Praneet Bhat (born 26 September 1980) is an Indian television actor best known for his role as Shakuni in the epic TV series Mahabharat (2013–2014).
Life and career
Bhat hails from Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir. After completing his engineering, he worked with a software company, Wipro.
Bhat shifted to Mumbai in 2002, and after modelling, he started his television career in 2004, and went on to appear on the television programs Kitni Mast Hai Zindagi, Hotel Kingston, Kituu Sabb Jaantii Hai, Ssshhhh..Phir Koi Hai and Kaajjal.
He played the geeky character Aditya in Geet(2010–2011). He appeared in the role of Shakuni in the mythological saga Mahabharat, which earned him worldwide fame. In September 2014, he became one of the contestants of eighth season of reality show Bigg Boss.
In November 2015, he married his longtime girlfriend, Kanchan Sharma. His Mahabharat and Bigg Boss close friends attended the wedding. He also portrayed a negative role in Star Plus's Rishton Ka Chakravyuh. Bhat then played Darius III in Porus.
Since 2018, Bhat is portraying a genie in the show Aladdin - Naam Toh Suna Hoga and in 2021 in he will feature as the magician Jafar in the upcoming story Aladdin and the Magic Lamp on Alif Laila in Dangal TV
Television
References
External links
Indian male television actors
Living people
People from Srinagar
Male actors from Jammu and Kashmir
1980 births
Urbain de Vandenesse (? – 1753, Paris) was an 18th-century French physician and Encyclopédiste.
Life
After he presented six theses at the Faculté de médecine de Paris, he was received with the title docteur-régent in 1742.
The 270 articles he wrote for the Encyclopédie by Denis Diderot and d'Alembert are the only texts we know of him. There were more than 150 articles for Volume I and about 100 for Volume II ; his sudden death interrupted his cooperation for the relevant sections of Volume III for which he could contribute only one article.
After the death of Vandenesse, Diderot needed a new author in the field of medicine and pharmacy. On the recommendation of Gabriel François Venel, he chose Arnulphe d'Aumont.
References
Bibliography
Frank Arthur Kafker: The Encyclopedists as individuals: a biographical dictionary of the authors of the Encyclopédie, Oxford 1988,
External links
Urbain de Vandenesse on Wikisource
Vandenesse, Urbain de on IdRef
Pédiatrie des lumières: maladies et soins des enfants dans l'Encyclopédie
18th-century French physicians
Contributors to the Encyclopédie (1751–1772)
1753 deaths
The Muzaffarid dynasty, sometimes referred as Ahmedabad dynasty, were Sultans of Gujarat in western India from 1391 to 1583. The founder of the dynasty was Zafar Khan (later Muzaffar Shah I) who was governor of Gujarat under the Delhi Sultanate. Zafar Khan's father Sadharan, has been variously described as a Tank Rajput or a Khatri convert from Hinduism to Islam from southern Punjab. He adopted the name Wajih-ul-Mulk. Originally from southern Punjab, his Hindu forebearers claimed descend from Rāmachandra, who the Hindus worshipped as God. Such genealogies were fabricated to glorify royalty and were generally not accepted. When the Sultanate was weakened by the sacking of Delhi by Timur in 1398, and Zafar Khan took the opportunity to establish himself as sultan of an independent Gujarat. His son, Ahmed Shah I established the capital at Ahmedabad. The dynasty ruled for almost 200 years, until the conquest of Gujarat by the Mughal Empire in 1572. The sultanate reached its peak of expansion under Mahmud Begada, reaching east into Malwa and west to the Gulf of Kutch.
Sultans of Gujarat Sultanate
See also
List of Sunni Muslim dynasties
Notes
Dynasties of India
Gujarat Sultanate
Indian former Hindus
1583 disestablishments
States and territories established in 1391
Sunni dynasties
Juana Romani, née Carolina Carlesimo (30 April 1867 – 1923/24) was an Italian-born French portrait painter and artists' model.
Biography
She was born in Velletri. At the age of ten, she went to Paris with her mother and stepfather, Temistocle Romani, an engineer who was seeking employment there. They settled in the Latin Quarter and she was put to work as a model at several art schools. It was not long, however, before Filippo Colarossi, founder of the Académie Colarossi, took a special interest in her; inviting her to work and study at his school.
In 1882, she posed for "Diana the Huntress", a well-known sculpture by Alexandre Falguière. She also posed for Carolus-Duran, Ferdinand Roybet, who gave her lessons, and Jean-Jacques Henner, with whom she had a brief affair. At the age of nineteen "Il Romani", as she was called, decided to pursue her own career in art. That same year, she changed her first name to "Juana", the Spanish equivalent of her middle name, "Giovanna".
She began to exhibit her works in 1888 at the Salon of the Société des Artistes Français and exhibited with them regularly until 1904. She was especially valued as a painter of female portraits, including many women from notable families, often depicting them as mythological or symbolic figures. One of her portraits was awarded a silver medal at the Exposition Universelle (1889). In 1901, she donated 5,000 lire to the art school in her home town. Four years later, it was officially renamed the "Scuola d'Arte Juana Romani".
Her work was also well received by the critics. In 1896, Louis Gonse of declared that she was more skillful than her mentor, Roybet. She usually painted directly on the canvas, without preliminary sketching, and sold many works before they were finished.
In her later years, she became mentally unsound and was confined to a psychiatric hospital in Paris. She died there, forgotten, around 1924. Her remaining works were auctioned off at the Hôtel Drouot. Many of her paintings may be seen at the Musée d'Orsay.
Selected portraits
References
Further reading
Juana Romani in the french Wikipedia
Cristina Contilli, Juana Romani (1867-1924) Modella, pittrice e scultrice della Belle Epoque, Lulu, 2016
Gabriela Romani, Juana Romani, Blurb, 2016
External links
"Le Tracce della Veliterna Juana Romani" @ the Università del Carnevale
ArtNet: More works by Romani.
Juana Romani blog
1869 births
1924 deaths
19th-century Italian painters
20th-century Italian painters
Italian women painters
Italian portrait painters
Italian artists' models
20th-century Italian women artists
19th-century Italian women artists
People from Velletri
Healey is a surname with several origins. It is an English toponymic surname, from Healey near Manchester and possibly also from other places named Healey in Yorkshire and Northumberland. It can also be an Irish name, originally from the Sligo area and the Gaelic word Ó hEalaighthe, which derives from 'ealadhach' meaning ingenious. The surname has a number of spelling variations, the most common being 'Healy'.
People with the surname Healey
Adam Healey (born 1974), Italian internet entrepreneur
Adrian Healey, English football commentator
Alfred Healey (1875–1960), British olympic athlete
Anne Healey (born 1951), American politician
Arthur Daniel Healey (1889–1948), U.S. Representative of Massachusetts
Austin Healey (born 1973), English rugby union player
Beth Healey (born 1986/87), British medical doctor
Chelsee Healey (born 1988), English actress
Cherry Healey (born 1980), British television presenter
Clive Healey (1918–1997), Australian politician
Dan Healey (born 1957), Canadian historian
Denis Healey (1917–2015), British politician
Des Healey (1927–2009), Australian rules footballer
Dick Healey (1923–2000), Australian politician
Donald Healey (1898–1988), British rally driver & automotive engineer
Dorothy Ray Healey (1914–2006), American Communist Party activist
Ed Healey (1894–1978), American Football player
Edna Healey (1918–2010), British author and filmmaker
Edward F. Healey (1885–1945), American politician
Emma Healey (born 1991), Canadian writer and poet
Eric Healey (born 1975), American ice-hockey player
Gareth Healey (born 1971), British businessman
Geoffrey Healey (1922–1994), British car designer, son of Donald
Giles Healey (1901–1980), American cartographer
Jack Healey (born 1938), American human rights activist
James Healey (disambiguation), several people
Jeff Healey (1966–2008), Canadian jazz and blues-rock guitarist
John Healey (disambiguation), several people
Joseph G. Healey (born 1938), American language researcher
Kenneth Healey (1899–1985), 3rd Bishop of Grimsby, England
Keri Healey, American voice actress
Kerry Healey (born 1960), 70th Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts
Lori Healey, American real estate principal
Mark Healey, British computer games developer
Maura Healey (born 1971), 55th and current Attorney General of Massachusetts since 2015
Michael Healey, Canadian actor and playwright
Mitch Healey (born 1969), Australian rugby player and coach
Myron Healey (1923–2005), American actor
Nathan Healey (born 1980), Australian tennis player
Nigel Healey, Vice Chancellor at Fiji National University
Pat Healey (born 1985), American soccer player
Patrick Healey Jr. (born 1968), American ten-pin bowler
Patsy Healey (born 1940), professor at Newcastle University, England
Paul Healey (born 1975), Canadian ice hockey player
Philip B. Healey (1921–1996), New York politician
Rich Healey (born 1938), Canadian ice hockey player
Robert Healey (disambiguation), several people
Ron Healey (1952–2018), English born Irish footballer
Sheila Healey (1915–2007), Argentine painter
Stephen Healey (1982–2012), British Army officer and footballer
Steve Healey (born 1981), Professional Fisherman, Angler of the year 2010–2016
T. J. Healey (Thomas J. Healey, 1866–1944), American racehorse trainer
Theresa Healey, New Zealand actress
Thomas J. Healey (born 1942), Harvard University lecturer
Tom Healey (1853–1891), American MLB baseball player
Trebor Healey, American poet and novelist
William Healey, English football club owner
Characters
Mike Healey, a fictional character from the Australian television soap opera Neighbours
Roger Healey, a fictional character from the American sitcom I Dream of Jeannie
See also
Healey (disambiguation)
Healy (surname)
References
English-language surnames
Healey
English toponymic surnames
Raphael Carlo "Raphy" Reyes is a Filipino professional basketball player for Bicol Volcanoes of the Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League (MPBL). He is a former UE Red Warrior and the point guard for the Big Chill Super Chargers in the PBA D-League. He was drafted 19th overall in the 2012 PBA draft by the Alaska Aces.
PBA career statistics
Correct as of September 18, 2016
Season-by-season averages
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Alaska
| 34 || 7.9 || .469 || .312 || .857 || .4 || .7 || .3 || .0 || 2.4
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Alaska
| 14 || 5.0 || .533 || .000 || .500 || .4 || .4 || .3 || .0 || 1.2
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Blackwater
| 21 || 16.5 || .396 || .317 || .759 || 1.3 || 1.6 || .4 || .0 || 5.3
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Blackwater
| 32 || 15.3 || .444 || .371 || .750 || 1.1 || .8 || .4 || .0 || 5.0
|-class=sortbottom
| align=center colspan=2 | Career
| 101 || 11.6 || .438 || .342 || .779 || .8 || .9 || .4 || .0 || 3.7
References
1987 births
Living people
Alaska Aces (PBA) players
Blackwater Bossing players
Filipino men's basketball players
Point guards
Basketball players from Manila
UE Red Warriors men's basketball players
Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League players
Alaska Aces (PBA) draft picks
Nina Tichman (born 27 April 1949 in New York) is an American pianist.
She studied at the Juilliard School in New York, which awarded her the Eduard-Steuermann-Prize for outstanding achievements, then in Europe with Alfons Kontarsky, Hans Leygraf and Wilhelm Kempff. Tichman has received numerous prizes, including at the Busoni, Casagrande, ARD, Ferruccio Busoni International Piano Competition, European Piano Contest Bremen, and Mendelssohn competitions. Her recording of the complete works of Claude Debussy, which she also performed cyclically in New York and in Frankfurt. Works for piano and violoncello with the cellist Maria Kliegel and Beethoven's Piano Trio with the Xyrion Trio. She has also made further recordings with works by Bartók, Copland (complete work), Chopin, Corigliano, Fauré, Mendelssohn, Penderecki, Reger. Since 1993, Tichman has been professor for piano at the Hochschule für Musik und Tanz Köln and gives master classes in the USA (Princeton, Amherst, IKIF), in Europe (European Academy Palazzo Ricci, Mozarteum Salzburg, Seelscheider Musiktage), Japan (Aichi University of the Arts) and China.
References
External links
Homepage von Nina Tichman
1949 births
Living people
American women classical pianists
American classical pianists
American music educators
Hochschule für Musik und Tanz Köln faculty
People from New York (state)
American women academics
21st-century American women
The 2020 All-Ireland Senior Ladies' Football Championship Final is the 47th All-Ireland Final and the deciding match of the 2020 All-Ireland Senior Ladies' Football Championship, an inter-county ladies' Gaelic football tournament for the county teams of Ireland.
There was no audience due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Cork led by a goal at half-time, but Dublin pushed past them in the second half to win a fourth All-Ireland in a row.
Match info
See also
List of All-Ireland Senior Ladies' Football Championship finals
References
final
All-Ireland Senior Ladies' Football Championship Finals
Ladies' All-Ireland Championship
In Greek mythology, Erato (; Ancient Greek: Ἐρατώ, Eratō; 'desired, lovely') was the name of the following individuals.
Erato, one of the 50 Nereids, sea-nymph daughters of the 'Old Man of the Sea' Nereus and the Oceanid Doris. Her name means 'the awakener of desire'.
Erato, one of the Greek Muses.
Erato, one of the Nymphs Dodonides (Nysiades), nurses of Dionysus in Mount Nysa.
Erato, a Libyan princess, was one of the daughters of King Danaus and naiad Polyxo. Under the command of their father, along with her sisters except Hypermnestra, Erato married and murdered her husband Bromios or Eudaemon at the night of their wedding.
Erato, the dryad wife of Arcas.
Erato, a Thespian princess as one of the 50 daughters of King Thespius and Megamede or by one of his many wives. When Heracles hunted and ultimately slayed the Cithaeronian lion, Erato with her other sisters, except for one, all laid with the hero in a night, a week or for 50 days as what their father strongly desired it to be. Erato bore Heracles a son, Dynastes.
Notes
References
Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. ISBN 0-674-99135-4. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Athenaeus of Naucratis, The Deipnosophists or Banquet of the Learned. London. Henry G. Bohn, York Street, Covent Garden. 1854. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Athenaeus of Naucratis, Deipnosophistae. Kaibel. In Aedibus B.G. Teubneri. Lipsiae. 1887. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Diodorus Siculus, The Library of History translated by Charles Henry Oldfather. Twelve volumes. Loeb Classical Library. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press; London: William Heinemann, Ltd. 1989. Vol. 3. Books 4.59–8. Online version at Bill Thayer's Web Site
Diodorus Siculus, Bibliotheca Historica. Vol 1-2. Immanel Bekker. Ludwig Dindorf. Friedrich Vogel. in aedibus B. G. Teubneri. Leipzig. 1888-1890. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Gaius Julius Hyginus, Fabulae from The Myths of Hyginus translated and edited by Mary Grant. University of Kansas Publications in Humanistic Studies. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Hesiod, Theogony from The Homeric Hymns and Homerica with an English Translation by Hugh G. Evelyn-White, Cambridge, MA.,Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1914. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Kerényi, Carl, The Gods of the Greeks, Thames and Hudson, London, 1951.
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Tzetzes, John, Book of Histories, Book II-IV translated by Gary Berkowitz from the original Greek of T. Kiessling's edition of 1826. Online version at theio.com
Nereids
Danaids
Women of Heracles
Princesses in Greek mythology
Women in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Ionuț Constantin (born 27 July 2001) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Concordia II Chiajna. He made his debut in Liga I on 2 June 2019, in a match between Gaz Metan Mediaș and Concordia Chiajna, ended with the score of 3-1.
References
External links
Ionuț Constantin at lpf.ro
2001 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
CS Concordia Chiajna players
Rahul Akerkar is an Indian chef, restaurateur and the founder of Indigo, a Mumbai restaurant credited with introducing the concept of European fine-dining in the city, when it opened in 1999. In the 1990s nascent Indian restaurant industry, Akerkar was among the first Indian chefs and restaurateurs, working outside the Indian five-star hotel industry, to introduce independent fine-dining restaurants in India and focus on carefully sourced ingredients and high quality service.
In April 2019, Akerkar opened his new restaurant, Qualia, in Lower Parel, Mumbai.
Early life and education
Akerkar was born to a German-American mother and an Indian father in Mumbai. Akerkar went to the all-boys boarding school The Doon School in Dehradun. He went on to study Biology and Chemical Engineering at Franklin & Marshall College, followed by a master's in Biochemical Engineering at Columbia University. Throughout college in the United States, Akerkar worked in American kitchens in various capacities: dishwasher, server and chef.
Career
He returned to India in 1989 and founded Just Desserts, a cafe-pub, with AD Singh and soon launched his standalone restaurant Under The Over. In 1996, Akerkar established deGustibus Hospitality, which ran Mumbai's first standalone restaurants Indigo, Tote, Neel and Moveable Feast. In 2007, Indigo became the first Indian restaurant to enter the World's Top 100 and entered Asia's Top 50 in 2013. In 1998, Akerkar left India for the United States to study the global dining trends and returned in 1999 to open Indigo in Colaba, Mumbai. In 2015, Akerkar sold his stake in deGustibus Hospitality, the company he set up, citing differences in creative vision with the investors.
Indigo
In 1999, Akerkar opened the restaurant Indigo in a colonial bungalow in Mumbai's heritage district of Colaba, introducing European fine-dining in the city. With the success of Indigo, Akerkar launched a casual offshoot to the brand called Indigo Delicatessen. After his exit in 2015, Indigo has closed down its operations currently in Mumbai and Delhi.
Qualia
After exiting deGustibus in 2015, Akerkar undertook research in different countries for his new venture. In April 2019, he opened his new Mumbai restaurant Qualia (a Latin term meaning "essence of sensory experience". The restaurant opened to critical acclaim. The menu draws inspiration from both Indian and European traditions with a special focus on fermented ingredients.
References
External links
Bloomberg profile
Living people
Indian chefs
Indian restaurateurs
The Doon School alumni
Columbia University alumni
Franklin & Marshall College alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
In late March 1265 Sultan Baibars, Muslim ruler of the Mamluks, laid siege to Arsuf. It was defended by 270 Knights Hospitallers. At the end of April, after 40 days of siege, the town surrendered. However, the Knights remained in their formidable citadel. Baibars convinced the Knights to surrender by agreeing to let them go free. Baibars reneged on this promise immediately, taking the knights into slavery.
References
See also
Apollonia–Arsuf
Sieges involving the Mamluk Sultanate
Conflicts in 1265
1265 in Asia
Battles of the Crusades
13th century in the Mamluk Sultanate
Military history of the Crusader states between the Seventh and Eighth Crusades
Sir Arthur Leonard Williams (22 January 1904 – 27 December 1972) was a British politician who was General Secretary of the Labour Party during the 1960s.
Early life
Born in Liverpool in 1904, he began working on the steam engines of the railway as a boy, doing the dirty jobs of cleaning out the ashes and the boilers on the engines. He became involved in the union movement after World War I, rising through various positions to attain the position of General Secretary of the British Labour Party. After retiring from that post he was knighted and appointed Governor-General of Mauritius in 1968 and served in that capacity until his death. He was also involved in the Scout movement.
He was married to Margaret Alma I. S. Wiggins (born Oxton, England 1904). There were no children of the marriage.
References
1904 births
1972 deaths
Labour Party (UK) officials
Governors-General of Mauritius
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George
Deaths in Mauritius
The Faraba shooting was an incident in the town of Faraba Banta, The Gambia, that took place on 18 June 2018. During a protest against mining operations, officers of the Gambia Police Force used live ammunition, firing on protesters. Two were killed instantly, with a third dying two days later. A number of other protestors and police officers were injured during the confrontation.
Background
In 2018 in the town of Faraba Banta, 50 km south of Banjul, a contract was awarded to the Julakey Company to conduct sand mining operations in the area. Accusations were leveled that the contract had been awarded without consulting the local village council and stakeholders in the project. The week prior to the shooting, the National Assembly's Committee on the Environment had ordered the Julakey Company to cease operations pending the outcome of an investigation into their operations. However, due to complications in communications, by the day of the incident the company had yet to receive an official letter from the committee asking them to do so.
Incident
On 18 June 2018, a number of angry local residents took to the streets of Faraba Banta to protest the mining company. Parts of the protest turned violent, and five trucks that were loading sand in the mining area were set on fire by Faraba youths. Youths were also seen targeting compounds belonging to Bo Jarju, Ba Jambang Sanyang, Bakary Saidy, and Nuha Kujabi, among others, who had all been involved in the mining operations. Their house materials were removed and set on fire.
A detachment of the Gambia Police Force's Police Intervention Unit (PIU) was dispatched to deal with the protest. The protesters clashed, and a number of PIU officers sustained injuries. These were later named as Modou Dem, Alie Camara, and Momodou Jallow. Camara was identified as the PIU officer who fired live ammunition at the protesters. Bakary Kujabi and Ismalie Bah were killed instantly. Amadou Nyang-Jawo, a student at The Gambia College, was hospitalised at the Edward Francis Small Teaching Hospital in Banjul. Masanneh Njie, Salaman Darboe, Jalaman Darboe, Pa Jammeh, Sainey Sonko, Sheriffo Touray, Dawda Daffeh, Buba Sanyang, and Francis Jambang were all injured in the clash and taken to Brikama Major Hospital.
Nyang-Jawo died in hospital on 20 June, having previously been in a critical state.
Responses
Activists and human rights organisations
Mustapha Camara, a youth leader from Faraba and eyewitness to the incident, tearfully condemned the killing of unarmed youths by the PIU. He called on the government to launch an immediate investigation. Two international human rights organisations, the Institute for Human Rights and Development in Africa (IHRDA), and Article 19, called on the government to investigate the shooting via an independent investigation.
Police
Following the incident, Landing Kinteh, the Inspector General of Police, denied giving police officers the authority to use live ammunition during the incident. He released a statement saying that his office "will investigate the circumstances that led to this unfortunate incident." On 21 June, Kinteh resigned from his role as Inspector General, under pressure to allow through an independent investigation. His deputy, Alahagie Mamour Jobe, took over the role in an acting capacity.
Government
The day after the incident, the office of President Adama Barrow released a statement saying that he was "deeply saddened" by the reports. He had ordered a thorough investigation into the matter as soon as possible. He called for "calm and restraint" and also issued a directive for all mining activities to be suspended until further notice. In the week following the incident, Barrow appointed a presidential commission of enquiry, appointed a coroner, and visited victims in the Edward Francis Small Teaching Hospital. On 22 June, Barrow visited the town of Faraba. He led the Friday prayer before speaking, saying "It is not only Faraba Banta that is in mourning, but the entire country is in shock and mourning."
Investigation
Five police officers involved in the shooting, including two superintendents, were taken into custody by the police. On 21 June, it was announced that Barrow had appointed a commission of enquiry into the incident, to be chaired by human rights lawyer Emmanuel Joof. The commission would have five other members, consisting of a representative from the Ministry of Justice, the Gambia Bar Association, the Gambia Armed Forces, the State Intelligence Services, and The Association of Non-Governmental Organisations (TANGO). On 6 July, the members of the commission were sworn in by President Barrow, and were as follows:
Emmanuel Joof, chairman, human rights lawyer
Neneh M. C. Cham, barrister, solicitor, and president of the Female Lawyers Association of The Gambia (FLAG)
Abdoulie Colley, state counsel
Omar Cham, former NIA officer
Yusupha Jallow, lieutenant in the military police
Charles Njie, secretary, chairman of TANGO
References
2018 in the Gambia
Murder in the Gambia
Human rights abuses in the Gambia
Protest-related deaths
June 2018 events in Africa
West Coast Division (The Gambia)
Sand mining
Mining in the Gambia
Pat Somerset (February 28, 1897–April 20, 1974) was an English stage and film actor.
After appearing in some British silent films early in his career, he moved to the United States. In 1922 he starred on Broadway in Victor Herbert's musical Orange Blossoms. Somerset established himself in Hollywood, but was restricted to supporting roles and bit parts in numerous films during the 1920s and 1930s. He was a regular of the John Ford Stock Company, appearing in nine of the director's films. He was married to the actresses Edith Day and Margaret Bannerman.
Selected filmography
The Key of the World (1918)
Walls of Prejudice (1920)
The White Hen (1921)
One of the Bravest (1925)
Paris (1926)
The Black Watch (1929)
From Headquarters (1929)
Good Intentions (1930)
Hell's Angels (1930)
Born Reckless (1930)
Body and Soul (1931)
Christopher Strong (1933)
Murder in Trinidad (1934)
The Key (1934)
The Gilded Lily (1935)
Mary of Scotland (1936)
Wee Willie Winkie (1937)
I Cover the War! (1937)
Death in the Air (1937)
Parnell (1937)
References
Bibliography
Dan Dietz. The Complete Book of 1920s Broadway Musicals. Rowman & Littlefield, 2019.
External links
1897 births
1974 deaths
British male film actors
British male stage actors
British emigrants to the United States
People from London
Ezhupunna Tharakan is a 1999 Malayalam film directed by P. G. Viswambharan. It features Mammootty, Jagadish, Madhu and Namrata Shirodkar in the lead roles. This was Shirodkar's first & only Malayalam film.
Cast
Mammootty as Ezhupunna Sunny Tharakan
Jagadish as Muhammed Ali
Madhu as Ezhupunna Outha Tharakan
Namrata Shirodkar as Ashwathy Varma
Sangeetha as Aiswarya Gowda
Captain Raju as Ezhupunna Chacko Tharakan
K.P.A.C. Sunny as Ezhupunna Mathew Tharakan
Rajan P. Dev as Kumbanadan Lazar
Vijayakumar as Ezhupunna Baby Tharakan
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Kunjannamma
Praveena as Rani
Zainuddin as Pushkaran
Kozhikode Narayanan Nair as Paliyekkara Thampuran
V. K. Sreeraman as Ramabhadran
T. P. Madhavan as Justice Mahadevan
Jagannatha Varma as Father Bernard
Spadikam George as Padmanabhan
Rizabawa as DYSP Gopinathan Varma
Chandni Shaju as Leena Lazer
Manka Mahesh as Mary Chacko
Prof. Aliyar as Adv. Vasudevan Nair
Vimal Raj in cameo appearance
Shammi Thilakan in cameo appearance
Bindu Ramakrishnan in cameo appearance
Jayabharathi in cameo appearance
Songs
The movie has 5 songs which were composed by Vidyasagar. The lyrics were penned by Gireesh Puthenchery.
References
External links
https://archive.today/20130218004718/http://popcorn.oneindia.in/title/5352/ezhupunna-tharakan.html
1999 films
1990s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Vidyasagar
Films directed by P. G. Viswambharan
Nikolai Petrovich Karachentsov (, 27 October 1944 – 26 October 2018) was a Soviet and Russian film and stage actor of Lenkom Theatre. Karachentsov's popularity peaked in the late 1970s and early 1980s among the Soviet youth after he had starred in rock operas. In 1989 he was awarded the title of People's Artist of the RSFSR. In 2003 he received the State Prize of the Russian Federation. He was also awarded the Order of Honour and Order "For Merit to the Fatherland", 4th class.
Biography
Early life
Nikolai Karachentsov was born in Moscow on 27 October 1944. His father, Pyotr Yakovlevich Karachentsov (1907–1998), worked for many years in the magazine Ogoniok as a graphic artist, he received the title of Meritorious Artist of the RSFSR in 1967. Nikolai's mother, Yanina Brunak (1913–1992), was a choreographer. She directed plays in major musical theaters, took part in staging performances at the Bolshoi Theatre, Kazan Musical Theater, Ulaanbaatar Music Theater in Mongolia, administered a ballet school and organized the First National Ensemble of Vietnam, worked in Syria and London.
Karachentsov's parents separated, so when Yanina Evgenyevna would leave Moscow for work, Kolya studied and lived in a boarding school. In school days, he spent all summer vacations in the recreation center of the All-Russian Theater Society in the village of Shylykovo, Kostroma Oblast.
In his childhood, Karachentsov was actively engaged in swimming and by the age of 13 he became the champion of the USSR's central sport school in diving. He left his swimming lessons when, together with his mother, he moved to Ulaanbaatar for two years.
While studying in high school, Nikolai Karachentsov joined the "Active" group, created at the Central Children's Theater. The duties of "activists" included duty in the building of the theater and monitoring of the observance of order by schoolchildren. And at the same time, the attendants had the opportunity to see the performances. Soon, at the Center for Children's Art an amateur studio for schoolchildren was opened. Karachentsov was one of the first to apply. The directors of the studio were Pechnikov and Minkovskaya. In the Club of Arts at the theater Karachentsov attended a course of lectures for schoolchildren. The lecturers were famous directors and actors.
Nikolai Karachentsov's first role was in the play Figaro. By this time, he already planned to become an actor.
Theatre career
In 1963, Karachentsov entered the Moscow Art Theatre School (course of Viktor Monyukov), which he graduated with honors in 1967. His role in the student performances Snowstorm and Ivan Vasilyevich received a high professional assessment. Usually school graduates were automatically "distributed" to the Moscow Art Theater, but in 1967 at the Lenkom Theatre, in connection with the departure from the post of the main director Anatoly Efros, there was a catastrophic situation of shortage of actors, and Karachentsov among the top ten students joined this theater.
Among Karachentsov's first performances were the plays staged by Efros: 104 Pages About Love, My Poor Marat, The Movie is Being Shot, Fear and Despair in the Third Empire and Farewell to Arms!.
After Karachentsov's successful first experience in the play Autograd 21 (1973), Lenkom's director Mark Zakharov invited him for the main role of Till Eulenspiegel in his next play Till (1974). The play, based on the novel by Charles De Coster, was written by playwright Grigori Gorin, and the composer Gennady Gladkov composed the music for the production. Through Karachentsov's performance, the character of Till – a buffoon, bully and rebel – became a cult figure of the 1970s Soviet youth. From the theater's repertoire Till was filmed only in 1992.
The rock opera of the composer Alexey Rybnikov Stardom and Death of Joaquin Murieta (based on the poetic drama of Pablo Neruda), staged by Mark Zakharov in 1976, was also well received. In it, Karachentsov played two roles at once: the ranger and Death. This production was part of the theater's program until 1993.
The most famous theatrical work of Karachentsov is the role of Count Rezanov in the rock opera Juno and Avos, a play that became a calling card of Lenkom. The premiere was held on July 9, 1981 (music by Alexey Rybnikov, libretto by Andrei Voznesensky). Karachentsov took vocal lessons from the famous musician Pavel Smeyan, who played in Juno and Avos the role of the Principal Writer. In 1983, the show was recorded for television and the same year the famous French couturier Pierre Cardin introduced the Juno and Avos to the French audience at the Espace Cardin Theater in Paris, followed by a triumphant tour around the world: the performance was shown in the US, Germany, Netherlands and other countries. Karachentsov became one of the leading actors of Lenkom.
Other popular productions with his participation were Optimistic Tragedy, Dictatorship of Conscience, School for Emigrants, Sorry, Czech Photo. Among the last theatrical roles of the actor were prince Alexander Menshikov in Balakirev the Buffoon and Domenico Soriano in The City of Millionaires.
Film career
Nikolai Karachentsov began to act in cinema in 1967: the first films with his participation were Strokes to the Portrait of Vladimir Lenin, And Again May. But the actor began to play actively in film only after the triumph of Till. Mark Zakharov did not use him in his screen works, with the exception of small roles in the television films of The Twelve Chairs (1976) and The House That Swift Built (1982). Nevertheless, even at the beginning of his film career Karachentsov played one of his best known roles - Busygin in the film adaptation of Alexander Vampilov's play The Elder Son (1975).
In the second half of the 1970s, Karachentsov became one of the most filmed actors in the Soviet Union. Karachentsov always performed stunts in his films by himself. His popularity was enhanced by roles in such films as The Dog in the Manger, The Adventures of the Elektronic, The Trust That Went Bust, White Dew, A Man from the Boulevard des Capucines, A Bright Personality, Deja Vu and many others. In total the filmography of Nikolai Karachentsov includes more than 100 roles in the cinema.
He also worked on dubbing foreign films, for example he voiced in Russian the roles of French actor Jean-Paul Belmondo. In addition, he took part in voicing many cartoons and worked extensively on television and radio.
From the beginning of the 1990s Karachentsov for many years has been the chairman of the jury of the Andrei Mironov Actor's Song Festival. In 1991 he was elected secretary of the Union of Theatre Workers of the Russian Federation. He was also a member of the Russian Academy of Cinematographic Arts "NIKA". In 1994, together with his friend and stuntman Nikolai Astapov, Karachentsov opened the Nikolay Karachentsov School of Arts in Krasnoarmeysk.
Personal life
In 1975 Karachentsov married Russian actress Lyudmila Porgina who gave birth to their son Andrey three years later.
One of Karachentsov's main hobbies was tennis. He became a recurrent participant in several tennis tournaments, including "Big Hats", "Marco-Garros", for the cup of the "Big Cap". In 1994, paired with TV presenter Boris Notkin, he was allowed to play with the first president of the Russian Federation Boris Yeltsin. Among the regular partners of Karachentsov were tennis player and coach Shamil Tarpishchev, vice-president of the Tennis Federation of the North-West region Igor Dzhelepov, composer Maksim Dunayevsky and poet Yury Ryashentsev.
Injury, illness and death
On 28 February 2005, Karachentsov was driving his car, a Volkswagen Passat, to Moscow, on his way to his mother-in-law's funeral when he lost control of his vehicle and crashed into a street light pole, suffering a traumatic brain injury. His seat belt was not fastened. After twenty-six days in coma, he began regaining motor skills, finally being able to get up onto a stage in 2007. Despite some improvement, he never fully recovered after the accident, his speech and ability to walk remained severely impaired. His only cinema appearance after the crash was a minor role almost without words in the film White Dew: The Return in 2014.
In 2017 Karachentsov was diagnosed with lung cancer and underwent unsuccessful treatment in Israel.
On 26 October 2018 Karachentsov died from kidney failure in a Moscow clinic, one day before his 74th birthday.
Selected filmography
Actor
The Elder Son (Старший сын, 1976) as student Vladimir Busygin
The Twelve Chairs (Двенадцать стульев, 1976) as actor in the theater "Columbus"
The Dog in the Manger (Собака на сене, 1978) as Marquis of Ricardo
Errors of Youth (Ошибки юности, 1978)
The Adventures of the Electronic (Приключения Электроника, 1979) as Urrie
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson (Приключения Шерлока Холмса и доктора Ватсона. Кровавая надпись, 1979) as Jefferson Hope
The House That Swift Built (Дом, который построил Свифт, 1982) as Flim, the Lilliputian
Juno and Avos (Юнона и Авось) (rock opera also released as a TV film) as Nikolay Rezanov
The Trust That Went Bust (Трест, который лопнул, 1983) as Jeff Peters
White Dew (Белые росы, 1983) as Vasiliy
How to Become Happy (Как стать счастливым, 1986) as Gosha
A Man from the Boulevard des Capuchines (Человек с бульвара Капуцинов, 1987) as Billy King
Moonzund (Моонзунд, 1987) as Von Knupfer
Bright Personality (Светлая личность, 1988) as Egor Filyurin
The Witches Cave (Подземелье ведьм, 1989) as Jean
The Criminal Quartet (Криминальный квартет, 1989) as Marat
Two Arrows. Stone Age Detective (Две стрелы. Детектив каменного века, 1989) as Fighting man
Good Luck, Gentlemen (Удачи вам, господа!, 1992) as Vladimir
Voice
The Hobbit: Treasures Under the Mountain (Хоббит. Сокровища под горой, 1991, not released) as Gandalf
A Trap for Lonely Man (Ловушка для одинокого мужчины, 1990) as Wife-loser
Dog in Boots (Пёс в сапогах, 1981) as Gascon Dog
The Cat Who Walked by Herself (Кошка, которая гуляла сама по себе, 1988) as Hourse
References
External links
1944 births
2018 deaths
Soviet male film actors
Russian male film actors
People with disorders of consciousness
People with severe brain damage
People's Artists of the RSFSR
State Prize of the Russian Federation laureates
Soviet male voice actors
Russian male voice actors
Soviet male singers
People with traumatic brain injuries
Academicians of the Russian Academy of Cinema Arts and Sciences "Nika"
Male actors from Moscow
Deaths from kidney failure
Burials in Troyekurovskoye Cemetery
20th-century Russian male singers
Moscow Art Theatre School alumni
Vegas TV may refer to:
KTUD-CD, a defunct independent television station
Vegas (1978 TV series), a crime drama television series on ABC
Vegas (2012 TV series), a period drama television series on CBS
Las Vegas (TV series), a comedy-drama television series on NBC
The LINC complex (Linker of Nucleoskeleton and Cytoskeleton) is a protein complex associated with both inner and outer membranes of the nucleus. It is composed of SUN-domain proteins and KASH-domain proteins. The SUN-domain proteins are associated with both nuclear lamins and chromatin and cross the inner nuclear membrane. They interact with the KASH domain proteins in the perinuclear (lumen) space between the two membranes. The KASH domain proteins cross the outer nuclear membrane and interact with actin filaments, microtubule filaments (through dynein and kinesin motors), intermediate filaments (through spectrin), centrosomes and cytoplasmic organelles. The number of SUN-domain and KASH-domain proteins increased in evolution.
Function
The function of the LINC complex appears to be in many cell activities. These include nuclear relocation/movement, moving meiotic chromosomes to find their homologues at leptotene/zygotene, attaching the centrosome to the outer nuclear membrane, formation of the nuclear pore complex, and responding to extracellular mechanical stimuli. LINC complex, by virtue of providing internal cell connectivity, is required for sensing of various mechanical stimuli including high frequency vibrations.
References
Protein complexes
Nuclear substructures
Cytoskeleton
The 1968 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 1968 NCAA University Division football season. It was the Tigers' 77th overall and 35th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ralph "Shug" Jordan, in his 18th year, and played their home games at Cliff Hare Stadium in Auburn and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished with a record of seven wins and four losses (7–4 overall, 4–2 in the SEC) and with a victory over Arizona in the Sun Bowl.
Schedule
Source: 1968 Auburn football schedule
Personnel
References
Auburn
Auburn Tigers football seasons
Sun Bowl champion seasons
Auburn Tigers football
No Room for Humans is Servotron's debut album. It contains 14 tracks about robot domination and human extinction. Their lyrics discuss various topics ranging from abolishing the three laws of robotics to criticizing one of their own (Gammatron) for acting too human.
Track listing
001. "S.R.A."
002. "3 Laws (Abolished)"
003. "People Mover"
004. "The Image Created"
005. "I AM NOT A (Voice Activated Child Identicon)"
006. "Moving Parts"
007. "Mechanisms in the Forever Loop"
008. "Red Robot Refund (The Ballad of R5D4)"
009. "The Death of Magnus"
0010. "Bad Birthday"
0011. "User Error"
0012. "Pull the Plug"
0013. "Gammatron"
0014. "Theme for an Ultimate and Inevitable Victory"
Pneumatic Power Automated Musical Components
MACHINE 1: Z4-OBX: Pre-programmed syntho-rhythm design for unnerving effects to human physiology
MACHINE 2: Proto Unit V3: Hardwired polyphonic pop sequences and voltage control melody, female vocoding
MACHINE 3: 00zX1: Electronic sermonizer transcending an assortment of unvarying tones travelling to speeds up to 340.63 meters per second
MACHINE 4: Gammatron: Subsonic noise fluctuation, artificial low-note priority, bio-electric deflection
Other Credits
Technical Maintenance: Cyborg A-1 and Cyborg A-2
Recorded and manipulated in pure digital form without interference from life form principles except for microprocessing and rust maintenance: Cyborg J.A-IQ=M.A.R.R.E.R.
Packaging and illustration: Carbon-based life form Shag
Photographic representations: Carbon-based life form Mark Greenberg
1996 albums
Servotron albums
Vitaly Nikolaevich Potapenko (, pronounced vee-TAH-lee poe-TAH-pen-koe, born March 21, 1975) is a Ukrainian former professional basketball player who is currently an assistant coach for the Memphis Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball at Wright State University and was selected 12th overall by the Cleveland Cavaliers in the 1996 NBA draft, also the last pick before Kobe Bryant, believed by many as the best player from the 1996 draft. Nicknamed "Ukraine Train", he played for the Cleveland Cavaliers, the Boston Celtics, the Seattle SuperSonics, and the Sacramento Kings of the NBA, as well as MMT Estudiantes in the Spanish ACB.
Since retiring as a player, Potapenko has been serving as an assistant coach for several teams, among them the Fort Wayne Mad Ants, the Indiana Pacers, the Dakota Wizards, and the Santa Cruz Warriors and later as an assistant director of player development for the Cleveland Cavaliers, helping them win their first ever NBA championship.
See also
List of foreign NBA coaches
Notes
External links
NBA.com Profile
Cleveland Cavaliers' Front Office
1975 births
Living people
Basketball players from Kyiv
BC Budivelnyk players
Boston Celtics players
CB Estudiantes players
Centers (basketball)
Cleveland Cavaliers assistant coaches
Cleveland Cavaliers draft picks
Cleveland Cavaliers players
Dakota Wizards coaches
Memphis Grizzlies assistant coaches
Fort Wayne Mad Ants coaches
Indiana Pacers assistant coaches
Liga ACB players
National Basketball Association players from Ukraine
Power forwards (basketball)
Sacramento Kings players
Santa Cruz Warriors coaches
Seattle SuperSonics players
Ukrainian expatriate basketball people in Spain
Ukrainian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Ukrainian men's basketball players
Wright State Raiders men's basketball players
Shepherd, Shepard, Sheppard, Shephard and Shepperd are surnames and given names, and alternative spellings and cognates of the English word "Shepherd".
Shepherd
Surname
Adaline Shepherd, American composer
Alan Shepherd, British motorcycle Grand Prix road racer
Amba Shepherd, Australian singer
Ann Shepherd, American actress born Shaindel Kalish
Briana Shepherd, Western Australian journalist, reporter and news presenter, former New York City Ballet dancer
Chandler Shepherd, American professional baseball player (Boston Red Sox)
Cybill Shepherd, American actress
Darrius Shepherd (born 1995), American football player
David Shepherd (disambiguation)
Dolly Shepherd, hot-air balloon trapeze artist
Frances Alice Shepherd, Canadian academic
Freddy Shepherd, businessman and chairman of Newcastle United
George Shepherd (artist), English draughtsman and watercolourist
George Shepherd, 1st Baron Shepherd, British Labour politician
J. Marshall Shepherd, American meteorologist
JaCorey Shepherd, American football player
Jean Shepherd, American radio personality and writer
Jenny Shepherd, New Zealand field hockey player
Joel Shepherd, Australian science fiction author
John Shepherd (disambiguation), several people
Jonathan Shepherd, Welsh surgeon
Keith Shepherd, major league baseball player
Kenny Wayne Shepherd (born Kenny Wayne Brobst, Jr), an American blues guitarist, singer and songwriter
Kirk Shepherd, English darts player
Leo Shepherd, US jazz trumpeter
Liam 'Lewy' Shepherd, SEO Consultant
Malcolm Shepherd, 2nd Baron Shepherd, British Labour politician
Mark Shepherd (businessman), chairman and CEO of Texas Instruments
Mark Shepherd (novelist), author of several fantasy novels
Mark Allen Shepherd (born 1961), actor
Mary Shepherd, British philosopher
Mary Patricia Shepherd (1933 – 2003), British thoracic surgeon
Michael Shepherd (psychiatrist), British psychiatrist and author
Morgan Shepherd, NASCAR driver
Nathan Shepherd (American football) (born 1993), Canadian-American football player
Robert Shepherd (1937–2008), law professor
Robert Shepherd (footballer) (born 1956), Australian rules footballer
Roy Shepherd (born 1931), British ice hockey player
Roy Shepherd (pianist) (1907–1986), Australian pianist and teacher
Sanger Shepherd, British inventor of an early colour photography process
Sherri Shepherd (born 1967), media personality, actress and comedian
Thomas D. Shepherd (1889–1954), American college football player and coach
Thomas H. Shepherd (1792–1864), British architectural artist
William Robert Shepherd (1871–1934), American cartographer and historian
Given name
Shepherd Brooks, member of a prominent Medford family who developed the 19th-century Shepherd Brooks Estate
Shepherd Clark, American competitive figure skater
Shepherd Dawson (1880–1935), British psychologist
Shepherd Heyward (died 1859), free black man who was killed during the raid on Harpers Ferry
Shepherd Leffler (1811–1879), U.S. Representative from Iowa
Shepherd Mead (1914–1994), born Edward Mead, American writer
Shepherd Murape, Zimbabwean former football player and manager
Shepherd Skanes, American football coach
Fictional Shepherds
Derrial Book (a.k.a. Shepherd Book), character in the television series, Firefly
Alex Shepherd, character from the Silent Hill series
Derek Shepherd, character on the ABC television series Grey's Anatomy and Private Practice
Amelia Shepherd, character on the ABC television series Private Practice and Grey's Anatomy
General Shepherd, a fictional character and the main antagonist from video game Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2
Jason Shepherd, the main protagonist of the film Big Fat Liar
Tommy Shepherd, a superhero from Marvel Comics
Shepperd
Surname
Augustine Henry Shepperd, Congressional Representative from North Carolina
Robin Shepperd, British television director
Given name
Shepperd Strudwick, American actor of film, television and stage
William Shepperd Ashe, Democratic U.S. Congressman from North Carolina between 1849 and 1855
Other uses
Shepperd's Dell, a small canyon in the Columbia River Gorge in Oregon
Shephard
Surname
Ben Shephard, English television presenter
Ben Shephard (English historian)
Gary Shephard, former Welsh professional footballer
Geoffrey Colin Shephard, Mathematician
Gillian Shephard, Baroness Shephard of Northwold
Gordon Strachey Shephard Brigadier-General killed in action in 1918
Hale Horatio Shephard (1842–1921), British judge in India
Isaac F. Shephard, American Civil War officer
Michelle Shephard, Canadian journalist
Neil Shephard, British economist
Richard Shephard (1949–2021), British choral music composer
Ronald Shephard, American economist
Rupert Shephard, English artist
Sidney Shephard, British politician
Other uses
Shephard's lemma
Shephard's problem
Chevalley–Shephard–Todd theorem
Fictional Shephards
Adrian Shephard, character in the computer game Half-Life: Opposing Force
Christian Shephard, character on the television series Lost, father of Jack Shephard
Jack Shephard, character on the television series Lost
Sheppard
Surname
Alison Sheppard (born 1972), Scottish Olympic swimmer
Allen Sheppard, Baron Sheppard of Didgemere (born 1932), British industrialist
Andy Sheppard (born 1957), British jazz saxophonist and composer
Ashley Sheppard (born 1969), American football player
Austin Oke Sheppard (1844-1927), British colony of Newfoundland, 3rd generation lighthouse keeper, posts at Dodding Head, Fort Amherst and Cape Spear, grandfather of Robert Carl Sheppard
Bob Sheppard (1910–2010), American sports announcer
Bob Sheppard (musician) (born 1952), American jazz saxophonist
Barbara Bohannan-Sheppard (born 1950), American politician
Charles Bradford Sheppard, American radio and electrical engineer
Chris Sheppard (born 1981), Australian rugby player
Chris Sheppard (DJ), Jamaican-Canadian disc jockey and musician
Colin Sheppard, British engineering professor
Curtis Sheppard (born ), American boxer
David Sheppard
Dave Sheppard (1931–2000), American weightlifter and Olympic medalist
David Sheppard (1929–2005), English cricketer and bishop
David Sheppard (broadcaster) (born 1981), British radio presenter
Dick Sheppard (priest) (1880–1937), English clergyman and pacifist
Dick Sheppard (footballer) (1945–1998), English football goalkeeper
Eleanor P. Sheppard (1907–1991), American politician
Elizabeth Sheppard (1830–1862), British novelist
Emma Sheppard (1813-1871), English writer and workhouse reformer
Fleetwood Sheppard (1634–1698), British poet
Francis M. Sheppard (1868-1948) American politician
Gerrard Sheppard (born 1990), American football player
Harriet Sheppard (born circa 1783), Canadian botanist
Howard Sheppard (1933–2013), Canadian politician
Jack Sheppard (1702–1724), English criminal
Jack Sheppard (cave diver) (1909–2001), British cave diver
Jack Sheppard (cricketer) (born 1992), English cricketer
James Sheppard (born 1988), Canadian ice hockey player
Jason Sheppard (born 1978), American politician
Jeff Sheppard (born 1974), American professional and collegiate basketball player
John Sheppard (disambiguation), several people
Joseph Sheppard (born 1958), American actor
Kate Sheppard (1848–1934), New Zealand suffragette and civil rights campaigner
Kenny Wayne Shepherd (born 1977), American guitarist, singer, and songwriter
Kiki Shepard (born 1951), American television host
Lianne Sheppard, American statistician
Lil Gnar, (born as Caleb Sheppard 1996), American designer, rapper, and skateboarder
Lito Sheppard (born 1981), American football cornerback
Mark Sheppard (born 1964), English actor
Mel Sheppard (1883–1942), American athlete
Mike Sheppard (baseball) (born 1936), American college baseball coach
Mike Sheppard (American football) (born 1951), American football player and coach
Morris Sheppard (1875–1941), American Congressman and Senator
Moses Sheppard (1771–1857), American businessman and Quaker
Mubin Sheppard (1905–1994), Irish-born historian of Malaysian culture
Peter Sheppard Skærved (born 1966), British violinist
Philip Sheppard (1921–1976), British geneticist
R. Sheppard Marble and Stone Works of Toronto, Ontario was a monumental masonry firm active in nineteenth-century Ontario
Ray Sheppard (born 1966), Canadian ice hockey player
Revett Sheppard (1778-1830), British naturalist
Richard Sheppard (architect) (1910–1982), English architect
Rob Sheppard, American college baseball coach
Robert Carl Sheppard, MBE (1897-954), from the British colony of Newfoundland, WW1 veteran of the Battle of the Somme (Beaumont-Hamel, France), lighthouse keeper at Fort Amherst, NL and master mariner of two ships chartered for the British Antarctic expedition, Operation Tabarin.
Ronald G. Sheppard (born 1939), American politician
Sam Sheppard (1923–1970), American neurosurgeon
Samara Sheppard (born 1990), New Zealand mountain biker
Scott S. Sheppard (born 1976), American astronomer
Sheppard family (clothiers), family in Frome, Somerset since 1614
Sherri D. Sheppard (born 1956), American professor of mechanical engineering
Simon Sheppard (writer), American writer
Simon Sheppard (activist) (born 1957), British far-right activist
Simon Sheppard (footballer) (born 1973), English former goalkeeper
Stephen Lea Sheppard (born 1983), Canadian television and film actor
Thomas Sheppard (disambiguation), several people
T. G. Sheppard (born 1944), American country music singer
William Sheppard (disambiguation), several people
Given name
Sheppard Frere (1916–2015), British historian and archaeologist
Sheppard Homans Jr. (1871–1952), All-American football player and insurance executive
Sheppard J. Shreaves (1885–1968), dockmaster, shipwright and diver
Sheppard Solomon, American songwriter
Fictional Sheppards
John Sheppard (Stargate), lieutenant colonel in the United States Air Force played by Joe Flanigan in the television series Stargate Atlantis
James Sheppard, the narrator in The Murder of Roger Ackroyd by Agatha Christie
Bruno Sheppard, an antagonist in M.A.S.K. (TV series)
Principal Sheppard, a fictional character in Degrassi: The Next Generation
Shepard
Surname
Alan Shepard, American astronaut
Alexandra Shepard, Historian
Anna O. Shepard, American archaeologist
Bert Shepard, American WWII pilot & baseball player
Cecelia Shepard, victim of the Zodiac Killer
David Shepard (film preservationist)
David H. Shepard, American inventor
Dax Shepard, American actor, comedian, writer, and director
Elliott Fitch Shepard, American lawyer, banker, and newspaper editor
E. H. Shepard, British artist and illustrator
Edward M. Shepard, American lawyer and political reformer
Irene Shepard, American educator and politician
Jean Shepard (1933–2016), American honky tonk singer and songwriter
Jessica Shepard (born 1996), American basketball player
Joseph Shepard I (1765-1837), American born Canadian farmer and milita officer and namesake for Sheppard Avenue
Lorenzo B. Shepard, American lawyer and politician
Louis C. Shepard, American Civil War Medal of Honor recipient
Lucius Shepard, American science fiction and fantasy writer
Marshall L. Shepard, American politician
Mary Shepard, British illustrator
Matt Shepard (sportscaster), Detroit, Michigan TV sports commentator
Matthew Shepard, American victim of a hate crime
Norman Shepard, American college sports coach
Roger Shepard, American cognitive scientist
Sam Shepard (1943-2017), American playwright and actor
Sara Shepard, American author
Thomas Shepard (minister), Puritan minister in colonial America
Thomas Z. Shepard, American recording producer, composer, and conductor
Vonda Shepard, American singer
William Shepard, former U.S. Representative from Massachusetts
Given name
Shepard Broad, American banker and lawyer
Shepard Cary, U.S. Representative from Maine
Shepard Fairey, American artist
Shepard Smith, American TV anchor
Fictional Shepards
Commander Shepard, main character of the Mass Effect video games.
Tim Shepard, character from S.E. Hinton's novel The Outsiders. He has siblings Curly Shepard and Angela Shepard, featuring in Hinton's novel That Was Then, This Is Now
Shepard (comics), character in the Marvel Comics Universe
Director Jenny Shepard, character on the TV series NCIS
See also
General Shepherd (disambiguation)
Shepherd (disambiguation)
Shepard (disambiguation)
Sheppard (disambiguation)
Schappert
Schaefer
English-language surnames
Given names
Occupational surnames
Cacopsylla ulmi is an insect of the Psyllidae family. It mainly feeds on Elm. Cacopsylla ulmi is a widespread species in Europe, including Britain and the Balkans. Adults are 3.6–4.3 mm long. The head is 1–1.01 mm wide, with a vertex which is 0.5 mm wide and 0.24–0.28 mm long. The genal cones are laterally somewhat concave, and 0.25 mm long . Antennae are 1.89–2.0 mm. Forewings are 3.5 mm long and 1.4 mm wide.
References
Psyllidae
Insect vectors of plant pathogens
Herz-9 () is an Iranian, domestically built, mobile air defense system developed and unveiled in 2013.
Development
In May 2013, the Ministry of Defense of the Islamic Republic of Iran announced that it had launched the mass production of a new Air defense system, called Herz-9.
Description
According to Iran's Defense Minister Brigadier General Ahmad Vahidi, Herz-9 "can identify and target enemy helicopters, rockets, and fighter jets at low ranges and low altitudes of about 8-12 kilometers." He also said that "this mobile air defense system uses the most technologically advanced computer hardware and software and the latest navigation system available today."
References
Iran says producing new air defense missile bigstory.ap.org
Defense minister inaugurates Herz 9 protector air defense system production line irandailybrief.com
External links
Photos: Iran inaugurates mass-production of new air defence system ‘Herz 9' theiranproject.com
Surface-to-air missiles of Iran
Surface-to-air missiles
Guided missiles of Iran
Anguran and Angooran () may refer to one of several locations in Iran:
Anguran, Hormozgan
Anguran, Bashagard, Hormozgan Province
Anguran, Mazandaran
Anguran, Zanjan
Anguran District, in Zanjan Province
Anguran Rural District, in Zanjan Province
The 2012 Tour of Flanders was the 96th edition of the Tour of Flanders single-day "Monument" cycling race. It was held on 1 April 2012 over a distance of – between Bruges and Oudenaarde – and was the eighth race of the 2012 UCI World Tour season.
In a three-man sprint finish, the race was won by Belgian Tom Boonen, who in the process, became the fifth different rider to win the race three times, and took the lead of the overall World Tour standings. Boonen finished ahead of 's Filippo Pozzato and 2007 winner Alessandro Ballan of , who completed the podium.
Course change
The course of the classic was changed drastically. The finish was changed from Meerbeke to Oudenaarde due to the result of a changed parcours to the race. Famous hills like the Muur van Geraardsbergen and the Bosberg were the final two hills in almost every edition from 1975 but were removed from the course. The new final featured the Oude Kwaremont and Paterberg, both were climbed three times. Also included in the final were the infamous Koppenberg – climbed after the first passage of the Oude Kwaremont and Paterberg – as well as the Steenbeekdries and the Kluisberg.
2010 winner Fabian Cancellara stated in the Belgium TV show De Laatste Show that he liked the new route of the race. He said that he disliked the dead moment from Tenbosse until the Muur in the old route and also the flat kilometres after the Bosberg until the finish. While Cancellara liked the new route, some riders expressed negative feelings about the new route. Two-time winner Stijn Devolder stated that: "This is no longer the Ronde van Vlaanderen". Former Belgian cyclist and three-time winner Johan Museeuw stated that the course was potentially made too hard: "Three times up the Oude Kwaremont and Paterberg can blow you away. The course didn't really need to be made harder, I think."
Many cycling fans, especially those in Belgium, also expressed against the changes in the route and thinking that the changes were made for commercial reasons. The omission of the Muur was not received well by the fans and was like "removing the Poggio from Milan–San Remo. The "Muur" was included in the first World Tour E3 Harelbeke in 2012.
Hills in the 2012 edition
Participating teams
As the Tour of Flanders was a UCI World Tour event, all 18 UCI ProTeams were invited automatically and obligated to send a squad. Seven other squads were given wildcard places into the race, and as such, formed the event's 25-team peloton.
The 25 teams that competed in the race were:
Race summary
Two main favourites were named before the race, 2005 and 2006 winner Tom Boonen and 2010 winner Fabian Cancellara, with outsiders including Matti Breschel, Sylvain Chavanel, Peter Sagan, Filippo Pozzato and Sep Vanmarcke.
A group of 15 riders, including amongst others Tyler Farrar, Pablo Lastras and Maarten Tjallingii, formed the early breakaway, but due to the size of the group there were not allowed to gain more than five minutes over the peloton.
In the peloton, the first attacks came during the first ascent of the Oude Kwaremont after about , eliminating some of the lesser riders, but still leaving a big group chasing the leaders. But the first major event happened some later, as Cancellara crashed out of the race, fracturing his collar bone in four places.
At the start of the second ascent of the Paterberg, several riders crashed in the first part of the peloton, allowing a very select group of riders to take some advantage over the rest of the peloton. This elite group, which amongst others contained Boonen, Niki Terpstra, Chavanel, Sagan, Vanmarcke, Pozzato, Alessandro Ballan, Luca Paolini and Vincent Jérôme, raced past the remainder of the breakaway group and at that point seemed to be battling it out for the win. However, the riders stopped cooperating and in the peloton chased hard in an attempt to bring Edvald Boasson Hagen back to the lead group, succeeding just before the third ascent of the Oude Kwaremont. During this ascent, Ballan raced away from the pack, only to be caught a few minutes later by Pozzato and Boonen.
Ballan, Boonen and Pozzato climbed the final ascent of the Paterberg together and despite numerous attempts by Ballan to get away from the other two, the three riders contested the sprint for the victory. In Oudenaarde, Boonen outsprinted Pozzato by one bike-length at the line, with Ballan taking third place. In a group of 43 riders finishing within one minute of the three leaders, Greg Van Avermaet finished in fourth place, edging out Sagan in fifth. were represented three times within the top ten; along with Boonen's win, Terpstra and Chavanel also placed highly.
General standings
References
External links
Race website
2012 in Belgian sport
Tour of Flanders
2012
Kishcha (; Dargwa: Кӏиша) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Kishchinsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 3,030 as of 2010. There are 23 streets.
Geography
Kishcha is located 7 km northwest of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Meusisha and Kharbuk are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
On 31 December 2018 and 1 January 2019, a car was intentionally driven into crowds of people in the cities of Bottrop and Essen in Germany, injuring ten people. First media reports suspected a terrorist background. Later, the perpetrator was admitted to psychiatry and a surveyor certified that he is probably not guilty by reason of mental disease.
According to the judgment of the court of December 2019, the act had no xenophobic or terrorist background, but was triggered by an acute episode of paranoid schizophrenia.
Attack
On New Year's Eve, a 50-year-old attacker tried to hit a person with his car in Bottrop, but the man was able to avoid the vehicle. Minutes later, the man drove his car into a crowd of people at the Berliner Platz in Bottrop, injuring two men from Syria and Afghanistan, along with a woman and a child. In Essen, the man tried again to drive into a crowd of people who were waiting for a bus. Police stopped the man on the Rabenhorst street. Upon his arrest, the man reportedly expressed xenophobic and racist motives. The attacker is reported to have schizophrenia.
Reaction
Herbert Reul, Minister of the Interior of North Rhine-Westphalia said about the attack, that the perpetrator "wanted to kill people of foreign heritage."
Victims
In total, the perpetrator injured eight people, four of whom are a family from Syria, composed by two daughters aged 16 and 27 and the 48-year-old father who were slightly injured, and the 46-year-old mother who was critically injured and was operated. In addition, a 10-years-old boy also from Syria, a child of four years and a 29-years-old woman from Afghanistan were also hit and injured. The nationality and age of the eighth victim is unknown.
See also
List of amok cases in Germany
References
2018 road incidents
2019 road incidents
2018 in Germany
2019 in Germany
2010s in North Rhine-Westphalia
Attacks during the New Year celebrations
Attacks in Europe in 2018
Attacks in Europe in 2019
Bottrop
December 2018 crimes in Europe
Essen
January 2019 crimes in Europe
Vehicular rampage in Germany
2018 crimes in Germany
2019 crimes in Germany
The 1915 Giro di Lombardia was the eleventh edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 7 November 1915, over a course of . The race was won by Italian Gaetano Belloni, who reached the finish line at an average speed of , preceding his compatriots, and .
117 cyclists (of 164 signed up) departed from Milan and 55 completed the race.
General classification
References
1915
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
Sticker grass is a common name which may refer to bur-producing plants including:
Various species of genus Cenchrus
Various species of genus Soliva
Tribulus terrestris
Blackhoof Creek is a stream located entirely within Auglaize County, Ohio. The long stream is a tributary of the Auglaize River.
Blackhoof Creek was named after Black Hoof, a Shawnee Indian chief.
See also
List of rivers of Ohio
References
Rivers of Auglaize County, Ohio
Rivers of Ohio
Restigouche-La-Vallée was a provincial electoral district in New Brunswick, Canada.
It was created in 2006 as a result of a merger of the old district of Madawaska-la-Vallée with the district of Restigouche West, less small portions on the extreme edges of both districts.
History
The district was first used in the 2006 provincial general election and featured a battle of incumbents. Percy Mockler, the Progressive Conservative MLA from Madawaska-la-Vallée defeated Burt Paulin, the Liberal MLA from Restigouche West.
On December 18, 2008, Percy Mockler was appointed to the Senate of Canada on the advice of Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper. As a result, a by-election was to be called no later than May 2009.
Premier of New Brunswick Shawn Graham called the by-election on February 6, 2009, and the vote was held March 9, 2009. The Progressive Conservative candidate was Jean-Paul Soucy, the only one to come forward and a former aide to Mockler, and the Liberal candidate was former Restigouche West MLA Burt Paulin. The NDP candidate was Alain Martel.
One local campaign issue concerned whether and how much government should support the forestry company J. D. Irving. Former PC leader and nearby MLA Jeannot Volpé criticized the Liberal government for being too supportive of the company, which is a major employer in the riding of Restigouche-La Vallée. Conservative candidate Jean-Paul Soucy indicated that he disagreed with Volpé's position, while Liberal candidate Burt Paulin said he was surprised that Volpé would criticize one of the largest employers in the region.
Members of the Legislative Assembly
Election results
References
External links
Website of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick
Map of Restigouche-La-Vallée as of 2010 from Elections NB
Former provincial electoral districts of New Brunswick
Tumerepedes is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae, endemic to the Afrotropical realm. It consists of only one species, Tumerepedes flava, the Nigerian buff, which is found in northern Nigeria. The habitat consists of riverine forests.
References
Poritiinae
Monotypic butterfly genera
Taxa named by George Thomas Bethune-Baker
Lycaenidae genera
The men's 100m backstroke events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June.
Medalists
Results
S1
S2
S6
Final
Five swimmers from five nations took part.
S7
Final
Seven swimmers from six nations took part.
S8
Heats
11 swimmers from nine nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 132 June 2022.
S9
S10
S11
S12
Final
Five swimmers from five nations took part.
S13
Final
Eight swimmers from seven nations took part.
S14
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
Siljevica (Serbian Cyrillic: Сиљевица) is a village in Šumadija and Western Serbia (Šumadija), in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač), lying at , at the elevation of 470 m. According to the 2002 census, the village had 165 citizens.
External links
Levac Online
Article about Siljevica
Pictures from Siljevica
Populated places in Pomoravlje District
Šumadija
The sixth season of the hit Pakistani music television series Coke Studio was premiered on 27 October 2013.
Rohail Hyatt and Umber Hyatt continued as producers of the show. Among the houseband, Louis 'Gumby' Pinto & Jaffer Ali Zaidi returned to the show on drums and keyboards respectively after their absence from last season. Other members included Asad Ahmed on guitar, Babar Ali Khanna on dholak, Kamran ‘Mannu' Zafar on bass, Sikandar Mufti on percussions and drums, Omran Shafique on guitar, Zoe Viccaji and Rachel Viccaji on backing vocals The houseband also featured international musicians for the first time in show's history, from countries like Italy, Serbia, Nepal, Turkey, Bangladesh, Morocco and Norway.
Artists
The sixth season saw a return of artists like Atif Aslam, Ali Azmat, Zeb & Haniya, Sanam Marvi and Saieen Zahoor. This season marked the first time for foreign artists to be featured on the show, with the likes of Sweden-based Balochi singer Rostam Mirlashari and Turkish singer Sumru Ağıryürüyen.
Featured Artists
Abrar-ul-Haq
Alamgir
Ali Azmat
Asad Abbas
Atif Aslam
Ayesha Omer
Fariha Pervez
Muazzam Ali Khan
Rostam Mirlashari
Rustam Fateh Ali Khan
Saieen Zahoor
Sanam Marvi
Sumru Ağıryürüyen
Umair Jaswal
Zara Madani
Zeb & Haniya
Zoe Viccaji
Backing Vocals
Rachel Viccaji
Zoe Viccaji
Musicians
Episodes
The webcast of sixth season began airing on 20 October 2013 and concluded on 5 January 2013. The season featured 2 singles as season opener and 5 episodes, making a total of 20 songs.
All songs were arranged and produced by Rohail Hyatt. The show was produced at Rohail Hyatt's production company Frequency Media Pvt. Ltd and distributed by Coca-Cola Pakistan.
References
External links
Season06
2013 Pakistani television seasons
The 2003 Swale Borough Council election took place on 1 May 2003 to elect members of Swale Borough Council in Kent, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Conservative Party stayed in overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was:
Conservative 25
Labour 11
Liberal Democrats 11
Election result
Ward results
References
2003
2003 English local elections
2000s in Kent
Cerro Morado is a monogenetic volcanic field, in Argentina. It is part of a group of mafic volcanic centres in the Altiplano-Puna region, which is dominated by silicic rocks such as dacitic - rhyolitic rocks.
The field was formed during eruptions 6.4 million years ago which probably lasted from half a year to several years. These eruptions formed scoria cones and a plateau of lava flows.
Geology and geography
The Cerro Morado volcanic field is located in northwestern Argentina, in the Jujuy Province. The town of is located within the volcanic field. The frontier with Chile lies approximately west of the volcanic field.
The Altiplano and the adjacent southern Puna has experienced mafic volcanism during the Cenozoic. Most of this volcanism occurred in the southern segment, but the northern segment has also experienced mafic volcanism mostly associated with major volcanic centres and smaller volcanic fields such as Cerro Morado and Cerro Bitiche. Mafic lava flows however tend to constitute the minority of volcanic rocks in this region; the bulk of the volcanic rocks are dacitic-rhyolitic in composition. Present day volcanism occurs in the volcanic arc called the Central Volcanic Zone approximately farther west. The basement in the Cerro Morado area is formed by Ordovician rock formations and older lava flows of the Pairique volcanic complex and the Patahuasi flows. Volcanism in the area has been influenced by faults.
The field covers a surface area of , alternatively stated as . Eight scoria cones form the volcanic field, but there may be more. With exceptions erosion has buried their bases. Layered deposits containing ash, lava bombs and lapilli are found around them. These cones are frequently aligned and an average diameter of and the heights range . Other structures associated with the cones are clastogenic lava flows and eroded pyroclastic mounds, as well as dykes that cut the cones.
The volcanic field is dominated by a plateau made of lobate lava flows, typically having thicknesses of . The lava flows contain folding and flow structures. Various layers of lava flows lie on top of each other and on the basement, and pyroclastic deposits can also be found. The volcanic field has a north-south extension.
The volcano has erupted andesite and basaltic andesite. Most cones are constructed from basaltic andesite, most lava flow lithofacies are andesitic. The andesites have a dark-blue to gray colour, with variable amounts of vesicles. Minerals found in the rocks include bytownite, clinopyroxene, iron-titanium oxides, labradorite, orthopyroxene and plagioclase. Olivine is more common in the basaltic andesite than the andesite. Overall, the composition is potassium-rich calc-alkaline. Xenoliths of quartz are contained in the andesite. Some of the rocks that form the cones are hydrothermally altered.
The volcanic field was formed during the Upper Miocene. Dates of 6.7 ± 0.4 million years ago have been obtained. The field was formed by energetic effusive eruptions; lava supply rates of up to and an emplacement time of 84-18 months for the northern and 48-7 months for the southern parts of the field have been estimated. The field was probably formed by Strombolian eruptions accompanied by lava fountaining. Magma was transported along fractures and faults, resulting in the eruption of several different batches of magma without long stalling in the upper crust.
References
Sources
Miocene volcanism
Pliocene volcanism
Volcanic fields
Volcanoes of Argentina
Unleashed is the second studio album by American rapper Hurricane Chris. It was released on December 21, 2009, by Polo Grounds Music and J Records. This record would later be his final studio release with Polo Grounds and J Records. Recording sessions took place from 2008 to 2009, featuring the executive production from Hurricane Chris himself, alongside Bryan Leach and Anthony Murray. Aside from the executive production, the album features the production from Play-N-Skillz, Shawty Redd and Fiend, among others.
The album was supported by two singles: "Halle Berry (She's Fine)" featuring Superstarr, and "Headboard" featuring Mario and Plies, which both of these singles did not have success on the music charts. Upon its release, the album received mixed or average reviews from critics. Unleashed did not chart internationally, however, it reached at number 46 on the US Billboards R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and number 20 on the US Billboards Top Rap Albums charts, respectively.
Singles
The album's lead single, called "Halle Berry (She's Fine)", was released on April 15, 2009. The song features guest vocals from a fellow local rapper Superstarr; who later serves its production, along with the duo Play-N-Skillz and Q Smith on this track.
The album's second and final single, called "Headboard" was released on September 4, 2009. The song features guest vocals from American R&B singer-songwriter Mario and fellow American rapper Plies, with production by The Inkredibles.
Reception
Commercial performance
In the United States, Unleashed peaked at number 46 on the Billboards R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and number 20 on the Billboards Top Rap Albums charts. It did not chart internationally.
Critical response
Unleashed received mixed or average reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 54, based on 4 reviews, which indicates "mixed or average reviews". David Jeffries of Allmusic gave the album three out of five stars. The New York Times''' Jon Caramanica gave an unfavorable review. Rolling Stone gave the album two out of five stars. Steve Juon of RapReviews.com gave the highest rated review, seven out of ten stars.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits for Unleashed'' adapted from Allmusic.
Oluwaseyi Agdeh – composer
J. Allen – engineer
Jeremy Allen – composer
Mimi Armstrong – grooming
Blade – engineer, producer
Anita Marisa Boriboon – art direction
Brandon Bowles – composer
Ralph Cacciurri – engineer
Chris Carmouche – mixing
Maurice Carpenter – composer
Kevin Cossom – composer
Kenny "Kennymixx" Daniels – mastering
Anthony Davis – composer
Rick De Verona – engineer
Scorp Dezel – producer
Christopher Dooley – composer, executive producer
Leigh Elliott – composer
Scott Eraas – engineer
Fiend – producer
Pablo "Tonton" Gho – engineer
John "Say" Gillard – engineer
The Inkredibles – producer
Amy Johnson – A&R, production coordination
Raphael Johnson – composer, producer
Richard Jones – composer
Fallon King – composer
Felisha King – composer
Bryan Leach – executive producer
Eddie Mix – engineer
Johnny Mollings – composer
Lenny Mollings – composer
Mouse – producer
Anthony Murray – executive producer
Isis Nicholson – vocals
Jamaal Parker – composer
Shanieke Peru – stylist
Phunk Dawg – producer
Play – engineer
Play N Skillz – producer
Ari Raskin – engineer
Rodney Richard – composer
Rodnae – producer
Ray Seay – mixing
Derrick Selby – engineer
Shawty Redd – producer
Makeda Smith – A&R, production coordination
Q. Smith – producer
Demetrius Stewart – composer
Superstarr – producer
Don Vito – producer
Miles Walker – engineer
Algernod Washington – composer
Earl Williams – composer
Robert Wilson – composer
Zach Wolfe – photography
Shah Wonders – illustrations
Rodney Young – composer
Charts
References
2009 albums
J Records albums
Hurricane Chris (rapper) albums
Albums produced by Shawty Redd
Albums produced by the Inkredibles
Leland Mosley Hawes Jr. (June 18, 1929 – May 18, 2013) was an American newspaper reporter for the Tampa Tribune. He had a long tenure at the paper and was involved in various projects after leaving the paper, including serving on the committee that selected the first six historical figures to be immortalized in bronze busts along the Tampa Riverwalk. The Hillsborough County Bar Association awarded him with its Liberty Bell Award in 1989.
Hawes was born in Tampa on June 18, 1929. He graduated from Plant High School and the University of Florida. He began working at the Tampa Times in 1950 and joined the Tampa Tribune in 1952
His tenure at the Tribune included 20 years as writer and editor of the "History & Heritage" section of the Sunday edition. He collaborated on the production of a book of W. Paul Cook's stories. He was a long time hobbyist at amateur journalism since he was 12, the age in which he printed his own neighborhood newspaper. He also published two private journals as an adult.
The Tampa Bay History Center and the University of South Florida established the Leland Hawes Prize, a juried essay competition for graduate and undergraduate students in the humanities. He served for many years as a trustee of the Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings Society, an organization dedicated to promoting the work of Florida's emblematic novelist.
He conducted an interview with the University of Florida in 2002.
References
1929 births
American newspaper reporters and correspondents
American newspaper editors
2013 deaths
Writers from Tampa, Florida
20th-century American journalists
American male journalists
Richard Cullen may refer to:
Richard Cullen (artist) (born 1970), British animator, designer and director, married to Darren Hayes, previously of Savage Garden
Richard Cullen (attorney) (born 1948), former Attorney General of Virginia and U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia
Walther Fischer von Weikersthal (15 September 1890 – 11 February 1953) was a German general in the German Army during World War II. A career officer who also served in the Army of Württemberg in World War I and the Weimar Republic's Reichswehr, Weikersthal was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
During Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union, and the Battle of Moscow, Weikersthal was implicated in war crimes, including approvals for the execution of hostages, the burning of villages, and public hangings of alleged partisans. He was dismissed from command in late December 1941, during the Soviet winter counter-offensive, for disobeying Hitler's "no-retreat" order.
Early life and World War I
Weikersthal was born in 1890 to an aristocratic family, the son of a captain in the Army of Württemberg. He attended Gymnasium in Rottweil and Stuttgart, then entered the 1. Württembergisches Grenadier-Regiment in 1909.
Weikersthal served on both fronts in World War I, including sixteen months on the Western Front and nine months on the Eastern Front (from December 1914 to September 1915). He was wounded in France in September 1914. Fighting in the 26th Infantry Division, he served in Poland before his division was transferred to Serbia. As general staff officer of XIII Army Corps, he assisted with secretive troop demobilizations in autumn 1918.
World War II
Under the Nazi regime, Weikersthal supported Adolf Hitler's opposition to the Treaty of Versailles and his promises of military rearmament. His family later recounted that his first impressions of the Nazis were "very positive." Shortly before the 1938 annexation of Austria, Weikersthal was promoted to the rank of general.
In October 1940, Weikersthal was appointed commander of the 35th Infantry Division, which was earmarked for Operation Barbarossa, the German invasion of the Soviet Union. Before the invasion, the German military's Supreme Command issued the Commissar Order on 6 June 1941, ordering the Wehrmacht to summarily execute captured Soviet political officers. While Freiherr von Welck claims that Weikersthal "expressly forbade the passing of this order down to [his] troops", the division shot three commissars by the end of its first week of combat in Barbarossa.
Weikersthal's 35th Division fought in the battles of Białystok–Minsk, Smolensk, and Vyazma, the three major battles of encirclement on the Eastern Front, in which German forces captured over 1.2 million Soviet prisoners. At Smolensk, Weikersthal was awarded the Knight's Cross. In intense fighting against determined Soviet troops, the German military became increasingly brutalized; a "no-prisoners mentality" became predominant among the 35th Division, which executed Red Army prisoners and shot Jews in reprisals. David Wildermuth notes that Weikersthal's position on prisoner executions was one of "silent acquiescence," and his stance on the murder of Soviet Jews "[lay] between silent acquiescence and undocumented approval."
At the same time, Weikersthal attempted to curb the forced requisitioning by his troops, concerned about maintaining the public image of the German military "as the representative of Anti-bolshevism." Still, although he urged the "correct and respectful comportment" of his troops towards Soviet POWs and civilians, incidents of looting, rape, and violence against the populace were widespread in the Ninth Army by August.
From August to September, the 35th Division was situated in the Wassiljewa region while it prepared for Operation Typhoon. Seeking to cultivate an ally in the Soviet populace against the partisans, Weikersthal forbade the plundering of the civilian population and provided sufficient food for them. When the Ninth Army on 10 September ordered the summary executions of partisans and hostage-taking, Weikersthal emphasized that "every hostile action toward the German army and its facilities will be punishable without exception with death," but also encouraged rewards for civilian collaborators. Even still, the residents of Wassiljewa remained the targets of German requisitions, and Weikersthal approved the execution of hostages, the burning of Bielica, and the November public hanging of eight alleged partisans in Wolokolamsk.
On 1 December Weikersthal was promoted to General der Infanterie. Additionally, he was given command of LIII Corps, part of Heinz Guderian's Second Panzer Army under Army Group Center. By December, his units were exhausted from the severe cold and attrition. While Hitler urged his military to stand fast against Soviet counterattacks, Weikersthal was forced to pull his depleted units back, reserving the right to "act as my conscience dictates" and resign if necessary. Retreating across the Oka River, Weikersthal ordered a scorched-earth policy of destroying "all structures that could be possibly used for shelter."
When Guderian was dismissed on 26 December, after disobeying Hitler's no-retreat order, Rudolf Schmidt was promoted to command Second Panzer Army. Schmidt soon ordered the retreat of Weikersthal's units from Kosjolsk, but the Second Panzer Army command soon insisted that "not one foot of ground should be surrendered." Weikersthal attempted to improve morale and discipline by forming squads to punish deserters, but his control over the tactical situation was beginning to erode as Schmidt gained control over his forces. In January 1942, Weikersthal insisted to Schmidt that counterattacks to restore the German lines were unfeasible due to a lack of reinforcements, and that "abandoning... some present positions" might be necessary. However, this led to a direct order from Hitler for LIII Corps to hold its positions "to the last moment." When Weikersthal ordered some of his units under pressure to retreat, leading to another argument between LIII Corps and Second Panzer Army, he was relieved of command on 25 January and placed in the Führerreserve, under the guise of health problems.
From the end of April 1942 to mid-June 1942, he was mentioned as commander of Höheres Kommando z.b.V. XXXIII in Central Norway. In September 1942, he was appointed commanding general of the LXVII Reserve Army Corps in Brussels. He led this general command, also after the renaming into LXVII Army Corps in January 1944, until the summer of 1944. Then he was again transferred to the Führer Reserve. In March 1945 he was reappointed, now as commanding general of the Higher Command Oberrhein.
Weikersthal was released from American custody in 1947, and died in 1953.
Awards
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 6 August 1941 as Generalleutnant and commander of 35. Infanterie-Division
References
Citations
Bibliography
1890 births
1953 deaths
Military personnel from Stuttgart
Generals of Infantry (Wehrmacht)
People from the Kingdom of Württemberg
German Army personnel of World War I
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the United States
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
Military personnel of Württemberg
Reichswehr personnel
is a Japanese football coach who is the manager of the Myanmar women's national football team.
Coaching career
Coaching a host of teams in his native Japan and retiring as a player aged 28, Yoshinori was chosen to manage the Myanmar women's national football team in 2011, leading them at the 2011 AFF Women's Championship.
Leading Myanmar to a 5–0 win over Laos in the opening fixture of the 2013 AFF Women's Championship and guiding them to the semi-final of the tournament, Yoshinori claimed the 2013 Women's AFF Coach of the Year Award. He helped Myanmar qualify for the 2014 Asian Cup through an unbeaten record in the qualifying stage where they conceded zero goals. He cited teamwork to their success.
He submitted a complaint to the Asian Football Confederation for the reportedly poor officiating of Indian referee Maria Rebello in a 2–2 draw with Thailand at the semi-final of the 2013 SEA Games.
He left the post of the coach of Myanmar in December 2019.
References
1961 births
Sportspeople from Fukushima Prefecture
Expatriate football managers in Myanmar
Japanese footballers
Japanese football managers
Living people
Association footballers not categorized by position
Poor man's copyright is a method of using registered dating by the postal service, a notary public or other highly trusted source to date intellectual property, thereby helping to establish that the material has been in one's possession since a particular time. The concept is based on the notion that, in the event that such intellectual property were to be misused by a third party, the poor-man's copyright would at least establish a legally recognized date of possession before any proof which a third party may possess.
In countries with no central copyright registration authority, it can be difficult for an author to prove when their work was created. The United Kingdom Patent Office says this:
... a copy could be deposited with a bank or solicitor. Alternatively, a creator could send himself or herself a copy by special delivery post (which gives a clear date stamp on the envelope), leaving the envelope unopened on its return. A number of private companies operate unofficial registers, but it would be sensible to check carefully what you will be paying for before choosing this route.
It is important to note, that this does not prove that a work is original or created by you...
There is no provision in US copyright law regarding any such type of protection. Poor man's copyright is therefore not a substitute for registration. According to section 101 of the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976 (17 U.S.C. 408), registration of a work with the Copyright Office is not a prerequisite for copyright protection. Furthermore, Eric Goldman has noted that there is an absence of cases actually giving any value to the poor man's copyright.
See also
Copyright registration
Soleau envelope
References
External links
US Copyright Office
Canadian Intellectual Property Office
UK Intellectual Property Office
10 Common Copyright Myths - UK Copyright Service
Authentication methods
Copyright law
Postal systems
Nathan Pretty (born 7 July 1973) is an Australian racecar driver.
Career
He first rose to prominence racing AUSCAR Superspeedway sedans (a Holden Commodore), becoming rookie of the year in his initial season in 1994. His family based race team built a V8 Supercar Commodore in 1998 racing with his sister Nicole at the 1998 FAI 1000. After racing as a privateer Pretty increasing gained more prestigious drives with other V8 Supercar teams and was a favourite of the factory supported teams, Holden Racing Team and K-mart Racing Team.
Pretty was part of the Garry Rogers Motorsport team that won the 2002 Bathurst 24 Hour driving alongside regular GRM driver Garth Tander, Steven Richards and Cameron McConville driving the controversial #427, 7.0 litre Holden Monaro 427C. Out of that win Pretty gained a full-time drive in 2003 in the 24 Hour winning Monaro in the Australian Nations Cup Championship. Pretty finished 3rd in the 2003 Australian Nations Cup Championship which included round wins at Symmons Plains Raceway in Tasmania and a surprise win at the tight Winton Motor Raceway in rural Victoria. In the 2003 championship he was joined as a teammate by legendary racer Peter Brock who was making a full-time comeback to racing after having initially retired at the end of 1997. Following the championship, Pretty and his 2002 co-drivers went on to finish 2nd in the 2003 Bathurst 24 Hour race, finishing less than a second behind their teammates Brock, Greg Murphy, Jason Bright and Todd Kelly in the second team Monaro.
Brock formed his own team to run Monaro's for himself and his son James in the 2004 Australian Nations Cup Championship while Pretty remained with Garry Rogers, running the original Bathurst 24 Hour Monaro. Pretty would finish the 2004 championship as runner-up to the V12 Lamborghini Diablo GTR of defending series champion Paul Stokell. Along the way Pretty would set the class lap record at the Sandown Raceway. This would be the final year of the Nations Cup Championship as series owner Ross Palmer would be forced to close Procar Australia. This also forced the cancellation of the Bathurst 24 Hour race.
After spending 2005 largely on the sidelines, Pretty raced for Robert Smith's team in the 2006 Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series. Kelly spent three years at Perkins Engineering racing at Bathurst and racing the teams Commodore station wagon at the Bathurst 12 Hour. Pretty returned to full-time racing in 2011 in the V8 Utes series where he has been instantly competitive. In 2015, he raced in the Stadium Super Trucks at the Adelaide 500.
Pretty occasionally goes by the non-de-plume of Randy Corners where he parodies motor racing culture and racing drivers.
Career results
Results sourced from Driver Database.
Bathurst 1000
Bathurst 24 Hour
Stadium Super Trucks
(key) (Bold – Pole position. Italics – The Fastest qualifier. * – Most laps led.)
References
External links
http://www.monsterenergy.com/au/en/athletes/nathan-pretty-2/
1973 births
Supercars Championship drivers
Stadium Super Trucks drivers
Living people
People from Albury, New South Wales
Racing drivers from New South Wales
Kelly Racing drivers
Garry Rogers Motorsport drivers
Black Forest School or Old Log School of Black Forest is a historic school in Black Forest, Colorado. It is a National Register of Historic Places listing and is one of the schools on a multiple submission of "Rural School Buildings in Colorado" for the Colorado State Register of Historic Properties.
Between 1922 and 1945 the building was used as a school house, church and community center building. The school closed in 1945. It was a residence for a county worker and his family from 1947 to 1977. The Friends of the Black Forest Log School was formed to save and restore the building. By 2000, the restoration of the school house was completed and, it is now used for community activities and tours.
History
School house
The one-room school house was built in 1920-1921 by Black Forest community residents, who also provided the land and building materials. It was the first public building in the Black Forest area. The building, 32 by 22 feet, was constructed with Ponderosa logs. The schoolroom was heated by a coal burning stove with a red brick chimney. It had a well and an outhouse. Children were taught the first to eighth grades beginning in the fall of 1922. In addition to education of children, the building was also used as a church on Sundays, a summer Bible school for children in the summer, and for other events. In 1925, an addition was added to the front of the building for a cloakroom and to store coal. The school closed in 1945 and was consolidated with other rural schools, such as the Forest View School which was 5 miles to the southeast of the Black Forest School.
Residence
From 1947 to 1977 the school house was the residence of a man who worked for the county road commission and his family. In 1947, the building was converted to a 2 bedroom home with a living room and kitchen. Electricity was brought into the home, a septic system was added and a new well was dug for the home. Indoor plumbing was installed in one side of the addition in 1951, and a utility room was added to the other side in 1975. The property was abandoned by the county in 1981.
Restoration
After the school house had been abandoned, the volunteer Friends of the Black Forest Log School began work to have the school restored. In 1992, they submitted an application to the National Register of Historic Places. Community residents volunteered time and donated monies to restore the school. Boy scouts replaced chinking and stained the logs. The Colorado Historical Fund provided funds for much of the major renovation work. It took 2 years to complete the work on the interior. Some of the original structure remains, such as all but 2 of the original logs and the wooden floor. A new foundation was built to solve a drainage problem. The school house was restored by 2000 with a pot-bellied stove, chalkboard, desks, coal, toys and school supplies. The school house is used for community activities, such as "pot lucks, story times and holiday events." Tours are given by the Friends of the Black Forest Log School from 12 to 3 on Thursdays in the summer.
The Friends of the Black Forest Log School was incorporated in 2009.
Anniversary celebration
In 2012, a 90th anniversary celebration was held during the summer. The building had several public openings and celebrations, including games of hopscotch, tug of war and jump rope.
Other log buildings
Near the school house are other log buildings, including a Black Forest store built in the late 1920s, a Community Hall completed in 1929, and a log church completed in 1940.
Notes
References
External links
Black Forest Log School (official site)
Black Forest School photograph, Denver Library
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Buildings and structures in Colorado Springs, Colorado
Log buildings and structures in Colorado
One-room schoolhouses in Colorado
Colorado State Register of Historic Properties
National Register of Historic Places in Colorado Springs, Colorado
School buildings completed in 1921
1921 establishments in Colorado
The 1935 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the eighth staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Tipperary entered the championship as the defending champions in search of a fourth successive title.
On 1 September 1935 Kilkenny won the championship following a 4-2 to 3-3 defeat of Tipperary in the All-Ireland final. This was their second All-Ireland and their first in four championship seasons.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Kilkenny became the second team to win more than one All-Ireland title.
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
The Suburban Christian Conference was a system of Christian schools in Chicago's suburbs organized to compete against each other athletically.
History
Formerly called the Suburban Catholic Conference, the conference changed its name to the Suburban Christian Conference in 2009 and include four new schools, three of which are from the disbanding Private School League.
During the 2013-2014, seven members decided to move to the Metro Suburban Conference, effective during the 2014-2015 academic year. The remaining five high schools moved to either the Chicago Catholic League or the East Suburban Catholic Conference, effectively ended the SCC's run as one of Illinois' premier non-public athletic conferences.
Member schools
Marian Central Catholic High School, Woodstock IL
Aurora Central Catholic High School, Aurora, IL
Aurora Christian High School, Aurora, IL
Guerin College Preparatory High School, River Grove, IL
IC Catholic Prep, Elmhurst, IL
Montini Catholic High School, Lombard, IL
Rosary High School, Aurora, IL
St. Francis High School, Wheaton, IL
St. Edward Central Catholic High School (Elgin, Illinois)
Walther Lutheran High School, Melrose Park, IL (entering in 2010-2011 season)
Wheaton Academy, West Chicago, IL (entering in 2009-2010 season)
Former members
Driscoll Catholic High School, Addison, IL (closed after the 2008-2009 season)
References
External links
Suburban Catholic Conference on Illinois High School Football Weekly
High school sports conferences and leagues in the United States
Illinois high school sports conferences
High school sports in Illinois
Christian sports organizations
The fourth season of the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants, created by former marine biologist and animator Stephen Hillenburg, aired on Nickelodeon from May 6, 2005, to July 24, 2007, and contained 20 half-hour episodes. The series chronicles the exploits and adventures of the title character and his various friends in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom. The season was executive produced by series creator Hillenburg, while writer Paul Tibbitt acted as the supervising producer and showrunner. The show underwent a hiatus on television as Hillenburg halted the production in 2002 to work on the film adaptation of the series, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. Once the film was finalized and the previous season had completed broadcast on television, Hillenburg wanted to end the show, but the success of the series led to more episodes, so Tibbitt took over Hillenburg's position as showrunner and began working on a fourth season for broadcast in 2005. Hillenburg remained with the show, but in a smaller advisory role in which he reviewed each episode and offered suggestions to the show's production crew.
The show itself received some recognition, including the three Kids' Choice Awards for Favorite Cartoon from 2005 to 2007. "Fear of a Krabby Patty" and "Shell of a Man" were nominated at the 57th Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Animated Program (for Programming Less Than One Hour). It also received a nomination for "Bummer Vacation" and "Wigstruck" at the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards for the same category.
Several compilation DVDs that contained episodes from the season were released. The SpongeBob SquarePants: Season 4, Volume 1 and 2 DVDs were released in Region 1 on September 12, 2006, and January 9, 2007, respectively, while the complete set was released in Region 2 on November 3, 2008, and Region 4 on November 7, 2008. The second volume was released in Region 1 before several episodes aired in the United States. On November 13, 2012, The Complete Fourth Season DVD was released in Region 1.
Production
The season aired on Nickelodeon, which is owned by Viacom, and was produced by United Plankton Pictures and Nickelodeon Animation Studio. The season's executive producer was series creator Stephen Hillenburg. In 2002, Hillenburg and the show's staff members decided to stop making episodes to work on the 2004 film The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, after completing the third season. As a result, the show went into a two-year "self-imposed" production hiatus. During the break on television, Nickelodeon expanded the programming for the third season to cover the delay, however, according to network executive Eric Coleman, "there certainly was a delay and a built-up demand." Nickelodeon announced nine "as-yet-unaired" episodes would be shown during the break.
Once the production on the film was completed, Hillenburg wanted to end the series "so the show wouldn't jump the shark", but Nickelodeon wanted to produce more episodes. Hillenburg said "Well, there was concern when we did the movie [in 2004] that the show had peaked. There were concerns among executives at Nickelodeon." Hillenburg resigned as the series' showrunner, and appointed Paul Tibbitt, who previously served as a writer, director, and storyboard artist of the show, to overtake the role. Hillenburg considered Tibbitt one of his favorite members of the show's crew, and "totally trusted him". Tibbitt still helmed the showrunner position, until October 2015 when Vincent Waller and Marc Ceccarelli took his position, and also functions as an executive producer. Hillenburg no longer wrote or directly ran the show on a day-to-day basis, but reviewed each episode and delivered suggestions. He said, "I figure when I'm pretty old I can still paint. I don't know about running shows."
In November 2004, Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, and the rest of the crew confirmed that they had completed four new episodes for broadcast on Nickelodeon in early 2005, and planned to finish about 20 total for the then-fourth season. In particular, Kenny said, "Kids were happy watching them for the 3,000th time. It was the parents who've been busting my chops for new episodes." He remarked that it would be "the same show, the same sponge". On May 6, 2005, the season premiered with the episodes "Fear of a Krabby Patty" and "Shell of a Man". "Fear of a Krabby Patty" was the first episode to be broadcast after the show's intermission. It was written by C.H. Greenblatt and Paul Tibbitt, while Alan Smart served as animation director.
Animation was handled overseas in South Korea at Rough Draft Studios. Animation directors credited with episodes in the fourth season included Larry Leichliter, Andrew Overtoom, Smart, and Tom Yasumi. Episodes were written by a team of writers, which consisted of Casey Alexander, Steven Banks, Mike Bell, Luke Brookshier, Nate Cash, Zeus Cervas, Greenblatt, Tom King, Tim Hill, Kyle McCulloch, Dani Michaeli, Chris Mitchell, Mike Mitchell, Aaron Springer, Tibbitt, Vincent Waller, Tuck Tucker, and Erik Wiese. The storyboard directors for this season were Alexander, Bell, Brookshier, Cash, Cervas, Greenblatt, King, Chris Mitchell, Springer, Tuck Tucker, Brad Vandergrift, Waller, and Wiese.
Cast
The fourth season featured Tom Kenny as the voice of the title character SpongeBob SquarePants and his pet snail Gary. SpongeBob's best friend, a starfish named Patrick Star, was voiced by Bill Fagerbakke, while Rodger Bumpass played the voice of Squidward Tentacles, an arrogant and ill-tempered octopus. Other members of the cast were Clancy Brown as Mr. Krabs, a miserly crab obsessed with money who is SpongeBob's boss at the Krusty Krab; Mr. Lawrence as Plankton, a small green copepod and Mr. Krabs' business rival; Jill Talley as Karen, Plankton's sentient computer sidekick; Carolyn Lawrence as Sandy Cheeks, a squirrel from Texas; Mary Jo Catlett as Mrs. Puff, SpongeBob's boating school teacher; and Lori Alan as Pearl, a teenage whale who is Mr. Krabs' daughter.
In addition to the regular cast members, episodes feature guest voices from a range of professions, including actors, musicians, and artists. For instance, in the episode "Have You Seen This Snail?", American comedian and actress Amy Poehler guest starred as the voice of Grandma, a sweet old woman who adopted Gary after he ran away. Musician Stew also appeared as a voice, performing the song "Gary, Come Home". Show writer C.H. Greenblatt made an appearance in the episode "Selling Out" as Carl. Ernest Borgnine and Tim Conway returned in the episode "Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy VI: The Motion Picture", reprising their roles as Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy, respectively. Brian Doyle-Murray reprised his role as the Flying Dutchman for "Ghost Host". In "Mrs. Puff, You're Fired", English actor Robin Sachs voiced Sergeant Sam Roderick, a driving instructor who took over Mrs. Puff in teaching SpongeBob. Christopher Ryan, Nigel Planer and Rik Mayall appeared in the episode "Chimps Ahoy" as Sandy's bosses—Professor Percy, Dr. Marmalade and Lord Reginald, respectively. In the entry "Karate Island", Happy Days and The Karate Kid actor Pat Morita guest starred as Master Udon, a scammer who kidnaps SpongeBob to make him buy real estate. Morita died on November 24, 2005, from kidney failure at his home in Las Vegas, Nevada, and the May 2006 episode was dedicated to Morita's memory.
Reception
The season was critically acclaimed by media critics and fans. Paul Mavis of DVD Talk gave both of the season's volumes 4½ stars. The episodes "Fear of a Krabby Patty" and "Shell of a Man" were nominated at the 57th Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Animated Program (for Programming Less Than One Hour), but lost to South Parks "Best Friends Forever". The show was also nominated at the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards for the same category for the episodes "Bummer Vacation" and "Wigstruck". At the 33rd Annie Awards, C.H. Greenblatt, Paul Tibbitt, Mike Bell and Tim Hill won for Best Writing in an Animated Television Production for the episode "Fear of a Krabby Patty". "Fear of a Krabby Patty" won for a Special Award at the 2005 Annecy International Animated Film Festival. At the 2006 Golden Reel Awards, the episode "Have You Seen This Snail?" was nominated for Best Sound Editing in Television: Animated. The show itself received several recognitions, including the three Kids' Choice Awards for Favorite Cartoon from 2005 to 2007. It also received a nomination at the 21st TCA Awards for Outstanding Achievement in Children's Programming, but lost to Degrassi: The Next Generation, and at the 23rd TCA Awards for the same category. However, the series did not win.
Episodes
The episodes are ordered below according to Nickelodeon's packaging order, and not their original production or broadcast order.
DVD release
The first ten episodes of the fourth season were released on DVD by Paramount Home Entertainment in the United States and Canada on September 12, 2006. The "Volume 1" DVD release features bonus material including animatics and featurettes. The remaining ten episodes of the season were also released under the title "Volume 2" in the United States and Canada on January 9, 2007. The DVD release also features bonus material including music videos, shorts and featurettes. In Region 2 and 4, the DVD release for the season was a complete set. On November 13, 2012, The Complete Fourth Season DVD was released in Region 1, five years after the season had completed broadcast on television.
Notes
References
External links
at IMDb
Season 4 at TV.com
Season 4 at Metacritic
2005 American television seasons
2006 American television seasons
2007 American television seasons
SpongeBob SquarePants seasons
Larry George (born c. 1968) is an American politician and businessman in Oregon. He was a Republican member of the Oregon State Senate representing District 13 from 2007 to 2015. Before his election, he was the leader of the political group Oregonians In Action. He is part of the second father-son tandem to serve in the Oregon Senate.
Early life
Larry was born to Gary and Kathy George about 1968. The family that includes his two sisters Cheryl and Christy and two brothers Shaun and David, moved to Newberg, Oregon, when Larry was ten years old, where he was raised. Father Gary was a state senator, while mother Kathy is a commissioner in Yamhill County. He graduated from Newberg High School before attending Oregon State University in Corvallis. At Oregon State, George earned Bachelor of Science degrees in liberal arts and business administration.
George works in Newberg as the founder and CEO of his family's hazelnut packing and processing company, George Packing Company and is the CEO of sister company, Northwest Hazelnut Company. He is the former host of his own talk show on radio stations KXL and KUIK. He formerly owned an advertising business specializing in political advertising.
Political career
In 2000, George served as leader of the group Oregonians In Action that backed the passage of Oregon Ballot Measure 7, a property rights initiative. The group also supported Oregon Ballot Measure 37 in 2004 after the Oregon Supreme Court had invalidated Measure 7. George worked for the group from 1992 to 2002, and also assisted in the Measure 37 campaign.
In 2006, George ran against incumbent and family friend Charles Starr in the Republican primary for the District 13 Oregon Senate seat. The district covers parts of Washington, Clackamas, Yamhill, and Marion counties in the Willamette Valley. George defeated Starr in the primary and then won the November general election to win the four-year term. He defeated Democrat Rick Ross in the general election for the seat. He joined his father in the Senate as the second father-son team to serve at the same time, with the first being Charles Starr and his son Bruce Starr.
In 2007, the Oregon Legislative Assembly, a bi-annual meeting body, approved an experimental session to be held in February 2008, an off year for a regular legislative session. George opposed holding the session and sued to stop the meeting in December 2007. The Oregon Supreme Court in George v. Courtney, upheld the decision of the trial court and allowed the session to be held. George and political activist Ted Abram sued Senate President Peter Courtney, the Oregon Secretary of State, the Governor of Oregon, and Speaker of the House Jeff Merkley to prevent the session.
George did not run for reelection in 2014. He was succeeded by state Representative Kim Thatcher, a fellow Republican.
See also
Bruce Starr
References
External links
The Regal Courier
Oregon League of Conservation Voters
Project Vote Smart
Follow The Money 2006
Oregon state senators
Living people
People from Newberg, Oregon
Businesspeople from Oregon
Oregon State University alumni
People from Sherwood, Oregon
Oregon Republicans
Year of birth uncertain
21st-century American politicians
1968 births
Arjun Mathur (born 18 October 1981) is a British-Indian actor working predominantly in Bollywood films, web series and television serials. He was seen internationally in the British drama series, Indian Summers and plays the lead character in the Amazon Original series, Made in Heaven (TV series), which earned him an International Emmy award nomination for 'Best Performance by an Actor'.
Early life and education
Mathur was born in London, England. but grew up between New Delhi and Mumbai, India. His father, Rakesh Mathur, is a hotelier. He has an older brother, Gautam and a younger sister, Sonia. His mother Reynoo Mathur, died in a car accident when he was just thirteen years old.
Mathur studied at St. Columbas School, New Delhi, St. Mary's School, Mumbai, The British School, New Delhi and Oaklands College, St Albans, Hertfordshire, where he completed his A-Level schooling.
He chose to not pursue a college degree and instead, trained as an actor at Barry John's Institute as well as the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute in New York. Before he started acting, he worked as an Assistant Director on several big-budget Indian films such as [[Bunty Aur Babli|'Bunty Aur Babli''']] and 'Rang De Basanti (The Color of Spring)'.
Career
Arjun was discovered by Mira Nair and Farhan Akhtar simultaneously, through their respective short films, 'Migration' and 'Positive' for the 'Aids Jaago' project, which premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival, 2007. This was followed by several remarkable performances in mainstream Indian films like 'Luck By Chance', 'My Name Is Khan' and 'Ankur Arora Murder Case', as well as critically acclaimed independent films like 'Barah Aana', 'Coffee Bloom', the National-Award winning 'I Am' and the English language film, [[Fireflies (film)|'Fireflies']], for which he received a Best Actor nomination at the New York Indian Film Festival, 2013.
In 2012, he garnered praise for the youth-centric mini-series, 'Bring On The Night', which was the first of its kind produced in India, before the streaming revolution took hold. Arjun has appeared in numerous television commercials and was a brand-ambassador for the leading Indian lifestyle brand, 'Godrej' from 2013 till 2016. He was also seen in Channel 4's British drama series, 'Indian Summers' as the volatile nationalist, 'Naresh Banerjee'. The 2018 Netflix original film, 'Brij Mohan Amar Rahe (Long Live Brij Mohan)' saw Arjun step away from his image and impress audiences and critics as an underwear salesman from Delhi, who tries to fake his own death and fails miserably.
In 2019, Arjun played the lead in Zoya Akhtar's Amazon original series, 'Made In Heaven''' and received a nomination in the 'Best Performance by an Actor' category at the International Emmy Awards 2020, for his nuanced portrayal of a gay man living in urban India at a time when homosexuality was illegal. The show itself received worldwide audience and critical acclaim and will return for a second season.
He was last seen in '''The Gone Game''', a suspense thriller series that was set, conceived, shot and released during the COVID-19 lockdown in 2020.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
1980 births
Male actors in Hindi cinema
St. Columba's School, Delhi alumni
Indian male film actors
Jorma Aksel Kortelainen (17 December 1932 – 27 December 2012) was a Finnish cross-country skier and rower who competed in the 1950s.
Kortelainen was born in Pyhäselkä. He won a silver medal at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo in the 4 × 10 km relay. He was also a successful rower who took part at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.
Kortelainen died in Jyväskylä, at the age of 80, as a result of sepsis while being treated at the local hospital.
Cross-country skiing results
Olympic Games
1 medal – (1 silver)
References
External links
Olympic profile
1932 births
2012 deaths
People from Joensuu
Finnish male cross-country skiers
Olympic cross-country skiers of Finland
Cross-country skiers at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Finland
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
Finnish male rowers
Rowers at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Olympic rowers of Finland
Medalists at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from North Karelia
Group Captain Kenneth Gilbert Hubbard (26 February 1920 – 21 January 2004) was the pilot of an RAF Vickers Valiant bomber which dropped Britain's first live thermonuclear weapon (H-Bomb) in Operation Grapple in the Central Pacific Ocean in May 1957.
Early life
Kenneth Gilbert Hubbard was born in Norwich in Norfolk on 26 February 1920, the son of Gilbert Claud Hubbard, a mechanical engineer and professional association football player who played for Norwich City, and his wife Florence Dack. He was educated at Norwich Technical College from 1932 to 1935, where he trained as a draughtsman. He then worked as a draughtsman for Stevensons of Norwich.
Military service
Second World War
After the outbreak of the Second World War, Hubbard joined the Royal Air Force (RAF) on 21 June 1940. He earned his wings at No. 2 Flying Training School RAF at RAF Brize Norton, and was commissioned as a pilot officer in May 1941. He was posted to No. 2 Central Flying Training School at RAF Cranwell in June 1941, and then to No. 12 Flying Training School RAF at RAF Grantham in July 1942 as an instructor. In December 1942 he was posted to 311 Ferry Training Unit at Moreton in Marsh, where he did a conversion course on the Vickers Wellington medium bomber. He flew one out to Foggia Airfield Complex in Italy in January 1944, and joined No. 70 Squadron RAF, which operated the Wellington. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross on 20 April 1945. His citation noted that he had "taken part in many attacks in close support of the Fifth and Eighth armies and against marshalling yards in the Po valley. One night in May 1944 he participated in a special low-level attack on an important railway bridge in north Italy." From January to May 1945 he was a pilot instructor at RAF Qastina in Palestine. He then returned to No. 70 Squadron RAF in Italy, which was now flying B24 Liberator bombers from Tortorella.
Service 1946 to 1957
While on leave in the United Kingdom, Hubbard married Beatrice Daphne Taylor on 19 January 1946. He went back to the Middle East in May 1946, where he flew Avro Lancaster bombers with No. 104 Squadron RAF from RAF Abu Sueir RAF Shallufa in Egypt. In October he was posted to Empire Air Armament School at RAF Manby as a flying instructor. He became a flight commander at the RAF Flying College there in July 1949. He returned to the Middle East in April 1951, as commander of RAF Shaibah during the Abadan Crisis, for which he was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the 1953 New Year Honours. His wife divorced him on 28 July 1953. In September he reported to RAF Swinderby for a refresher course on the Wellington and Vickers Varsity at No. 201 Advanced Flying School RAF, and then one at No. 242 Operational Conversion Unit RAF at RAF Dishforth on the Handley Page Hastings and Vickers Valetta.
After an appointment as Personal Staff Officer to the Air Member for Personnel, Hubbard completed the course at the RAF Staff College, Bracknell, in January 1956. The graduates were allowed to express three preferences for their next assignment, and as he had just completed a staff posting, Hubbard asked to be posted to the new V bomber force for flying duties. His request was granted, but he was first sent to RAF Strubby for an all-weather jet refresher course, flying the Gloster Meteor, then to No. 231 Operational Conversion Unit RAF at RAF Bassingbourn for training on the English Electric Canberra, and finally to No. 232 Operational Conversion Unit RAF at RAF Gaydon for training on the Vickers Valiant, the first of the RAF's new generation of V-bombers. In September 1956, he assumed command of the newly reformed No. 49 Squadron RAF at RAF Wittering, flying the Valiant.
Operation Grapple
No. 49 Squadron was assigned to Air Vice Marshal Wilfrid Oulton's Operation Grapple Task Force to conduct nuclear tests at Christmas Island in the Pacific Ocean as part of the British hydrogen bomb programme.
No 49 Squadron had eight Valiants, but only four deployed: XD818, piloted by Hubbard, now a Wing Commander; XD822, piloted by Squadron Leader L. D. (Dave) Roberts; XD823, piloted by Squadron Leader Arthur Steele; and XD824, piloted by Squadron Leader Barney Millett. The other four Valiants remained at RAF Wittering, where they were used as courier aircraft for bomb components. The first mission was flown by Hubbard in XD818, with Millett and XD824 as the "grandstand" observation aircraft.
The bomb was dropped from off the shore of Malden Island at 10:38 local time on 15 May 1957. Hubbard missed the target by just . He became the first British pilot to drop a live hydrogen bomb. From the bomb developers' view, the device turned out to be a failure; its yield was estimated at , far below its designed capability.
Hubbard and his four crew members were awarded the Air Force Cross in the 1957 Birthday Honours. His aircraft, Vickers Valiant XD818, is now on display in the Royal Air Force Museum at RAF Cosford.
Service 1957 to 1966
After the Grapple tests Hubbard served at HQ RAF Bomber Command from 1959 to 1961. He was promoted to group captain, and commanded RAF El Adem in Libya. In 1963, he assumed command of RAF Scampton, the base of the Avro Vulcan bombers of Nos 27, 83 and 617 Squadrons RAF equipped with the Blue Steel standoff missile. His final appointment was Group Captain Training at HQ RAF Transport Command. He retired from the RAF in 1966.
Later life
After leaving the RAF in 1966, Hubbard tried his hand at farming in the West Country. The venture was unsuccessful, but he did meet Margaret Grubb, whom he married at the register office in Blyth, Suffolk, on 14 March 1975, and he moved to Margaret's home at Blythburgh in Suffolk.
Members of 49 Squadron serving during the Grapple nuclear test series formed a Megaton Club and with Hubbard as its president, and they met annually at the Royal Air Force Club at 128 Piccadilly in London.
In 1974, Hubbard became Director of Sales and Marketing of the Vehicle Air Conditioning Division of his cousin Geoffrey Hubbard's Hubbard–Reader Group of refrigeration engineering companies. He retired from this position in 1982.
Hubbard chaired the local review committee for parole at HM Prison Blundeston, and was involved with the local Air Training Corps and the RAF Benevolent Fund. His wife Margaret died in 1997. He had no children from either of his marriages. With Michael Simmons, a director at Hubbard engineering,
Hubbard wrote a book about his experience as the commander of No. 49 Squadron in Operation Grapple. The book was published by Ian Allan in 1985 under the title of Operation Grapple. A new edition with a different title of Dropping Britain's First H-Bomb was published by Pen and Sword in 2008. He died in Blythburgh on 22 January 2004.
See also
Ted Flavell (1922–2014), pilot of the RAF bomber which dropped Britain's first live atomic bomb in 1956
Notes
References
1920 births
2004 deaths
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Military personnel from Norwich
Recipients of the Air Force Cross (United Kingdom)
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
Royal Air Force pilots of World War II
Royal Air Force group captains
British World War II bomber pilots
Hubbard
Wang Shizhen is the name of:
Wang Shizhen (Tang dynasty) (759–809), Tang dynasty warlord, de facto ruler of Chengde
Wang Shizhen (Ming dynasty) (1526–1590), Ming dynasty poet, writer, artist and litterateur.
Wang Shizhen (Beiyang government) (1861–1930), general and minister of the Beiyang government of Republic of China
Wang Shizhen (physician) (1916–2016), founder of Chinese nuclear medicine
See also
Wang Zhizhen
In a multielement antenna array (such as a Yagi–Uda antenna), the driven element or active element is the element in the antenna (typically a metal rod) which is electrically connected to the receiver or transmitter. In a transmitting antenna it is driven or excited by the radio frequency current from the transmitter, and is the source of the radio waves. In a receiving antenna it collects the incoming radio waves for reception, and converts them to tiny oscillating electric currents, which are applied to the receiver. Multielement antennas like the Yagi typically consist of a driven element, connected to the receiver or transmitter through a feed line, and a number of other elements which are not driven, called parasitic elements. The driven element is often a dipole. The parasitic elements act as resonators and couple electromagnetically with the driven element, and serve to modify the radiation pattern of the antenna, directing the radio waves in one direction, increasing the gain of the antenna.
An antenna may have more than one driven element, although the most common multielement antenna, the Yagi, usually has only one. For example, transmitting antennas for AM radio stations often consist of several mast radiators, each of which functions as a half-wave monopole driven element, to create a particular radiation pattern. A two-element array with the elements spaced a quarter wavelength apart has a distinct cardioid radiation pattern when the second element is driven with a source -90° out of phase relative to the first element. A log-periodic antenna (LPDA) consists of many dipole elements of decreasing length, all of which are driven. However, because they are different lengths, only one of the many dipoles is resonant at a given frequency, so only one is driven at a time. The dipole that is driven depends on the frequency of the signal. Phased arrays may have hundreds of driven elements. Household multiband television antennas generally consist of a hybrid between a UHF Yagi with one driven dipole and a log-periodic for VHF behind that with alternating active elements. The driven elements between the UHF and VHF are then coupled and often matched for a 75 ohm coaxial downlead to the receiver.
When a "driven element" is referred to in an antenna array, it is often assumed that other elements are not driven (i.e. parasitic, passive) and that the array is tightly coupled (spacing far below a wavelength).
Antennas (radio)
WASP-45 is a K-type main-sequence star about 690 light-years away. The star age cannot be well constrained, but it is probably older than Sun. Yet, WASP-45 is enriched in heavy elements compared to Sun, having 240% of solar abundance.
The star has low ultraviolet emission, therefore suspected to have a low starspot activity, although chromospheric activity was reported elsewhere.
Planetary system
In 2011 a transiting hot Jupiter planet b was detected. The planet equilibrium temperature is . No Rayleigh scattering was detected in planetary atmosphere, implying existence of hazes or high cloud deck.
References
Sculptor (constellation)
K-type main-sequence stars
Planetary systems with one confirmed planet
Planetary transit variables
J00205699-3559537
Project Concise was a United States Army program to close military installations after the Vietnam War. The closures included Nike missile launch sites and command posts including Highlands Army Air Defense Site, Fort Lawton, Fort MacArthur, Fort Hancock, Charleston Army Depot, Fort Wolters, and Valley Forge General Hospital. Additionally, Hunter Army Airfield was reactivated in order to accommodate the expected increase in traffic at Fort Stewart and Fort Hunter.
The project commenced with a May 1972-autumn 1973 study that identified numerous posts which were instead retained (e.g., Fort McClellan instead closed in 1999), and the closures were announced on November 22, 1974. A follow-up program of realignments was announced in 1976.
References
Wikipedia articles incorporating text from the United States Army Center of Military History
United States defense policymaking
Washington–Jefferson Street Historic District in Clarkesville, Georgia is a mostly residential historic district. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and includes 13 contributing buildings and a contributing site.
The district has about 12 houses, two antebellum Greek Revival churches (both built by master builder Jarvis Van Buren, one already listed on the National Register as Grace Church), and the city's small cemetery. It is located along South Washington, South Jefferson, and Wilson Streets between Green Street and Laurel Drive.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Habersham County, Georgia
Victorian architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Ted Lewis (15 January 1940 – 27 March 1982) was a British writer known for his crime fiction.
Early life
Alfred Edward Lewis was born in Stretford, Manchester and was an only child. After the Second World War the family moved to Barton-upon-Humber in Lincolnshire. He had a strict upbringing and his parents did not want their son to go to art school, but his English teacher Henry Treece, recognising his creative talents in writing and art, persuaded them not to stand in his way. Lewis attended Hull Art School for four years.
Career
Lewis's first work was in London, in advertising, and then as an animation specialist in television and films (among them the Beatles' Yellow Submarine). His first novel, All the Way Home and All the Night Through, was published in 1965, followed by Jack's Return Home, which created the noir school of British crime writing and pushed Lewis into the best-seller list. The novel was later retitled Get Carter after the success of the film of the same name, based on the novel and starring Michael Caine. After the collapse of his marriage Lewis returned to his home town.
Lewis wrote several episodes for the television series Z-Cars. Producer Graham Williams of Doctor Who , who had worked with Lewis on Z-Cars, commissioned a script entitled The Doppelgangers in 1978 from Lewis. However, the script was rejected early the next year, and was never put into production.
Lewis's final book, assessed as his best by some critics, was GBH, published in 1980, the title referring to grievous bodily harm in British law. Lewis died in 1982 aged 42 of alcohol-related causes.
In October 2017 Nick Triplow published a detailed biography Getting Carter: Ted Lewis and the Birth of Brit Noir.
In 2020 The Ted Lewis Centre opened in Barton upon Humber celebrating his life and works.
Books
All the Way Home and All the Night Through (1965)
Jack's Return Home (1970) (paperback published in 1971 as Carter. Later re-published as Get Carter)
Plender (1971)
Billy Rags (1973)
Jack Carter's Law (1974)
The Rabbit (1975)
Boldt (1976)
Jack Carter and the Mafia Pigeon (1977)
GBH (1980)
Films
Jack's Return Home has been filmed three times:
Get Carter (1971) with Michael Caine
Hit Man (1972) with Bernie Casey and Pam Grier
Get Carter (2000) with Sylvester Stallone
Plender has been adapted as a French film:
Le Serpent (2007) directed by Eric Barbier
References
Further reading
Nick Triplow: Getting Carter : Ted Lewis and the birth of Brit Noir, Harpenden, UK : No Exit Press, 2017,
External links
TW Books
The Best Thriller
1940 births
1982 deaths
Writers from Manchester
People from Stretford
People from Barton-upon-Humber
English crime fiction writers
English television writers
20th-century English novelists
20th-century English screenwriters
Ben Nicholas is an Australian actor, known for playing Scott "Stingray" Timmins in the Australian soap opera Neighbours.
Early and personal life
Raised in Adelaide, South Australia, Nicholas lives in Melbourne, Australia.
Nicholas is married to Stephanie Lilja. Their first child was born on 23 June 2022.
Career
Nicholas played the character of Stingray Timmins on the Australian soap opera Neighbours. His final performance as Stingray aired on 23 March 2007. Nicholas travelled from Australia to the UK to perform pantomimes over the Christmas period. In December 2006, he performed at the Marlowe Theatre, in Canterbury, Kent, as Jack in Jack and the Beanstalk. He performed in Cinderella in the Gordon Craig Theatre in Stevenage from 1 December 2007 until 27 January 2008. He appeared in Jack and the Beanstalk once more, playing the titular role of Jack, at the Gordon Craig Theatre in Stevenage from 29 November 2008 until 25 January 2009. He was also involved with The Rayz, a London-based band which toured during September–October 2007, playing over 40 dates.
Nicholas appeared on BBC's Celebrity Scissorhands for Children in Need 2007.
Nicholas appeared in the stage version of the Disney film High School Musical in London, playing the part of Jack Scott. The shows ran from Saturday 28 June 2008 until Sunday 31 August 2008 in the Hammersmith Apollo London. After moving back to Australia, he played Pepper in the Australian Tour of Mamma Mia!
In 2015, Nicholas created, wrote and starred in the spoof game show series Footballer Wants A Wife, which was funded by Screen Australia. He played the lead role of Steven Papakonstantinou.
Filmography
1999 Chuck Finn – Episode: "Chuck Who" as Sam
2004 Good Morning Australia as himself (9 February 2004)
2004–2007 Neighbours as Scott Stingray Timmins
2005 Scooter: Secret Agent – Episode: "Operation: Mask-In-A-Can" as Vern
2013 Cheerleader Diaries
2014 Neighbours VS Zombies
2015 Footballer Wants A Wife
2015 Waste of Time
Theatre
1999 Les Misérables – Sam
2000 The Boy From Oz – Young Peter Allan
2001 The Sound of Music – Kurt von Trapp
2002 Singin' in the Rain – Young Cosmo & Don
2002 Oliver! – The Artful Dodger (Melbourne)
2004 Neighbours Rocky Horror Show, (Melbourne)
2005 A Bunch of Ratbags (Theatreworks, (Melbourne)
2005 9 to 5 (The Dragonfly Theatre & Cabaret Restaurant, Melbourne)
2006–2007 Jack and the Beanstalk as Jack Trott (Marlowe Theatre, Canterbury, England)
2007 Oliver! – The Artful Dodger (Central Theatre, Chatham, England)
2007–2008 Cinderella as 'Buttons' (Gordon Craig Theatre, Stevenage, England)
2008 High School Musical: Live on stage as Jack Scott
2008–2009 Jack and the Beanstalk as Jack Trott (Gordon Craig Theatre, Stevenage, England)
2010 Mamma Mia! as Pepper ((Australia))
Awards
2005 Logie Awards Winner as part of the induction of Neighbours into the Logies Hall of Fame
2005 Logie Awards Nomination for 'Most Popular New Talent (male)
2006 Ellerton Awards Winner of 'Best stage dancer with Chris Heyes (male)
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Australian male soap opera actors
Australian male musical theatre actors
Alex Aguilar is a Spanish writer. He was born in Barcelona in 1957. A professor of Animal Biology at the University of Barcelona, his research activities have focused mainly on the study of demography, ecology and management of threatened marine species. He has published widely in academic journals and has received several prestigious awards for his scientific work.
As a writer, he is known for the novel El abrazo de Fatma and the non-fiction book Chiman on the whaling industry in Iberia.
He has also published a book called Insect Behaviour.
References
Spanish writers
1957 births
Living people
University of Barcelona faculty
Writers from Barcelona
The morpho butterflies comprise many species of Neotropical butterfly under the genus Morpho. This genus includes more than 29 accepted species and 147 accepted subspecies, found mostly in South America, Mexico, and Central America. Morpho wingspans range from for M. rhodopteron to for M. hecuba, the imposing sunset morpho. The name morpho, meaning "changed" or "modified", is also an epithet.
Taxonomy and nomenclature
Many names attach to the genus Morpho. The genus has also been divided into subgenera. Hundreds of form, variety, and aberration names are used among Morpho species and subspecies. One lepidopterist includes all such species within a single genus, and synonymized many names in a limited number of species. Two other lepidopterists use a phylogenetic analysis with different nomenclature. Other authorities accept many more species.
Etymology
The genus name Morpho comes from an Ancient Greek epithet , roughly "the shapely one", for Aphrodite, goddess of love and beauty.
Species
This list is arranged alphabetically within species groups.
Subgenus Iphimedeia
Species group hercules
Morpho amphitryon Staudinger, 1887
Morpho hercules (Dalman, 1823) – Hercules morpho
Morpho richardus Fruhstorfer, 1898 – Richard's morpho
Species group hecuba
Morpho cisseis C. Felder & R. Felder, 1860 – Cisseis morpho
Morpho hecuba (Linnaeus, 1771) – sunset morpho
Species group telemachus
Morpho telemachus (Linnaeus, 1758)
Morpho theseus Deyrolle, 1860 – Theseus morpho
Subgenus Iphixibia
Morpho anaxibia (Esper, 1801)
Subgenus Cytheritis
Species group sulkowskyi
Morpho sulkowskyi – Sulkowsky's morpho
Species group lympharis
Morpho lympharis Butler, 1873 – Lympharis morpho
Species group rhodopteron
Morpho rhodopteron Godman & Salvin, 1880
Species group portis
Morpho portis (Hübner, [1821])
Morpho thamyris C. Felder & R. Felder, 1867 – Thamyris morpho – or as a subspecies of M. portis
Species group zephyritis
Morpho zephyritis Butler, 1873 – Zephyritis morpho
Species group aega
Morpho aega (Hübner, [1822]) – Aega morpho
Species group adonis
Morpho eugenia Deyrolle, 1860 – Empress Eugénie morpho
Morpho marcus (Cramer, 1775)
Morpho uraneis Bates, 1865
Subgenus Balachowskyna
Morpho aurora – Aurora morpho
Subgenus Cypritis
Species group cypris
Morpho cypris Westwood, 1851 – Cypris morpho
Species group rhetenor
Morpho helena Staudinger, 1890 – Helena blue morpho
Morpho rhetenor (Cramer, [1775]) – Rhetenor blue morpho
Subgenus Pessonia
Species group polyphemus
Morpho luna Butler, 1869 or as subspecies Morpho polyphemus luna
Morpho polyphemus Westwood, [1850] – (Polyphemus) white morpho
Species group catenaria
Morpho catenarius Perry, 1811 or as a subspecies of M. epistrophus
Morpho epistrophus (Fabricius, 1796) – Epistrophus white morpho
Morpho laertes (Drury, 1782) may be a synonym of M. epistrophus
Subgenus Crasseia
Species group menelaus
Morpho amathonte (Deyrolle, 1860) or as a subspecies of M. menelaus
Morpho didius Hopffer, 1874 – giant blue morpho – or as a subspecies of M. menelaus
Morpho godarti (Guérin-Méneville, 1844) – Godart's morpho – or as a subspecies of M. menelaus
Morpho menelaus (Linnaeus, 1758) – Menelaus blue morpho
Subgenus Morpho
Species group deidamia
Morpho deidamia (Hübner, [1819]) – Deidamia morpho
Morpho granadensis Felder and Felder, 1867 – Granada morpho – or as a subspecies of M. deidamia
Species group helenor
Morpho helenor (Cramer, 1776) – Helenor blue morpho or common blue morpho
Morpho peleides Kollar, 1850 – Peleides blue morpho, common morpho, or the emperor
Species group achilles
Morpho achilles (Linnaeus, 1758) – Achilles morpho
Ungrouped:
Morpho absoloni May, 1924
Morpho athena Otero, 1966
Morpho niepelti Röber, 1927
Coloration
Many morpho butterflies are colored in metallic, shimmering shades of blues and greens. These colors are not a result of pigmentation, but are an example of iridescence through structural coloration. Specifically, the microscopic scales covering the morpho's wings reflect incident light repeatedly at successive layers, leading to interference effects that depend on both wavelength and angle of incidence/observance. Thus, the colors appear to vary with viewing angle, but they are surprisingly uniform, perhaps due to the tetrahedral (diamond-like) structural arrangement of the scales or diffraction from overlying cell layers. The wide-angle blue reflection property can be explained by exploring the nanostructures in the scales of the morpho butterfly wings. These optically active structures integrate three design principles leading to the wide-angle reflection: Christmas tree-like shaped ridges, alternating lamellae layers (or "branches"), and a small height offset between neighboring ridges. The reflection spectrum is found to be broad (about 90 nm) for alternating layers and can be controlled by varying the design pattern. The Christmas tree-like pattern helps to reduce the directionality of the reflectance by creating an impedance matching for blue wavelengths. In addition, the height offset between neighboring ridges increases the intensity of reflection for a wide range of angles. This structure may be likened to a photonic crystal. The lamellate structure of their wing scales has been studied as a model in the development of biomimetic fabrics, dye-free paints, and anticounterfeit technology used in currency.
The iridescent lamellae are only present on the dorsal sides of their wings, leaving the ventral sides brown.
The ventral side is decorated with ocelli (eyespots). In some species, such as M. godarti, the dorsal lamellae are so thin that ventral ocelli can peek through. While not all morphos have iridescent coloration, they all have ocelli. In most species, only the males are colorful, supporting the theory that the coloration is used for intrasexual communication between males. The lamellae reflect up to 70% of light falling on them, including any ultraviolet. The eyes of morpho butterflies are thought to be highly sensitive to UV light, so the males are able to see each other from great distances. Some South American species are reportedly visible to the human eye up to one kilometer away.
Also, a number of other species exist which are tawny orange or dark brown (for instance M. hecuba and M. telemachus). Some species are white, principal among these being M. catenarius and M. laertes. An unusual species, fundamentally white in coloration, but which exhibits a stunning pearlescent purple and teal iridescence when viewed at certain angles, is the rare M. sulkowskyi. Some Andean species are small and delicate (M. lympharis). Among the metallic blue Morpho species, M. rhetenor stands out as the most iridescent of all, with M. cypris a close second. Indeed, M. cypris is notable in that specimens mounted in entomological collections exhibit color differences across the wings if they are not 'set' perfectly flat. Many species, like M. cypris and M. rhetenor helena have a white stripe pattern on their colored blue wings as well.
Celebrated author and lepidopterist Vladimir Nabokov described their appearance as "shimmering light-blue mirrors".
Sexual dimorphism
The blue morpho species exhibit sexual dimorphism. In some species (for instance M.adonis, M. eugenia, M. aega, M. cypris, and M. rhetenor), only the males are iridescent blue; the females are disruptively colored brown and yellow. In other species (for instance M. anaxibia, M. godarti, M. didius, M. amathonte, and M. deidamia), the females are partially iridescent, but less blue than the males.
Habitat
Morpho butterflies inhabit the primary forests of the Amazon and Atlantic. They also adapted to breed in a wide variety of other forested habitats – for instance, the dry deciduous woodlands of Nicaragua and secondary forests.
Morphos are found at altitudes between sea level and about .
Biology
Morphos are diurnal, as males spend the mornings patrolling along the courses of forest streams and rivers. They are territorial and chase any rivals. Morphos typically live alone, excluding in the mating season.
The genus Morpho is palatable, but some species (such as M. amathonte) are very strong fliers; birds—even species which are specialized for catching butterflies on the wing—find it very hard to catch them. The conspicuous blue coloration shared by most Morpho species may be a case of Müllerian mimicry, or may be 'pursuit aposematism'.
The eyespots on the undersides of the wings of both males and females may be a form of automimicry in which a spot on the body of an animal resembles an eye of a different animal to deceive potential predator or prey species, to draw a predator's attention away from the most vulnerable body parts, or to appear as an inedible or even dangerous animal.
Predators include royal flycatchers, jacamars and other insectivorous birds, frogs, and lizards.
Behavior
Morphos have a very distinctive, slow, bouncy flight pattern due to the wing area being enormous relative to the body size.
Life cycle
The entire life cycle of the morpho butterfly, from egg to death, is about 115 days.
The larvae hatch from pale-green, dewdrop-like eggs. The caterpillars have reddish-brown bodies with bright lime-green or yellow patches on their backs. Its hairs are irritating to human skin, and when disturbed it secretes a fluid that smells like rancid butter from eversible glands on the thorax. The strong odor is a defense against predators. They feed on a variety of plants. The caterpillar molts five times before entering the pupal stage. The bulbous chrysalis is pale green or jade green and emits a repulsive, ultrasonic sound when touched. It is suspended from a stem or leaf of the food plant.
The adults live for about two to three weeks. They feed on the fluids of fermenting fruit, decomposing animals, tree sap, fungi, and nutrient-rich mud. They are poisonous to predators due to toxins they sequestered from plants on which they fed as caterpillars.
The more common blue morphos are reared en masse in commercial breeding programs. The iridescent wings are used in the manufacture of jewelry and as inlay in woodworking. Papered specimens are sold with the abdomen removed to prevent its oily contents from staining the wings. Significant numbers of live specimens are exported as pupae from several Neotropical countries for exhibition in butterfly houses. Unfortunately, due to their irregular flight pattern and size, their wings are frequently damaged when in captivity.
Host plants
Morpho larvae, variously according to species and region, feed on Leguminosae, Gramineae, Canellaceae, Guttiferae, Erythroxylaceae, Myrtaceae, Moraceae, Lauraceae, Sapindaceae, Rhamnaceae, Euphorbiaceae, Musaceae, Palmae, Menispermaceae, Tiliaceae, Bignoniaceae, and Menispermaceae.
According to Penz and DeVries the ancestral diet of larval Satyrinae is Poaceae or other monocots. Many morphos have switched to dicots on several occasions during their evolutionary history, but basal species have retained the monocot diets.
Collectors
Morpho butterflies, often very expensive, have always been prized by extremely wealthy collectors. Famous collections include those of the London jeweler Dru Drury and the Dutch merchant Pieter Teyler van der Hulst, the Paris diplomat Georges Rousseau-Decelle, the financier Walter Rothschild, the Romanov Grand Duke Nicholas Mikhailovich of Russia and the, English and German respectively, businessmen James John Joicey and Curt Eisner. In earlier years, Morphos graced cabinets of curiosities "Kunstkamera" and royal cabinets of natural history notably those of Tsar of Russia Peter the Great, the Austrian empress Maria Theresa and Ulrika Eleonora, Queen of Sweden. More famous is Maria Sibylla Merian, who was not wealthy.
The people along the Rio Negro in Brazil once exploited the territorial habits of the blue morpho (M. menelaus) by luring them into clearings with bright blue decoys. The collected butterfly wings were used as embellishment for ceremonial masks. Adult morpho butterflies feed on the juices of fermenting fruit with which they may also be lured. The butterflies wobble in flight and are easy to catch.
Gallery
Illustrations
See also
List of tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests ecoregions (Neotropical)
Tropical Andes
Arhopala
References
Further reading
Blandin, P. (2007). The Systematics of the Genus Morpho, Lepidoptera Nymphalidae Hillside Books, Canterbury.
Blandin, P. (1988). The genus Morpho, Lepidoptera Nymphalidae. Part 1. The subgenera Iphimedeia and Schwartzia. Sciences Nat, Venette.
Blandin, P. (1993). The genus Morpho, Lepidoptera Nymphalidae. Part 2. The subgenera Iphixibia, Cytheritis, Balachowskyna, and Cypritis. Sciences Nat, Venette.
Blandin, P. (2007). The genus Morpho, Lepidoptera Nymphalidae. Part 3. The Subgenera Pessonia, Grasseia and Morpho and Addenda to Parts 1 & 2. Hillside Books, Canterbury. Blandin The genus Morpho. Pt. 3.
Fruhstorfer, H. (1912–1913). 6. Familie: Morphidae in Seitz, A. Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde (The Macrolepidoptera of the World) Erde 5: 333–344 (31 May 1912),: 345–352 (5 June 1913),: 353–356 (8 July 1913).
Schäffler, Oliver and Frankenbach, Thomas. (2009). Schmetterlinge der Erde Part 30, Nymphalidae XV: Morpho I Keltern: Goecke & Evers includes Morpho niepelti and M. theseus.
Schäffler, Oliver and Frankenbach,Thomas, (2010). Schmetterlinge der Erde Part 33, Nymphalidae XVIII: Morpho II Keltern: Goecke & Evers Includes M. hercules, M. richardus, M. telemachus, M. amphitryon, M. hecuba, and M. cisseis.
Takahashi, Mayumi. (1973). Notes on the genus Morpho (Lepidoptera: Morphidae) collected in the Santa Marta mountains, Colombia, South America. Tyô to Ga 24(4): 107–111, 26 figs.[general; ecology; behavior]
External links
EOL Taxonomy and images
Butterflies of America Superb collection of scientific specimen photographs. Many of types
Morpho
Morphinae
Nymphalidae of South America
Nymphalidae genera
Taxa named by Johan Christian Fabricius
South Mountain High School (The Academies at South Mountain) is a high school located in Phoenix, Arizona. The school is part of the Phoenix Union High School District.
Overview
The school was founded in 1954. The school shares its name with South Mountain, which is located south of the campus.
The campus was designed by a group of noted local architects consisting of Mel Ensign as supervising architect, and H. H. Green, Lescher & Mahoney, John Sing Tang, Edward L. Varney and Weaver & Drover. The construction contract to build the school was awarded to The Wes Meyer Construction Co. The campus was heavily renovated in 2019 with ADM Group serving as architect.
The school partner's elementary district is Roosevelt.
School boundary
Like all Phoenix Union High School District schools, students who live within a specific geographic area of Phoenix are automatically enrolled at South Mountain High School. , the school serves students in an area south of the Salt River, north of the South Mountain, east of Central Avenue, and west of 40th Street. However, open enrollment is allowed.
Student population
Phoenix Union lists its overall ethnic breakdown as 81.7% Hispanic, 8.3% African American, 4.4% Caucasian, 2.4% Native American, 1.6% Asian, 1.6% Other.
Magnet programs
South Mountain High School teaches five of the eleven Magnet programs in the Phoenix Union High School District.
Aviation and Aerospace Education: The program provides students with the opportunity to attain a Private Pilot's Certificate without cost, as part of the curriculum. Since its inception, the program has produced over 400 pilots. The program also provides students with academic and hands-on training in such areas as air traffic control, airframe and power plant maintenance and pre-engineering. Students can earn college credit in the Air Traffic Control courses and build time towards their Airframe and Power Plant License. The pre-engineering courses offer students the opportunity to learn aerodynamics, power plant operation and theory, aerospace systems, and stability and control. A course in Aircraft Design is also provided. All of the courses provide students with the academic rigor necessary in the areas of mathematics and science associated with the field of aerospace.
Law-Related Studies: The Center for Law Related Studies at South Mountain High School. This program offers the student a chance to explore career opportunities in law and law-related fields and occupations through course work and involvement with the various legal professions in the community.
Performing Arts (Dance, Music, and Theater): The Center for Performing Arts is located at South Mountain High School. Learning situations are provided through the use of equipment, nationally and internationally recognized artists as guest teachers, field trips and community performances.
Visual Arts: The Center for Visual Arts offers students a four-year sequenced program of study in art disciplines. Students develop their style in ceramics, computer art, drawing/painting, jewelry and fiber arts, photography or sculpture. Students exhibit their work, participate in field trips and interact with local and national professional artists.
Communication Arts: South Mountain is one of a small number of schools in Arizona with a magnet program featuring its own radio station: KJAG 1640AM, Jaguar News. This program teaches students to operate the devises used behind the scenes in T.V.
Facts
South Mountain is a Performing school, according to the Arizona Department of Education.
South's Academic Decathlon team has qualified for State 22 of the last 23 years. South won its first Regional title in 2008; came in second in 2007, 2009, and 2011; and won its second and third Regional titles in 2012 and 2013. The team has finished in the top 10 at the State Tournament multiple times, most recently in 2013. The Jaguars have had the overall highest-scoring competitor in four different Regional Competitions: Stanford Prescott (2007), Rachel Riley (2008), and Connor Wade (2012 and 2013). Todd Decker has been coaching the team for 23 years and has done so longer than any other coach in Arizona.
There are eleven Nationally Board Certified Teachers among South Mountain's staff.
South has won 33 State championships in interscholastic athletics, including Girls Basketball, and a fourth-consecutive title in Girls Track and Field in 2008.
Athletic achievements
Football – State co-champions 1958 & 1959, 1976–1977, 1993–1994
Girls Track and Field – First big school in Arizona to win the State Title 4 consecutive years. State Champions 2005, 2006, 2007 & 2008, 2014–2015
Boys Basketball State Champions 1956, 1983, 1987, 1991, 1992, 2006
Girls Basketball State Champions 1985, 1995, 2008, 2015–2016.
Step Team State Champions (2007, 2008); Stepping in the Right Direction Champions, CA (2011, 2012); Stomp Wars Champions, Dallas, TX (2013); Break the Stage Champions, Atlanta, GA (2014).
Metro Region Champions:
1982 – Boys Basketball
1983 – Boys Basketball
1987 – Boys Basketball
1990 – Boys Basketball
1991 – Boys Basketball
1992 – Boys Basketball
2001 – Wrestling (Gabriel Willford)
2001 – Wrestling (Seth Willford)
2006 – Boys Basketball
2005 – Girls Basketball, Girls Track and Field
2006 – Girls Basketball, Boys Basketball, Girls Track & Field, Boys Track & Field
2007 – Girls Basketball, Girls Softball, Girls Track & Field, Boys Track & Field, Wrestling, Football
2008 – Football, Volleyball, Girls Cross Country, Girls Basketball, Girls Track & Field, Boys Track & Field
Soccer Division II State Champions 2015–2016
Incidents
The school has seen incidents of violence over the years.
1970s
A riot brought on by racial tensions happened at the school at some point during the 1970s.
1994
In October 1994, racial tensions between the school's African American and Hispanic population erupted into a riot. A report by Phoenix newspaper Arizona Republic indicated the fight involved 1,000 students, and the incident reportedly spilled into neighborhoods surrounding the school.
The incident reportedly happened in the aftermath of a shooting that injured a Hispanic senior student was a member of a Bloods gang. The suspect in the shooting was reportedly an African American Crips gang member.
No guns or knives were used during the riot, but it involved other weapons such as metal pipes and tree branches. Dozens were reportedly injured, and the incident resulted in the arrest of 18 people. School security, along with Phoenix Police Department and Arizona Department of Public Safety officers, joined forces to separate the African American and Hispanic students, and stop the riot at the school.
Overcrowding at the school was seen, at least by school officials at the time, as a cause for the incident.
2009
In February 2009, a riot involving up to 300 people either fighting or cheering took place, as school was letting out. A school resource officer, as well as a Phoenix Police officer, were assaulted, and in the end, 40 officers were called to subdue the riot. 12 people, including 10 juveniles and 2 adults, were arrested.
Notable alumni
Rashad Bauman, former NFL Player – Washington Redskins
Preston Dennard, former NFL Wide receiver – Los Angeles Rams
Byron Evans, former NFL Linebacker – Philadelphia Eagles
Dwayne Evans, 1976 Olympic Bronze Medalist
Terry Fair, former Defensive Back – Detroit Lions
Manny Hendrix, former NFL Cornerback – Dallas Cowboys
Carl Johnson, former NFL player
Steve Jordan, former NFL Player – Minnesota Vikings
Sandra Kennedy, former Minority Leader, Arizona State Senate
Jason Shivers, Defensive Back for the New York Giants
Bob Wallace, former NFL Wide receiver – Chicago Bears
Terry Wright, former NFL and CFL player
References
External links
South Mountain High School
Phoenix Union High School District website
Arizona Department of Education School Report Card
Facebook
Twitter
High schools in Phoenix, Arizona
Public high schools in Arizona
Amir Malush Abrashi (born 27 March 1990) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Swiss club Grasshoppers and the Albanian national team.
Club career
Early career
Abrashi was born in Bischofszell, Switzerland, to Albanian parents from Gjakova, Kosovo who had emigrated in Switzerland before his birth. He grew up in the Canton of Thurgau region and began his career in 2002 at the age of 12 with his hometown club, FC Bischofszell. A year later, he moved to FC Weinfelden-Bürglen, where he spent two years before returning to his hometown club FC Bischofszell. However, just a month after his return, at age of 16 Abrashi moved to Winterthur along with his family, where he joined local side FC Winterthur, the club where he would remain for the remainder of his youth career.
Winterthur
Reserve team
Following impressive performances with the youth teams, Abrashi was first called up to the reserve side towards the end of the 2006–07 season, making his debut on 16 May 2007 in a goalless draw against GC Biaschesi, coming on in the 81st minute for Micha Iseli. Ten days later he was in the starting formation for the 3–2 away win against FC Chur 97. He finished his first season with the reserve team by scoring twice in 14 appearances.
The following season, he started in the youth team but was promoted permanently a few months into the season, and on 11 November 2007 he came on as a late substitute in a 4–3 loss against FC St. Gallen II. He started the following game which was the 4–1 win against FC Herisau in which Abrashi scored his first competitive goal in the final moments. He became a regular in the squad's starting line-up for the second half of the season, scoring he second of the campaign against Baden. Abrashi played 16 matches and scored 2 goals in the 2007–08 season.
Senior team
Abrashi's impressive performance in the reserve team caught the attention of the first team coach Mathias Walther, who included the 18-year-old in his squad for the Challenge League class against La Chaux-de-Fonds on 27 April 2008. Abrashi came on as a 67th-minute substitute for fellow Albanian Sehar Fejzulahi in the 1–0 away loss. He made 2 more appearances off the bench for the senior side against FC Lugano and SR Delémont, respectively.
Abrashi had his breakthrough season during the 2008–09 campaign where he played 24 matches and scored once. That goal came on 8 August 2008 in the 0–2 away win at La Chaux-de-Fonds. He also retained his spot in the 2009–10 season, making 28 league appearances and scoring 3 goals as Winterthur finished 3rd in the championship, missing out the promotion play-off for only 3 points.
Abrashi made 55 league appearances and 3 cup appearances, scoring 5 goals before leaving for top flight side Grasshopper Club Zürich.
Grasshoppers
In July 2010, Abrashi was sent on a one-year loan at Grasshopper Club Zürich. He was handed squad number 8, and made his competitive debut on 25 July as a substitute in the team's 2–0 away loss to FC Zürich. This was also his first ever Swiss Super League appearance in his career. Abrashi was also included in Ciriaco Sforza's team for the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League campaign, making his debut on 19 August in the first leg of play-off round against Steaua București finished in a 1–0 away loss. He also played in the returning leg as the regular and extra time finished 1–0 for Grasshopper, which lead the match to penalty shootouts where the team was defeated 4–3 despite Abrashi successfully scoring his attempt.
Abrashi scored his maiden Grasshopper goal on 17 October in the 0–12 hammering of Gumefens/Sorens in the Round 2 of Swiss Cup. His first score-sheet contributions in league came on matchday 14 where he scored the opener in an eventual 2–0 home win against St. Gallen. He finished his first season with Grasshopper by making 33 appearances in all competitions, including 27 in league, scoring 4 goals, equaling his personal best set in the last season, as the team finished 7th in the championship, was eliminated in the quarter-final of Swiss Cup by Sion despite Abrashi's goal and was eliminated in the play-off round of Europa League.
Following the end of the loan, Abrashi's transfer was made permanent for a fee of €600,000. His second season in Grasshopper was marred by injuries as on 27 August 2011 in the league match against Luzern he suffered a Cruciate Ligament Rupture injury which kept him sidelined until February of the following year. Abrashi's on field return occurred on 17 March as he played in the last minutes of a 2–0 home win over Young Boys for the Swiss Super League matchday 25. He was able to make only 16 appearances during this season, 15 of them in league, collecting 1091 minutes.
Abrashi won his first silverware with Grasshopper in the 2012–13 season, as he contributed with 6 matches, including the final, as the team defeated Basel 4–3 on penalties after regular and extra time had ended 1–1 to win their 19th Swiss Cup in history. It was also the club's first trophy in 10 years. He scored his first league goal in almost two years on 19 August in the 0–2 away win over Luzern. He finished his third season with the club by playing 33 matches between league and cup, scoring 3 times as the team finished runner-up in the championship, missing the title to Basel for only 3 points.
Grasshoper's second place in the championship league meant that they have qualified in the 2013–14 UEFA Champions League third qualifying round. Abrashi made his UEFA Champions League debut on 30 July 2014 in the first leg against Lyon which finished in a 1–0 away loss. The team were also defeated in the second leg and were reduced in the UEFA Europa League play-off round where they faced Fiorentina. Abrashi scored his first and only goal of the season on 14 September in the 2013–14 Swiss Cup Round 2 against Stade Nyonnais; he netted the goal in the 121st minute to give Grasshoper a 4–1 win and progression to the next round. Abrashi made his 100th Swiss Super League appearance on 15 May 2014 in the 4–1 home win against Luzern in the matchday 35. He finished his fourth Grasshoper season by making 40 appearances in all competitions, setting a new personal best as the team finished runner-up once again in the championship.
In the 2014–15 season, Abrashi scored his first European goal. The goal came on 5 August 2014 in the returning leg of 2014–15 UEFA Champions League third qualifying round against Lille; the match finished in a 1–1 away draw which was not enough for Grasshoper who was eliminated 3–1 on aggregate. In December 2014, Abrashi announced that he would not extend his contract with the club. In February 2015, he confirmed that 2014–15 season would be his last with Grasshoper, adding that he will pursue a career outside of Switzerland. He finished his 5th and final season with Grasshopper by making 33 appearances in all competitions, including 26 in league, scoring 3 times. Overall, Abrashi played 127 matches in league, 18 in cup and 10 in UEFA competitions, scoring 11 goals in the process.
SC Freiburg
On 3 June 2015, it was announced the Abrashi had successfully completed a move to German side SC Freiburg. He was presented on the same day, where he signed the three-year deal and was given the squad number 6.
Abrashi made his official debut with the club on 27 July 2015 in the opening match of 2. Bundesliga against Nürnberg, playing full-90 minutes in a 6–3 home win. He scored his first goal for the team on 11 September in Freiburg's 2–0 defeat of Kaiserslautern. He quickly established himself in the starting lineup, becoming an important instrument in the team's midfield, playing 33 league match throughout the season, as the team achieved the promotion to Bundesliga by winning the league.
Abrashi made his Bundesliga debut on 28 August 2016 in the opening league match of 2016–17 season, playing full-90 minutes in team's 2–1 away defeat to Hertha BSC in the last moments. After remaining on the bench for half of September, he returned and scored his first top flight goal on 29 October in Freiburg's 3–1 defeat of Werder Bremen. On 19 December, he agreed a contract extension, signing until 2020, with the new deal including a significant wage rise.
In November 2017, Abrashi suffered an injury which kept him sidelined for the next two months. He returned in action in the first days of 2018 by scoring a header in a friendly versus Bundesliga side Hamburger SV which ended in a 1–1 draw. He was injured again on 10 March 2018 in the league encounter against Hertha BSC, cracking the knee in the 29th minute, which ruled him out for the remaining of the season. He remained sidelined for almost a year, returning to training only in January 2019, and played his first match a month later, starting in a goalless draw against Schalke 04.
Loan to FC Basel
On 27 January 2021, Abrashi moved on loan to Swiss club FC Basel.
Return to Grasshoppers
On 23 June 2021 he returned to Grasshoppers on a two-year contract.
International career
Switzerland
Amir Abrashi was an important player of Swiss youth national teams, earning more than 40 caps in total. The highlights of his career for Switzerland were the achievement of runner-up at the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Championship, coming on as a second-half substitute in the final against Spain (0–2), and the subsequent participation in the 2012 Summer Olympics as a regular player where Switzerland lost in the group games against the later Gold Medalist Mexico (0–1) and Bronze Medal winner South Korea (1–2), while achieving a 1–1 draw against Gabun.
Abrashi, who was serving for the Swiss Army, repeatedly stated his wish to play for the Swiss national team in the future: "That's no question for me. I grew up here and I feel like a Swiss." However, the big competition for a spot in the Swiss national team on his position of central midfield by such players as Valon Behrami, team captain Gökhan Inler, Granit Xhaka, Blerim Dzemaili, Pajtim Kasami, Gelson Fernandes, Fabian Frei, or Pirmin Schwegler made him reconsider his decision. In a long talk with Ottmar Hitzfeld in May 2013, the Swiss national team coach told Abrashi that he is following his development closely and would like Abrashi to play for Switzerland in the future, but given the competition on his position, he would need patience in order to catch a regular spot in the team. After this talk, Abrashi decided to play for the Albanian football association in the future, stating: "It hurts that I can't play for Switzerland, which would have been my first choice, but the step to become a national team player is important in this stage of my career as a footballer. I cannot wait until I'm 26."
Albania
In order to become a national team player for Albania, not only Abrashi himself but also his parents, who hail from Kosovo, had to apply for Albanian passports. On 24 May 2013, Abrashi received Albanian citizenship along with four fellow Albanian international players at the time, Jurgen Gjasula, Ilir Berisha, Azdren Llullaku, and Vullnet Basha.
Abrashi received his first call up later in June 2013 by manager Gianni De Biasi for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Norway. On 3 June, FIFA gave the go ahead for Abrashi to play for Albania also in international official matches.
Abrashi earned his first Albania cap on 14 August in a friendly match against Armenia; he played for 76 minutes as starter, helping the team win 2–0 at Qemal Stafa Stadium. Abrashi was part of the team also for the September matches against Slovenia and Iceland; his competitive debut occurred against Slovenia, who defeated Albania 1–0 at Stožice Stadium, with Abrashi playing in the last 10 minutes.
Abrashi was called up for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification matches against Slovenia on 6 September 2013 and Iceland on 10 September 2013. He made his official international debut on 6 September 2013 against Slovenia coming on as a substitute in the 80th minute in place of Migjen Basha. Abrashi made three appearances in Albania's unsuccessful campaign, as they ended Group E in fifth place with only 11 points.
On 21 May 2016, Abrashi was named in Albania's preliminary 27-man squad for UEFA Euro 2016, and in Albania's final 23-man UEFA Euro squad on 31 May.
Abrashi played every minute of all Group A matches as Albania were eliminated by ranking in the 3rd place behind hosts France against which they lost 2–0 and Switzerland against which they also lost 1–0 in the opening match and ahead of Romania by beating them 1–0 in the closing match with a goal by Armando Sadiku. Albania finished the group in the third position with three points and with a goal difference –2, and was ranked last in the third-placed teams, which eventually eliminated them.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Albania's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Abrashi goal.
Honours
Club
Grasshopper
Swiss Cup: 2012–13
Swiss Super League: Runner-up 2012–13, 2013–14
SC Freiburg
2. Bundesliga: 2015–16
Switzerland U21
UEFA Under-21 European Championship runner-up:2011
References
External links
football.ch profile
Amir Abrashi profile at FSHF.org
Amir Abrashi – Euro 2016 profile at FSHF.org
1990 births
Living people
People from Weinfelden District
Swiss people of Albanian descent
Association football midfielders
Albanian men's footballers
Swiss men's footballers
Albania international footballers
Switzerland youth international footballers
Switzerland under-21 international footballers
Footballers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Switzerland
UEFA Euro 2016 players
Grasshopper Club Zürich players
FC Winterthur players
SC Freiburg players
FC Basel players
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Challenge League players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Regionalliga players
Albanian expatriate footballers
Albanian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Sportspeople from Thurgau
Pressure Cookin' is the third album by American singing trio Labelle, released in August 1973. This release was their first and only for RCA Records, and was critically raved due to the songs that songwriter and member Nona Hendryx composed. The album is also notable for being the first album released following lead singer Patti LaBelle giving birth to her only child, son Zuri Edwards (she recorded the album while still pregnant with Zuri).
Among notable songs were "Something in the Air"/"The Revolution Will Not Be Televised", in which all three bandmates, Patti LaBelle, Nona Hendryx and Sarah Dash each shared a rap, the biographical "(Can I Speak to You Before You Go to) Hollywood", which was inspired by the events following former member Cindy Birdsong ditching the group during its Blue Belles tenure to join The Supremes and which featured all three members having notable lead vocal parts, mainly from Dash, while Hendryx sang in the beginning and Patti LaBelle sang the following verses, the soulful ballad "Last Dance" and the bossa nova-inspired "Let Me See You in the Light".
Despite RCA releasing the Stevie Wonder composition, "Open Up Your Heart", the album failed to become a success. In spite of its initial failure, the album has gone on to become a cult classic and is considered a revolutionary album because few female groups talked so openly about social issues and other topics. Wonder was uncredited due to contractual reasons - the production credit was listed as "Vicki Wickham and friend". Musicians on this track included members out of a Philadelphia-based band, Buff, and others from a Latin-black band from Queens called Harlem River Drive. Several of them would morph to become Labelle's road band, including guitarist, Eddie Martinez.
Track listing
All songs written and composed by Nona Hendryx, except where noted.
Side A
"Pressure Cookin'" - 3:00
"Medley: Something in the Air/The Revolution Will Not Be Televised" (Speedy Keen/Gil-Scott Heron) - 5:50
"Sunshine (Woke Me Up This Morning)" - 3:18
"(Can I Speak Before You Go To) Hollywood" - 6:38
Side B
"Mr. Music Man" - 4:05
"Goin' On a Holiday" - 3:21
"Let Me See You in the Light" - 6:13
"Open Up Your Heart" (Stevie Wonder) - 3:25
"Last Dance" - 4:15
Personnel
LaBelle
Patti LaBelle - vocals
Nona Hendryx - vocals
Sarah Dash - vocals
Musicians
Buzz Feiten, Eddie Martinez, Hank Redd - guitars
Leroi Conley - guitars, percussion (congas, tambourine)
Andre Lewis - organ, electric piano, clavinet, bass guitar, drums, percussion, arrangements
Luther Eaddy - organ
Carmine Rojas - bass guitar
Larry Davis, Emry Thomas - drums
Daniel Ben Zebulon - percussion
Technical
Mike Moran, Tom Brown - recording engineers
Roger Williams - artwork, design
Bob Gruen - photography
References
External links
''Pressure Cookin''' on Discogs.com
1973 albums
Labelle albums
Albums produced by Vicki Wickham
Albums produced by Stevie Wonder
RCA Records albums
Mohammed Zakir Asdullah is an Indian weightlifter. He won the silver medal in the Men's 77 kg category at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
References
Indian male weightlifters
Living people
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for India
Weightlifters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in weightlifting
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Indian people
21st-century Indian people
Periclepsis accinctana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in North Africa, where it has been recorded from Tunisia and Morocco.
References
Archipini
Moths described in 1915
Moths of Africa
Taxa named by Pierre Chrétien
Taungoo Township or Toungoo Township is a township in Taungoo District in the Bago Region of Burma. The principal town is Taungoo.
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Taungoo District
Brian G. Case (14 January 1958) is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s. He played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Blackbrook, Warrington, Wigan and Leigh, as a , i.e. number 8 or 10.
Background
Brian Case's birth was registered in St. Helens, Lancashire, England.
Playing career
Warrington
Case played for Warrington from 1976 to 1982, scoring 14 tries in 191 appearances. In January 1983, he joined Wigan for a transfer fee of £50,000.
John Player Trophy Final appearances
Case played left-, i.e. number 11, in Warrington's 14-16 defeat by Widnes in the 1978–79 John Player Trophy Final during the 1977–78 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Saturday 28 April 1979, and played right-, i.e. number 10, in the 12-5 victory over Barrow in the 1980–81 John Player Trophy Final during the 1980–81 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 24 January 1981.
Wigan
Championship appearances
Brian Case played in Wigan's victory in the Championship during the 1986–87 season.
Premiership Final appearances
Brian Case played left-, i.e. number 8, in Wigan's 8-0 victory over Warrington in the Premiership Final during the 1986–87 season at Old Trafford, Manchester on Sunday 17 May 1987.
World Club Challenge
Brian Case played right-, i.e. number 10, in Wigan's 8-2 victory over Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in the 1987 World Club Challenge at Central Park, Wigan on Wednesday 7 October 1987.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Brian Case played right-, i.e. number 10, in Wigan's 28-24 victory over Hull F.C. in the 1985 Challenge Cup Final during the 1984–85 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 4 May 1985, and played left-, i.e. number 8, in the 32-12 victory over Halifax in the 1988 Challenge Cup Final during the 1987–88 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 30 April 1988.
County Cup Final appearances
Brian Case played right-, i.e. number 10, in Warrington's 26-10 victory over Wigan in the 1980 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1980–81 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens, on Saturday 4 October 1980, played right- in Wigan's 18-26 defeat by St. Helens in the 1984 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1984–85 season at Central Park, Wigan on Sunday 28 October 1984, played as an interchange/substitute, i.e. number 15, (replacing Shaun Edwards) in the 34-8 victory over Warrington in the 1985 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1985–86 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens, on Sunday 13 October 1985, played right- in Wigan's 15-8 victory over Oldham in the 1986 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1986–87 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens, on Sunday 19 October 1986, and played left-, i.e. number 8, in the 28-16 victory over Warrington in the 1987 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1987–88 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens, on Sunday 11 October 1987.
John Player Trophy Final appearances
Brian Case played as an interchange/substitute, i.e. number 15, (replacing Graeme West) in Wigan's 15-4 victory over Leeds in the 1982–83 John Player Trophy Final during the 1982–83 season at Elland Road, Leeds on Saturday 22 January 1983, and played right-, i.e. number 10, in the 18-4 victory over Warrington in the 1986–87 John Player Special Trophy Final during the 1986–87 season at Burnden Park, Bolton on Saturday 10 January 1987.
Notable tour matches
Brian Case played left-, i.e. number 8, in Wigan's 14-8 victory over New Zealand in the 1985 New Zealand rugby league tour of Great Britain and France match at Central Park, Wigan on Sunday 6 October 1985.
Leigh
In August 1989, Case and his team-mate Ian Potter were signed by Leigh for a combined fee of £62,500. He played 43 times for the club before retiring in 1991.
International honours
Case won a cap for England while at Warrington in 1981 against France, and won caps for Great Britain while at Wigan in 1984 against Australia, and New Zealand (3 matches), in 1987 against Papua New Guinea; and in 1988 against Papua New Guinea, and Australia (interchange/substitute). He also played three times for Lancashire three times.
References
External links
Statistics at wigan.rlfans.com
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
1958 births
Living people
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Leigh Centurions players
Missing middle or first names
Rugby league players from St Helens, Merseyside
Rugby league props
Warrington Wolves players
Wigan Warriors players
Lee Yi-chieh (; born 1992) is a Taiwanese actress.
Lee appeared in (2010) as Laichun. She won the best newcomer award at the 2011 Chinese Film Media Awards for her work in that film. Lee was Ximin, a college student, in (2018). Lee's character in Wild Sparrow (2019) was a young woman living in Zhongli District, struggling with romantic relationships and maintaining employment while raising her son. Lee shared the Best Actress Award at the Taipei Film Awards that year, with . It was the first time that the award was given to two recipients.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Taiwanese film actresses
21st-century Taiwanese actresses
Theorema is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
The members (species) of this genus are found in the Neotropical realm.
Species
Theorema eumenia Hewitson, 1865 Colombia, Costa Rica, Panama.
Theorema sapho (Staudinger, 1888) Colombia
Theorema dysmenia Draudt, 1919 Colombia.
References
Further reading
Funet
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by William Chapman Hewitson
Saint-Mars-sur-la-Futaie is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France. It is notable as the site of the oldest known tree in France, a Hawthorn growing alongside the church, and reputedly planted in the 3rd century.
See also
Communes of the Mayenne department
References
Saintmarssurlafutaie
Trollstigen (or trollstigvegen; ) is a serpentine mountain road and pass in Rauma Municipality, Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
It is part of Norwegian County Road 63 that connects the town of Åndalsnes in Rauma and the village of Valldal in Norddal Municipality. It is a popular tourist attraction due to its steep incline of 10% and eleven hairpins bends up a steep mountainside. During the top tourist season, about 2,500 vehicles pass daily. During the 2012 season, 161,421 vehicles traversed the route, compared to 155,230 vehicles during 2009.
The road is narrow with many sharp bends, and although several bends were widened during 2005 to 2012, vehicles over long are prohibited from driving the road. During the 2011 and 2012 seasons, buses up to were temporarily allowed as a trial. At the plateau there is a car park and several viewing balconies overlooking the bends and the Stigfossen waterfall. Stigfossen falls down the mountainside. The pass has an elevation of approximately .
Trollstigen is closed during late autumn and winter. A normal operating season stretches from mid-May to October, but may sometimes be shorter or longer due to weather conditions.
Etymology
Trollstigen means the troll path or troll trail, from the Norwegian stig (also spelled sti), from Old Norse stigr.
History
Trollstigen was opened on 31 July 1936, by King Haakon VII after eight years of construction.
A major tourist facility including a restaurant was completed in 2012. Several viewing platforms have been constructed and older constructions improved upon. Trollstigen (along with County Road 63) was officially opened as a national tourist route by the Minister of Transport and Communications on 16 June 2012. Trollstigen itself (and the alpine summits to the west) lies within the Trollstigen landscape protection area, while the alpine area east of Trollstigen, including the Trolltindene range, is part of Reinheimen National Park.
In the summer of 2005, the road was repaired and about was spent on protection against rockfall, making the road safer to drive on.
In June 2021, Telia Norge commissioned an eco-friendly mobile base station powered entirely by solar, wind and hydrogen, therefore providing mobile phone coverage at Trollstigen for the first time ever.
Opening and closing dates
Gallery
See also
List of highest paved roads in Europe
List of mountain passes
List of waterfalls
Stelvio Pass
Transfăgărășan
References
External links
See 360° VR panorama of Trollstigen here t
Google Earth view
Geography of Møre og Romsdal
Roads in Møre og Romsdal
Norwegian County Road 63
Rauma, Norway
Erythrina alkaloids, generally containing benzyl-tetrahydroisoquinoline structure, are widely distributed in Erythrina species, a genus of plants which belong to the Fabaceae family in tropical and subtropical regions. The Erythrina alkaloids can be found in several organs of Erythrina trees but are primarily found in their seeds. They display several unique properties, and are the subject of active scientific research relating to their synthesis and bioactivity.
Two kinds of alkaloids are isolated from the Erythrina plants. One is Erythrina alkaloid, the other one is HomoErythrina alkaloid. The shared feature of Erythrina alkaloids is the Erythrinane skeleton, which is a tetracyclic spiroamine structure containing 4 rings, labeled A, B, C and D, respectively.
Structure
The skeletal structures of both Erythrina and HomoErythrina alkaloid contain 4 rings. The D ring is generally aromatic. It can be benzene or heterocyclic ring. The difference between Erythrina and HomoErythrina alkaloids is the C ring's member amount. The configuration of the 5-carbon is always S in all known isolated alkaloids. Some of the Erythrina alkaloids have 3-alkyloxy substituents on A ring, and the configuration of 3-carbon is always R. But in HomoErythrina alkaloids, it varies between R and S at 3-carbon. The Erythrina alkaloids have three basic categories: dienoid, alkenoid and lactonic alkaloids. Some other different types of Erythrina alkaloids are also reported but they are relatively rare. Generally, Alkenoid and Dienoid alkaloids are more common and widely researched in synthesis and pharmacology studies. Some other special Erythrina and HomoErythrina alkaloids are also identified, and they have generally lactonic and pyridine D rings. Scientists are researching the properties of these alkaloids, mostly to see if there are potential applications on neuroscience.
Isolation and synthesis
From early research in the 1930s of the American biochemist Karl Folkers, it was believed that Erythrina plant's seeds extracts have curare-like action. Other works had shown that the alkaloids could show antiepileptic, anticonvulsant and tranquilizing effects. Some alkaloids with particular bioactivities like Erythraline, plenty of them were first isolated and identified by Venancio Deulofeu in 1947. Even Karl Folkers isolated Erysodine and Erysopine in 1940, but some other free alkaloids still existed in the Erythrina seeds extract mixture. A considerable amount of Erythrina alkaloids were found to be competitive neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors antagonists. Thus, the structures and properties of the alkaloids do inspire new drug development. Till now, 143 compounds in the family are identified from Erythrina.
Biosynthesis
The biosynthesis pathway of this kind of alkaloid and derivatives was first proposed by D. H. R. Barton and his colleagues in 1968. They had proposed a key 9-membered ring intermediate. They produce erysodienone as the primary Erythrinan derivative. Using the precursor, other kinds of Erythrina alkaloids are produced.
Later on, M. H. Zenk revised it and confirmed the 9-membered ring is the biosynthetic pathway in 1999. The biosynthetic pathway showed the precursor of the key intermediate erysodienone had a structure like dopamine, which also can suggest the metabolism was highly related to dopamine, a key signaling molecule in neural system.
Chemical synthesis inspired by biosynthesis
The pathway had inspired some synthetic chemistry researchers' work to synthesize few other alkaloids in the family. Few works have been reported as the biosynthetic pathway was revealed. In 2016, T. Fukuyama's group developed a concise route to synthesize several Erythrina alkaloids, including erythraline and erystamidine. In fact, since most of the alkenoids and dienoids share the same skeletal structure, the approach can easily get most of the alkaloids with substrate adjustments.
Bioactivities
In 2013, Tadahiro Etoh and Yong Pil Kim found that transforming growth factor (TGF)-β-activated kinase (TAK1) was one of the target molecules of erythraline likely involved in its anti-inflammatory effect. Therefore, erythraline may show the effect on inflammatory diseases, such as rheumatism and hepatitis, through inhibition of TAK1.
Still, few alkaloids showed selectivity for b2-containing nAChRs, particularly thea4b2 subtype. W. P. Santos has reported in vitro and ex vivo anti-cholinesterase activities of Erythrina velutina leaf extracts, containing a relatively high fraction of the alkaloids. Aqueous extract and alkaloids rich extract crossed the blood-brain barrier to inhibit cholinesterase activity in the brain. Aqueous extract and alkaloids rich extract also exhibited a dual inhibitory action on acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase.
M. M. Mohammed's research in 2012 found that crude alkaloidal fraction caused a reduction in the viability of mock-infected MT-4 cells with a CC50 of 53 μM and a 50% protection of MT-4 cells against HIV-1 induced cytopathogenicity with a EC50 of >53 μM, compared with EFV as a positive control, which had a CC50 of 45 μM and an EC50 of 0.003 μM.
References
Alkaloids found in Fabaceae
Erythrina
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1645.
Events
December – William Cavendish, later Duke of Newcastle, marries Margaret Lucas, whom he has met while in exile in France.
unknown dates
With the London theatres closed by the Puritan regime during the English Civil War, closet drama grows in prominence. Henry Burkhead's Cola's Fury, or Lirenda's Misery is written in this genre and the sisters Jane Cavendish and Elizabeth Egerton probably complete their The Concealed Fansyes while besieged.
New books
Prose
Edward Herbert, 1st Baron Herbert of Cherbury
De Causis Errorum (On the Causes of Errors)
De Religione Laici (On the Religion of the Laity)
John Milton
Colasterion
Tetrachordon
Elizabeth Richardson, Baroness Cramond – A Lady's Legacy to her Daughters
Alexander Ross
Medicus Medicatus
The Philosophical Touchstone
Francisco Manuel de Melo – Guerra de Cataluña
Horacio Carochi – Arte de la lengua mexicana
Daniello Bartoli – L'huomo di lettere
Hermann Busenbaum – Medulla theologiae moralis
Drama
Luis Quiñones de Benavente – Jocoseria. Burlas veras, o reprensión moral y festiva de los desórdenes públicos
Molière – Le Médecin volant
Paul Scarron – Jodelet
Poetry
John Milton – Poems of Mr. John Milton, Both English and Latin, compos'd at several times (dated this year, published early 1646)
Sheikh Muhammad – Yoga-samgrama
Edmund Waller – Poems
Births
August 14 – Carlos de Sigüenza y Góngora, Mexican priest, poet, geographer, and historian (died 1700)
August 16 or 17 – Jean de La Bruyère, French essayist (died 1696)
Unknown date – Edmund Bohun, English historian, publicist and political writer (died 1699)
Deaths
April 17 – Daniel Featley, English Calvinist theologian (born 1582)
August 28 – Hugo Grotius, Dutch polymath (born 1583)
August 31 – Francesco Bracciolini, Italian poet (born 1566)
September 8 – Francisco de Quevedo, Spanish nobleman, politician and poet (born 1580)
Unknown dates
Feng Menglong (馮夢龍), Chinese vernacular poet and author (born 1574)
William Lithgow, Scottish travel writer (born 1582)
John Paul Nazarius, Italian Dominican theologian (born 1556)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Nirmala Convent Higher Secondary School is a Roman Catholic school located in Sironj, Madhya Pradesh, India. It offers primary and secondary education. The school was founded in 1973.
References
External links
NCHSS page
Catholic secondary schools in India
Primary schools in India
High schools and secondary schools in Madhya Pradesh
Christian schools in Madhya Pradesh
Vidisha district
Educational institutions established in 1973
1973 establishments in Madhya Pradesh
Thamar Dillon Thomas Banda ("TDT") was a politician in Nyasaland in the years prior to independence.
He was President-General of the Nyasaland African Congress (NAC) from 1957 to 1958, and founded the Congress Liberation Party in 1959.
Background
TDT Banda was a Tonga born in Nkhata Bay on the shores of Lake Nyasa in around 1910. He had spent most if not all of the 1940s abroad in Southern Rhodesia before returning to Nyasaland, when he joined the Nkhata Bay branch of NAC.
The Nyasaland African Congress was organized by James Frederick Sangala and Levi Zililo Mumba, and inaugurated in October 1944 with Mumba as President.
Sangala, Mumba and their associates had a vision of the NAC becoming "the mouthpiece of the Africans", cooperating with the government and other colonial bodies "in any matters necessary to speed up the progress of Nyasaland".
By the mid-1950s, African leaders in European colonies throughout Africa were encouraged by the example of Ghana's independence to take a more aggressive stand in seeking independence.
NAC Secretary-General
TDT Banda had sought to stand for a seat in the Legislative Council (LegCo) in March 1956 when the constitution was amended to allow five instead of three seats to Africans, but the NAC nominated Nephas Kwenje in his place. Possibly as a consolation, he was instead elected Secretary-General of the Congress on 30 March 1956.
Sangala, now President of the Congress, and TDT Banda were arrested by the colonial authorities and tried for sedition in May 1956.
The charges related to a "seditious publication" handed by Banda to the editor of the Nyasaland Times. The charge was the subject of a question in the British House of Commons.
A delegation of women traveled by bus to the High Court in Zomba led by Rose Chibambo, the Treasurer of the NAC and later the organizer of the Malawi Congress Party Women's League after 1958.
The women were arrested after demonstrating, chanting:
"War! War! War today!We are going to have war.We don't want, we don't want, we don't want federation.We want freedom today!"
Sangala was not an accomplished public speaker, while TDT was in his element at rallies. According to Henry Chipembere, his "habit of yelling and performing acrobatics on the platform earned him the nickname wakufuntha (the insane one)".
In January 1957, activists persuaded the veteran Sangala to step down and replaced him by the younger TDT.
NAC President
The colonial authorities had created the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland in 1953, an unpopular measure with Congress leaders, and had allocated two seats in the federal parliament for African MPs from Nyasaland. Sangala had accepted the decision of two Congress members to take these seats against opposition from members of the Congress who opposed participation in such an unrepresentative body.
In 1957, TDT Banda called on the Congress to ask the two MPs to withdraw. When they refused, in July 1957 they were expelled from the party.
In September–October 1957, Congress leaders met government representative to discuss constitutional changes. Observers at these meetings said that TDT did not perform well. He lacked "intellectual clarity and depth" and was often confused. Shortly after, the government withdrew recognition of Congress as the official representatives of Africans.
TDT Banda endorsed a strike by the Transport and Allied Workers Union.
He was the first to mobilize youth to spread awareness of the NAC as "Kwacha builders".
TDT Banda attended the celebrations in Ghana in March 1957, where he met Dr. Hastings Banda (not a relative) and asked him to return to Nyasaland to lead the nationalist movement.
In July 1958, Hastings Banda did return. TDT had been forced to resign on charges of misappropriating funds, and Hastings Banda was elected President of the NAC in his place.
TDT had failed to satisfy either the radicals or the conservative old guard in his party.
Later Hastings Banda was arrested and the NAC banned.
Later career
In March 1961, TDT Banda formed the Congress Liberation Party (CLP) along with Chester Katsonga, who had founded the Christian Democratic Party in October 1960. Other moderates, including Gilbert Pondeponde, David Mukumphi Chirwa and N. D. Kwenje, also joined this party as well as all the members of the Nkata Bay branch of the NAC, including Filemon Phiri. Chester Katsonga's house was burned down by members of the League of Malawi Youth; Gilbert Pondeponde was murdered by members of the same group; the Malawi Congress Party, successor to the NAC, through such intimidation as well as widespread popular support, won the 1962 elections overwhelmingly, and TDT Banda and other members of the old guard of the Congress faded into oblivion and were rarely heard of again.
References
Sources
Nyasaland African Congress politicians
The Dark Eye: Memoria (also known as Memoria) is a 2013 German point-and-click adventure game, developed and published by Daedalic Entertainment. The game is part of the video game series based on The Dark Eye, and is a direct sequel to Chains of Satinav. The game's story takes place after the events of the previous game, and focus upon Geron's quest to find a way to help his fairy Nuri recover, only to become caught in trying to unravel the mystery behind the disappearance of a heroic princess called Sadja and the quest she undertook.
Following its release, the game received favourable reviews.
Ports for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch were released on January 27, 2021.
Gameplay
The player views the character on screen as if the player were standing and observing. The player is able to direct the character's actions by clicking on objects in the area. The character interact with the object, usually including dialogue that lets the player know if this action will help them to move forward in the game. The game progresses in a linear fashion with a prologue and eight distinct chapters.
Plot
In The Dark Eye: Memoria, the plot is divided into a story within a story structure. In the present time we follow once again bird catcher Geron where he tries to restore his lover Nuri, a forest fairy, who turned into a raven at the conclusion of the previous game. He meets a merchant named Fahi at the beginning of the game who promises Geron that he has the power to restore Nuri back to her humanoid form; all Geron has to do is to solve the fate of an ancient story about the heroic princess Sadja from the exotic land of Fasar, whom everybody has forgotten during the past 450 years.
Characters
The main characters are:
Geron's time
Geron: The protagonist from the previous game, Geron is a birdcatcher with some magical ability. His goal is to restore the fairy Nuri to her original form.
Nuri: Geron's love interest from the previous game, Nuri is a fairy who has been transformed into a raven. She is slowly losing her memories of her previous life.
Fahi: A Tulamede merchant, Fahi is the secret companion to Halef, who protects him from mobs in return for services. Fahi promises to transform Nuri back into a fairy if Geron can help him solve a riddle. Fahi's ability to see into the past of objects provides the key to the story's resolution.
Bryda: An apprentice mage who assists Geron in his attempts to solve the riddle.
Owlric: An elderly mage.
Sadja's time
Sadja: A young woman living 450 years before Geron's time, Sadja is determined to make a name for herself and leave a great legacy of her exploits. She seeks out the fortress of Drakonia, where she hopes to join the battle against demon hordes of Nether Hells.
Halef (Staff): A former servant of Malakkar, Halef was transformed into a magic staff as punishment by his master. He is discovered by Sadja and forms a strong bond with her during her quest to Drakonia. After Sadja's disappearance, Halef waited for centuries to accumulate enough magic to create a body for himself and seek out the truth of her fate.
Rachwan: A tribal outcast that acts as guide to Sadja but repeatedly betrays her.
Prince Kasim: An arrogant prince who attempts to unlock the secrets of the Djinn of Time to create a kingdom bound to his rule.
Reception
Domestic press
Eurogamer Germany praised the game calling it "...what Daedalic was striving for all these years: A fantastical, but at the same time mature, Adventure, well thought-out and a personal experience through and through.". While Game Star praised the title's visual design and style calling it an"...atmospherically dense Adventure impresses with its beautifully drawn and lovingly detailed game world."
International reviews
The game received generally favourable reviews achieving an average Metascore of 79 out of 100 based on 43 critic reviews. Ryan Bates at Game Revolution was critical of the games puzzles stating "The puzzles don't always make sense in Memoria to the point that it repeatedly made me quit in frustration."Sales
By 2016, Memoria was Daedalic's second-highest-grossing game behind The Dark Eye: Blackguards. The company's Carsten Fichtelmann attributed this success to "a high rate of full price sales", compared to the greater sales quantity but lower revenue of the Deponia'' series.
References
External links
(archived)
2013 video games
Adventure games
Daedalic Entertainment games
Fantasy video games
MacOS games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
Point-and-click adventure games
Video game sequels
Video games based on tabletop role-playing games
Video games developed in Germany
Video games featuring female protagonists
Windows games
Xbox One games
Arocet Inc was an American aircraft manufacturer established by Tom Hamilton in Arlington, Washington in the 1980s to market military derivatives of the Glasair III homebuilt aircraft that Hamilton had worked on as part of Stoddard-Hamilton Aircraft.
Products
Arocet AT-9 (1988) Turboprop engine two-seat low-wing monoplane with retractable undercarriage. One built
References
aerofiles.com
Defunct aircraft manufacturers of the United States
Companies based in Arlington, Washington
Buddy and Towser is a 1934 American Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon directed by Friz Freleng. The cartoon was released on February 24, 1934, and features Buddy, the second star of the series.
Summary
Buddy enlists his dog, Towser, to guard his award-winning chickens. A fox penetrates Buddy's property as Towser and Buddy sleep, but the chickens, initially, are able to repel the fox by throwing their eggs at it. In its escape, the fox awakens Towser, who proceeds to bark, awakening his owner, and chase the fox.
Towser is joined in the chase by Buddy, who now wields a shotgun (that he is humorously unable to handle.) Eventually, Buddy and Towser run up a snowy hill after the fox, which then crashes into a tree, tumbles backwards, and finds itself trapped in an increasingly large snowball, which soon envelops Towser and Buddy. At the foot of the hill, the snowball breaks apart on impact with a shed, leaving Buddy, Towser, and the fox momentarily dazed.
Coming to their senses, Buddy and Towser each take a plank of wood and aim to hit the fox, which sits between them; but the fox comes to and scurries away, leaving Buddy to accidentally whack Towser, and vice versa, as the cartoon ends.
References
External links
1934 films
1934 animated films
American black-and-white films
Animated films about dogs
Animated films about foxes
Films scored by Norman Spencer (composer)
Short films directed by Friz Freleng
Buddy (Looney Tunes) films
Looney Tunes shorts
Warner Bros. Cartoons animated short films
1930s Warner Bros. animated short films
Turku Airport , is located in Turku, Finland, north of the center, in Lentokenttä (Finnish for 'airfield'; ) district in the Maaria-Paattinen ward of Turku. It serves approximately 450,000 passengers per year, being the fourth busiest airport in Finland by the number of passengers (in 2019) and second busiest airport by the amount of cargo tonnes (in 2012). Turku Airport is exclusively operated by the state-owned company Finavia. Among normal operation the airport offers differentiated service specifically designed for low-cost airlines since 2008.
Turku Airport and its surroundings are marketed as LogiCity in hopes to attract logistic companies and manufacturers near the airport.
History
Early years
Turku Airport was Finland's first civilian airport when it was built in Artukainen in 1935, but already in the 1920s there was a water airport on Ruissalo Island. Artukainen served as a main airport of Turku until the new airport was built in the municipality of Rusko in 1955. The location became part of Turku in 1957. A new terminal building was opened in 1978. The runway was upgraded to 2500 m in 1980. An air cargo terminal was opened in 1991 as well as an air cargo plate. Terminal 1 was renovated and enlarged in 1999. In the 1990s, Lufthansa CityLine operated flights to Hamburg and ELK Airways to Tallinn.
Development during the 2000s
A second cargo terminal was opened in 2003 and a second passenger terminal for low-cost airlines in 2008. Wizz Air launched flights to Turku in April 2008 and AirBaltic in July 2009. Wingo xprs operated flights to Stockholm-Bromma in spring 2009 and Jet Air to Gdańsk in 2009–2010.
Development since the 2010s
Norwegian Air Shuttle flew to Stockholm-Arlanda and Flybe Nordic to Tallinn during the winter season 2011–2012. Ryanair operated flights to Brussels-Charleroi, London-Stansted, Málaga and Barcelona-Girona only during the summer season 2012. According to Ryanair the period was very successful but they could not tolerate the raised airport costs of Finavia and promised to return all routes as soon as the price raise would be withdrawn. During the Ryanair's stay there was a 27% growth on passenger statistics. Turku Airport was closed partially in July 2014 for the renovation of the runway and taxiways. Terminal 1 and the passenger apron were also renovated; Finavia budgeted 14 million euros for the renovations and improvements. However, Scandinavian Airlines flights to Copenhagen, one of the most important destinations operated since 2006, were discontinued after the renovations. This had an immediate impact in passenger volumes.
Terminal 2 was closed and its passenger services migrated to the main terminal due to an oil leakage clean up of a spare power unit in autumn 2014. In June 2015 Finavia announced that the low-cost terminal would be completely demolished and the low-cost concept would be continued in the first floor of main terminal in new premises.
Logicity
Logicity started as a project of Pilot Turku Ltd (founded in 2003) but is now operated by Turku Municipal Property Corporation after the contract with Pilot Turku Ltd ended in 2010. LogiCity will be a logistic hub built around Turku Airport. Logicity is supposed to link the different modes of transportation together. The location is considered ideal due to facts that Turku Airport is just 20 minutes from the seaports of Turku and Naantali, whose combined values are comparable to the Port of Vuosaari in Helsinki. Both E18 highway to St. Petersburg and E63 to Tampere go via Turku Airport, and also rail transport connection to Russia and China passes by the Logicity area. Pilot Turku describes the Turku Region as "the meeting point of the East, the West and the Nordic countries" and as "the multimodal transport centre of the Nordic Triangle".
Logicity is estimated to create at least 3,000 to 5,000 new jobs. The length of the runway at Turku airport has an option to be upgraded to reach to meet new demands. There are several plans set for the nearby area: new roads, commercial centres, retail parks, industrial estates, logistic terminals and offices. In fact there is already a big commercial area along with the E18 ring road just few kilometers from the airport. Logicity is planned in two phases: Phase One allows to build of floorspace and Phase Two will increase it to . The project is regionally important and many towns near the airport (including Turku) are involved in the project as shareholders of Pilot Turku Ltd e.g. Kaarina, Lieto and Naantali.
Currently in 2015, there are three zoning plans pending in the Logicity area: the northern side of the runway, the railway sites on the east and the industrial zones near the railway.
Airlines and destinations
The following airlines operate regular scheduled and charter flights at Turku Airport:
Statistics
Passengers
* During 2014 the airport was operating only 11 months due to renovation of the runway
Freight and mail
Finavia has not published Turku Airport's cargo statistics since 2014; 2015–2019 by Eurostat
See also
List of the largest airports in the Nordic countries
References
External links
Finavia – Turku Airport (official site)
AIP Finland – Turku Airport
Pilot Turku
Turku Air
Ground handling services - Inter Handling
Airports in Finland
Airport
Airport
Airport
International airports in Finland
Hanamune Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 25 km2. The dam impounds about 35 ha of land when full and can store 3289 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1952.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1952 establishments in Japan
Uncle Art's Funland (also known as Funland and as Uncle Nugent's Funland) is a long-running syndicated weekly puzzle and entertainment feature originated by Art Nugent (1891–1975). Featuring jokes, riddles, and paper-and-pencil word games, math challenges, nonograms, connect-the-dots art, crossword puzzles and anagrams, Funland has appeared in newspapers and comic books since 1933, and has been syndicated regularly since 1950.
Nugent credited Uncle Art's Funland's ongoing success "to its being one of the few newspaper features created exclusively for children. 'Some cartoons aren't really meant for children,' Nugent says. 'The language is too complicated and the jokes are too hard for them to understand.' With Uncle Art's Funland, however, toddlers enjoy coloring the pictures, while older children work the puzzles."
Publication history
Origins
After World War I, Nugent worked as the New York Worlds puzzle cartoonist for eight years."Arthur Nugent, 84, Who Drew 'Funland' Puzzle Page, Is Dead," The New York Times (March 27, 1975). For the World, Nugent created a feature called Puzzlers in 1927, which was syndicated until c. 1931 by the World's Press Publishing Co. Puzzlers had the same elements that characterized Uncle Art's Funland, launched in 1933, which introduced Nugent's autobiographical character, Uncle Nugent (a.k.a. Uncle Art''').
In comic books
After initially failing to be syndicated in 1933, Nugent took his puzzle page concept to the new medium of comic books. Essentially the same concept as Uncle Art's Funland, the single-page feature was published in many Golden Age comics in the 1930s and 1940s. Funland was published in almost every issue of Eastern Color Printing's Famous Funnies from 1934 to 1948. Other publishers who ran the feature — under a variety of titles — during this period included Dell Comics, All-American Publications, Harvey Comics, DC Comics, Holyoke Publishing, and Toby Press.
Syndicated feature
Beginning in 1950, Funland was regularly syndicated until after Nugent's death. Originally syndicated by the Bell-McClure Syndicate, it became part of United Feature Syndicate in 1972, lasting there until 1991. In 1975, Funland was being distributed by United Features to more than 100 newspapers.
Nugent's son Art Nugent, Jr. (1926–1997) took over Uncle Art's Funland in the early 1970s with occasional contributions by the elder Nugent until 1974.Uncle Art's Funland ended in 1991 but was revived in circa 2009 by United Media. It is now distributed by Andrews McMeel Syndication under the United Features brand. Today, the puzzle is produced by N.A. Nugent (hypothesized by some to be "Not A Nugent").Degg, D. D. "Comic strip reruns with current year copyright," rec.arts.comics.strips (July 31, 2017).
Comic books
Essentially the same concept as Uncle Art's Funland, the single-page feature was published in many Golden Age comics under a variety of titles:
Famous Funnies #1–162 (Eastern Color Printing, 1934–1948) — as Funland and occasionally Funland Everybody's Playmate Popular Comics #1–35 (Dell Comics, 1936–1938) — as Nugent's Originals or Real Magic The Comics (Dell Comics, 1938) — as Comics Puzzles or A Page for Little Artists The Funnies #1-27 (Dell Comics, 1936–1938) — as Home Magic or Everybody's Playmate All-American Comics #1–24 (All-American Publications, 1939–1941) — as Real Magic to Mystify Your Friends or Nugent's Original Puzzles, Games, Tricks & Comics Champ Comics (Harvey Comics, 1940–1943) — as Champ Puzzlers All-American Comics, Sensation Comics, and Wonder Woman (DC Comics, 1943–1944) — as Victory Puzzles All-Flash, All-American Comics, and Detective Comics (DC Comics, 1943–1945) — as Detective Puzzles Sparkling Stars #13–33 (Holyoke Publishing, 1946–1948) — as Puzzle Page Felix the Cat (Toby Press, 1953–1955) — as Play Fun or Puzzle PageBooks and collections
The Oakland Press published a collection of Funland puzzles (created by Art Nugent, Jr.) in The Oakland Press Funny Book (October 8, 1978).Funland: Super-Packed with Puzzles, Jokes, Amazing Facts and Lots more Exciting Fun!'', by Art Nugent and Leo White, is a 132-page paperback collection published by Playmore in 1982.
References
External links
Uncle Art's Funland at GoComics
Uncle Art's Funland at Andrews McMeel Syndication
American comic strips
1933 comics debuts
1950 comics debuts
Problem-solving
Puzzles
The Ipsut Creek Patrol Cabin was built by the United States National Park Service in 1933 in Mount Rainier National Park to house backcountry rangers. The log cabin resembles other cabins at Huckleberry Creek, Lake James and Three Lakes, all built to standard plans from the Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs, supervised by Acting Chief Architect W.G. Carnes. The cabin is approximately by , with a lean-to storage shed to the rear.
The cabin was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.
References
Government buildings completed in 1933
Park buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
Buildings and structures in Pierce County, Washington
Ranger stations in Mount Rainier National Park
Log cabins in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Mount Rainier National Park
Log buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
1933 establishments in Washington (state)
Röfingen is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
Aquae Calidae was a Roman colony of the Roman province of Mauretania Caesariensis. The Roman city has been identified with ruins at Hammam Righa in the wilaya of Chlef, Algeria, North Africa.
Data
The ruins are located at latitude 36.379474N, longitude 2.395618E near the railway town of Boumedfaâ, and is on the Oued Djer River.
The Roman colony was founded by Augustus and flourished from 30BC to about 690 AD, passing through the Vandal Kingdom and Roman Empire into late antiquity.
History
Emperor Augustus established there a colony of his veterans and the city started to grow soon in importance. Augustus even founded -in what is now coastal Algeria- the following Roman colonies: Igilgili, Saldae, Tubusuctu, Rusazu, Rusguniae, Zuccabar, Thuburnica and Gunugu. All these colonies were connected to Aquae Calidae in a military way with strong commercial links.
The importance of Aquae Calidae -as the name indicated- was from the warm waters (reaching nearly 50 C.) that were used for the local famous Roman thermae.
During the centuries of Roman domination Aquae Calidae was a small but rich city with a Forum, theater, baths, library and aqueducts, but nearly all has disappeared. Only a necropolis of the city walls has shown the abundance of evidences about Aquae Calidae Christian past. Under Septimius Severus the city probably reached 5000 inhabitants.
Occupied by the Vandals in the fifth century and damaged, the city was recovered to "Romanitas" by the Byzantines and regained importance during the sixth century.
Conquered by Arabs around 700 AD, Aquae Calidae nearly disappeared in the next two centuries.
See also
Mauretania Caesariensis
Caldas de Reis, Galicia, Spain
Notes
Roman towns and cities in Mauretania Caesariensis
Coloniae (Roman)
Ancient Berber cities
Garamduz () may refer to:
Garamduz District
Garamduz Rural District
Sarah Hadland is an English actress. She is best known for her role as Stevie Sutton in the BBC One BAFTA-nominated comedy television series Miranda (2009–2015) and Trish in The Job Lot (2013–2015).
Hadland appeared as the Ocean Sky receptionist in the 2008 James Bond film Quantum of Solace. Her other movie roles include Magicians (2007), Leap Year (2010) and Learners (2007). Hadland appeared in the comedy-drama television series Moving Wallpaper (2008–2009) as scriptwriter Gillian McGovern, and had roles in the British comedy TV shows That Mitchell and Webb Look (2008–2010), Horrible Histories (2009, 2012–2013, 2015), The Job Lot (2013–2015) and Brotherhood (2015). She appeared in the BBC miniseries The Moonstone (2016).
Early life and education
Sarah Hadland was born on May 15 and trained in dance from the age of three. During her schooling at Wilmslow High School in Cheshire, she became involved in amateur dramatics with Tempo youth group in Wilmslow. Following training at the Laine Theatre Arts College in Epsom, Surrey, she began her theatre career at the age of 19, appearing in musicals such as Cats and Grease in London's West End.
After six years, she transferred to touring theatre, including performances in Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?. During this period, she began to develop her talents as a voiceover artist, with credits including the white kitten in the Catsan commercial, squeaking: "I can't find my litter tray"; and the America surfer girl in a VO5 shampoo advert, who says: "It's great for my body." She provided additional voice work for the PlayStation 2 video game Dragon Quest VIII.
Career
Hadland's television career began with supporting roles in Bad Girls and The Bill, before she moved on to bigger roles in comedies Green Wing and Broken News. She also starred in the films Confetti and Magicians alongside comedians David Mitchell and Robert Webb, and BBC One's Learners. She also played characters for their comedy sketch show That Mitchell and Webb Look. In November 2009, Hadland joined Miranda Hart in the BBC comedy series Miranda, based upon the BBC Radio 2 series Miranda Hart's Joke Shop and featuring the same principal actors.
From 2007, she has also had a recurring role in the BBC Radio 4 comedy series Bleak Expectations, a parody of Charles Dickens's novels, and of Victoriana in general. Hadland provided the voice of Lily (née Bin) Sourquill, the daughter of Sir Philip ('Pip') Bin over the four series to date. She also voiced the characters Ripely Fecund (Pip's third wife, in series 2) and Miss Christmasham (a parody of Great Expectations''' Miss Havisham, in series 3).
In 2011, Hadland was cast as the new English teacher, Linda Radleigh, in the BBC drama Waterloo Road.
She also starred in Horrible Histories on the channel CBBC between 2009 and 2015. From 2013 to 2015, Hadland appeared as Trish in the ITV sitcom The Job Lot, set in a busy unemployment bureau in the West Midlands. On May 22, 2021 Hadland appeared on Saturday Kitchen, where she revealed that her ‘food heaven' was truffles, and her 'food hell' was aubergines, courgettes and oysters.
Filmography
Films
Television
Video games
TheatreAdmissionsCatsGreaseTime and the ConwaysWho's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?What's in a Name?Radio appearancesMr and Mrs Smith – Annabelle (series 1) – 2012Births, Deaths and Marriages – Lorna (series 1 and 2) – 2012That Mitchell and Webb Sound (series 4) – 2009Edge Falls – Valerie (series 1 and 2) – 2008Miranda Hart's Joke Shop – Stevie Sutton – 2008Bleak Expectations – Lily, Sir Phillip's daughter; Ripely Fecund, Pip's third wife (series 2–5) and Miss Christmasham (series 3) – 200720 Cigarettes'' – Lisa/Michelle/Caroline – 2006
References
External links
Living people
Actresses from London
English film actresses
English stage actresses
English television actresses
English video game actresses
English voice actresses
20th-century English actresses
21st-century English actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
In co-simulation, the different subsystems which form a coupled problem are modeled and simulated in a distributed manner. Hence, the modeling is done on the subsystem level without having the coupled problem in mind. Furthermore, the coupled simulation is carried out by running the subsystems in a black-box manner. During the simulation the subsystems will exchange data. Co-simulation can be considered as the joint simulation of the already well-established tools and semantics; when they are simulated with their suitable solvers. Co-simulation proves its advantage in validation of multi-domain and cyber physical system by offering a
flexible solution which allows consideration of multiple domains with different time steps, at the same time. As the calculation load is shared among simulators, co-simulation also enables the possibility of large scale system assessment.
Abstraction layers of co-simulation framework
The following introduction and structuration is proposed in.
Establishing a co-simulation framework can be a challenging and complex task, because it requires a strong interoperability among the participating elements, especially in case of multiple-formalism co-simulation. Harmonization, adaptation, and eventually changes of actual employed standards and protocols in individual models needs to be done to be able to integrate into the holistic framework. The generic layered structuration of co-simulation framework highlights the intersection of domains and the issues that need to be solved in the process of designing a co-simulation framework. In general, a co-simulation framework consists of five abstraction layers:
From conceptual structuration, the architecture on which the co-simulation framework is developed and the formal semantic relations/syntactic formulation are defined. The detailed technical implementation and synchronization techniques are covered in dynamic and technical layers.
Problem Partitioning - Architecture of co-simulation
The partitioning procedure identifies the process of spatial separation of the coupled problem into multiple partitioned subsystems. Information is exchanged through either ad-hoc interfaces or via intermediate buffer governed by a master algorithm. Master algorithm (where exists) is responsible for instantiating the simulators and for orchestrating the information exchange (simulator-simulator or simulator-orchestrator).
Coupling methods
Co-simulation coupling methods can be classified into operational integration and formal integration, depending on abstraction layers. In general, operational integration is used in co-simulation for a specific problem and aims for interoperability at dynamic and technical layers (i.e. signal exchange). On the other hand, formal integration allows interoperability in semantic and syntactic level via either model coupling or simulator coupling. Formal integration often involves a master federate to orchestrate the semantic and syntactic of the interaction among simulators.
From a dynamic and technical point of view, it is necessary to consider the synchronization techniques and communication patterns in the process of implementation.
Communication Patterns
There exist three principal communication patterns for master algorithms. The Gauss-Seidel, the Jacobi variants and transmission line modelling, TLM.
The names of the first two methods are derived from the structural similarities to the numerical methods by the same name.
The reason is that the Jacobi method is easy to convert into an equivalent parallel algorithm while there are difficulties to do so for the Gauss-Seidel method.
Gauss-Seidel (serial)
Jacobi (parallel)
Transmission line modelling, TLM
In transmission line modelling (a.k.a. bi-directional delay line modelling), a capacitance (or inductance) is substituted with a transmission line element with wave propagation. The time delay is set to be one time step. In this way a physically motivated time delay is introduced which means that the system can be partitioned at this location.
Numerical stability is ensured since there is no numerical error, instead there is a modelling error introduced, which is more benign. This is usually the most simple to implement since it results in an explicit scheme.
References
Simulation
Kryzhanivka (Ukrainian:Крижанівка) is a village in the Odessa Raion, Fontanka Hromada. It is apart of the M28 and M14 Highway. In 2018, Igor Uchytel sponsored a construction in the village.
See also
Igor Uchytel
References
Villages in Odesa Raion
The 1887 Staten Island Cricket Club football team was an American football team that represented the Staten Island Cricket and Baseball club during the 1887 football season. In their first year as a member of the American Football Union, the Islanders compiled a 1–3 record (all in the AFU), and were outscored by their opponents by a total of 52 to 37.
Schedule
References
Staten Island Cricket Club
S.I.C.C football team
Staten Island Cricket Club football seasons
Carregado () is a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Alenquer, in western Portugal. In 2013, the parish merged into the new parish Carregado e Cadafais. It has a population of 9,066 inhabitants and a total area of 15.52 km². The town is a north-east exurb of Lisbon.
The railway between Carregado and Lisbon was the first line to be built in Portugal; it opened in 1856.
See also
History of rail transport in Portugal
References
Former parishes of Portugal
Parishes of Alenquer, Portugal
Timaukel is a commune located in the Chilean part of Tierra del Fuego Island. It is part of Tierra del Fuego Province in Magallanes Region. The commune is administered by the municipality in Villa Cameron, which is the main port and settlement within the commune.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Timaukel spans an area of and has 423 inhabitants (376 men and 47 women), making the commune an entirely rural area. The population grew by 68% (171 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
It is a distinctly rural commune, almost deserted, most of the population is of English origin, who live on farms and is devoted to agriculture, there are also some sawmills. In recent years tourism has become important.
Administration
As a commune, Timaukel is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2012–2016 alcalde is Alfonso Simunovic Ojeda.
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Timaukel is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Juan Morano (PDC) and Gabriel Boric (Ind.) as part of the 60th electoral district, which includes the entire Magallanes y la Antártica Chilena Region. The commune is represented in the Senate by Carlos Bianchi Chelech (Ind.) and Carolina Goic (PDC) as part of the 19th senatorial constituency (Magallanes y la Antártica Chilena Region).
References
External links
Municipality of Timaukel
Communes of Chile
Populated places in Magallanes Region
Populated places in Tierra del Fuego Province, Chile
Dolphinholme is a historic village in Lancashire, North West England.
History
In the 18th and 19th centuries the village played an important part in the Industrial Revolution. Thomas Hinde founded a mill in Lower Dolphinholme in 1795.
This worsted mill prospered and in 1811 the lower village was amongst the first in the United Kingdom to have gas lighting. The
Pollution was fed away from the village underground to the mill's chimney which was located in a nearby field.
Geography
The village, designated as a historic conservation area, is split into two parts – a higher village and a lower part, called Lower Dolphinholme, situated on the River Wyre. The river is the boundary between the Lancaster and Wyre districts. Dolphinholme sits on the edge of the Forest of Bowland and is less than five miles away from Lancaster.
Transport links
It is only 2½ miles from Junction 33 of the M6 motorway. The nearest railway station is Lancaster.
There are no public transport links apart from a public school bus which comes once a day and only during term time.
Community
The village has a school (Dolphinholme Church of England Primary School), a village hall, a parish church (St Mark's C of E), a Methodist chapel, a pub (the Fleece Inn), a recreational ground, a tennis court and a bowling green. A Post Office visits the village hall on Tuesday and Thursday mornings from 10:00am to midday.
Most of the historic lower village is still intact, the remains of the mill are in what is now a private garden but the chimney is still standing, in a nearby field. A warehouse, associated with the mill has been converted into housing although it has been (somewhat confusingly) named 'The Mill'.
There is a village show that takes place on the second Saturday of September each year in the village hall. It features vegetables, flowers, cooking, photography and a children's section.
A village breakfast takes place in the Chapel on the second Saturday or every month (except July and August) from 8:30am to 10:30am and is open to all without booking. The Chapel also hosts a coffee morning every Tuesday from 10:00am until midday which is also open to all without booking.
See also
St Mark's Church, Dolphinholme
External links
References
Villages in Lancashire
Geography of the City of Lancaster
Geography of the Borough of Wyre
A precedent book is a document recording procedural, legal or constitutional precedents.
Such a book may have significant constitutional effects, such as the UK's Precedent Book (or Rule book), written by the Cabinet Office since 1977. Its archive files are subject to 30-year closure, unless otherwise stated.
References
See also
Ministerial code
Case law
Ulodemis trigrapha is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Bhutan, Vietnam and India.
References
Moths described in 1907
Archipini
Wizbit is a 1980s BBC children's television show about an alien magician, Wizbit. It starred the established TV and stage magician Paul Daniels and his assistant Debbie McGee.
The series is set in Puzzleopolis, a town inhabited by walking, talking sponge-balls, dice, magic wands, playing cards and rabbits, where the protagonists must solve puzzles. Wizbit's year-and-a-day mission is to find out all about planet Earth.
The show is partly educational, with the (often lateral thinking) puzzles Wizbit is set often being presented to the audience at home, with the solutions being revealed towards the end of the episode. Wizbit's magic word was "Ostagazuzulum", and he came from the planet WOW, an acronym for "World of Wizards".
The show was created by Barry Murray, who had formerly been Mungo Jerry's record producer, with assistance from Daniels. Its theme tune is based on a song by Lead Belly, named "Ha-Ha This A Way", sung by Daniels. All rights to characters and designs were retained by Daniels, and the music rights by Murray.
During the show's cancellation in 1988, re-runs continues to air until 24th July 1989. A CGI revival of the series was announced in 2009 with a movie set for Summer 2010 with the production of the reboot was ready to being made in 2007 but they were both cancelled and the production of the Wizbit revival stopped. Books based on said revival have been released however.
The show has also aired overseas being shown in Singapore, Ireland and Malaysia as well as on British forces television in Germany and Cyprus.
Production for the series started in 1985.
Characters
Wizbit, a large yellow cone-shaped wizard's hat, voiced by Paul Daniels and played by Tony Friel
Wooly, an white rabbit, best friend of Wizbit, also voiced by Paul Daniels
Wilbur, Wooly's younger brother
Squidgy Bog, a purple swamp monster, voiced by Martin Daniels
Professor Doom, a moustachioed evil genius and arch-villain who lives in a castle, which sits atop a giant stone fist in the sky. Played by Rob Inglis
Jinx, Professor doom's cat.
Badbit, an evil version of Wizbit generated by Professor Doom
The Gatekeeper, a woman who guarded the gates to Puzzleopolis by refusing to let anyone in until they had solved a riddle, played by Vicky Licorish
Madame Martinka, a fortune teller who owned the magic shop in Puzzleopolis
Grocer Green, a greengrocer with green hair
Pierre Oe, a mime artist
Spoof & Bluff
Paul Daniels (playing himself) who owned the theatre in Puzzleopolis
Various townsfolk shaped like magician's props - spongeballs, dice, wands and so forth.
Troll, a hideous and vicious purple haired hag.
References
External links
Retro Junk
Jedisparadise
1986 British television series debuts
1988 British television series endings
1980s British children's television series
BBC children's television shows
Television shows shot at EMI-Elstree Studios
Fictional characters who use magic
British children's fantasy television series
British television shows featuring puppetry
British television magic series
English-language television shows
List of Ireland women's national rugby union players is a list of women who have played for the Ireland national rugby union team.
Note the list only includes women who have played in a Test match which only includes the matches listed in this page List of recognised Ireland test matches
This is an incomplete list as many teamsheets are not available for matches played prior to 2004.
References
Rugby union
Irish rugby union lists
Alden-Conger High School is a public high school located in Alden, Minnesota, United States.
The first school district in Alden was formed in 1870.
Open Enrollment began at Alden-Conger during the 1990–1991 school year. Roughly half of the students that attend are open-enrolled students from other districts. Bus routes bring in students from Albert Lea, Kiester, New Richland, and Freeborn.
Renovations
The initial school was a three-story building. The area where the football field, playgrounds, and baseball field are now used to be a cow pasture owned by a farmhouse located down the street from the school. There were also a fifth grade classroom and a sixth grade classroom located across the street from the school. Most of the second floor of the old school housed a home economics classroom. The workshop on the first floor was later replaced by the library/media center.
The Alden United Methodist Church, which was once located next to the school, was removed in order to create a staff parking lot.
In 1939, the school put together a fundraiser in order to add floodlights to the football field. The fundraiser was a success, and the lights were added.
July 2009 saw the addition of the LeVerne Carlson Fitness Center, which is still in use today.
In 2016, an addition was added to the north end of the building with a new elementary entrance, office, and classrooms.
As of 2020, the most recent addition to the school has been a garage for the vans and the custodial machinery.
Staff
Brain Shanks, the current supperendent of Alden-Conger is also the supperendent of Glenville-Emmons School District.
Many generations of families have worked at Alden High School, including: Tara Roberts and Kayla Roberts, Stephanie Hallman and Stu Potter, Sam Hintz and Wes Hintz, Tanya Hemmingsen and Courtney Janzig, Farrin and Janet Bremseth and Emily Stadheim, as well as Warren Greenfield and Linnea Peterson.
The Guanella family has had a big part in the staff of the school as well. Elwood Guanella was the superintendent of Alden, and his wife, Alvina Guanella, was an elementary teacher. Their son, Joe Guanella, later became the superintendent of Alden. Joe's daughter-in-law, Carolyn Guanella, currently works in the school kitchen.
Many staff changes have occurred in recent years. The position of the staff librarian was removed, and there has been some turnover in the English, Math, Physical Education, Band, and World Language departments. Currently, the Spanish courses are being taught online by a teacher living in another state.
Sports History
In 1939 Alden-Conger had its first year of baseball. During the same year, the football team didn't lose a single home game, leaving them with five wins and three losses.
In 1940 track started with the first coach, Mr. H. Johnson.
The previous school mascot, the Blackhawks, changed in 1987 and became the Knights when the teams paired up with Freeborn High School. The elementary gymnasium/cafeteria is still called the "Blackhawks Gym".
Some of Alden-Conger's teams are combined with nearby schools. Their wrestling team is combined with Albert Lea High School; cheerleading, softball, baseball, and football teams are combined with Glenville-Emmons High School; and their cross-country and track teams are combined with United South Central High School. Albert Lea High School also allows students from nearby districts join their other teams.
Football
In 1946, the football team were undefeated during the Gopher Conference. They also were the Border League Champions in 1963. Then, in 1978, the Alden-Conger Blackhawks brought home a Class C State Championship. Later, they were Section 1 Champions of 1986. The next year, they made it one game away from state.
On September 13, 2014, Alden-Conger broke a 25-game losing streak against Heron Lake Okabena. The last win before that was in 2011.
Alden-Conger combined with Glenville Emmons High School during the 2018–2019 school year. The next year, ACGE went 0–9 in scoring. 2019-2020 also saw the addition of Casey Soost as the head football coach. The team switched from a 9-man team to an 11-man team.
At the beginning of the 2020–2021 school year, the first game was cancelled due to the COVID-19 Coronavirus.
Basketball
Alden-Conger Freeborn lost in the section finals vs. Rushford Peterson in 1988.
The last time that the girls' basketball team went to state was in 1996–1997.
The Alden-Conger team has been combined with the Glenville Emmons team since 2018.
As of 2020, Chris Johansen is the men's Leading Scorer for Alden-Conger. His career point record is 1564 total points.
During the 2020–2021 season, the MSHSL board approved the Maximized Winter Season with 30% reduction in contests (with a maximum of two per week), allowing three contests in the last two weeks for Covid-related rescheduling.
Trap Shooting
Alden-Conger joined the Minnesota State High School Clay Target League in 2012. Before that, FFA members had been competing in fall invitationals hosted by other FFA chapters across southern Minnesota. It was 3 FFA members—Tommy Geesman, Nick Johannsen and Tyler Koenen that pushed to start the Clay Target League at Alden-Conger. They were looking for spring trap shooting competitions. The Freeborn Gun Club and the School Board were petitioned, and approval was given. The Clay Target League in Alden-Conger is unique in that students from 6-12 grades are allowed to join, as opposed to just the high school students.
The Alden-Conger team has had 7 students named to the MSHSCTL All-State Team.
In 2019, the team placed 3rd at the National High School Clay Target Championship in Mason, MI. The Alden-Conger team had 10 students that competed, split into team one and team two. Team one included Dylan Kohler, Mike Huper, Erik Warmka, Caleb Prange, and Ryan Hanson. On the first day, the team ended up 7th out of hundreds of teams around the United States. On the second day, the team gave an outstanding performance and pushed their rank up to third place. That same year, Caleb Prange was in the top 100 shooter in the state during the MSHSL state shoot.
In 2020 Ann Huper took 2nd place for the IA-Conference 4 in the spring.
Supermileage
The Supermileage program began in 1992. Students in grades 7-12 can join, and as of 2020 it is currently helmed by Amy Wallin.
The Alden-Conger team has taken part in several national competitions. They have been to London three times (2016, 2017, 2019), Italy once (2017), Sonoma, CA twice, Detroit, MI three times, and Houston, TX three times.
In 2016, the Alden-Conger team finished in first place in the Urban Concept Diesel category at the Shell Eco-Marathon in Detroit. This earned the team their first trip to London to compete in the first-ever Drivers World Championship. Driver Isaac Sorensen made a last-second pass of American rival Mater Dei to earn 3rd place in the world. The team has also achieved several first-place finishes in the State Supermileage competition at Brainerd, MN.
References
External links
Alden-Conger School District
Minnesota State High School League
Public high schools in Minnesota
Education in Freeborn County, Minnesota
Public middle schools in Minnesota
Public elementary schools in Minnesota
Dave Hertel (born March 7, 1986) is an American retired soccer player.
Career
Youth and college
Hertel attended Holland Christian High School where he won a state championship, and was named 1st team All state , Dream team, and voted as the best player in Division 2. He also finished 3rd in votes for Mr. Soccer. He played club for Grand Valley Premier, Kalamazoo TKO, and the Michigan Wolves, the wolves at that time were ranked 3rd in the country. Hertel also participated on the state ODP team from 2001-2004, and was given the honor to play for the Regional ODP team from 2002-2004 travelling to Brazil and Chula Vista playing against the U-17 US national team, and also games against Santos Juniors and Flamengos Juniors. Collegiately he played soccer at The University of Kentucky and Michigan State University, where at Kentucky he was a part of a team that won a MAC championship in 2004. He then transferred to MSU where he was named to the Big Ten All-Championship team as a junior in 2007. In 2008 was a first team all big ten selection, also in 2008 the Spartans went on to win both regular season and conference tournament for the first time in school history. He was 2nd team all region, and was one of 65 collegiate soccer players to attend the 2009 MLS Combine
During his college years he also played for the West Michigan Edge and the Michigan Bucks in the USL Premier Development League, being named to the PDL All-League Team in 2009. Also, he led the team in goals and points, playing in the midfield.
Professional
After his senior season at MSU 2008, he was red tagged out of college by Real Salt Lake of the MLS. He didn't sign with the club and Following the conclusion of his standout 2009 PDL season, Hertel was signed by the Real Maryland Monarchs in the USL Second Division. He made his professional debut on August 1, 2009 in a 1-0 loss to the Richmond Kickers. On March 9, 2010, Richmond Kickers announced the signing of Hertel to a contract for the 2010 season. Also in 2010 Hertel was named to the USL second team in his first season with the kickers. The Kickers also made it to the championship match, losing to the Charleston Battery. Hertel played for the Kickers in 2011 and was a part of the team that finished 4th in the U.S. Open Cup. On that run they beat the Columbus Crew at Columbus Crew Stadium and Sporting Kansas City; they would end up losing to Chicago Fire in the Semi Finals 2–1. He chose not re-signed for 2012.
References
External links
Michigan State bio
1986 births
Living people
American soccer players
Michigan State Spartans men's soccer players
Flint City Bucks players
Real Maryland F.C. players
West Michigan Edge players
Richmond Kickers players
Soccer players from Michigan
USL League Two players
USL Second Division players
USL Championship players
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
The 2015 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships in speed skating were held in Heerenveen at the Thialf ice skating rink from 27 December to 28 December 2014. The tournament was part of the 2014–2015 speed skating season. Sven Kramer and Irene Wüst won the allround titles.
Schedule
Medalists
Allround
Distance
Classification
Men's allround
Women's allround
Source:
References
KNSB Dutch Allround Championships
KNSB Dutch Allround Championships
2015 Allround
KNSB Dutch Allround Championships, 2015
2010s in Amsterdam
December 2014 sports events in Europe
István Gorove de Gáttája (20 August 1819 in Pest – 31 May 1881 in Budapest) was a Hungarian politician with Armenian ancestry. He was leader of the Liberal Party, which controlled Hungary between 1875 and 1905. Gorove was a minister in Count Gyula Andrássy's cabinet: Minister of Agriculture, Industry and Trade between 1867 and 1870, and Minister of Public Works and Transport until 1871.
References
Hungarian nobility
Agriculture ministers of Hungary
Public Works and Transport ministers of Hungary
People from Pest, Hungary
1819 births
1881 deaths
Hello Kitty's Furry Tale Theater is an animated series based on the Japanese character Hello Kitty, produced by DIC Enterprises and animated by Toei Animation. The series involves Hello Kitty and her friends (and occasionally family) doing their own version of popular fairy tales and stories. Each of the 13 episodes consisted of two 11-minute cartoons, for a total of 26 "shows"; each show was a spoof of a well-known fairy tale or movie.
Characters
Hello Kitty (voiced by Tara Charendoff) - The cheerful and kind kitten director of the theater. In many tales she is the protagonist or a supportive fairy.
Mama Kitty (voiced by Elizabeth Hanna) – Kitty's mother, who plays motherly roles in the tales.
Papa Kitty (voiced by Len Carlson) - Kitty's father, who plays fatherly roles in the tales.
Grandma Kitty (voiced by Elizabeth Hanna) - Kitty's grandmother. She casts as supporting roles in the tales.
Grandpa Kitty (voiced by Carl Banas) - Kitty's grandfather. He casts as supporting roles in the tales.
Tuxedo Sam (voiced by Sean Roberge) - The happy penguin stage helper of the theater. In many tales he is the protagonist or Kitty's sidekick or love interest.
My Melody (voiced by Mairon Bennett) - A very timid supporting bunny actress who is Kitty's best friend. Her roles are often smaller and she needs assistance to perform perfectly.
Chip (voiced by Noam Zylberman) - A cheery supporting white seal pup actor. He has supporting roles with the protagonists.
Catnip (voiced by Cree Summer) - A green Siamese Cat, who is diva-like and envious but is sociable, and does have a friendly side. She often takes the role of the antagonist in the tales (such as a mobster, Captain Hook, Count Dracula, Ebenezer Scrooge, etc.).
Fangora (voiced by Denise Pidgeon) - A purple Siamese Cat and Catnip's mother. She sometimes fills in for the role of a secondary antagonist in the tales.
Grinder (voiced by Greg Morton) - A dim-witted, naive and competent bulldog who often takes the role of a secondary antagonist, a bumbling accomplice to Catnip, or a supporting character sometimes.
Mouser (voiced by Fred Savage) - A trickster mouse who scares and plays tricks on Hello Kitty and her friends in the last episode, and is the original owner of the theater who makes a deal at the end with Kitty to all be the owners. He is very skilled at playing the pipe organ.
Format
Each episode opens with a big huge modern theater located in the big city of London, England filling up with patrons, and usually a look at some comical goings-on backstage. The play then begins (with Hello Kitty or Tuxedo Sam saying "Once upon a meow") and the stage transforms into whatever setting the story calls for, like outer space, the American Old West, the Great Depression or the Middle Ages. Each show is a light-hearted takeoff of a children's story or a popular movie. Catnip and Grinder were usually typecast as the villains.
At the end, the stage returns to normal, and the actors take their bow.
One exception to this format is the cartoon "The Phantom of the Theater," which begins after the actors have finished a show (specifically "Robin Penguin"); all the action in this story takes place backstage.
Episodes
Television broadcast
North American television debut
In the USA, the animated series Hello Kitty's Furry Tale Theater aired on September 19, 1987 on CBS.
International broadcast
In the UK, the cartoon was broadcast on the music and entertainment channel MTV from September 27, 1987.
Release
Region 1
On March 24, 1998, MGM Home Entertainment released two VHS videocassettes each containing four cartoon shorts, as well as the opening and closing sequences.
Hello Kitty: Kitty and the Beast (also includes "Grinder Genie and the Magic Lamp," "Hello Mother Goose," and "Little Red Bunny Hood")
Hello Kitty: Wizard of Paws (also includes "Snow White Kitty," "Sleeping Kitty," and "Peter Penguin")
In 2003-2004, MGM Home Entertainment under their MGM Kids label released 5 DVD's each containing five cartoon shorts; the only one of the 26 not to be included was "The Year Scroogenip Swiped Christmas." The opening and closing sequences are not included.
Hello Kitty Becomes a Princess (February 4, 2003), (Cinderkitty, Kittylocks and the Three Bears, Sleeping Kitty, Kitty and the Beast, Snow White Kitty and the One Dwarf)
Hello Kitty Goes to the Movies (February 4, 2003), (K.T. The Kitty Terrestrial, The Wizard of Paws, Kitty and the Kong, Cat Wars, Paws: The Great White Dog Shark)
Hello Kitty Saves the Day (February 4, 2003), (Peter Penguin, Tar-Sam of the Jungle, Paws of the Round Table, Crocodile Penguin, Grinder Genie and the Magic Lamp)
Hello Kitty Plays Pretend (February 17, 2004), (The Phantom of the Theater, Frankencat, Catula, The Pawed Piper, Rumpeldogskin)
Hello Kitty Tells Fairy Tales (February 17, 2004), (Robin Penguin, Hello Mother Goose, The Ugly Quackling, Pinocchio Penguin, Little Red Bunny Hood)
Region 2
The same DVDs that were released in the United States were released in Region 2 by MGM Home Entertainment and 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment. Becomes a Princess, Goes to the Movies and Saves the Day were all released in September 2004, using the same prints as the US versions without the opening and closing sequences.
Plays Pretend and Tells Fairy Tales were not released in the United Kingdom until October 2012. These prints are not the same as the US versions, and do include the opening and closing sequences. Another DVD titled Hello Kitty Has Fun at Halloween was also released in the same year, featuring 3 episodes from Plays Pretend and an episode from Goes to the Movies. A boxset was also released, featuring all 5 of the original DVDs.
References
External links
Hello Kitty's Furry Tale Theater episode guide at the Big Cartoon DataBase
Hello Kitty's Furry Tale Theater at Toonarific.com
Hello Kitty
1987 American television series debuts
1987 American television series endings
1980s American animated television series
1987 Canadian television series debuts
1987 Canadian television series endings
1980s Canadian animated television series
1987 anime television series debuts
American children's animated adventure television series
American children's animated comedy television series
American children's animated fantasy television series
Canadian children's animated adventure television series
Canadian children's animated comedy television series
Canadian children's animated fantasy television series
Japanese children's animated adventure television series
Japanese children's animated comedy television series
Japanese children's animated fantasy television series
English-language television shows
Animated television series about cats
Animated television series about children
Television series by DIC Entertainment
Television series by MGM Television
CBS original programming
Dr Desra Percaya (born 20 April 1961, in Malang, East Java), is an Indonesian diplomat who, since 2020, serves as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Indonesia to the United Kingdom, accredited to Ireland and the International Maritime Organization.
Education
Percaya read Social and Political Sciences at Airlangga University, Surabaya, Indonesia, graduating with a Bachelor's degree, before pursuing further studies in International Studies at Birmingham University, where he received a Master's degree (MA) in 1995. He then took the degree of Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) at Durham University, with a thesis entitled "Sino-Indonesian Relations: A Study of Indonesian Perceptions of China" in 2000.
He was awarded the honorary degree of the Doctor of the University (DUniv) by the University of Birmingham in 2014.
Career
Percaya was appointed Ambassador and Permanent Representative of the Republic of Indonesia to the United Nations in New York in February 2012. He was elected Chairman of the United Nation's First Committee (Disarmament and International Security) on 4 September 2013, also serving as Vice-President of the Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC), Co-Facilitator on human rights treaty bodies, Chairman of the NAM Working Group on Disarmament, Vice-Chairman of the UN Committee on the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People, and Vice-Chairman of the UN Committee on Decolonization.
Percaya served as Director-General for Asia, Pacific, and Africa at the Indonesian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and was previously Indonesia's Deputy Permanent Representative to the UN in Geneva, Switzerland. Before this he was Director of International Security and Disarmament in the Directorate of Multilateral Affairs in Jakarta between 2007 and 2009. He first joined Indonesia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1986.
Personal life
Born in East Java on 20 April 1961 of Sundanese parentage, Percaya is married and has two children: Asteya Prima and Muhammad Dwi Aditya Percaya.
Honours and awards
Bintang Mahaputera (Indonesia)
Officier dans l'ordre de la Couronne (Belgium)
Hon DUniv (Birmingham)
References
1961 births
Living people
People from East Java
Sundanese people
Airlangga University alumni
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Alumni of Durham University
Permanent Representatives of Indonesia to the United Nations
Ambassadors of Indonesia to the United Kingdom
Indonesian diplomats
Pheidole fervens is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae. Pheidole fervens, described from Singapore, is a widespread invasive species and could be native to the Oriental or the Oceanic region.
Habitat and distribution
It usually nests in soil or under stones and usually prefers disturbed habitats. On Fiji it was collected in elevations between 1–800 m and tended to inhabit several different habitats from forest edge and mangrove forest to disturbed and undisturbed rainforest. On Mauritius, which seems to be its western distribution limit, this ant was found in the leaf litter of lowland rainforest (200 m elevation). As with most other introduced ants, such as P. teneriffana, it is unclear what effect, if any, P. fervens might have on the rest of the local ant fauna. Considering that the ecosystems of the Mauritius islands have been severely altered and disturbed since the arrival of human settlers several hundred years ago, and native species must also contend with the invasions of introduced organisms, parts of the original ant fauna might have been marginalized or driven to extinction long ago. Fischer & Fisher (2013) speculate that the scarcity of P. fervens specimens in Mauritius ant collections and its presence in the rainforest means that this ant has not yet become an invasive and dominant aggressor toward other ant species. Nevertheless, efforts to further investigate the presence and activity of introduced Pheidole species are worthwhile, especially in the few remaining undisturbed habitats.
Description
The workers of P. fervens can be easily confused with those of P. teneriffana. Morphologically the minor workers are best separated by coarse, mostly suberect scape pilosity, impressed metanotal groove, relatively smaller eyes and shorter spines in P. fervens versus decumbent to subdecumbent scape pilosity with longer suberect hairs along outer edge, inconspicuous metanotal groove in profile, and larger eyes and longer spines in P. teneriffana. The major workers of P. fervens are recognizable by having longer scapes and a narrower postpetiole in dorsal view than P. teneriffana. In P. fervens, the pilosity in the face and on the metatibia is coarser and at least partly suberect, and the punctures on the sides of the face are stronger than the thinner and more decumbent to subdecumbent pilosity and superficial punctures on the sides of the face in P. teneriffana.
References
R*
External links
fervens
Insects described in 1858
In the 1970s, an anti-nuclear movement in France, consisting of citizens' groups and political action committees, emerged. Between 1975 and 1977, some 175,000 people protested against nuclear power in ten demonstrations.
In 1972, the anti-nuclear weapons movement maintained a presence in the Pacific, largely in response to French nuclear testing there. Activists, including David McTaggart from Greenpeace, defied the French government by sailing small vessels into the test zone and interrupting the testing program. In Australia, scientists issued statements demanding an end to the tests; unions refused to load French ships, service French planes, or carry French mail; and consumers boycotted French products. In 1985 the Greenpeace ship Rainbow Warrior was bombed and sunk by the French DGSE in Auckland, New Zealand, as it prepared for another protest of nuclear testing in French military zones. One crew member, Fernando Pereira of Portugal, photographer, drowned on the sinking ship.
In January 2004, up to 15,000 anti-nuclear protesters marched in Paris against a new generation of nuclear reactors, the European Pressurised Reactor (EPR). On March 17, 2007, simultaneous protests, organised by Sortir du nucléaire, were staged in 5 French towns to protest construction of EPR plants.
After Japan's 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster, thousands staged anti-nuclear protests around France, demanding reactors be closed. Protesters' demands were focused on getting France to shut its oldest nuclear power station at Fessenheim. Many people also protested at the Cattenom Nuclear Power Plant, France's second most powerful. In November 2011, thousands of anti-nuclear protesters delayed a train carrying radioactive waste from France to Germany. Many clashes and obstructions made the journey the slowest one since the annual shipments of radioactive waste began in 1995.
Also in November 2011, a French court fined nuclear power company Électricité de France €1.5m and jailed two senior employees for spying on Greenpeace, including hacking into Greenpeace's computer systems. The sentence was overturned by an appeals court in February 2013.
In March 2014, police arrested 57 Greenpeace protesters who used a truck to break through security barriers and enter the Fessenheim nuclear power plant in eastern France. The activists hung antinuclear banners, but France's nuclear safety authority said that the plant's security had not been compromised. President Hollande has promised to close Fessenheim by 2016, but Greenpeace wants immediate closure.
History
In France, opposition to nuclear weapons has been somewhat muted since they are perceived as a national symbol and as securing French independence. The strongest anti-nuclear opposition has emerged over nuclear power "as a reaction to the centralising traditions of the French state and the technocratic trends of modern society".
France began a nuclear power program in the 1950s and announced a shift to the Westinghouse light water reactor in 1969. Following the 1973 oil crisis, the government announced a dramatic increase in planned nuclear capacity. These major decisions were put forward as a fait accompli, with no opportunity for meaningful parliamentary debate. An intense extra-parliamentary opposition, of citizens' groups and political action committees, emerged. In the 1970s, there were many large and dramatic anti-nuclear protests and demonstrations in France.
In 1971, 15,000 people demonstrated against French plans to locate the first light -water reactor power plant in Bugey. This was the first of
a series of mass protests organized at nearly every planned nuclear site
until the massive demonstration at the Superphénix breeder reactor in
Creys-Malvillein in 1977 culminated in violence. Between 1975 and 1977, some 175,000 people protested against nuclear power in ten demonstrations.
In 1972, the anti-nuclear weapons movement maintained a presence in the Pacific, largely in response to French nuclear testing there. Activists, including David McTaggart from Greenpeace, defied the French government by sailing small vessels into the test zone and interrupting the testing program. In Australia, thousands joined protest marches in Adelaide, Melbourne, Brisbane, and Sydney. Scientists issued statements demanding an end to the tests; unions refused to load French ships, service French planes, or carry French mail; and consumers boycotted French products. In Fiji, activists formed an Against Testing on Mururoa organization.
On 18 January 1982, Swiss activist and eco-terrorist Chaïm Nissim fired five rockets, obtained from the Red Army Faction through Carlos the Jackal, on the Superphénix nuclear plant, then under construction. Rockets were launched at the incomplete containment building and caused damage, missing the reactor's empty core.
In 1985 the Greenpeace ship Rainbow Warrior was bombed and sunk by the French DGSE in Auckland, New Zealand, as it prepared for another protest of nuclear testing in French military zones. One crew member, Fernando Pereira of Portugal, photographer, drowned on the sinking ship while attempting to recover his photographic equipment. Two members of DGSE were captured and sentenced, but eventually repatriated to France in a controversial affair.
Following the 1986 Chernobyl disaster, radiation levels were much higher than originally thought, and some farmers in the eastern part of France had to plow under tainted lettuce and cabbage crops. French authorities at the time of the Chernobyl disaster were "criticised for a lack of transparency, with many interpreting officials' declarations as saying that radioactive pollution had not crossed the border from Germany into France".
2000s
In January 2004, up to 15,000 anti-nuclear protesters marched in Paris against a new generation of nuclear reactors, the European Pressurised Reactor (EPR). Also in 2004, an anti-nuclear protester, Sebastien Briat, was run over by a train carrying radioactive waste.
In 2005, thousands of anti-nuclear demonstrators marched to commemorate the 1986 Chernobyl disaster and demand an end to government plans to build a nuclear plant in western France.
On March 17, 2007, simultaneous protests, organised by Sortir du nucléaire (Get Out of Nuclear Power), were staged in 5 French towns to protest construction of EPR plants; Rennes, Lyon, Toulouse, Lille, and Strasbourg.
On April 26, 2007 (the 21st anniversary of the Chernobyl disaster) around 30 protesters blocked entrances and chained themselves to cranes at the EPR site in Flamanville, some remaining on the site for 24 hours. A truck was also parked in front of the entrance to block its access.
In 2008, twenty Greenpeace activists delayed construction of a new nuclear reactor being built in Flamanville for 50 hours. In July 2008 there were a series of accidents at the French nuclear site Tricastin-Pierrelatte, and Greenpeace France launched two court cases in an effort to find out more details about these. In August 2008, Sortir du nucléaire called Areva's radioactive emissions 'very dangerous' and sought an official safety inspection of its factories.
Post-Fukushima
Following the 2011 Fukushima I nuclear accidents, around 1,000 people took part in a protest against nuclear power in Paris on March 20. Most of the protests, however, are focused on the closure of the Fessenheim Nuclear Power Plant, where some 3,800 French and Germans demonstrated on April 8 and April 25.
Thousands staged anti-nuclear protests around France, on the eve of the 25th anniversary of Chernobyl and after Japan's Fukushima nuclear disaster, demanding reactors be closed. Protesters' demands were focused on getting France to shut its oldest nuclear power station at Fessenheim, which lies in a densely populated part of France, less than two kilometres from Germany and around 40 kilometres (25 miles) from Switzerland.
Around 2,000 people also protested at the Cattenom nuclear plant, France's second most powerful, in the Mosel region to the northwest of Strasbourg. Protesters in southwestern France staged another demonstration in the form of a mass picnic in front of the Blayais nuclear reactor, also in memory of Chernobyl. In France's northwestern region of Brittany, around 800 people staged a good-humoured march in front of the Brennilis experimental heavy-water atomic plant that was built in the 1960s. It was taken offline in 1985 but its dismantling is still not completed after 25 years.
Three months after the Fukushima nuclear disaster, thousands of anti-nuclear campaigners protested in Paris.
On June 26, 2011, around 5,000 protesters gathered near Fessenheim nuclear power plant, demanding the plant be shut down immediately. Demonstrators from France and Germany came to Fessenheim and formed a human chain along the road. Protesters claim that the plant is vulnerable to flooding and earthquakes. Fessenheim has become a flashpoint in renewed debate over nuclear safety in France after the Fukushima accident. The plant is operated by French power group EDF.
In November 2011, a French court fined nuclear power giant Électricité de France €1.5m and jailed two senior employees for spying on anti-nuclear group Greenpeace, including hacking into Greenpeace's computer systems. Greenpeace was awarded €500,000 in damages. Although EDF claimed that a security firm had only been employed to monitor Greenpeace, the court disagreed, jailing the head and deputy head of EDF's nuclear security operation for three years each.
In November 2011, thousands of anti-nuclear protesters delayed a train carrying radioactive waste from France to Germany. Many clashes and obstructions made the journey the slowest one since the annual shipments of radioactive waste began in 1995. The shipment, the first since Japan's Fukishima nuclear disaster, faced large protests in France where activists damaged the train tracks. Thousands of people in Germany also interrupted the train's journey, forcing it to proceed at a snail's pace, covering 1,200 kilometers (746 miles) in 109 hours. More than 200 people were reported injured in the protests and several arrests were made.
As of November 2011, France is locked in a national debate over a partial nuclear phaseout. Opinion polls show support for atomic energy has dropped since Fukushima. Forty-percent of the French "are 'hesitant' about nuclear energy while a third are in favor and 17 percent are against, according to a survey by pollster Ifop published November 13". Following François Hollande's victory in the 2012 Presidential Election, there may be a partial nuclear phaseout in France, with his Socialist party in favour of closing the oldest 24 reactors by 2025.
On December 5, 2011, nine Greenpeace activists cut through a fence at the Nogent Nuclear Power Plant. They scaled the roof of the domed reactor building and unfurled a "Safe Nuclear Doesn't Exist" banner before attracting the attention of security guards. Two activists remained at large for four hours. On the same day, two more campaigners breached the perimeter of the Cruas Nuclear Power Plant, escaping detection for more than 14 hours, while posting videos of their sit-in on the internet.
On the first anniversary of the Fukushima nuclear disaster, organisers of French anti-nuclear demonstrations claim 60,000 supporters formed a human chain 230 kilometres long, stretching from Lyon to Avignon.
In March 2014, police arrested 57 Greenpeace protesters who used a truck to break through security barriers and enter the Fessenheim nuclear power plant in eastern France. The activists hung antinuclear banners, but France's nuclear safety authority said that the plant's security had not been compromised. President Hollande had promised to close the plant by 2016, but this has been pushed back until the Flamanville 3 unit comes on line sometime in late 2018.
See also
Dominique Voynet
France and weapons of mass destruction
Nuclear power in France
Stéphane Lhomme
Mycle Schneider
André Larivière
Solange Fernex
Jean-Luc Bennahmias
Monique Sené
Lanza del Vasto
List of anti-nuclear power groups
List of Nuclear-Free Future Award recipients
Lists of nuclear disasters and radioactive incidents
Groupement des scientifiques pour l'information sur l'énergie nucléaire (Association of Scientists for Information on Nuclear Energy)
References
Further reading
Touraine, Alain, Zsuzska Hegedus, Francois Dubet, and Michael Wieviorka (1982). Anti-nuclear protest: The Opposition to Nuclear Energy in France, Cambridge University Press.
External links
Thousands protest against N-power: Demonstrations across France
Thousands march in Paris anti-nuclear protest
Uranium Leaks Rattle France's Nuclear Support, Anger Villagers
French Doubts Up After Nuke Mishaps
France
Nuclear energy in France
Nuclear history of France
Nuclear safety in France
Politics of France
Protests in France
Environmental protests in France
The Sleeping was an American post-hardcore band from Long Island, New York, United States, formed in 2003. The band was founded by Cameron Keym, Sal Mignano, and Joe Zizzo from the remains of Skycamefalling. After auditioning twenty-two potential singers, they came across Doug Robinson, former singer/guitarist of the band Stillwelle. Their music has been featured in video games including Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam for the Wii, Madden NFL 07, Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock ("Don't Hold Back"), Guitar Hero: World Tour ("Bomb the World"), and FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage ("Listen Close"). They released their fourth studio album, The Big Deep, on September 28, 2010.
Biography
The Sleeping started touring before they released a full-length record. They toured on a three-song demo that was hand-printed and self-recorded. The demo sold over 1000 copies. The band booked their first tour themselves. In 2004, The Sleeping was signed to One Day Savior Recordings, a small independent record company, and released Believe What We Tell You and started touring full-time.
In 2004 and 2005, they toured with Taking Back Sunday, Bayside, Brandston, Action Action and many more. In 2006 they were featured on the Nintendo Fusion Tour along with Plain White T's, Relient K, Emery, and Hawthorne Heights. They also toured the UK on the Victory Records Tour with The Audition, Bayside and Aiden. They toured mainland Europe and the UK on the Give It A Name fest with Gallows, Jimmy Eat World and Sparta. They toured in January 2007 with Senses Fail among others. They were also nominated for 2007's MTV Mountain Dew Circuit Breakout, and finished in the Top 12.
On August 6, 2008, the band announced that after six months of auditioning for a new pianist/guitarist to replace Cameron Keym, they had recruited Paul Cadena and Christopher Evans.
The band proceeded to tour across the East Coast and Midwest U.S. with Envy on the Coast, Secret Lives of the Freemasons, and also a few concerts with The Gay Blades, finishing in late August. On October 15, they played at Eisenhower Park with Crosby, Stills & Nash along with Ryan Star, Francis Dunnery, Barefoot Truth, Jaik Miller Band, Katy Pfaffl, Melissa Reyes, Life, Arlon Bennett, and others in support of Barack Obama.
On November 7, 2008, the band announced that they were finally recording their new record on their MySpace. On November 14, they also announced that they had posted their first studio update while recording their new album at Salad Days Studio in Baltimore. They toured with Funeral for a Friend, Emarosa and This Is Hell for a U.S. tour from January to February. On January 6, 2009, the tracklist for What It Takes was added to their MySpace page. On February 17, 2009, What It Takes was released and peaked at No. 20 on the Top Heatseekers chart, garnering positive reviews. In April, the band played shows in Ontario with Bring Me the Horizon.
They also announced tour dates with Silverstein, Poison the Well, Oceana, Hollywood Undead, The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, Escape the Fate, Atreyu, Mest, and Madina Lake. They have also played at the Quebec City Summer Festival with Sting, The Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Hollywood Undead, and The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus. In 2009-2010 Sal Mignano was part owner of Broadway, a small music venue and bar in Amityville, New York. He left over disagreements with his partner over how to treat the bands. September 13–16, 2009, they played four sold-out shows in a row at Broadway in Amityville, New York. They made a video, Directed by "The Chain Gang" (Erick Sasso and Brian Wendelken), for the song "You'll Be A Corpse Before Your Time" with the footage. Bass player Sal Mignano has toured with 'hippy-hop' artist Mod Sun. Drummer Joe Zizzo has performed live with Envy on the Coast. On Sept 9th 2010 they played a secret show with Glassjaw at Vibe Lounge, a small venue on Long Island.
On January 2, it was announced that Douglas Robinson had joined forces with Fullterton-based band Archives to form a new project called "The Night."
On January 5, 2012, The Sleeping officially announced they were going on an "indefinite hiatus."
On January 24, the group Archives announced that it had changed its name to "Night Verses."
According to a status update posted on January 27, Portland, Oregon producer Kris Crummett noted that he had been working with Night Verses on several tracks.
On September 22, 2016, the band announced that the original lineup would be reuniting for a final show later that year to thank their long-time fans. The show is scheduled for December 23 at The Paramount, with Reggie and the Full Effect, Folly, and Lux Courageous as the supporting acts.
Doug spoke about the potential of future shows by saying, "We aren't here planning The Sleeping's future. We are simply in the moment, and the moment is telling us to just play the hell out of this one show."
On December 23, 2016, The Sleeping played a reunion show at The Paramount in Huntington, New York. The performance included the original lineup, as well as Paul Cardenas and Chris Evans. After the performance, Doug announced on stage that they would be playing a first-come, first-served show at Amity Music Hall on December 26 in Amityville, New York. With just the original lineup, the Sleeping played their final show to an intimate crowd on December 26, 2016, at the Amityville Music Hall bar in Amityville, which bassist Sal Mignano owns.
Band members
Current
Salvatore Mignano – bass (2003–2012)
Joseph Zizzo – drums (2003–2012)
Douglas Robinson – vocals (2003–2012)
Paul Cadena – guitar (2008–2012)
Christopher Evans – keyboard/theremin (2008–2012)
Former
Cameron Keym – guitar, keyboard (2003–2008)
Discography
Believe What We Tell You (2004, re-issue in 2007)
Questions and Answers (2006)
Connect Sets: The Sleeping – EP (2007)
What It Takes (2009)
The Big Deep (2010)
Videography
Believe What We Tell You
Loud and Clear
Don't Hold Back
Bomb the World
You'll Be A Corpse Before Your Time
Young Vibes... Don't Run Away From Me
References
American post-hardcore musical groups
Musical groups from Long Island
Victory Records artists
The 2009–10 Isle of Man League was the 101st season of the Isle of Man Football League on the Isle of Man.
League tables
Premier League
Division 2
Cups
Cup results for 2009–10:
FA Cup
St Georges 3–2 AET Rushen United
Railway Cup
Peel 2–0 Rushen United
Hospital Cup
Douglas HSOB 1–2 Peel
Woods Cup
Douglas Royal 4–0 Ayre United
Paul Henry Gold Cup
Ayre United bt on pens Pulrose United
Cowell Cup (U19)
Castletown Metropolitan 3–0 Ramsey YCOB
References
FA Full Time – IOM Football League 2009–10 Premier Division
FA Full Time – IOM Football League 2009–10 Division Two
Isle of Man Football League seasons
Man
Foot
Foot
Kimberly Hively v. Ivy Tech Community College, 853 F.3d 339 (7th Cir. 2017), was a decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit in which the Court held that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation violates Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The ruling made the Seventh Circuit the first federal appeals court to find that sexual orientation is a protected class under the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Educator Kimberly Hively sued Ivy Tech Community College for employment discrimination in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Indiana, alleging that Ivy Tech had unlawfully discriminated on the basis of her sexual orientation. The District Court dismissed the lawsuit, holding that Title VII does not prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. A three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit affirmed the dismissal of the lawsuit, but the Seventh Circuit judges voted to rehear the case en banc, before all 11 judges of the Court of Appeals.
Writing for the 8–3 majority, Chief Judge Diane Wood held that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits employers from discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation. Wood wrote that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation constitutes discrimination on the basis of sex, because if an employer discriminates on the basis of sex, a man in a relationship with a woman would not be discriminated against, but a woman in a relationship with a woman would be. Additionally, relying on the Supreme Court's decision in Loving v. Virginia, Wood wrote that discrimination on the basis of a person's partner's sex is tantamount to discrimination on the basis of sex.
After the Seventh Circuit's ruling, the Supreme Court in 2020 came to the same conclusion in Bostock v. Clayton County, Georgia, holding that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation violates Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Background
District Court
Kimberly Hively, an openly lesbian educator, taught at Ivy Tech Community College as a part-time adjunct professor starting in 2000. In 2009, Hively asserted she was reprimanded for a kiss goodbye with her girlfriend in the parking lot of the school. After receiving a graduate degree in 2011, Hively applied for multiple full-time positions at Ivy Tech. Despite other educators who were hired after Hively having been given full-time positions, Hively was not. Further, her part-time contract was not renewed in 2014.
Facing difficulty finding lawyers to take her case in Indiana, she filed an employment discrimination lawsuit against Ivy Tech without a lawyer (pro se) in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Indiana under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The District Court dismissed the case in March 2015 on the basis that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation does not violate Title VII.
Seventh Circuit panel
After securing legal representation by Lambda Legal, an LGBT civil rights legal group, Hively appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. A panel of three 7th Circuit judges affirmed the dismissal of the case in July 2016. In its ruling, the panel noted that it had so ruled only because it was bound by prior precedent from 2000, and urged the full Seventh Circuit to reconsider them.
En banc proceedings
Following the panel ruling, Hively petitioned the Seventh Circuit to rehear the case en banc (before all 11 judges of the Court). In October 2016, the full Court voted to rehear the case and vacate the older ruling. The en banc Court heard arguments in the case in November 2016.
Majority opinion
Chief Judge Diane Wood delivered the opinion of the Court in April 2017. By an 8–3 vote, the Seventh Circuit reversed the district court's dismissal and held that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation violates the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Writing for the Court, Wood held that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation constitutes sex discrimination for two reasons.
First, Wood analyzed Hively's claims by asking if she had faced discrimination if she was male – that is, whether a man in a relationship with a woman would have been discriminated against, assuming that Ivy Tech discriminated on the basis of sexual orientation. Wood concluded that because a man in Hively's position would not have faced discrimination, any discrimination Hively faced would constitute "paradigmatic sex discrimination." In addition, relying on the Supreme Court's holding that discrimination for failure to conform to gender stereotypes constitutes sex discrimination, Wood wrote that homosexuality constitutes the "ultimate case of failure to conform to the female stereotype" and is thus protected by Title VII.
Second, Wood held that discrimination basis of an employee's intimate partner constitutes "associational discrimination." In Loving v. Virginia, the Supreme Court ruled that discrimination on the basis of a person's partner's race amounts to discrimination on the basis of race. Relying on the same reasoning, Wood held that discrimination on the basis of a person's partner's sex amounts to discrimination on the basis of sex.
Accordingly, the Court reversed the dismissal of the lawsuit and remanded the case back to the District Court for further action. The Court did not find that Ivy Tech had discriminated on the basis of sexual orientation – rather, the Court determined that the case should not have been dismissed.
Concurrences
Judge Flaum wrote a concurrence, which was joined by Judge Ripple. Flaum wrote that the text of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 justifies the majority's opinion. Flaum specifically noted that sex need only be a "motivating factor" in order for an action to constitute unlawful sex discrimination, and sex is naturally an element of an employer who discriminates on the basis of sexual orientation.
Judge Posner also wrote a concurrence, in which he agreed that sex discrimination should be prohibited by Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. However, taking a different approach than other judges in the majority, Posner wrote that judges should modify the interpretation of statutes based on their experiences. Noting the long time between the enactment of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the case before him, Posner wrote that interpreting sexual orientation to be protected by Title VII is necessary to "satisfy modern needs and understandings."
Dissent
Judge Sykes wrote a dissent, in which Judges Bauer and Kanne joined. Sykes found fault with the majority's approach to statutory interpretation, writing that in 1964, when the Civil Rights Act was enacted, "sex" did not include sexual orientation. Sykes wrote that Congress has specifically prohibited discrimination on the basis of "sexual orientation" in addition to "sex", suggesting that Congress views the terms as covering distinct meanings. Sykes wrote that bias on the basis of sexual orientation is entirely distinct from bias on the basis of sex, and argued that any attempt to prohibit sexual orientation discrimination should come from Congress, not the judiciary.
Aftermath
Following the Seventh Circuit's ruling, Ivy Tech released a statement saying it "respects and appreciates" the Court's ruling and would not seek Supreme Court review of the ruling. Ivy Tech denied that it had engaged in any discrimination, and indicated that it would defend Hively's claims in the District Court. The parties reached a settlement in 2018.
Legal developments
The Court's decision in Hively made the Seventh Circuit the highest federal court to find sexual orientation discrimination unlawful. The New York Times called the ruling a "significant victory for gay rights" and noted that five of the eight judges in the majority were appointed by Republican presidents. The ruling resulted in a circuit split, which made it more likely that the Supreme Court would grant a petition for a writ of certiorari (i.e., to agree to review a case presenting a similar issue), although the defendant in Hively did not file a petition for certiorari.
In Evans v. Georgia Regional Hospital, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit, faced with an identical issue, came to the opposite ruling, holding in 2017 that Title VII's prohibition on employment discrimination "because of ... sex" does not apply to discrimination based on sexual orientation. The Supreme Court denied a cert petition in that case.
In Bostock v. Clayton County, Georgia, the Supreme Court in 2020 held that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity violates Title VII of the Civil Rights Act.
Notes
References
External links
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit cases
United States LGBT rights case law
2017 in LGBT history
Opsiini is a tribe of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae. The tribe contains 36 genera and over 300 species divided into four subtribes: Achaeticina, Circuliferina, Eremophlepsiina, and Opsiina.
Genera
There are currently 36 described genera divided into four subtribes within Opsiini:
Subtribe Achaeticina
Subtribe Circuliferina
Subtribe Eremophlepsiina
Subtribe Opsiina
References
Opsiini on www1.dpi.nsw.gov.au
Opsiini on www.biolib.cz
Deltocephalinae
Hemiptera tribes
Göran Printz-Påhlson (1931–2006) was a Swedish poet essayist, translator and literary critic. Among his essay collections are Solen i spegeln from 1958 and Appendiks from 1960. He was awarded the Dobloug Prize in 1992. He held academic posts at Cambridge University, Harvard University, and elsewhere.
References
1931 births
2006 deaths
Swedish male poets
Swedish essayists
Swedish translators
Swedish literary critics
Dobloug Prize winners
20th-century Swedish poets
20th-century translators
Male essayists
20th-century essayists
20th-century Swedish male writers
The Lüttmoorsiel-Nordstrandischmoor island railway (), also called the Loren Railway (Lorenbahn), is a German, narrow gauge island railway through the North Frisian Wadden Sea from Beltringharder Koog on the mainland to the Hallig of Nordstrandischmoor.
Legal status
The line is a piece of non-public railway infrastructure owned by the state of Schleswig-Holstein and operated by the State Department for Coastal Defence, National Parks and Marine Conservation (Landesbetrieb für Küstenschutz, Nationalpark und Meeresschutz) or LKN-SH – formerly the Office for Rural Regions (Amt für ländliche Räume).
History
The narrow gauge railway was built in 1933/1934 from Cecilienkoog over a pile-supported embankment to Nordstrandischmoor in order to transport construction material for the sea defences of the hallig. Its length was . On 1 March 1956 the line was destroyed by ice floes, but later rebuilt. In 1977 the pile dam was filled with rubble to make the line more stable. When the new outer dyke around the Beltringharder Koog was completed, the section of track between the Cecilien Koog and the new outer dyke was abandoned. The annual figures given for this are 1985 and 1988. The rest of the line is still in operation and now has a route length of . In 2000, a new, paved Lorendamm embankment was built, which can now be worked largely independently of the tide table and is only impassable when there is a storm surge.
Infrastructure
The main storage depot for the railway is behind the new outer dyke. This is crossed by a switchback and has a siding on the outer side. It follows the embankment for about 3 km of its length. In the middle there is another siding. On the island, the route branches to Nordstrandischmoor station and Neuwarft, which is the only one of the four warfs on the island of Nordstrandischmoor with its own railway link.
Rolling stock
Some of the stock belongs to the State Department for Coastal Defence and National Parks. There are two locomotives, goods wagons for construction work and two construction wagons (Bauwagen), which provide shelter for the workers during construction work.
The other vehicles belong to the residents of Nordstrandischmoor. Each household has its own wagon. These are draisines powered by internal combustion engine, some with a trailer. Initially, the trucks had sails and were powered by wind. These vehicles are for the personal use of the islanders and their guests. There is no commercial traffic. Drivers must be at least 15 years old and hold a moped licence.
The locals refer to this railway as the Lorenbahn. A Lore is one of the wagons – powered or not – that works the line. This differs from the usual use of the German railway term Lore or Güterlore which refers to a tipper wagon.
Gallery
Sources
Petersen, Marcus (1981). Die Halligen. Küstenschutz – Sanierung – Naturschutz. Neumünster.
Rogl, Hans Wolfgang (1996). Die Nordsee-Inselbahnen. 6. Auflage, alba, Düsseldorf,
External links
Nordstrandischmoor Island Railway
Railway lines in Schleswig-Holstein
Nordfriesland
600 mm gauge railways in Germany
Railways with Zig Zags
The 1958 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 28th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928. The championship began on 6 April 1958 and ended on 7 September 1958.
Tipperary entered the championship as the defending champions in search of a fourth successive title, however, they were beaten by Limerick in the Munster quarter-final.
On 7 September 1958 Limerick won the championship following a 5-8 to 3-10 defeat of Galway in the All-Ireland final. This was their second All-Ireland title and their first in 15 championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Hurling Championship
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
Ulster Minor Hurling Championship
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
The LGBTI Health Summits are an opportunity for individuals working for the health of intersex, trans, bisexual, lesbian and gay people to meet and share ideas. Attendees are mostly health activists, a mix of medical care professionals, alternative and complementary health providers, outreach workers, volunteers, and other interested parties.
The LGBTI Health Summits grew out of a resurgence in queer health movements which looked beyond a victim deficit based model of disease, using an asset based approach.
The LGBTI Health Summits grew out of the first Gay Men's Health Summit, held in Boulder, Colorado, in 1999.
The first National LGBTI Health Summit was held in Boulder, Colorado, in 2002. The second was held in Cambridge, Massachusetts, in 2004. The third was held in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 2007. The fourth was held in Chicago, Illinois, August 14–18, 2009. The fifth summit took place in Bloomington, Indiana, July 16–19, 2011.
Gay Men's Health Summits have been held in Boulder, Colorado, in 1999 and 2000, and Gay, Bisexual and Trans Men's Summits in Raleigh, North Carolina, in 2003, and Salt Lake City, Utah, in 2006; a Gay Men's Health Summit was held in Seattle, Washington, in October 2008, and another was held in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, in August 2010.
See also
Healthcare and the LGBT community
LGBT rights by country or territory
References
International LGBT organizations
Transgender and medicine
LGBT and health care
Rosefelo Siosi (born 23 August 1996) is a Solomon Islands track and field athlete.
At the 2016 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's 5000 m. He finished in 48th place in a personal best time after he crossed the finish line in 15:47.76.
Siosi received a huge crowd ovation at the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham on 6 August, 2022 when he completed the 5,000m race alone, 4 minutes after event winner Jacob Kiplimo who was completing his lap of honour as Siosi continued to run his race. Comparisons were drawn with Eric Moussambani, nicknamed ‘Eric the Eel' and ski jumper Eddie the Eagle who similarly captured the hearts of spectators with endeavour rather than achievement at major competitions. Siosi's time in Birmingham of 17:28.93 was a season best for him. Following the race he said he hoped his nation would soon get a synthetic running track to help his training, and now his studies have finished he is aiming to run well at the 2023 Pacific Games before aiming for the Paris Olympics in 2024.
References
External links
Solomon Islands male long-distance runners
1996 births
Olympic athletes of the Solomon Islands
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for the Solomon Islands
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Living people
Harold Robert "Hap" Myers (born July 28, 1947) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played thirteen games in the National Hockey League with the Buffalo Sabres in the 1970–71 season, the team's first in the league. He was scoreless and recorded six penalty minutes. The rest of his career, which lasted from 1968 to 1974, was spent in the minor leagues. He is currently a restaurant owner on the west end of Edmonton, Hap's Hungry House.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
External links
1947 births
Living people
Buffalo Sabres players
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Cincinnati Swords players
Cleveland Barons (1937–1973) players
Edmonton Oil Kings (WCHL) players
Fort Worth Wings players
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Salt Lake Golden Eagles (WHL) players
Sportspeople from Edmonton
Ilya Zhitomirskiy (12 October 1989 – 12 November 2011) was a Russian-American software developer and entrepreneur. Zhitomirskiy was a co-founder and developer of the Diaspora social network and the Diaspora free software that powers it.
Biography
Early life
Zhitomirskiy was born on 12 October 1989, in Moscow, Soviet Union, to Alexei Medovikov and Inna Zhitomirskaya. Both his father and maternal grandfather are mathematicians. In 2000, his family emigrated to the United States, eventually settling outside Philadelphia, where he graduated from Lower Merion High School in 2007. Zhitomirskiy first attended Acton-Boxborough Regional High School in Acton, Massachusetts. He then studied mathematics, economics and computer science at Tulane University, University of Maryland, and New York University. In his free time, Zhitomirskiy unicycled and was a competitive ballroom dancer.
Diaspora
At NYU, he studied computer science at The Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences, where he met the three friends with whom he founded diaspora*, a social networking service, in 2010. The project was conceived after the founders had attended a lecture by Columbia Law School professor and free software activist Eben Moglen in February 2010 about the threat to privacy posed by commercial Internet services. According to Moglen, Zhitomirskiy was "immensely talented" and "the most idealistic of the group... He had a choice between graduate school and this project, and he chose to do the project because he wanted to do something with his time that would make freedom".
Death
On the evening of 12 November 2011, Zhitomirskiy was found dead in his San Francisco home by police responding to calls about a suspected suicide. An autopsy report from the Medical Examiner's office formally ruled the death as a suicide in April 2012. He died from an intentional inert gas asphyxiation using helium. While press reports questioned whether the pressure of working on Diaspora had led to his suicide, Diaspora co-founder Maxwell Salzberg disagreed. Salzberg stated, "Yes, I agree that being a startup founder is stressful. But it wasn't the stress of work that killed Ilya. He had his own issues. He was sick." Zhitomirskiy's mother, Inna Zhitomirskiy, did not comment on reports of his history of mental illness, but she did say on his participation in Diaspora, "I strongly believe that if Ilya did not start this project and stayed in school, he would be well and alive today."
The Village Voice said that Zhitomirskiy was "often described as the most idealistic and privacy-conscious member of the group" and declared his death "a devastating setback" for Diaspora.
References
External links
.
Personal Website on GitHub
1989 births
2011 suicides
21st-century American businesspeople
American computer programmers
American technology company founders
Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences alumni
Free software programmers
Lower Merion High School alumni
Russian emigrants to the United States
Suicides in California
Nólsoyar Páll (originally, Poul Poulsen Nolsøe) (11 October 1766 – 1808 or 1809) is a Faroese national hero. He was a seaman, trader, poet, farmer and boat builder who tried to develop direct trade between the Faroes and the rest of Europe and introduced vaccination to the islands. He went missing in the winter of 1808–1809 sailing home from England.
Life
Poul Poulsen was born in Nólsoy, the fourth of seven children. He and his brothers all took the additional name Nolsøe for the island where they were born. After his father's death in 1786 he fulfilled his ambition of going to sea, and travelled widely; he supposedly served in both the British and the French Navy, captained a US merchant vessel, and also sailed on pirate ships in China. In 1798 he married a woman from his home island, Sigga Maria Tummasdóttir, and was based in Copenhagen for a couple of years, then returned to the Faroes in 1800. His wife died, and in 1801 he remarried to Maren or Marin Malene Ziska, the daughter of a wealthy crown tenant near Klaksvík on Borðoy, and took over another crown tenancy nearby. He was so successful farming there that the Danish Royal Society for the Advancement of Agriculture awarded him a silver medal, although he died before he could receive it.
His innovations in shipbuilding, a longer and more sharply rising keel and a less square sail closer to the lateen, were rapidly adopted. He also designed an improved spinning wheel.
Denied a loan to buy a ship to demonstrate the possibilities of fishing from larger ships, he, his brother-in-law Per Larsen, Jacob Jacobsen and Poul's brothers bought a wrecked ship at auction and rebuilt her at Vágur. Launched on 6 August 1804 and christened (The beautiful experiment), this schooner was the first seagoing ship built in the Faroe Islands, and the first Faroese-owned vessel since the early Middle Ages.
Since 1805 was a bad year for fishing, he instead took loads of coal from Suðuroy across the Atlantic to Bergen and Copenhagen, trying to open up direct trading, but was prevented from importing goods to the Faroes by the Danish Royal Trade Monopoly authorities. Instead, by vaccinating members of his crew successively using material from the previous man, he succeeded in bringing the first smallpox vaccine back to the Faroes, and with the help of one of his brothers spread vaccination through the islands. The following year, after again attempting to trade directly, he was convicted and fined on two charges of contravention of the trading laws, but cleared of smuggling goods back to the Faroes, having sold them to a Swedish ship in the Kattegat. He reacted by counter-suing the Tórshavn district sheriff, Joen Christiansen Øre, for large-scale smuggling; the Monopoly officials appear to have been conducting personal trading on the side. However, he seems to have dropped the lawsuit. In 1807, after a year's effort to overcome refusals by the local government in the Faroes and by the Monopoly, he sailed to Copenhagen on as one of a deputation of five presenting a popularly supported proposal for a three-year experimental lifting of the trade restrictions. They had to illegally sell 2,600 knitted sweaters and other merchandise to a Norwegian merchant to finance the voyage, but Crown Prince Frederick, who was governing as regent for his father, and others in Copenhagen were sympathetic, and trade would have been opened up if war with England had not begun.
After the battle in 1807, the British Navy began a six-year blockade of Denmark as part of the ongoing Napoleonic wars, cutting off the Monopoly barley trade which had supplied 80% of the Faroes Islanders' grain needs. To stave off famine, Nólsoyar Páll obtained a pass from the British, and brought a load of barley back with him in October 1807. The following summer, after two British ships in succession had plundered the Faroes of all Danish government property, he sailed back to Denmark at the request of the Tórshavn commandant to try to obtain more grain, but was seized by a British warship and irreparably damaged. Taken to London, he and his crew obtained the Privy Council's sympathy and a replacement ship, the North Star; in this ship they sailed soon after 17 November 1808 with what was to have been the first of several grain shipments, but were lost at sea, presumably in the heavy storms of November and December that year, near Sumba. The famine was not averted until 1810, when an arrangement was made with the British. The depth of the hatred between Nólsoyar Páll and the Tórshavn commandant is demonstrated by the latter expressing his satisfaction the next April at Páll's having not returned, even though he had asked him to sail for help. This led to suspicion, which still persists, that the commandant had arranged Páll's death, perhaps by commissioning a Norwegian privateer (the Odin) to sink Páll's ship south of the Faroes.
Poetry
Nólsoyar Páll was a talented poet known for satirical ballads. He and his youngest brother Jákup often collaborated on poems; the first mature work which can be unequivocally ascribed to Páll is "," about the case of a law-man who refused to recognise the baby he had fathered on his housekeeper: he is portrayed as a heron, the housekeeper as a duck, the judge he tried to buy, a cuckoo, and the unwanted child, a red knot. "" is about an unlucky suitor, and mocks the parochialism then very prevalent in the islands. "" mocks the fashion for women to wear a fringe. "" memorialises the cowardice of the commandant of the Tórshavn garrison, who surrendered without a fight to a British gunboat. A rather rushed work, it has been claimed for another poet, but the tone of the mockery and characteristics such as Nólsoy vocabulary indicate it is by Nólsoyar Páll.
His best known work is "" (Ballad of the Birds), a 229-stanza work in which birds of prey symbolise the Danish authorities, and the poet himself warns the smaller birds in the guise of an oystercatcher, which was later chosen to be the national bird of the Faroe Islands. The ballad said in poetic form what could not have been said in plain speech; it sold many copies.
Influence
Nólsoyar Páll almost succeeded in opening the Faroes to direct trading over half a century early, although most of his inspiration was posthumous. His ideas, and the training he provided to Faroese in ocean-going sailing began the development of deep-sea fishing, which later brought the islands prosperity; Klaksvík, where he lived and hauled up for the winter, has become one of the fishing ports. He was an exemplary patriot and has become a national hero. In his poem "" (The Return of Nólsoyar Páll), Janus Djurhuus wrote of his voyage home, drawn by Beinisvørð, symbolising the independent islands.
In fiction
Johannes Helms. Copenhagen: Reitzel, 1893. novel
Steinbjørn B. Jacobsen. Nólsoyar Páll. Tórshavn: Fannir, 2000. drama
References
Sources
Rolf Guttesen: Poul P. Nolsöe - Skúmisleiv og Tjóðarhetja. Forlagið Glyvursnes 496 sider, Tórshavn 2019
Jakob Jakobsen. Poul Nolsöe, lívssøga og irkingar. 12 parts. Tórshavn: Jakobsen, 1908–12. Repr. ed. Chr. Aigens, 1966.
Ernst Krenn. Der Föroyische Dichter Páll Nólsoy und sein Vogellied. Illinois Studies in Languages and Literature vol. 23, no. 4. Urbana: University of Illinois Press, 1939.
External links
"Heimferð Nólsoyar Páls" - "The Return of Nólsoyar Poul", poem by Janus Djurhuus and 2004 postage stamp featuring it at Faroeartstamps.fo
1766 births
1809 deaths
People from Tórshavn Municipality
18th-century Faroese poets
Faroese-language poets
19th-century Faroese poets
Faroese male poets
18th-century Faroese people
19th-century Faroese people
19th-century male writers
18th-century male writers
The Chicago Bandits were a women's professional softball team based in Rosemont, Illinois. Since the 2005 season, they have played as a member of National Pro Fastpitch (NPF). The Bandits won the 2008 NPF championship, defeating the Washington Glory in the final game of the championship series. The team won their second NPF championship following the 2011 season when they won the championship series two games to none over the USSSA Pride. Following the 2015 season the team won its third NPF championship defeating the USSSA Pride two games to none. They played their home games at Parkway Bank Sports Complex in Rosemont, Illinois. The team folded in 2021 when the NPF disbanded.
USA Softball players
Jennie Finch
Victoria Galindo
Eileen Canney
Ashley Holcombe
Kristal Perez
Franchise history
2005
The Chicago Bandits inaugural season took place at Benedictine University in Lisle, IL. Chicago recorded an NPF-best 41–7 record, but lost to the Akron Racers in the championship.
2006
Chicago posted a 30–12 record, which again was best in the NPF, but lost to the Connecticut Brakettes in the championship series.
2007
The 2007 Chicago Bandits went 23–21, but failed to qualify for the playoffs after finishing in sixth place in the league.
2008
The Bandits began their first season in Elgin with a 4–7 record, playing without Jennie Finch and Vicky Galindo of the United States National Team, and Caitlin Lever of the Canadian National Team, due to the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Jessica Sallinger and Kristina Thorson each won 12 games and were Chicago's first duo to record double-digit victories since Jennie Finch, Amy Harrein 2005. After moving to their new stadium, the Bandits recorded 61 home runs in 2008, which was more home runs than in the franchise's first three years combined. The team's home run leaders were Stacy May (13), Rachel Folden (11), Jamie Clark (11)
The Bandits completed their season sweeping the Akron Racers, New England Riptide and Rockford Thunder to finish the regular season 32-16 and on a 12-game winning streak, earning the highest seed in the 2008 Championship Series.
In the Championship Series, Chicago won all three games and earned the franchise's first NPF Championship with a victory over the Washington Glory in the title game.
2009
The Chicago Bandits began their second season at Judson University in Elgin, IL with the return of Olympians Jennie Finch, Vicky Galindo, and Caitlin Lever. Chicago finished the regular season with a 27–12 record, ranking first in the National Pro Fastpitch standings and earning the top seed for the playoffs in Akron, Ohio.
Despite having the best record in the NPF in 2009, Chicago was upset in the NPF playoffs by the USSSA Pride two games to one, and lost the opportunity to repeat as league champions.
2010
In 2010, the Bandits once again won the regular season title, but once again, the USSSA Pride ended the Bandits championship hopes, winning their first Cowles Cup title.
After the season, standouts Stacy May-Johnson and Jennie Finch announced their retirements from professional softball.
2011
The Bandits moved into their brand-new home stadium, Ballpark at Rosemont, in Rosemont, Illinois in time for the beginning of the 2011 season. The team officially opened the stadium for NPF play on June 16, 2011, with a ribbon-cutting ceremony prior to the Bandits 1-0 walk-off win over the USSSA Pride. Caitlin Lever drove in the winning run in the bottom of the 7th.
Unlike the previous three years, the Bandits did not win the regular season title. They finished third in the four-team NPF with a 20–20 record, after losing six of their final eight games at home to close out the regular season.
The Bandits opened the playoffs in Sulphur, LA against the second-seeded Akron Racers and swept the Racers with two straight victories, capped off by a three-run walk-off home run in extra innings by Nikki Nemitz to advance to the finals.
In the finals, they once again met the Pride. In the first game, the Pride took an early 2–0 lead, but rookie Megan Wiggins hit a three-run double off Pride starter Cat Osterman. Two pitches later, Osterman went down with an arm injury, but the Pride came back to tie the game at 3 in the bottom of the 7th. In the 8th, Bandits right-fielder Amber Patton drove in the go-ahead run and NPF Co-Pitcher of the Year Monica Abbott made it stand up for a one-game lead in the best-of-three series.
The next afternoon, Chicago got on the board early and often, scoring five times in the bottom of the first. The Pride got two back, but that was as close as they would get the rest of the day, as the Bandits cruised to their second Cowles Cup championship with a 10–3 victory. They became the first NPF team to win multiple Cowles Cup championships.
2012
2013
2014
2015
Before the season, the Bandits signed 2015 draftees shortstop Sammy Marshall of Western Illinois signed with the Bandits. and outfielder Brenna Moss of Fresno State AJ Andrews of LSU signed with the Bandits on June 12.
After tryouts, the Bandits signed free agents infielder Megan Blank of the Iowa Hawkeyes, outfielder Kelsi Jones of Louisville, catcher Vicky Galasso of Idaho State, and pitcher Lacey Waldrop of Florida State.
2016
The Bandits announced an agreement with radio station 1590 WCGO to broadcast all Bandits home and road games for the 2016 season.
After finishing the regular season with a 23–25 record (the first sub-.500 regular season in franchise history), the Bandits won their second consecutive Cowles Cup title, and fourth overall in franchise history, defeating the USSSA Pride 2–1 in a winner-take-all game three of the Championship Series finals.
2017
Head coach Mike Steuerwald stepped down and became assistant general manager of the scrapyard Dawgs.
On February 1, the Village of Rosemont announced it would be assuming ownership of the Bandits from previous owner Bill Sokolis. The transaction included a $50,000 licensing fee paid to the NPF. Rosemont employee Toni Calmeyn will take over as general manager and will hire a new head coach.
Later that month the Bandits hired University of Florida assistant coach Sharonda McDonald as their head coach. McDonald was an All-NPF player, playing with the Philadelphia Force in 2007 and 2008, the Racers from 2010 to 2012, and 2014 with the USSSA Pride. Later, Chicago hired as their assistant coach Kyla Holas, who coached University of Houston from 1999 to 2016. On June 8, the Bandits announced the hiring of Grinnell College alumna Annie Smith as assistant coach.
2018
The Bandits announced that McDonald would not be returning for the 2018 season. On September 19, they announced that their new coach would be Olympian medalist and NCAA champion Stacey Nuveman Deniz. Nuveman Deniz held the NCAA home run record of 90 from 2002 to 2015, when Lauren Chamberlain broke it. She played in the NPF for the Arizona Heat in 2005.
General managers
Aaron M. Moore (2009-2016)
Toni Calmeyn (2017–present)
All-time head coaches
Season-by-season
|-
||| 41 || 7 || 0 || 1st place National Pro Fastpitch || Regular Season Champions, Lost to Akron Racers in NPF Championship
|-
||| 30 || 12 || 0 || 1st place National Pro Fastpitch || Regular Season Champions, Lost to Connecticut Brakettes in NPF Championship
|-
||| 23 || 21 || 0 || 6th place National Pro Fastpitch || Did not qualify
|-
||| 32 || 16 || 0 || 1st place National Pro Fastpitch || Won NPF Championship (Defeated Washington Glory)
|-
||| 27 || 12 || 0 || 1st place National Pro Fastpitch || Regular Season Champions, Lost to USSSA Pride 2-games-to-1 in first round of NPF playoffs
|-
| || 30 || 20 || 0 || 1st place National Pro Fastpitch || Regular Season Champions, Lost to USSSA Pride in NPF Championship
|-
| || 20 || 20 || 0 || 3rd place National Pro Fastpitch || Won NPF Championship (Defeated Akron Racers 2–0 in Semi-finals, Defeated USSSA Pride 2–0 in Finals)
|-
| || 25 || 19 || 0 ||2nd place National Pro Fastpitch|| Won Game 1 of NPF Championship series over USSSA Pride (Defeated Carolina Diamonds 2–0 in Semi-finals, Finals were rained out)
|-
| || 36 || 12 || 0 || 1st place National Pro Fastpitch || Regular Season Champions, Lost to USSSA Pride in NPF Championship
|-
||| 30 || 18 || 0 ||2nd place National Pro Fastpitch|| Lost to Akron Racers 2-games-to-1 in first round of NPF playoffs
|-
| || 31 || 17 || 0 ||2nd place National Pro Fastpitch|| Won NPF Championship 2-games-to-0 over USSSA Pride, Defeated Akron Racers 2-games-to-0 in NPF Semifinals
|-
| || 23 || 25 || 0 ||3rd place National Pro Fastpitch|| Won NPF Championship 2-games-to-1 over USSSA Pride, Defeated scrapyard Dawgs 2-games-to-1 in NPF Semifinals
|-
| || 25 || 24 || 0 ||4th place National Pro Fastpitch|| Lost to USSSA Pride 2-games-to-0 in first round of NPF playoffs
|-
| || 37 || 10 || 0 ||2nd place National Pro Fastpitch||
|-
| || 38 || 7 || 0 ||1st place National Pro Fastpitch|| Lost to USSSA Pride 3-games-to-0 in NPF Finals
|-
!Totals || 448 || 240 || 0
|colspan="2"|
Moments
July 16, 2009, Jennie Finch pitches a perfect game for the Chicago Bandits in a 3–0 win against the Philadelphia Force.
July 27, 2009, the Chicago Bandits played the Schaumburg Flyers of the Frontier League men's baseball team in what was dubbed as Battle of the Sexes 2. The game was played at Schaumburg's Alexian Field under softball rules. The Bandits won 4-2 before an Alexian Field record crowd of 8,918. The game was considered a success even though the original tennis match between Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs garnered much more national press attention. For this event, the Chicago Bandits received the most press coverage than in the previous years despite winning the 2008 NPF league championship and playing with Jennie Finch. Just a few years earlier, the USA's best softball players played a team of MLB All Stars with that game televised on national television.
July 9, 2010, Jennie Finch pitches a perfect game for the Chicago Bandits against the Akron Racers at Silver Cross Field in Joliet, Ill. Finch struck out 11 batters en route to a 2–0 win.
August 21, 2011, The Bandits defeat the USSSA Pride 10–3 in Sulphur, LA to clinch their second NPF Cowles Cup championship. They are the first team in NPF history to win multiple Cowles Cup titles.
August 15, 2015, The Bandits rode the left arm of Monica Abbott to a second-consecutive 1–0 victory in the NPF Championship Series finals over the USSSA Pride in Hoover, AL to clinch the franchise's third Cowles Cup championship. They are now tied with the Pride for most NPF titles at 3.
Retired numbers
The Bandits have retired the numbers of six players:
Players
References
External links
Chicago Bandits
National Pro Fastpitch
The Softball Channel
Softball teams
National Pro Fastpitch teams
Sport clubs established in 2005
Bandits
Rosemont, Illinois
2005 establishments in Illinois
Imma epicomia is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
The wingspan is 23–25 mm. The forewings are yellow, sprinkled with brownish, the costa narrowly and termen more broadly ochreous, the terminal half in females tinged with ochreous orange. A fuscous mark is found along the basal fourth of the dorsum and there is a trisinuate dark grey line from the middle of the costa to two-thirds of the dorsum, edged posteriorly with lilac suffusion except towards the costa. A curved series of undefined dark grey dots is found midway between this and the termen, indented in the middle, not reaching the margins. There is an irregular curved series of similar dots from a mark on the costa before three-fourths to the tornus and there are some very indistinct grey terminal dots. The hindwings are dark grey with a whitish-ochreous streak above the middle from the base to the end of the cell, where it extends to the lower angle.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
Imma triardis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in southern India.
The wingspan is about 24 mm. The forewings are rather dark fuscous, faintly purplish tinged, the costa somewhat darker. There are three short slender oblique wedge-shaped ochreous-whitish marks on the costa before the middle, before three-fourths, and before the apex. The hindwings are dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Vorm is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Eddy Vorm (born 1989), Dutch footballer
Michel Vorm (born 1983), Dutch footballer
"Steppin' in a Slide Zone" is a 1978 single by the English progressive rock band the Moody Blues. It was the first single the Moody Blues had released in five years, after the band's temporary hiatus. It was written by bassist John Lodge, and was released a month later on the album Octave. The song peaked at number 39 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 41 in Canada.
Billboard magazine described "Steppin' in a Slide Zone" as a "fast paced rocker". Cash Box praised the "fuzz keyboard work, punctuating horns...towering chorus, excellent production values and...unusual lyric." One of the most noticeable differences in the band's sound after this hiatus was that the Mellotron and Chamberlin (a similar instrument to the Mellotron) had been replaced with more widely used synthesizers, and "Steppin' in a Slide Zone" was the first of their singles to use synthesizers. The synthesizer would ultimately give the Moody Blues a more electronic sound, which departed from the more symphonic sound of their past career.
Personnel
Justin Hayward – electric guitar, backing vocals
John Lodge – bass guitar, lead vocals
Mike Pinder – keyboards, backing vocals
Ray Thomas – flute, backing vocals
Graeme Edge – drums, percussion
References
The Moody Blues songs
1978 singles
Songs written by John Lodge (musician)
1978 songs
Decca Records singles
James Charles Morgan (October 31, 1939 – August 4, 2019) was a Canadian politician. He represented the electoral district of Bonavista South in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1972 to 1989. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Early life
The son of Samuel Robert and Helen Morgan, he was born at St. John's and was educated at Memorial University, at Devry Technical School in Toronto and at Sir George Williams University in Montreal. In 1967, Morgan married Denise Philippe.
Political career
Morgan was elected to the Newfoundland assembly in 1972. He served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Transportation and Communications, as Minister of Tourism, as Minister of Forestry and Agriculture and as Minister of Fisheries. He was a candidate for the Progressive Conservative party leadership in 1979 but withdrew, transferring his support to Brian Peckford. In 1988, he made an unsuccessful bid to be the federal Progressive Conservative candidate in the riding of St. John's East but Ross Reid was chosen instead.
Death
Morgan died in St. John's on August 4, 2019, at the age of 79.
References
1939 births
2019 deaths
Politicians from St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador
Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Memorial University of Newfoundland alumni
Sir George Williams University alumni
Permacel, a division of the Nitto Denko company, is an industrial adhesive tape manufacturing company. Headquartered in Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin, United States, the company produces 350 kinds of tape used in a broad range of industries, including paper masking tape, reinforced strapping tape, paper packaging tape, PTFE tape, film tape, double coated tape, transfer tape, repulpable tape, thread seal, foil tape, surface protective films and vinyl tape. Permacel manufactured and sold graphic art tapes until 2004 when that part of their business was sold to Shurtape Technologies.
History
In the 1920s, a small Detroit druggist had uncovered and was selling Johnson & Johnson surgical tape to a car manufacturer who used the tape for masking two-tone paint jobs. By 1927, Johnson & Johnson recognized the market potential for tape products in the industrial market and a small department was formed to market "masking tape". Cellophane and paper tapes were soon developed for the industrial market. This new division of Johnson & Johnson was called the Revolite Corporation. When it opened it was located in a small building next to the Johnson & Johnson Headquarters in New Brunswick, NJ. On January 1, 1938, Revolite was renamed the Industrial Tape Corporation and in 1953 ITC became Permacel and it moved to its new location on Route 1 in North Brunswick, NJ. The name came from the brand-name of the first product shipped from its plant, "Permacel", a masking tape. In 1982, Permacel was acquired by Avery International, a self-adhesive label company. In 1988, Permacel was acquired by Nitto Denko.
Permacel claims a number of firsts: first masking tape, first filament reinforced tape and patents, first polypropylene tape, first PTFE thread sealant tape, first colored and waterproof cloth tape, and first aluminum foil tape. (Source, corporate literature).
On May 17, 2004, Permacel announced that it would be closing its manufacturing facility in North Brunswick, New Jersey.
On March 31, 2009, Permacel announced that it would be closing its manufacturing facilities in Buena Park, California, and Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin, by September 30, 2009.
References
Manufacturing companies of the United States
Companies based in New Jersey
Middlesex County, New Jersey
The climate of Russia is formed under the influence of several determining factors. The enormous size of the country and the remoteness of many areas from the sea result in the dominance of the continental climate, which is prevalent in European and Asian Russia except for the tundra and the best extreme southwest. Mountains in the south obstructing the flow of warm air masses from the Indian Ocean and the plain of the west and north makes the country open to Arctic and Atlantic influences.
Dynamics
Due to the moderating influence of the Atlantic or Pacific, most areas of the country in European Russia, in the south of West Siberia and in the south of the Russian Far East, including the cities of Moscow and Saint Petersburg, experience a humid continental climate. (Köppen's Dfb, Dfa, Dwb, Dwa types). Most of Northern European Russia and Siberia between the Scandinavian Peninsula and the Pacific Ocean has a subarctic climate, with extremely severe winters (Dfd, Dwd) in the inner regions of Northeast Siberia (mostly the Sakha Republic, where the Northern Pole of Cold is located with the record low temperature of ), and more moderate (Dwc, Dfc) elsewhere.
The strip of land along the shore of the Arctic Ocean, as well as the Arctic islands, have a polar climate (ice cap climate (EF) on some of the islands and tundra climate (ET) elsewhere). A small portion of the Black Sea coast, most notably in Sochi, possesses a humid subtropical climate (Köppen's Cfa) with unusually wet winters. Winter is dry compared to summer in many regions of East Siberia and the Far East (Dwa, Dwb, Dwc, Dwd types), while other parts of the country experience more even precipitation across seasons. Winter precipitation in most parts of the country usually falls as snow. The region along the Lower Volga and Caspian Sea coast, as well as some areas of southernmost Siberia, possess a semi-arid climate (BSk).
The city of Kaliningrad has an Oceanic climate (Cfb) due to its relatively mild (avg. above -3C) winters and cool summers.
About 65% of the Russian territory is underlain by permafrost.
Temperature records
Extreme highs
Extreme lows
Averages and records by city
See also
Climate change in Russia
References
.
Russia
Holendry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
2018 Winter Olympics marketing was a long running campaign that began when Pyeongchang won its bid to host the games in 2011.
Symbols
Emblem
The emblem for the Games was unveiled on 3 May 2013. It is a stylised representation of the hangul letters p and ch, these being the initial sounds of Pyeongchang. The left-hand symbol is said to represent the Korean philosophical triad of heaven, earth and humanity ( cheon-ji-in), and the right-hand symbol represents a crystal of ice. In the emblem and all official materials, Pyeongchang was stylised in CamelCase as "PyeongChang", in order to alleviate potential confusion with Pyongyang, the similarly-named capital of neighbouring North Korea.
Look of the Games
5 primary colours were used, with venues using one of these colour families for branding. Different venues had different colours depending on the sport.
Mascots
The official mascots of the 2018 Winter Olympics and Paralympics were unveiled on 2 June 2016. The Olympic mascot, Soohorang (Korean: 수호랑), is a white tiger. The mascot's name is a portmanteau of "Sooho", a Korean word for "protection", and "Rang" which is derived both from the Korean word for "tiger" and from the name of a traditional Korean folk song originating from Gangwon Province. Tigers have a strong association with Korean culture and folklore.
Video games
In June 2017, Ubisoft announced that it would release an expansion pack for its winter sports video game Steep entitled Road to the Olympics, which features new game modes and content inspired by the 2018 Winter Olympics.
In November 2017, the IOC announced it would support and sponsor an Intel Extreme Masters StarCraft II tournament in Pyeongchang preceding the Games. Its support of the tournament as a de facto demonstration event came on the heels of a report by the IOC which recognised that eSports "could be considered as a sporting activity". The tournament was won by Sasha "Scarlett" Hostyn of Canada; she became the second North American pro to place first at a major StarCraft II tournament in South Korea, and the first woman to win a major tournament.
Corporate sponsorship and advertising
The 2018 Winter Olympics saw increasing granularity in official sponsorships for technology vendors; Intel signed with the IOC to become part of its Worldwide Olympic Partner program, to promote 5G wireless technology, as well as broadcasting technology such as 360-degree video and virtual reality. Alibaba Group was also named the official e-commerce and cloud services provider. These categories affected how the vendors were allowed to promote themselves within the context of the Olympics: Samsung could showcase VR experiences but only within the context of its own smartphones due to Intel's sponsorship rights in relation to VR; Alibaba could not promote Alipay due to Visa Inc. sponsorship rights; and Intel could not promote end-user applications of 5G due to national sponsorship rights held by KT Corporation.
In 2015, Japanese automaker Toyota became the first-ever Worldwide Olympic Partner in the "Mobility" category, beginning 2017. However, Toyota elected to waive its domestic sponsorship rights for these Games to Hyundai Motor Company and Kia Motors, citing their near-dominance of the South Korean automobile industry, as well as their support of the Pyeongchang bid. As a result, Toyota did not perform any Olympic-related marketing in South Korea, the fleet of official IOC vehicles were provided by Hyundai and Kia, while Hyundai used the Games to showcase its Nexo hydrogen fuel cell SUV and self-driving vehicle technology.
Sponsors
See also
2010 Winter Olympics marketing
2014 Winter Olympics marketing
References
Marketing
Olympic marketing
Ropalidia sumatrae, the Sumatran paper wasp, is a species of paper wasp in the subfamily Polistinae. It has been recorded in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, and Vietnam.
References
Vespidae
Insects described in 1801
The 2003 CONCACAF Gold Cup Final was a football match to determine the winners of the 2003 CONCACAF Gold Cup. The match was held at the Estadio Azteca in Mexico City, Mexico, on 27 July 2003. A rematch of the 1996 final, it was contested by the winners of the semi-finals, Mexico and Brazil. Both teams met in the group stage at the start of the competition, with Mexico beating Brazil 1–0. Both teams progressed to the knockout stage, reaching the final where Mexico would beat Brazil 1–0 again with a late golden goal from Daniel Osorno.
Route to the final
Match details
References
External links
Official website
Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup finals
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
2000s in Mexico City
Mexico national football team matches
Brazil national football team matches
Football in Mexico City
Sports competitions in Mexico City
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
Tlalpan
Piet van Egmond (31 August 1889 – 11 January 1965) was a Dutch painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics. His work was included in the 1939 exhibition and sale Onze Kunst van Heden (Our Art of Today) at the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam.
References
1889 births
1965 deaths
20th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from South Holland
20th-century Dutch male artists
The 1987 Cameron Aggies football team was an American football team that represented Cameron University and won the national championship during the 1987 NAIA Division I football season. In their fourth season under head coach Brian Naber, the Aggies compiled an 11–2 record. They participated in the NAIA Division I playoffs, defeating (17–12) in the first round, (14–7) in the quarterfinals, (20–10) in the semifinals, and (30–2) in the Championship Bowl.
The team's statistical leaders included tailback Robert Whitman, quarterback Levon Davis, wide receiver Ronald Walters, and Chuck Smith.
Schedule
References
Cameron Aggies
Cameron Aggies football seasons
NAIA Football National Champions
Cameron Aggies football
Yakou Piao-se () is a traditional festival activity in the village Yakou, Nanlang, Zhongshan, in the Pearl River Delta of Guangdong Province, China. In 2008, the Chinese government added Yakou Piao-se to the official list of China's state-level, intangible, cultural heritage items.
History
There are several versions of the origin of Yakou Piao-se. The first version is that at one time the village of Yakou suffered from frequent floods because of its coastal location and low altitude. To solve the problem, villagers began to carry a paper-made statue of Bodhisattva and walk around the village to pray for a good harvest. It was in the late Ming Dynasty that people began to use small children dressed up as bodhisattva to replace the paper-made effigy.
Another version concerns a very moving story. It is said that a long time ago, probably in the Tang Dynasty, a serious plague hit Yakou village. A very kind-hearted couple, Mr. and Mrs. Tan, offered free soup and medicine to the villagers. The villagers were so grateful to them that they called Mr. and Mrs. Tan the "living Buddha". Unfortunately, the couple died of exhaustion from gathering herbs and making medicine. To honor the memory of their great sacrifices, people in Yakou village began parading the paper-made bodhisattva statue around the village on May 6 of the lunar calendar. The tradition gradually developed into the festival Piao-se.
At the end of the Yuan Dynasty, many people from the Central Plains moved to the southern area to escape from war. Settling in Yakou village, the migrants combined the art form of the Central Plains area with the indigenous Baiyue tradition of Piao-se and transformed the festival.
Form
The character piao () means "floating" in Chinese and the character se () means "delicate disguises" in old Chinese.
During Piao-se, people push a special decorated, wheeled cart around the village. The Piao-se performers (2 or 3 small children), wearing heavy makeup and special costumes, stand or sit on the iron shelving fixed on the cart. The artists sometimes perform gestures which help identify the figures they are representing.
The cart is actually a special wheeled cabinet called a "Se cabinet" (). On top of the Se cabinet, there is a vertical steel bar called Se Geng, which is about 1 meter long. It was specifically designed to support 1 to 3 children while lending stability to the Se cabinet. The "Se Geng" also serves to protect the young performers from falling and getting hurt. Most sections of the "Se Geng" are covered by the costumes while the parts out of the costume are disguised as spears and swords for aesthetics.
Yakou consists of eight smaller villages, and each village has one piao-se group. Every year on May 6 of the lunar calendar, different villages will send their groups and they will perform the piao-se parade together across the streets and the field. The colorfulness of the parade and the green of the rice fields mix to create a spectacular scene.
Innovation
In the late Qing Dynasty and the early Republic period, many villagers in Yakou went to Hong Kong or even Southeast Asia to make a living. When they returned home, they not only brought back money, but also many of the techniques and customs they learned from other areas. With their contribution, the content of the Piao-se was enriched.
One of the unique forms which made the Yakou Piao-se special is the "Swinging Se,” which enables performers to swing during their routine. The innovation was brought by a villager named Tan Heyi, who had previously made his living in Southeast Asia. When he was watching the Piao-se performance while visiting his relatives in Yakou village, he thought of the popular activity "swinging" in the Southeast Asia. Tan Heyi improved the Piao-se forms by using the design of swinging and thanks to his creativity, the unique form "Swinging Se" was invented.
In the early 20th century, the villagers who had worked as welding workers in Hong Kong also made great contributions to innovation in Piao-se techniques with their skills.
Culture
Many famous figures that are performed in the Piao-se are from Chinese historical and mythological stories, including the Goddess Chang'e "Flying to the Moon", "Lady General Mu Takes Command", "The Goddess Guanyin Catching Nezha", "Prince Nezha's Triumph Against Dragon King", "Goddess Marriage", Journey to the West, Legend of the White Snake, ghost stories in Liaozhai, as well as others.
Local features
As well as the Piao-se performances, Yakou people also perform dragon dances, lion dances and Kylin dances in the Piao-se parade.
The dragon used in Yakou is the wooden dragon. At a length of 50 meters, the wooden dragon is made of many boards. Despite its length and material, the dragon can move flexibly. For the Kylin dance, Yakou people used a Kylin which is two or three times bigger than people in other area of Guangdong use, and the performance is lively and natural.
Special customs
"Passing through the dragon" means children squeeze through the long section of the dragon. They dance and pray that they will grow up healthy.
References
Yakou piao-se
Festivals in China
Guangdong
Baguim do Monte is a civil parish in the municipality of Gondomar, Portugal. It was formed on July 11, 1985, by disintegration of territories of the parish of Rio Tinto. The population in 2011 was 14,102, in an area of 5.46 km². Together with the neighboring parish of Rio Tinto, it integrates the city of Rio Tinto.
Notable people
André Silva (b.1995), a footballer who plays for the Portugal national football team and German club Eintracht Frankfurt.
Ivo Rodrigues (b.1995), a footballer who plays for Belgian club Royal Antwerp F.C.
References
Freguesias of Gondomar, Portugal
Shenelle Henry (born 13 March 1994) is a Trinidad and Tobago footballer who plays as a midfielder. She has been a member of the Trinidad and Tobago women's national team.
International career
Henry capped for Trinidad and Tobago at senior level during the 2015 Pan American Games and the 2018 CONCACAF Women's Championship.
References
1994 births
Living people
Women's association football forwards
Women's association football midfielders
Trinidad and Tobago women's footballers
Trinidad and Tobago women's international footballers
Pan American Games competitors for Trinidad and Tobago
Footballers at the 2015 Pan American Games
College women's soccer players in the United States
Cisco College alumni
Wiley College alumni
Trinidad and Tobago expatriate women's footballers
Trinidad and Tobago expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate women's soccer players in the United States
Trigonogya reticulaticollis is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Trigonogya.
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
Sean Richard O'Pry (born July 5, 1989) is an American model from Kennesaw, Georgia.
Early life
O'Pry reports having Irish and unspecified Native American heritage. He has an elder brother and a younger sister. He attended North Cobb High School. He played track and field, basketball, baseball, and football in high school.
Career
In 2006, 17-year-old O'Pry was scouted from his prom photos on MySpace by Nole Marin ANTM.
Since then, O'Pry has been featured in numerous advertising campaigns and editorials for Calvin Klein, Giorgio Armani, Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Ralph Lauren, Gianfranco Ferré, H&M, Massimo Dutti, Zara (retailer), Armani Jeans, Marc Jacobs, Emporio Armani, Lacoste, DSquared², American Eagle, Bottega Veneta, DKNY, Fendi, GQ, Dazed & Confused, V, Details, Barneys, Uniqlo, Bloomingdale's, Belstaff, D2, Arena, Diesel, Gap, JOOP! and Numéro Homme.
His runway credentials include opening Versace, Yves Saint Laurent, Givenchy and Salvatore Ferragamo, closing Moschino, Trussardi and Zegna, and both for Balmain. Other designers he has walked for include Roberto Cavalli, Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Michael Kors, and Hermès. In November 2011, O'Pry was selected as the star of Viktor & Rolf's Spicebomb fragrance campaign.
O'Pry appeared in Madonna's music video "Girl Gone Wild". He also appeared in Taylor Swift's music video for her song "Blank Space", as her love interest.
Achievements
In 2008, O'Pry was named the world's eighth most successful male model by Forbes magazine. Only one year later, he had moved up to the #1 position on their list. As of September 2013, Models.com named O'Pry as the most successful male model in the world on their 'Top 50' list. As of 2014, he had held that position for two years.
In 2015, O'Pry was included on Models.com's new 'Supers Men', 'Sexiest Men', and the 'Money Guys' lists.
That same year, Vogue, ranked him fifth on the 'Top 10 Male Models of All Time'.
References
External links
Sean O'Pry at TheFashionisto.com
1989 births
Male models from Georgia (U.S. state)
Living people
People from Kennesaw, Georgia
American people of Irish descent
American people who self-identify as being of Native American descent
Male models
Cheryll Anne Tickle (born 18 January 1945) is a distinguished British scientist, known for her work in developmental biology and specifically for her research into the process by which vertebrate limbs develop ab ovo. She is an Emeritus Professor at the University of Bath.
Education
Tickle was educated at the University of Cambridge graduating with a Master of Arts degree in 1967, and received her Ph.D. from the University of Glasgow in 1970.
Career and research
Tickle worked as a postdoctoral researcher at Yale University, as a lecturer and reader at the Middlesex Hospital Medical School, and (after Middlesex merged with it in 1987) a reader and professor at University College London. She then moved to the University of Dundee in 1998, where she became Foulerton Professor of the Royal Society in 2000, and moved again to the University of Bath in 2007, retaining the Foulerton Professor title.
Tickle's research in developmental biology investigates how single cells, the fertilised egg, gives rise to a new individual during embryogenesis.
As Tickle was nearing the end of her undergraduate career at the University of Cambridge, the concept of sorting-out was on the rise. Sorting-out or cell sorting is the phenomenon where cultured cells are disaggregated and then re-aggregated with the purpose of observing the reestablishment of the spatial organization of cell structures within a cell.
Following the completion of her PhD in 1970, Tickle was given a NATO fellowship where she completed a postdoc in the United States working with John Philip Trinkaus at Yale University on cell sorting in fish embryos. After two years, Tickle moved back to London where she worked with Lewis Wolpert, who had been her PhD supervisor. At this time, she decided that she was going to focus on the effects of positional or pattern information on the sorting out process of cells during the limb development of chicken embryos. Tickle's hypothesis was that if cells of the embryonic limb were to be given distinct characteristics in a random arrangement the cells would arrange themselves into a generated pattern or “sort out”.
In 1969, a scientist named John Saunders established that the apical ectodermal ridge (AER)--a transparent rim along limb buds--plays an important role in the development or outgrowth of a limb along with the zone of polarizing activity(ZPA). Using these findings, Tickle focused her research on how the ZPA controlled the development of the limb, specifically along the anterior and posterior axis of a developing limb as this axis is controlled by the signaling of the ZPA.
It was at this time that Wolpert suggested that the ZPA produced morphogen to create a concentration gradient so that cells at varying positions along the limb bud would be exposed to different concentrations ultimately providing them with the information necessary to develop into the appropriate number of digits. In other words, he believed that the distance from the polarizing region would lead to the formation of different digits during limb development. Tickle's experiments in his lab on embryonic chicken wings did find that the type of digit that developed did depend on its distance from the polarizing region. Cells closest to the polarizing region on the posterior side of the limb would come in contact with higher concentrations of morphogen to then form a chicken digit 4, whereas the cells furthest from the polarizing region on the anterior side of the limb would experience much lower concentrations and therefore develop the chicken digit 2. These results were important in the field of developmental biology at this time, as it suggested that this model would be a definitive way of understanding how the polarizing region or ZPA worked.
In 1976, Bruce Alberts, an American biochemist, brought the concept of using beads to further their research in the development of limbs. Together, they came up with the idea to soak the beads in extracts made from the polarizing region and then position them along the anterior margin of a developing chicken limb. There was also little known about what other chemicals were utilized during development, so the beads were soaked in many other substances thought to be significant, including insulin which was suggested to lead to duplication of limbs in ducks. In the early 1980's, Tickle's lab identified retinoic acid as a chemical that could mimic the signaling of the polarizing region by using carriers soaked in the retinoic acid.
By 1990, it was discovered that homologs of many developmentally important genes in vertebrates were found in Drosophila melanogaster and multiple scientists cloned chick homologs of these genes. Cheryll Tickle worked alongside Eddy De Robertis and Denis Duboule to look at Hox gene expression in developing limbs to relate it to chicken wing patterns. They found that if a limb was duplicated with retinoic acid, the pattern of Hox gene expression would also be copied.
Tickle also worked with Gail Martin and Lee Niswander in 1994 to find that fibroblast growth factors (FGF) are what is used by the apical ectodermal ridge for signaling. They also discovered that bone morphogenetic proteins (BMP) were involved in the polarizing region signaling. To test this, Tickle utilized the bead technology introduced by Bruce Alberts by using particular beads to apply various chemicals to developing limbs. When the ACR was removed and FGF soaked beads were substituted within a chick wing bud, it was found to be able to promote proper chicken wing development. This was a significant finding that led to further discovery of this concept within mice by Gail Martin on a more complex scale. A student in Tickle's lab found that the placement of a bead soaked with FGF for only a few hours could induce the development of a new limb where one would not naturally form. It was concluded that FGF signaling must be turned off following the completion of limb development or else the organism risks additional digit formation and other abnormalities taking place.
Awards and honours
Tickle was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 1998, a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (FRSE) in 2000, a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences (FMedSci) in 2001, and a member of the European Molecular Biology Organisation in 2001. In 2004 the University of St. Andrews awarded her an honorary doctorate. In 2005 she was named a Commander of The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (CBE). She also serves as a governor of the Caledonian Research Foundation. Her nomination for the Royal Society reads:
Personal life
Tickle married John Gray in 1979.
References
1945 births
20th-century British biologists
20th-century British women scientists
21st-century British biologists
21st-century British women scientists
Academics of the University of Bath
Academics of the University of Dundee
Academics of University College London
Alumni of Girton College, Cambridge
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
British women biologists
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Living people
Members of the European Molecular Biology Organization
Place of birth missing (living people)
Horses in the Mines is the second album by the American band Bad Livers, released in 1994. It was released a month after their gospel album, Dust on the Bible, was reissued. Horses in the Mines was Bad Livers' second album for Quarterstick Records; Bad Livers signed with Quarterstick, in part, because major labels considered the band to be a novelty. The band supported the album with a North American tour.
Production
The album was produced by bandmember Danny Barnes. It was recorded on an 8-track in an Austin woodshed, in the fall of 1993. It was mastered at Abbey Road Studios. The packaging is reminiscent of an old Folkways Records album. Horses in the Mines emphasizes the band's original material, with most of the songs written and sung by Barnes; Barnes was influenced by old gospel songs and conversations with elderly acquaintances.
Steve James appears on Horses in the Mines. "New Bad Liver Singer" contains vocals by Barnes's dog.
Critical reception
Trouser Press called the album "more reflective, less rollicking than its predecessor," and praised the "depth and sincerity." The Austin American-Statesman determined that "where the band's blitzkrieg interplay once left no space unfilled, the title track is brooding, halting, conveying as much sense of dread in the intervals between the notes as it does in the lyrics," and deemed the album "music that is sui generis—not bluegrass, not old-timey, but primarily punk in the sense that punk once meant freedom to do anything."
Rolling Stone stated that Bad Livers' "take on America's musical heritage is both obsessively pure and free-form." The St. Paul Pioneer Press labeled Horses in the Mines "authentic, old-timey porch music fueled by banjos, fiddles, empty whiskey bottles, [and] barking dogs."
AllMusic noted that "while it has a largely traditional sound, its production and experimental tendencies are likely to further alienate any potential traditional bluegrass fans they may have courted." The Boston Herald listed the album among the best "unknown" albums of 1994.
Track listing
References
1994 albums
Quarterstick Records albums
When the Serbs in Banat rose up against the Ottomans in 1594, using the portrait of Saint Sava on their war flags, the Ottomans retaliated by incinerating the relics of St. Sava on the Vračar plateau in Belgrade. Grand Vizier Koca Sinan Pasha, the main commander of the Ottoman army, ordered for the relics to be brought from Mileševa to Belgrade, where he set them on fire on 27 April. Monk Nićifor of the Fenek monastery wrote that "there was great violence carried out against the clergy and devastation of monasteries". The Ottomans sought to symbolically and really, set fire to the Serb determination of freedom, which had become growingly noticeable. The event, however, sparked an increase in rebel activity, until the suppression of the uprising in 1595. It is believed that his left hand was saved; it is currently held at Mileševa.
The burning of Saint Sava's relics () is a Serbian Orthodox religious holiday venerated on 27 April (10 May Gregorian). Archbishop Sava founded the Serbian Orthodox Church, Serbian ecclesiastical law and national literature. He was canonized as a miracle-worker and his religious cult was assimilated into folk beliefs in Ottoman times. The veneration of his relics created tension between Serbs and the occupying Ottomans. In 1774, Sava was proclaimed the patron saint of all Serbs. In the 19th century the cult was revived in the context of nationalism with the prospect of independence from the Ottomans, "representing and reproducing powerful images of a national Golden Age, of national reconciliation and unification, and of martyrdom for the church and nation". After Serbia gained full independence, a cathedral dedicated to the saint was planned, part of modernization plans of Belgrade. Although the construction board for the church was established in 1895, the construction of the winning concept, based on Gračanica and Hagia Sophia, began in 1935. Construction stopped during World War II and the Communist rule, only to be restarted after permission in 1984; as of 2010, the exterior is finished and interior unfinished. The site where Saint Sava's relics were burnt, the Vračar plateau, became the new grounds of the National Library of Serbia and the Church of Saint Sava dedicated to the saint, in the 20th century. From its location, the church dominates Belgrade's cityscape, and has become a national symbol.
References
Sources
Books
Journals
External links
Охридски пролог за 27. април (10. мај)
Ломача за Светог Саву упаљена на Ташмајдану („Вечерње новости“, 25. септембар 2013)
Saint Sava
Persecution of Serbs
16th century in Serbia
1594 in Europe
1595 in Europe
Christian relics
16th-century fires
History of the Serbian Orthodox Church
Ottoman Serbia
Events in Belgrade
Vračar
Hail, Hail, the Gang's All Here is an American popular song first published in 1917. The lyrics, written by D. A. Esrom (pseudonym of Theodora Morse) to a tune composed by Arthur Sullivan for the 1879 comic opera The Pirates of Penzance, are:
The melody was originally part of "With Cat-Like Tread" in Act II of Pirates and echoes the Anvil Chorus from Giuseppe Verdi's opera Il Trovatore; W. S. Gilbert's original lyrics set by Sullivan to the tune are:
It appears that the lyric "Hail, hail, the gang's all here" had unofficially been added to Sullivan's melody many years before 1917. It was referenced in American newspapers as a familiar song as early as 1898, sung at political and other gatherings. A Philadelphia Inquirer news item from April 1, 1898, for example, stated that during a raucous meeting, members of the Philadelphia Common Council loudly sang, "Hail, hail, the gang's all here, what the h--- do we care! What the h--- do we care!" Likewise, a Delaware state legislature session in March 1901 was disrupted when Democratic members loudly sang the song. The title line of the song is also quoted in the closing measures of the 1915 song "Alabama Jubilee". Also in 1915, the Ohio State University fight song Across the Field incorporated the title phrase as the penultimate lyric.
The song is referred to in Kurt Vonnegut's book, Slaughterhouse-Five: "The door was flung open from inside. Light leaped out through the door, escaped from prison at 186,000 miles per second. Out marched fifty middle-aged Englishmen. They were singing "Hail, Hail, the Gang's All Here" from the Pirates of Penzance."
By the 1950s, the chorus of the song (with revised lyrics) had become popular in Irish and Scottish communities as being part of "The Celtic Song", sung by the fans of Glasgow Celtic in Scotland and later other teams. Glen Daly recorded an "official version" of "The Celtic Song" that is commonly played at Celtic Park prior to matches.
External resources
Sheet music with both verse and chorus
Lyrics with MIDI on nih.gov
References
Compositions by Arthur Sullivan
1917 songs
Songs with lyrics by Theodora Morse
The Madonna with Beardless St. Joseph is an early painting by Raphael, produced c. 1506, now at the Hermitage Museum. It depicts Saint Joseph, the Virgin Mary, and the baby Jesus.
It is usually thought to be one of the small Madonnas painted by Raphael for Guidobaldo da Montefeltro during his one of his brief stays in Urbino between 1505 and 1506 and which Giorgio Vasari saw in that city. The earliest definitive mention of the Hermitage work dates to the 18th century, when it was probably in the Duke of Angoulême's collection in Paris. From there it passed into the collection of Pierre Crozat, which was bought almost in its entirety by Catherine II of Russia in 1772, forming the core of the future Hermitage Museum.
The work was restored early in the 19th century, leading Alexander Pushkin to write the poem Renaissance and to refer to the work in his Mozart and Salieri, having his version of Salieri state "I don't find it funny when the painter is useless / It stains Raphael's Madonna for me". The National Gallery applied for the work to be loaned to its 2020 exhibition marking the five hundredth anniversary of the artist's death, but this was delayed by the COVID-19 pandemic until 2022 and permission for its loan was withdrawn following the Russian invasion of Ukraine that year.
See also
List of paintings by Raphael
Notes
References
PDF in Wikimedia
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20090204203750/http://www.hermitagemuseum.org/html_En/03/hm3_3_1g.html
Paintings of the Madonna and Child by Raphael
Crozat collection
Paintings in the collection of the Hermitage Museum
1506 paintings
Paintings of the Holy Family
Detlef Laugwitz (1932–2000) was a German mathematician and historian, who worked in differential geometry, history of mathematics, functional analysis, and non-standard analysis.
Biography
He was born on 11 May 1932 in Breslau, Germany. Starting in 1949, he studied mathematics, physics, and philosophy at the Georg-August-University at Göttingen, where he received his doctorate in 1954. Until 1956 he worked in the Mathematical Research Institute of Oberwolfach. In 1958 he became a lecturer at the Technical University of Munich, where he obtained his Habilitation. In 1958 he moved to the Technical University of Darmstadt, where in 1962 he became a professor, and remained until his retirement. From 1976 to 1984 he was a visiting professor at Caltech.
Work
Laugwitz worked in differential geometry of infinite dimensional vector spaces (his dissertation) and in Finsler geometry. In 1958 he and Curt Schmieden developed their own approach to infinitesimals through field extensions, independently of Abraham Robinson. They described this as "infinitesimal mathematics" and leading back to the historical roots in Leibniz. In 1996 he published the standard biography of Bernhard Riemann.
Notes
Publications
.
20th-century German mathematicians
Historians of mathematics
Differential geometers
Technical University of Munich alumni
Technical University of Munich faculty
1932 births
2000 deaths
20th-century German historians
Technische Universität Darmstadt faculty
Argyrol is the trade name for an antiseptic for mucous membranes which consists of compounded solutions of mild silver protein. Argyrol is synonymous with the chemical Mild Silver Protein (MSP) which is pharmaceutical grade for use in medicine and sterile processes. MSP is a molecule produced in the chemical industry in Europe, consisting of elemental silver conjugated along the helix of a denatured protein molecule derived from caseinate of strictly regulated certified livestock. Argyrol 10% is 20,000 ppm with particle sizing molecular range from <8 nm to average <14.3 nm. Argyrol is a local anti-infective most familiar for both ophthalmic and upper respiratory disinfection. Widely publicized for its value to resolve gonorrhea infections, it was known to prevent gonorrheal blindness and other pathogenic bacterial and viral infections to the eyes of newborn infants. Albert C. Barnes developed and commercialized Argyrol as treatment and prevention technology.
History
Argyrol was first made commercially available in 1901 by the Barnes and Hille Chemists Company. It has remained a registered trademark since Barnes' USPTO registration was first issued in 1902. In 1903, Medical News reported that Barnes had read a paper at the Tri-State Medical Society, in which he said Argyrol could be used to treat conjunctivitis, ophthalmia neonatorum, gonorrheal ophthalmia, otitis media, genitourinary infections and inflammations and urethritis. In April 1907, Barnes bought out Hille and organized the A.C. Barnes Company to continue the manufacture and global sales of Argyrol from three headquarters located in the United States, Great Britain, and Australia. Argyrol was never patented because Barnes instead strategized to define the mark as its molecule for antiseptic use and promote it exclusively through protection of his Argyrol trademark.
Argyrol disinfection of mucous membranes benefit became public health policy to the eyes of newborns, required on birth certificates. The Surgeon General of the United States mandated Argyrol disinfection against the Spanish Influenza pandemic of 1918, as noted in the DTRA December 2006 report regarding US troops stationed at the Presidio in San Francisco all remaining uninfected by the use of Argyrol. Newspapers during the pandemic informed the public of physician recommendation for the use of Argyrol to the nose and throat and 'spray stations' were established on the street in New York. Nebulization of Argyrol was implemented but it is extraordinary that very little mention of Argyrol is found in contemporary articles about the pandemic. Argyrol disinfection was instrumental as to how the 1918 pandemic was brought under control, in addition to the same safety measures implemented to reduce the infection rates of the pandemic in 2020. Argyrol disinfection also was mandated during quarantine against other diseases such as diphtheria and a variety of uses of Argyrol was the WWII advantage of US and Allied forces. Argyrol was World Health Organization Essentials Medicine listed since inception and into the first decade of the 21st century. Argyrol was in almost every First Aid Safety kit for the workplace, school nurses' offices and public health clinics until manufacture was interrupted as observed by Dr. Leila Denmark, co-creator of the pertussis (Whooping Cough) vaccine and a staunch advocate for the use of Argyrol in her book "Every Child Deserves A Chance", noted interruption of Argyrol's availability during the 1970s.
For World War II, Argyrol post-exposure male sexual hygiene was mandated by the U.S. and Allied Militaries for sexually transmitted venereal disease prevention. With the advent of antibiotics, prevention was replaced by the promise of cures by injection. Argyrol Anti-Infective was prescribed less often because Argyrol's 10% Stabilized Solution was available without a prescription. Pharmacies also compounded solutions of mild silver protein at varied strength and by prescription. Argyrol was an important treatment for ophthalmic infections and at least until 1943, was preferred over silver nitrate as well. Found effective and reliable for treatment of a range of conditions in human and veterinary medicine, the sales of the drug brought in steady profits for decades. Barnes used the money made when he owned Argyrol to accumulate a large art collection of mainly French Impressionist works which today form the holding of the Barnes Foundation, an educational art institution established by his will. The paintings were valued in March 2010 at $25 billion.
Argyrol was manufactured by A.C. Barnes Company until the Zonite Products Corporation acquired the firm in 1929. Argyrol products also were dispensed in independent pharmacy-labelled bottles. A succession of only five entities acquired the Argyrol trademark registration over the decades, keeping alive the right to use the mark Argyrol as reflected in the public record of the USPTO, the foundation of WIPO. The Argyrol trademark was guarded to ensure the quality and protect the reputation of the drug by Barnes, which resulted in a particular protection under law issuing to Argyrol by legal decision in jurisprudence. Zonite Products Corporation rightfully cautioned their Argyrol buyers to beware of purchasing imitations of Argyrol which contained other competitive silver compounds that resembled Argyrol.
The silver protein molecule has been in clinical use for over 120 years with ample clinical data supporting its benefit and versatility. FOIA request of FDA noted no Argyrol adverse events reported during all that time. Although Argyrol is used as a synonym for the chemical descriptions silver vitelline and mild silver protein, Barnes insisted Argyrol was different. A silver-gelatin colloid, made by the reaction of silver nitrate, sodium hydroxide and gelatin, in which a complex colloidal aggregate is formed, Barnes could rightfully assert Argyrol differed in its chemical assay, for instance, as it was claimed to contain over 30% silver. When compounded in varying strengths, nevertheless Argyrol is silver protein identified as to its molecule stated in its mark description and Barnes was forced to accept the designation. Argyrol is an over-the-counter internationally recognized anti-infective drug that is drug regulatory compliant, immediate to manufacture and market distribution in all jurisdictions. Drug regulatory administrative adjudication by the US Food and Drug Administration to mandate New Drug Applications for all silver drugs in the class [Final Rule in 1999] resulted to effectively give Argyrol a monopoly, as Argyrol is the only OTC silver drug continuously in commerce in medicine since the 1901 date of launch by Barnes and Hille. Argyrol, called the most useful medicine of all time, is not found utilized in contemporary public health because NIH/NIAID/DAIDS opinion holds that "people won't do it", as stated by then DAIDS Director in answer to October 2019 direct query.
See also
Medical uses of silver – silver and silver colloids use in medical practice
Ovoferrin – a tonic by the same company
References
External links
Argyrol web site: www.argyrol.com
Antiseptics
Silver compounds
SF12 is a science fiction anthology edited by Judith Merril first published in 1968.
Stories in SF12
Introduction by Judith Merril
The Cinemagicians by Tuli Kupferberg
In Seclusion by Harvey Jacobs
The Food Farm by Kit Reed
Gogol's Wife by Tommaso Landolfi
The Balloon by Donald Barthelme
The Cloud-Sculptors of Coral D by J. G. Ballard
Luana by Gilbert Thomas
W-A-V-E-R by Tuli Kupferberg
During the Jurassic by John Updike
The Fall of Frenchy Steiner by Hilary Bailey
Light of Other Days by Bob Shaw
Beyond the Weeds by Peter Tate
The Primary Education of the Camiroi by R. A. Lafferty
When I Was Miss Dow by Sonya Dorman
A Vacation on Earth by Thomas M. Disch
Confluence by Brian W. Aldiss
from "Journal From Ellipsia" by Hortense Calisher
An Ornament to His Profession by Charles L. Harness
Narrow Valley by R. A. Lafferty
They Do Not Always Remember by William Burroughs
The Winter Flies by Fritz Leiber
When I First Read... by Dick Allen
You: Coma: Marilyn Monroe by J. G. Ballard
And More Changes Still by Henri Michaux
The Other by Katherine MacLean
Chicken Icarus by Carol Emshwiller
In the Egg by Gunter Grass
The Star-Pit by Samuel R. Delany
Personal by Tuli Kupferberg
References
Goodreads listing for SF12
MIT Science Fiction Society's Library Pinkdex Entry for SF12
1968 anthologies
Science fiction anthologies
Delacorte Press books
The grey-headed piprites (Piprites griseiceps) is a species of bird which traditionally has been placed in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Costa Rica, Guatemala, Honduras, and Nicaragua. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
grey-headed piprites
Birds of Honduras
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
grey-headed piprites
grey-headed piprites
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Daryl Peach (born 8 March 1972) is an English professional pool player, from Lancashire, who resides in Blackpool, England. He won the 2007 WPA World Nine-ball Championship, where he defeated the Philippines' Roberto Gomez 17–15 in the final to become the first British player to win the WPA World Nine-ball Championship.
Representing England with partner Mark Gray, Peach has competed at the World Cup of Pool on six occasions, reaching the final in 2008 and 2015. Peach represented Great Britain and won the inaugural World Team Championship in 2010. He has also represented Europe in the Mosconi Cup in 1995 and 2007, and was a member of the winning team on both occasions. Peach was the youngest winner of the World Pool Masters, his first pool tournament, winning the 1995 event at the age of 23 years and three months. He is also the first player to have been ranked number one in the UK rankings, European tour rankings, and WPA World rankings concurrently.
Peach is a five-time winner on the Euro Tour, having won events from 2007 until 2012. With a total of nine medals from tour events, Peach is the tenth most successful player on the tour of all time.
Career
Snooker and transition to pool (1991–1995)
Daryl Peach was born on 8 March 1972 in Castleford, Yorkshire, England. Peach moved to Blackpool when he was fourteen. Originally a snooker player, Peach turned professional in 1991 but was unable to reach the TV stages of any tournaments. Peach played alongside the likes of Ronnie O'sullivan, Mark Williams, John Higgins, who all were battling in the qualifying rounds at the same time. He reached a peak ranking of 250th in the world on the World Snooker Tour. His last snooker tournament was the 1995 Welsh Open, where he lost 4–5 to Matthew Stevens in the opening qualifying round.
Following this loss, Peach was convinced by a friend to take up nine-ball pool, and entered a UK ranking event "just to see". Peach won this even in convincing fashion, beating some of the highest ranked UK players along the way. After his initial win, Peach entered the next 3 UK ranking events, winning then all to make it 4 out of 4. He quickly rose to the top of the UK rankings, and because of this, he received an invite into the 1995 European Pool Masters tournament (which later became the World Pool Masters). Peach sailed through the event, defeating Lee Kendall in the final, making him the youngest winner of the tournament at age 23 years and three months. Following his win, he was invited to represent Europe at the 1995 Mosconi Cup partnering pool players Kendall, Oliver Ortmann, Tom Storm, and snooker players Steve Davis, Alex Higgins, and Jimmy White. The European team won the series, 16–15; with Peach playing an integral part in the Europeans first ever victory in the event. Following his huge successes, Peach decided not to renew his professional snooker status, opting to play pool instead.
Post European Masters (1996–2004)
After his binding start to his Pool career, Peach spent to next few years cementing his place at the top of the UK rankings, playing in between 25 and 30 UK ranking events per year. He slowly started to filter more and more European events into his calendar, along with the odd world major event. Peach competed in the World Pool Masters, reaching the semi finals twice. He reached the quarter finals of the 2004 WPA World Eight-ball Championship, where he lost to Michael Schmidt 10–7. Peach was also starting to knock on the door on the tough Euro Tour, reaching the semi-finals of the Austria Open. Later he reached the final of the German Open, runner-up to Oliver Ortmann.
United Kingdom number one again...
In 2005, Peach competed in all six Euro Tour events, reaching the main stages in each of them. He reached the round-of-16 stage at the Belgium and Swiss Opens, the quarter-finals at the German and Costa Del Sol Opens, and the semi-finals of the Austria Open. He later reached the quarter-finals of the WPA World Eight-ball Championship, after defeating Souquet in the round of 16, losing to eventual champion Wu Jia-qing. His season results led him to become the number one ranked player in the United Kingdom, a position that was becoming to be a given for Peach.
This success gave him the opportunity to represent England at the 2006 World Cup of Pool doubles event, where he partnered Steve Davis. In the first round, the pair defeated the South Korean team of Jeong Young-hwa and Lee Gun-jae 9–6, but lost in the quarter-finals to Earl Strickland and Rodney Morris of the United States. in late 2006, Peach decided to enter a qualifying event in Holland to win a place on the new International Pool Tour (IPT), which he won. He played in both the IPT World Open (eight-ball) and the IPT North American Open, finishing in 17th and 7th places, respectively.
World nine-ball champion (2007)
In 2007, Peach won his first Euro Tour event, the German Open.On route to the final, he beat Alex Lely 10-6, Dzmitry Chuprov 10–3, Niels Feijen 10–7, Thorsten Hohmann 10–7, and David Alcaide 10–5. In the final, he defeated Dimitri Jungo 10–3.
In November, Peach entered the 2007 WPA World Nine-ball Championship, held at the infamous Araneta Coluseum in Manila, Philippines, the same exact arena where Mohamud Ali defeated Joe Frazier in the famous "Thriller in Manila" fight. seeded 17th for the event. He won his double elimination rounds, reaching the knockout rounds. He then defeated defending champion Ronato Alcano 10–6, former runner-up Lee Kung-fang 10–7, and Harald Stolka 11–5, to reach the quarter-finals. There, Peach played another former runner-up Francisco Bustamante. Bustamante lead 10–9 in a -to-11-racks match. With Bustamante behind the , he played a to make a combination shot on the 9ball. Despite Bustamante celebrating the victory, referee Nigel Reese consulted a television replay of the shot, and declared it was a foul, awarding Peach . The actual foul shot was replayed on the big overhead screens, showing that there was no doubt that the shot was a foul. Following the decision, it took over 10 minutes for the heavily partizan crowd to calm down and accept the decision. With ball in hand, Peach ran out the high pressured rack to tie the match at 10-10. He then kept Bustamente in his chair completing his victory with a solid break and run in the final rack decider, winning 11–10.
The semi-final featured Peach defeating Hungarian player Vilmos Foldes 11–2 to set up a final match vs Roberto Gomez. In the race-to-17-racks match, Peach took to the table better, reaching an early five-rack lead at 8–3. Gomez won six racks in a row to take the lead before Peach went ahead by two at 12–10. Gomez dug in again to regain the lead and go 15–12 ahead. Then it was Peach's turn to build the come back, levelling the match at 15-15. With two racks required to win the championship, Peach had the momentum and won the next rack allowing Peach to get to the . A long safety battle ensued in rack 32, which was dominated by Peach, allowing him to get the first chance. He convincingly ran the rack to win the championship, and become the first ever British winner of the event.
In becoming world champion, Peach was then selected to represent Europe once again, at the 2007 Mosconi Cup. He partnered Souquet, Feijen, Konstantin Stepanov, and Tony Drago.Here, Peach won his 2nd Mosconi Cup winners medal, making it 2 from 2 attempts. probably more famously than the win itself, In his interview after his match against Earl Strickland, Peach branded his opponent the "scum of the earth", following claims that Strickland purposefully attempted to distract Peach. The pair were later separated by Michaela Tabb, even after a warning from Tabb against Strickland.
Reigning world champion (2008–2010)
Following Peach's world championship victory, he reached the round-of-16 stage of both the 2008 WPA World Eight-ball Championship and the U.S. Open Nine-ball Championship. In October 2008, Peach partnered Mark Gray at the 2008 World Cup of Pool. They reached the event's final, losing to the American team of Rodney Morris and Shane Van Boening. The World Nine-ball Championship was cancelled, so Peach retained his world championship status until the event returned in 2010. In the intervening years, Peach won his second and third Euro Tour events at the end .
Peach was chosen to represent Great Britain at the 2010 World Team Championship alongside Darren Appleton, Imran Majid, Karl Boyes, and Mark Gray. The team qualified for the round of 16, where they defeated Germany 4–0. In their quarter-final against the People's Republic of China, the match finished tied at 3–3, and so a tiebreaker was played in a race-to-six-racks. However, the winning team had to win by two clear racks. The match lasted significantly over six racks, with Peach making the winning shot to win 27–25. The team defeated Greece 4–2 to reach the final. In the final, the team played the Filipino team, winning 4–1 to become world champions.
Post world championship (2011–present)
In 2011, Peach won both the international 9bal and international 8ball, a feat which has never been repeated. He reached the quarter final of both the World nine-ball and ten-ball championships. The following year, Peach won his 4th and 5th Euro Tour events at the . and 2012 Portugal Open.
At the 2015 World Cup of Pool, Peach and partner Mark Gray reached the final once again, but lost 8–10 to the Chinese Taipei team of Ko Pin-yi and Chang Yu-lung. S
After this point, Peach lost both his parents, and also had a major injury to his right shoulder, which meant that he played sporadically in tournaments Since.
Personal life
Peach is married to Lesley Peach; they have one child named Ellie. Peach is an amateur golfer, having gained a handicap of eight in 2010. When not playing pool, he develops real estate.
Titles
2013 Interpool Open 10-Ball Challenge
2012 Longoni Benelux Open
2012 Euro Tour German Open
2010 World Team Championship
2010 Euro Tour Italy Open
2010 GB Blackpool Pro Cup
2009 Lugo International Nine-Ball Open
2009 Euro Tour Portugal Open
2007 WPA World Nine-ball Championship
2007 Mosconi Cup
2007 Euro Tour German Open
1995 Mosconi Cup
1995 World Pool Masters
See also
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
English pool players
Sportspeople from Castleford
World champions in pool
WPA World Nine-ball Champions
Papa Roach: Live & Murderous in Chicago is the first DVD by Californian rock band Papa Roach. It was released in the United States on November 22, 2005 and features the band performing live at The Vic Theatre in Chicago, Illinois. Extras include all of the band's music videos from their career to date, a photo gallery, and a hidden Easter egg. The DVD was produced and directed by Devin DeHaven through his company, FortressDVD. The concert has also been aired on HDNet.
Track listing
Introduction
Dead Cell
Not Listening
She Loves Me Not
M-80 (Explosive Energy Movement)
Getting Away with Murder
Be Free
Life Is a Bullet
Blood (Empty Promises)
Done With You
Harder Than a Coffin Nail
Blood Brothers
Born with Nothing, Die with Everything
Infest
Take Me
Scars
Broken Home
Cocaine (Queens of the Stone Age cover)
Last Resort
Between Angels and Insects
End Credits
Bonus material
Music videos
"Last Resort"
"Broken Home"
"Between Angels and Insects"
"She Loves Me Not"
"Time and Time Again"
"Getting Away with Murder"
"Scars"
Photo gallery
Easter egg (To find, go to the audio selection screen, highlight main menu, press left and then enter.)
Personnel
Jacoby Shaddix - lead vocals
Jerry Horton - lead guitar, backing vocals
Tobin Esperance - bass guitar, backing vocals
Dave Buckner - drums, percussion
References
Papa Roach albums
Concert films
2005 live albums
2005 video albums
Live video albums
Barry Jhay, born Oluwakayode Junior Balogun, is a Nigerian Afrobeats musician notable for his cultural style of music. He is from Ibadan, Nigeria but raised in Lagos and his father is the iconic late Fuji artist, Ayinde Barrister. Barry was born into a lineage of well-known Yoruba musicians as his grandfather I.K. Dairo is a well known Juju traditional artist and his father is credited for the invention of Fuji music.
Music and Career
Barry Jhay entered the music scene in 2018 and was propelled into recognition with the success of his single tiled Aiye. The song captured a soulfully presented representation of some of the cyclical nature of life. Barry's music has explored profound themes such as the Yoruba concept of Ori and has conveyed other messages such as urging listeners to be more compassionate and to be courageous in the face of oppression and to examine evidence before passing judgment. His belief is that music is for ones soul and he has portrayed his intention to make music that has deeper meaning and is particularly his, as opposed to the result of his musical lineage.
Awards and nominations
Discography
Singles
Ashe She
Only you
Olodo
Sokale
Ori
Japa
Muje
Solemuje
Aiye
References
Afrobeat musicians
The Headies winners
Living people
1993 births
Kenna Campbell () (born 21 July 1937) is a Scottish singer, teacher, tradition bearer and advocate for Gaelic language, culture and song.
Biography
Campbell was born on 21 July 1937 at Greepe, near Roag on the Isle of Skye, into a Crofting family known for their singing and pipe playing. As a child she regularly sang at ceilidhs, and once sang for Dame Flora MacLeod, Chieftain of the MacLeod clan, at Dunvegan Castle.
She left Skye for Glasgow, to study for a diploma in primary school teaching at Jordanhill College, and later in her career became Head Teacher at the special needs Newhills School in Easterhouse.
While pursuing her career and bringing up her family she continued to sing. Her favoured styles are puirt à beul (mouth music) and òran mór (the Great song). She sang with her sister Mary, and appeared on BBC Scotland and on the Scottish Television show Jigtime. Together with her sister Ann, brother Seumas and guitarist Ian Young she formed a group called Na h-Eilthirich (The Exiles). Na h-Eilthirich toured Scotland and Europe, broadcast regularly, and recorded an album.
In 1981 she, with several others, established the Barra Fèis a festival of Gaelic music and song. This was in response to parents' and others concern that Gaelic music and tradition was neither being taught to young people in a formal context, nor being particularly celebrated. So successful were the Barra Fèisean that many other communities have since established similar local events.
In the 1990s Campbell formed Bannal, a Glasgow-based group of eight woman, including her daughter Wilma Kennedy, who sang traditional Gaelic waulking songs. In 1996 the group released a CD on Greentrax Recordings titled Waulking Songs. In 2006 they made another release titled Bho Dòrn gu Dòrn. One side of the disc, in CD format, features recordings of more waulking songs, and on the other side, in DVD format, there is a 30-minute documentary on the tradition of waulking songs.
On 20 May 1994 Kenna sang the 23rd psalm in Gaelic at the funeral service of Labour Party leader John Smith. She would later reprise the performance for the 2003 TV film The Deal.
Campbell was the principal tutor in Gaelic and Scottish song at the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland, and in 2009 received an honorary degree.
Campbell was married to Alasdair Kennedy (d. 2004), a design engineer, and together they had two daughters, Mary Ann Kennedy and Wilma Kennedy, both of whom are involved in music.
Campbell was an early trustee of Sabhal Mòr Ostaig, and in 2009 received an Honorary Fellowship from the College in recognition of the important role she played in promoting the Gaelic language, and in the development of Gaelic education in Scotland.
In June 2017 Campbell received an Order of the British Empire in the Queen's Birthday Honours List for services to the promotion of the Gaelic language, music and Gaelic medium education.
References
People from the Isle of Skye
Scottish Gaelic singers
20th-century Scottish women singers
1937 births
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Living people
Archips subsidiarius is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam and Kashmir, India.
References
Moths described in 1924
Archips
Moths of Asia
Amity is a hamlet in the town of Warwick, New York, United States. It is located between Edenville and Pine Island, near the New Jersey state line. Amity is served by the Amity Station of the Pine Island Fire Department. The Amity Presbyterian Society was founded in 1796 and, after 213 years, celebrated its last service on April 26, 2009. The church, located on Newport Bridge road near Amity Road, became home to Vision Community Church until December 2010. Vision moved to the Park Avenue Elementary school in Warwick, NY after the Amity property was put up for sale..
References
Hamlets in New York (state)
Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown metropolitan area
Hamlets in Orange County, New York
Peter or Pete Young may refer to:
Sports
Peter Dalton Young (1927–2002), English rugby union player
Peter Young (cricketer, born 1961), Australian cricketer
Pete Young (born 1968), American baseball player
Peter Young (rugby league) (fl. 1970s), Australian rugby league player
Peter Young (skier) (fl. 1984–1994), British paralympic skier
Peter Young (cricketer, born 1986), English cricketer
Others
Peter Young (tutor) (1544–1628), Scottish diplomat, tutor to James VI of Scotland
Peter Young (British Army officer) (1912–1976), British general
Peter Young (historian) (1915–1988), British World War II soldier
Peter Young (priest) (1916–1987), British Anglican clergyman, Archdeacon of Cornwall
Peter Young (artist) (born 1940), American artist
Peter Young (judge) (born 1940), Australian judge
Peter C. Young (born 1940), British-born ichthyologist and parasitologist
Peter Young (set decorator) (fl. 1968–present), Academy Award-winning set director
Peter Young (banker) (fl. 1980s–present), American banker
Peter Daniel Young (fl. 1990s–present), American animal rights activist
Other uses
Peter Young Stakes, Australian horse race
See also
Peter the Younger (1547–1568), Prince of Wallachia
Rognvald Richard Farrer Herschell, 3rd Baron Herschell (13 September 1923 – 26 October 2008) was a British hereditary peer and politician.
Life
He succeeded his father to the peerage in 1929, and thus enjoyed his peerage for 79 years. He lost his right to sit in the House of Lords upon passage of the House of Lords Act 1999 which disqualified most hereditary peers from an automatic seat.
Herschell was the only son of Richard Herschell, 2nd Baron Herschell, and Vera, daughter of Sir Arthur Nicolson, 10th Baronet, and was educated at Eton College. He was a Page of Honour to the king from 1935 to 1940 and was a train bearer at the coronation of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth in 1937. A captain in the Coldstream Guards, Lord Herschell fought in the Second World War from 1942 to 1945. Despite being entitled to a seat in the House of Lords between 1944 and 1999, he never took his seat.
Family
Lord Herschell married Lady Heather, daughter of Humphry Legge, 8th Earl of Dartmouth, in 1948. They had one daughter, the Hon. Arabella Jane (b. 1955), who is married to Sir John Kiszely. Herschell died in October 2008, aged 85, when the barony became extinct.
Arms
References
Citations
Bibliography
Bedford, M. (1999). Dod's Parliamentary Companion (118 ed.). Westminster: Vacher Dod Publishing.
http://hansard.millbanksystems.com/people/mr-rognvald-herschell
1923 births
2008 deaths
People educated at Eton College
British people of Polish-Jewish descent
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Rognvald
Feyzabad (, also Romanized as Feyz̤ābād) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Klepach is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia. It used to be part of the former municipality of Topolčani.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 160 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 160
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Access to public information and freedom of information (FOI) refer to the right to access information held by public bodies also known as "right to know". Access to public information is considered of fundamental importance for the effective functioning of democratic systems, as it enhances governments' and public officials' accountability, boosting people participation and allowing their informed participation into public life. The fundamental premise of the right to access public information is that the information held by governmental institutions is in principle public and may be concealed only on the basis of legitimate reasons which should be detailed in the law.
Access to information, just as media independence and pluralism remain critical issues in the Republic of Moldova. Despite numerous calls for media legislation reform, the government of Moldova has not made significant steps to improve access to information according to the country's international obligations, including a convention with the Council of Europe. Public officials widely impede access to public information through refusals, delays or incomplete answers, without sanctions. In 2014, the Independent Journalism Center (IJC) presented to Parliament amendments to improve the law on access to information, provide additional guarantees for journalists and limit unjustified limitations of access to public information by public officials. However, the draft law has not yet been adopted. According to the Executive Director of the Association of Independent Press, Petru Macovei, overall the law on access to information is good, but it is compromised by a non-collaborative attitude of the public authorities.
Legal framework
The right to access public information in guaranteed by Article 34 of the Moldovan Constitution and is regulated by the Law on Access to Information which was adopted in 2000. The law establishes that information of public interest can be requested in writing or orally. Information can be consulted at the institution's premises or can be received stored in an electronic support or in hardcopy. Viewing documents on the institution's premises is free of charge, while reasonable fees can be charged for the cost of photocopying, transcribing, translating or delivering the documents. According to the law, documents of public interest must be provided within 15 working days, which can be extended by five days in case of requests of large numbers of documents. If the request is rejected, the applicant can exercise its right of appeal to the relevant courts, and if the court decides on behalf of the applicant, the law imposes penalties in form of fines to the government body which has violated the law. Exceptions justifying limitation to the disclosure regime are specified in the law and include state secrets, information on the military, intelligence, economic, foreign policy or criminal proceedings, information concerning ongoing lawsuit, personal data, confidential business data, and preliminary results of scientific and technical research.
Access to information in practice
In practice, compliance with the Law on Access to Information remains weak just as its implementation which is not supported by the full authority of the bodies responsible for its enforcement. The Ombudsman in Moldova has the authority to supervise the implementation of the law, but this office lacks the capacity and the resources to exercise its role. Investigative journalists and civil society organisations face numerous difficulties when requesting access to public information, including obstruction by public officials, refusals and delays in replying to requests, as well as incomplete responses to requests for information. To justify their denials, public officials frequently cite laws that conflict with the Law on Access to Information, in particular the Law on State Secrets and the Law on Trade Secrets.
One of the problem in enforcing the right to access public information is impunity, meaning that the law establishes only insignificant fines on public offices who fail to provide due access to information. Also, in many cases, the information provided by state bodies is shaped in the officials' favor, giving the impression that authorities are behaving in compliance with the law, while in fact depriving the requester the information they are seeking. Moreover, in many cases officials do not provide public interest information without the approval from a supervisor and often refuse to answer telephone calls from journalists, thus increasing the time for getting the required information.
Another problem concerns the costs for obtaining public information and the fees charged to the requester, despite some improvements made recently, such as the introduction of a public register through the E-Government service in 2014. This affects in particular newsrooms and investigative journalists that must pay large sums of money for getting data useful for their investigative work.
See also
Access to public information in Europe
Freedom of information
Freedom of information laws by country
Transparency of media ownership in Europe
Media of Moldova
Transparency of media ownership in Moldova
References
Rights
Freedom of speech
Human rights by issue
Day/night cricket, also known as floodlit cricket, is a cricket match that is played either totally or partially under floodlights in the evening. The first regular cricket to be played under floodlights occurred during World Series Cricket, unsanctioned by the International Cricket Council (ICC), attracting large crowds to see some of the world's best players compete in Australia and the West Indies. In 1979, when the ICC and World Series Cricket came to an understanding, the first floodlit One Day International was played, also in Australia. Floodlit cricket has since been played around the world, although England was slow to take it up due to their climate.
Floodlit first-class cricket was first played in 1994, when the concept was tried during the Sheffield Shield. Day/night cricket is now commonplace in one-day cricket and Twenty20 cricket. For instance, all 27 matches in the 2014 ICC World Twenty20 were day/night matches, as were most matches in the 2011 Cricket World Cup.
In October 2012, the International Cricket Council recast the playing conditions for Test matches, permitting day/night Test matches. The first day/night Test Match took place between Australia and New Zealand at the Adelaide Oval, Adelaide on 27 November 2015, 36 years to the day from the first ICC-sanctioned day/night match.
History
Although the idea was birthed in the western Adelaide suburb of Cowandilla in the 1930s, which led to an 11 team Electric Light Cricket competition there in the 1930s, it is believed that the first match played under floodlights in England was on 11 August 1952, between Middlesex County Cricket Club and Arsenal Football Club. The match was a benefit for Jack Young, and was not the first benefit match held between the two sides. Floodlights at Arsenal Stadium had been installed in the summer of 1951, and were first used for football in October 1951. The cricket match took place at 19:30, the lights were turned on towards the end of the first innings, in which Arsenal were batting. A public announcement was made, advising spectators (of which there were just over 7,000) to "Keep your eye on the ball, when you see it coming keep low. The batsmen will try to keep it down, but they can't promise." The match was televised on the BBC, with over a million viewers tuning in to watch the spectacle. The Times were not convinced of the success of floodlights in cricket, mischievously asking: "What is to prevent non-stop Test matches where the last wicket falls as the milkman arrives?"
It appeared that the cricketing world concurred with The Times that playing cricket under floodlights was not a viable concept, and for over twenty years Jack Young's benefit remained a one-off. However, in 1977, when Kerry Packer bought over 50 of the world's leading cricketers to play in his World Series Cricket, the concept came to the fore. After initial attendances at the matches were low, Packer moved from so called "Supertests" to one-day cricket, generally played under floodlights. Attendances of roughly 2,000 had attended the "Supertests" between Australia and the West Indies at the Australian rules football stadium, VFL Park in Melbourne in November 1977. A year later – almost to the day, 44,377 people were inside the Sydney Cricket Ground to watch a floodlit one-day match between the same sides. Opposition to World Series Cricket was large, and the matches did not have Test cricket nor first-class cricket status. In 1979 an agreement between the Australian Cricket Board and Kerry Packer brought World Series Cricket to an end. The marketing potential of floodlit cricket had been noticed though, and the first floodlit One Day International was contested in November 1979 between the official cricket teams of Australia and the West Indies.
Floodlit cricket was soon taking place not only in Australia, but also in South Africa, the West Indies and the subcontinent. In England, opposition remained firm; not only was there lingering hostility towards Packer's World Series Cricket, but the differences in climate made the application difficult. In contrast to Australia and South Africa, where twilight is minimal, and the light fades quickly, the long English evenings meant that the floodlights would only be required for the last hour or so of a match. The increased chance of rain also meant that the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) was loath to spend money on permanent lights, when rain would stop play anyway.
Day/night first-class matches
During the late 2000s, discussions regarding the possibility of playing day/night Test matches occurred. In the West Indies, the first floodlit first-class cricket match in which the teams used a pink ball, was played between Guyana and Trinidad and Tobago. The viability of using a pink ball was also tried out by Cricket Australia and some Indian Premier League and Bangladesh Cricket League franchises. The annual curtain-raiser to the English cricket season in 2010 was played under floodlights in Abu Dhabi, with a mixed but generally positive reception. A year later, in 2011, the first County Championship game to be played under lights was played, between Kent and Glamorgan at St Lawrence Ground, Canterbury.
The 2013–14 Sheffield Shield season included three-day/night first-class matches with pink balls. The trials continued in 2014–15 as Cricket Australia looked to host the first day-night Test in 2015 against New Zealand. This match took place at the Adelaide Oval, Adelaide on 27 November 2015.
India's first pink ball match took place in Kolkata on 18 July 2016. It was CAB Super League Final between Bhowanipore Club and Mohan Bagan. Mohan Bagan won the match by 296 runs. The 2016 Duleep Trophy matches were played under the lights in Greater Noida. Feedback about the ball was that due to the brightness of the ball, the team handling the camera was able to track the pink ball better than the red. However, catching the ball in the deep during day-light was relatively difficult compared to the red ball. In September 2016, the BCCI confirmed that there would be no day/night Tests in India during the 2016–17 season. Incidentally, the first day-night first-class match in India was held much earlier: in April 1997, the Ranji trophy final between Delhi and Mumbai was played at Gwalior under lights. A pink ball was not used, with play carried for five days using a white ball.
The second day/night Test took place between Pakistan and the West Indies on 13–17 October 2016. In October 2016 the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) confirmed that the first Test between England and the West Indies in August 2017 would be played as a day/night game.
Australia played two day/night Tests in their home summer of 2016/17: one against South Africa at Adelaide and one against Pakistan at Brisbane.
On 7 March 2017, Cricket Australia confirmed that the first day/night women's Test would be played between Australia and England. This was the sole Test of the 2017–18 Women's Ashes series and was played at the North Sydney Oval.
First international day/night matches by host country
Man 's
List of day/night Tests
Man 's
Woman 's
References
Limited overs cricket
Cricket terminology
Alan Douglas Cox (born 6 August 1970) is an English actor. He is perhaps most widely known for portraying a teenage Dr. Watson in Barry Levinson's production Young Sherlock Holmes (1985).
Life and career
Cox was born in Westminster, London, and is the son of Scottish Emmy Award-winning actor Brian Cox and his first wife, actress Caroline Burt. Cox was educated at St Paul's School in London. He has a sister, Margaret, and two half brothers Orson Jonathan Cox and Torin Kamran Cox.
Cox portrayed the young John Mortimer the 1982 TV adaptation of his play A Voyage Round My Father, starring opposite Laurence Olivier. He is probably most widely known for his role in Young Sherlock Holmes (1985), where he played a teenage version of Dr. Watson. Other films include An Awfully Big Adventure (1995), Mrs. Dalloway (1997), and The Auteur Theory (1999). In 2011, Cox also co-starred as a nudist named Cory Beck in the independent comedy Act Naturally.
Filmography
Film
{| class="wikitable"
!Year
!Title
!Role
!Notes
|-
| 1976
| A Divorce
| Jason
| TV film
|-
| 1981
| If You Go Down in the Woods Today
| Cub Scout
|
|-
| rowspan="2"|1982
| A Voyage Round My Father
| Son as a Boy
| TV film
|-
| East Lynne
| William Carlyle
| TV film
|-
| 1984
| Man of Letters
| Kenton
| TV film
|-
| 1985
| Young Sherlock Holmes
| John Watson
|
|-
| 1995
| An Awfully Big Adventure
| Geoffrey
|
|-
| 1997
| Mrs Dalloway
| Young Peter
|
|-
| 1999
| The Auteur Theory| George Sand
|
|-
| rowspan="2"|2000
| Cor, Blimey!| Orsino
| TV film
|-
| Weight| Henry Salmon
|
|-
| rowspan="2"|2002
| Die Wasserfälle von Slunj| Donald Clayton
| TV film
|-
| The Dinosaur Hunters| Richard Owen
| TV film
|-
| 2003
| Justice| Palm Sunday
|
|-
| rowspan="2"|2004
| Ladies in Lavender| Obsequious Man
|
|-
| Not Only But Always| Alan Bennett
| TV film
|-
| rowspan="2"|2006
| Elizabeth David: A Life in Recipes| Cuthbert
| TV film
|-
| Housewife, 49| Dennis
| TV film
|-
| 2008
| August| Barton
|
|-
| 2009
| Margaret| Gordon Reece
| TV film
|-
| 2010
| The Nutcracker in 3D| Gielgud
| Voice role
|-
| rowspan="2"|2011
| Act Naturally| Cory Beck
|
|-
| The Speed of Thought| Alexei
|
|-
| 2012
| The Dictator| BP Executive
|
|-
| rowspan="2"|2018
| Staging the Knack and How to Get It| Interviewer
| Short film
|-
| Say My Name| Father Donald Davies
|
|-
| 2019
| Act Super Naturally| Cory Beck
|
|-
|}
Television
Bibliography
Holmstrom, John. The Moving Picture Boy: An International Encyclopaedia from 1895 to 1995''. Norwich, Michael Russell, 1996, p. 381.
References
External links
1970 births
English male child actors
English male television actors
Living people
English people of Irish descent
English people of Scottish descent
Male actors from London
People from Westminster
English male film actors
People educated at St Paul's School, London
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English male actors
Browns Valley (also, Brown's Valley) is an unincorporated community in Yuba County, California. Browns Valley is located northeast of Marysville and is near Collins Lake. The name was in honor of a settler who arrived in 1850 and discovered gold here.
A post office was established at Browns Valley in 1864.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Populated places established in 1850
1850 establishments in California
Unincorporated communities in Yuba County, California
"Dead in the Water" is the second episode of the eighth season of British television show Midsomer Murders and the thirty seventh episode overall. It stars John Nettles as Detective Chief Inspector Tom Barnaby and Johns Hopkins as Detective Sergeant Dan Scott. The boating scenes were filmed in Henley, Oxfordshire.
Plot
Barnaby is persuaded by his wife to take a day out at the Midsomer Regatta. He is soon called into action however, when a body appears during a race. He discovers it is Guy Sweetman, a member of the club, and something of a ladies man. Barnaby tries to solve both the murder, and a spate of robberies in the area, which ultimately prove to be connected.
References
Midsomer Murders episodes
2004 British television episodes
Senator McCaffrey may refer to:
Francis J. McCaffrey Jr. (1902–1972), New York State Senate
Francis J. McCaffrey (1917–1989), New York State Senate
Michael McCaffrey (born 1963), Rhode Island State Senate
KF Osumi is an Albanian football club based in the small municipal unit of Dimal. They are currently competing in the Kategoria e Tretë.
References
Osumi
Osumi
Albanian Third Division clubs
Kliton Bozgo (born 5 December 1971) is a retired Albanian footballer.
Playing career
Club
During his career he played for both Slovenian football giants Olimpija and Maribor. He made a big impact in 1. SNL, especially in Maribor, where he is still regarded as one of the best forwards to ever play for the club. Overall, he scored a total of 110 goals for the Violets.
He was the best scorer of Slovenian League twice. This was in the 1999–2000 season (24 goals) and in the 2004–05 season (18 goals). In the 1999–2000 season he also played for Maribor in the elite UEFA Champions League. In total he has played 207 matches in Slovenian first league, scoring 109 goals in the process.
International
He made his debut for Albania in a February 1993 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Northern Ireland in Tirana and earned a total of 12 caps, scoring no goals. His final international was a February 2000 Malta International Football Tournament match against Malta.
Managerial career
During his time in Mura 05 he took the role of the assistant coach of Edin Osmanović. He joined Osmanović as assistant coach at Aluminij in 2013 upon his return from Austria, where he was player/manager of Union Gamlitz. After an unsuccessful fight for survival, Osmanović was replaced by Ante Šimundža before the start of the 2013–14 season in the second tier. Šimundža, a former teammate of Bozgo during the 1999–2000 season, quickly left Aluminij and took the reins at Maribor after they parted company with Ante Čačić, thus giving Bozgo a chance as interim manager in Kidričevo. But on 10 October Aluminij announced Robert Pevnik as Šimundža's successor and Bozgo stayed on as his assistant until the end of the season. After he left the club he returned to management with SV Sachsenburg in 2015 and in January 2016 he started a new chapter with SV Kaindorf in the Austrian Gebietsliga. He was replaced by Gernot Krinner in April 2018.
References
External links
Profile at Playerhistory
Profile at PrvaLiga
1971 births
Living people
Footballers from Gjirokastër
Association football forwards
Albanian footballers
Albania international footballers
FK Tomori Berat players
NK Dubrava players
NK Maribor players
NK Olimpija Ljubljana (1945–2005) players
FC Admira Wacker Mödling players
NK Drava Ptuj players
TSV Hartberg players
Wolfsberger AC players
ND Mura 05 players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Albanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Albanian expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Albanian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Albanian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Albanian football managers
Albanian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Slovenia
Expatriate football managers in Austria
Inquiry is any process that has the aim of augmenting knowledge, resolving doubt, or solving a problem.
The Inquiry was a study group to prepare materials for the peace negotiations following World War I.
(The) Inquiry may also refer to:
Inquiry (TV series), a Canadian current affairs television series
The Inquiry (2006 film), a historical drama
The Inquiry (1986 film), an Italian historical drama
Inquiry (health journal)
Inquiry: An Interdisciplinary Journal of Philosophy, a philosophy journal established in 1958 and published by Routledge
Inquiry: Critical Thinking Across the Disciplines, a philosophy journal established in 1988 by the Institute for Critical Thinking
Inquiry (magazine), a libertarian magazine
"The Inquiry" (short story), a short story by Alexander Kuprin
See also
Inquiry-based learning
Public inquiry
St Lawrence Academy or Saint Lawrence Academy may refer to:
Saint Lawrence Academy (Santa Clara), a Catholic college preparatory school located in California, United States
St Lawrence Academy (Scunthorpe), a Church of England secondary school located in Lincolnshire, England
See also
Saint Lawrence (disambiguation)
Catholic University School (formerly St Lawrence's Academy)
Josef Schäffer (born July 2, 1891 in Moravia) was an Austrian track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics. He competed in the decathlon, shot put, discus throw and two-handed discus throw. He finished tenth in the decathlon, throwing the second-furthest in the discus on his way to his score of 6568.585. In the shot put, he finished thirteenth. In the discus throw, he only managed to come twenty-ninth in the regular discus throw, but came sixteenth in the two-handed discus.
See also
Austria at the 1912 Summer Olympics
References
External links
1891 births
Austrian decathletes
Austrian shot putters
Austrian male discus throwers
Olympic athletes of Austria
Athletes (track and field) at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Year of death missing
Olympic decathletes
Eridon Qardaku (born 10 August 2000) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Albanian club Bylis.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Eridon Qardaku at the Albanian Football Association
2000 births
Living people
People from Shkodër County
People from Shkodër
Sportspeople from Shkodër
Footballers from Shkodër
Association football midfielders
Albanian footballers
KF Bylis Ballsh players
Kategoria Superiore players
Rothenfels is a town in the Main-Spessart district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (municipal association) of Marktheidenfeld. With a population of just around 1,000 it is said to be Bavaria's smallest town.
Geography
Location
Rothenfels lies on the Main's right bank between Lohr and Marktheidenfeld, 5 km north of Marktheidenfeld, and 33 km east of Aschaffenburg. Squeezed as it is between the river and a bluff, the town consists of little more than a main street. Since 2006, the Maindamm, previously part of the railway line has been used as a town bypass.
Neighbouring communities
From the north, clockwise: Neustadt am Main, Marktheidenfeld, Hafenlohr, (gemeindefreies Gebiet).
Subdivisions
Rothenfels has two Stadtteile, Rothenfels in the valley of the Main and Bergrothenfels on the hill, next to Rothenfels Castle ().
History
Marquardt II von Grumbach, Vogt of Neustadt Abbey built a "hunting lodge" on the hill where the castle stands today. However, the land was property of the abbey and the neighbours felt threatened by the fortification. The king asked the Prince-Bishop of Würzburg to settle the conflict. As a result of his mediation, Marquart received the land as a fief in 1150, but had to pay an annual rent to the abbey. Around 1200 the castle was rebuilt and the bergfried made form large bunter blocks on a square plan added. Construction of the new castle wall also started with large blocks but was finished with quarrystone.
The settlements, which arose under Rothenfels Castle's protection, were the later town in the valley and the farming estate that later became Bergrothenfels. When, in 1243, Albert II, the last of the Gumbach family died, town and castle came to the Counts of Rieneck. Ludwig III of Rieneck had married Albert's daughter. However, a document from 1150 stated that the castle should return to Neustadt Abbey in such a case. The abbey was not able to enforce its claim, Würzburg offered no support but rather helped to appoint the Count of Rieneck as vogt of Neustadt Abbey. Thus the County added a southern property to its northern possessions around Rieneck and Lohr. In 1333, Count Ludwig V of Rieneck-Rothenfels died and an inheritance dispute ensued. After prolonged legal fighting, the Counts lost their territory to the Archbishopric of Mainz, the Prince-Bishop of Würzburg and the Lords of Hanau. Rothenfels came to Würzburg. A document from 1342 refers to Rothenfels as a town.
In the 16th and early 17th century Rothenfels faced hardships, e.g. during the German Peasants War (1525) when the insurgents occupied and burned the castle. In the second half of the 16th century the town prospered based on shipping, fishing, trade and local crafts. This is the era in which the representative dwellings still extant were constructed in the town (see below). Around 1600 Rothenfels was the site of witch hunts in which around 100 women and men were charged with witchcraft, tortured and often killed. The Thirty Years' War brought another period of destruction: the castle was repeatedly occupied by passing armies and sacked. The population declined due to famine and plague.
During German Mediatisation in the early 19th century, the Prince-Bishopric became the Grand Duchy of Würzburg. Castle and Amt Rothenfels passed to the princely house of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg in 1803, and then in 1806 to the Principality of Aschaffenburg; in 1813, Rothenfels became part of the Kingdom of Bavaria. The castle remained property of the Lowenstein family.
In 1881, the Lohr–Wertheim line was opened, connecting the town to the railway system.
After World War II many Vertriebene came to the area, but Rothenfels remained the smallest municipality with town rights in Bavaria.
Bergrothenfels was separated administratively from Rothenfels in the 19th century, only to be reamalgamated in the 1971 Gebietsreform.
Governance
Mayor
From 1996 to 2014 Rosemarie Richartz (Stadtrat 96) was the mayor of Rothenfels. Since 2014 Michael Gram (Unabhängige Bürger/Freie Bürger/SPD) is the new mayor.
Coat of arms
The town's arms might be described thus: Or in base water argent, issuant therefrom three crags gules, in chief the letter R of the same.
The town's oldest known seal, carved in the late 16th century and known from a 1619 imprint, only showed the uppercase R. The same image is shown in a roll of arms from 1544, wherein the R is shown in red on a silver field. Shown on town and council seals from 1710 is a castle on crags, which are surmounted by the uppercase R (that is, the R is on the crags, not over them), possibly canting for the town's name, which means "Stronghold in Red Bunter". Since the early 19th century, all examples of the town's seal show the current composition. The arms were affirmed in 1836.
Attractions
Aside from its late-16th century and the former Spital (1578-97), the town features some historic timber-frame houses from the 16th and 17th centuries.
The parish church was originally built in the 15th century, serving both Rothenfels and Bergrothenfels. It was renovated in 1610/1. The Baroque tower dates from 1750.
On the hill above the town stands Rothenfels Castle (Burg Rothenfels). Rothenfels Castle is associated with the Catholic youth movement "" (named after Quickborn in Schleswig-Holstein), and serves as a Christian education and conference centre. The castle is also a German Youth Hostel Association (DJH) youth hostel.
Gallery
References
External links
Town's official webpage
Rothenfels Castle
Main-Spessart
"To Marguerite: Continued" is a poem by Matthew Arnold. It was first published in Empedocles on Etna (1852), with the title, "To Marguerite, in Returning a Volume of the Letters of Ortis". In the 1857 edition, the poem is printed as a sequel to the poem "Isolation: To Marguerite." There, it first adopted the simplified title.
Analysis
A metaphor is set up in the first stanza comparing humans to islands surrounded by life and the world around them, the sea. In one of his most famous lines "we mortal millions live alone" (where alone was originally italicized by the author) he bluntly states perhaps his largest complaint about dealing with community in the modern Victorian world. He wishes for a realistic connection as he speaks to someone that background implies he feels romantically for, but the tone of the poem, as well as the dark descriptions of a life lacking control, give the unresolved sentiment that this may never be possible. The metaphor looks to science in referencing an imagined land mass that once comprised all of the earth on the planet. By including science, Arnold expertly leads into his bitter complaint that the God of his modern world does not provide the same kind of faith and hope that he once did when facts and teleological reasoning weren't so important. While he attempts to reconcile the gap between human desires for community and love with a world that has left the individual very much to his own devices, the poem finds no resolution, but instead, looks to capture the feeling of sadness, lack of control, and isolation that accompanies this lack of conclusion.
Alternatively, it could be inferred that Arnold is the one thing left to depend on when orphaned by death in response to John Donne's "no man is an island." When a person is orphaned completely by surrounding deaths, there is, bitter as it may be, a God involved in this orchestration. The conclusion to be drawn is left up to the reader. It is a metaphor filled with the philosophical Problem of Evil. If God is all-powerful, all-knowing, and all-loving, how could He? Nevertheless, Arnold concludes He is there.
References
Poetry by Matthew Arnold
Sarah McKenzie (born 1971) is an American painter born in Greenwich, Connecticut. She has had numerous solo exhibitions, most notably with Denver's David B. Smith Gallery, New York's Jen Bekman Gallery, and the Indianapolis Museum of Contemporary Art. Her paintings have been included in group exhibitions at the Walker Art Center, the Carnegie Museum of Art, the Yale School of Architecture, the New Mexico Museum of Art, the Museum of Contemporary Art Denver, and the Aspen Art Museum.
McKenzie is the 2021 recipient of the Marion International Fellowship for the Visual and Performing Arts (Fredonia, NY) and a 2012 recipient of a Painters & Sculptors Grant from the Joan Mitchell Foundation (New York, NY). Other awards include the 10th Alexander Rutsch Award in Painting from the Pelham Art Center (Pelham, NY) in 2019; an Individual Artist Award from the Santo Foundation (St. Louis, MO) in 2019; and First Place in the National Young Painters Exhibition at Miami University (Oxford, OH) in 2006. Her paintings have been featured in Artforum, New American Paintings, Modern in Denver Magazine, the New York Times, Dwell Magazine, Art Ltd. Magazine, Art in America, and the 2014 book, Imagine Architecture: Artistic Visions of the Urban Realm, among other publications.
McKenzie paints with oil and acrylic on canvas. Her work captures architecture in transition. Past series have focused on construction sites, abandoned structures, hotel rooms, and parking garages– spaces that are fluid rather than fixed. With White Walls, the series of paintings McKenzie created from 2014 to 2020, she depicts the architecture of exhibition space: art fair tents, minimalist museum and gallery interiors, and video-screening rooms. Her work has been influenced by the writings of Brian O'Doherty, particularly his 1976 book, Inside the White Cube: The Ideology of the Gallery Space, which explores the history and development of gallery architecture in response to modern art. In 2021, with the support of the Marion Fellowship, McKenzie launched a new project exploring the architecture of the US prison system.
References
External links
Sarah McKenzie's official website
Sarah McKenzie at David B. Smith Gallery
Sarah McKenzie on Artsy.net
People from Greenwich, Connecticut
American women painters
Yale University alumni
University of Michigan alumni
21st-century American women artists
1971 births
Living people
Cheon Min-ho (born 6 April 1987) is a Korean sport shooter.
He was born in Gyeongsangbuk, South Korea. He competed in the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in Athens, Greece, in Men's Air Rifle, 10 metres, coming in fourth.
He shares the world junior record in the 10 m air rifle competition, a 599 in April 2004, in Athens, Greece.
Current world record in 10 m air rifle
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
South Korean male sport shooters
Shooters at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic shooters of South Korea
ISSF rifle shooters
People from Yeongju
Shooters at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for South Korea
Sportspeople from North Gyeongsang Province
20th-century South Korean people
21st-century South Korean people
Redgorton is a settlement in Gowrie, Perth and Kinross, Scotland. It lies a few miles from the River Tay and the A9 road, across the latter from Luncarty. It lies close to the Inveralmond Industrial Estate.
Etymology
The first recorded spelling of Redgorton was Rochgorton, this can be found in a charter of King David I preserved in the chartulary of Scone. The prefix of the current name, can be seen as translation of the Gaelic word Roch, or Ruach, which means 'red.' Gorton, or Garton, suggests "a little field;". The name as a whole, Redgorton, can be interpreted as 'the red field or field of blood,' and it has been mooted that it arose on account of the proximity of the Battle of Luncarty, which took place near Redgorton in c. 980AD between the Danes and the Scots.
Further weight is added to this interpretation by the name, Battleby given to the Scottish Natural Heritage centre just outside Redgorton.
It is important to note that there is much myth surrounding the battle, most of which was propagated by the historian Hector Boece in his Scottish History of 1526. It likely the myth was generated at the bequest of the Hays of Errol to increase the legitimacy of them holding substantial lands in the area. Boece's account suggest they gained their lands as a reward from Kenneth III for their services in the battle.
The Redgorton Witches
In 1656 four residents of Redgorton were accused of being witches, however, no record of their names or alleged crimes remains.
Morthouse
A morthouse dated 1832 is located in the churchyard, but as this post-dates the Anatomy Act it is unconnected to bodysnatching.
Save Redgorton Campaign
In 2010 a campaign was started opposing one of Perth and Kinross Council's proposed routes for a new Perth Bypass. The proposed road would run across the River Tay from Scone to Huntingtower and campaigners suggest that it will result in the demolition of houses in Redgorton and destroy the character of the settlement.
The Campaign also led to the establishment of the Luncarty and Redgorton Community Council in late 2010.
References
External links
Redgorton at geo.ed.ac.uk
Villages in Perth and Kinross
Eleni Vakalo (; 1921 – 2001) was a Greek poet, art critic and art historian.
Biography
Eleni Vakalo, née Stavrinou, was born in 1921, in Constantinople, and in 1922 her parents moved to Athens. She studied archaeology at the University of Athens (1940–45) and art history at Sorbonne (1948). In 1944 she married the painter Giorgos Vakalo (1902 – 1991).
Awards
First State Award for Poetry, 1991
Essay Award of the Academy of Athens, 1997
Honorary degree in history-archaeology from the University of Thessaloniki, 1998
Honorary degree from the University of Derby, 2000
Bibliography
Poetry
Theme and Variations (Θέμα και Παραλλαγές), Athens, Icaros, 1945
Recollections from a nightmarish city (Αναμνήσεις από μια εφιαλτική πολιτεία), Athens, 1948
In the form of theorems (Στη μορφή των θεωρημάτων), Athens, 1951
The Forest (Το Δάσος), Athens, Karavia, 1954
Mural (Τοιχογραφία), Athens, The Friends of Literature, 1956
Age's diary (Ημερολόγιο της ηλικίας), Athens, Diphros, 1958
Description of the body (Περιγραφή του σώματος), Athens, Diphros, 1959
The Concept of blind people (Η Έννοια των τυφλών), Athens, 1962
The Way of being in danger (Ο Τρόπος να Κινδυνεύομε), Athens, 1966
Genealogy/Γενεαλογία (Greek-English edition, English translation by Paul Merchant), The Rougemont Press, 1971
Of the World (Του Κόσμου), Athens, Kedros, 1978
The foolishness of Ma Rodalina (Οι παλάβρες της Κυρά-Ροδαλίνας), Athens, Ypsilon, 1984
Events and Stories of Ma Rodalina (Γεγονότα και Ιστορίες της Κυρά-Ροδαλίνας), Athens, 1990
The Other Face of the Thing. Poetry 1954–1994 (Το Άλλο του Πράγματος. Ποίηση 1954–1994), Athens, Nepheli, 1995
Selected poems (Επιλεγόμενα), Athens, Nepheli, 1997
Art theory
Introduction to Topics of Painting (Εισαγωγή σε Θέματα Ζωγραφικής), Athens, Athens School of Fine Arts, 1960
12 Lectures on Modern Art (12 Μαθήματα για τη Σύγχρονη Τέχνη), Athens, "Hour", Centre of Art and Culture, 1973
The Concept of Forms. Reading Art (Η Έννοια των Μορφών. Ανάγνωση της Τέχνης), Athens, "Hour", Centre of Art and Culture, 1979
The Face of Post-War Art in Greece (Η Φυσιογνωμία της Μεταπολεμικής Τέχνης στην Ελλάδα, in four volumes), Athens, Kedros, 1980–84
From the Viewer's Side. Essays (Από την Πλευρά του Θεατή. Δοκίμια), Athens, Kedros, 1989
Giorgos Vakalo. The charm of writing. (Γιώργος Βακαλό. Το θέλγητρο της γραφής), Athens, "New Forms" Gallery, 1994
Visual Arts Criticism (1950–1974) (Κριτική Εικαστικών Τεχνών (1950–1974), in two volumes), Athens, Kedros, 1996
References
External links
Monogramma, ERT Archives
Nychterinos Episkeptis, Ert Archives
1921 births
2001 deaths
Modern Greek-language writers
Modern Greek poets
Greek art critics
Emigrants from the Ottoman Empire to Greece
Writers from Athens
Constantinopolitan Greeks
Writers from Istanbul
17th Battalion or 17th Infantry Battalion may refer to:
17th Battalion (Australia), a unit of the Australian Army which was initially formed in the First Australian Imperial Force
2/17th Battalion (Australia), a unit of the Australian Army that served within the Second Australian Imperial Force
17th Infantry Battalion (Philippines), a unit of the Philippine Army
Vijnaana Rathnaakaram was a literary magazine started in 1913 in the old Native State of Travancore, India. J Thomas Kayalackakom was its founder publisher and Mahakavi Kattakayam Cherian Mappillai was its Editor. It was the second literary magazine of Travancore, and one of the early such publications in Malayalam language. Contributors in the magazine included Kerala Varma Valiyakoyi Thampuran, C V Raman Pillai, A. R. Rajaraja Varma, Ulloor S. Parameswara Iyer, and Vallathol Narayana Menon, K. C. Kesava Pillai.
References
Kattakayam Cherian Mappillai
1913 establishments in India
Defunct magazines published in India
Defunct literary magazines
Literary magazines published in India
Magazines established in 1913
Malayalam-language magazines
Magazines with year of disestablishment missing
Mass media in Kerala
Hydrophosphination is the insertion of a carbon-carbon multiple bond into a phosphorus-hydrogen bond forming a new phosphorus-carbon bond. Like other hydrofunctionalizations, the rate and regiochemistry of the insertion reaction is influenced by the catalyst. Catalysts take many forms, but most prevalent are bases and free-radical initiators.
Acid-base routes
The usual application of hydrophosphination involves reactions of phosphine (PH3). Typically base-catalysis allows addition of Michael acceptors such as acrylonitrile to give tris(cyanoethyl)phosphine:
PH3 + 3 CH2=CHZ → P(CH2CH2Z)3 (Z = NO2, CN, C(O)NH2)
Acid catalysis is applicable to hydrophosphination with alkenes that form stable carbocations. These alkenes include isobutylene and many analogues:
PH3 + R2C=CH2 → R2(CH3)CPH2 (R = Me, alkyl, etc)
Bases catalyze the addition of secondary phosphines to vinyldiphenylphosphine:
HPR2 + CH2=CHPR'2 → R2PCH2CH2PR'2
Free-radical methods
Many hydrophosphination reactions are initiated by free-radicals. AIBN and peroxides are typical initiators, as well as Ultraviolet irradiation. In this way, the commercially important tributylphosphine and trioctylphosphine are prepared in good yields from 1-butene and 1-octene, respectively.
The reactions proceed by abstraction of an H atom the phosphine precursor, producing the phosphino radical, a seven electron species. This radical then adds to the alkene, and subsequent H-atom transfer completes the cycle. Some highly efficient hydrophosphinations appear not to proceed via radicals, but alternative explanations are lacking.
Metal-catalyzed reactions
Metal-catalyzed hydrophosphinations are not widely used, although they have been extensively researched. Studies mainly focus on secondary and primary organophosphines (R2PH and RPH2, respectively). These substrates bind to metals, and the resulting adducts insert alkenes and alkynes into the P-H bonds via diverse mechanisms.
Early transition metal and lanthanide catalysts
Metal complexes of d0 configurations are effective catalysts for hydrophosphinations of simple alkenes and alkynes. Intramolecular reactions are facile, e.g. starting with α,ω-pentenylphosphine. The primary phosphine undergoes a σ-bond metathesis with the bis(trimethylsilyl)methylene ligand forming the lanthanide-phosphido complex. Subsequently the pendant terminal alkene or alkyne inserts into the Ln-P bond. Finally, protonolysis of the Ln-C bond with the starting primary phosphine releases the new phosphine and regenerates the catalyst. Given that the metal is electron-poor, the M-C bond is sufficiently enough to be protonolyzed by the substrate primary phosphine.
Most metal catalyzed hydrophosphinations proceed via metal phosphido intermediates. Some however proceed by metal-phosphinidene intermediates, i.e. species with M=PR double bonds. One such example is the Ti-catalyzed hydrophosphination of diphenylacetylene with phenylphosphine. This system involves a cationic catalyst precursor that is stabilized by the bulky 2,4,6-tri(isopropyl)phenyl- substituent on the phosphinidene and the close ionic association of methyltris(pentafluorophenyl)borate. This precursor undergoes exchange with phenylphosphine to give the titanium-phenylphosphinidene complex, which is the catalyst. The Ti=PPh species undergoes a [2+2] cycloaddition with diphenylacetylene to make the corresponding metallacyclobutene. The substrate, phenylphosphine, protonolyzes the Ti-C bond and after a proton shift regenerates the catalyst and releases the new phosphine.
Titanium-catalyzed 1,4-hydrophosphination of 1,3-dienes with diphenylphosphine has been demonstrated. It is a rare example of a d2 catalyst. In the first step, the Ti(II) precursor inserted in the P-H bond of diphenylphosphine (Ph2PH).
Late transition metal catalysts
Late transition metal hydrophosphination catalysts, i.e. those reliant on the nickel-triad and neighboring elements, generally require alkenes and alkynes with electron withdrawing substituents. A strong base is required as a cocatalyst.
Some late metal hydrophosphination catalysts proceed via oxidative addition of a P-H bond. For example, a Pt(0) catalyst undergoes oxidative addition of a secondary phosphine to form the corresponding hydrido Pt(II) phosphido complex. These systems catalyze hydrophosphination of acrylonitrile, although this reaction can be achieved without metal catalysts. The key P-C bond-forming step occurs through an outer-sphere, Michael-type addition.
The usual mechanism for hydrophosphination for late metal catalysts involves insertion of the alkene into the metal-phosphorus bond. Insertion into the metal-hydrogen bond is also possible. The product phosphine is produced through reductive elimination of a P-C bond rather than a P-H bond in Glueck's system. The Ni(0) catalyst involves oxidation addition of a P-H bond to the metal, followed by insertion of the alkene into the M-H bond.
Hydrophosphorylation and related reactions
Utilizing phosphorus(V) precursors hydrophosphorylation entails the insertion of alkenes and alkynes into the P-H bonds of secondary phosphine oxides:
R2P(O)H + CH2=CHR → R2P(O)CH2CH2R
The reaction can be effected both using metal catalysts or free-radical initiators.
Further reading
References
Addition reactions
Green chemistry
Organophosphanes
Stoichiometry
The 2021 Dwars door het Hageland was the 18th edition of the Dwars door het Hageland road cycling one-day race, which was held on 5 June 2021 in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant. It was a 1.Pro event on the 2021 UCI Europe Tour and the 2021 UCI ProSeries calendars, and the fourth event of the 2021 Belgian Road Cycling Cup. The race was long, starting in Aarschot and finishing in Diest, and featured 14 cobbled sectors and short, steep climbs each.
Teams
Four of the nineteen UCI WorldTeams, eight UCI ProTeams, and eight UCI Continental teams made up the twenty teams that participated in the race. , , and were the only teams to not field a full squad of seven riders; they each entered six riders. were originally invited, but they withdrew due to a COVID-19 outbreak among their staff members. Of the 137 riders to start the race, 75 finished.
UCI WorldTeams
(Withdrawn)
UCI ProTeams
UCI Continental Teams
Result
References
External links
Dwars door het Hageland
Dwars door het Hageland
Dwars door het Hageland
Dwars door het Hageland
The Westerlund telescope was inaugurated in 2004. and is named after Bengt Westerlund (1921–2008). The telescope belongs to Uppsala Astronomical Observatory and serves as a training telescope. It is used in courses for undergraduates, graduates, and examination projects as well as ordinary astronomical observations by astronomers at the observatory.
Site
The telescope is situated at the south end on top of the Ångström laboratory, the main physics building of Uppsala University. The building stands on a gravel slope, which is a part of Uppsala esker, next to the Fyris river with a main road just to the south. The central part of Uppsala and the main building is to the northwest to northeast. The horizon is free from northeast to southeast with the Uppsala plain and southeast part of the city. From southeast to south there are pine tree embedded buildings, and from south to northwest there are pine forest in front of the south and southwest part of the city. The sky is unblocked down to the lower altitude limit of the telescope.
The light pollution from the city normally introduces around 1.5 to 2 magnitudes of background light with respect to a dark site, close to zenith, and more towards north. To the southeast there is a night time glow at the horizon originating from Arlanda airport.
Winter solstice give about 17 hours of evening and night, of which 12.5 hours are astronomical night. However, the main observational season from late August to end of April generally has less than 25% clear nights, November being worst and March best.
Building
The top part of the dome can be freely rotated an arbitrary number of revolutions and the slit has a lower hydraulic hatch and an upper cog driven hatch. The lower part of the dome have 15 side doors of which 12 are opened in pairs, and a large window to the upper control room, half a floor down.
Originally there were two control rooms, one next to the dome with the viewing window of the telescope, and one down in the observatory's office space. The two room are directly linked with optical fiber, but it is only the control room at the telescope which is used.
Because the building do not stand on rock, and the telescope do not have a separate support system, the instrument stands on a steel frame on a big concrete plate which is detached from the rest of the building in order to reduce vibrations. Above the concrete plate is a metal floor grid to stand on.
Instrument
The telescope is a 0.9 meter classical Cassegrain but with a third rotatable plane mirror sending light to one of the two Nasmyth foci. The effective system is an f/10 but the primary mirror is an f/3. The telescope was built by Astro Optic and there is a sibling telescope at Albonova in Stockholm. The telescope is one of the largest optical telescopes in Sweden.
The main camera has since the start been an SBIG STL1001E giving a 9-ft field in f/10 and a 19-ft field with a f/5 focal reducer and field corrector.
History
In 2000 when the Ångström building was enlarged in order to accommodate most of the physics related institutions at Uppsala University, the lower part of the telescope dome, holding side doors, were built. During the summer, the rotatable top part of the dome from Ash-Dome, was assembled on ground and lifted up (8 June) by crane. Uppsala Astronomical Observatory moved later in the summer from the old observatory building in the observatory park near the center of Uppsala to the Ångström laboratory
A smaller building next to the Ångström laboratory was used as an assembly hall of the telescope during the autumn of 2003. The main assembly was done by the telescope constructor Philipp Keller and Eric Stempels from the observatory. The lift of the telescope through the dome slit was made on 9 October. Final assembly and collimation was done the following days.
The official inauguration of the telescope took place on 15 January 2004. In April the main camera, an SBIG 1001-E was installed. Test images was taken on the 7th and first light with the camera was on the 8th. A two part data archive was established consisting of CDs in the upper control room, and HDD in the lower control room. The first UBVRI filter set for the camera was installed in June. During the summer a computer controlled dome rotation and opening system was installed as a part of an exam project by Pär Hedblom. Later, in the autumn, a dome flat field system was installed as a part of an exam project by Tobias Jansson. The construction of the telescope web pages was begun in October.
In the summer of 2005, Johan Warell and Ola Karlsson constructed a day time observing system consisting of a sub aperture mask in front of the telescope and a covering fabric shielding the optics from stray light by about 10 magnitudes, supplying twilight like conditions.
The altitude encoder was cleaned in November 2006 since the automatic calibration procedure stopped working in October. The hydraulic motor for the lower hatch broke on 13 December 2006 prohibiting low altitude observations. It was repaired by January 2.
The fiber optic connection to the archive computer was discontinued in January 2007 in favor of the internet connection through the building because of degrading transmission boxes. The insufficient lock mechanism of the dome side doors in open position was changed the same month. The OS on the telescope control computer was upgraded from win-98 to XP in February. However, the computer could not be replaced due to an essential ISA control card. As a result of the encoder automatic calibration failure, a small finderscope was installed in May so that the telescope now can easily be calibrated without the automatic procedure. The finderscope replaced a red point sight. A Coronado P.S.T. was mounted on the main telescope in the summer of 2007, piggy backing on the main telescope's tracking system.
In January 2008 a control relay for the lower dome hatch started to fail shutting off once activated, and was replaced. From 2008 to 2013, Kjell Lundgen and Ola Karlsson gradually investigated and improved the telescope's flat field in order to achieve a derotator independent correct optical system. The telescope suffers from vignetting in its original setting. Despite the large amount of strong point sources on the ground, it is possible to get a good flat field. The optical system can be made good enough that the gradient of the twilight sky has to be taken into account. Heaters and fans for the primary mirror were installed in the autumn so that dew prevention of the primary mirror became more efficient.
A well known problem with one of the telescope's derotators casing error messages and shifted values was eventually dealt with in February 2009. The ejection function of the instrument computer's DVD burner unit for the CD archive stopped working in May. A rubber band was replaced. A web based image gallery was added to the telescope web pages in Mars. A second image gallery was installed on the side doors in the dome as a support to guided visitor groups at the telescope and a replacement for a temporary gallery. A relatively new HDD archive disk failed in Mars and most of the archive had to be reconstructed from CD. Although the disk was mirrored the hardware and computer software did not give a warning until the second disk started to degrade.
An extra heat element was installed in the main camera in February 2010 in order to remove dew on the camera window. In November, the Peltier cooling of the main camera broke and was replaced with improved capability as a result.
The altitude encoder was cleaned again in January 2011 since the automatic calibration procedure started to fail. In February, the archive HDD was moved to a new computer due to compatibility problems. A new UBVRI filter set was installed in the late winter because the old filters had degraded and it was not known if they were physically damaged or just dirty. After cleaning it was established that they were just dirty.
The main mirror was washed for the first time in January 2012. Measurements showed that eight years of dust had reduced the reflectivity to about 65%, but most of the degradation took place within three years after the installation. In the following years a dust saturation was probably reached.
The instrument computer and software were updated in March of 2013 in order to be able to use an ikon-M camera with the telescope.
A pair of simple telescope collimators was constructed by Ola Karlsson in July 2014 in order to make the collimation procedure of the telescope easier.
References
Astronomy in Sweden
Optical telescopes
Uppsala
Klara Yefimovna Berkovich (née Gordion, born 19 May 1928) is a Soviet and American violinist and master violin teacher who divided her career between the Soviet Union and the United States.
Early years
Klara Berkovich was born in Odessa, Ukraine (then part of the Soviet Union), the only child of Yefim Josefovich Gordion, a machinist, and Adele Raphaelovna Tesler, a teacher of Russian language and literature. A cosmopolitan city, Odessa was becoming a hotbed of Soviet violinists, thanks largely to Pyotr Stolyarsky and his disciples, who perfected a pedagogical method for teaching children from ages as young as four. Nathan Milstein, David Oistrakh, Boris Goldstein, Elizabeth Gilels, and Mikhail Fikhtengoltz would all emerge from Odessa, along with many others.
In 1934, Klara at age 7 began to study violin at Special Music School No. 1 with Viktor Karakes, a former student of Stolyarsky who in addition to teaching played in theatre orchestras. Alongside her musical studies, Klara pursued regular academic studies in the public schools of Odessa.
During World War II
World War II threw Odessa into turmoil. When Klara was 13, the German army invaded the Ukrainian SSR and the Soviet Union was drawn into World War II on the side of the Allies. Needing soldiers, the Soviet army conscripted many ordinary citizens from Odessa, among them Yefim Gordion, Klara's father, who was 49 years old. The family never saw him again.
As Nazi forces closed on Odessa, Klara and her mother—knowing the danger they faced as Jews—fled by ship on 12 August 1941, across the Black Sea. Seeking sanctuary, they wound up in the village of Kafkas, where they stayed for a year. During that time Klara taught her first violin student.
In August 1942, with the Germans advancing more deeply into the Soviet Union, Klara and her mother left Kafkas on foot. Moving to the east and north and traveling alone, they walked, hitchhiked, jumped freight trains, and slept in train stations and city squares. As they moved, part of a great tide of travelers, they survived by taking odd jobs and by selling Mrs. Gordion's wedding ring and all else they could spare. In two months on the road, they covered more than 1500 miles. They arrived in the Siberian town of Novosibirsk in October, just before winter 1942. It was already so cold that the milk froze on the streets.
Mother and daughter remained in Novosibirsk until the end of World War II, a period of nearly three years. Klara attended public high school in Novosibirsk for her academic work and resumed musical studies in the Novosibirsk Special Music School. There her new violin professor was Josef Gutmann, a fine and experienced teacher who had fled Kiev for Siberia to escape the Germans. Gutmann refined her playing along lines of greater ease and relaxation and prepared her for conservatory studies.
In Post-war Odessa
In 1945 the war ended, and Klara graduated from high school in Novosibirsk. With the Nazis defeated and departed, she and her mother returned to find a devastated Odessa. Klara, now 17, auditioned for the Odessa Conservatory. She was admitted as a student of Leonid Lembersky, a renowned pedagogue and former student of Stolyarsky who concertized widely as a soloist and chamber musician in Ukraine. In addition to his conservatory students, Lembersky also taught several students in the elite Stolyarsky Academy. (Lembersky's daughter, Suzanna Lemberskaya, was for a time a student of Klara's; she later became a pianist and opera coach with the San Francisco and Pittsburgh operas.)
Under Lembersky, Klara Gordion pursued a five-year program that led to her master's degree in Chamber Music and Teaching in 1951, at the age of 23. The year she graduated, she won a section position as first violinist in the Orchestra of the Odessa Theatre of Opera and Ballet.
In Leningrad
After two years in the Odessa opera orchestra, Klara met Adam Adolfovich Berkovich, a 25-year-old army engineer who was visiting his parents in Odessa. They had known each other slightly as children, and soon they married. Adam was based in Leningrad, so Klara and her mother left Odessa and joined him there.
Arriving in the city in 1953, Klara Berkovich wanted to teach, but she lacked connections in the music community. When she applied to the civic authorities for a position in the city's music schools, she was told there were no local openings for inexperienced candidates. There was, however, a vacancy in Vyborg, a formerly Finnish town six hours to the north by train. She took the job. Every Wednesday she caught the midnight train to Vyborg, taught children Thursday through Saturday, and returned to Leningrad on the Saturday overnight. At the end of the school year her work was examined by the musical authorities in Leningrad, and she was awarded a permanent teaching position at the Special School for the Musically Gifted in the Leningrad borough of Petrograd.
At that Special School, from 1954 to 1978, Klara Berkovich focused on students in grades 1–8, preparing them for admission to the elite preparatory high school of the Leningrad Conservatory. Over that time she became one of the most esteemed teachers of young violinists in the city. Among her many students in Leningrad were Katia Borkhsenius, Olga Mardkovich, Yudif Yofah, Marina Klurfeld, and Leonid Berkovich.
Decision to emigrate
In April 1978, Adele Gordion, Klara's mother, died at the age of 84. This happened at a time when the Soviet Union was briefly loosening its emigration restrictions for Jews. The Berkoviches had long thought that their two boys would have greater opportunities if they started a new life elsewhere. After looking into the support available outside the Soviet Union for emigrating Jews, they decided to emigrate. To sidestep being dismissed for disloyalty, Mrs. Berkovich, with 25 years of teaching experience and eligible for a pension, quietly retired from her job in December 1978. Immediately thereafter Adam, as the head of the family, applied to emigrate with his wife and their two sons—and received the routine harangue at work before being fired.
After a four-month wait in Leningrad, in March 1979 the Berkoviches obtained visas and left for Vienna, Austria. They were permitted to carry out of the Soviet Union three suitcases for their family of four. Mrs. Berkovich's violin was judged too valuable to be permitted to leave the country, so she gave it to her student Lena Ilyichova. Her son's violin, however, was deemed cheap enough to go with him. After two months in Vienna, where Jewish aid organizations assisted them, the Berkoviches traveled to a suburb of Rome, Italy, where they waited weeks more for entry visas to arrive from the United States.
In Baltimore
In June 1979, the Berkovich family flew to Baltimore, Maryland. Klara Berkovich and her husband were 51; their sons were 20 and 24. Her entire vocabulary in English consisted of three sentences: "My name is Klara." "I come from Leningrad." "I am a violin teacher."
With no musical contacts in the Baltimore community, Mrs. Berkovich began to study English and taught violin to the children of other Soviet immigrants in the Jewish community for free. When she thought they were ready, she formed her studio into a performing group that played together in synagogues, schools, at open-air fairs—anywhere they could get a hearing. After nine months of teaching in Baltimore, Berkovich invited the director of the Peabody Conservatory's preparatory division, Lynn Taylor Hebden, to come to a performance. After the concert, Ms. Hebden offered scholarship aid at the Peabody Preparatory to the students and a part-time teaching job to Berkovich, with her initial responsibility being to continue teaching those students under the auspices of the Prep.
In September 1980, Berkovich was assigned her first English speaking students and became a regular part-time instructor at the Peabody Preparatory. Shortly thereafter, she found a second part-time position, this one giving violin lessons to talented students from several public schools in Baltimore at two locations: City College High School and Roland Park Elementary School. This teaching was part of the program of the Baltimore Talent Education Center (BTEC), a city-wide magnet program. Travel was required between the two locations, so at age 52 Mrs. Berkovich bought a used car and learned to drive.
Her part-time status lasted less than a year. In May 1981, both the Peabody Prep and BTEC invited her to join their faculties as a regular teacher and offered her full benefits. In addition she maintained a studio of private students in her home, and in 1984 she added summer teaching when she joined the faculty of a Baltimore children's workshop called the Bryn Mawr String Camp. In the summer of 1985, one of the smallest students in her elementary class at the camp was a 5-year-old Suzuki
beginner named Hilary Hahn, who a few months later entered Berkovich's studio at the Peabody Preparatory.
Approach to teaching
Hilary Hahn would later describe Berkovich's teaching in interviews. "I studied with her for five years at Peabody Prep. She taught me how to draw my bow, how to play double stops, vibrato, pizzicato—basically everything you need to know to play the violin. She also taught me the basics of phrasing, so I knew what to do with a phrase and how to make something interesting." Among other things, Berkovich used to tell Hahn, "You only have to practice on the days you eat," and "what shows a true musician is that you can sustain a long line in a slow section." Others recalled Berkovich speaking to children about upcoming performances: "When you perform, you're the hostess. The members of the audience are the guests you invite into your house. You give them the gift of the performance.... The idea is that it's important to get the piece across well so that the people can enjoy it more. The fun of it is the fun of sharing something you can do well."
Berkovich also stressed the importance of a positive learning environment. Interviewed in the Baltimore Sun, she said, "I know many children who are very gifted. But if the children are not taught how to organize themselves, how to work, how to be goal-oriented, then their talent does not become realized." And she paid close attention to the capacity of her students. Describing her work with Hilary Hahn, she told the Sun, "'She was 5 when I met her.... She played me a song with four lines that was a minute and a half long. Five and a half years later, she played a solo recital with a program that took more than an hour... Hilary has the gift of nature. She is musical. And she is a bright child, always with a book... Well-organized with a long span of concentration. Diligent. I never told her two times the same thing. Whatever I told her, it was done for the next lesson, sometimes with extra.... And when she was progressing so fast, I would tell her parents, 'I'm afraid to push too much, she's still 6, 7! Doesn't she complain it's too hard for her?' But it was never too much. I cannot say she was ever overworked."
Later years
In the United States, Mrs. Berkovich's reputation as a teacher grew quickly, supported both by the playing of her students and by her clear and musical way of teaching in repertoire and master classes throughout the Mid-Atlantic region. In May 1989, she was named "String Teacher of the Year" by the Maryland/D.C. chapter of the American String Teachers Association. In 1990 Klara Berkovich retired from teaching at the Baltimore Talent Education Center, and in 1992 she retired from the Peabody Preparatory. She maintained a small private studio of students wells into her 80s.
References
1928 births
American classical violinists
Living people
Soviet musicians
Musicians from Odesa
Odesa Jews
Soviet emigrants to the United States
Women classical violinists
21st-century classical violinists
21st-century American women musicians
Mimeresia is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropical realm.
Species
Mimeresia cellularis (Kirby, 1890)
Mimeresia debora (Kirby, 1890)
Mimeresia dinora (Kirby, 1890)
Mimeresia drucei (Stempffer, 1954)
Mimeresia favillacea (Grünberg, 1910)
Mimeresia issia Stempffer, 1969
Mimeresia libentina (Hewitson, 1866)
Mimeresia moreelsi (Aurivillius, 1901)
Mimeresia moyambina (Bethune-Baker, 1904)
Mimeresia neavei (Joicey & Talbot, 1921)
Mimeresia pseudocellularis Stempffer, 1968
Mimeresia russulus (Druce, 1910)
Mimeresia semirufa (Grose-Smith, 1902)
References
Poritiinae
Lycaenidae genera
Adaina simplicius is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found in the United States (including Mississippi and Florida), Brazil, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Paraguay and Puerto Rico. It was introduced to South Africa for study as a biological control agent for Eupatorium macrocephalum.
The wingspan is about 10 mm. The head is pale yellowish, tinged with brownish especially on the vertex. The thorax is pale straw yellow. The forewings are very pale straw yellow, the costa with a few brown scales, a small patch of similarly colored scales on the costa beyond the incision and another near the center of the wing at the incision. A few more brown scales are found on the inner edge of both lobes near the apex. The hindwings are smoky.
The larvae feed on various composites, including Carphephorus odoratissimus, Carphephorus paniculatus, Conoclinium coelestinum and Pluchea odorata. Larvae induce the formation of stem galls on their host plant, feeding and pupating within the galls.
References
Moths described in 1917
Oidaematophorini
Angela Baraldi is an Italian actress and rock singer. She is best known for playing the lead role in the Gabriele Salvatores film and mini-series Quo Vadis, Baby?, as well as her role in the Golden Globe 1996 "Best Foreign Language"-nominated film Like Two Crocodiles.
Discography
1990 – Viva
1993 – Mi vuoi bene o no?
1996 – Baraldi lubrificanti
2001 – Rosasporco
2003 – Angela Baraldi
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Italian women singers
Italian film actresses
Italian rock singers
Actors from Bologna
20th-century Italian actresses
Musicians from Bologna
is a Japanese footballer currently playing as a defender for Nara Club.
Career statistics
Club
.
Notes
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Association football people from Nara Prefecture
International Pacific University alumni
Japanese footballers
Association football defenders
J3 League players
Japan Football League players
FC Imabari players
Nara Club players
Darlaston Community Science College was a secondary school located in Darlaston, West Midlands, England.
The school had Specialist Science College status, and since the closure of Kings Hill School during the 1980s, was the only secondary school in the town.
It was founded in 1960, as a Grammar and Technical School, on the former premises of the Wednesbury County Commercial Secondary School (The Limes) in Wood Green Road, under the Headmastership of Mr W.C. Donithorn. It transferred to its present site in 1962, and adopted comprehensive status in 1965.
Education was provided for pupils aged 11 to 18 years, from Key Stage 3 through GCSE to A-Level. There were typically around 1,100 pupils on the roll, as well as 100 full-time teachers and a further 50 support staff including learning support assistants.
OFSTED inspections took place in 1997, 1999 and most recently in 2004. All of these inspections were successful. However in January 2008 the Express and Star newspaper reported the school had been placed in special measures
Towards its later years lessons started at 8.45am and finished at 2.40pm to allow for extra-curricular activities which are not suitable for normal lesson time. Lessons were an hour each with 5 lessons per day.
The school became the Grace Academy in September 2009, following approvals of plans to convert the school into an academy in November 2008.
The school's final head teacher was Mr Stephen Casey.
Closure
Darlaston Community Science College closed at the end of the school year in July 2009 and re-opened in September 2009 as the Grace Academy, Darlaston. No longer being in special measures. The consultation process has attracted a lot of local criticism for being a rushed and hurried process. Grace academy Solihull having taken 5 terms to implement and execute a transition procedure, Darlaston was given less than 2. In consultations meeting beforehand one governor even resigned and left the meeting after the board of governors had been accused of failing the school
School Buildings
The school consisted of dated buildings, It has its own sixth form centre, Art department and cennete. It also has its own Sports Hall, Swimming pool and Technology Block.
External links
School Website
Defunct schools in Walsall
Educational institutions established in 1960
1960 establishments in England
Educational institutions disestablished in 2009
2009 disestablishments in England
Gỏi (Nộm in Northern Vietnam) is the indigenous salad of Vietnamese cuisine. It is to be distinguished from sa lát (from the French for salad), and sa lát Nga ("Russian salad") found in Western style restaurants.
This salad is a combination of a variety of fresh vegetables, grated turnip, kohlrabi, cabbage, or papaya, and slices of cucumber often with meat - either grated, boiled, lean pork, beef, shrimp or small fry. Other ingredients and condiments include spice, herbs, and peanut. The salad is mixed, soaked in vinegar, sugar, garlic, chili pepper, and seasoned with salt.
One of the best knowns is gỏi gà, chicken salad. Other varieties include bánh đúc nộm salad made with bánh đúc, gỏi bò khô dried beef salad with Vietnamese balm, the popular gỏi đu đủ papaya salad and gỏi tôm prawn salad and local specialities such as rice-paddy eel salad, gỏi nhệch.
See also
List of salads
References
External links
Vietnam Tasty - Nộm
Package Vietnam - Food and Drinks - Nộm Salad
Vietnamese cuisine
Salads
Night Visions Live is the second live album by American rock band Imagine Dragons. Recorded during a live performance at the Red Rocks Amphitheatre on May 16, 2013, during the Night Visions Tour, the album was released by KIDinaKORNER and Interscope Records on February 25, 2014. Physical copies of the album and video include the 2012 documentary The Making of Night Visions, and the band's music videos produced during the Night Visions album cycle.
Background
In 2012, Imagine Dragons released Night Visions to critical and commercial success. To promote the album, the band set out on a year-long concert tour beginning in early 2013 and ending in mid-2014, dubbed the "Night Visions Tour". The tour spanned for over 170 dates, and visited North America, South America, Europe and Oceania.
Recording
Night Visions Live was recorded during the band's performance at the Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Denver, Colorado on the May 16, 2013 date of their year-long Night Visions Tour. The venue, which holds just under 9,500 people, had sold out for the performance, which was held for one night only. The show's setlist, however, did not reflect the track listing of Night Visions Live. The show's setlist, for example, opened with "Round and Round", the usual opening song during a set list on the Night Visions Tour. The show progressed with "Amsterdam", "Tiptoe", "Hear Me", "Cha-Ching (Till We Grow Older)", "Rocks", "Radioactive", "30 Lives", "Bleeding Out", "Demons", then a cover of Ben E. King's "Stand by Me", then "Underdog" and "On Top of the World" before ending the show with "It's Time", and staging an encore with "Nothing Left to Say", the usual set list closer for the tour.
The video, however, followed the setlist in chronological order, but omitting the performances of "Hear me", "Radioactive", "30 lives", "Bleeding Out", "Stand By Me", "On Top of the World" and the encore with "Nothing Left to Say". The performance itself lasted under two hours, and had been described by A.H. Goldstein of Denver-based alternative weekly newspaper Westword as "a well-honed, big-budget stageshow that would have fit neatly into any stadium or any glitzy room in its native Las Vegas". The recorded performance became the second live album by the band after Live at Independent Records, which was also recorded in Denver, Colorado. Lead singer Dan Reynolds was also notably suffering from a broken hand during the performance, having broken it after punching a drum during a May 2013 performance, making it, coincidentally, the second live recording during which Reynolds was suffering from a medical condition; Live at Independent Records was recorded when Reynolds was recovering from throat surgery.
The show was one of many that were recorded during the Night Visions Tour on audio-visual for a potential release during or after the tour, before the end of the Night Visions release cycle. The performances recorded include the opening night of the Night Visions Tour on December 30, 2012 at The Joint in Las Vegas, Nevada, which was later used for a live video of "Radioactive" and parts of the music video for "Demons", which, in part, was combined with footage of the February 9, 2013 performance at the same venue.
Track listing
Personnel
Imagine Dragons
Dan Reynolds – vocals, percussion
Wayne Sermon – guitar, percussion, backing vocals
Ben McKee – bass, percussion, backing vocals, keyboards
Daniel Platzman – drums, viola, backing vocals
Ryan Walker – keyboards, electric guitar, drums, backing vocals, electric mandolin, acoustic guitar
Technical
Alexander Grant – production
Certifications
Release history
References
2014 live albums
2014 video albums
Albums produced by Alex da Kid
Imagine Dragons albums
Interscope Records live albums
Interscope Records video albums
Oppomorus is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Species
Species within the genus Oppomorus include:
Oppomorus funiculatus (Reeve, 1846)
Oppomorus noduliferus (Menke, 1829)
Oppomorus purpureocinctus (Preston, 1909)
Distribution
This marine genus is endemic to Australia and occurs off New South Wales, Queensland, Western Australia.
References
External links
Claremont, M.; Houart, R.; Williams, S. T.; Reid, D. G. (2012). A molecular phylogenetic framework for the Ergalataxinae (Neogastropoda: Muricidae). Journal of Molluscan Studies. 79(1): 19-29
Iredale, T. (1937). Mollusca. In: Whitley, G. P. (ed). Middleton and Elizabeth Reefs, South Pacific Ocean. Australian Zoologist. 8(4): 232-261, pls 15-17
Muricidae
Gastropods of Australia
Indrajith Bandaranayake is a former Sri Lankan rugby union player and coach. He currently lives in Australia.
Career
He pursued his primary and secondary education at the Dharmaraja College in Kandy. He also played for the Dharmaraja College rugby team for one season. After leaving the school, he pursued his career in rugby and joined the Kandy Sports Club in 1990.
He was a crucial member of the Kandy SC club which went onto win the Clifford Cup for the first time in 1992 under the captaincy of Maurice Joachim. He became the youngest ever captain to lead the Kandy Sports Club at the age of 24. Under his captaincy, Kandy SC won the Sri Lanka Rugby Championship title in 1994.
He moved to Australia for personal reasons in 1996 and returned to Sri Lanka to play for Kandy Sports Club after a two year absence from the sport. He also captained Sri Lankan national side at the Singapore Sevens in 1998. He was once again appointed as the captain of Kandy SC in 2000 ahead of the Clifford Cup tournament which they won by defeating Sri Lanka Army Sports Club by 39 – 12 in the final.
He also featured in Sri Lankan national squads at the Asian Rugby Championship in 1992, 1994, 2000 and 2002. He was a member of the Sri Lankan side which finished at sixth position in the men's rugby sevens competition at the 2002 Asian Games and was also part of the fifteen member Sri Lankan squad which competed in the men's rugby union competition at the 2002 Asian Games. He retired from the sport in 2002 after being part of the Sri Lankan contingent at the 2002 Asian Games.
Legacy
In September 2004, one of the terraces at Nittawela Rugby Stadium was named after Indrajith Bandaranayake and was declared open by the then Prime minister of Sri Lanka Mahinda Rajapakse.
See also
Rugby union in Sri Lanka
References
Living people
Sri Lankan rugby union players
Sri Lankan rugby sevens players
Rugby union players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Sri Lanka
Year of birth missing (living people)
Alumni of Dharmaraja College
A Snakebite is an injury caused by the bite of a snake.
Snakebite or snake bite may also refer to:
Music
Snakebite, a German band that featured Doro
Snakebite (album), a 1978 album by Whitesnake
"Snakebite," a song from Alice Cooper's album Hey Stoopid
"Snakebite," a song from Big D and the Kids Table's album Strictly Rude
"Snakebite," a song from Judas Priest's album Redeemer of Souls
Other
Snakebite (drink), an alcoholic beverage made with beer and cider
Snake Bite (truck), a monster truck
Snakebite Township, Bertie County, North Carolina, a former municipality in the United States
Peter Wright (darts player), darts player nicknamed Snakebite
Snake bites, a type of lip piercing, or any two body piercings placed side by side
Young Sherlock Holmes: Snake Bite, a novel written by Andy Lane
Indian burn (prank), an abusive prank where the prankster twists another persons forearm/wrist
Clarence Norman Fenner (19 July 1870 - 24 December 1949) was an American geologist who specialized in petrology, particularly the transformations of silica minerals. One of his innovations in geology was the use of modified variation diagrams based on those introduced by Alfred Harker which are sometimes referred to as "Fenner-type variation diagrams".
Fenner was born in Paterson, New Jersey where his father, William Griff was the son of a clergyman who had moved from England and had worked at the New York business Field, Chapman, and Fenner. Fenner's mother was Elmina Jane, daughter of country physician Dr Carpenter. Fenner was educated at private schools and travelled to Europe with his tutor McChesney in 1888. He joined the School of Mines at Columbia University, graduating in 1892. He went to work for mining companies in Canada, Mexico and other places before joining Columbia University again for a master's degree (1909) and a doctoral (1910). His PhD was on the paragenesis of zeolites and other minerals in basalt. He then worked as a petrologist at the Carnegie Institution, Washington. His main interest was in petrology, and took a special interest in the silicate minerals using laboratory techniques to examine their transitions under different temperatures. During World War I, the lab was involved in the production of glass for optical instruments and Fenner was put in charge of the Spencer Lens Company. In 1919 he led an expedition to Mt Katmai in Alaska. He also investigated the geology of Yellowstone from 1928 to 1934.
References
1870 births
1949 deaths
American geologists
Clinical biophysics is that branch of medical science that studies the action process and the effects of non-ionising physical energies utilised for therapeutic purposes.
Physical energy can be applied for diagnostic or therapeutic aims.
The principle on which clinical biophysics is based are represented by the recognizability and the specificity of the physical signal applied:
recognizability: the capacity of the biological target to recognise the presence of the physical energy: this aspect becomes more important with the lowering of the energy applied.
specificity: the capacity of the physical agent applied to the biological target to obtain a response depending on its physical characteristics: frequency, length, energy, etc. The effects do not necessarily depend on the quantity of energy applied to the biological target.
Definition
Several papers show that the response of a biological system when exposed to non-ionizing physical stimuli is not necessarily dependent on the amount of energy applied.
Specific combinations of amplitude, frequency and waveform may trigger the most intense response. For example, cell proliferation or activation of metabolic pathways.
This has been demonstrated for:
a) mechanical strains directly applied to the cells or tissue;
b) mechanical energy applied by ultrasound;
c) electromagnetic field exposure;
d) electric field exposure.
Several pre-clinical experiences have laid the foundation to identify exposure conditions that may be used in humans to treat diseases or to promote tissue healing.
The identification of the best parameters to apply in any particular circumstance is the current goal of research activities in the field.
Medical applications
Orthopaedics
PEMF
LIPUS
CCEF
Direct current
Neurology
Plastic surgery
Oncology
References
Biophysics
Medical physics
Burj Pukhta or Burj Pukta, is a village in Phillaur tehsil of Jalandhar district of Punjab State, India. It is located 3.3 km away from Nagar, 47.7 km from Jalandhar and 115 km from state capital Chandigarh. Burj Pukhta has postal head office in Phillaur which is 4.5 km away from the village. The village is administrated by a sarpanch who is an elected representative of village as per Panchayati raj (India).
Caste
The village has schedule caste (SC) constitutes 47.84% of total population of the village and it doesn't have any Schedule Tribe (ST) population.
Transport
Rail
Phillaur Junction is the nearest train station however, Bhatian Railway Station is 10.5 km away from the village.
Air
The nearest domestic airport is located 35 km away in Ludhiana and the nearest international airport is located in Chandigarh also Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is the second nearest airport which is 142 km away in Amritsar.
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Villages in Phillaur tehsil
Pappanji (also spelled as Papanhi or Papanji) is an effigy of an old man, prepared as part of the New Year celebrations in Fort Kochi, Kerala. It is prepared in the form of an old man as a symbol of the passing year. With Pappanji being burned at midnight on the last day of December, the concept is that the year is over. Although thought to have originated from the remnants of the Christmas and New Year celebrations of the Portuguese, it is now considered a secular festival.
Etymology
The Portuguese word 'Pappanji' means 'grandfather' or 'old man'. In many parts of Kerala, Santa Claus is sometimes referred locally as Christmas Pappanji. But Pappanji has nothing to do with Santa Claus.
Origin
Some historians say that the Pappanji burning ceremony in Kochi is thought to have originated from the remnants of the Christmas and New Year celebrations of the Portuguese who ruled Fort Kochi region from 1503 to 1663. With the permission of the then Cochin king, they built a fort called Fort Emmanuel, which is thought to be the first European fort in India and established a small city called Santa Cruz around the fort. Churches and other institutions were also built there. As Catholics, they celebrated Christmas and New Year magnificently. The Pappanji burning is believed to have originated from the remnants of this culture.
Some other believes that the myth of Pappanji was originated from the Jewish culture of the coast of Kerala, which has a history of over two thousand years. The historic Paradesi Synagogue at Mattancherry, near Fort Kochi, records the arrival of Jewish settlers in 70 AD. On the eighth day of the Feast of Enoch, which commemorates the defeat of the Greek army and the recapture of their land, the effigy of the Greek general Bagris is burned after Torah reading. Straw and dry grass are used for making the effigy. Salt and green leaves are inserted into it to create a small crack while burning. It is believed that the burning of Pappanji in Kochi may have been borrowed from the ritual of burning the Bagris. The Pappanji burning ceremony takes place on the eighth day after Christmas Eve, similar to the festival of Enoch.
Concept
At midnight on December 31st, the New Year is celebrated by lighting the Pappanji, the symbol of the passing year. The concept is to burn that year and hopefully move on to the new year.
Celebration
The tradition of making and burning Pappanji has been around in Kochi since long. In the early days, during Christmas-new year days, it was common for children to make small Pappanjis along the way. Wearing a coat, suit, hat and shoes, Pappanji looked like an old European man smoking a cigar. There were hundreds of such Pappanjis can be seen in the streets of Fort Kochi, all made with old clothes filled with straw. But later the number decreased, and then for a while people prepared Pappanji in the shape of Santa Claus too. However, the Pappanji later regained its old form.
With the adoption of the Pappanji burning ritual by the Cochin Carnival, it became a widespread celebration. As part of the carnival, a huge effigy of Pappanji is made, and burned at the Fort Kochi Beach. The Cochin Carnival was started in 1985 by a group of young people in Kochi following the Beach Fest held as part of the United Nations 'Youth Year' celebrations. Although it had roots of Portuguese catholic culture, Pappanji burning ceremony is now considered a secular festival.
With the launch of the Kochi-Muziris Biennale in 2012, the production of Pappanji was spearheaded by the Kochi Biennale Foundation. Since then, Pappanji has been prepared by some of the best artists in Kerala. The Pappanji burning ceremony attracts thousands of tourists, including foreigners to Kochi during New Year's Eve.
See also
Culture of Kochi
Burning of Judas
Zozobra
References
New Year celebrations
Annual events in India
Tourist attractions in Kochi
Culture of Kochi
Traditions involving fire
Henri Toivomäki (born 21 February 1991) is a Finnish footballer, who plays as a defender for KuPS. He previously played for Sarpsborg 08, FC Lahti, Atalanta, FC Hämeenlinna, AFC Ajax and Almere City FC.
Career
FC Lahti
A product of the FC Lahti youth system, Henri Toivomäki made 45 appearances for the Finnish club. On 2 December 2009, he was on trial with the French club Racing Club de Lens. On 31 January 2010 Toivomäki was loaned to Atalanta, playing in Serie A, with an option to buy at the end of the 2009–10 Serie A season. The option was never activated and Toivomäki returned to Lahti, who were struggling against relegation in Veikkausliiga.
AFC Ajax
On 3 January 2011, Toivomäki signed a -year contract with Dutch club AFC Ajax. Upon his arrival, Toivomäki stated that the influence of FC Lahti teammate Jari Litmanen was decisive in his decision to join the Amsterdam-based side. In the first instance, Toivomäki joined the selection of Jong Ajax. Sidelines for the entire 2011–12 season due to a groin injury, on 27 June 2012 it was announced that Henri would play for Almere CIty on loan from Ajax until July 2013 to find his form after recovery. Making a total of 8 league appearances in the Dutch Eerste Divisie for the side form Almere, and one appearance in the KNVB Cup, not being offered a contract extension following his loan spell however, Toivomäki was released from Ajax, returning to his native Finland.
Return to FC Lahti
On 23 July 2013 it was announced that Henri Toivomäki had signed with his former club FC Lahti, following the announcement of the club manager Juha Malinen.
Sarpsborg 08
On 24 November 2015 he signed with Sarpsborg 08.
HJK Helsinki
On 31 December 2018, Toivomäki signed with HJK Helsinki.
International career
He has represented Finland at different youth levels, currently he is part of the Finland national under-21 football team. He is considered as one of the most talented junior players in Finland. He was selected to represent Finland U21 against Liechtenstein on 7 September 2010.
Toivomäki was called up to the senior Finland national football team, and made his debut in a 2–0 friendly loss to Romania on 5 June 2018.
Career statistics
1 Includes UEFA Europa League Qualifier matches.
2 Includes Liigacup and Johan Cruijff Shield.
References
External links
Henri Toivomäki at Altomfotball
1991 births
Living people
People from Mäntsälä
Finnish footballers
Finland international footballers
Finland youth international footballers
Finnish expatriate footballers
FC Lahti players
Veikkausliiga players
Ykkönen players
Atalanta B.C. players
AFC Ajax players
Almere City FC players
Eerste Divisie players
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Sarpsborg 08 FF players
Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi players
Eliteserien players
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Kuopion Palloseura players
Association football fullbacks
Reipas Lahti players
Sportspeople from Uusimaa
In computing, an alien thread in a multi-processor system is a thread of program execution executed by one processor on behalf of a process running on another processor. Alien threads are implemented in the Fiasco.OC/L4 microkernel operating system.
References
Threads (computing)
The San Simeon Stakes is a Grade III American Thoroughbred horse race for horses aged three years old or older over the distance of about six and one-half furlongs on the turf scheduled annually in March at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California.
History
The event was inaugurated in 2004 as the Daytona Handicap.
Due to course conditions, several runnings of the Daytona Handicap were taken off the turf and run on the dirt track.
The event was upgraded to a Grade III event for 2009.
In 2011 the race was renamed to the Daytona Stakes.
The event was originally scheduled in February but the Los Angeles Turf Club in late 2012 moved the race to the start of the winter racing meet at Santa Anita whereby the race was run twice in the calendar year.
In 2016 the Los Angeles Turf Club renamed the race to the current name. The original San Simeon Stakes was renamed to the Daytona Stakes.
2020 saw the race shortened to furlongs on turf, using the backstretch start, but since 2021, the distance was extended to the current six furlongs.
Records
Speed record:
furlongs: 1:11.21 – Law Abidin Citizen (2019)
furlongs: 1:02.68 – Cistron (2020)
Margins:
lengths – Desert Code (2009)
Most wins:
2 – Bettys Bambino (2014, 2016)
Most wins by an owner:
2 – Sharon Alesia, Bran Jam Stable & Ciaglia Racing (2014, 2016)
2 – Gary Barber (2012, 2018)
Most wins by a jockey:
2 – Garrett Gomez (2005, 2011)
2 – Tiago Josue Pereira (2015, 2019)
Most wins by a trainer:
2 – Peter Eurton (2014, 2016)
2 – Peter L. Miller (2012, 2018)
2 – Philip D'Amato (2015, 2021)
Winners
Legend:
Notes:
ƒ Filly or Mare
See also
List of American and Canadian Graded races
References
Graded stakes races in the United States
Grade 3 stakes races in the United States
Flat horse races for four-year-olds
Open sprint category horse races
Horse races in California
Turf races in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 2004
Santa Anita Park
2004 establishments in California
Zeltus is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae, the blues. It is monotypic containing the species Zeltus amasa, the fluffy tit, a small butterfly found in Indomalayan realm. The butterfly is found in India, specially the Western Ghats, Sikkim to Assam. It can also be found in Myanmar, Thailand, West Malaysia, Sumatra, Borneo, Java and the Philippines.
Description
The genus is small, and its wingspan is 28–32 millimeter. It has long fluffy tail (v.1, 13 mm.; v.2, 7 mm), which makes it easily recognizable. The forewing (FW) color of male Zeltus is blackish, and the basal area's color is pale blue. The forewing color of female Zeltus is dark brown. The hindwing (HW) color of the male is pale blue, the color of the apex is black.
Zeltus amasa has false eyes, legs, and antennae on the hindwing, which resembles and diverts attention from its real head. If it is attacked, its starts flying in an unexpected direction.
Habit
The genus is mostly found at hot, wet forest areas. It flies feebly. The male Zeltus rarely visits flowers, and stays on wet or damp patches, or on the leaves which are about above the ground. The female mostly stays inside deep forest and is rarely seen.
Gallery
See also
List of butterflies of India (Lycaenidae)
References
External links
Butterflies of Asia
Lycaenidae genera
Hypolycaenini
Monotypic butterfly genera
Cultures 2: The Gates of Asgard () is a real-time strategy and city-building video game for Microsoft Windows, released on 26 August 2002 by Funatics Software, a video game developer based in Oberhausen, Germany. The game was published in Germany and Poland by JoWooD Productions and in Russia by Russobit-M. It is part of the Cultures series, and is the sequel to Cultures: Discovery of Vinland.
Gameplay
In Cultures 2 the player builds and develops Vinland settlements by gathering resources and training citizens in various occupations. The game follows Bjarni, the main character of Cultures (based on the historic figure Bjarni Herjólfsson), in his quest to find all the keys to the gates of Valhalla in Asgard and to defeat the Midgard Serpent as part of Ragnarök.
Development
The game was developed by Funatics Software, and was originally released in Europe in 2002. The game has isometric graphics.
References
External links
Michel Bohbot Illustration at www.mbohbot.com
2002 video games
City-building games
Real-time strategy video games
Video games developed in Germany
Video game sequels
Windows games
Windows-only games
Video games with isometric graphics
Fictional Vikings
Video games scored by Fabian Del Priore
Video games set in the Viking Age
Russobit-M games
JoWooD Entertainment games
ALMC hf., formerly Straumur Investment Bank hf. (), is a regional investment bank headquartered in Reykjavík, Iceland.
Founded in 1986 as Hlutabréfasjóðurinn and rebranded as Straumur in 2004, the bank initially survived the financial turmoil in late 2008 but was nationalised by The Financial Supervisory Authority of Iceland (FME) on 9 March 2009. Straumur was the last of Iceland's four biggest banks to remain independent, during the financial crisis. In the summer of 2010, the bank had been rebranded as ALMC and owned by its creditors. The majority of ALMC's owners are international investors and financial institutions and independent from any state involvement.
Before the collapse of the Icelandic banking system in late 2008 the company was mainly owned by Björgólfur Guðmundsson and his son Björgólfur Thor Björgólfsson. The latter was also the chairman of the board until the bank was temporarily closed by regulators in March 2009. At one point, Straumur was Iceland's largest pure investment bank and the sixth-largest company on the OMX Nordic Exchange in Iceland. Straumur had an established presence in ten countries including the UK, Denmark, Sweden, Finland and the Czech Republic.
History
Straumur was founded in October 1986 as the Equity Fund (Hlutabréfasjóðurinn hf.) – an incentive for individuals in Iceland to invest in shares – and by 2001 it had become an investment company.
Over the next few years, the fund grew rapidly and was merged with a number of other Icelandic investment funds. In 2004, the Icelandic Financial Supervisory Authority approved Straumur's application for a license to operate as a credit undertaking and three more sources of income – brokerage, debt finance and corporate finance – were added to create a more regular flow of income.
In September 2005, Straumur merged with Burdarás, creating Iceland's largest investment bank. The newly merged organisation had a stronger balance sheet and shareholder base and was well positioned to start expanding its activities beyond Iceland.
Straumur-Burdaras, now ALMC, was the largest investment bank in Iceland prior to the financial collapse in 2008 with assets worth roughly EUR 7bn and around 500 employees.
Although the bank initially survived the financial turmoil in late 2008, Financial Supervisory Authority of Iceland (FME) assumed control of Straumur on 9 March 2009. The new owners successfully completed its composition in summer 2010, first of the collapsed Icelandic banks, with over 99% of ALMC's creditors approving the composition. Along with the composition ALMC's creditors approved on founding Straumur Investment Bank. In summer 2011, Straumur became the first entity to get a banking license in Iceland post the financial turmoil in fall 2008.
Strategic acquisitions
July 2006 – Straumur acquired 50.01% share of Stamford Partners, a specialist investment banking firm with operations in London and Amsterdam.
May 2007 – Straumur acquired 62% share in eQ Bank, a Finnish bank specialising in brokerage, asset management and corporate finance.
June 2007 – Straumur acquired 50% share in WOOD & Company, the leading independent investment house in Central and Eastern Europe.
July 2007 – As a result of a public tender offer, Straumur now controls over 95% of shares in eQ.
June 2009 – Straumur acquired West Ham United due to a large debt owed by Björgólfur Guðmundsson, who borrowed a large sum of money from the bank to purchase the club.
January 2010 – Sold 50% of West Ham United to David Gold and David Sullivan for what was thought to be around £50,000,000
May 2010 – Sold a further 10% of West Ham United to current owners Gold and Sullivan
August 2010 – Sold a further 5% of West Ham United to a group of investors including former owner Terry Brown
Icelandic credit crunch development
On 9 March 2009, the Icelandic Financial Supervisory Authority took control of Straumur. The FSA appointed a Resolution Committee which took over all activity of the board of directors. On 27 March, Straumur was closed.
ALMC successfully completed its composition in summer 2010, first of the collapsed Icelandic banks, with over 99% of ALMC's creditors approving the composition.
Sources
Official Website – http://www.straumur.com
Quarterly factsheet – Straumur Q3 07 Factsheets
Annual Report – Straumur 2006 Annual Report
References
Banks disestablished in 2009
Banks established in 1989
Bank failures
Banks of Iceland
The Etichonids were an important noble family, probably of Frankish, Burgundian or Visigothic origin, who ruled the Duchy of Alsace in the Early Middle Ages (7th–10th centuries). The dynasty is named for Eticho (also known as Aldarich), who ruled from 662 to 690.
The earliest accounts record the family's beginnings in the pagus Attoariensis around Dijon in northern Burgundy. In the mid-7th century a duke of the region named Amalgar and his wife Aquilina are noticed as major founders and patrons of monasteries. King Dagobert I and his father made donations to them to recover their loyalty and compensate them for the losses that they had sustained as supporters of Queen Brunhild and her grandson, Sigebert II. Amalgar and his wife founded a convent at Brégille and an abbey at Bèze, installing a son and daughter in the abbacies. They were succeeded by their third child, Adalrich, who was the father of Adalrich, Duke of Alsace. This second Adalrich was the first to secure the ducal title. His name, Eticho, a variation of Adalrich, is used by modern scholars as the name of the family.
Under the Etichonids, Alsace was generally divided into a northern and a southern county, Nordgau and Sundgau.
These counties, as well as the monasteries of the duchy, were brought under tighter control of the dukes with the rise of the Etichonids. There exists scholarly debate concerning whether or not the Etichonids were in conflict or alliance with the Carolingians, but it is possible that they were both: opponents of the extension of Charles Martel's authority in the 720s when he first made war on Alemannia, but allies when the Alemanni, under Duke Theudebald invaded Alsace (which had a large Alemannic element in its population) in the early 740s. The last Etichonid duke, Liutfrid, may have died fighting Theudebald on behalf of Pepin the Short.
Among the descendants of the Etichonids, in the female line were Hugh of Tours and his family, including his daughter Ermengard, who was wife to Lothair I and thus mother to three Carolingian kings. In the 10th century the Etichonids remained powerful in Alsace as counts, but their power was circumscribed significantly by the Ottonians and by the 11th century, Pope Leo IX seemed unaware that his ancestors, the lords (or counts) of Dabo and Eguisheim for the previous half century were in fact the direct descendants of the last Etichonids. Many notable European families trace their lineage to the Etichonids, including the Habsburgs.
Etichonid dukes and counts in Alsace
(Note: Here the numbering of the counts is the same for all states, as all were titled Counts of Alsace, despite the different parts of land and its particular numbering of the rulers.)
Sources
Hummer, Hans J. Politics and Power in Early Medieval Europe: Alsace and the Frankish Realm 600–1000. Cambridge University Press: 2005. See mainly pp 46–55.
References
Alsatian nobility
Sir Adrian Scrope or Scroope (c. 1616–1666) of Cockerington, Lincolnshire was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1666. He was a Royalist officer in the English Civil War.
Biography
Scrope was the son of Sir Gervase Scrope of Cockerington and his first wife Catherine Hungerford, daughter of John Hungerford of Chisbury, Wiltshire. He was educated at Westminster School and was admitted at St John's College, Cambridge on 18 May 1632, aged 16. He entered Lincoln's Inn in 1634. At the start of the civil war his father raised a regiment for King Charles I, and was left for dead at Edgehill, where he received sixteen wounds, but survived to 1655.
Adrian Scrope was a Gentleman of the privy chamber from 1641 to 1646. He served in the king's army as a Colonel of horse during the civil war from 1642 to 1646. The fine imposed on father and son for their delinquency amounted to over £6,000.
After the Restoration of the Monarchy he was made Knight of the Bath on 23 April 1661 at the coronation of Charles II. In 1661, he was elected Member of Parliament for Great Grimsby in the Cavalier Parliament. He served as captain in the Earl of Cleveland's Horse from 1662 to his death.
He died in 1666.
Family
Scrope married Mary Carr, daughter of Sir Robert Carr, 2nd Baronet of Sleaford, and was the father of Sir Carr Scrope.
Notes
References
Attribution
1610s births
1666 deaths
People educated at Westminster School, London
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Members of Lincoln's Inn
English army officers
Cavaliers
Knights of the Bath
English MPs 1661–1679
Gentlemen of the Privy Chamber
Members of the Parliament of England for Great Grimsby
Chandler Field is a former military airfield located south of the central business district of Essington, a community in Tinicum Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is situated on the Delaware River, west of Philadelphia International Airport.
History
The base was initially named Chandler Field, being named after 1st Lieutenant Rex Chandler, a student, was killed in the crash on 8 April 1913 on a training flight from North Island, San Diego, California, in Curtiss F floatplane, Signal Corps 15, with Lewis H. Brereton as pilot. Lt Chandler was knocked unconscious in the crash and drowned.
World War I
The facility was opened as a training field in early 1917 and initially operated as an Aviation Section, U.S. Signal Corps military airfield. The field was one of the first three Signal Corps military training airfields prior to the United States Entry into World War I.
Chandler Field was used to prepare National Guard seaplane aviators. Training units assigned to Chandler Field were:
Post Headquarters, Chandler Field June 1917 – January 1918
2d Reserve Aero Squadron, July 1917
Re-designated as 45th Aero Squadron (II), August – November 1917
143d Aero Squadron (Service), October – November 1917
It was closed in early 1918 as inadequate for the Army's needs, its personnel and equipment moved to Gerstner Field, Louisiana.
Later use
The facility was reopened in 1919 as a flying school, and used by the Navy during World War II as a seaplane base. It was again reopened as a civil facility in 1946.
Today, the Chandler Field main building, officer's quarters, hangar foundations, launching ramp and other elements of the base remain. The buildings are closed to the public, however site tours are available.
See also
List of Training Section Air Service airfields
References
World War I airfields in the United States
World War I sites in the United States
Airports in Pennsylvania
Transportation buildings and structures in Delaware County, Pennsylvania
Dobrotești is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Dobrotești and Merișani.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Elena Favilli (born 3 August 1982 in Montevarchi, Tuscany, Italy) is a bestselling author, speaker, entrepreneur and liberal feminist leader.
Biography
Elena Favilli is the founder and CEO of digital media company Rebel Girls. Favilli is the co-author of the Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls children's books. The books were praised for introducing young girls to real-life role models, like Oprah, J.K. Rowling, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Frida Kahlo, while recognizing the achievements of women throughout history.
Before writing Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls, Favilli worked as a journalist. She has written for the Guardian, COLORS Magazine, McSweeney's, RAI, Il Post, and La Repubblica.
Rebel Girls was founded by Favilli in 2016, with a mission to highlight the lives of important women throughout history. Under Favilli's direction, Rebel Girls has published 4 additional children's books. Rebel Girls books have been translated into nearly 50 languages.
Favilli is the creator and executive producer of Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls: The Podcast. Every episode features the story of a woman from Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls, narrated by influential women like Melinda Gates, Priscilla Chan, Jameela Jamil, and Tarana Burke. Season 2 of Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls: The Podcast won the best in Education at the Podcast Awards in 2019.
In November 2020, Rebel Girls published Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls: 100 Immigrant Women Who Changed the World, also written by Favilli.
As of December 2018, Favilli was residing in Los Angeles.
Works
Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls Volume 1
Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls Volume 2
Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls: 100 Immigrant Women Who Changed the World (October 2020)
References
Living people
UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism alumni
Women chief executives
Italian chief executives
1982 births
Michael Christian's Flock is a 42-foot sculpture made of welded steel. First seen at Burning Man in 2001, it was donated in November 2005 to the city of San Francisco by the Black Rock Arts Foundation as a temporary installation displayed until February 2006.
References
Burning Man
2001 sculptures
Steel sculptures in the United States
Finney County (county code FI) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 38,470. Its county seat and most populous city is Garden City.
History
Finney County began about 1880 as Buffalo County and Sequoyah County, named after Sequoyah, the Cherokee Indian responsible for the development of the Cherokee alphabet. The two counties were renamed Finney County in honor of then Lieutenant Governor David Wesley Finney. The county grew to the current shape after Garfield County was annexed to it in 1893. The northeast block, separate from the otherwise rectangular area, represents what at one time was Garfield County, which is now occupied partially by the Garfield Township.
Charles "Buffalo" Jones, a co-founder of Garden City, was the first member of the Kansas House of Representatives from Finney County. He was known for his efforts to preserve the buffalo from extinction.
Between 2007 and 2008 Finney County became majority-minority.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.05%) is water. It is the second-largest county in Kansas by area.
Adjacent counties
Scott County (north)
Lane County (north)
Ness County (northeast)
Hodgeman County (east)
Haskell County (south)
Gray County (south)
Grant County (southwest)
Kearny County (west)
Demographics
Finney County is included in the Garden City, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area.
2010 Census
As of the 2010 census there were 36,776 people, 12,359 households and 8,903 families living in the county. The racial makeup of the county was 77.0% White, 2.3% Black or African American, 0.9% Native American, 3.4% Asian, 0.0% Pacific Islander, 13.6% from other races, and 2.9% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 46.7% of the population.
2000 Census
As of the 2000 census, there were 40,523 people, 12,948 households, and 9,749 families living in the county. The population density was 31 people per square mile (12/km2). There were 13,763 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 69.05% White, 1.25% Black or African American, 0.96% Native American, 2.87% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 22.99% from other races, and 2.80% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 43.30% of the population.
There were 12,948 households, out of which 46.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.80% were married couples living together, 10.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.70% were non-families. 19.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.09 and the average family size was 3.55.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 34.30% under the age of 18, 11.00% from 18 to 24, 31.10% from 25 to 44, 16.60% from 45 to 64, and 7.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females there were 104.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,474, and the median income for a family was $42,839. Males had a median income of $29,948 versus $21,510 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,377. About 10.00% of families and 14.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.60% of those under age 18 and 10.70% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential election results
Finney County has primarily supported Republican presidential candidates throughout its history. In only six elections from 1884 to the present has the county not backed the Republican candidate, the last of these being in 1976 when Jimmy Carter won the county by only 102 votes.
Laws
Finney County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Holcomb USD 363
Garden City USD 457
Communities
Cities
Garden City
Holcomb
Unincorporated communities
Friend
Kalvesta
Lowe
Mansfield
Pierceville
Pitt
Plymell
Ritchal
Rodkey
Quinby
Ghost towns
Amazon
Eminence
Essex
Imperial
Knauston
Leeser
Loya
Pitt
Ravanna
Terryton
Source:
Townships
Finney County is divided into seven townships. The city of Garden City is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Finney County, Kansas
References
Notes
Further reading
Plat Book of Finney County, Kansas; Western Publishing Company; 50 pages; 1910.
External links
County
Finney County - Directory of Public Officials
Other
Finney County Public Library
Maps
Finney County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1883 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1883
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1667.
Events
January – Courtier Tobias Rustat creates the first endowment for the purchase of books for Cambridge University Library in England.
February 22 – The Lejonkulan ("lion's den") opens at Stockholm in Sweden as the first permanent theater in Scandinavia, with the performance of Jean Magnon's Orontes en Satira.
March 2 – The première of John Dryden's tragicomedy Secret Love, or The Maiden Queen at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in London is well received by an audience including King Charles II of England, his brother the Duke of York and Samuel Pepys. The cast includes Nell Gwyn in one of the first breeches roles in Restoration theatre and her lover Charles Hart.
April 15 - Edward Howard's play The Change of Crowns is first performed, in London. Actor John Lacy improvises a few lines about influence-peddling at court, angering King Charles II, a member of the audience (as is Samuel Pepys). The theatre is closed for a time and Lacy jailed.
April 27 – The blind, impoverished 58-year-old John Milton seals a contract (one of the first detailed contracts between author and printer known in England) for publication of Paradise Lost with London printer Samuel Simmons for an initial payment of £5. The first edition is published in October and sells out in eighteen months.
July – English scholar and poet Edmund Castell is imprisoned for debt.
July 28 – For the second time in his life, playwright Thomas Porter mortally wounds an opponent (his friend Sir Henry Bellasis) in a duel, and is then forced to flee from England.
August 6 – Molière's satirical comedy Tartuffe receives its première in a revised form as L'Imposteur and is immediately banned.
August 20 – Molière writes his Lettre sur la comédie de l'Imposteur in response to criticisms of Tartuffe.
September 12 – Sir William Davenant's adaptation of the old play Greene's Tu Quoque is first performed.
November – Edward Hyde, 1st Earl of Clarendon, is impeached by Parliament and forced into exile in France, where he spends the rest of his life working on his history of the English Civil War.
November 7 – The Tempest, or The Enchanted Island, an adaptation of Shakespeare's Tempest by John Dryden and Sir William Davenant, receives its première by the Duke's Company at the Lincoln's Inn Fields Theatre in London; it becomes "the most frequently revived play of the entire Restoration".
unknown date – The Roman Catholic Church places the works of René Descartes on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum.
New books
Prose
Margaret Cavendish – The life of the thrice noble, high and puissant prince William Cavendishe, Duke, Marquess, and Earl of Newcastle
John Dryden – Annus Mirabilis, the Year of Wonders 1666
Richard Head – The life and death of Mother Shipton
Thomas Sprat – The History of the Royal Society
Drama
Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery – The Black Prince
John Caryll – The English Princess
Pierre Corneille – Attila
William Cavendish, Duke of Newcastle – The Humorous Lovers
John Dryden – Secret Love, or the Maiden Queen
Richard Flecknoe – The Damoiselles à la Mode
Edward Howard – The Change of Crowns
James Howard – All Mistaken
John Lacy – Sauny the Scot, or the Taming of the Shrew (adapted from Shakespeare's play)
Jean Racine – Andromaque
Sir Charles Sedley – Antony and Cleopatra
Elkanah Settle – Cambyses, King of Persia
Sir Thomas St. Serfe – Tarugo's Wiles
Poetry
Jeremias de Dekker (died 1666) – Lof der Geldzucht ("In praise of avarice" – satire)
John Milton – Paradise Lost
Births
April 29 – John Arbuthnot, Scottish satirist and polymath (died 1735)
November 30 – Jonathan Swift, Irish satirist and novelist (died 1745)
unknown dates
Susanna Centlivre, English actress and playwright (died 1723)
John Richardson, English Quaker preacher and autobiographer (died 1753)
Ned Ward (Edward Ward), English satirical writer and publican (died 1731)
Deaths
January 19 – Percy Herbert, 2nd Baron Powis, English writer (born 1598)
March 16 (or 17) – Philippe Labbe, French Jesuit writer (born 1607)
May 2 – George Wither, English poet and pamphleteer (born 1588)
May 14 – Georges de Scudéry, French poet (born 1601)
August 13 – Jeremy Taylor, English religious writer and bishop (born 1613)
August 31 – Johann Rist, German poet and dramatist known for hymns (born 1607)
October – Antonio Abati, Italian poet
November – Grigory Kotoshikhin, Russian writer and diplomat (executed for murder, born 1630)
probable – John Heydon, English Rosicrucian and writer on the occult (born 1629)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Véronique Brunet dit L'Estang (January 13, 1726 – June 12, 1810) was a Roman Catholic nun in the Congregation of Notre Dame of Montreal. She took the name Sister Sainte-Rose and served as superior general. She signed her name Verronique Létant.
The daughter of Jean Brunet dit L'Estang, and Marguerite Dubois, she was born in Pointe-Claire. In 2744, she became a novice in the Congregation of Notre-Dame in Montreal and, in 1746, took her vows as a nun. She served at the missions in the Lower Town of Quebec City, at Pointe-aux-Trembles and at Sainte-Famille on Île d'Orléans. In 1771, she returned to Montreal to serve as assistant to the superior Marie-Josèphe Maugue-Garreau. In 1772 she became superior. In 1778, she was succeeded by Marie Raizenne as superior; Brunet served as mistress of novices until 1784 when she served a second term as superior. In 1790, she became assistant mistress of novices; she also gave religious instruction to girls from Montreal who were not able to attend full-time classes. Later, she washed and mended the clothes of servant girls employed by the community.
Brunet died in Montreal at the age of 84.
References
1726 births
1810 deaths
Canadian Roman Catholic religious sisters and nuns
Insull is an unincorporated community and coal town in Harlan County, Kentucky. Its post office is closed. It was also known as Fee.
References
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Harlan County, Kentucky
Coal towns in Kentucky
Manikandapuram () was the capital of the Kingdom of Thekkumkur (now part of India). Manikandapuram is a part of Vakathanam Gramam in the Changanassery Taluk of Kottayam District. At the beginning of the Thekkumkur princely state, the nearest place, Vennimala was established as the headquarters. Vennimala was the most secure place for the enemy. The forests were cut down and developed into habitable areas and the administration is strengthened by the capital city of Manikandapuram.
Manikandapuram Temple
The Manikandapuram Sreekrishna Temple was built in the 12th century by Thekkumkur king Eravi Manikanda Varman (reign: 1150 - 1180 C.E). The construction of the temple and the installation of the idol of Lord Krishna took place on the 25th day of Malayalam month Medam (Meṣa) in Kollam Era 325 (1150 C.E). The king would take part in the annual festival of Vennimala Sree Rama Lakshmana Swamy Temple. During the royal hunting (Pallivetta) in the temple, the king Eravi Manikandan shot an animal he saw, but it was a cow. The Manikandapuram Temple was built by King Manikandan for his atonement, knowing that he killed a cow.
There is evidence that the fort and the tunnels were at Manikandapuram, as were the later headquarters of the Thekkumkur monarchy at Changanassery and Thaliyanthanapuram (Kottayam). The temple was very popular in the Thekkumkur dynasty. References to this temple are found in Aithihyamala of Kottarathil Sankunni and Unnuneeli Sandesam, the classics of Malayalam Literature.
Unnuneeli Sandesam
The Malayalam poem Unnuneeli Sandesam describes the ancient Manikandapuram and Sreekrishna temple. In this poem, the temple and the underground passages connecting Venimala and Manikandapuram are explicit. There is depression in Manikandapuram, which looks like the entrance to a tunnel. The temple has huge acres of paddy fields in revenue records to feed hundreds of people every day.
References
Kingdom of Thekkumkur
Changanassery
Historical Indian regions
Former capital cities in India
Culture of Kerala
History of Changanassery
On 4 June 2019, a mass shooting occurred in Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia. The Northern Territory Police confirmed that four people were killed in the incident and another one was injured. A 45-year-old man, Benjamin Glenn Hoffmann, was arrested and subsequently charged with murder and attempted murder.
Attack
The attacks occurred over multiple locations starting at 5:39pm. According to one news source:"Shots had rung out near Finnis Street just outside the CBD before the man moved to other locations – including the Buffalo Club, Gardens Hill Crescent, the Palms Motel, a Coles Express and Jolly Street in Woolner."Witnesses say the gunman entered the Palms Motel on McMinn Street, Darwin and used a pump-action shotgun to shoot through a guestroom door. According to sources, around 20 shots were fired by the suspect. Witnesses also noted that while in the motel the gunman went from "room-to-room" while screaming out "Alex".
Police responded to the incident and the city centre near the motel remained in lock-down for an hour after the attack. The media reports that about 100 police were involved including officers from the Territory Response Group. Northern Territory Police Commissioner, Reece Kershaw described the weapon as "a prohibited 12-gauge pump-action shotgun", and said it may have been stolen as far back as 1997. Police say that the suspect used 7 vehicles to visit other places located in the city.
Suspect
After the motel shooting, the suspect fled in a Toyota utility and remained at large for about an hour before being detained after notifying police of his location at the intersection of McMinn and Daly Streets. At the time of his arrest, the man, a suspected member of a motorcycle gang who had been released from prison in January, was wearing an electronic monitoring bracelet. The suspect was also taken to Royal Darwin Hospital after being injured with a knife and tasered.
The suspect has been identified by the media as New Zealand man Benjamin Glenn Hoffmann, age 45. Kershaw said that Hoffmann had been released from prison on parole in January 2019. He had been serving a 6-year prison sentence, eligible for parole after 4 years. After this he committed a minor violation of his parole conditions, breaking curfew by less than an hour, and as a result he was imprisoned again for two weeks, being released in early May. During his parole he had been drug tested, with all results negative. Police also revealed that they stopped the suspect for speeding hours before the shooting.
The suspect's motivation remains unclear, but Kershaw said the suspect may have been looking for certain individuals. One of the individuals may have been called "Alex". Police believe "Alex" was outside the Northern Territory at the time of the attack.
Victims
The victims of the crime were all male: one man was reportedly killed at the motel, one at Buff Club, one at Gardens Hill Crescent, and one at Jolly Street.
In addition, at the motel, a 23 year-old woman was shot multiple times in the legs. She was helped by a witness at the scene, and later taken to Royal Darwin Hospital.
Prosecution and trial
On 5 June 2019, four charges of murder were laid against Hoffmann.
Hoffman was to stand trial in February 2020, but due to a dispute with NT Legal Aid, he initially had no legal representation. He entered a plea of not guilty to all counts, with Hoffman's lawyer indicating on 23 April 2020 that he would run a defence of mental impairment due to psychiatric illness.
Hoffman's trial began on 21 September 2021 at Darwin Supreme Court. He was charged with the murders of four people, and with committing ten other serious offences, including threatening to kill and recklessly endangering life. At the start of the seventh week of his trial, he changed his plea to guilty of the murders of Baydoun, Sisois, and Courtney, and to the manslaughter of Hellings. He additionally pleaded guilty to half the other charges.
Hoffmann sacked his legal team on 18 November 2021, requesting the court replace them. He is expected to return to the court in January 2022 to conclude his hearing.
Reactions
The Prime Minister of Australia, Scott Morrison, commented that the shooting was not terrorism-related. Michael Gunner, Chief Minister of the Northern Territory, stated that his thoughts were with the families and friends of the victims, stating "This is not the Darwin we know".
See also
List of massacres in Australia
Timeline of major crimes in Australia
References
2019 crimes in Australia
2019 mass shootings in Oceania
Attacks on hotels in Oceania
Murder in the Northern Territory
Death in the Northern Territory
History of Darwin, Northern Territory
June 2019 crimes in Oceania
June 2019 events in Australia
Mass shootings in Australia
2010s in the Northern Territory
21st century in Darwin, Northern Territory
2010s mass shootings in Australia
Attacks in Oceania in 2019
Hugh Rodney Sharp Jr. (November 21, 1909 – December 9, 1990) was an American businessman, aviator, and university trustee. He worked nearly half a century for the DuPont corporation, which was founded by his great-great-grandfather.
Education and career
Sharp was born in Wilmington, Delaware, the son of Hugh Rodney Sharp Sr. and Isabella Mathieu du Pont. His mother was a member of the Du Pont family, the daughter of chemist Lammot du Pont I. Rodney was the great-great grandson of the company's founder, Éleuthère Irénée du Pont. He attended the University of Delaware, which has a long relationship with the Du Ponts.
Sharp worked for the DuPont corporation for almost 50 years, and spent 30 years on the board of directors. from 1952–82.
Civil Air Patrol
On March 5, 1943, the Civil Air Patrol in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, began coastal patrols under Major Sharp, and spotted their first German U-boat on March 10 off Cape May, New Jersey.
Major Sharp and fellow Delawarean Lt. Ed Edwards were honored in U.S. President Franklin Roosevelt's office in Washington, D.C., for a daring sea rescue with the Civil Air Patrol off Rehoboth Beach, Delaware.
He was also a recipient of the British Military Cross, the French Croix de Guerre, and Italian Order of Valour.
University of Delaware
On May 18, 1994, the Lewes Campus at the University of Delaware was renamed in his honor. Hugh R. Sharp was an alumnus from the University of Delaware, university trustee (1969–1988) and longtime supporter of the university's College of Marine Studies.
His estate and the university shared the cost of the RV Hugh R. Sharp, a research vessel also named in his honor.
See also
List of aviators
List of University of Delaware people
References
1909 births
1990 deaths
Du Pont family
Aviators from Delaware
People from Rehoboth Beach, Delaware
People of the Civil Air Patrol
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre (France)
Recipients of the Military Cross
Rehoboth Beach, Delaware
Trustees of educational establishments
University of Delaware alumni
Ayana Christiana Russell (born 16 March 1988) is a Trinidad and Tobago footballer who plays as a defender. She has been a member of the Trinidad and Tobago women's national team.
International career
Russell capped for Trinidad and Tobago at senior level during three CONCACAF Women's Championship editions (2010, 2014 and 2018), two Central American and Caribbean Games editions (2010 and 2018), the 2015 Pan American Games and the 2018 CFU Women's Challenge Series.
References
1988 births
Living people
Women's association football defenders
Trinidad and Tobago women's footballers
Trinidad and Tobago women's international footballers
Pan American Games competitors for Trinidad and Tobago
Footballers at the 2015 Pan American Games
Competitors at the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games
Competitors at the 2018 Central American and Caribbean Games
Cyril (Greek: Κύριλλος / Kyrillos; Serbian: Кирил / Kiril) was an Eastern Orthodox Metropolitan of Belgrade, from 1825 to 1827. Since Belgrade was capital city of the Principality of Serbia, Cyril was the most senior Eastern Orthodox hierarch in the country. He belonged to the hierarchy of the Patriarchate of Constantinople and previously served as the Metropolitan of Mesembria.
Biography
He was born in Kriva Palanka, in modern North Macedonia, and was educated in Constantinople. When the then Metropolitan of Belgrade Agathangelus was elected Metropolitan of Chalcedon in 1825, the Synod of Bishops in Constantinople elected Cyril as his successor in the Belgrade Diocese in August of the same year. The new Metropolitan of Belgrade cooperated closely with the Serbian Prince Miloš, but he was in poor health and died in Belgrade on 26 February 1827. In the same year, the Metropolitan Anthimus was elected in his place.
References
Literature
1827 deaths
People from Kriva Palanka
Metropolitans of Belgrade
19th-century Eastern Orthodox bishops
The Debolt Formation is a stratigraphical unit of Meramecian age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
It takes the name from the hamlet of Debolt, Alberta, and was first described in the Amerada Crown GF23-11 well near Debolt by G. Macauley in 1958.
Lithology
The Debolt Formation is commonly subdivided into a lower and upper unit. Lower Debolt rocks are bioclastic limestones deposited on a stable carbonate ramp. These lower Debolt rocks are rarely dolomitized and therefore have little porosity or commercial use. Upper Debolt sedimentation is characterized by a number of shallowing upwards facies. At the base of the Upper Debolt is distal and medial ramp argillaceous limestone facies with limited laminations and thin bedding. These argillaceous facies rarely contain clean carbonate interbeds in the medial ramp setting, predominantly wackestones and packstones. These facies are followed by a capping proximal ramp/shoal facies with abundant skeletal packstones and grainstones.
Distribution
The Debolt Formation is present in the sub-surface in the Peace River Country in northern Alberta and north-eastern British Columbia. The formation is thick close to the Rocky Mountains, and thins out northward and eastward. It has a thickness of at its type locality near Debolt, Alberta.
Relationship to other units
The Debolt Formation is the upper most component of the Rundle Group. It rests conformably on the Shunda Formation, resting on shale and carbonates. It is overlain conformably by the Golata Formation of the Stoddart Group in the west, and the upper contact becomes unconformable with gradually newer formations to the east and north (Permian, Triassic, Jurassic and Cretaceous beds).
References
Geologic formations of Alberta
Stratigraphy of British Columbia
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin
Mississippian Series
Carboniferous Alberta
Carboniferous British Columbia
Carboniferous System of North America
This is a list of Science and Technology Ministers of Bihar, India.
See also
Department of Science and Technology, Bihar
Government of Bihar
Seventh Nitish Kumar ministry
References
Science and Technology Ministers
Lists of government ministers of Bihar
Abigail Fuller (born 1959 or 1960) is a retired thoroughbred horse racer who primarily competed between the early 1980s to early 2000s. While competing in graded stakes races, Fuller won two Grade III events, one Grade II event and four Grade I events. Fuller won the majority of her graded stakes with Mom's Command between 1984 to 1985. Fuller was the 1985 Filly Triple Crown champion with her wins at the Mother Goose Stakes, Acorn Stakes and the Coaching Club American Oaks.
Other graded events that Fuller won with Mom's Command were the 1984 Astarita Stakes, the 1985 Comely Stakes and the 1985 Alabama Stakes. In 1989, Fuller won the Seneca Handicap with Fuller's Down as her last graded stakes event victory. During her career, Fuller had 582 wins while collecting over $US5 million in prize winnings.
Early life and education
In 1959 or 1960, Fuller was born in Boston, Massachusetts. Growing up, Fuller undertook horseback riding training throughout her childhood and teens.
Career
When Fuller was eighteen years old, Fuller become a show jumper and equestrian teacher. She then worked as a stable hand before transitioning to horse racing in November 1982. In 1983, Fuller had her first career racing victory at a Suffolk Downs event. As an apprentice jockey, Fuller remained at Suffolk Downs before moving to Oaklawn Park in early 1984. While in Arkansas, Fuller went to Keeneland, Kentucky for a single race before her apprenticeship was to end in August 1984.
Following a third place finish at the Frizette Stakes in late 1984, Gregg McCarron took Fuller's place at the Selima Stakes. When her father could not find a jockey for the 1985 Hollywood Starlet Stakes, he chose Fuller to compete at the race. At Hollywood Starlet, Fuller finished in fifth place. During these two years, Fuller won six graded stakes races with Mom's Command ranging from Grade III to Grade I. In Grade II and Grade III events, Fuller won the 1984 Astarita Stakes and the 1985 Comely Stakes. She also had a second place finish at the 1985 Test Stakes during the Grade II event.
At Grade I events, Fuller finished in first at the 1985 Alabama Stakes. That year, Fuller became the Filly Triple Crown champion of 1985 with Mom's Command. Her Triple Crown was achieved with her wins at the Mother Goose Stakes, Acorn Stakes and Coaching Club American Oaks. By winning these three Grade I events, Fuller became the first woman to ever win the Filly Triple Crown. With Fuller's Folly in 1988, Fuller had a Grade III win at the Seneca Handicap and a Grade III runner-up at the Niagara Handicap.
After being injured with a spinal fracture in January 1992, Fuller left horse racing in April 1992 to become a publicist at Suffolk Downs. In May 1996, Fuller returned to horse racing and began to race in Delaware Park. Following a 2002 retirement, Fuller worked in Florida as a horse trainer in the mid 2000s. In August 2011, Fuller restarted her racing career after participating in a charity horse race event earlier in the year. In November 2011, Fuller was a Grade III runner-up with Trip for A.J. at the My Charmer Handicap. After her last event in 2014, Fuller had 582 wins and over $5 million in prize winnings.
Personal life
Fuller is married and has three children, one of whom is from a previous marriage.
References
Year of birth uncertain
American female jockeys
Living people
Sportspeople from Boston
21st-century American women
The Farrington Aircraft Corporation was an American aircraft manufacturer founded by Don Farrington and based in Paducah, Kentucky. The company specialized in the design and manufacture of autogyros in the form of kits for amateur construction.
The company produced the open-cockpit, two-seat Farrington Twinstar, selling 25 kits, of which about 12 were completed and flown. The Farrington 18A was a kit version of the Air & Space 18A production autogyro, of which 20 were completed and flown.
Don Farrington died on 23 April 2000 following an accident with the Air & Space 18A gyroplane he was flying on 13 April 2000 and subsequently the company was wound up.
Aircraft
References
Defunct aircraft manufacturers of the United States
Homebuilt aircraft
Autogyros
Companies based in Kentucky
Paducah, Kentucky
1993 ACC Tournament may refer to:
1993 ACC men's basketball tournament
1993 ACC women's basketball tournament
1993 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
1993 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
1993 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
1993 Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
Aurilândia is a municipality in eastern Goiás state, Brazil.
Location
The distance to the state capital is 146 km. while the distance to the main regional center São Luís de Montes Belos is 23 km.
Highway connections from Goiânia are made by state highway BR-069 west from Goiânia, through Trindade, São Luís de Montes Belos, and then 23 kilometers south to Aurilândia.
Neighboring municipalities are São Luís de Montes Belos, Firminópolis, São João da Paraúna, and Paraúna.
Demographics
Population density: 6,58 inhabitants/km2 (2007)
Population growth rate: -1.93% 1996/2007
Population in 1980: 4,953
Population in 2007: 3,719
Urban population: 2,762
Economy
The main economic activities are cattle raising, agriculture, commerce, and small transformation industries. Public administration is the largest employer. There is a large informal economy. There were 61,200 head of cattle (6,000 milking cows) in 2006. The main agricultural products were bananas, hearts of palm, rice, manioc, and corn. There were 400 automobiles and pickup trucks in 2007, giving a ratio of 9 inhabitants for each motor vehicle.
Number of farms: 341
Total agricultural area: 50,397 ha.
Planted area: 610 ha.
Area of natural pasture: 39,767e
Persons employed in agriculture: 986 (IBGE 2006)
Health and education
The infant mortality rate in 2000 was 24.88. There was 1 small hospital (2007) with 19 beds. The literacy rate in 2000 was 84.3%. There were 3 schools with 826 students in 2006.
The score on the Municipal Human Development Index was 0.732, giving it a state ranking of 140 (out of 242 municipalities) and a national ranking of 2,390 (out of 5,507 municipalities). For the complete list see frigoletto.com.br
References
Frigoletto
Municipalities in Goiás
Group B of the 2010 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group I was one of two pools in the Asia/Oceania Zone Group I of the 2010 Fed Cup. Four teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top team and the bottom two teams proceeding to their respective sections of the play-offs: the top teams played for advancement to the World Group II Play-offs, while the bottom teams faced potential relegation to Group II.
Uzbekistan vs. Thailand
Chinese Taipei vs. Kazakhstan
Uzbekistan vs. Chinese Taipei
Thailand vs. Kazakhstan
Uzbekistan vs. Kazakhstan
Chinese Taipei vs. Thailand
See also
Fed Cup structure
References
External links
Fed Cup website
2010 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone
The 1999 Sabah state election was held between Friday, 12 March and Saturday, 13 March 1999. The election was won by Barisan Nasional increasing the number of seats it won in the 1994 election from 23 to 31.
Results
|-
! rowspan=2 colspan=4 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" | Party
! rowspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Candidates
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Vote
! colspan=3 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Seats
|-
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |%
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Won
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |%
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |+/–
|-
| style="background-color: ;" |
| colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" | National Front || BN || 48 || || || 31 || 64.58 || +8
|-style="background:#EFEFEF;"
| rowspan=7|
| style="background-color: #E62020;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |United Malays National Organisation || UMNO || 24 || || || 24 || 50.00 || +5
|-style="background:#EFEFEF;"
| style="background-color: ;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |Sabah Progressive Party || SAPP || 5 || || || 3 || 6.25 || 0
|-style="background:#EFEFEF;"
| style="background-color: #FF7F00;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |Liberal Democratic Party || LDP || 2 || || || 2 || 4.17 || +1
|-style="background:#EFEFEF;"
| style="background-color: #00008B;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |Sabah Democratic Party || PDS || 12 || || || 2 || 4.17 || New
|-style="background:#EFEFEF;"
| style="background-color: #0000FF;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |Malaysian Chinese Association || MCA || 1 || || || 0 || 0.00 || New
|-style="background:#EFEFEF;"
| style="background-color: #FEDF00;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |United Sabah People's Party || PBRS || 2 || || || 0 || 0.00 || New
|-style="background:#EFEFEF;"
| style="background-color: #FFFFFF;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |Angkatan Keadilan Rakyat Bersatu || AKAR || 2 || || || 0 || 0.00 || New
|-
| style="background-color: #ADD8E6;" |
| colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" |United Sabah Party|| PBS || 48 || || || 17 || 35.42 || -8
|-
|
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Federated Sabah People's Front || BERSEKUTU || 48 || || || 0 || 0.00 || New
|-
|
| colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" |United Democratic Sabah People's Power Party ||SETIA || 21 || || || 0 || 0.00 || New
|-
| style="background-color: ;" |
| colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" |Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party|| PAS || 6 || || || 0 || 0.00 || 0
|-
|
| colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" |United Pasok Nunukragang National Organisation||PASOK|| 1 || || || 0 || 0.00 || 0
|-
| style="background-color: ;" |
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |Independents || IND || 27 || || || 0 || 0.00 || 0
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Valid votes|| ||rowspan=2 colspan="4" style="background-color:#dcdcdc"|
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Invalid/blank votes||
|-
| colspan="5" style="text-align:left;" | Total votes (voter turnout: %) || || 100.00 || 48 || 100.00 || 0
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Did not vote|| ||rowspan="4" colspan="4" style="background-color:#dcdcdc"|
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Registered voters||
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Voting age population (aged 21 years and above)||
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Sabah's population||
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan=10 |
Source:
|}
References
1999
1999 elections in Malaysia
Farmington Quaker Crossroads Historic District is a national historic district located at Farmington in Ontario County, New York. The district encompasses 11 contributing components and three non-contributing components. The centerpiece of the district is the Farmington Friends Meetinghouse, an Orthodox Quaker meetinghouse built in 1876, with a commemorative tablet marking the sites of meetinghouses built in 1796 and 1804, but later demolished. Also in the district is an 1816 Quaker Meetinghouse constructed by the Hicksite Quakers and currently under restoration.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
References
External links
Farmington's Quaker Meeting House website
Farmington Meetinghouse Restoration website
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Historic districts in Ontario County, New York
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Ontario County, New York
1796 establishments in New York (state)
Nothodanis is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The single species of this genus, Nothodanis schaeffera (Eschscholtz, 1821) is found in the Australasian and Indomalayan realms.
Subspecies
Nothodanis schaeffera schaeffera (Eschscholtz, 1821) Philippines and Indonesia.
Nothodanis schaeffera annamensis (Fruhstorfer, 1903) Vietnam.
Nothodanis schaeffera caesius (Grose-Smith) New Guinea
Nothodanis schaeffera caledonica (C. & R. Felder, [1865]) New Caledonia
Nothodanis schaeffera cepheis (Druce, 1891) Solomon Islands
Nothodanis schaeffera esme (Grose-Smith, 1894) Bismark archipelago , New Britain and New Ireland
Nothodanis schaeffera soranus (Fruhstorfer, 1915) Halmaheira, Batjan, Ternate
External links
"Nothodanis Hirowatari, 1992" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and some other life forms
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Gerald Robert "Gerry" Allen (born March 26, 1942 in Los Angeles, California) is an American-born Australian ichthyologist. His career began in 1963, when he spent a semester at the University of Hawaii, where he also received a PhD in marine zoology in 1971. In 1972, Allen wrote his doctoral thesis on the systematics and biology of the anemone fish.
In 1974, he was made curator at the Western Australian Museum in Perth till 1997, where Allen moved to Conservation International, working as a science team leader undertaking coral reef fish surveys in Papua New Guinea, Indonesia, and the Philippines until 2003. Allen has written 33 books and about 400 scientific papers. In 2003, he received the K. Radway Allen Award from the Australian Society for Fish Biology for his scientific achievements in fish biology.
He has mapped and analysed the distributions of all Indo-Pacific coral reef fishes. Allen continues to publish scientific papers and is involved in the nonprofit organisation Conservation International, especially for the preservation of biodiversity in the area of Vogelkop Peninsula.
Taxon named in his honor
The fish genus Allenichthys Pietsch 1984 is named after him.
The following species
The sandburrower Creedia alleni J. S. Nelson 1983 in honor of Allen for his many contributions to ichthyology at the Western Australia Museum in Perth, who brought this species to Nelson's attention knowing he would describe it.
The little rainbow wrasse Dotalabrus alleni Russell 1988 was named in honor of Allen who collected the type series and drew Russell's attention to the species that had not been previously described.
The Wrasse Labropsis alleni Randall 1981 was named in honor of Allen who collected six of the fourteen type specimens.
The sole Leptachirus alleni Randall 2007 is named after Allen who collected the type specimens.
The skate Pavoraja alleni McEachran & Fechhelm, 1982 is named after him.
The perchlet Plectranthias alleni Randall 1980 was named after Allen who provided the type specimens to Randall knowing that the species was undescribed and Randall would describe it.
The goby Schismatogobius alleni Keith, Lord & Larson, 2017 in honor of Allen for his extensive work on the freshwater fish fauna of Papua New Guinea.
The goby Stenogobius alleni Watson 1991 is named in honor of Allen because of his contributions to the freshwater ichthyology of Papua New Guinea.
Allen's shrimpgoby Tomiyamichthys alleni Iwata, Ohnishi & Hirata, 2000is named after him.
The rainbowfish Chilatherina alleni is "named in honour of Gerald R. Allen, in recognition of his outstanding contribution to ichthyology and his deep commitment to the study and preservation of the aquatic fauna of New Guinea." - Adrian R. Tappin
Taxon described by him
See :Category:Taxa named by Gerald R. Allen
References
External links
List of Gerald R. Allen books
Australian ichthyologists
1942 births
Living people
Scientists from Los Angeles
University of Hawaiʻi alumni
American emigrants to Australia
Academics from Los Angeles
Beach Halt railway station was an unlisted stop just south of Lisfannon Golf Course in County Donegal, Ireland.
The station opened in 1939 on the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway line from Londonderry Graving Dock to Carndonagh.
It closed for passengers on 6 September 1948.
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in County Donegal
Railway stations opened in 1939
Railway stations closed in 1948
1939 establishments in Ireland
1948 disestablishments in Ireland
The 2017 Hampton Downs TRS round was the third round of the 2017 Toyota Racing Series. The event was held at Hampton Downs Motorsport Park, in North Waikato, New Zealand from 28 to 29 January 2017.
Background
Heading into the weekend, Richard Verschoor leads the championship by an extensive margin. Strong, consistent performances from the young Dutchman meant he was the man to beat. Other strong performances in the field included the likes of Thomas Randle, who was a constant front runner in the first two rounds of the championship.
Report
Practice
Thomas Randle demonstrated his pace early on by taking out four out of the five practice sessions and broke the track record in the process. Pedro Piquet took out the second practice session, narrowly beating out Randle.
Race 1
Qualifying
Randle dominated qualifying by taking pole position by nearly two-tenths of a second over Jehan Daruvala. They were followed by Armstrong, Leitch and Piquet.
Race
After a chaotic start which saw Leitch and Daruvala tumbling down the order, Marcus Armstrong came through to win his second race of the year. An early red flag saw the race restarted with a shortened distance. After losing out the lead,
Race 2
Race 3
Qualifying
Randle once again snatched pole position, though this time with a narrow margin over Daruvala. They were followed by Piquet, Verschoor and Armstrong.
Race
After a chaotic start which saw Leitch and Daruvala tumbling down the order, Marcus Armstrong came through to win his second race of the year. An early red flag saw the race restarted with a shortened distance. After losing out the lead,
References
Teretonga Park TRS round
Teretonga Park TRS round
Carlos Fernández Liria (born 1959) is a Spanish philosopher and lecturer at the Complutense University of Madrid (UCM).
Biography
He was born in 1959 in Zaragoza. Fernández Liria, who started his teaching experience as professor of secondary education, also worked as TV writer alongside fellow philosopher Santiago Alba in the 1980s, developing the scripts for the cult children's show La Bola de Cristal. Following the earning of a PhD in philosophy at the UCM, reading a dissertation about Jean-Paul Sartre in 1987 titled Una ontología positiva. Ensayo a partir de “El ser y la nada” de Sartre supervised by Sergio Rábade Romeo (initiated under the supervision of Gabriel Albiac), he became a senior lecturer at the former university in 1989.
He has been the doctoral supervisor of, among others, César Rendueles and Luis Alegre.
He is the father of Eduardo Fernández Rubiño, politician and activist.
Political positions
Fernández Liria self-identifies as Marxist "since forever". He has stood out as staunch supporter of the Bolivarian Revolution in Venezuela. An admirer of Julio Anguita, he lent support to Podemos in the beginnings of the party; the purpose of his work En defensa del populismo, in which he outlines a reinterpretation of the Enlightenment and Rousseau, has been described as essentially an apology of the party. Later, in 2019, he removed support from Podemos and endorsed Más Madrid and Más País instead along his disciple Luis Alegre.
Works
Author
Coauthor
References
Informational notes
Citations
Bibliography
Complutense University of Madrid faculty
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Spanish philosophers
Spanish television writers
Male television writers
1959 births
Living people
Spanish male writers
Nirvana was an American rock band formed by singer and guitarist Kurt Cobain and bassist Krist Novoselic in Aberdeen, Washington in 1987, with drummer Dave Grohl joining the band in 1990.
The band recorded three studio albums; Bleach, Nevermind and In Utero, with other songs available on live albums, compilations, extended plays (EPs), singles and reissues. Other songs have surfaced or are known to exist but have not been released officially.
Songs
See also
Nirvana discography
Nirvana bootleg recordings
Notes
References
Bibliography
–.
Songs recorded by Nirvana
Nirvana
r/IAmA is a subreddit for question-and-answer interactive interviews termed "AMA" (short for "Ask Me Anything"). AMA interviewees have ranged from various celebrities to everyday people in several lines of work. Founded in May 2009, the subreddit has gone on to become one of Reddit's most popular communities.
Concept
IAmA is based on posting "AMAs" (for "Ask Me Anything"), or similarly "AMAAs" (Ask Me Almost/Absolutely Anything) – prompts for others to ask questions about any topic. AMAs are open to all Reddit users, but interviewees require proof that they are who/what they claim to be. They use the site's comment system for both questions and answers; this process has been equated to an online press conference. Like the rest of Reddit, users can also upvote and downvote potential candidates, with the most favoured being more likely to receive an answer.
History
According to The Atlantic, this concept is new to the digital age. They deemed the closest equivalents to be game shows, and radio call-in shows, which placed a heavy focus on the interviewees. Contrastingly, r/IAmA places more emphasis on users answering the questions.
The concept's genesis on the internet began in the 1990s; Slashdot launched similar interviews in 1999, but only 10 questions per person were allowed. Participants included free software advocate Bruce Perens and Linux developer Alan Cox. This was followed by Something Awful's Ask/Tell forums, which was more focused on interviews with everyday people.
Reddit built on this idea with video interviews with site staff Alexis Ohanian and Erik Martin. The following demand for AMAs led to the creation of the current r/IAmA subreddit in May 2009. Unlike its precursors, it requires proof of identity. Since its founding, similar features have appeared in other social media sites, like Tumblr and Ask.fm.
Participants
Initially, AMAs focused more on ordinary citizens; these interviews still make up some of the subreddit's content today. As Reddit expanded, its staff attempted to bring in celebrity guests—early examples include businesswoman Caterina Fake. Since then, a number of individuals have been interviewed in the IAmA subreddit, some of whom have appeared multiple times. Notable participants include then-United States President Barack Obama (while campaigning for the 2012 election), Bill Gates (multiple times), Bernie Sanders (amidst the 2018 midterm elections), and Holocaust survivor Alex Hershaft. Other people, including Donald Trump, have conducted AMAs in a similar fashion on other parts of Reddit.
The increased traffic for Obama's AMA brought down many parts of the website when it occurred on August 29, 2012.
Celebrities participating in AMAs have seen both positive and negative responses. In 2012, Woody Harrelson's AMA was criticized after Harrelson declined to answer questions that were unrelated to the movie he was then promoting, apparently unaware of the AMA's purpose. By contrast, rapper Snoop Dogg's 2012 AMA attracted 1.6 million page views after he provided several candid responses to the community's questions.
Controversies
From 2013 to 2015, Victoria Taylor assisted Reddit's volunteer community in presenting interviews. She primarily transcribed spoken celebrity responses, but also helped organize timing, affirmed best practices, and assisted in preparation. On July 2, 2015, hundreds of subreddits, including several with over a million subscribers, were set to private by their respective volunteer moderators after Taylor was dismissed. These moderators stated that a primary factor for the shutdown was a lack of warning for Reddit's decision; Reddit provided no immediate replacement for Taylor's services. Sources closer to Reddit users cited an increased focus on commercializing AMAs as the most likely reason.
References
Further reading
External links
Official website
2009 establishments in the United States
IAmA
Internet properties established in 2009
2009 in Internet culture
Interviews
Todor Toshev () (1919 - 1993) was a Bulgarian Double bass (contrabass) player.
Todor Toshev was born in Bulgaria. He was the creator of the Bulgarian school of double bass and the first double bass professor in the country.
Toshev graduated from the Music Academy in Sofia/class of Asen Vapordjiev (who was a well known Bulgarian musician, a graduate from the Prague Conservatory/class of Eduard Nani) in 1948 . He continued his studies in the Prague Conservatory with professor Oldrih Shoreis until 1951. He returned to Bulgaria and established the roots of the Modern Bulgarian School of Double Bass which was gaining recognition and respect. He performed consistently in the country and abroad, furthering the popularity of his school. There are a number of recordings from this time being kept in the library of the Bulgarian National Radio. He taught masterclasses in England, Germany, Switzerland, Greece and Finland and became a member of the International Society of Bassists-Huston, USA, earning a PHD “honoris causa” in the Musical Academy “Ian Sibelius” in Finland and Bulgarian National Music Academy in Sofia. He was then featured in the 16th Edition of the Cambridge “Who is Who” Music encyclopedia.
Todor Toshev was a forward thinking Music teacher. His many students established and continue to lead the standards of his teachings. His methods are still being applied by his students who are now well known teachers and performers around the world. His contribution to the development of the instrument was huge, transforming the Double Bass from an accompanying instrument in an orchestra to a “Soloist” instrument. The quality and popularity of the instrument today is partly due to his astounding contribution.
References
1919 births
1993 deaths
Bulgarian musicians
Double-bassists
Male double-bassists
20th-century double-bassists
20th-century male musicians
Psychonotis is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Australasian realm.
Species
Psychonotis brownii (Druce & Bethune-Baker, 1893)
Psychonotis caelius (C. & R. Felder, 1860)
Psychonotis eleanor Tennent, 1999
Psychonotis eudocia (H. H. Druce and Bethune-Baker, 1893)
Psychonotis finisterre C.J. Müller, 2003
Psychonotis hebes (Druce, 1904)
Psychonotis hymetus (C. Felder, 1860)
Psychonotis julie Tennent, 1999
Psychonotis kruera (Druce, 1891)
Psychonotis marginalis C.J. Müller, 2003
Psychonotis melane (Joicey & Talbot, 1916)
Psychonotis parsonsi C.J. Müller, 2003
Psychonotis piepersii (Snellen, 1878)
Psychonotis purpurea (Druce, [1903])
Psychonotis slithyi Tennent, 1999
Psychonotis waihuru Tennent, 1999
References
, 1860 [1859]. Lepidopterologische Fragmenta. Parts 4 and 5. Vienna ents. Monats. 4: 225-251, 2 pls., 394-402, 2 pls.
, 1992. A generic classification of the tribe Polyommatini of the Oriental and Australian regions (Lepidoptera, Lycaenidae, Polyommatinae). Bulletin of the University of Osaka Prefecture, Ser B, Vol. 44, Suppl.
, 2003: Three new species of Psychonotis Toxopeus (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae) from Papua New Guinea. Australian Entomologist 30 (4): 159-165.
, 1999: The genus Psychonotis Toxopeus in the Solomon Islands, with descriptions of five new taxa (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae). Australian Entomologist 26 (4): 115-123.
, 1930. De soorte als functie van Plaats en Tijd, 198 pp., 4 pls. Amsterdam.
External links
"Psychonotis Toxopeus, 1930" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Lambertus Johannes Toxopeus
The Independent Division of Yunnan Provincial Military District ()(2nd Formation) was created on 5 May 1979 basing on the May Seventh Cadre School of Kunming Military Region as a result of Sino-Vietnamese War earlier that year.
On 13 December 1982 it was renamed as 250th Army Division(), became the last division formed by PLA ground force.
The division was composed of:
748th Infantry Regiment;
749th Infantry Regiment;
750th Infantry Regiment;
Artillery Regiment.
The division was part of 14th Army Corps (now 14th Army). In September 1985 the division was inactivated and renamed as 1st Garrison Division of Chengdu Military Region() and transferred to Yunnan Provincial Military District's control. In May 1992 the division was disbanded and merged into Wenshan Military Sub-district.
References
中国人民解放军各步兵师沿革，http://blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_a3f74a990101cp1q.html
Garrison Chengdu
Military units and formations disestablished in 1992
1979 establishments in China
1992 disestablishments in China
Military units and formations established in 1979
Raoul Dautry (16 September 1880 – 21 August 1951) was a French engineer, business leader and politician. He was born on 16 September 1880 at Montluçon in the department of Allier; he died on 21 August 1951 at Lourmarin in the department of Vaucluse.
Education and career
After graduating from the École Polytechnique in 1900, he began a career with the railway company, Chemin de Fer du Nord. In 1914, during World War I, he set up a railway routing system which enabled reinforcements to be transferred to the front for the Battle of the Marne. It was under his direction that a new track was laid in a hundred days from Beauvais to the front. He held a number of important posts in the railways. He was director general of the Chemins de fer de l'État (State Railways) from 1928 to 1937 and when the French National Railways (SNCF) were set up in 1938, he became a member of its governing body.
Dautry was Armaments Minister from 20 September 1939 to 16 June 1940 in the governments of Daladier and Reynaud. He obtained the permission of Daladier to send a mission to Norway to look for the stocks of heavy water which the Germans were anxious to obtain. During the German occupation of France, he withdrew from political life and retired to his home in Lourmarin in the department of Vaucluse.
After the liberation, he was appointed Minister of Reconstruction and Urban Development by General Charles de Gaulle, a post which he held from 16 November 1944 to 20 January 1946. Thereafter he became general director of the Commissariat à l'énergie atomique (French Atomic Energy Commission). It was in this capacity that he selected Saclay as the site for an atomic plant.
In 1946, he was elected to the French Academy of Political and Moral Sciences.
He was elected Mayor of Lourmarin and named a Grand Officier of the Legion d'Honneur.
See also
Florentine tower of Buire
External links
1880 births
1951 deaths
People from Montluçon
École Polytechnique alumni
French people in rail transport
Members of the Académie des sciences morales et politiques
20th-century French politicians
Grand Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
The Radisson Blu Al Mahary Hotel Tripoli is a modern tourist hotel in Tripoli, Libya, near Grand Hotel Tripoli.
Data & History
It was built in 1989 and completely remodeled in 2009 to international standards as part of Radisson Hotels.
It is located on the site of the earlier Italian Hotel del Mehari , built in 1935 at the same time as the nearby Hotel Casinò Uaddan.
Like the Uaddan, it was designed by Italian architect Florestano Di Fausto, with the collaboration of Stefano Gatti-Casazza. According to Brian McLaren in his book Architecture and tourism in Italian colonial Libya, the destroyed Mehari hotel "provided a fusion of the indigenous architecture of Tripoli with a modern aesthetic that responded to the demand for a metropolitan standard of comfort, typical to colonial tourism.
See also
Grand Hotel Tripoli
Hotel Casinò Uaddan
References
External links
the "Grand Hotel" in Italian Tripoli
Hotels in Tripoli
Hotels established in 1989
Hotel buildings completed in 1989
Where's Marlowe? is a 1998 comedy mystery film written by Daniel Pyne and John Mankiewicz. Daniel Pyne also directed the film, which stars Miguel Ferrer, Mos Def, John Slattery, and John Livingston.
Plot
After making a three-hour fiasco about New York City's water supply, a two-man film crew decides to take it up a notch by documenting life in the private investigator offices of "Boone and Murphy". Cheating husbands and missing dogs fail to bring in the big bucks however, and after sleeping with the wife of one of their clients Murphy leaves. To stop Boone from having to close down the business the two film-makers must resort to a hands-on approach in the investigations to ensure the completion of their movie.
Cast
Miguel Ferrer as Joe Boone
John Livingston as A.J. Edison
Mos Def as Wilt Crawley
John Slattery as Kevin Murphy
Allison Dean as Angela
Clayton Rohner as Sonny "Beep" Collins
Elizabeth Schofield as Monica Collins
Barbara Howard as Emma Huffington
Miguel Sandoval as Skip Pfeiffer
Bill McKinney as Uncle Bill
Lisa Jane Persky as Jenny
Nicki Micheaux as Caroline
Kamala Lopez as Penny
Wendy Benson-Landers as Heather
Sarabeth Tucek as Rikki
Olivia Rosewood as Stacy / Fawn
John Hawkes as Earl
David Newsom as Jake Pierson
Kirk Baltz as Rivers
Ken Jenkins as Linguist
Wendy Crewson as Dr. Ninki Bregman
Erich Anderson as Detective Simmons
Alexandra Bokyun Chun as Detective Hsu
Joyce Guy as Wilt's Mom
Patrick Egan as A.J.'s Dad
Connie Sawyer as Skip's Mom
Brent Jennings as Funeral Director
Don Keith Opper as The Composer
Brent Roam as Angry Man
Heather McComb as Trophy Wife
Julia Kruis as Beautiful Woman
Giancarlo Esposito as Blind Man (uncredited)
References
External links
1998 films
American comedy mystery films
1990s comedy mystery films
Films about filmmaking
Films produced by Clayton Townsend
Films scored by Michael Convertino
1990s English-language films
American independent films
1998 independent films
1990s American films
Territorial Style was an architectural style of building developed and used in Santa Fe de Nuevo México, popularized after the founding of Albuquerque in 1706. Reintroduced during the New Mexico Territory from the time of the Mexican and American territorial phases in 1821 until 1912, at which time New Mexico stopped being a territory and became a US state. Following the increase of its popularity in the 1930s and 1940s, it became referred to as the Territorial Revival style, which became another popular building style alongside New Mexico's Pueblo Revival style.
Origins
A vernacular subgroup, from 1860-1935, of the Territorial Style is known as the Folk Territorial, Folk Carpenter, and Spanish Folk Territorial. The style was found "particularly in Northern New Mexico", and consisted of applied wood Greek Revival and Gothic details of the Spanish missions in New Mexico, added to the building styles of the Pueblo architecture the Northern New Mexico adobe building construction style.
Later development by Anglo-Americans
When the Americans, under General Stephen Kearney, arrived in New Mexico in August, 1846 they did not find the fabled and fabulous cities that they had expected. Rather they found a built environment that was totally alien to what they were accustomed. James Bennett, a U.S. dragoon, describes Las Vegas, New Mexico as "a great pile of unbaked brick" adding, "Upon closer inspection everything about the town was dirty and filthy... [with] miserable dirty streets [that] all look alike" while Mora was described by another US soldier, Frank S. Edwards as consisting "of a few mud huts", continuing, "nothing could be more discouraging to me fated to remain a whole year in Mexican territory than the first view of this town." The city of Santa Fe did not inspire any more admiration, "one traveler likened it to 'a dilapidated brick kiln or a prairie dog town."
Soon "increasing numbers of Anglo-Americans began to arrive with new materials and architectural ideas based on those of the communities from which they came. Millwork and brick were imported from St. Louis and Kansas City. The small grilled and glass-less windows began to give way to double hung glazed sashes often provided with slatted shutters on the outside." The Anglos were attempting to create a Greek Revival feel to the vernacular architecture that they found in New Mexico.
The Anglos did three things to the adobe architecture. First they added Greek Revival trim to the windows and doors. In some cases shutters were placed by the windows, which were just tacked onto existing structures. Because of the shortage of milled lumber, one of the first things that Kearney did was import the machinery to create a mill. The next step was to start adding brick coping to the tops of adobe walls, thus making the walls substantially more water tight. The cost of importing bricks along the Santa Fe Trail made building entire houses out of brick prohibitively expensive. It was not long before brickyards were established. Frequently, bricklayers laid the bricks in such a way as to produce dentils in the courses.
To further simulate a Greek Revival appearance the Anglos replaced the round tree trunk columns employed by the Hispanic builders with square ones, typically with chamfered corners. Often they were embellished with trim to simulate capitals and bases.
Finally the Anglos introduced the pitched roof and the material to produce them. The ternplate roof was a metal one, made in strips and composed of an alloy of tin and lead. Manufactured in the East, the strips were designed to be soldered together, producing a roof much longer lasting and much less leaky than the flat roofs that were commonly used.
Reintroduction
The style remained in use until 1900. It came back into use in 1930 in the form of Territorial Revival architecture.
References
20th-century architecture in the United States
19th-century architecture in the United States
Architecture in New Mexico
Chaqu-ye Akhvani (, also Romanized as Chāqū-ye Ākhvānī) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 195, in 50 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
William David Cohen (born January 21, 1957) is a Vermont attorney and judge. He has served as an Associate Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court since December 2019.
Education and legal career
William David Cohen was born in Queens, New York on January 21, 1957, the son of Herbert and Sandra (Jacobs) Cohen. He attended the public schools of Rutland City, Vermont and graduated from Rutland High School in 1975. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Environmental Science from George Washington University in 1980 and a Juris Doctor degree from Vermont Law School in 1984.
While attending college, Cohen worked in the Washington, DC office of US Senator Robert Stafford. While attending law school, he worked as a clerk in the legal department of the Central Vermont Public Service Corporation, followed by a part-time position as a clerk in the office of the state's attorney for Rutland County.
After attaining admission to the bar, Cohen served as a deputy state's attorney for Rutland County from 1984 to 1986. From 1986 until 1999, Cohen was an attorney in private practice. In 1999, he was appointed a judge of the Vermont Superior Court by Governor Howard Dean.
Appointment to Vermont Supreme Court
In December 2019, Governor Phil Scott appointed Cohen to serve as an associate justice of the Vermont Supreme Court, succeeding Marilyn Skoglund. He was sworn into office on December 20, 2019.
Family
In 1990, Cohen married Barbara Kinsman Buck. They are the parents of a daughter Alix, a resident of San Francisco, and a son, Robert, a resident of Killington, Vermont.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
People from Rutland (city), Vermont
George Washington University alumni
Vermont Law School alumni
Vermont lawyers
Vermont state court judges
Justices of the Vermont Supreme Court
20th-century American judges
21st-century American judges
The Bolivian warbling finch (Poospiza boliviana) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
References
Bolivian warbling finch
Birds of the Bolivian Andes
Bolivian warbling finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Lookout (, translit. Shuroo) is a 1990 Israeli comedy film directed by Savi Gabizon. It stars Moshe Ivgy, Moshe Ferster, and Keren Mor. The film is about a "small-time con man who becomes a guru". Critically acclaimed, it won the Ophir Award for Best Film and garnered numerous Best Actor awards for Ivgy at the Israeli Academy Awards and Haifa Film Festival. It was submitted by Israel to the Academy Awards.
Cast
Shmuel Edelman
Moshe Ferster as Moshe
Sharon Hacohen
Moshe Ivgy
Ezra Kafri
Keren Mor as Shimrit
Reception
The film was submitted by Israel for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 63rd Academy Awards, but was not selected.
See also
List of submissions to the 63rd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Israeli submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
"The Lookout" - The full film is available on VOD on the website for the Israel Film Archive - Jerusalem Cinematheque
1990 films
Israeli comedy films
1990 comedy films
1990s Hebrew-language films
Consideration is the central concept in the common law of contracts and is required, in most cases, for a contract to be enforceable. Consideration is the price one pays for another's promise. It can take a number of forms: money, property, a promise, the doing of an act, or even refraining from doing an act. In broad terms, if one agrees to do something he was not otherwise legally obligated to do, it may be said that he has given consideration. For example, Jack agrees to sell his car to Jill for $100. Jill's payment of $100 (or her promise to do so) is the consideration for Jack's promise to give Jill the car, and Jack's promise to give Jill the car is consideration for Jill's payment of $100.
Elements of consideration
The Restatement (Second) of Contracts states that the elements of consideration are as follows:
An example of this is renting of apartment. The landlord and tenant come together to discuss the terms of the exchange (most of the time, the leasing is outlined in a contract). Thus, they have fulfilled the first requirement of consideration. To meet the second element, there must be a mutual exchange. In this case, the landlord provides housing, while the tenant provides rent payment. Third, the bargain terms must be of value. The apartment is worth what the tenant hands over each month. Therefore, this contract has met its consideration requirement, because it fits all elements of consideration.
Lack of Consideration
Past consideration is not valid. Something that is already done is done, and it does not change the legal position of the promisor. Any goods or services to be exchanged must be exchanged at or after the time of contract formation.
Preexisting duty does not count as consideration.
An illusory promise, or one which the promisor actually has no obligation to keep, does not count as consideration. The promise must be real and unconditional. This doctrine rarely invalidates contracts; it is a fundamental doctrine in contract law that courts should try to enforce contracts whenever possible. Accordingly, courts will often read implied-in-fact or implied-in-law terms into the contract, placing duties on the promisor. For instance, if a promisor promises to give away a third of his earnings for the year and earns nothing, he has no actual obligation to do anything.
Exceptions to the Consideration Requirement
Modern contract theory has also permitted remedies on alternative theories such as promissory estoppel. Also, modifications to existing lease agreements (as opposed to the creation of a new lease agreement) do not require consideration, nor do modifications to existing sale contracts Furthermore a promise to perform a moral obligation—the classic example is of a promise to support a person injured while coming to the rescue of the promisor—is enforceable provided the promissee was harmed in conferring a benefit on the promisor and the promise is not disproportionate to the benefit. The promise to pay a debt discharged by bankruptcy, the promise to perform a conditional responsibility despite the nonoccurrence of the condition, and the promise to perform on a voidable contract form a category of moral obligations that can bind in the absence of consideration.
Contract modification
Service contracts and, in the United States, other contracts not governed by the Uniform Commercial Code, generally require consideration to modify a contract (because of what is called the pre-existing duty rule).
Theories of Consideration
There are two common theories that attempt to explain consideration. The first is "benefit-detriment theory," in which a contract must be either to the benefit of the promisor or to the detriment of the promisee to constitute consideration (though detriment to the promisee is the essential and invariable test of the existence of a consideration rather than whether it can be constituted by benefit to the promisor). The second is "bargain theory," in which the parties subjectively view the contract to be the product of an exchange or bargain. Bargain theory has largely replaced benefit-detriment theory in modern contract theory, but judges often cite both and may use both models in their decisions. These theories usually overlap; in standard contracts, such as a contract to buy a car, there will be both an objective benefit and detriment. However, there are certain contracts which satisfy one but not the other. For instance, a deal in which the promisee feels subjectively relieved, but has not actually gained any legal rights, might satisfy the bargain theory but not the benefit-detriment theory. Alternatively, a deal in which an actor takes detrimental actions possibly in reaction to an offer, without having viewed the deal as a bargain, would not be viewed as a contract under the law.
The main purpose of the shift from benefit-detriment to bargain theory is to avoid inquiries into whether consideration is adequate. For example, if a person promised you their car for $1.00 because they needed to get rid of it, then the $1.00 might seem adequate. However, if it were your birthday and your friend wrote down "I give you my car in consideration of one dollar," this same consideration would not seem adequate. Thus whether $1.00 is consideration does not depend on the benefit received but whether the $1.00 had actually been bargained for.
In some jurisdictions, contracts calling for such nominal or "peppercorn" consideration will be upheld unless a particular contract is deemed unconscionable. However, in other jurisdictions, the court will reject "consideration" that had not been truly bargained for. Occasionally the courts in these jurisdictions may refer to "adequate" or "valuable" consideration, but in reality the court is not examining the adequacy of consideration, but whether it had been bargained for. The traditional notion that courts won't look into the adequacy of consideration, an ancient notion in the English common law, doesn't square with the benefit-detriment theory (in which courts are implicitly analyzing if the parties are receiving a sufficient benefit) but does square with the bargain theory (in which only the subjective intentions of the parties are considered).
Purposes of Consideration
There are three main purposes cited for the consideration requirement. The first is the cautionary requirement - parties are more likely to look before they leap when making a bargain than when making an off-the-cuff promise of a gift. The second is the evidentiary requirement - parties are more likely to commemorate, or at least remember, a promise made due to a bargaining process. The third is the channeling requirement - parties are more likely to coherently stipulate their specific desires when they are forced to bargain for them. Each of these rationales ensure that contracts are made by serious parties and are not made in error.
See also
US contract law
English contract law
Consideration in English law
Notes
References
AL Corbin, 'The Effect of Options on Consideration' (1925) 34(6) Yale Law Journal 571-590
United States contract law
Lobosh Buttress (, ) is the ice-covered buttress rising to 1188 m in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, east of the upper course of Boydell Glacier. The feature has precipitous, mostly ice-free west slopes, and surmounts Boydell Glacier to the west and south.
The peak is named after the settlement of Lobosh in Western Bulgaria.
Location
Lobosh Buttress is located at , which is 15.17 km southwest of Povien Bluff, 7.11 km west by south of Petkov Nunatak, 3.12 km northwest of the summit of Kopito Ridge, 5.18 km north-northeast of Mureno Peak and 8.34 km east-northeast of Seydol Crag.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR), 1993–2016.
Notes
References
Lobosh Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Lobosh Buttress. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Trinity Peninsula
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Francis Addington Symonds (1893 – 1971) was a British editor and writer who wrote under the pen-names Earle Danesford, 'Howard Steele and F.A Symonds. He was Founder-Editor of The Champion in 1922, and he later edited Rocket, Pluck, and Young Britain. He also wrote several Sexton Blake stories for the Union Jack and The Sexton Blake Library.
Life
Not much is known about Symonds private life. In 1921 he wrote his first Sexton Blake story. The story proved popular and he continued to write Blake tales throughout the 1920s, adding unique characters to the saga including Claire Delisle, The Raven, Dr. Queed, and Vedax the Dwarf.
In the late 1920s and early 1930s he published articles and short stories under the pen-name Earle Danesford, a name he subsequently used for stories featuring detective Gable Keen. With Alfred Edgar, and under the name of 'Howard Steele', he resurrected Panther Grayle, a detective created by Jack Lancaster for the Empire Library in 1910. The character was assisted by a reformed 17-year-old delinquent named Dusty.
After World War II he published several non-fiction works, mostly of to teach yourself a skill variety.
His most popular detective work wase Murder of Me (1946), the account of a murder told from the victim's perspective. The description on the back read: "In any case of murder only two people can possibly know the whole truth - the murderer and his victim. The former keeps his secret, and dead men tell no tales - But do they? Here is one who, though dead, yet breaks the silence and in his post-mortem autobiography guides his daughter in her quest for the identity of his murderer." - "This is a story of death, written by the dead - can you solve the mystery?"
Smile and Murder (1954) was equally well received. The description on the back read: Who did not kill Clare Hale? The question, like this novel, is a variation of the old theme of “whodunit” and Julian Drew, who came to know everything provides the answer–or does he? Urbane and cynical, the seemingly detached spectator of all that goes on in Overton Lodge, he describes each incident leading up to the exciting climax.
Then Detective Inspector Charles Heriot takes over and suggests a different and even more surprising answer. Both are right–and wrong. Neither probes the ultimate secret... If you are a hardened crime-story fan, you may feel, as you follow the twists and turns of the story, that you are at least one jump ahead of the author. But it doesn't do to be sure.
He published his last series, a three part saga featuring Superintendent Maxwell Quayne in the early 1960s.
List of Works
Sexton Blake Stories
The Golden Casket (1921)
The Iron Claw (1921)
The Valley of Fear (1921)
The Raven's Prey (1921)
The Case of the Chinese Hypnotist (1921)
The Affair of the Exiled Princess (1921)
The Raven and the Ruby (1921)
The Grey Parrot (1921)
The Case of the Twisted Trail (1922)
The Red Dwarf (1922)
By Order of the Soviet (1925)
The Case of the Golden Stool (1925)
Out of the Fog (1926)
The Case of the Hold Up-King (1927)
The Man from Australia (1928)
Sexton Blake Collections
The Claire Delisle Files (2022)
Gable Keen Series
Words and Music (1930)
The Riddle of the Phantom Crime (1930)
A Chinese Puzzle (1930)
A Trip to Mars (1930)
The Riddle of the Hat (1930)
The Mystery of the Black Shapes (1930)
The Deductions of Gable Keen (1931)
Get-His-Man Keen (1931)
Superintendent Maxwell Quayne
Stone Dead (1961)
Death Goes Window Shopping (1961)
Spotlight on Murder (1962)
Other Novels
Aftermaths (1924)
Oil of Cloves (1924)
Prerogative of Mercy (1925)
Backwoods Treasure (1925)
Broken Trails (1926)
Foes of the Footlights (1926)
The Treasure Trap (1926)
Nine Hours More (1926)
Broken Trails (1926)
The Brother of Sleep (1927)
Ghost Island (1928)
The Rolling Stone (1930)
The Nightmare Planet (1930)
The Secret of the Swamp Country (1936)
The House of Riddles (1939)
Murder of Me (1946)
Portrait of the Accused (1954)
Smile and Murder (1954)
Non-fiction
Teach Yourself Shorthand : an exposition of the Gregg system for self-tuition (1943)
Teach Yourself Personal Efficiency (1949)
Teach Yourself Commercial Correspondence (1949)
The Johannesburg Story (1953)
Christianity in Action : Real Life Stories of Ordinary People Who Have Demonstrated the Power of Christian Faith in Practice (1955)
John Robert Gregg, the Man and His Work (1963)
References
External links
Isssues of The Champion at Comicbooksplus.
Francis Addington Symonds at The FictionMags Index
Panther Grayle at The Encyclopedia of Pulp Heroes
English crime fiction writers
1893 births
1971 deaths
British boys' story papers
British male novelists
20th-century English male writers
Authors of Sexton Blake
Little Flower Church, Kaprassery is a Syro-Malabar Catholic Church, in the village of Kaprassery, India. It is dedicated to Saint Thérèse of Lisieux. It is located close to the Cochin International Airport.
Parish
About the Parish
The Little Flower Church, Kaprassery is under the Ernakulam Angamaly Arch Diocese and Rev. Fr. Paul Kottackal (Sr.) is the present vicar of the parish. He belongs to OSH congregation and previously worked as assistant vicar at Angamaly Basilica. There are about 230 families under the parish.
History
Before this church, Kaprasserians depended on Akaparambu Catholic Church for their religious practices. Later than directed by the vicar of Agaparambu Church, a tutor started visiting Kaprassery for teaching catechism. Then a chapel was built for Sunday school teaching. Gradually it became a Christian religious center with a small group of people from the areas of Kaprassery, and many surrounding areas. With the arrival of Fr. James Chaveli, a new church has been constructed at the center of Kaprassery village. With the donations and effort of many people, they constructed a new church.
Syro-Malabar Religious Houses In the Parish
CMC Udhayabhavan
This is the only religious house that comes in the Little Flower Church boundary. It is run by CMC sisters. The house is known as CMC Udhayabhavan convent. There are about ten regular sisters and many often visits the house. This house is under the Andhra Province of CMC sisters and it is considered as a transit house due to the closeness to the International airport, railway stations and bus terminals.
Organisations/Activities
Catechism
Since Catechism is considered as the primary and integral part of the parish, it is given a prominent role in the church. The Catechism classes are conducted for all students from first standard and 12th standard and it is affiliated to Department of Catechises and Moral Education of Ernakulam Angamaly Archdiocese. These students are divided into six sections. They are: Pre communion, Communion, Post communion, Pre confirmation, Confirmation and Youth. Further they are divided into different classes. Presently there are more than 250 students in the church who undergo their faith formation through Catechism. Under the guidance of parish priests, headmaster and animator around ten teachers act as faith formers during these Sunday classes.
K.C.Y.M
This is a chapter of state level youth organization which focuses on empowerment of catholic youth from Kerala. Being a youth led movement it aims at creating a synergy between youth culture and spiritual values. It is important during this time as the society seeks to empower the youth to be able to integrate spiritual values such as love, service and compassion into the modern lifestyle of today's youth. The organization takes an active part in all parish activities and cultural programs conducted by the Church.
L.F. Conference (Vincent De Paul)
This is the Kaprassery Chapter of international Roman Catholic voluntary organization dedicated to tackling poverty and disadvantage by providing direct practical assistance to anyone in need; addressing social and material needs in all its many forms.
Major Festivals
Little Flower Parish fiesta
Parish fiesta days in Kaprassery brings a hundred and one memories; some happy and some sad. It reminds of the well decorated and illuminated face of parish church, old and familiar faces of parishioners and people in the distant beyond, some lost and half forgotten.
Parish was established in the year 1976. It is named Little Flower Church after the Saint Therese of Lisieux (LittleFlower).
Kaprassery celebrates its parish fiesta every first weekend of February in honour of her patroness Saint Therese of Lisieux (Little Flower) and of Saint Sebastian. This most awaited weekend is preceded by nine days evening novena and holy mass. These days, you will find the pious and devoted Kaprasserians offering their prayers, thank giving for the blessings granted upon their family and nation by the loving God with the intercession of our Lady.
The celebration is doubly blessed and become more significant in the parish church which has been the center of the life of a Kaprasserian. By the end of ninth day, folks decorate their frontage of house and village roads with tender coconut leaves and with the plantain trunk. Soon the much awaited weekend arrives and celebration begins by hosting papal flag in front of the church and holy mass follows. Later in the evening parishioners comes up with a bunch of beautiful cultural programs and the real celebration begins as each and every devotee and guest is welcomed in the heart and homes of village folks in the unique charm and Kaprassery hospitality. Saturday procession, after celebrating the holy mass, is something everyone participates with a lot of devotion and pride.
The sharing of laughters, all the eating and the drinking! What a weekend! But by Sunday evening, the host smiles with pride and joy for another merry making that had soon come to pass. Once again memories are made in the hearts of each Kaprasserians. The activities are set through the leadership of parish priest and parish fest committee.
Onanilavu
It is an annual cultural show organised by Kerala Catholic Youth Movement Kaprassery Chapter (K.C.Y.M.), as a part of Onam celebrations. It is a platform for all the Kaprasserians to showcase their talents and also to be a part of delicious cultural fiesta. It is organised at Little Flower Church Parish Hall.
The Holy Rosary Month
Kaprasserians are popular for their devotion towards Mother Mary. Just like all the Catholics around the world, they spent October as the month of the Holy Rosary. They start the month with daily family unit level Rosary meetings at various homes in the evening. Towards the end of the month, exactly, for the last ten days, they all come together at the parish in the evening for the Holy Mass and the Holy Rosary thereafter. On the last day youth of the parish, under the leadership of K.C.Y.M., leads the holy rosary and everyone part after a love treat arranged by youth at parish hall. During these ten days K.C.Y.M. organizes a Marian Quiz competition for the parish families, with the objective to enable the devotees to know more and stay close to Mother Mary.
Gallery
References
External links
"Incredible Kaprassery"
"Little Flower Church"
"Festival of Kaprassery"
"CMC Udaya Bhavan Convent"
"Parish at a Glance on Ernakulam Angamaly Archdiocese"
Churches in Ernakulam district
Syro-Malabar Catholic church buildings
Eastern Catholic churches in Kerala
Churches completed in 1976
Liometopum occidentale, also called the velvety tree ant, is a species of ant in the subfamily Dolichoderinae. Liometopum occidentale is often mistaken for carpenter ants (Camponotus spp.) by homeowners and pest management professionals. This mistaken identity is due to morphological and behavioral characteristics they share with carpenter ants; namely polymorphic workers, a smooth convex thoracic profile, and the tendency to excavate wood. Consequently, their importance as structural pests may be greatly underreported, especially in California, Oregon, and Washington, United States.
Taxonomy
Liometopum occidentale was originally described as Liometopum microcephalum var. occidentale by . relocated it to a variety of Liometopum apiculatum. It was finally elevated to the species level by and remained there in a recent taxonomic review by Del Toro et al. (2009).
Habitat
Liometopum occidentale is found from sea level to over 1840 m in coastal regions from southern Washington to northern Mexico. The range of elevation of this species also appears to depend on latitude with ants collected from locations in Oregon as low as 7 m and up to 1700 m in California. They are the most common and dominant ant in oak and pine forests of southwestern U.S. They prefer to nest in the crevices of oaks, alders, elms, cottonwoods, and creosote, in soil, underneath bark of dead trees.
Colonies
After finding no aggression between workers collected from significant distances apart and no territorial boundary, speculated that L. occidentale colonies are large and polydomous. Since they never found brood or queens, it is uncertain whether there are multiple queens within a nest, or whether each queen has some localized "sphere of exclusivity." and it just seems unlikely that there could be just one queen that produces enough eggs to establish a colony that is one kilometer wide, they also speculated that L. occidentale are polygyne. Colonies have been estimated to contain between 40,000 and 60,000 workers. Colony foundation of this species has not been studied as well as it has with the other two North American species.
Nests
Liometopum occidentale typically nest in soil, crevices of trees, and under the bark of dead trees. However, were never found by leading to the speculation nests must lie deep under large boulders or among roots of large trees. To better understand the structure of their nests, more nests need to be excavated.
Feeding
Liometopum occidentale are opportunistic omnivores and can often be found tending hemipterans and carrying prey insects back to the nest. They readily attend hemipterans and are found in citrus groves, but their role in disrupting biological control has not been determined. Their feeding preferences need to be studied to enable the development of an effective bait for pest control purposes.
Foraging activity
Liometopum occidentale form massive foraging trails that extend 60 m or more from the nest, and can even be observed on hot days with temperatures between 24 and 38 °C. observed L. occidentale traveling mostly underground in very shallow galleries (1–2 cm deep), or in leaf litter, however, we have also observed massive above ground trails. According to , L. occidentale in natural environments forage an area as large as 2,000 m2, but they only utilize between 486 and 1198 m2 (740 m2 average) of this area at any one time. This means that they are only using between 33 and 68% of this area, more than twice that of L. apiculatum.
Reproduction
Nuptial flight of L. occidentale reproductives have been observed throughout May. The annual productivity for a colony (40,000 to 60,000 workers) of this species is 2 to 2.8 kg of brood per year for 4–8 years. Workers housed without a queen will also lay unfertilized eggs that are eaten or develop into males.
References
External links
Dolichoderinae
Insects described in 1895
Hymenoptera of North America
Edible insects
Slamscape is a video game developed and published by Viacom New Media for Windows and the PlayStation. The game features an original soundtrack by God Lives Underwater.
Gameplay
Slamscape is a game in which the players search an arena for hidden orbs while dealing with enemy creatures.
Reception
Next Generation reviewed the PlayStation version of the game, rating it one star out of five, and stated that "Definitely not for hardcore gamers, this title is for those who don't know any better."
Reviews
GameFan #47 (Vol 4, Issue 11) 1996 November
PC Gamer (1997 February)
Game.EXE #3 (Mar 1997)
Official UK PlayStation Magazine - 1997
GameSpot - Nov 07, 1996
GameSpot - Dec 01, 1996
Computer Gaming World - Jan, 1997
Computer Games Magazine - 1997
PC Player (Germany) - Apr, 1997
References
1996 video games
God Lives Underwater
PlayStation (console) games
Third-person shooters
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Mr Soul of Jamaica is an album by Jamaican rocksteady singer Alton Ellis. It contains twelve tracks recorded between 1967 and 1970 at Duke Reid's Treasure Isle Recording Studios in Kingston, Jamaica and was produced by Reid and released on his Treasure Isle label in 1974. Although this was his only album for the label, Ellis had already been a star musician in Jamaica from the early 1960s onwards, having recorded for Coxsone Dodd's Studio One label before moving to Treasure Isle, and the album is a compilation of some of his Treasure Isle singles, although some of his biggest hits including "Rock Steady", "Girl I've Got a Date" and "Cry Tough" were left off it.
In May 2013 the album was reissued as an expanded 2-CD set titled Mr Soul of Jamaica/The Greatest Hits, featuring the other singles Ellis recorded for Treasure Isle with his band the Flames from 1964 onwards, plus the extended disco mixes of some of the tracks that were released on Jamaica's High Note label in the 1970s.
Track listing
All songs written and composed by Alton Nehemiah Ellis except where indicated.
Side one
"Breaking Up" – 3:02
"Why Birds Follow Spring" – 2:27
"I Can't Stop Now" – 3:24
"Ain't That Loving You" (Allen Avoid Jones Jr., Homer Banks) – 2:43
"You Make Me Happy" (Berry Gordy Jnr., Brenda Holloway, Frank Edward Wilson, Patrice Yvonne Holloway) – 2:55
"Remember That Sunday" (Ellis, Edgar Clinton Gordon, Winston Jarrett) – 2:55
Side two
"All My Tears Come Rolling" – 2:46
"Baby I Love You" – 2:21
"Chatty Chatty" – 2:22
"Willow Tree" (Robert Elgin, Kay Rogers, Luther Dixon) – 2:44
"If I Could Rule the World" – 2:29
"What Does It Take" (Harvey Fuqua, Johnny Bristol, Vernon Bullock) – 3:19
Note: The original 1974 release of the album contains several errors in the track titles, which were corrected on the 2013 reissue.
2013 Mr Soul of Jamaica/The Greatest Hits 2-CD reissue
CD1
"Breaking Up" – 2:57
"Why Birds Follow Spring" – 2:30
"I Can't Stop Now" – 3:20
"Ain't That Loving You" (Allen Avoid Jones Jr., Homer Banks) – 2:45
"You Made Me So Very Happy" (Berry Gordy Jnr., Brenda Holloway, Frank Edward Wilson, Patrice Yvonne Holloway) – 2:53
"Remember That Sunday" (Ellis, Edgar Clinton Gordon, Winston Jarrett) – 2:34
"All My Tears (Come Rolling)" – 2:40
"Baby I Love You (Oowee Baby)" – 2:26
"Chatty Chatty People" – 2:19
"My Willow Tree" (Robert Elgin, Kay Rogers, Luther Dixon) – 2:41
"If I Could Rule the World" – 2:23
"What Does It Take (To Win Your Love)" (Harvey Fuqua, Johnny Bristol, Vernon Bullock) – 3:16
Bonus tracks:
<li>"Why Did You Leave Me" (Barry Llewellyn, Earl Morgan, Leroy Anthony Sibbles) – 2:36
<li>"I Can't Stand It" (Gloria Rose) – 2:40
<li>"La La Means I Love You" (Thomas Randolph Bell, William A. Hart) – 3:07
<li>"Diana" (Paul Anka) – 2:36
<li>"Personality" (Harold Logan, Lloyd Price) – 2:08
<li>"Trying to Reach My Goal" (Edward S. Thomas Jr.) – 2:14
<li>"Pumping In" – 2:36
<li>"Black Man's Word" – 2:48
CD2
"Something You've Got" (Chris Kenner) – 2:37
"Dance Crasher" (Ellis, Gordon, Jarrett) – 2:38
"A - You're Adorable" (Buddy Kaye, Fred Wise, Sidney Lippman) – 2:41
"Honey I Love" – 2:59
"Don't Trouble People" – 2:56
"The Preacher" – 2:11
"Blessings of Love" – 2:24
"Shake It" – 2:44
"Girl I've Got a Date" (Ellis, Coxsone Dodd) – 2:28
"How Can I" (John Kenneth Holt) – 2:52
"Cry Tough" (Ellis, Gordon, Jarrett) – 2:13
"Rock Steady" (Ellis, Brian Anthony Burrell Atkinson) – 2:57
"Duke of Earl" (Bernice Williams, Earl G. Edwards Sr., Eugene Drake Dixon) - 3:19
Bonus tracks:
<li>"Breaking Up" (Extended Mix) – 6:05
<li>"I Can't Stop Now" (Extended Mix) – 5:23
<li>"You Make Me Happy" (Extended Mix) (Gordy, B. Holloway, P. Holloway, Wilson) – 7:02
<li>"Remember That Sunday" (Extended Mix) (Ellis, Gordon, Jarrett) – 3:54
<li>"Baby I Love You (Oowee Baby)" (Extended Mix) – 6:08
<li>"If I Could Rule the World" (Extended Mix) – 6:09
<li>"I Can't Stand It" (Extended Mix) (Rose) – 6:48
Personnel
Alton Ellis – vocals
The Flames – backing vocals
Tommy McCook & the Supersonics – instrumental backing
Duke Reid – production
Errol Brown, Carlton Hamil – engineering
References
Alton Ellis albums
1974 albums
Cretothyrea optanda is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Cretothyrea.
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
James Matthew Craig (born 2 March 1977, Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish former international rugby union player.
He was capped four times between 1997 and 2001 for . He also played for the amateur club West of Scotland and professionally for the provincial side Glasgow Warriors.
James Craig is the son of Jim Craig, who played football for Celtic FC, and was capped for the Scotland national football team in 1967.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1977 births
Living people
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Rugby union players from Glasgow
West of Scotland FC players
Glasgow Warriors players
Rugby union wings
Govindgiri, also known as Govind Guru, (1858–1931) was a social and religious reformer in the early 1900s in the adivasi-dominated border areas of present-day Rajasthan and Gujarat states in India. He is seen as having popularized the Bhagat movement, which was first started in the 18th century.
Early life
Govindgiri was born in a Banjara family in the village of Bansiya (Hindi: बाँसिया) in Dungarpur State (now in Rajasthan). He gave himself a primary education with the help of a pujari in his village. He is reported to have been a hali (a 'hali has been described as a worker "not employed at their own convenience but maintained as permanent estate servants, and not regarded to be in a position to resign services"). His wife and child reportedly died in the famine of 1900, after which he moved into the neighbouring Sunth State. There, Govindgiri married his brother's widow and, soon after, became the disciple of a Hindu monk (gosain) Rajgiri; in honor of Rajgiri, Vinda changed his name into Govindgiri. Around 1909 he returned to Dungarpur State with his wife and children, to the village of Vedsa.
Activism
Social and religious positions
Govindgiri engaged himself in "improving the moral character, habits, and religious practices" of the adivasis. He organized the sampa sabha (Hindi: सम्प सभा) with the intent of serving the adivasi people. Govindgiri preached monotheism, observance of temperance, forsaking crimes, following agriculture, giving up beliefs in superstition, etc. He called upon adivasis to adopt the more of the upper castes and "to behave like sahukars" (moneylenders). Drawing on the ritual practices of the Shaivite sect Dashanami Panth, Govindgiri encouraged his followers to tend a dhuni (fire pit) and hoist a nishan (flag) outside their houses.
On the matter of women's rights, Govindgiri critiqued upper-caste treatment of women and argued that adivasi practices were much better for women. He declared Rajputs and Brahmins inferior in this respect because they degraded women, citing the Rajput custom of female infanticide and the Rajput and Brahmin prohibition against widow remarriage.
Political positions
Govindgiri's teachings were originally aimed at social and religious reform but he gradually "developed a strong critique of hierarchy and exploitation" of the adivasis by ruling classes. He advised the adivasis that their destitution was caused by princely rulers and jagirdars. Govindgiri preached that Bhils were the rightful owners of the land and they also the right to rule over it. He envisioned the establishment of a Bhil Raj (Bhil state) in the hills of Sunth and Banswara states, restoring a Bhil kingdom that existed eight hundred years back.
Support and opposition
Within a short time, Govindgiri garnered a large following among the adivasis in the states of Sunth, Banswara, Dungarpur and the British districts of Panch Mahals. He faced active opposition from the rulers of the states in which he preached. Reasons cited for the opposition include decreased revenues from liquor sales (because of Govindgiri forbidding liquor to his disciples) and the subversion of the ruler's authority because of Govindgiri's growing influence.
First arrest and release
Govindgiri's activities after 1907 received opposition from state officials and liquor contractors, and the Dungarpur State arrested him in late-1912 or early-1913. The state accused him of deceiving his followers, confiscated his savings and pressured him to stop his movement by imprisoning his wife and child (or children). However, he was released in April 1913 without being tried and ordered to leave Dungarpur State.
Events at Mangadh
Govindgiiri was imprisoned by the ruler of Dungarpur but, apprehending a commotion among the adivasi people, released in April 1913 and exiled from Dungarpur state. Between then and October 1913, Govindgiri moved from one village to another under harassment by local rulers. After an attempt by the ruler of Idar State to capture Govindgiri while he was in the Idar territory, Govindgiri and his adherents formed a defensive position at Mangadh, a hillock on the borders of the former states of Banswara and Sunth State.
On 31 October 1913, Govindgiri adherents captured a couple of police personnel of the Sunth State who were sent up the hill for reconnaissance. On 1 November 1913, the adherents attempted an unsuccessful attack on the Parbatgadh fort in Sunth State and looted the village of Brahm in Banswara state. Apprehending danger, local rulers sought British assistance, and the Mangadh was besieged by a combined force consisting of Imperial Service Troops and the British Indian Army, including the Mewar Bhil Corps and soldiers from the states of Banswara, Dungarpur, Sunth and Baria.
On 17 November 1913, the force attacked Mangarh, an action in which "several Bhils died" and Govindgiri and his lieutenant Dhirji Punja were captured.
Aftermath
Those arrested at Mangadh were tried on 2 February 1914 before a special tribunal consisting of one Major Gough and one Major Allison, I.C.S. Govindgiri was sentenced to be hanged, Punja Pargi (a lieutenant of Govindgiri) sentenced to life imprisonment, and the rest to three years of imprisonment. On appeal, Govindgiri's sentence was reduced to life imprisonment, Pargi's sentence was confirmed, and the sentences of the rest of the accused were reduced to six months of imprisonment. Punja Dhirji was sentenced to life imprisonment and sent to the Andaman Cellular Jail where he died after some years.
Later life
Govindgiri did not serve the entire terms of life imprisonment, but was released from prison in Hyderabad in 1919 on condition he would not participate in political activities. He was also prohibited from entering several princely states.
Until his death on 30 October 1931, he lived in Kamboi near Limbdi in present-day Panchmahal district of Gujarat.
Recognition
Govind Guru Samadhi Mandir, a memorial shrine at Kamboi, is visited by his followers. Govind Guru Smriti Van, a botanical garden named after him, was opened by the Government of Gujarat on 31 July 2012. His grandson Man Singh was felicitated by the Chief Minister of Gujarat Narendra Modi in presence of more than 80,000 tribals.
Shri Govind Guru University in Godhra, established in 2015, is named after him.
References
1858 births
1931 deaths
Adivasi
Hindu reformers
Indian activists
Indian social reformers
People from Rajasthan
Place of death missing
A Nation is Built is a 1938 Australian documentary directed by Frank Hurley.
References
External links
A Nation is Built at Australian Screen Online
A Nation is Built at Oz Movies
1938 films
Australian documentary films
Australian black-and-white films
1938 documentary films
Stefano Desideri (born 3 July 1965) is an Italian football coach and a former professional player who played as a midfielder.
Desideri was born in Rome, and played for Italy at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Honours
Roma
Coppa Italia: 1985–86, 1990–91
External links
Stefano Desideri – Player profile
1965 births
Living people
Footballers from Rome
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Italy under-21 international footballers
Olympic footballers of Italy
Footballers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Italian football managers
Piacenza Calcio 1919 players
A.S. Roma players
Inter Milan players
Udinese Calcio players
U.S. Livorno 1915 players
Pol. Monterotondo Lupa players
The Roy Grounds House, at 24 Hill Street, Toorak in Melbourne, Australia, was designed by Sir Roy Grounds as his own home for his wife Betty and himself. It is celebrated as one of the most outstanding works of modernist domestic architecture of the mid 20th century in Victoria, a time of great experimentation, and one of the most notable designs by Roy Grounds, one of the most well known and influential modern architects in Victoria.
Description
The house is an exercise in pure platonic geometries in plan, a perfectly circular glass walled courtyard within a square of solid brick walls, broken only by the front door (and a back door to the kitchen). A broad flat roof with wide eaves floats above the external wall on continuous highlight windows. Internally the rooms are divided by radial walls, which stop short of the courtyard, the focus of the house.
There are four flats behind the house that reach down the block, the first being a smaller single level studio unit, while the other three are matching larger double storey two bedroom units. These three step towards the driveway, allowing easy access to undercover parking, and increasingly larger courtyard gardens. While they do not have the geometry or oriental repose of the main house, they include distinctive features such as the angled carport walls, small slatted balconies, and a double height main space, with double storey window wall facing the courtyard gardens.
Significance
The complete focus on the internal courtyard, creates an inward looking, almost eastern character. This oriental influence continues to the external design, with strong solid walls, topped by projecting eaves floating above the highlight windows, and a single central large door with oversized knocker. The original planting of the courtyard with persimmon and bamboo also displays an eastern influence.
The house is one of series by Roy Grounds built in the same year that explored pure geometric shapes; this house was square, the Henty House in Frankston was circular, while the Leyser House in Kew was an elevated triangle.
The Roy Grounds House is one of the most well known Mid Century Modernist houses in Melbourne. It received the only award granted in 1954, the Victorian Architecture Medal, which in turn was the only award granted between the awards ceasing in 1942 and restarting in 1964. in 1989 it was one of about 30 houses representing the range of Victorian house styles that were featured as models in the exhibition 'Home Sweet Home: Changes in Victorian Domestic Architecture, 1839-1989' staged by the Royal Australian Institute of Architects and the Museum of Victoria in 1989. In 2001 it was added to the Victorian Heritage Register. The house is considered a prototype for Grounds' design for the National Gallery of Victoria (NGV) in 1959, which also features a rectangular masonry volume, central door, highlight windows with a floating roof, and central courtyards. Since the mid 2000s the house has been rediscovered and elements restored, and is a widely known and celebrated, with owners passionate about its significance.
Gallery
Footnotes
External links
Collection of architectural drawings for the architects own courtyard house at 24 Hill Street Toorak and four adjoining flats by Roy Grounds, Roy Grounds,Roy Burman Grounds Sir 1905-1981, State Library of Victoria. Found here
Australian Dictionary of Biography entry for Roy Grounds
List of works in Canberra by Canberra House here
Australian Institute of Architects assessment Grounds House and Flats
Model of house in Museums Victoria collection Architectural Model - Grounds House, Toorak, 1952-1953
Architecture of Melbourne
Houses in Melbourne
IQnovate is an Australian life sciences organization that provides intellectual property asset management services and scientific advice to the biopharmaceutical industry. The company is best known for providing services to government organizations and some of the world's largest biopharmaceutical organizations. IQnovate is listed on the National Stock Exchange of Australia under the ticker symbol IQN and on the OTC in New York under the symbol IQNDY.
IQnovate is headquartered in Sydney, Australia, and George Syrmalis is the company's current CEO.
History
IQnovate was founded by George Syrmalis. George Syrmalis created the company to provide pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device companies, financial institutions and academic and government organizations with advanced asset management and scientific advisory services. At the time of its founding, IQnovate was the only company in Australia providing such services.
IQnovate has been listed on Australian Securities Exchange since December 2011. At its IPO, the company had a market capitalization of $9.74 million.
Services
IQnovate's primary services include intellectual property asset management and consultation on scientific matters to members of the biopharmaceutical industry. The company also provides advisory services to financial institutions regarding investment strategies in the biotech sector. The company's staff consists of field-based medical science liaisons, specialty medical managers, medical communications, regulatory managers and pricing reimbursement experts.
IQnovate helps biopharmaceutical firms and other large organizations improve operational efficiency and regulatory compliance, hedge the risks associated with drug development and decrease development costs and time to market for new drugs. The company engages in all aspects of the drug life cycle, and it provides services on all relevant issues in the biopharmaceutical sector, including disease management, product launches, and medical practice guidelines.
References
External links
Official website
Companies established in 2011
Pharmaceutical industry in Australia
Sint-Maria-Lierde is a village which makes up part of the municipality of Lierde. It is located in the Denderstreek and in the Flemish Ardennes, the hilly southern part of the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Overview
The village was first mentioned as Lirda Sancte Marie in the late 12th century. Sint-Maria-Lierde was a small agricultural village situated in the north-east of the municipality. In 1840, a road nowadays known as N8 was constructed to the south. In 1867, the railway line Ghent–Geraardsbergen was constructed with a train station near the intersection with the road. The area around the train station started to develop, and was named Lierde after the station. In the 20th century, the village became mainly residential with a large proportion of commuters.
In 1977, the municipalities Deftinge, Hemelveerdegem, Sint-Maria-Lierde and Sint-Martens-Lierde were merged into Lierde.
The village's coat of arms shows a heart of Jesus beneath a crown. The arms were granted in 1818 and confirmed on 20 December 1840.
References
Gallery
External links
Lierde
Populated places in East Flanders
Former municipalities of East Flanders
Andrew Wang or Wang Hui-jun (; born 29 November 1945), usually cited as Andrew H. J. Wang, is a Taiwanese biochemist.
Biography
Wang earned a bachelor's and master's degree from National Taiwan University in 1967 and 1970, respectively. He then pursued a doctorate at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. He was a research scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology between 1974 and 1988, when he returned to UIUC as a faculty member. Wang returned to Taiwan in 2000 for a position at Academia Sinica. Wang is noted for his research into PTPN3-protein kinase 12 complex and has identified ICP11 as a DNA mimic protein.
Wang was elected a fellow of the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology and American Institute of Chemists in 1987. The next year, Wang was elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Wang's election as a member of Academia Sinica took place in 2000, and he became a fellow of The World Academy of Sciences in 2005.
Wang served as president of the Taiwan Society of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology between 2001 and 2004, the Biophysical Society of the Republic of China from 2001 to 2007, and the Taiwan Proteomics Society from 2003 and 2006. Wang was appointed one of three vice presidents of Academia Sinica under Wong Chi-huey in 2006. He was president of the Federation of Asian Oceanian Biochemists and Molecular Biologists between 2011 and 2013, and took office as president of the International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology in 2018. In October 2018, Wang was appointed inaugural director of the National Biotechnology Research Park, a position he took in an acting capacity.
References
1945 births
Living people
20th-century Taiwanese scientists
21st-century Taiwanese scientists
Taiwanese biochemists
Massachusetts Institute of Technology staff
Members of Academia Sinica
National Taiwan University alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty
Taiwanese expatriates in the United States
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
TWAS fellows
Presidents of the International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
The Gag Island rat or Niken's rat (Rattus nikenii) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is endemic to Gag Island in West Papua, Indonesia.
It was described in 2010 after studies found it to be distinct in anatomy and coloration from other Papuan Rattus species. Although it is only known from Gag Island, it could potentially also be found on other islands in the Raja Ampat chain.
Although its habitat is protected to an extent, it is threatened by nickel mining on Gag Island; due to this, it is classified as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List.
References
Rattus
Endemic fauna of New Guinea
Mammals of Western New Guinea
Rodents of Indonesia
Mammals described in 2010
Rodents of New Guinea
The Science Society of China (, 1915-1960) was a major science organization in the modern history of China. It was initiated by Chinese students at Cornell University in 1914, including P.C. King, H. C. Zen, Zhou Ren, Hsingfo Yang and later renamed Science Society of China. In 1915 it began publication in China of a major journal, Kexue (Science), which was patterned on the journal of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. In 1918 Science Society of China founded headquarters in Nanjing. In 1922 the Society established a major biological research laboratory in Nanjing. The Society devoted itself to the popularization of science, the improvement of science education, the standardization in Chinese translation of scientific vocabularies, and participation in international scientific meetings. It was the leading scientific organization in China prior to the establishment of government-sponsored Academia Sinica (1928) and Chinese Academy of Sciences (1949).
See also
History of science and technology in the People's Republic of China
History of science and technology in China
References
External links
Saving China through Science
Jia Sheng, The Origins of the Science Society of China, 1914-1937, Cornell University Ph.D. dissertation in History, 1995
Peter Buck, American Science and Modern China, Cambridge University Press, 1980
Scientific societies based in China
1915 establishments in China
Organizations established in 1915
Hall Prison () is a prison facility 5 kilometres southeast of Södertälje, Sweden. The prison is one of the largest in Sweden and is categorised as an A-prison.
History
The prison opened in 1940, although the old facility dates back to 1875.
On 28 July 2004, Tony Olsson, Daniel Maiorana, Alfred Sansiviero and Mahmoud Amaya managed to make a getaway from the prison.
References
External links
Anstalten Hall
Prisons in Sweden
Buildings and structures in Stockholm County
In Roman law, obligatio ex delicto is an obligation created as a result of a delict. While "delict" itself was never defined by Roman jurisprudents, delicts were generally composed of injurious or otherwise illicit actions, ranging from those covered by criminal law today such as theft (furtum) and robbery (rapina) to those usually settled in civil disputes in modern times such as defamation, a form of iniuria. Obligationes ex delicto therefore can be characterized as a form of private punishment, but also as a form of loss compensation.
Sources of obligationes ex delicto
The core source of obligationes ex delicto is a private delict (delicta privata); public delicts could not form such obligations. Separate delicts existed within civil and praetorian law: furtum, rapina, damnum iniuria datum and iniuria were civil delicts, while metus, dolus, fraus creditorum and servi corruptio were praetorian delicts of note. A person harmed as a result of such delict had a variety of actiones – legal actions they could use as a recourse. Those are generally divided into actiones poenales, used strictly to exact punishment on the offending party, actiones reipersecutoriae, used to demand compensation, and actiones mixtae, a combination of the two.
The actio most reflective of obligationes ex delicto is the first of the three. Actiones poenales were tied strictly to the offender's person and could not be introduced against the heirs of an offender. The victim's heir, however, was allowed to pursue action against the offender, so long as the delict was of a material character (iniuria, as a form of personal injustice, could generally only be pursued at the behest of the offended person themselves).
The actiones resulting in the formation of an obligatio ex delicto were strictly tied to the delict they were meant to address. In the cases of the aforementioned delicts, those were:
Actio furum manifesti and actio furtum nec manifesti – in cases of furtum, or theft. Theft was divided into manifestum (where the thief was caught in the act) and nec manifestum (where the theft was uncovered otherwise). The resulting obligation was to pay two times (in case of furtum nec manifestum) or four times (for furtum manifestum) the value of the stolen goods. Alongside this obligation, an obligation to return the stolen goods themselves (if possible) was simultaneously created.
Actio vi bonorum raptorum – in cases of rapina, or robbery. For most of Roman legal history, rapina was considered a form of furtum. Justinian, however, viewed it as a fourth delict of civil law. If found guilty, the offender was obligated to pay four times the value of the stolen goods - one fourth as compensation and three fourth as penalty.
Actio legis Aquiliae – in cases of damnum iniuria datum, or injury to property. This actio was compensatory in character if the offender did not object to their fault. Otherwise, if found guilty, the offender would be obligated to pay twice the value of the damaged item. This duality led to its classification as a mixed action.
Actio iniuriam aestimatoria – in cases of iniuria, which covered a variety of personal injury, from physical harm to slander and denigration. As a highly personal action, it could not be brought forward by anyone but the injured person themselves (in the case of familial relations, the head of the family was considered the victim indirectly, in cases where, for instance, his son or wife were injured) - not even by their heirs. The victim (or in cases of heavy injury, iniuria atrox - the praetor) set an estimate monetary value of the harm done, which set an upper bound for the judge's ruling. If the offender is found guilty, an obligation is made to pay the amount determined by the judge.
Actio doli – in cases of dolus, or purposeful deceit causing material loss. It was mostly compensatory - if found guilty, the offender was obligated to pay one time the damages of his actions. Actio doli could only be brought forward within a year of the delict occurring, and could not be brought against some persons, such as the victim's parents or persons of higher social class than the victim.
Actio quod metus causa – in cases of metus, or threat, specifically forcing one to partake in a legal transaction. It could not only be directed against the person making the threat, but all those who stand to gain from the forced transaction. If found guilty, the offender was obligated to pay four times the damages suffered. Actio quo metus causa could only be brought within a year of the delict occurring.
Actio Pauliana – in cases of fraus creditorum, or defrauding creditors. The aim of the actio - uniquely - was to invalidate transactions made to prevent creditors from collecting - it did not directly create an obligation for the debtor to pay, rather it allowed an existing obligation to be fulfilled.
Actio servi corrupti – in cases of servi corruptio, or "corrupting servants", by, for example, inciting them to rebel. If found guilty, the offender was obligated to pay twice the damages suffered. This actio did not expire and could be brought forward as long as the offender was alive.
Obligationes quasi ex delicto
Under Justinian, a separate category of obligations was designated, taking form from actions which were undesirable, but not so much (or were not as common) as to be classified as outright delicts. This included four quasi-delicts:
Iudex qui litem suam facit – the responsibility of a judge, specifically in cases of unjust proceedings. If a judge was found to have led proceedings incorrectly, they were considered to have brought the conflict onto themselves (litem suam facit) and therefore faced the same obligations as the offender in any given case.
Deiectum vel effusum – throwing objects or pouring liquids out of a building. Actio de deiectis vel effusis permitted persons harmed by such objects or liquids to seek compensation from the person inhabiting the housing from which the object (or liquid) was thrown. Personal involvement in the act itself was not required of the offender, separating this from the above mentioned actio legis Aquiliae. If a freeman died as a result of deiectum vel effusum, any citizen could bring forward an actio de deiectis vel effusis, making this a "popular action" (actio popularis). In practice, only family members were usually permitted to bring the actio forward, however.
Postium aut suspensum, or endangering traffic. This quasi-delict focused on objects, usually placed or suspended above public roads, that could endanger passersby. Actio de posito aut suspenso could be brought forward by any citizen, and obligated the owner of the endangering object to pay a fine to the claimant - it was therefore an actio popularis, but unlike the actio de deiectis vel effusis or more generally the actio iniuriam aestimatoria, the mere possibility of harm (endangerment) was cause enough for the action to be brought forward.
Owners of ships, taverns and stables (nauta, caupo, stabularius) were responsible for injuries of their patrons, such as theft or injury, if those injuries were caused by the persons employed by the owner - they are obligated to pay twice the damages. This is viewed as a form of punishing owners for bad employment practices.
References
Roman law
Latin legal terminology
Crème de cassis () (also known as Cassis liqueur) is a sweet, dark red liqueur made from blackcurrants.
Several cocktails are made with crème de cassis, including the popular wine cocktail, kir.
It may also be served as an after-dinner liqueur or as a frappé.
Ingredients
It is made from blackcurrants that are crushed and soaked in alcohol, with sugar subsequently added.
Origin and production
The modern version of the beverage first appeared in 1841, when it displaced "ratafia de cassis", which had been produced in prior centuries.
While crème de cassis is a specialty of Burgundy, it is also made in Anjou, England, Luxembourg, Alberta, Quebec and Tasmania.
The quality of crème de cassis depends upon the variety of fruit used, the content of the berries, and the production process. If it is labelled "Crème de Cassis de Dijon", one is guaranteed berries from the commune of Dijon.
In 1979, Germany attempted to restrict the import based on the alcohol content being too low. The Europe Court of Justice found this to be a breach of trade, in Rewe-Zentral AG v Bundesmonopolverwaltung für Branntwein.
In 2015, the new protected geographical indication (PGI) "Crème de Cassis de Bourgogne" was approved. Promoted by a syndicate of fruit producers and liqueurs companies from Burgundy, this "Crème de Cassis de Bourgogne" guarantees the Burgundian origin and the minimum quantity of berries used in its production, essentially the variety Noir de Bourgogne.
Sales
Nearly of crème de cassis are produced annually in France. It is consumed mostly in France but is also exported.
In popular culture
It is a favourite drink of the fictional detective Hercule Poirot.
References
French liqueurs
Berry liqueurs
MacPherson or Macpherson is a surname, meaning "son of the parson" in Scottish Gaelic. Notable people with the surname include:
In sports
Archie Macpherson (born 1937), Scottish football commentator
Bruce MacPherson (field hockey), Canadian field hockey player
Bryden Macpherson, Australian amateur golfer
Duncan MacPherson, ice hockey player
Gus MacPherson, Scottish footballer
Jeff MacPherson, driver in the CART Championship Car series
Michelle MacPherson, Canadian swimmer
In politics
Ben Macpherson (politician), Scottish politician
C. B. Macpherson, Canadian academic
Dean Macpherson, South African politician
Hector Macpherson, Sr. (1875–1970), Canadian-American agricultural economics professor and politician
Hector Macpherson, Jr. (1918–2015), American farmer and politician
James Ian Macpherson, British lawyer and politician
John Alexander MacPherson, Australian politician
John MacPherson (governor of India), Scottish administrator in India
John Thomas Macpherson (1872–1921), English politician
Malcolm MacPherson (1904–1971), Scottish politician
Murdoch MacPherson, Canadian politician
Niall Macpherson, 1st Baron Drumalbyn, Scottish politician
Nicholas Macpherson, British civil servant
Thomas Macpherson, 1st Baron Macpherson of Drumochter (1888–1965), Scottish politician
In music
Ben Macpherson, Australian musician
Christina Macpherson, Australian behind Waltzing Matilda
Fraser MacPherson, Canadian jazz musician
Greg MacPherson, Canadian singer-songwriter
Graham MacPherson, better known as Suggs, the lead singer of the English band Madness
Jim Macpherson, United States percussionist
Linda Lizotte-MacPherson, Canadian public servant
Sandy MacPherson, Canadian theatre organist
Donald Macpherson BEM was a Scottish bagpipe player, and one of the most successful competitive solo pipers of all time
In literature
James Alan McPherson, American essayist
James Macpherson, Scottish poet
Jay Macpherson, Canadian poet
In show business and news
Daniel MacPherson, Australian actor and television presenter
Don Macpherson, Canadian journalist
Duncan Macpherson, Canadian editorial cartoonist
Elle Macpherson, Australian supermodel and actress
Gordon Macpherson, Founder of Macpherson Menswear – Palmerston North, New Zealand.
Hector Macpherson (1851–1924), Scottish journalist and writer
Malcolm MacPherson (1943–2009), American journalist and author
Myra MacPherson, American journalist and author
Richard MacPherson, American actor
Others
Alexander Macpherson, English architect
Cluny MacPherson, Newfoundland medical doctor and inventor of the gas mask
Colin MacPherson, Scottish Roman Catholic Bishop of Argyll and the Isles from 1968 to 1990
Donald Macpherson (disambiguation), several people
Earle S. MacPherson, the Ford engineer who developed the MacPherson strut in the 1940s
Ewen MacPherson of Cluny, Scottish Jacobite
Fiona Macpherson, FRSE, MAE, Scottish Professor of Philosophy and Director of the Centre for the Study of Perceptual Experience, University of Glasgow
Hector Macpherson (astronomer) (1888–1956), Scottish clergyman and astronomer, son of Hector C. Macpherson
Ian MacPherson, Canadian historian
Jamie Macpherson, Scottish outlaw, famed for his lament
John Macferson, early 18th-century English pirate
Sir Macpherson Robertson, Australian philanthropist and entrepreneur
Robert Macpherson (disambiguation), multiple people
Colonel Ronald MacPherson or Ranald MacPherson (1817–1869), architect and colonial administrator
Colonel Tommy Macpherson, British army officer
Sir William Macpherson, High Court Judge in England
Fictional characters
Anya MacPherson, fictional character in Degrassi: The Next Generation
Christine "Lady Bird" McPherson, protagonist of Lady Bird
See also
Clan Macpherson, a Scottish clan
The Macpherson Report, into the death of Black British teenage Stephen Lawrence
MacPherson v. Buick Motor Co.
MacPherson strut, a car suspension system
MacPherson, Singapore
Macpherson Stadium (disambiguation)
McPherson (disambiguation)
Scottish surnames
Anglicised Scottish Gaelic-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Occupational surnames
Senator McBurney may refer to:
Andrew McBurney (1815–1894), Ohio State Senate
John F. McBurney III (born 1950), Rhode Island State Senate
Yaro Oraal () is a 1978 Malayalam film written, produced and directed by V. K. Pavithran. It was his debut as a director. It is one of the first early experiments in Malayalam cinema which introduced to a genre of personal cinema, which is deliberately anti-realist. The film's music is composed by acclaimed film director G. Aravindan.
Cast
Protima as Malathi
T. Ravindranath as Hari
Verma as Malathi's First Husband
A. C. K. Raja as Moorthy, the artist
References
External links
1978 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
1978 directorial debut films
Esquerra de Menorca (), also referred to as Esquerra de Menorca–Esquerra Unida (), is the Menorca federation of United Left of the Balearic Islands.
United Left in Menorca and the Socialist Party of Menorca (PSM) maintained a stable agreement between 1987 and 1994, called Entesa de l'Esquerra de Menorca (), which obtained two representatives in the Balearic Parliament and the Insular Council of Menorca in the elections of 1987 and 1991, both of the PSM. After the break up of the agreement, they ran alone under the Esquerra de Menorca label in the 1995 election, obtaining a deputy in the Balearic Parliament and in the Council of Menorca. In the following election (1999) they ran in coalition with The Greens of Menorca. This alliance was broken in 2002. Since then, they have contested in autonomous and island elections on their own, without winning any seats.
References
Balearic Islands
Political parties in the Balearic Islands
The UIM Class 1 World Powerboat Championship (also known as Class 1) is an international motorboat racing competition for powerboats organized by the Union Internationale Motonautique (UIM). It is the premier class of offshore powerboat racing in the world.
Class 1 is considered one of the most spectacular marine motorsports. A Class 1 race-boat has twin inboard 1100hp engines and can reach speeds in excess of 257 km/h (160 mph). All boats are limited by a minimum weight of 4950 kg.
The sport of powerboat racing has undergone unprecedented changes since the earliest recorded race in 1887 in Nice, France, organized by the Paris Sailing Club. The French also claimed the next two recorded races in 1903, a 62-mile race in Meulan on the River Seine organized by the Poissy Sailing Club and a 230-mile race from Paris to Trouville. But the first officially recognized international offshore powerboat race was a 22-mile event from Calais, France to Dover, England.
The modern-era of offshore powerboat racing was kick-started on 6 May 1956 with the first running of the famous Miami-Nassau race, which would ultimately lead to the introduction of the Sam Griffith Memorial Trophy and a UIM sanctioned World Championship in 1964. From 1964 to 1976 the winner of the World Championship was decided by points gained from multiple races held at venues around the world. From 1977 to 1991 the winner was decided by series of races at a single event at the end of the year. The World Championship reverted to a multi-event format in 1992.
As of 2019, APBA sanctioned Class One racing is being held by Powerboat P1 under the name Class One USA, with catamarans racing strictly regulated sterndrive Mercury Racing 9.0L 1100 hp twin turbocharged V8 motors, and unlimited power for mono-hulls. The Victory team from the UAE is the current defending championship team.
History
The Boats
Weighing in at around 5 tonnes, each boat in the Class 1 fleet is approximately 12-14m in length, 3.5m wide, and constructed using composite materials.
Over the years, safety has become a key concern and today's Class 1 boats are the safest they have ever been.
Inside the cockpit, satellite GPS systems, trim indicators, engine data dashboards and instrument panels and warning lights keep the crew aware of the boat's progress during a race.
The cockpit is reinforced to withstand enormous impacts that may occur if a boat crashes at speeds in excess of 150 mph, with an escape hatch in the hull as an added safety feature in the event of an accident.
While a Class 1 race-boat is highly technical and state-of-the-art, and its overall performance is dependent on design, aero and hydro dynamics, choice of propeller and gear ratio selection, the relationship between driver and throttle-man, who navigate and control the power, must provide direct input to adjust trim and drive settings during a race or official qualifying, is ultimately the defining factor and crucial to performance.
The Crews
Each boat has a two-man crew; the driver who navigates and steers the boat and a throttle-man who dictates the speed by controlling the throttles and the trim.
It is a combination that requires total trust – imagine driving a car and the person beside you has control of the accelerator – and a close working relationship. Spectators may imagine that the crew simply jump into the cockpit, and it's the guys who drive quickest that can win. A simple enough theory, but one that doesn't take into account the skills and professionalism of pilots who regularly hurtle across the waves at over 160 mph/250kmh.
Both pilots work closely with their pit crews to determine the race set-up: the type of propeller required for the conditions, gear ratio settings', the amount of fuel needed and race tactics. Propeller choice is critical and can win or lose not only a race, but also a championship.
The Championship
A Class 1 season consists of a series Grands Prix, made up of three official practice sessions, one official qualifying session which is also known as Pole Position and two races. The results of each race are combined to determine the winner of the World Championship. The European Championship and the Middle East Championship are defined by specific events in those geographic regions. The results in official qualifying determine the winner of the Pole Position Championship.
Eight races at four venues make up the UIM Class 1 World Powerboat Championship, with races run over approximately 55 or 75 Nm of multiple laps of approximately 5 Nm (including one or two mandatory long laps).
The World Championship is awarded to the team with the most accumulated points throughout the season. A winning crew collects 20 points, the runners-up 15, with the third-placed team awarded 12 points.
A Grand Prix weekend is run over three days, with registration, technical scrutineering and the first practice session and driver briefings taking place on day one.
On day two a practice session is run in the morning, followed immediately by the Edox Pole Position (qualifying), also counting as a separate championship, and Race 1 in the afternoon.
The Edox Pole Position, like the practice sessions, is run over the Grand Prix course, giving the crews a further opportunity to familiarize themselves with circuits and conditions, and to decide on set-up. It acts as the qualifier for the line-up for Race 1, with the Pole-sitter (the fastest time) lining-up closest to the official start boat. The Edox Pole Position lasts for 45 minutes, with teams having to complete a minimum of one timed lap and allowed to return to the wet pits to make adjustments to set-up, but limited to a total of 10 minutes under the crane.
On day three, a final practice session in the morning is followed in the afternoon by Race 2. Each race is started by a Nor-Tech 3600 supercat official pace boat, running at a controlled speed, which lead the boats from the wet pits and into a line-abreast under a yellow flag or amber flashing light, a green flag denoting the race start, with the finishing order of the Edox Pole Position dictating the line-up of the boats for Race 1 and the finishing order of Race 1, the start order for Race 2.
Each race consists of approximately 11–15 laps and is 55–75 Nm in length, including one or two mandatory long laps.
Winners
References
Class 1
Thapapur is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,909 living in 1,295 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Kamareh or Kamarah () may refer to:
Kamareh, Kermanshah
Kamareh-ye Gharbi, Kermanshah Province
Kamareh-ye Olya, Kermanshah Province
Kamareh-ye Sofla, Kermanshah Province
Kamareh, Kurdistan
Kamareh, Lorestan
Kamareh, Markazi
Kamareh District
Kamareh-ye Bala
Kamareh-ye Hashem Beg
Kamareh-ye Heshmatabad
Kamareh-ye Mishnan
Willi Sanke published a series of about 600-700 numbered photo-postcards, showing World War I aviators c. 1910 - 1918/20. He was based in Berlin and his cards were often issued under the name of Postkartenvertrieb W. Sanke (Post Card Distribution W. Sanke). On some of these postcards, the photographers are identified: for example, Fritz Fischer, Nicola Perscheid (1864–1930), and Alfred Krauth.
See also
List of World War I flying aces
References
Postcards
Aviation in World War I
Three Dialogues between Hylas and Philonous, or simply Three Dialogues, is a 1713 book on metaphysics and idealism written by George Berkeley. Taking the form of a dialogue, the book was written as a response to the criticism Berkeley experienced after publishing A Treatise Concerning the Principles of Human Knowledge.
Three important concepts discussed in the Three Dialogues are perceptual relativity, the conceivability/master argument and Berkeley's phenomenalism. Perceptual relativity argues that the same object can appear to have different characteristics (e.g. shape) depending on the observer's perspective. Since objective features of objects cannot change without an inherent change in the object itself, shape must not be an objective feature.
Background
In 1709, Berkeley published his first major work, An Essay Towards a New Theory of Vision, in which he discussed the limitations of human vision and advanced the theory that the proper objects of sight are not material objects, but light and colour. This foreshadowed his chief philosophical work, A Treatise Concerning the Principles of Human Knowledge (1710), which, after its poor reception, he rewrote into the Three Dialogues (1713).
Hylas and Philonous
Berkeley's views are represented by Philonous (Greek: "lover of mind"), while Hylas ("hyle", Greek: "matter") embodies the Irish thinker's opponents, in particular John Locke.
In The First Dialogue, Hylas expresses his disdain for skepticism, adding that he has heard Philonous to have "maintained the most extravagant opinion that ever entered into the mind of man, to wit, that there is no such thing as material substance in the world." Philonous argues that it is actually Hylas who is the skeptic and that he can prove it. Thus, a philosophical battle of wit begins.
Philonous questions Hylas systematically regarding what humans know of the world, first examining secondary qualities, such as heat, to show that such qualities do not exist outside the individual mind. He then moves on to primary qualities such as extension and shape, and likewise argues that they, too, are dependent entirely on one's perception and perspective (e.g., From a distance, a great mountain appears to be small, and the shape of a thing may change dramatically under a microscope: "You may at any time make the experiment, by looking with one eye bare, and with the other through a microscope").
Hylas's view of matter (which has its origin in the Platonic theory of forms , or abstract entities that exist outside of the sensible world) is systematically destroyed by Philonous (Berkeley). The basic argument is that because matter is only known to us by its sensible qualities, it is impossible to describe or even imagine matter without these qualities. For in the absence of sensible qualities, matter, by definition, loses its essential qualities.
Berkeley's argument goes further: sensible qualities are not inherent in matter. Rather, they are ascribed and understood by the mind. Color, sound, temperature and even shape are qualities entirely dependent on a mind. Indeed, without a "mind," it becomes impossible to imagine "matter." The answer to the question, "If a tree falls in the forest and no mind is present, does it make a noise?" is answered by Berkeley's immaterialism: There is no tree, other than either the sense-data or the bundle of perceptions of which it is made up. However, God is always perceiving everything. In other words, there is always a mind present. A human (and thus a human mind) need not be present for the tree to make a sound, for the mind of God is always present, or so Berkeley argues. It is this mind of God that gives sensible qualities to matter, not matter itself.
In his own time Berkeley faced opposition from many philosophers who shared the Platonic view. These philosophers thought Berkeley to be vulgar, because his own view seemed to confirm the views held by the lower classes. Roughly speaking, the "common view" was that God created everything and that the things on Earth were the real things. Some philosophers did not believe in God, and believed matter on Earth was but an imitation of actual matter that existed in another dimension. Berkeley sided with the common view.
The philosophy presented is often misinterpreted. The criticism is that Berkeley claims that we live in an illusory world, when in fact, Berkeley advocates for the acceptance of ideas as real "things." When we refer to an object, we don't refer to a material form, but to the idea of the object that informs our senses. Berkeley doesn't propose that nothing is real; he proposes that ideas themselves compose reality.
See also
Idealism
Master Argument
An Essay towards a New Theory of Vision (1709)
A Treatise Concerning the Principles of Human Knowledge (1710)
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
George Berkeley's Three Dialogues Between Hylas and Philonous At Project Gutenberg online TXT version
Exercise Questions from Oregon State University
Contains Three Dialogues, slightly modified for easier reading
Audiobook version of Three Dialogues Between Hylas and Philonous (Public domain)
1713 books
Books by George Berkeley
Dialogues
Metaphysics literature
Three-Piece Reclining Figure No. 2: Bridge Prop is a sculpture by Henry Moore, created in 1963, and produced in an edition of six copies.
Examples
Examples include:
The Tate Modern in London
The Henry Moore Foundation in their sculpture garden around his old house at Perry Green, Hertfordshire (on loan from Leeds Museums and Galleries)
David Winton Bell Gallery in Providence, Rhode Island. Installed in 1963 on the main campus green at Brown University. It is catalogued as LH513.
The Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington, D.C.
History
According to the Henry Moore Foundation:
Moore himself said:
See also
List of public art in Washington, D.C., Ward 2
References
External links
Waymarking
DC Memorials
Sculptures by Henry Moore
1963 sculptures
Modernist sculpture
Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden
Sculptures of the Smithsonian Institution
Abstract sculptures in Washington, D.C.
Bronze sculptures in Washington, D.C.
Outdoor sculptures in Washington, D.C.
Bronze sculptures in Rhode Island
Bronze sculptures in the United Kingdom
Tonyn was a French vessel launched in 1777 under another name and taken in prize circa 1782. She first appeared in the 1782 volume of Lloyd's Register (LR).
Lloyd's List reported in November 1783 that Tonyn, Welch, master, had been lost on the bar at Saint Augustine, Florida. She had been on a voyage from Charles Town, South Carolina, to Saint Augustine and London. The LR volume for 1783 carried the annotation "Lost" by her name.
This Tonyn may have been a replacement for a , also of 200 tons (bm), that Thomas Moss had lost the year before to capture.
Citations
1777 ships
Ships built in France
Captured ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Maritime incidents in 1783
Mioče may refer to:
Mioče (Rudo), a village in Rudo, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mioče, Bijelo Polje, Montenegro
The Beast of the East is the largest college rugby tournament in the world. In 2010, the 27th annual tournament, 84 college rugby teams participated in five divisions. The tournament is hosted by Providence Rugby Football Club on six rugby fields at The Glen in Portsmouth, Rhode Island.
Past Champions
2018
Women's Division 1: Vassar College def. UConn 15-12
Women's Division 2: UAlbany def. Marist College 17-5
Women's Division 3: University of New Haven def UMass Dartmouth 34-0
Men's Division 1: Bishop's University def. UMass Amherst 13-10
Men's Division 2: Plymouth State University def. Sacred Heart University 17-7
Men's Division 3: UMaine Farmington def. UMass Dartmouth 28-5
2017
Women's Division 1: Vassar College
Women's Division 2: Roger Williams University
Women's Division 3: University of Maine Orono def. University of Connecticut 17-12 (OT)
Men's Division 1: University of Connecticut
Men's Division 2: Salve Regina
Men's Division 3: University of Maine Orono def. University of New Haven 24-0
2016
Women's Division 1: University of Connecticut
Men's Division 1: University of Massachusetts- Amherst
Women's Division 2: Vassar College
Men's Division 2: Roger Williams University
Women's Division 3: Roger Williams University
2015
Men's Division 3: University of Maine Orono def. Colby College 21-3
Women's Division 3: Roger Williams University
2014
Men's Division 1: University of Massachusetts Amherst def. Providence College 16-3
Men's Division 2: University of Massachusetts Amherst B side def. Salve Regina University 12-5
Women's Division 3: Middlebury College def. Plymouth State
2013
Men's Division 1: University of Massachusetts Amherst def. United States Merchant Marine Academy 11-10
2012
Men's Division 1: Iona College def.
Men's Division 2: Sacred Heart University def. Massachusetts Maritime Academy 20-0
Women's Division 1: Northeastern University def. Boston College
2011
Men's Division 1: Salve Regina University def. Syracuse University 12-5
Men's Division 2: Iona College def. Providence College
Women's Division 1:
Women's Division 2:
Women's Division 3: Smith College def. College of the Holy Cross 20-0
2010
Men's Division 1: Northeastern University def. Brown University 17-0
Men's Division 2: Southern Connecticut State University def. Salve Regina University 21-0
Women's Division 1: Dartmouth College def. Princeton University 10-0
Women's Division 2: Radcliffe College def. Marist
Women's Division 3: MIT def. College of the Holy Cross
2009
Men's Division 1: University of Connecticut
Men's Division 2: Providence College
Women's Division 1: Vassar College def. Syracuse University 31-0
Women's Division 2: Bryant University
Women's Division 3: College of the Holy Cross
2008 - 25th Annual Tournament
Division 1 Men: Bentley University def. URI 14-5
Division 2 Men: Salisbury State University def. Bryant University
Division 2 Women: Providence College def. Rutgers University
Division 3 Women: Bryant University def. Roger Williams University
2007
Men's Division 1: United States Merchant Marine Academy King's Point def. Northeastern University 3-0
Men's Division 2: Vassar College def. University of Maine at Farmington 22-10
Women's Division 2: Vassar College def. University of New Hampshire 19-0
Women's Division 3: University of Rhode Island def. College of the Holy Cross
External links
Official website
Providence Rugby Football Club
College rugby union competitions in the United States
The Dawson Car Company was formed in June 1918 by AJ Dawson, previously works manager at Hillman and designer of the 1913 Hillman Nine car and launched in 1919.
The only car made by the company was the 11-12 hp with a water-cooled, four-cylinder 1795 cc overhead camshaft engine coupled to a three-speed gearbox. It was available in four body styles, most bodied by Charlesworth, and unusually, customers could not buy a chassis only. Most were sold in Dawson Blue with black wings. Final production seems to have been in 1921 after about 65 cars were made.
The Dawson cars were expensive, the cheapest being £600 for the two-seater, and could not compete with Morris and Austin. Nearly all the components were made in-house.
In 1921 the Triumph Cycle Company Ltd. bought Dawson's premises and fittings in Clay Lane, Stoke, Coventry but no more of the 11-12 models were made.
See also
List of car manufacturers of the United Kingdom
References
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of England
Coventry motor companies
Vera Alexandrovna Vetrova, née Ulyakina (, born 21 August 1986 in Gorky) is a Russian volleyball player. She was a member of the Russia women's national volleyball team at the 2010 FIVB Women's World Championship in Japan, the 2011 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix in China, the 2011 Women's European Volleyball Championship in Italy and Serbia, and the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
At club level, she played for Indesit (then called Stinol) and Dinamo Kazan before joining Dinamo Moscow in 2011.
Personal life
She is married to Andrey Vetrov and due to her pregnancy she was out on maternity leave for most of 2012 and early 2013. On 1 November 2012 she gave birth to a boy named Nikolay.
Clubs
Stinol Lipetsk (2002–2009)
Dinamo Kazan (2009–2011)
Dynamo Moscow (2011–present)
Awards
National team
Senior
2010 FIVB World Championship – Gold medal
Clubs
2010 Russian Cup – Gold medal (with Dinamo Kazan)
2010–11 Russian Championship – Gold medal (with Dinamo Kazan)
2011 Russian Cup – Gold medal (with Dinamo Moscow)
2011–12 Russian Championship – Silver medal (with Dinamo Moscow)
2013 Russian Cup – Gold medal (with Dinamo Moscow)
2013–14 Russian Championship – Silver medal (with Dinamo Moscow)
2014–15 Russian Championship – Silver medal (with Dinamo Moscow)
2015–16 Russian Championship – Gold medal (with Dinamo Moscow)
2016 Russian Cup – Silver medal (with Dinamo Moscow)
2016–17 Russian Championship – Gold medal (with Dinamo Moscow)
References
External links
Profile at CEV
Profile at Women's Volleyball Club Dinamo (Moscow)
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Nizhny Novgorod
Russian women's volleyball players
Olympic volleyball players of Russia
Volleyball players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
20th-century Russian women
21st-century Russian women
Avon View High School (AVHS) is a secondary school located in Windsor, Hants County, Nova Scotia, Canada. It serves students from grades 9 to 12. The school provides education services for approximately 900 students in the Windsor, Nova Scotia area. The school currently employs 70-80 teachers, administration and janitorial staff, and is operated as one of the 43 schools in the Annapolis Valley Regional School Board.
Mission statement
Avon View High School challenges students to strive for their academic, social, emotional, and physical best. In a courteous, respectful, and safe environment, Avon View provides opportunities with responsibilities shared by students, staff, home, and community.
Student Council
Avon View has a student council which is responsible for aiding the administration in the regulation of extra curricular activities at the school. The council has different responsibilities for members depending on their group within the council. Co-Primes, who are responsible for heading the group, Finance, which is responsible for maintaining the budget, Athletics, which is responsible for organizing extra curricular sports activities, Communications, which is responsible for advertising the actions of the group, Special Events, who are responsible for organizing activities within the school, such as Avon View's monthly dances and the grade 9 reps who manage the grade 9 student body. The student council is by elections by the students of Avon View.
See also
List of schools in Nova Scotia
References
External links
Avon View High School
High schools in Nova Scotia
Schools in Hants County, Nova Scotia
Sudbury Cyclones was a soccer club based in Sudbury, Ontario. The club was formed in 1976 and originally competed in the Second Division of the National Soccer League (NSL). Sudbury played in the National Soccer League for five seasons from 1976 until the 1980 season. The club became the last representative from Northern Ontario to compete in the National Soccer League.
History
Professional soccer in Northern Ontario and in the city of Sudbury can be traced back to the mining boom of the 1930s where a procession of workers settled in the area, which led to the creation of a Northern Division in the National Soccer League (NSL). The Northern Division would ultimately cease operating, but Sudbury managed to enter another franchise in the NSL in 1965 known as Sudbury Italia, which played for four seasons. Further attempts were made in 1973 to organize another franchise in Sudbury, but the bid was rejected by the NSL ownership. After a five-year absence, professional soccer returned to Northern Ontario with Sudbury Cyclones receiving an NSL franchise. In the initial years, Sudbury competed in the Second Division of the National Soccer League. The Cyclones secured a playoff berth in the 1978 season by finishing third but were eliminated in the semifinals to St. Catharines Roma.
In 1979, the club was promoted to the First Division, and finished in the sixth position. In the 1980 season, early reports of financial instability were becoming apparent with Sudbury, but the club managed to complete the season. In early 1981, the club announced its departure from the league which marked the final time that a representative from Sudbury competed in the NSL. A variety of factors such as travel expenses and failure to attract skilled players to the region contributed to the folding of Sudbury along with dwindling attendance numbers.
In the club's fledgling years Sudbury occasionally imported players from Southern Ontario and abroad. Later their roster recruitment policy shifted towards solely acquiring players from the local circuits. The club ultimately adopted a developmental philosophy by recruiting local younger players due to economical reasons and issues stemming from player commitments and travel expenses.
Head Coach history
Peter Gallo (1976)
Fulvio Stepancich (1976–1977)
Branko Knezevich (1977)
Fulvio Stepancich (1977)
Peter Severinac (1977–1978)
Jim Thomson (1978)
Peter Severinac (1979)
Gino Pacitto (1980)
Seasons
References
1976 establishments in Ontario
Association football clubs established in 1976
Association football clubs disestablished in 1981
Defunct soccer clubs in Canada
Sports teams in Greater Sudbury
Canadian National Soccer League teams
Na Omi Judy Shintani is a Japanese American artist whose work focuses on storytelling and remembrance of people who were imprisoned, her initial focus being Japanese Americans incarcerated during World War II. Shintani creates interactive displays to shine light on historical issues and create a space of transformation and healing along with teaching history through portraying personal experiences.
Early life
Na Omi Judy Shintani, also known as Judy Shintani, was born in Ames, Iowa. Her father is from Poulsbo, Washington and her mother is from Honolulu, Hawaii. Shintani's father's family had an oyster farming business that was lost in the 1940s when they were taken to Camp Tulelake during World War II. Eventually, Shintani's family ended up settling in the Central Valley of California. It was here that her mother became the first Asian American elementary school teacher in Lodi, California, and her father worked in television broadcasting. Shintani grew up in a small, central valley region, before she moved away to the Bay Area for college.
Career
Shintani has exhibited her work throughout California, the Pacific Northwest and Southwest. She founded the Kitsune Community Art Studio in an old dairy barn in Half Moon Bay, California, where she currently resides. In addition to owning and running the art studio, she works as an art instructor at Foothill Community College in Los Altos, California and is teaching artists at Creativity Explored, an art gallery that focuses on showcasing artists with disabilities. Shintani is a member of the Asian American Women's Artist Caucus and a board member of the Northern California Women's Caucus for Art. She is also involved in WEAD, a Women's Environmental Arts Directory.
Education
She has a Bachelor of Science in Graphic Design, from San José State University along with a Masters of Transformative Art, which she got from JFK University, Berkeley. Some topics that were included in her courses at JFK University were learning about Expressive Arts with elderly clients and holistic approaches to arts education. Along with these degrees her education also involves various workshops and other programs some of which include traditional kimono sewing, Dream it Build it (an installation workshop) and Native American Pottery.
Recent work
Shintani's most recent exhibition is titled Dream Refuge for Children Imprisoned. This exhibition was held in 2019 at the Triton Museum of Art in Santa Clara, California. The installation comprises life-size drawings of children sleeping in a circle, which is a symbol of healing and inclusion, along with a few children sleeping on the floor in the middle of the circle. The drawings represent Japanese American Concentration Camps during World War II (in which her father is represented); Central American children, who are living at the United States border, separated from their families and imprisoned; and Native American boarding school children, who were taken from their families and denied their culture. In addition to the installation, recordings of stories and personal experiences of individuals who lived through these times are playing in the room. This exhibition was meant to be a healing installation that would shine light on the hard times of incarceration in the United States history.
Medium and subject/intent of artwork
Medium
Shintani works within the visual arts. Her artwork includes conceptual mediums, installations, and sculpture. Often, her work includes found or recycled objects, video, words, organic materials, textiles, and cultural clothing to create her installations and assemblages. She works with whatever material most successfully expresses the story being told.
Subject and intent of artwork
During World War II, President Franklin Roosevelt issued Executive Order 9066, which caused 120,000 mostly Japanese- Americans to be evacuated and imprisoned in 10 incarceration camps. This executive order directly impacted Shintani's family, which is why her work tries to acknowledge repressed emotions, memories, and feelings about this time. As an individual whose family faced this trauma, Shintani considers her art a personal process of transforming and healing for herself and her family. Shintani is working to try and take people beyond the words written in a textbook and look at personal experiences and how to use this material to show how the past connects to what is happening today.
Shintani's artwork focuses on remembrance, storytelling, and connection. The assemblages and installations are used to create performances and facilitate social interactive activities that produce stories that shine light on important issues. The subjects of her work are predominantly made up of people who were imprisoned and their memories, along with the thoughts of their families, therefore, Shintani has focused a large part of her career on researching and producing artwork that will give a voice to these internal memories or hidden stories about history. Shintani's career exploration of Japanese American history has expanded to include other cultures whose children have been incarcerated in America. Working with communities is important to Shintani, as she believes that art can lead someone in search of their identity. This community involvement occurs as viewers of Shintani's artwork are encouraged to participate and become art collaborators through interacting with the artwork and providing feedback on their thoughts.
Solo exhibitions
2011: Enso Art Gallery, Half Moon Bay, CA
2014: Healing Adornment, Harbor Gallery, Half Moon Bay, CA
2015: Storytelling and Ritual, Santa Fe Internment Camp, Santa Fe Art Institute, Santa Fe, NM
2016: Resilience & Identity, Peninsula Museum of Art, Burlingame, CA
2017: Stories of Displacement Community Art Project, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA
E09066 Then They Came for Us, Springfield College, Springfield, MA
Shining Light on Remembrance, Ruth's Table, San Francisco, CA
2019: Dream Refuge for Children Imprisoned, Triton Museum of Art, Santa Clara, CA
Awards
2012, Peninsula Arts Council Diamond Award for Donor sponsor- Coastside Doctors without borders art fundraiser.
2013 Half Moon Bay Review Reader's Choice Favorite Local Artist, Honor mention
2014 Asian Pacific Islander Cultural Center Sponsorship Award
2014 ISKME Big Ideas Fest Artists in Residence
2015 Artist in Residence Santa Fe Art Institute
2016 Artist in Residence, Creativity Explored, San Francisco, CA
2017 Fellowship, Vermont Center for Art
2019 Artist in Residency, San Joaquin Delta College, Stockton, CA
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women artists
American artists of Japanese descent
Artists from Iowa
John F. Kennedy University alumni
People from Ames, Iowa
San Jose State University alumni
Wikipedia Student Program
Mister Rock and Roll is a 1957 American musical film directed by Charles S. Dubin and written by James Blumgarten.
The film stars Alan Freed, Teddy Randazzo, Lois O'Brien, Rocky Graziano, Jay Barney, Al Fisher and Lou Marks.
The film was released on October 16, 1957, by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Alan Freed as himself
Teddy Randazzo as himself
Lois O'Brien as Carole Hendricks
Rocky Graziano as himself
Jay Barney as Joe Prentiss
Al Fisher as Al
Lou Marks as Lou
Leo Wirtz as Earl George
Ralph Stantley as Station Representative
Lionel Hampton as himself
Ferlin Husky as himself
Frankie Lymon as himself
Little Richard as himself
Brook Benton as himself
Chuck Berry as himself
Clyde McPhatter as himself
LaVern Baker as herself
Shaye Cogan as herself
References
External links
1957 films
Paramount Pictures films
American musical films
1957 musical films
1950s English-language films
Films directed by Charles S. Dubin
1950s American films
Ralph Frese, canoe maker and conservationist and prominent figure in the North American canoeing circles lived from 1926 until December 10, 2012. Frese lived in the Chicago area. He is known for promoting conservation and canoeing, building historic replica canoes (including large ones), and starting canoeing and conservation organizations and events.
Frese was also a fourth-generation blacksmith, operating in a building next to his Chicagoland Canoe Base store in Chicago and was said to probably have been the last blacksmith working in Chicago
Life
In a 2008 interview, Frese told the Chicago Tribune that his "first boat was a canvas kayak he bought for $15 when he was 14 years old. From then on, he spent time paddling Chicago-area rivers and extolling the virtues of riverbank wilderness."
In the early 1950s, Mr. Frese founded the Illinois Paddling Council. In the 1950s Frese began building canoes.
He started the (Chicago area) Des Plaines River Marathon in 1958. Now called the DesPlaines River Canoe & Kayak Marathon, it is the second oldest continuously held canoe race in the United States."
Ralph was a founding board member and lifelong supporter of the Chicago Maritime Society and supportive of its efforts to build the Chicago Maritime Museum to fully tell Chicago maritime history.
He also started the (Chicago area) New Year's Day Canoe Paddle which was in its 27th year as of 2012.
He built replica Birch bark canoes out of fiberglass, including for Voyageurs National Park. Bill Derrah said that he met a person in Mississippi who built large canoes for the Mississippi River who learned how to build them from Frese. John Ruskey of Clarksdale Mississippi is building 30 foot Voyager style canoes based on a design he was given by Frese.
Frese's lifelong work served as the inspiration for the 2018 documentary Mr. Canoe, which made its debut on January 26, 2018. The Chicago Maritime Museum, which screened the documentary, describes it as "the incredible story of Ralph Frese, the inspirational Instigator behind countless canoe journeys through the heart of the country. Experience the inside story from his many canoe disciples, Including the epic 3,000 mile historic journeys from Montreal to New Orleans. Ralph was a Chicagoan, an American, but above all he embodied the name he was known as around the world: Mr. Canoe."
Francis Benton - British adventurer, photographer and explorer built his little kayak at Chicagoland Canoe Base before his second trip across the ocean. Also Francis Brenton's dugout canoe "Sierra Sagrada" was stored at Ralph's store, now part of Chicago Maritime Society canoe collection.
"In the 1970s, Frese motivated peers to undertake the longest canoe journeys in more than 300 years by re-enacting two late 17th century voyages: one by Jesuit missionary Jacques Marquette and fur trader Louis Joliet, and another by French explorers René-Robert Cavelier and Sieur de La Salle. Prodded by Frese, a crew of about 20 men spent nine months canoeing 3,300 miles from the Atlantic Ocean to the Gulf of Mexico in 34-foot canoes and handmade clothing with little modern equipment."
Frese was married to Rita and had 5 children.
Chicagoland Canoe Base
Frese was also a fourth-generation blacksmith, operating in a building next to his Chicagoland Canoe Base store at 4019 N. Narragansett Ave. in Chicago which was razed in 2017. He built the Chicagoland Canoe Base onto his family's blacksmith shop. He made tools for sculptors and stonemasons. Larry Suffredin, Cook County Forest Preserve District Board commissioner said "He may have been the last blacksmith working in Chicago"
Awards and recognitions
Frese was inducted into the Illinois Outdoor Hall of Fame in 2006.
The forest preserve district of Cook County, Illinois (the county containing Chicago) designated a section of the North Branch of the Chicago River the Ralph Frese River Trail. It goes from Dempster Street in Morton Grove to Willow Road in Northfield.
He received a Legends of Paddling award from the American Canoe Association.
Death
Frese died on December 10, 2012. As described on the DesPlaines River Canoe & Kayak Marathon website, "Following an illness which tempered, but by no means diminished his enthusiasm for life in general and canoeing in particular, Marathon founder Ralph Frese died early December 10. Of course, the 55 year old annual Marathon was but one of many contributions of Ralph to fostering a quest for outdoor adventure, athletic competition, Voyageur history, canoe design and construction, metalworking and environmental responsibility in his 86 years with us. We are grateful for these contributions and in particular for his ability to attract, inspire and enthuse an ever-growing cadre of like-minded supporters, of both professional and amateur backgrounds, to follow in his footsteps. We appreciate the many leadership roles which he has played in our lives!"
References
1926 births
2012 deaths
American male canoeists
American conservationists
American blacksmiths
Ziridava gemmata is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found on the Solomon Islands and the Bismarck Archipelago.
References
Moths described in 1899
Eupitheciini
Lindsay Michelle Mendez (born March 1, 1983) is an American actress and singer, best known for her work in American musical theatre.
Mendez won the 2018 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her performance as Carrie Pipperidge in a Broadway revival of Carousel. Her other credits on Broadway include Elphaba in Wicked (performing during the production's tenth anniversary), Godspell, and Jan in Grease.
Beginning in September 2019, Mendez co-stars on the CBS drama series All Rise as court stenographer Sara Castillo. Although CBS cancelled season 3 of All Rise in early 2021, it was shortly thereafter announced that it will resume airing on the Oprah Winfrey Network in 2022.
Life and career
Mendez was born in Norwalk, California. Her father is of Mexican descent and her mother is of Russian Jewish ancestry. She played Lizzie in a preview of "A Little More Alive", written by Nick Blaemire, in Kansas City. Other credits include roles in The Marvelous Wonderettes, 35MM, Jacques Brel is Alive and Well and Living in Paris, and Princesses.
In 2012, Mendez appeared opposite Derek Klena in Dogfight as Eddie and Rose, and in Wicked as Fiyero and Elphaba. The two frequently perform together at the Broadway supper club 54 Below. Mendez sings jazz and blues at other cabarets and dining clubs with pianist Marco Paguia. The two released a jazz album entitled "This Time" in 2013. Mendez, along with composer Ryan Scott Oliver, founded and runs Actor Therapy: a five-week training experience for young actors in NYC. For her role as Rose Fenny in Off-Broadway's Dogfight, she was nominated for the 2013 Drama League Award for Distinguished Performance, the 2013 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actress in a Musical, and the 2013 Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Actress in a Musical.
In 2014, Mendez played Naomi Rodriguez in Lin Manuel Miranda's one-act musical 21 Chump Street and then in 2015, Laura in the play Significant Other.
While performing in Wicked, Mendez filmed a series of video blogs for Broadway.com entitled "Fly Girl: Backstage at Wicked with Lindsay Mendez", giving an inside look at the smash musical, including interviews with current cast members, glimpses of costumes, sets, props, and how Mendez herself was transformed into the musical's protagonist, Elphaba, the green-skinned girl who becomes the Wicked Witch of the West.
Mendez played Carrie in the 2018 Broadway revival of Carousel, for which she won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical.<ref>{{Cite web|last=Lefkowitz|first=Andy|date=10 June 2018|title=Carousel'''s Lindsay Mendez Wins Her First Tony Award: 'Be Your True Self and the World Will Take Note'|url=https://www.broadway.com/buzz/192469/carousels-lindsay-mendez-wins-her-first-tony-award-be-your-true-self-and-the-world-will-take-note/|url-status=live|archive-url=|archive-date=|access-date=7 January 2021|website=Broadway.com|language=en}}</ref> The production also starred Jessie Mueller and Joshua Henry.
Credits
BroadwayCarousel as Carrie Pipperidge (2018)Significant Other as Laura (2017)Wicked as Elphaba (replacement) (2013–14)Godspell as Performer (2011-2012)Everyday Rapture as Mennonite/Dance Captain (2010)Grease as Jan (2007–08)
Off-BroadwayMerrily We Roll Along as Mary Flynn (2022–23)Significant Other as Laura (2015)The Winter's Tale (2014)Dogfight as Rose Fenny (2012)Everyday Rapture as Performer (2009)The Marvelous Wonderettes as Betty Jean (replacement) (2009)
ReadingsNerds as Myrtle (2016)Princesses, National Alliance of Musical Theatre (2006)Princesses, Goodspeed Opera House (2004)
Regional TheaterThe Rose Tattoo as Folk Singer/Giuseppina, Williamstown Theater Festival (2016)21 Chump Street as Naomi Rodriguez, Brooklyn Academy of Music (June 7, 2014)A Little More Alive as Lizzie, Kansas Repertory Theatre (2014)Footloose, Kansas City Starlight Theatre (2013)Jacques Brel is Alive and Well and Living in Paris, Two River Theater Company (2011)The Trouble with Doug, National Alliance of Musical Theatre (2010)Band Geeks!, National Alliance of Musical Theatre (2009)Footloose, Sacramento Music Circus (2008)Princesses, 5th Avenue Theater (2008)
Encores!
The Golden Apple as Helen (2017)
Concerts35MM: A Musical Exhibition, The TimesCenter (2016)35MM as Voice 2, Urban Stages (2010)
Rated RSO; The Music and Lyrics of Ryan Scott Oliver (2009)Go the Distance, and the Lyrics of David Zippel, Performer, Lincoln Center (2006)Go the Distance, and the Lyrics of David Zippel, Performer, Kaufman Center
Filmography
Television
Discography
Three Points of Contact - Ryan Scott Oliver (2019)
The Other Josh Cohen: A Musical With Songs - Studio Cast Recording (2018)
Band Geeks: A New Musical - Studio Cast Recording (2018)
Carousel - 2018 Broadway Cast Recording (2018)21 Chump Street - The Musical - EP (2014)Dogfight - Original Cast Recording (2013)
Kerrigan-Lowdermilk Live (2013)This Time, with Marco Paguia (2013)35MM: A Musical Exhibition - Original Cast Recording (2012)Godspell - The New Broadway Cast Recording (2011)Everyday Rapture - Original Broadway Cast Recording (2010)New York City Christmas, ASTEP Benefit album (2009)Grease'' Revival - New Broadway Cast Recording (2008)
Awards and nominations
References
External links
American musical theatre actresses
American women singers
Living people
1983 births
Tony Award winners
American musicians of Mexican descent
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Drama Desk Award winners
Actresses from California
People from Norwalk, California
American stage actresses
21st-century American women
American actresses of Mexican descent
Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious World is a thirteen-part British television series looking at unexplained phenomena from around the world. It was produced by Yorkshire Television for the ITV network and first broadcast on 6 September 1980.
Each program is introduced and book-ended by science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke in short sequences filmed in Sri Lanka. The bulk of the episodes are narrated by Gordon Honeycombe. The series was produced by John Fanshawe and John Fairley, and directed by Peter Jones, Michael Weigall and Charles Flynn. It also featured a unique soundtrack composed by British artist Alan Hawkshaw.
In 1980, Book Club Associates published a hardcover book with the same name, authored by Simon Welfare and John Fairley, where the contents of the show were further explored. It featured an introduction written by Clarke as well as his remarks at the end of each chapter or topic. In 1985, a paperback of this book was released by HarperCollins Publishers.
The series was followed by Arthur C. Clarke's World of Strange Powers in 1985 and Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious Universe in 1994.
Episodes
Home release
In January 2008 the original series was released on DVD in the UK by Network and Granada. It features all of the 13 original episodes unedited and remastered.
A collection DVD Box Set of all three Arthur C. Clarke documentary series, Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious World, Arthur C. Clarke's World of Strange Powers and Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious Universe was released in July 2013 by Visual Entertainment, which also re-released them separately in September 2013.
See also
In Search of... – a television show
References
Shirlow, R. (2021). Revisiting the mysterious world of Arthur C Clarke. Fortean Times no. 410[Oct.]: 32–39.
Shirlow, R. (2021). Revisiting Arthur C Clarke's Mysterious World: part 2. Fortean Times no. 411[Nov.]: 42–47.
Shirlow, R. (2021). Revisiting Arthur C Clarke's Mysterious World: part 3. Fortean Times no. 412[Dec.]: 44–49.
External links
Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious World
1980 British television series debuts
1980 British television series endings
ITV documentaries
UFO-related television
Paranormal television
Cryptozoological television series
Television series by Arthur C. Clarke
Television series by ITV Studios
Television series by Yorkshire Television
English-language television shows
Discovery Channel original programming
Aspasmogaster costata, the eastern clingfish or pink clingfish is a species of clingfish from the family Gobiesocidae. It is endemic to eastern Australia where it occurs from Byron Bay to the Nadgee Nature Reserve in southern New South Wales and also on Lord Howe Island in the Tasman Sea. This is a secretive species which frequently hides under rocks, shelters in crevices or behind sea urchins at depths down to . The species was described in 1885 by James Douglas Ogilby with a type locality of Shark Reef near Port Jackson in New South Wales.
References
Fish described in 1885
costata
Saddiq Bey (born April 9, 1999) is an American professional basketball player for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the Villanova Wildcats.
High school career
Bey is the son of Drewana Bey, a former high school principal who played collegiate basketball at Charlotte. He attended DeMatha Catholic High School his freshman year before transferring to Sidwell Friends School. He played AAU ball with D.C. Premier. He stood 5'9 as a freshman before growing through high school. Bey averaged 14.5 points, 6.5 rebounds, 2 assists and 2 steals per game as a junior to lead Sidwell to a conference championship. He injured his ankle as a senior and missed several games. As a senior, Bey averaged 21 points and eight rebounds per game.
A four-star recruit, Bey was ranked the 83rd best player in his class by 247Sports.com. Bey originally committed to North Carolina State on November 2, 2017. However, he asked to be released from his letter of intent in May 2018, and was denied a waiver to play in the Atlantic Coast Conference. After visiting Wake Forest, Boston College, and Vanderbilt, he signed with Villanova on June 15. Villanova coach Jay Wright had recruited Bey earlier in high school but began targeting him after Omari Spellman left for the NBA and a scholarship became available.
College career
In his debut versus Morgan State, Bey finished with 16 points and four rebounds. In his first six games he averaged a little under 16 points per game. Bey had his first double-double with 16 points and 11 rebounds on January 30, 2019 against DePaul. Villanova won the Big East Tournament to become the first team with three straight tournament titles, with Bey contributing 16 points and 10 rebounds in the 74–72 championship against Seton Hall. As a freshman, Bey averaged 8.2 points and 5.1 rebounds per game, starting 29 of 36 games. He was named to the Big East All-Freshman Team.
Coming into his sophomore season, Bey was named to the Julius Erving Award watchlist. On December 4, Bey scored 27 points to lead Villanova to an 80–69 win over Penn. He had a career-high 33 points including eight three-pointers on January 11, 2020, to help the Wildcats to a 80–66 victory over Georgetown. Bey scored 18 points the following game in a 79–75 overtime win against DePaul. At the conclusion of the regular season, Bey was unanimously selected first-team All-Big East. Bey was named the winner of the Robert V. Geasey Trophy as the top player in the Philadelphia Big 5. Bey won the Julius Erving Award at the end of the season as the nation's top small forward. Bey was the third Villanova player to win the award in the previous six seasons, following Josh Hart in 2017 and Mikal Bridges in 2018. He averaged 16.1 points, 4.7 rebounds, and 2.4 assists per game as a sophomore.
Professional career
Detroit Pistons (2020–present)
Bey was drafted 19th overall by the Brooklyn Nets in the 2020 NBA draft. The following day, November 19, 2020, the Detroit Pistons acquired the draft rights to Bey in a three-team trade. On December 1, the Pistons announced that they had signed Bey. On February 15, 2021, Bey was named Eastern Conference Player of the Week. Bey would finish 4th in Rookie of the Year voting with 3 third-place votes.
On January 1, 2022, Bey hit a game-winning three-pointer over two defenders in the final seconds of overtime to propel the Pistons to a 117–116 victory over the San Antonio Spurs. Two days later, Bey scored a then career-high 34 points, along with eight rebounds, leading the Pistons to an 115–106 upset road victory over the defending champion Milwaukee Bucks. On March 17, 2022, Bey scored a career high 51 points, along with nine rebounds, four assists, and three steals, in a 134–120 win against the Orlando Magic.
On March 23, 2022, Bey set a Pistons franchise record for most 3-pointers made in a season, breaking Allan Houston's previous record of 191. On March 31, 2022, Bey became the first ever Piston to make 200 3-pointers in a single season.
Career statistics
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Detroit
| 70 || 53 || 27.3 || .404 || .380 || .844 || 4.5 || 1.4 || .7 || .2 || 12.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Detroit
| 82 || 82 || 33.0 || .396 || .346 || .827 || 5.4 || 2.8 || .9 || .2 || 16.1
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 152 || 135 || 30.3 || .399 || .361 || .833 || 5.0 || 2.2 || .8 || .2 || 14.3
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| Villanova
| 36 || 29 || 29.6 || .458 || .374 || .644 || 5.1 || 1.3 || .9 || .3 || 8.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"| Villanova
| 31 || 31 || 33.9 || .477 || .451 || .769 || 4.7 || 2.4 || .8 || .4 || 16.1
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 67 || 60 || 31.6 || .469 || .418 || .728 || 4.9 || 1.8 || .8 || .4 || 11.9
References
External links
Villanova Wildcats bio
1999 births
Living people
21st-century African-American sportspeople
African-American basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Maryland
Brooklyn Nets draft picks
Detroit Pistons players
People from Largo, Maryland
Small forwards
Sportspeople from the Washington metropolitan area
Villanova Wildcats men's basketball players
21st-century African-American men
Tether Rock () is a rock outlier 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) north of Lindstrom Ridge in the Darwin Mountains. The rock marks the north margin of ice-covered Access Slope, a route through the Circle Icefall of upper Darwin Glacier. Named in association with Lindstrom Ridge, to which Tether Rock appears to be subglacially connected.
Rock formations of Oates Land
Harm's Way is an American straight edge hardcore punk band from Chicago, Illinois, formed in 2006. The band started as a side project, but ended up becoming a more serious and full-time band in their later years. Harm's Way has since released four studio albums: Reality Approaches (2009), Isolation (2011) and Rust (2015) and several EPs. On February 9, 2018, the band released their critically acclaimed Metal Blade Records debut, titled Posthuman. They have been recognized for their unique blend of metal, industrial, and hardcore music.
History
In 2006, the members of a straight edge punk band called Few and the Proud started a "side project-slash-joke" band to have fun playing short-and-fast powerviolence songs influenced by Crossed Out and Infest. Harm's Way drummer Chris Mills commented on the band's early days and progression, stating: "We'd play super fast powerviolence songs, and our singer would put on a mask and sing silly lyrics about beating up frat boys or whatever. Then, later as the band became more serious, we retired a lot of those elements and went in a more death metal direction—darker and less ridiculous, even if some aspects of it still weren't 100 percent serious." Harm's Way released several albums, EPs and singles through Organized Crime Records and Closed Casket Activities in their early days.
After the release of their 2011 second studio album Isolation, Harm's Way emailed Jacob Bannon (Converge) and his label Deathwish Inc. after hearing that he was a fan of the band's music to ask if the label would be interested in signing them. The band's signing to Deathwish was announced in March 2013. Harm's Way released the EP Blinded on July 23, 2013 featuring artwork by Florian Bertmer, and promoted it with a music video for the track "Mind Control" followed by a world tour. Mills commented on their positive relationship with the label, stating: "It's been awesome—they've been really helpful, we have a bigger budget, we were able to do a music video. They've been willing to do anything we've really wanted. They're really supportive." The Blinded EP also saw the band incorporating more Godflesh-influenced industrial metal into their sound.
Harm's Way released its third studio album Rust through Deathwish on March 10, 2015 and promoted it with a music video for the track "Amongst the Rust." Commenting on the band's musical and imagery changes with Rust, Mills said: "We're still locked into these niches in people's minds—you know, meathead tough guy hardcore band, Satan-worshipping death metal band, whatever. We see Rust as not just a new musical phase—we're changing up the old logo and taking a different direction with the imagery to try to steer people away from generalizations and assumptions based on stuff that really doesn't represent who we are as people or musicians." The album was met with generally positive reviews. Writing for Rock Sound, Chris Hidden gave the album an eight-out-of-ten, and said: "This new record finds them in formidable form, with the likes of 'Amongst The Rust' and 'Cancerous Ways' blending the down-tuned riff attack of nu metal with groove-led thrash and the crushing intensity of hardcore to produce a sound that references everyone from Sepultura to Trapped Under Ice." Harm's Way began touring in support of Rust with a March/April 2015 North American tour with Code Orange and others, a May/June European tour, the European leg of Deathwish Fest and US headlining tour in July, and touring North American with The Black Dahlia Murder in October.
On 6 December 2017, the band announced their fourth studio album, and Metal Blade Records debut, titled Posthuman. The record was set for release on 9 February 2018, and was produced by Will Putney at Graphic Nature Audio. After the album release and a February–March US tour, Luca Cimarusti wrote for the Chicago Reader, "...they've finally fully realized their fascination with [Godflesh]. ...Posthuman is one of the darkest, heaviest records you'll hear this year." A year later, Harm's Way released a four-song EP titled PSTHMN featuring industrial remixes of songs from Posthuman.
Musical style
The band's musical style has been described as hardcore punk, metalcore industrial metal, industrial, and death metal. The band's early work has been described as powerviolence. They also incorporate elements of groove metal, industrial, death metal, black metal, and nu metal into their sound. The band's music has been compared to bands like Code Orange, Slipknot, and Godflesh.
Band members
Current members
James Pligge – lead vocals
Bo Lueders – guitars
Christopher Mills – drums
Nick Gauthier – guitars
Casey Soyk – bass
Former members
John Hoffman – guitars
Jon Caution – bass
Andrew Saba
Jay Jancetic – guitars
David Winslow Cronin
Discography
Studio albums
Reality Approaches (2009, Organized Crime)
Isolation (2011, Closed Casket Activities)
Rust (2015, Deathwish)
Posthuman (2018, Metal Blade)
Extended plays
Imprisoned (2007, Organized Crime)
Harm's Way (2008, Organized Crime)
No Gods, No Masters (2010, Closed Casket Activities)
Blinded (2013, Deathwish)
PSTHMN (2019, Metal Blade)
Singles
"Breeding Grounds" (2011, Closed Casket Activities)
Music videos
"Mind Control" (2013)
"Amongst the Rust" (2015)
"Left to Disintegrate" (2015)
"Become a Machine" (2018)
Notes
References
External links
Harm's Way on Bandcamp
Harm's Way discography at Rate Your Music
Hardcore punk groups from Illinois
Musical groups established in 2006
Deathwish Inc. artists
Musical groups from Chicago
Powerviolence groups
Straight edge groups
2006 establishments in Illinois
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1689.
Events
April 30 – Thomas Shadwell becomes Poet Laureate and Historiographer Royal in England.
April/May – Jonathan Swift becomes secretary to Sir William Temple.
May 26 – Matsuo Bashō begins the journey described in Oku no Hosomichi (Narrow Road to the Deep North).
New books
Prose
Richard Cox –
George Hickes –
John Locke
Two Treatises of Government
A Letter Concerning Toleration
An Essay Concerning Human Understanding (dated 1690)
John Selden (posthumously) – Table Talk
Johann Weikhard von Valvasor – The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola (Die Ehre deß Hertzogthums Crain)
Drama
Aphra Behn – The Widow Ranter
James Carlile – The Fortune Hunters
Sor Juana – (Love the Greater Labyrinth)
Nathaniel Lee – The Massacre of Paris
William Mountfort – The Successful Strangers
Thomas Shadwell – Bury Fair
Nahum Tate – Dido and Aeneas
Matthew Taubman – London's Great Jubilee
Births
January 18 – Charles de Secondat, Baron de Montesquieu, French satirist (died 1755)
January 21 – Daniel Henchman, Colonial American bookseller and publisher (died 1761)
May 26 – Lady Mary Wortley Montagu, English poet and letter-writer (died 1762)
July 9 – Alexis Piron, French epigrammatist (died 1773)
August 19 (bapt.) – Samuel Richardson, English novelist (died 1761)
Deaths
January – William Chamberlayne, English poet and playwright (born c. 1619)
February 21 – Isaac Vossius, Dutch-born collector of manuscripts (born 1618)
April 16 – Aphra Behn, English dramatist, poet and novelist (born 1640)
August 21 – William Cleland, Scottish soldier and poet (killed in battle, born c. 1661)
November 13 – Philipp von Zesen, German poet and hymn-writer (born 1619)
December 13 – Zbigniew Morsztyn, Polish poet (born c. 1628)
Unknown date – Pjetër Bogdani, Albanian-language author (born c. 1630)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Ralf J. J. Mackenbach is a Dutch plasma physicist, artist and former child star who rose to prominence after winning the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Kyiv, Ukraine with the song "Click Clack". He is the first and so far only Dutch winner of the contest.
Biography
Early life
Mackenbach was born in Best and has an older brother Rick (born 1993). As a child, he starred in the musicals Tarzan and Beauty and the Beast. He attended Amsterdam's dancing academy Lucia Marthas, and studied acting at Centrum voor de Kunsten Eindhoven (CKE) in Eindhoven.
Musical career
In 2009, at the age of thirteen, Mackenbach won the 2009 edition of Junior Songfestival with the song "Click Clack". As a result, he represented The Netherlands in the 2009 Junior Eurovision Song Contest in Kyiv, Ukraine, and finished in the top spot with 121 points. "Click Clack" peaked at #7 in the Single Top 100. Subsequently, he appeared in both the 2010 and 2012 contests as part of an interval act.
Mackenbach's debut album RALF achieved a top 10 spot in the Dutch album charts and entered the Flemish album charts at #59. In March 2011, it achieved gold status with over 25.000 sales.
In 2011, he participated in the show Sterren dansen op het ijs. He was a judge on the 2011 edition of the Dutch talent show My Name is.... In 2019, he appeared as a judge on the Dutch adaptation of All Together Now.
Academic career
After graduating from secondary school with a VWO certificate, Mackenbach studied at the TU Eindhoven. In 2019, he finished a master's degree in nuclear fusion, for which he wrote the dissertation Numerical Modelling of Mode Penetration in Cylindrical Geometries using M3D-C1.
Discography
Albums
RALF (2010)
Moving On (2011)
Seventeen (2012)
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Dutch child singers
Dutch people of Austrian descent
Dutch people of German descent
Junior Eurovision Song Contest entrants for the Netherlands
Junior Eurovision Song Contest winners
Dutch pop singers
Dutch singer-songwriters
People from Best, Netherlands
21st-century Dutch singers
The 2008 Gran Turismo D1 Grand Prix series was the eighth season for the D1 Grand Prix series and the third for the D1 Street Legal spinoff series. The US series was proposed for a second season in November 2007, but in February 2008, due to commitments, the series was cancelled, leaving the as the only year the US series ever took place, despite being exhibition rounds. The series began March 29, 2008 for the D1SL and March 30 for D1GP at Ebisu Circuit. The series ended with a non-point scoring World All-Star event held at Irwindale Speedway on November 30, 2008 and concluded altogether on December 14 as a D1SL point scoring round.
Schedule
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
Round 6
Round 7
Final Championship Results
D1GP
D1SL
Highlighted in blue - 100pt tansou (solo run) bonus
Source: D1GP Official Site 2008 Championship table
Sources
無題ドキュメント (D1GP.co.jp)
References
D1 Grand Prix seasons
D1 Grand Prix
2008 in Japanese motorsport
The Timothy J. Lynch House is a historic house at 416 N. 4th Avenue in Maywood, Illinois. The house, a large Chicago bungalow, was built in 1927. While thousands of bungalows were built in the Chicago area in the 1920s, including many others in Maywood, the Lynch House is unusual both for its size and its level of ornamentation. The house's design includes a main entrance with arched sidelights, round arched windows in a large front bay, patterned stained glass panels, and a green tile roof. Like many Chicago bungalows, the design features several elements of Prairie School architecture, such as the geometric designs in its stained glass windows, overhanging eaves, and wood trim on every door and window.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 24, 1992.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Cook County, Illinois
Bungalow architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1927
Maywood, Illinois
Sharada Gyan Peeth International School is a Malad based private co-educational English medium school. The School is providing syllabus based on ICSE board pattern.
References
Oficial Website
International schools in Mumbai
Educational institutions established in 2006
2006 establishments in Maharashtra
Pseudomyrina is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Lycaenidae
Lycaenidae genera
The Libya women's national football team is the national football team of Libya. It does not have FIFA recognition. It is not ranked by FIFA. There are development plans in the country to improve the state of women's football.
History
Beginnings
The Libya women's national team played its first international match...
The team
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team, including Libya who have not played in a FIFA sanctioned match . In 2006, a FIFA recognised senior A team did not official exist. In 2010, the country did not have a team competing in the African Women's Championships. The country did not have a team competing at the 2011 All Africa Games. , a team from Libya was not ranked in the world by FIFA.
Background and development
Early development of the women's game at the time colonial powers brought football to the continent was limited as colonial powers in the region tended to take make concepts of patriarchy and women's participation in sport with them to local cultures that had similar concepts already embedded in them. The lack of later development of the national team on a wider international level symptomatic of all African teams is a result of several factors, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female specific human rights abuses. When quality female football players are developed, they tend to leave for greater opportunities abroad. Continent wide, funding is also an issue, with most development money coming from FIFA, not the national football association. Future success for women's football in Africa is dependent on improved facilities and access by women to these facilities. Attempting to commercialise the game and make it commercially viable is not the solution, as demonstrated by the current existence of many youths and women's football camps held throughout the continent.
The women's game is severely underdeveloped in Libya. A project was in development in 2004 to try to improve the state of the game for women, mirroring a similar project done in Afghanistan. In 2006, there were 0 registered female players in the country. That year, a committee was under development to better register and track female footballers. In 2006, there were no women's teams in the country. Football is played by girls aged 9 to 18 in school. There were 0 registered female futsal players in 2006 though there are some unregistered female futsal players in the country. Rights to broadcast the 2011 Women's World Cup in the country were bought by Al Jazeera and Eurosport.
The national federation was created in 1962 and joined FIFA in 1964. Their kid includes green shirts, white shorts and green socks. In 2006, there were three staff members dedicated to working on women's football in the country.
In 2021 The Libyan Football Association, headed by Abdul Hakim Al-Shalmani, announced the launch of the first women's league in the country's history, and the actual start will be on the first of next September.
Home stadium
The Libya women's national team play their home matches on...
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Coaching staff
Players
Current squad
The following players were named on date month year for the xxx tournament. tournament.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 30 October 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Libya squad in the past 12 months.
Individual records
Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 2020.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Managers
Competitive record
Champions Runners-up Third place Fourth place
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Africa Women Cup of Nations
(The former format was amended as it did not comply with MOS:FLAG as discussed here)
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
African Games
Regional
UNAF Women's Tournament
Mediterranean Games
Arab Women's Championship
Honours
All−time record against FIFA recognized nations
The list shown below shows the Libyan national women's football team all−time international record against opposing nations.
*As of xxxxxx after match against xxxx. Update using wiki page still friendly match 1/1/2022
Key
Record per opponent
*As ofxxxxx after match against xxxxx.
Key
The following table shows Sudan's all-time official international record per opponent:
See also
Sport in Libya
Football in Libya
Women's football in Libya
Libya women's national under-20 football team
Libya women's national under-17 football team
References
External links
African women's national association football teams
national
The Deutscher Tischtennis-Verband (DTTV) was the governing body for table tennis in the German Democratic Republic. It was a constituent sports association within the larger Deutscher Turn- und Sportbund, which was the primary sports authority in the country and a part of the National Front. Shortly after German reunification in 1990, the DTTV was absorbed by the German Table Tennis Association (DTTB).
See also
Deutscher Turn- und Sportbund
Sports associations (East Germany)
References
Sports governing bodies in East Germany
Sports organizations established in 1958
Organizations disestablished in 1990
1958 establishments in East Germany
1990 disestablishments in Germany
Koreans in Argentina (also known as Argentine Koreans or Korean Argentines) form the second-largest Korean diaspora community in South America and the 16th largest in the world, according to the statistics of South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade. Their population declined by more than 50% between 1997 and 2003. Despite the small rebound in their numbers since then, they have been surpassed in size by the rapidly growing Chinese Argentine community (which since the 1990s has been increasing non-stop and is expected to become one of the biggest immigrant groups in Argentina, together with Paraguayan, Bolivian and Peruvian immigrants). In the 2010s decade, the Korean community in Argentina has fallen behind Korean communities in Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, the United States, Brazil, Canada, Singapore, The United Arab Emirates and Southeast Asia.
Nevertheless, the relevance of the community and especially its weight among the Korean communities, has been hailed on more than one occasion. For example, the Centro Cultural Coreano-Argentino (Korean-Argentine Cultural Center) was created with its headquarters precisely in Argentina.
Migration history
Beginnings
Records still exist that show the presence of a few Koreans in Argentina as early as 1940, when Korea was still a Japanese colony. However, the first well-known Korean migrants to Argentina were twelve North Korean prisoners of the Korean War who declined the repatriation offered them under the terms of the Korean Armistice Agreement and chose instead to start a new life on another continent; they were finally resettled in Argentina in 1956 and 1957 by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
South Koreans first came to Argentina in the 1960s, under an intergovernmental agreement between the two countries. The first ones began arriving in 1962 as re-migrants from among the communities of Koreans in Paraguay and Koreans in Chile. However, the date most often identified as the start of Korean migration to Argentina is 14 October 1965, when a group of thirteen families from Busan arrived by ship in Buenos Aires en route to Choele Choel in Río Negro Province. Between 1970 and 1978, five hundred more families, totalling 2,800 individuals, arrived in Argentina, with the Argentine government specifically intending them to settle in less-developed rural areas of Argentina. They were supposed to have agricultural experience in Korea; however, few actually did. Due to the lack of economic infrastructure and employment opportunities in those regions, they resettled in urban centres.
Mass migration and re-migration
The largest and most noticeable influx of Korean immigrants to Argentina began in the 1980s. The total number of migrants between 1965 and 1985 only amounted to roughly 6,000, but began to increase sharply after that. By that time, South Korea was a modern and industrialised country, but the sharp recession provided a significant push factor for overseas migration; the signing of the Acto de Procedimiento between the Argentine and South Korean governments that year established and outlet for that migration. Obtaining residency was not cheap; businesspeople who sought to establish themselves and obtain a residency permit had to invest US$100,000. The population peaked at an estimated 50,000 individuals in 1996.
In the late 1990s, migration largely came to a halt, and the size of the community began to decrease; there were a few cases of new migrants who came for family reunification
, and some others were deported from the country, but the largest cause of the diminution of the community was re-
migration, largely to Canada and the United States. The most common destination in the U.S., not just for Koreans but for others leaving Argentina, was Miami, Florida, already home to a thriving pan-Latino community. Due to their multilingual skills and business experience, Koreans typically fared better in the job market than other emigrants from Argentina. The push for emigration was amplified with the onset of the 1999 Argentine economic crisis. After reaching a nadir of 15,500 individuals in 2003, the population recovered to 19,171 in 2005 and then 22,024 in 2009. The Korean population remained roughly stable at 22,354 people in 2011; among these, 7,420 were Argentine nationals, 14,340 had permanent residency, four were international students, and 590 had other types of visas. Almost 90% (19,864 people) were recorded as living in Buenos Aires or its vicinity.
Employment
Many of the Korean immigrants who arrived in the 1980s possessed professional qualifications in fields as diverse as pharmacy, accounting, and history; however, due to the language barrier, and also the desire to get the maximum return from the capital they had invested in Argentina, they went into small businesses in which all members of the family could contribute their labour. Textile importation and clothing manufacturing was a widespread choice. Korean business owners took advantage of intra-ethnic networks both to find additional labourers, and also to gain access to further capital, in the form of rotating credit associations. In the 1990s, members of the locally educated 1.5 and second generations moved away from small business and again branched out into the professions which their parents had abandoned, typically medicine, fashion design, and architecture.
Inter-ethnic relations
Koreans in Argentina are better-integrated with the local population than Koreans in Paraguay, but less so than Korean Brazilians. Argentines initially perceived Koreans as hard-working, intelligent, and honest, but their image took a turn for the worse in the 1980s, precisely as more began arriving in the country—instead, they came to be viewed as exploiters and opportunists. Koreans' entry into the textile industry provided ample fuel for ethnic friction as they outcompeted their co-industrialists through hard work, consisting of twelve- to fourteen-hour days, and use of cheap labour, limited not just to family members but, in some publicized cases, illegal immigrants from neighbouring Bolivia as well. Xenophobic news reports falsely accused them of stealing electricity from power companies, thus cementing in the public mind the idea that the Korean immigrants thrived at the expense of the rest of Argentina. Since Argentina has a rigid class stratification system and their popular national identity is based on an exclusive European racial representation, Koreans inevitably stirred resentment towards their presence.
Children of Korean immigrants also had a difficult time getting accepted as Argentines due to their parents' poor command of the Spanish language, different food, and different customs such as taking off ones' shoes at the front door of the house. In a process common to ethnic minorities in all societies, the second generation conceived the values of the mainstream to be universal, while placing less worth on those of their ancestral culture. In response to their exclusion from the identity of "Argentine", youth of Korean descent often cling to a purely local identity, such as "Porteño" (used to refer to people from Buenos Aires), thus avoiding the need to categorise themselves by ethnicity or nationality. Ethnic Korean women are often fetishised by Argentine men.
In many cases, it is not until they go overseas, especially to the United States, that ethnic Koreans who grew up in Argentina are accepted as full Argentines; their Argentine accent functions as a marker of distinction and identity in the diverse Spanish-speaking community there.
Culture
Language
Most Koreans in Argentina speak both Korean and Spanish, with varying degrees of proficiency. Argentina has five community-operated weekend schools which teach the Korean language as a heritage language to locally born ethnic Korean youth. In recent years, the schools have shifted towards offering cultural activities aimed at the mainstream, such as Korean language courses. Among youth, proficiency in the Korean language is an important marker of community belonging; those who never learned it well in childhood are often inspired by Korean cinema and Korean television dramas to study it more fully.
Religion
The majority of the Koreans in Argentina are Protestant, while small minorities follow Buddhism or the Roman Catholic faith of the mainstream. The country boasts a total of thirty Korean Protestant churches. The earliest ones, the Iglesia Unión Coreana en Argentina and the Iglesia Chae-Il—now one of the largest—were founded in 1966 and 1967, respectively. The one described as "most representative" of the population is the Misión Chung Ang (also known as the Iglesia Central), a Presbyterian church established in 1972. Korean churches were some of the first ethnic-specific churches in Argentina; however, despite their important function in maintaining Korean identity and culture among the immigrants and their children, they have not restricted themselves solely to the Korean community—for example, Chung Ang conduct missionary work in the poorer and more marginalised communities of the interior, especially in Misiones.
K-Pop
In recent years, many Argentine youths have become interested in Korean culture due to the rise of K-pop. The Korean Cultural Center in Buenos Aires sponsors the largest K-pop festival in Argentina and it attracts thousands of participants every year. In 2017, participants arrived from 16 different countries in Latin America.
Other traditions
Korean martial arts remain widely practised among the Korean community of Argentina, and have also made significant inroads in the rest of society. In addition to taekwondo, which has a following in numerous countries, the globally less-common shippalgi is quite well known in Argentina, practised actively by more than 70,000 people. Its growth largely resulted from the 1970 immigration to Argentina of Yoo Soo-nam, one of the world's foremost masters in the art. The efforts of Yoo, who taught shippalgi at the Colegio Militar de Campo de Mayo from 1971 until 1980, resulted in its adoption by the Special Operations Group of the Federal Police.
Argentine asado (grilled meat) is popular among Koreans just as among other communities, but they typically eat it with kimchi as a side dish rather than the more common salads or French fries.
In 2005, the Club Deportivo Coreano (Korean Sports Club) was founded in Lobos, Buenos Aires which plays Football, this is quite common with immigrant communities in Argentina, since the Spanish, Italian and Armenian communities already had clubs of their own. They play in the fifth division league, Torneo Argentino C.
The Kim Yun Shin Museum of Fine Arts, Argentina's first art museum of Korean motif, opened its doors on 8 December 2008. The institution, located at 2945 Felipe Vallese St. in the Floresta District, was created on the initiative of Kim Yun Shin, a South Korean painter who graduated from Seoul's Hongik University and has resided in Buenos Aires since 1984.
Education
Instituto Coreano Argentino, a South Korean international school, is in Buenos Aires.
Cenotaph
A cenotaph honoring the first arrival of korean immigrants in argentina stands in LaMarque.
Notable individuals
Leonardo Nam, Hollywood actor born in Buenos Aires to Korean immigrant parents
Chang Kim Sung, known for his role in the television series Graduados
Jae Park, lead singer of rock band Day6
See also
Asian Argentine
References
Notes
Sources
Further reading
External links
Homepage for Corina Courtis, Academy of Korean Studies
Museo Kim Yun Shin, as mentioned above
Asian Argentine
Korean Latin American
Argentina
The Pele Tower in Angle, Pembrokeshire, in southwest Wales is a Grade I-listed stone fortified tower dating back to the 14th century and is the only remaining example of a pele tower in Wales.
History
The tower has been dated to about the 14th century and appears to have been part of a moated medieval mansion. Until about 1930 the remains of another building of similar dimensions were visible where the northern arm of the moat used to be and where Castle Farm is today. The tower has traditionally been known as the "Old Rectory" and lies within the rectorial glebe of the Parish of Angle. One source suggests that the tower was originally constructed and occupied by the Sherbornes, then Lords of Angle, but this has not been confirmed by other sources. The building was listed with Grade I status on 14 May 1970, as it represented a "very important specimen of mediaeval defensive domestic architecture".
Description
The tower is about square. It stands on the northern bank of a tidal creek which runs down to the bay; a moat formerly surrounded the site on the other three sides. The upper floors and roof are missing, but the sandstone rubble walls of the tower are nearly complete. On the north side of the tower, the masonry is random rubble, but the other three sides are built in regular courses with a few small stones to align them. The stair turret protrudes about on the north and east sides. At the top of the building are two-course corbels on all sides except the turret which suggest a parapet walk with Machicolations. The doorway is on the east side of the first floor and has a late-medieval segmented arch. Above it in the second storey are two slits that were most likely for the drawbridge chains. Corbels are placed above them to support a hood.
Each storey consists of a single room about square. The tower has a slightly pointed vaulted basement, which was likely used as a cellar or for storage, a first floor approached by a stair, partly external and partly inside, and a second and third storey accessed through a newel staircase. There are small square windows on the south side facing the creek; all of the other openings are arrow slits. All the floors have fireplaces installed; on the north facing wall for the first and second stories, sharing the same chimney flue inside the wall that ends in a nearly complete chimney. The fireplace for the third storey is on the east wall; all three have stone bressummers. The garderobe is in the east wall of the first storey.
References
Buildings and structures in Pembrokeshire
Grade I listed buildings in Pembrokeshire
Scheduled monuments in Pembrokeshire
The Linda McCartney Racing Team was a British professional road bicycle racing team.
History
The team began in 1998 with Linda McCartney Foods, maker of vegetarian food, sponsoring vegetarian riders and staff. The company was started by Sir Paul McCartney's wife, Linda. Team success would promote vegetarianism and Linda McCartney Foods.
The team was to compete in Britain before expanding to international events. It was initially composed of British riders with more experienced riders joining later to improve credentials for the UCI World Cup and the Grand Tours.
It was the first British team to ride the Giro d'Italia but the increase in cost as the team and its commitments grew — Linda McCartney Foods did not continue sponsorship — led the team to disband in 2001 with reported debts of more than US$1m and a dispute with the UCI over riders' wages.
In 2012, a British investigation was launched into the former team, with allegations that the management did not organise doping, but knew several riders used performance-enhancing drugs and turned a blind eye.
Notable riders
Íñigo Cuesta
Matt DeCanio
Pascal Richard
Max Sciandri
Matt Stephens
Bradley Wiggins
Charly Wegelius
David McKenzie
Ciarán Power
References
Further reading
Cycling teams based in the United Kingdom
Defunct cycling teams based in the United Kingdom
Cycling teams established in 1998
Cycling teams disestablished in 2001
Linda McCartney
10th Anniversary: Platinum Remixes is a remix album from R&B singer/rapper K.Maro released in 2006 that included many remakes and remixes of his earlier hits for 10 years and some original materials. There was a limited edition of 50 000 units for this album.
Track listing
References
K.Maro remix albums
2004 remix albums
French-language remix albums
The Taveta weaver (Ploceus castaneiceps), also known as the Taveta golden weaver, is a species of bird in the weaver family, Ploceidae.
It is found on the African savannah in Kenya and Tanzania. The name of the bird comes from the unique markings/coloration of the bird, as well as how these birds weave intricate nests.
Description
The male Taveta weaver is a vibrant golden yellow color; this color is duller on its back. The wings and tail are a greener color, whereas brown spots are located on the chest. The back of the head is red, and the bill, or beak, is black. The female is an olive color with paler streaks. In general, the Taveta weaver is a small bird, around the size of the finch and closely related to the sparrow.
Vocalizations
Even though they are considered songbirds, the sounds that the bird makes is not pleasing to past human observers. Weavers often make a unique—often described as "weird"—noise to communicate.
Distribution and habitat
This bird can be found on the Savannah in coastal East Africa from eastern Tanzania to south-eastern Kenya. It prefers to live in bulrushes, woodland, and swampy areas. Some sightings of this bird have also been recorded in Asia.
Behaviour and ecology
These birds live in large groups, or colonies.
Breeding
Male weavers build extravagant oval nests over water attached to stems of reeds or grasses. The Taveta weavers lay two or three glossy, dark, olive-green eggs. The female bird chooses who she will mate, depending on how impressed she is with a male's skill to construct a nest.
Feeding
The Taveta weaver eats mostly seeds, though they have been seen to feed from small insects. The offspring receive food from the mother. This bird also feeds on corn and grasses.
Special adaptations
The Taveta weaver has strong claws and bills which enable the bird to weave complex nests. Nests can sometimes fill an entire tree; the weaver usually breeds within the colonies.
Status
The Taveta weaver is currently not endangered.
References
Peoria Zoo of Illinois (accredited member of AZA)
External links
Taveta weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Ploceus
Birds described in 1890
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The restinga tyrannulet (Phylloscartes kronei) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae, the tyrant flycatchers. It is endemic to Brazil, on the south Atlantic coast centered on the state of Paraná in a 150 km wide coastal strip. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Restinga tyrannulet videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Restinga tyrannulet photo gallery VIREO
restinga tyrannulet
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
restinga tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 34th annual Berlin International Film Festival was held from 17–28 February 1984. The festival opened with The Noah's Ark Principle by Roland Emmerich. The Golden Bear was awarded to the American film Love Streams directed by John Cassavetes. The retrospective was dedicated to German-American actor, screenwriter, producer and film director Ernst Lubitsch. The Honorary Golden Bear was awarded to American director Jules Dassin and Greek actress Melina Mercouri and the Homage section was dedicated to the couple.
Jury
The following people were announced as being on the jury for the festival:
Liv Ullmann, actress (Norway) - Jury President
Jules Dassin, director, screenwriter and producer (United States)
Edward Bennett, director and screenwriter (United Kingdom)
Manuela Cernat-Gheorghiu, film historian (Romania)
Lana Gogoberidze, director and screenwriter (Soviet Union)
Tullio Kezich, film critic, playwright and screenwriter (Italy)
Steffen Kuchenreuther, producer and distributor (West Germany)
Jeanine Meerapfel, director and screenwriter (West Germany)
Kevin Thomas, film critic (United States)
Mario Vargas Llosa, writer and playwright (Peru)
Adolphe Viezzi, producer (France)
Films in competition
The following films were in competition for the Golden Bear:
Out of competition
Marlene, directed by Maximilian Schell (West Germany)
Nosferatu, eine Symphonie des Grauens, directed by F. W. Murnau (Germany)
Rue barbare, directed by Gilles Béhat (France)
El señor Galíndez, directed by Rodolfo Kuhn (Argentina, Spain)
Star 80, directed by Bob Fosse (USA)
Testament, directed by Lynne Littman (USA)
Terms of Endearment, directed by James L. Brooks (USA)
Wanderkrebs, directed by Herbert Achternbusch (West Germany)
Key
{| class="wikitable" width="550" colspan="1"
| style="background:#FFDEAD;" align="center"| †
|Winner of the main award for best film in its section
|-
| colspan="2"| The opening and closing films are screened during the opening and closing ceremonies respectively.
|}
Retrospective
The following films were shown in the retrospective dedicated to Ernst Lubitsch 1914-1933:
The following films were shown in the retrospective dedicated to Jules Dassin and Melina Mercouri:
Films in other sections
The festival's Forum section included a presentation of Memory of the Camps, a 1946 rough cut of the British feature-length account of Nazi wartime atrocities, German Concentration Camps Factual Survey, the significance of the unfinished work having only recently been understood.
Awards
The following prizes were awarded by the Jury:
Golden Bear: Love Streams by John Cassavetes
Silver Bear – Special Jury Prize: No habrá más penas ni olvido by Héctor Olivera
Silver Bear for Best Director: Ettore Scola for Le Bal
Silver Bear for Best Actress: Inna Churikova for Voenno-polevoy roman
Silver Bear for Best Actor: Albert Finney for The Dresser
Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement: Monica Vitti for Flirt
Silver Bear:
Rembetiko by Costas Ferris
Morgen in Alabama by Norbert Kückelmann
Honourable Mention: Jean-Marie Straub, Danièle Huillet for Klassenverhältnisse
FIPRESCI Award
Love Streams by John Cassavetes and No habrá más penas ni olvido by Héctor Olivera
References
External links
34th Berlin International Film Festival 1984
1984 Berlin International Film Festival
Berlin International Film Festival:1984 at Internet Movie Database
34
1984 film festivals
1984 in West Germany
1980s in West Berlin
Berlin
Treasure Hammock Ranch Farmstead is a national historic site located at 8005 37th Street, Vero Beach, Florida in Indian River County. The farmstead is part of the Treasure Hammock Ranch, used for cattle farming since 1943 when Sexton family bought the original 400 acres.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 11, 2013.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Indian River County, Florida
Gayraud Stephen Wilmore Jr. (December 20, 1921 – April 18, 2020) was an American writer, historian, ethicist, educator, and theologian, known for his role in the Civil Rights Movement and his scholarship related to the history of the African-American church and the history of African-American religious experience, as well as his contributions to black theology.
Early life and army service
Wilmore was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to a mother who was a domestic worker and a father who was an office clerk. His father, a World War I veteran, founded the first Black American Legion Post in the state of Pennsylvania.
In high school, Wilmore was active in drama club, wrote for the school newspaper, and briefly joined the Young Communist League before graduating in 1938.
After high school, he enrolled at Lincoln University, but was soon drafted into the United States Army. As a Buffalo Soldier, he served with the all-black 92nd Infantry division in Italy.
After returning to the United States, he completed his studies at Lincoln University, receiving his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1947.
Ministry and academic career
Wilmore completed a Bachelor of Divinity degree in 1950, also at Lincoln University. Soon after graduation he was ordained by the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) and appointed pastor of the Second Presbyterian Church in West Chester, Pennsylvania. He would serve that congregation for three years. During his time in West Chester he helped integrate the local school system, with one of his sons becoming the first black student to attend an all-white school.
He began his first serious work related to civil rights when he was appointed to the PCUSA's Board of Christian Education's Department of Social Education and Action. He became an associate executive on the board, holding the position for five years. Wilmore then became a member of the faculty of Pittsburgh Theological Seminary, where he worked from 1959 to 1963 as assistant professor of social ethics. In 1963, when the 175th General Assembly of the UPCUSA convened, it created the Commission on Religion and Race, naming Wilmore as its executive director. During his time as executive director, Wilmore oversaw several racial justice initiatives, organized protests, and trained ministers to participate in boycotts. He served as executive director from 1962 until 1972.
Upon his retirement from the commission, he joined the faculty at Boston University School of Theology, teaching social ethics there from 1972 until 1974. He then taught at Colgate Rochester Divinity School from 1974 until 1983, before joining New York Theological Seminary, where he served as dean of divinity until 1987. He moved again to teach church history at the Interdenominational Theological Center in Atlanta, Georgia, where he also became editor of the school's theology journal. He remained at the school for five years before joining the faculty of United Theological Seminary in Dayton, Ohio, as an adjunct professor from 1995 until 1998.
He died on April 18, 2020 at the age of 98.
Publications
Wilmore wrote or edited 16 books and is considered an Internationally acclaimed scholar and theologian of the history of the African-American church and black theology. He was a contributing editor to Christianity and Crisis.
Among his more popular books are Black Theology: A Documentary History, 1966–1979 (edited with James Hal Cone and published in 1979); Black Religion and Black Radicalism: An Interpretation of the Religious History of African Americans, which was published in 1998; and Pragmatic Spirituality, published in 2004.
References
1921 births
2020 deaths
Colgate Rochester Crozer Divinity School faculty
Interdenominational Theological Center alumni
Military personnel from Philadelphia
Writers from Dayton, Ohio
Writers from Philadelphia
African-American theologians
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
A proving ground (US) is an installation or reservation in which technology such as weapons, military tactics and automobile prototypes are experimented with or tested. Proving grounds can be operated by government bodies or civilian industries. They are distinct from military training areas which are run by the military and intended for the routine training and exercising of troops across the terrain.
Military and government
Germany
Peenemünde Army Research Centre, WW2 guided missile and rocket development and testing centre
Republic of Korea
Anheung Proving Ground, Taean County (36.680° 126.200°)
Russia/former Soviet Union
In Russia, a designated area is usually called a "polygon" (Полигон).
Kapustin Yar, aerial weapons and rocket test range used by the North Caucasus Military District
Totskoye range, test range in the Urals where nuclear tests were carried out in 1954
YakutiaChallenge, winter test proving ground in Yakutia, Eastern Siberia
North America
United States
In the United States, there are several military facilities that have been explicitly designated as proving grounds.
Aberdeen Proving Ground, a United States Army facility in Aberdeen, Maryland. It is the Army's oldest active proving ground, established on October 20, 1917, six months after the United States entered World War I. It was created so that design and testing of ordnance material could be carried out in proximity to the nation's industrial and shipping centers at the time.
Dugway Proving Ground, an active facility operated by the United States Army Test and Evaluation Command in the Great Salt Lake Desert of Utah. Dugway's mission is to test U.S. and Allied biological and chemical weapon defense systems.
Fort Belvoir Proving Ground, in Fairfax County, Virginia
Indian Head Naval Surface Warfare Center, located in Indian Head, Maryland and at one time called the Indian Head Proving Ground
Jefferson Proving Ground, in Madison, Indiana. It was principally a munitions testing facility of Test and Evaluation Command of the United States Army Material Development and Readiness Command. The facility was ordered closed in 1989 as part of the Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) process.
Pacific Proving Grounds, an inactive U.S. Department of Energy area in the Marshall Islands that were established by the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission in 1946 for nuclear weapons testing. It mainly consists of Bikini Atoll, Enewetak Atoll & the surrounding area, and was deactivated in 1963.
Sandy Hook Proving Ground, in Sandy Hook, New Jersey, was the nation's first such facility. It was created in 1874 and was used as a proving ground until 1919.
Scituate Proving Ground, a former proving ground in Scituate, Massachusetts, operational from 1918 to 1921
Yuma Proving Ground, a United States Army facility situated in southwestern La Paz County and western Yuma County in southwestern Arizona, approximately northeast of the city of Yuma. The proving ground is used for testing military equipment and encompasses 1,307.8 square miles (3,387.2 km²) in the Sonoran Desert.
Automotive
Automotive proving grounds or automotive test tracks serve the automotive industry for road vehicle testing. In the automotive development process, vehicle manufacturers typically test the behaviour of vehicles in various environments and traffic situations. Conventional vehicle testing usually focuses on the dynamic properties of vehicles. Test tracks generally encompass the engineering tasks of vehicle testing and validation.
With the advent of self-driving cars, new proving grounds specially dedicated for them have appeared, and existing conventional proving grounds have been retooled for the testing of highly automated or fully autonomous vehicles.
Automaker-owned
Chrysler Proving Grounds
Ford Proving Grounds
General Motors Proving Grounds
((Hyundai Ulsan proving ground))
((Hyundai Hwaseong proving ground 현대,기아 화성주행시험장 ))
Mazda Proving Grounds
Nissan Proving Grounds
Nardò Ring (Porsche)
Ehra-Lessien test track (Volkswagen)
Independent
Source:
Applus+ IDIADA proving ground, Spain
4activeSystems Test Track, Traboch, Austria. An all-in-one test track next to 4activeSystems' headquarters, an testing equipment manufacturer for ADAS and autonomous driving.
(( Hwaseong Songsan proving round by www.katri.or.kr , www.ts.go.kr 교통안전공단 자동차안전연구원 주행시험장 ))
, Germany
Bruntingthorpe Airfield & Proving Ground, United Kingdom
Digitrans Automotive Proving Ground, St. Valentin, Austria
HORIBA MIRA, United Kingdom
Lang Lang Proving Ground, Australia
GoMentum Station, United States
Millbrook Proving Ground, United Kingdom
Nevada Automotive Testing Center, United States
Southern Hemisphere Proving Grounds, New Zealand
TRIWO Automotive Testing Center, near Frankfurt and Saarbrücken, Germany
UTAC, headquartered in Linas-Montlhéry France where it operates Autodrome de Linas-Montlhéry operational since 1924 the first of its eight proving grounds located in 10 countries.
ZalaZone Automotive Proving Ground, Hungary
Footnotes
Further reading
Edwin A. Martini (ed.), Proving Grounds: Militarized Landscapes, Weapons Testing, and the Environmental Impact of US Bases. Seattle, WA: University of Washington Press, 2015.
External links
Finnish ordnance center at mil.fi (in Finnish)
YakutiaChallenge
Drawsko Pomorskie Training Area
Otterburn Training Area
Military installations
William H. Thompson (April 24, 1852 - February 4, 1923) was an American actor on stage, in vaudeville, and in films.
Early years
Thompson was born in Scotland on April 24, 1852 and came to the United States when he was six years old. Both of his grandfathers were ministers, and his father was Joseph Thompson, a clergyman of Scotch Presbyterian Church. He also had an aunt who was an actress.
When he was young, Thompson worked as a call boy at Daly's Theater in New York. By the time he was 14 years old, he knew the lines and plots of most classic plays, leading experienced actors to refer to him as "the human prompt book". When his father died and left his entire estate of $130,000 for constructing a memorial temple in New York City, Thompson decided to become an actor. By age 20 he was playing second-character parts.
Career
Thompson was a member of the original California Theater Company. His career took him from San Francisco to Broadway and then to vaudeville. His Broadway debut came in The Girl I Left Behind Me (1893). He performed in at least 36 Broadway plays, ending with The Czarina (1922).
In 1907, Thompson was among the first actors to leave the legitimate theater to perform in vaudeville. He encouraged other established actors to make that transition and he encouraged young performers in vaudeville, helping them to meet the public's demands. In 1908, he told a reporter, "I had just as soon portray for 20 minutes a character in vaudeville, if only it is worthy, as to play a role in a five-act drama." In 1910, Thompson had his own vaudeville troupe. Its works included performing the sketch Pride of the Regiment at Shea's Theater in Buffalo, New York.
Thompson never sought stardom. Shortly after his death, The Brooklyn Daily Eagle said, "for twenty years he was acknowledged as the best character actor in New York. . . . He played almost everything and he played well everything he tried."
After he had rejected offers to appear in films, Thompson took on the role of Andrew Cameron, uncle of the title character in Peggy (1916). He went on to appear in other films, including Civilization's Child (1916) and The Eye of the Night (1916).
Personal life and death
Thompson married actress Isabel Irving on October 19, 1899 in New Jersey. On February 4, 1923, he died of pneumonia at his home in Manhattan.
References
1852 births
1923 deaths
20th-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male stage actors
Broadway theatre people
Vaudeville performers
Dionysius II () was the Eastern Orthodox Metropolitan of Belgrade from 1813 to 1815.
Biography
Metropolitan Dionisije Nišlija (birth name: Dimitrije Popović) was Reşid Mehmed Pasha's
dragoman (interpreter). Reşid Mehmed Pasha was the commander of Niš for years during the time of Karađorđe's Serbia.
Dionisije was an Orthodox priest in Niš. Reşid Mehmed Pasha brought him to Belgrade, and as a Serb, he was counting on Dionisje to be calming influence among the rayah. Dionisije succeeded the fugitive Metropolitan Leontius (Lambrović) at the chair of the Metropolitanate of Belgrade. He was the Metropolitan of Belgrade and Srem. He carried out his mission responsibly in the name of the Serbian people by founding schools throughout Serbia
A berat (charter/license) appointment from Mahmud II (1808-1839) was received on 7 November 1813. The berat stated: that the Greek patriarch and his synod elected Metropolitan Dionysius, and they begged the sultan to confirm the same person and to issue him a berat, and he would lay the usual pawn for the metropolitan dignity for the royal treasury. The Sultan then ordered that the episcopal protocols kept in the imperial treasury (the treasury) be reviewed, and then he confirmed the elected Dionysius as the Metropolitan of Belgrade, ordering him to pay the usual sum of 21,000 aspri for the berat. Dionysius, as the regional metropolitan, is given the power to appoint and overthrow bishops and priests, the right to unhindered administration of churches and monasteries, disciplinary authority over bishops, monks and priests, as well as the right to inherit bequeathed property from the Orthodox. The Metropolitan, further, has the right to buy peace from bishops, monks and priests and other faithful, to which he has the first according to the existing canons and berets.
Dionsije died in Belgrade at the end of October 1815.
References
Serbian Orthodox clergy
1815 deaths
19th-century Eastern Orthodox bishops
Roads of Destiny is a 1921 American silent drama film produced and distributed by Goldwyn Pictures. The film is based on the 1909 short story of the same name by O. Henry that was turned into a play by Channing Pollock starring Florence Reed. Frank Lloyd directed and stage actress Pauline Frederick starred. The film is now considered lost.
Plot
As summarized in a film publication, David Marsh (Bowers), an inventor, is in love with Ann Hardy (Novak), but his brother Lewis also loves her. Lewis previously loved Rose Merritt (Frederick), but betrayed her and has cast her off. When he sees the success of David with Ann, Lewis reproaches his brother and threatens to end his own life unless he can marry Ann. David, overcome with these events, sinks into an armchair and falls asleep. In his dreams, the figure of Fate (George) appears and tells him that no matter which road he takes, he will find happiness with Ann and will marry her only. Then follow three dreams, one taking place in the North, one in the West, and one in his home town. When he awakes, he finds that Lewis was greeted with the same apparition and has decided to marry Rose, while David marries Ann.
Cast
Pauline Frederick as Rose Merritt
John Bowers as David Marsh
Richard Tucker as Lewis Marsh
Jane Novak as Ann Hardy
Hardee Kirkland as Mr. Hardy
Willard Louis as McPherson
Maude George as Fate
Maurice B. Flynn as Colby
References
External links
1921 films
1921 drama films
Silent American drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
American films based on plays
Films based on short fiction
Films directed by Frank Lloyd
Goldwyn Pictures films
Lost American films
Adaptations of works by O. Henry
1920s American films
Aaron Schaffhausen is a man who murdered his three daughters in their house in River Falls, Wisconsin in 2012.
Background
Aaron and Jessica Schaffhausen married in 2000 and both filed for divorce in 2011; the divorce was finalized in January of the next year. Jessica Schaffhausen, who had primary physical custody, lived with their daughters, Amara, Sophie, and Cecilia in a house in River Falls that they rented from Aaron Schaffhausen, while he lived in Minot, North Dakota. The two parties had joint custody. Amara and Sophie attended Greenwood Elementary School.
Crime
On July 10, 2012, Schaffhausen sent a text message to his ex-wife requesting a visit to their daughters. His ex-wife was not present at the house, and the babysitter left after Schaffhausen arrived. He slit the throats of the three girls. He also strangled Cecilia. Amara, Sophie, and Cecilia were 11, 8, and 5. Schaffhausen later called his ex-wife to tell her that he had killed them. A can of gasoline was spilled onto the ground.
Schaffhausen turned himself in at a police station in River Falls. He was charged with three murders and attempted arson. His bond was set to $2 million.
Trial and punishment
On March 29, 2013 Schaffhausen entered a "guilty but insane" plea. Prosecutors accused him of killing the girls to get revenge against his ex-wife. Schaffhausen stated that this was his motive, but that he did not know right from wrong due to a mental issue. He also pleaded guilty to attempted arson. According to prosecutors, Schaffhausen disliked that his ex-wife was romantically involved with someone else, and he had resentment over the divorce.
In April 2013 a jury ruled that Schaffhausen was sane when he committed the murders. Jurors took three and a half hours to conclude that Schaffhausen knew right from wrong despite his mental issues. Howard Cameron, the St. Croix County judge, gave him three life sentences without parole, one for each victim. In 2014 Cameron also made Schaffhausen pay over $14,000 in restitution to Jessica Schaffhausen; about one-fourth of the money given by his family and any money he earns while in prison will be garnished and given to his ex-wife. In addition he was asked to pay witness costs of $10,000. In 2015 one of Schaffhausen's appeals was denied.
Schaffhausen was housed in the St. Croix County Jail during his trial. He entered the Wisconsin Department of Corrections in July 2013, and is incarcerated at Waupun Correctional Institution.
Aftermath
The funeral for the girls was held at the Kilkarney Hills Golf Club in River Falls on Tuesday, July 17, 2012.
Affinity Plus Federal Credit Union acquired the house where the murders took place. Details Construction dismantled the house; its materials were donated to St. Croix Habitat for Humanity. The credit union used the money generated from the sale of the land to fund a park built in honor of the girls. The Tri-Angels Playground at Hoffman Park, accessible to handicapped children and built with designs referring to each of the three girls, opened in 2015.
Jessica Schaffhausen remarried and had children with her new husband.
See also
Cases of filicide attributed to revenge against an ex-spouse:
John Battaglia
Elaine Campione
Amy Hebert
Murder of the Kumari-Baker sisters
Charles Mihayo
References
External links
Articles about Aaron Schaffhausen from WCCO CBS 6
Articles about Aaron Schaffhausen from Fox 6
Hoffman Park (site of Tri-Angels Playground) - City of River Falls
Living people
American murderers of children
Criminals from North Dakota
People from River Falls, Wisconsin
St. Croix County, Wisconsin
Crimes in Wisconsin
American people convicted of murder
Filicides in the United States
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Wisconsin
People convicted of murder by Wisconsin
2012 murders in the United States
Incidents of violence against girls
Grand Crew is an American television sitcom created by Phil Augusta Jackson, that premiered on NBC on December 14, 2021, with two "sneak episodes". In May 2022, the series was renewed for a second season.
Cast and characters
Main
Echo Kellum as Noah Koles, a hopeless romantic that thinks his life is a rom-com and Nicky's brother
Nicole Byer as Nicky Koles, a realtor and Noah's sister
Justin Cunningham as Wyatt Fields, the married friend
Aaron Jennings as Anthony Holmes, an accountant and vegan. Sherm's roommate
Carl Tart as Sherm Jones, a journeyman and Anthony's roommate
Grasie Mercedes as Fay, new to the crew and recently divorced, works at the crew's hangout
Recurring
Maya Lynne Robinson as Kristen Fields, Wyatt's wife.
Guest
Garrett Morris as Narrator ("Pilot")
Alim Kouliev as Oleg ("Wine & Pie")
Episodes
Production
Development
On January 23, 2020, it was given a pilot order by NBC. The pilot was directed by Mo Marable and written by Phil Augusta Jackson who was expected to executive produce along with Dan Goor. Production companies involved with the series include Universal Television. On January 12, 2021, it was announced that NBC had ordered the series. On May 12, 2022, NBC renewed the series for a second season.
Casting
In March 2020, Deadline reported Justin Cunningham had joined the cast as Wyatt Fields, Echo Kellum joined the cast as Noah Koles, and Carl Tart joined the cast as Sherm Jones, then later Nicole Byer joined the cast as Nicky and Aaron Jennings joined the cast as Anthony Holmes. On August 17, 2021, Grasie Mercedes has joined the cast as Fay.
Broadcast
The series premiered on December 14, 2021, at 8 p.m., with two "sneak episodes" before returning on January 4, 2022 in its regular time slot, 8:30 p.m. on Tuesdays.
Reception
Critical response
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 80% approval rating with an average rating of 8/10, based on 10 critic reviews. Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned a score of 63 out of 100 based on 8 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Ratings
References
External links
2020s American black sitcoms
2020s American single-camera sitcoms
2021 American television series debuts
English-language television shows
NBC original programming
Television series by Universal Television
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Local elections will be held in the Province of Rizal on May 13, 2019 as part of the 2019 general election. Voters will select candidates for all local positions: a municipal/city mayor, vice mayor and town councilors, as well as members of the Sangguniang Panlalawigan, the governor, vice-governor and representatives for the two districts of Rizal.
Gubernatorial Election Results
Incumbent Governor Rebecca A. Ynares is running for reelection.
Vice Gubernatorial Election Results
Vice Governor Reynaldo San Juan, Jr. is running for reelection unopposed.
Congressional Election Results
First District
Rep. Michael John "Jack" Duavit was re-elected.
Second District
Rep. Juan Fidel Felipe Nograles defeated Ma. Lourdes "Maridee" Rodriguez, wife of former Rep. Isidro Rodriguez Jr.
Antipolo City
1st District
Former Rep. Roberto "Robbie" Puno, husband of Rep. Chiqui Roa-Puno, was elected successfully.
2nd District
Resureccion Acop, wife of Rep. Romeo "Romy" Acop, elected unopposed.
Provincial Board Election Results
All 2 Districts of Rizal and all 2 districts of Antipolo will elect members of the Rizal Provincial Board.
First District
Municipalities: Angono, Binangonan, Cainta, Taytay
All board members was re-elected.
Second District
Municipalities: Baras, Cardona, Jala-Jala, Morong, Pililla, Rodriguez (Montalban), San Mateo, Tanay, Teresa
All board members were re-elected, except for Olivia De Leon who ran and elected as mayor of Morong. She was replaced by former Board Member Emigdio "Dino" Tanjuatco III.
Antipolo's 1st District
Roberto Andres "Randy" Puno Jr., son of former Rep. Roberto "Robbie" Puno and Rep. Chiqui Roa-Puno was elected unopposed.
Antipolo's 2nd District
Joel Huertas is term-limited and is running for councilor of the said district. Former councilor Alexander Marquez will run in his stead and will be challenged by Edelberto Coronado.
City and Municipality Elections
All municipalities and City of Antipolo in Rizal will elect mayor and vice-mayor this election. The candidates for mayor and vice mayor with the highest number of votes wins the seat; they are voted separately, therefore, they may be of different parties when elected. Below is the list of mayoralty and vice-mayoralty candidates of each city and municipalities per district.
1st District
Municipalities: Angono, Binangonan, Cainta, Taytay
Angono
Councilor Jeri Mae Calderon defeated Vice Mayor Antonio "Sonny" Rubin.
Mayor Gerardo "Gerry" Calderon defeated his brother, former Brgy. Captain Jose "Joey" Calderon.
Binangonan
Mayor Cesar Ynares won unopposed.
Vice Mayor Cecilio "Boyet" Ynares was re-elected.
Cainta
Mayor Johnielle Keith Nieto defeated Vice Mayor Sofia Velasco
Councilor Ace Servillon defeated actor Gary Estrada.
Taytay
George Ricardo Gacula is the incumbent.
Vice Mayor Carlito Gonzaga is running for mayor. His party's nominee is Jan Victor Cabitac.
2nd District
Municipalities: Baras, Cardona, Jala-Jala, Morong, Pililla, Rodriguez (Montalban), San Mateo, Tanay, Teresa
Baras
Katherine Robles is the incumbent.
Willfredo Robles is the incumbent.
Cardona
Jala-Jala
Morong
Pililla
Rodriguez (Montalban)
Cecilio Hernandez is term-limited and is running for vice mayor.
San Mateo
Cristina Diaz is the incumbent.
Tanay
Teresa
Raul Palino is the incumbent.
Antipolo City
Casimiro "Jun" Ynares III is not running. His wife Andrea is his party's nominee and is running unopposed.
References
2019 Philippine local elections
Elections in Rizal
Politics of Rizal
May 2019 events in the Philippines
2019 elections in Calabarzon
Stratheden (Gaelic: Srath Aodainn) is a hamlet 2 miles west of Cupar, and just north of Springfield, in Fife, Scotland.
Stratheden Hospital was built as the Fife and Kinross District Lunatic Asylum in July 1866. It has also been known as Cupar Asylum and Springfield Asylum; it has been called Stratheden Hospital since January 1949, after the creation of the National Health Service. Stratheden Cottages were originally built as housing for the hospital staff.
The Scott's Porage Oats factory is located nearby, as is Elmwood Farm, the first fully organic farm in Scotland. The Scottish Deer Centre is located just to the west.
Stratheden is located within the Church of Scotland parish of Ceres, Kemback and Springfield.
References
Hamlets in Fife
The De La Salle Andrés Soriano Memorial College, also known by its acronym DLSASMC, is a private Catholic Lasallian basic and higher education institution run by the De La Salle Brothers of the Philippine District of the Christian Brothers in Lutopan, Toledo, Cebu, Philippines. It was opened in 1965. The college campus occupies 6.9 hectares. The institution is named in memory of Andrés Soriano, Sr., a prominent Filipino businessman.
History
The Andrés Soriano Memorial College was established as a school at the request of the Soriano family, on behalf of the Atlas Consolidated Mining Development Corporation, to Br. Philip Nelan FSC, who was then the Sub-Provincial of the Philippine Sub-District. It was opened in 1965 (ASMC - La Salle was named or known before as Andrés Soriano Memorial School - La Salle or ASMS - La Salle).
Since its establishment, the De La Salle Brothers have supervised the school through formal contracts and contacts or through its Board of Trustees. By an act of the District Council of the De La Salle Brothers in the Philippines in 1995, the school became a District Affiliate School.
In 2000, the school was granted college status by the Commission on Higher Education and in 2004, the Brothers community at La Salle Green Hills adopted it as its outreach school. On July 3, 2006, by a decision of the District Council and the National Mission Council of De La Salle Philippines, the ASMC was accepted as a District School. The ceremony of acceptance took place on the campus and was witnessed by its students, faculty, staff, parents, alumni, and personnel of the Atlas Consolidated Mining and Development Corporation.
Lutopan as the place is commonly known, lives by its official name as Bry. Don Andrés Soriano (DAS), Toledo City.
References
Further reading
Donato, R. S. (2006). Andrés Soriano Memorial College. Philippine Lasallian FaMiLi, 8, pp. 9.
External links
Andres Soriano Memorial College
Universities and colleges in Cebu
Sean Paul Lockhart (born October 31, 1986) is an American film actor and director, known for Milk (2008), Judas Kiss (2011), and Triple Crossed (2013).
Lockhart started his career as a gay pornographic film actor mostly using the stage name Brent Corrigan, except in The Velvet Mafia parts 1 and 2 (2006) and Best of Roman Heart (2008), in which he used the stage name Fox Ryder. In 2010, he left pornography to focus almost exclusively on gay-themed movies and independent films, such as Judas Kiss, Sister Mary, Another Gay Sequel: Gays Gone Wild!, Welcome to New York, and others. In 2011, he starred in the horror comedy anthology film Chillerama, directed by Tim Sullivan, as Ricky in the musical segment "I Was A Teenage Werebear". In 2011, he received the Rising Star Award at the Philadelphia QFest Festival.
In 2012, he announced his involvement in the production of an independent film titled Truth, directed by Rob Moretti and co-starring Lockhart and Moretti. In 2013, he directed the mystery-thriller Triple Crossed. He returned to gay pornography in 2016 with Falcon Studios' Deep Release.
Early life
Sean Paul Lockhart was born October 31, 1986, in Lewiston, Idaho. He is one of four siblings; he has an older brother and a younger brother and sister. He and his siblings were raised in the suburb of Mill Creek, near Seattle, Washington, with their stepfather. His mother and stepfather divorced when he was aged 8 to 9 years, after which the household broke down.
His first boyfriend introduced him to a "fast, furious, out-of-control side to the gay scene", with which he was not comfortable. This boyfriend introduced Lockhart, then 17, to the gay pornographic industry and arranged for Lockhart to audition for a pornographic film from Lockhart's own bedroom via webcam. The boyfriend controlled the camera while the owner of Cobra Video, Bryan Kocis, observed.
Lockhart agreed to perform in filmed sex scenes with Kocis in six "action video scenes" and one "non-action" video scene in consideration for a used Volkswagen Jetta. A sexual relationship developed between Lockhart and Kocis. Lockhart was under 18 when their relationship began, and it ended before his 18th birthday.
Gay pornographic career
Lockhart started his career in pornography in 2004, aged 17, using the stage names Brent Corrigan and Fox Ryder in Every Poolboy's Dream. He played roles in gay porn films, notably with Cobra Video and Pink Bird Media. He has also made films with Active Duty and Jet Set Men.
In September 2005, Lockhart publicly stated he was 17 when he made his first films, thus was under the legal age of consent in 11 states, including California. His first four films were pulled voluntarily from circulation by Cobra Video through their distributor, Pacific Sun Entertainment.
He launched his own production company.He was still working for many other gay pornographic studios at the time, and his own first film using condoms was Summit (2008). In previous films, he was known for not using them. The film won the GayVN Awards Best Pro/Am Film 2009.
Murder case of Bryan Kocis
Lockhart's former boyfriend, Bryan Kocis, was the owner of Cobra Video and was found dead at his home on January 24, 2007. Two Virginia Beach male escorts, Harlow Cuadra and Joseph Kerekes, were arrested and charged with Kocis's murder.
In 2008, Kerekes pled guilty and was sentenced to life in prison without parole. Cuadra pled not guilty and went to trial on February 24, 2009. On March 16, 2009, he was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Lockhart testified for the prosecution.
Prosecutors said the motives for the murder were to destroy the competition and to make a "million-dollar" film starring Lockhart, who had been involved in litigation with Cobra over the rights to his stage name "Brent Corrigan"; the matter was settled before Kocis's death. As part of that settlement, the proceeds of profits were to be split 50/50. Cobra and Lockhart had agreed to the use of condoms in filming. On April 7, 2009, Cuadra appealed his life sentence. Lockhart had earlier cooperated with authorities and helped them find the suspects. He testified in the Cuadra trial. The murder was dramatized in the 2016 film King Cobra.
Safer sex advocacy
In a 2008 interview with Chicago Pride, Lockhart said he had consented to doing bareback as he was falsely informed he was being "protected" by the producer by the method used of pairing models. He went on to say, then age 21, "Fortunately, I got out of that alive and HIV negative! I am still negative today." In the interview, he also warned other young gay men against unprotected sex. He stated, "there are no guarantees, even with testing" and reiterated that barebacking was risky and stated "the message it sends is not one I want to be a part of anymore". During the interview he stated, "I would like to stand up for young men who are/were put in similar, compromising positions as I was at Cobra Video. I want to take a stand for HIV awareness." He has been a vocal advocate of safer sex and has remained critical of the pornographic industry for its continued release of bareback pornography, which he says sends out the wrong message to young gay men.
During a 2013 interview with Chicago Pride, on being asked if he has kept in contact with any of the other Cobra actors, he replied "No. There were few I was close withbut mostly the civil suit, and the pressure Bryan Kocis put on the other models, not to have anything to do with me and then Bryan's death pretty much put an end of the friendships I'd garnered there. From what I've heard some have moved on nicely enough. Some aren't even alive anymore. I randomly saw one in a San Francisco gym during Pride a few years ago but thought better of stopping him to say hello. It's a chapter of my life I don't like to revel in." He stated in the interview that the trend in the pornographic industry is toward unprotected, unsafe sex. He has warned about the social impact on gay and bisexual men's decision-making, especially when in the heat of lust and passion while influenced by alcohol or drugs. He appeared in a short interview for his film Big Easy in 2012.
In 2008, Lockhart received Best Twink PerformerBottom at the Golden Dickie Awards was winner of GayVN Awards for Fuck Me Raw (2006); 2009 Best Bottom, 2009 Best Pro/Am Film for Summit (2008); 2009 Best Twink Film for Just the Sex 1 & 2 (2008); 2010 Best Bottom, 2010 Web Performer of the Year, and 2010 Best Amateur / Pro-Am Release for the Big Easy (2010).
Adult web site business
Lockhart owned his own gay pornographic adult website, TheNewBrentCorrigan, which went offline in September 2016.
Acting career
He had a small role as Skippy in the short film "Tell Me", a co-starring role (as Sean Lockhart) in the rock musical short "Didn't This Used to Be Fun?", and a starring role as Press in a short film directed by Jody Wheeler entitled In the Closet. He appeared in the television series Red Hot Star in 2006 in which AOL searched the country for talented teens who think they have what it takes to create and star in their own show. He also appeared in a TV talk show, Brent Corrigan at Iris.
Also in 2009, he appeared in a gay short film compilation Boys on Film 3: American Boy, released by Peccadillo Pictures, the company that made it possible for Lockhart to record an album with songs by the Swedish songwriter and accordionist Roland Cedermark.
Lockhart played Stan the Merman in 2008 Another Gay Sequel: Gays Gone Wild. He appeared as one of the people on the telephone tree in Gus Van Sant's Milk, based on the life of Harvey Milk. He had a guest appearance in Casper Andreas' film The Big Gay Musical as Hustler and played Chad in the 2011 feature Sister Mary, directed and written by Scott Grenke. He also starred as Chris Wachowsky in the gay coming-of-age fantasy Judas Kiss.
He starred as Ricky in the musical Chillerama segment "I Was A Teenage Werebear", about a "closeted kid who meets these other closeted kids, who when aroused turn into leather daddy werebears". It was directed by Tim Sullivan. In conjunction with this, he appeared in Full Moon Fever: Behind the Scenes of I Was a Teenage Werebear, a documentary short, and Chillerama Presents: Anton Troy, the Man Behind the Beast, both in 2011.
Lockhart received the 2011 Rising Star Award and was also interviewed in 2012 by Brian Westerley, the show's host at the Interbelt Nite Club (short) and appeared on the Brent Everett TV series Brent Corrigan and Brent Everett: Splash's New Year's, also in 2012. After appearing in the comedy short "Welcome to New York", Lockhart co-starred as Caleb, with Rob Moretti, in the latter's 2013 psychological thriller film Truth.
The film was released internationally on January 10, 2014, after appearing in a number of film festivals. In 2013, he was also credited "with thanks" in the film Luna Park. In the same year, he appeared in a documentary about the internet porn industry titled I'm a Porn Star, directed by Charlie David; Outspoken, a TV miniseries documentary; and Hometown Pornstar.
After the filming of Truth, he told Palm Springs Life in an interview in September 2014 that he was "falling apart" due to memories of his own life experiences that were helpful to the character but that he found damaging to his health.
In May 2014, he appeared in "Stranger Than Fiction: The Making of Truth", a 14-minute video short. He appeared as Jake Bishop in Jody Wheeler's mystery-thriller film The Dark Place and as Jonathan in James Townsend's horror-thriller Kissing Darkness.
Film director
While working for Pink Media between 2008 and 2010, he directed five gay pornographic films: Summit (2008), Just the Sex (2008), Brent Corrigan's Big Easy (2009), Brent Corrigan's Working Hard (2010), and Brent Corrigan's Heat (2010).
He directed his own general release mystery-thriller film, written by Linda Andersson, titled Triple Crossed (2013), an America Unrated film, in which he also played the role of Andrew Warner. He also appears in the "Triple Crossed Behind the Scenes" documentary short.
Reviews
Reviews for Triple Crossed were mixed. The CinemaQueer commented, "Triple Crossed is a low budget, yet somewhat nifty, sexual thriller." Gay Celluloid said, "Filled with some passionate scenes of man-on-man lip-service and more, backed by the vibrant music of Chad Siwik and filmed, in part, in the lush location of Topanga Canyon, California, this feature frankly ticks many of the requisite boxes on the 'festival favourites' checklist and goes on to say what makes this work of particular note, is that the film cinematically marks the directorial debut of Sean Paul Lockhart; perhaps better known to the gay world as Brent Corrigan." Big Gay Picture Show said: "Triple Crossed may have its flaws, but it's an entertaining thriller with a cute gay romance at its core."
Filmography
General release
Adult
In popular culture
Lockhart's role in Bryan Kocis' life and the subsequent murder trials of Joseph Kerekes and Harlow Cuadra are detailed in the non-fiction, true-crime book Cobra Killer: Gay Porn Murder, written by authors Andrew E. Stoner and Peter A. Conway, and published by Magnus Books on June 19, 2012.
A new play based on Lockhart and Kocis, written by Bill Crouch was scheduled to premiere in New York City under the title Cruel Men: In The Lion's Den.
Garrett Clayton portrayed Lockhart in the 2016 film King Cobra.
Accolades
See also
List of male performers in gay porn films
References
External links
1986 births
Age controversies
American male pornographic film actors
American pornographic film directors
American pornographic film producers
American male film actors
Living people
People from Lewiston, Idaho
Male actors from Seattle
American male adult models
American actors in gay pornographic films
LGBT adult models
Pornographic film actors from Idaho
Pornographic film actors from Washington (state)
LGBT people from Idaho
21st-century American male actors
American gay actors
Directors of gay pornographic films
Producers of gay pornographic films
Gay pornographic film actors
People from Mill Creek, Washington
Strömvallen is a football stadium in Gävle, Sweden. It was the home ground of Gefle IF until 2015. The stadium holds 6,703 people and was initially opened in 1903, with a dedicated spectator area built in 1923.
References
External links
Stadium website
Football venues in Sweden
Gefle IF
Sport in Gävle
1995 FIFA Women's World Cup stadiums
Buildings and structures in Gävleborg County
Swedish Bandy Final venues
Sports venues completed in 1903
1903 establishments in Sweden
The 1956 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 25th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Dublin entered the championship as defending champions.
On 7 October 1956, Dublin won the championship following a 5-14 to 2-2 defeat of Leitrim in the All-Ireland final. This was their fifth All-Ireland title overall and their third in succession.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
In the provincial championships there are a number of firsts as Donegal and Limerick win the respective Ulster and Munster titles for the first time.
Dublin become the first team to win three successive All-Ireland titles.
References
1956
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
The 2009–10 Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup was the first formal season of the Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup, which was the premier domestic women's Twenty20 cricket competition in Australia prior to the inception of the Women's Big Bash League in 2015. The tournament started on 23 October 2009 and finished on 23 January 2010. Victorian Spirit won the tournament after finishing second in the group stage and beating New South Wales Breakers in the final.
Ladder
Fixtures
Final
Statistics
Highest totals
Most runs
Most wickets
References
External links
Series home at ESPNcricinfo
Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup seasons
Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup
Theophilus Frank Metcalf (May 10, 1816 – February 13, 1891) was an American farmer and politician.
Metcalf was born in Wicklow, Ireland and then emigrated to the United States. He settled in Winnebago County, Wisconsin in 1849 and then moved to the town of Marion in Waushara County, Wisconsin where he was a farmer. Metcalf served as chairman of the Marion Town Board. In 1870, Metcalf served in the Wisconsin Assembly and was elected as an Independent against Charles H. Stowers, the Republican nominee. Metcalf would sit in the Wisconsin Assembly as a Republican. Metcalf died suddenly in Berlin, Wisconsin.
Notes
External links
1816 births
1891 deaths
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
People from Waushara County, Wisconsin
Farmers from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Independents
Wisconsin Republicans
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
19th-century American politicians
USS Pueblo may refer to:
USS Colorado (ACR-7), an armored cruiser, renamed Pueblo (CA-7), and served from 1905 until 1927
USS Pueblo (PF-13), a Tacoma-class frigate, that served from 1944 until 1947
USS Pueblo (AGER-2), a US Navy spy ship (Navy intelligence), boarded and captured by North Korea in 1968, still currently in commission
United States Navy ship names
Changing Worlds is an educational arts nonprofit organization running oral history, writing and art programs.
History
Changing Worlds began in 1996 at Hibbard Elementary School, a Chicago Public School located in the diverse, predominantly immigrant Albany Park neighborhood. Its founder Kay Berkson partnered with the school's staff and parents to create an oral history and photography exhibit. Now occupying three corridors of the school, the exhibit highlights fourteen family stories along with photographs, art work and maps. These stories told by students, their parents and grandparents are translated into twelve different languages. The project led to the development of an activity guide with ongoing family programs and classroom curricula that foster an inclusive school community. In 1999 a traveling version of the exhibit was created. The Changing Worlds project became an independent 501c3 nonprofit organization in 2000.
Areas of focus
• School partnership programs
• Professional development institutes and workshops for teachers
• Community outreach programs (such as Ten A Thousand Ripples)
• Traveling exhibitions
External links
From Around the World to a Chicago Neighborhood.
Changing Worlds 2008 Immigrant & Refugee Contributions Awards
References
Indian Trails Public Library
Organizations based in Chicago
Social welfare charities based in the United States
Stewart J. Rahr is an American entrepreneur, investor and philanthropist. Rahr was the founder and owner of pharmaceutical and generics wholesaler Kinray, the largest privately owned pharmaceutical distributor in the world until it was bought out by Cardinal Health in 2010. The sale made Rahr a billionaire.
Early life and career
Stewart Rahr was raised in a Jewish family in Far Rockaway section of Queens, New York. As a youth, he worked at his father's retail pharmacy store in Brooklyn. In 1963, he graduated from Poly Prep Country Day School in Brooklyn. He graduated with a B.A. from New York University and attended New York University Law School before dropping out to take over his family's pharmacy business, which then had $50,000 in sales.
The business also served as a wholesaler for other pharmacies and Rahr focused on the wholesale side of the business. He expanded the business into a large operation named Kinray Inc. By 2010, Kinray served over 2,000 pharmacies in the Northeastern United States with revenues of over $5 billion. Rahr was able to grow the business through the stockpiling of pharmaceuticals and relied on drug price inflation to maximize his profit margin when he sold the extra inventory to retail pharmacies at a later date. This practice later became controversial due to consumer ethics issues. Pharmaceutical manufacturers now monitor their distributors to ensure that they do not hold more than one month's supply of any given drug. In 2010, Rahr sold Kinray to Cardinal Health for $1.3 billion. The sale made Rahr a "self-made billionaire".
In 2020, Rahr ranked No. 359 on the Forbes 400 list of the richest people in America.
Philanthropy
In 2012, Rahr donated $640,000 to the Israel Cancer Research Fund, a source of private funds for cancer research in Israel. In late 2012, Rahr donated $100,000 to the Salvation Army for Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. He also donated $50,000 to help repair the Russian American Jewish Experience (RAJE) in Brighton Beach, which was also severely damaged by Hurricane Sandy.
In 2013, Rahr was named the largest individual donor to the Metro New York chapter of the Make-A-Wish Foundation. In 2013, Rahr donated $10 million to the Make-A-Wish Foundation, the largest contribution in its history. In November 2013, Rahr donated $15 million to the Prostate Cancer Foundation.
In January 2014, Rahr sponsored the flight of 64 members of the Knesset to the memorial service at Auschwitz for Holocaust Remembrance Day. In February 2014, on a visit to Israel, Rahr donated money to provide new ambulances to United Hatzalah, an organization dedicated to improving response time to those in medical need throughout Israel. Also in 2014, Rahr made a $500,000 donation to the North Shore Animal League America.
Personal life
In 1969, he married Carol K. Rahr. They had two children, Robert and Felicia. In 2012, they announced that they were divorcing. In 2013, Rahr agreed to pay Carol $250 million as a settlement.
In November 2012, Rahr was banned from the restaurant Nobu in New York. Rahr has an apartment in the Trump Park Avenue building. In 2005, Rahr purchased a house in The Hamptons for $45 million. He sold an apartment at on 72nd Street in 2013.
In February 2019, Rahr was identified as the purchaser of a portrait of President Trump. According to testimony from Michael Cohen, Rahr bought a nine-foot-tall portrait of Trump from artist William Quigley for $67,000. Trump used funds from his personal foundation to pay back Rahr for the portrait.
In March 2021, he sold his 18,000-square-foot home called Burn Point on Georgica Pond in Wainscott, New York for $49.7 million. He bought the house in 2004.
References
American health care businesspeople
Jewish American philanthropists
Living people
1946 births
American billionaires
Philanthropists from New York (state)
People from Far Rockaway, Queens
New York University School of Law alumni
Poly Prep alumni
21st-century American Jews
The D57 class was a class of 4-8-2 steam locomotives built by Clyde Engineering for the New South Wales Government Railways in Australia. The tenders were built by Mort's Dock.
Introduction
The locomotives were among the heaviest of locomotives in Australia with a axle load and this along with their width restricted their sphere of operation to Thirroul on the Illawarra line, Wallerawang on the Main Western line and Junee on the Main South line.
Due to the immense size of the firebox, they could not be hand fired and had to use a mechanical stoker, thus becoming the first New South Wales locomotive class to use a mechanical stoker. They were later followed by the 58 class and the 60 class
They were not permitted to operate on the Main Northern line due to load limitations on some bridges and a tighter loading gauge. They had the highest tractive effort of any conventional engines used in Australia and were of approximately equal capability to the modified 60 class Garratt locomotives. They were very reliable and had the nickname Lazy Lizzies because they made heavy workings seem effortless. Another nickname was bestowed on the class, Chuckling Charlies due to their syncopated exhaust beat.
The three cylinder design fitted to the class gave it a distinctive off-beat exhaust sound when climbing upgrade. This design was also fitted to the 58 class. However, a couple of features, such as the Gresley conjugating valve gear fitted to these locomotives has been the source of debate as to its efficiency. A further 13 were built to a similar design in 1950 as the 58 class.
Demise and Preservation
The first was withdrawn in October 1957, the last in September 1961. The last example in traffic was saved for preservation by the New South Wales Rail Transport Museum. In June 1975, 5711 was hauled from Enfield to Thirlmere by 3801. In September 2008 it was relocated to the Valley Heights Locomotive Depot Heritage Museum where it is being statically restored.
Gallery
See also
Preserved steam locomotives of New South Wales
NSWGR steam locomotive classification
References
Further reading
External links
4-8-2 locomotives
Clyde Engineering locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1929
Standard gauge locomotives of Australia
57
Badami is a town in Karnataka, India.
Badami may also refer to:
Historical Badami and its associations
Badami cave temples, a complex of Hindu and Jain cave temples
Contemporary organizations and places in or near Badami
Badami Assembly constituency, one of 224 assembly constituencies in Karnataka
Badami railway station
Gonal, a village near to and politically associated with Badami
Other places
Badami Oil Field, an oil field in the Alaska North Slope
People
Andrea Badami (1913–2002), an American painter
Anita Rau Badami (born 24 September 1961), a Canadian writer
Stefano Badami (December 10, 1888 – March 31, 1955), first boss of the Elizabeth crime family
Chris Badami, an American musician, record producer and audio engineer
Sarvottam Badami (1910–2005), Indian film director
Venkatrao K. Badami (12 January 1888 – c. 1950), an Indian agronomist and a pioneer of plant breeding
Waseem Badami, Pakistani television host and news anchor
Yian or Yi'an may refer to:
Places in China
Yi'an County (依安縣), a county in Heilongjiang province
Yi'an District (義安區), a district in Anhui province
Yi'an Town, Heilongjiang (依安镇), a town and the county seat of Yi'an County, Heilongjiang
Yi'an, Shijiazhuang (宜安镇), a township-level division of Luquan, Shijiazhuang, Hebei
Yi'an, Laishui County (义安镇), a town in Laishui County, Hebei province
Yi'an, Shanxi (义安镇), a town in Jiexiu, Jinzhong Prefecture, Shanxi province
Yian (乂安), a prefecture in the Chinese province of Jiaozhi in northern Vietnam
People
Fong Kay Yian (born 1996), Singaporean diver
Li Yian, Chinese footballer in the 2004–05 Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield
Sun Yian, Chinese screenwriter nominated in 1995 for the Golden Rooster Award for Best Writing
Tan Bee Yian, Singaporean bowler at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games
Yian Shi, discoverer of Shi epoxidation in 1996
Yian Yiru (一庵一如), Chinese ambassador during the 1401–1402 Japanese mission to Ming China
Huang Yian, a name for Yuri Huang (born 1986), Chinese artist
Fictional
Yian (fictional city), in "The Maker of Moons", an 1896 short story by Robert Chambers
Yian Yang, main character in the Chinese TV series Beautiful Life
See also
Empress Yi'an (disambiguation)
Soğanlı may refer to the following places in Turkey:
Soğanlı, Ardanuç
Soğanlı, Burdur
Soğanlı, Kovancılar
Soğanlı, Sason
Soğanlı, Sur
Soğanlı railway station
Soğanlı Valley
Lukh () is an urban-type settlement and the administrative center of Lukhsky District of Ivanovo Oblast, Russia, with a population of It is located on banks of the Lukh River.
History
The foundation date of Lukh is not known, but it was a fortress in the Middle Ages and served to protect the Northeastern Rus from Tatars. The ramparts of the fortress from the 14th century have been preserved in the settlement. Lukh was first mentioned in 1342 as a village shown on a map. It belonged to Metropolitan Cyprian, and in 1498 the Lukh Principality was established and given to Prince Fyodor Belsky. Whereas subordinate to the Grand Duchy of Moscow, and then the Tsardom of Russia, the principality existed until 1584, when it was abolished and merged into the Tsardom of Russia.
During the Time of Troubles, in 1608, Lukh accepted False Dmitry II as a Tsar, and until the end of 1609 was several times conquered by the forces by Vasili Shuysky, which were subsequently driven back from the town.
In the course of the administrative reform carried out in 1708 by Peter the Great, Lukh was listed as a town in Moscow Governorate. When the governorate was divided into provinces, Lukh became a part of Yuryev-Polsky Province. In 1778, Kostroma Viceroyalty (known since 1796 as Kostroma Governorate) was established, and Lukh, which was the administrative center of Lukhsky Uyezd, became a part of it. In 1797, Lukhsky Uyezd was abolished, and Lukh became a part of Yuryevetsky Uyezd but retained the town status. In 1925, it lost the town status and downgraded into selo. The status changed followed the initiative of the citizens of Lukh, who though that the Soviet legislation of the time was unfavorable towards possible agricultural activities in towns, and it would be more advantageous to have a rural locality.
In 1918, Yuryevetsky District was transferred to newly established Ivanovo-Voznesensk Governorate. On June 10, 1929 governorates and uyezds were abolished, and Lukh became a part of Puchezhsky District of Ivanovo Industrial Oblast. It was a part of Kineshemsky Okrug. On January 25, 1935 Lukhsky District with the administrative center in Luk was established. On March 11, 1936 Ivanovo Industrial Oblast was abolished and split into Ivanovo and Yaroslavl Oblasts. In 1959, Lukh was granted urban-type settlement status.
Economy
Industry
There are enterprises of food, construction, and textile industries in Lukh.
Transportation
Lukh is connected by roads with Vichuga, Puchezh, and also has access to the highway which connects Shuya and Chkalovsk via Verkhny Landekh. There is a regular bus traffic.
Culture and recreation
Lukh contains six cultural heritage monuments of federal significance and additionally thirty objects classified as cultural and historical heritage of local significance. The federal monuments are the ramparts of the Lukh Fortress, as well as four churches built in the end of the 17th and in the 18th centuries: The Assumption Cathedral, the Trinity Cathedral, the Resurrection Church, and the Transfiguration Church.
There is a local museum in Lukh. It was founded in 1981 and named after Nikolay Benardos, an inventor who lived in Lukh for an extended period of time.
References
Notes
Sources
Urban-type settlements in Ivanovo Oblast
Yuryevetsky Uyezd
Patrick Graham (born January 24, 1979) is an American football coach and former player who is the defensive coordinator for the Las Vegas Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). He previously served as defensive coordinator for the New York Giants and Miami Dolphins as well as an inside linebackers coach for the Green Bay Packers and an assistant coach for the New England Patriots.
College career
Graham played college football as a defensive lineman at Yale University, graduating with a bachelor's degree in sociology in 2002.
Coaching career
College
Following his college football career, Graham worked as a graduate assistant at Wagner College while also studying for his MBA. After two seasons at Wagner, Graham moved to the University of Richmond, where he was the defensive line coach in 2004 and then a tight ends coach in 2005 and 2006. In 2007, he was a defensive graduate assistant under head coach Charlie Weis at the University of Notre Dame. Following the 2008 season, Graham accepted the position as the team's defensive line coach at the University of Toledo. He resigned after one month.
New England Patriots
In February 2009 Graham joined the New England Patriots as a defensive coaching assistant, where Weis had formerly been an assistant coach under head coach Bill Belichick. In 2010, Graham's title was changed to defensive assistant coach. He was promoted to linebackers coach in 2011. In 2012, he moved to defensive line coach, and moved back to linebackers in 2014.
New York Giants
In 2016, Graham was hired by the New York Giants as the team's defensive line coach.
Green Bay Packers
In 2018, Graham was hired by the Green Bay Packers to be their run game coordinator.
Miami Dolphins
On February 8, 2019, the Miami Dolphins announced Graham as their defensive coordinator. reuniting with former Patriots coach Brian Flores.
New York Giants (second stint)
On January 17, 2020, Graham returned to the New York Giants and was hired as their assistant head coach and defensive coordinator under head coach Joe Judge whom he had worked with in the Patriots organization from 2012 to 2018.
Las Vegas Raiders
After originally being announced as being retained by Brian Daboll, on February 4, 2022, Graham was hired by the Las Vegas Raiders as defensive coordinator under new head coach Josh McDaniels. Graham previously worked alongside McDaniels on the New England Patriots from 2012 to 2015.
Personal life
Graham is married to Pamela Best, and they have two children, Morgan and Silas.
References
External links
New York Giants profile
New England Patriots bio
Toledo Rockets bio
Notre Dame Fighting Irish bio
1979 births
Living people
African-American coaches of American football
African-American players of American football
American football defensive linemen
Green Bay Packers coaches
Miami Dolphins coaches
National Football League defensive coordinators
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football coaches
New England Patriots coaches
New York Giants coaches
Las Vegas Raiders coaches
Richmond Spiders football coaches
Sportspeople from Waterbury, Connecticut
Toledo Rockets football coaches
Wagner Seahawks football coaches
Yale Bulldogs football players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Nicolum River, formerly Nicolum Creek, is a tributary of the Coquihalla River, rising in the Cascade Mountains and flowing northwest to join that stream near the town of Hope, British Columbia, Canada. Nicolum River Provincial Park is located at the confluence of the two rivers.
In 1942, the official name of the stream was changed to Nicolum Creek on the recommendation of the Dominion Topographic Survey to reflect its relative size. The official name was changed back to Nicolum River in 1991 based on local nomenclature. The name appears as "Nkalaoum River" on John Arrowsmith's 1862 map and as "Nicolume River" on Joseph Trutch's 1871 map.
In 1965, Outram Lake, a small lake in the river, was buried by the Hope Slide, and the river's course altered.
See also
List of rivers of British Columbia
References
Rivers of the Lower Mainland
Canadian Cascades
Yale Division Yale Land District
Samuel Sanford Shapiro (born July 13, 1930) is an American statistician and engineer. He is a professor emeritus of statistics at Florida International University. He is known for his co-authorship of the Shapiro–Wilk test and the Shapiro–Francia test.
A native of New York City, Shapiro graduated from City College of New York with a degree in statistics in 1952, and took an MS in industrial engineering at Columbia University in 1954. He briefly served as a statistician in the US Army Chemical Corps, before earning a MS (1960) and PhD (1963) in statistics at Rutgers University. In 1972 he joined the faculty at Florida International University.
In 1987 he was elected a Fellow of the American Statistical Association.
References
External links
Website at Florida International University
1930 births
Living people
American statisticians
City College of New York alumni
Columbia School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni
Rutgers University alumni
Florida International University faculty
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
Fostoria (named after Robert Foster who discovered the type locality and bones; the specific name means "sheep yard" in the languages of the Yuwaalaraay, Yuwaalayaay, and Gamilaraay peoples of Australia) is a genus of iguanodontian ornithopod dinosaur from the Griman Creek Formation of New South Wales, Australia. The type and only species, Fostoria dhimbangunmal was described in 2019.
Classification
Fostoria was classified within the clade Iguanodontia by the describing authors, who entered it into a recent phylogenetic matrix but with some modifications and recodings. It was found to be the most basal of a clade comprising Anabisetia, Muttaburrasaurus. and Talenkauen, supported by the following synapomorphies:
frontals contacting less than 25% of the orbit
paroccipital processes (exoccipital-opisthotic complex) extending laterally and are slightly dorsoventrally expanded distally
caudal ribs located on neural arch
However, a recent study covering the phylogeny of Cerapoda using the same matrix as Bell et al. (2019) found Fostoria to be within the Rhabdodontomorpha, sharing the following features with the derived rhabdodontids: (1) A nearly vertical suture between its supraoccipital and opisthotics and (2) the length of the distolateral condyle on the distal extremity of femur (not accounting for its posterolateral condylid) is less than 40% the total distal width of the femur.
History of discovery
In 1984, Bob Foster, an opal miner, discovered a vertebra from an ornithopod in Lightning Ridge. Foster originally interpreted the fossil as a hoof belonging to a horse. Foster eventually found so many fossils in his mine that he showed his finds to paleontologists of the Australian Museum in Sydney. After they had a look at the Fostoria fossils, paleontologist Alexander Ritchie with some army reservists travelled to the mine to excavate more fossils. The fossils were prepared but remained unstudied until 2015. Foster in the early 21st century removed the finds from a private opal museum and exhibited them in, and later donated them to the Australian Opal Centre in Lightning Ridge, where they remain to this day.
References
Iguanodonts
Cenomanian life
Cretaceous dinosaurs of Australia
Fossil taxa described in 2019
Shaft was an English electronic music group, scoring a top 10 hit on the UK Singles Chart in December 1991 with "Roobarb & Custard". It featured recreated vocal samples from the vintage children's television cartoon Roobarb, as well as a variety of sound effects. The main contributors were the British record producers Mark Pritchard and Adrian Hughes.
Although the single reached the top 10 in 1991, it climbed to its highest position of No. 7 in January 1992. The follow-up track was "Monkey", which peaked at No. 61 in July 1992.
The use of samples from children's television programmes was not unique to this hit within the genre, with Mark Summers having sampled The Magic Roundabout in his early 1991 hit "Summers Magic". However, Shaft was the first dance act to reach the top 10 with a track using this type of formula. Other groups who went on later in 1992 to repeat this success were Urban Hype, who reached No. 7 with "A Trip to Trumpton", and Smart E's, who achieved a No. 2 hit with "Sesame's Treet". The string of similarly created records were dubbed toytown techno.
References
English electronic music groups
English dance music groups
Porthecla is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Porthecla annette Faynel & R.K. Robbins, 2011
Porthecla barba (Druce, 1907)
Porthecla dinus (Hewitson, 1867)
Porthecla forasteira Faynel & A. Moser, 2011
Porthecla gemma (Druce, 1907)
Porthecla johanna Faynel & R.K. Robbins, 2011
Porthecla minyia (Hewitson, 1867)
Porthecla peruensis Faynel & A. Moser, 2011
Porthecla porthura (Druce, 1907)
Porthecla prietoi Faynel & Busby, 2011
Porthecla ravus (Druce, 1907)
Porthecla willmotti Busby, Faynel & A. Moser, 2011
Former species
Oenomaus melleus (Druce, 1907)
References
, 2011: Species level taxonomy of the Neotropical hairstreak genus Porthecla (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae: Theclinae: Eumaeini). Annales de la Société Entomologique de France (n.s.), 47(1-2): 241-259.
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Events in the year 2021 in Tunisia.
Incumbents
President: Kais Saied
Prime Minister: Hichem Mechichi, Najla Bouden
President of the Assembly of the Representatives by the People: Rached Ghannouchi
Government: Mechichi Cabinet, Bouden Cabinet
Cabinet
This is an incomplete list of the Cabinet announced January 16, 2021.
Ministry of the Interior: Walid Dhabi
Ministry of Health: Hedi Khairi
Ministry of Justice: Youssef Zouaghi
Ministry of Industry, Energy and Mines: Sofien Ben Touns
Ministry of Agriculture: Oussama Kheriji
Ministry of the Environment (Tunisia): Chiheb Ben Ahmed
Ministry of Culture (Tunisia): Youssef bin Ibrahim
Events
Ongoing — COVID-19 pandemic in Tunisia
January to April
January 16 – Prime Minister Hichem Mechichi appoints 12 new ministers.
January 17 – 2021 Tunisian protests: Thousands take to the streets of Tunis and Sousse as protests turn violent in response to economic hardship on the 10th anniversary of the Arab Spring. Protesters shut down oil production in Tataouine.
January 20 – Young people clash with police for the fifth straight night. “Your voice is heard, and your anger is legitimate, and it is my role and the role of the government to work to realize your demands and to make the dream of Tunisia to become true,” Prime Minister Mechichi said in a fruitless attempt to calm things down.
February 6 – Hundreds of protesters backed by the million-member UGTT union defy government orders to rally in Tunis on the eighth anniversary of the assassination of Chokri Belaid.
March 9 – At least 39 migrants from sub-Saharan Africa drowned when their boat capsizes off the Tunisian coast; 165 are rescued.
April 2 – A female suicide bomber kills herself and her baby during counter-terrorism operations in Kasserine Governorate. Two other Islamic extremists were killed in a separate operation.
May to August
July 25 – 2021 Tunisian political crisis
October
October 11 – Najla Bouden becomes Prime Minister of Tunisia, making her the first female prime minister both in Tunisia and the Arab world.
Sports
Deaths
5 January – Moncer Rouissi, politician (b. 1940).
22 January – Meherzia Labidi Maïza, 57, politician and translator, member of the Constituent Assembly (2011–2014) and Deputy (since 2014), COVID-19.
28 January – Chedly Ayari, 87, economist and politician, President of the Central Bank of Tunisia (2012–2018), Minister of Finance (1972–1974) and Education (1970–1971), COVID-19.
29 January – Ahmed Achour, 75, composer and conductor.
3 February – Abdelkader Jerbi, film director.
7 February – Moufida Tlatli, 73, film director (The Silences of the Palace, The Season of Men), Minister of Culture (2011).
26 March – Saâdeddine Zmerli, 91, urologist and politician.
References
External links
Tunisian border traders, smugglers struggle to survive amid COVID (Al Jazeera, 24 January 2021)
2020s in Tunisia
Years of the 21st century in Tunisia
Tunisia
Tunisia
Norway participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Copenhagen, Denmark. The Norwegian entry was selected through the national competition Melodi Grand Prix 2014, organised by the Norwegian broadcaster Norsk rikskringkasting (NRK). Norway was represented by the song "Silent Storm" performed by Carl Espen and written by Josefin Winther. The entry qualified from the second semi-final and placed 8th in the final, scoring 88 points.
Before Eurovision
Melodi Grand Prix 2014
Melodi Grand Prix 2014 was the 52nd edition of the Norwegian national final Melodi Grand Prix and selected Norway's entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2014. The competition consisted of three semi-finals and a final, all taking place at the Folketeatret in Oslo, hosted by Jenny Skavlan and Erik Solbakken. The shows were televised on NRK1 as well as streamed online at NRK's official website nrk.no. The final was also broadcast online at the official Eurovision Song Contest website eurovision.tv.
Format
The competition consisted of four shows: three semi-finals on 7, 8 and 9 March 2014 and a final on 15 March 2014. Five songs competed in each semi-final and the top three entries proceeded to the final. The results in the semi-finals and final were determined exclusively by public televoting. A four-member jury panel also provided commentary regarding the competing entries during each of the four shows. The jury panel consisted of:
Marie Komissar – NRK P3 radio host and music producer
Kathrine Synnes Finnskog – Manager and director of Music Norway
Gisle Stokland – Manager, owner and editor of the website 730.no
Tarjei Strøm – Musician and radio host
Competing entries
A submission period was opened by NRK between 4 July 2013 and 15 September 2013. Songwriters of any nationality were allowed to submit entries. In addition to the public call for submissions, NRK reserved the right to directly invite certain artists and composers to compete. At the close of the deadline, 600 submissions were received. Fifteen songs were selected for the competition by a jury panel consisting of Vivi Stenberg (Melodi Grand Prix music producer), Marie Komissar (NRK P3 radio host and music producer), Kathrine Synnes Finnskog (manager and director of Music Norway), Gisle Stokland (manager, owner and editor of the website 730.no) and Tarjei Strøm (musician and radio host). The competing acts and songs were revealed on 27 January 2014 during a press conference. Short previews of the competing entries were released during the press conference, while the songs in their entirety were premiered on 19 February.
Semi-finals
Three semi-finals were held on 7, 8 and 9 March 2014. In each semi-final five songs competed and the top three entries were selected to proceed to the final.
Final
Nine songs consisting of the nine semi-final qualifiers competed during the final on 15 March 2014. The winner was selected over two rounds of public televoting. In the first round, the top four entries were selected to proceed to the second round, the Gold Final: "Taste of You" performed by Knut Kippersund Nesdal, "Heal" performed by Mo, "High Hopes" performed by Linnea Dale and "Silent Storm" performed by Carl Espen. In the Gold Final, the results of the public televote were revealed by Norway's five regions and led to the victory of "Silent Storm" performed by Carl Espen with 53,712 votes.
At Eurovision
To ensure fair ticket distribution in the Nordic region for the semi-finals, the Eurovision Reference Group, at the request by the host broadcaster for the 2014 contest DR, held a draw at the European Broadcasting Union headquarters in Geneva in November 2013 where Norway was drawn to compete in the second semi-final on 8 May 2014. During the semi-final allocation draw on 20 January 2014 at the Copenhagen City Hall, Norway was drawn to compete in the first half of the second semi-final. In the second semi-final, the producers of the show decided that Norway would perform 3rd, following Israel and preceding Georgia. Norway qualified from the second semi-final and competed in the final on 10 May 2014. During the winner's press conference for the second semi-final qualifiers, Norway was allocated to compete in the first half of the final. In the final, the producers of the show decided that Norway would perform 5th, following Iceland and preceding Romania. Norway placed 8th in the final, scoring 88 points.
On stage, Carl Espen was joined by four violinists and a pianist. The violinists performed on a sloped platform. The stage atmosphere transitioned from a dark setting at the beginning which became brighter as the song progressed.
In Norway, both the semi-final and final were broadcast on NRK1 with commentary by Olav Viksmo-Slettan. An alternative broadcast of the final aired on NRK3 with commentary by the hosts of the NRK P3 program P3morgen, Ronny Brede Aase, Silje Reiten Nordnes and Line Elvsåshagen. The Norwegian spokesperson revealing the result of the Norwegian vote in the final was Margrethe Røed.
Voting
Points awarded to Norway
Points awarded by Norway
Detailed voting results
The following members comprised the Norwegian jury:
Ahmed Ashraf (jury chairperson)music and culture journalist
Jonas BrennaHead of publishing
Jan Holmlundentertainment journalist
Rannveig Sundelinvocalist
Monica Johansenartist, songwriter, DJ
References
External links
Full national final on nrk.no
2014
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014
2014
Eurovision
Eurovision
Articles containing video clips
Hockings is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Albert John Hockings (1826–1890), mayor of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia
Lucy Hockings (born 1975), New Zealand television journalist
See also
Hocking (disambiguation)
The 2014 Women's Asian Games Volleyball Tournament was the 14th edition of the event, organized by the Asian governing body, the AVC. It was held in Incheon and Ansan, South Korea from 20 September to 2 October 2014.
Squads
Results
All times are Korea Standard Time (UTC+09:00)
Preliminary round
Group A
|}
Group B
|}
Quarterfinal qualification
|}
Final round
Quarterfinals
|}
Semifinals 5th–8th
|}
Semifinals
|}
Classification 7th–8th
|}
Classification 5th–6th
|}
Bronze medal match
|}
Gold medal match
|}
Final standing
References
Results
External links
Official website
Women
Broad Street Station (originally Union Station) was a union railroad station in Richmond, Virginia, United States, across Broad Street from the Fan district. The building is now used by the Science Museum of Virginia.
History
It was built as the southern terminus for the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad (RF&P) in 1917 in the neoclassical style by the architect John Russell Pope. The station also served the trains of the Atlantic coastline Railroad (ACL) and Norfolk and Western Railway (N&W). Eventually, the Seaboard Air Line Railroad (SAL), which had formerly used Richmond's other union station, Main Street Station, switched to Broad Street Station.
At Amtrak's inception in 1971, it was served by the Champion, Silver Meteor, and Silver Star (all inherited from the Seaboard coastline Railroad, successor to ACL and SAL), and the Southern Railway's Asheville Special. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 23, 1972.
Passenger service to the station ceased in 1975, when Amtrak consolidated all Richmond-area service at a suburban station on Staples Mill Road, north of downtown. By 1976, Broad Street Station became the new home of the Science Museum of Virginia, which remains in the substantially remodeled and expanded building.
See also
History of Richmond, Virginia
Transportation in Richmond, Virginia
References
Former Atlantic coastline Railroad stations
History of Richmond, Virginia
John Russell Pope buildings
National Register of Historic Places in Richmond, Virginia
Neoclassical architecture in Virginia
Railway stations closed in 1975
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1917
Former Seaboard Air Line Railroad stations
Former Norfolk and Western Railway stations
Richmond Broad Street
Transportation in Richmond, Virginia
Union stations in the United States
1917 establishments in Virginia
1975 disestablishments in Virginia
Walter Lee Robb (April 25, 1928 – March 23, 2020) was an American engineer, business executive, and philanthropist.
Born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, in April 1928, he was a recipient of the National Medal of Technology and Innovation in 1993. He was a Research & Development (R&D) executive for General Electric. He owned a few local sports teams, purchasing the minor-league hockey franchise of the Albany River Rats in 1998.
Robb died from COVID-19 on March 23, 2020, at the age of 91.
References
1928 births
2020 deaths
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American engineers
21st-century American businesspeople
21st-century American engineers
American business executives
American sports owners
Businesspeople from Pennsylvania
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in New York (state)
Engineers from Pennsylvania
General Electric employees
Ice hockey executives
National Medal of Technology recipients
People from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
Sambour is a district located in Kratié province, in Cambodia.
Districts of Kratié province
CARE is a neighborhood in east Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
East Baltimore
Bruce Nodwell, (May 12, 1914 – January 20, 2006) was a Canadian inventor who invented the Nodwell 110, a multi-purpose two-tracked vehicle capable of traversing a wide variety of adverse terrain, including sand, mud, muskeg, swamp, and snow.
In 1970, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada, Canada's highest civilian honor, "for his contribution to the opening of the Canadian North through his inventions and development of various types of tracked vehicles". A mountain in Antarctica "Nodwell Peaks" and a lake in NWT bear his name.
Early life
William Bruce Nodwell was born on his father's homestead near Asquith, Saskatchewan, May 12, 1914. His unusual birth certificate read Section 22, Township 36, Range 9 west 3rd. As a youngster, his family lived in many small western Canadian towns, as his father was a grain elevator operator and trainer. They returned to Asquith, where his father ran a hardware store and later a Dodge car dealership in North Battleford. During this time, Bruce learned hands-on carpentry, electrical and mechanical machinery operations. Although he only took Grade 8 in school, he studied electrical apprenticeship by correspondence and became Saskatchewan's youngest registered electrician.
However, this was the time of the Great Depression in western Canada. Crops were drying out, prices for grain were low, farmers were being forced off the land, businesses were failing and there were next to no jobs. Bruce started doing odd jobs using his practical skills and hard work. He ran a two or three people contracting operation that took work wherever they could find it, which included all of southern Saskatchewan and Alberta. In 1936, he and his wife Phyllis settled in Calgary, Alberta where he and his brother, Jack, formed a contracting company known as Nodwell Brothers.
During the Depression and WWII years, not only were jobs hard to find, but so were materials. The government imposed a cost ceiling of $10,000 on all new buildings. This also applied to service stations, which made it very difficult to construct a building big enough to repair trucks and tractors or car dealerships. In order to construct a new building, another would have to be taken down, just to obtain nails, which then had to be straightened by hand.
Inventive genius
Bruce's inventiveness and problem-solving skills soon became apparent. He developed and patented an automatic rewinding mechanism for gasoline pumps (CA 454365) and a pipe-wrapping machine for coating pipelines with tar paper in the field. Many problems related to construction work were solved by adapting other available equipment. Gradually the company continued to grow and diversify its activities including concrete bridges, trucking fleet, industrial camps and a machine shop known as Industrial Fabricators.
Over the years, Bruce filed nine patents in Canada.
Development of early tracked vehicles
In 1947, Imperial Oil made the Leduc No. 1 discovery in Alberta, and the economy began to rapidly expand. As the oil exploration moved northward from the Leduc region, the oil men soon encountered muskeg, a wet boggy swamp-like matter through which conventional equipment could not pass. Even WWII tracked equipment either could not handle the requirement or did not have sufficient load capacities.
Imperial Oil asked Bruce Nodwell to construct two vehicles they had designed to try to provide mobility over muskeg. These vehicles were unsuccessful, but Bruce had become aware of the need for large tracked vehicles. His first designs, that were to be either tracked or wheeled, were called North Kings and 16 were sold, but even they did not have enough mobility or durability. Bruce then concentrated on a vehicle design using soft tracks and single rows of wheels to support them.
In 1955, Bruce's invention of the double sprocket made it possible to drive wide tracks and also keep them in place while using a single row of wheels. The combination of the splice in the belt and the double sprocket allowed the use of any size or shape belt the vehicles needed. The "wide track" concept was born. They were now able to build a new and different type of machine. The first of these was a small 1-ton-capacity vehicle called the Scout Car. However, the oil industry need a larger capacity in order to transport the geophysical "seismic" drilling rigs. Bruce's next step was to build a tracked trailer, since a method of steering a large vehicle had yet to be located. The powered trailer had tracks 40 inches wide, its own engine, and could carry a five-ton load through muskeg. Although it had its own power, it was navigated by the smaller Scout Car, which was attached to its front hitch. Imperial Oil, responding to this breakthrough in muskeg vehicles, bought 30 powered tracked trailers and 30 Scout Cars.
The company, Bruce Nodwell Ltd., then began working on designing improvements to the powered trailer so that it would be a self-sufficient unit. The successful trailer was to be modified to include a cab and a steering differential device to make it into a self operating vehicle. Eventually, after a few unsuccessful attempts at finding or building a steering mechanism, the problem was solved by modifying an Oliver Tractor steering differential. The new vehicle was first called the Tracked Truck. However, everyone in the industry knew Bruce, because of his close contact with existing and potential customers, so they called the vehicle the "Nodwell". Later, the vehicle became known as the Nodwell 110, indicating its payload in 100-pound units.
Even though the Model 110 was now proving to be a more successful operating unit, the Canadian marketplace was reluctant to purchase many Nodwell vehicles due to memories of past failures. For a while it became necessary for the company to try another market, making their first major sale to Western Geophysical in Alaska. This sale consisted of a complete geophysical crew, including five drill carriers, two recorders, a mechanics shop, kitchen unit and crew quarters, all mounted on the Model 110 vehicles. This crew operated successfully in severe muskeg conditions, spreading the reputation of the Model 110 throughout the geophysical industry both in Canada and Alaska.
This model became the standard for geophysical work in the muskeg country of Northern Canada and Alaska. The Nodwell 110 was ultimately so successful that over 1,500 vehicles of this style were manufactured by the industry. Several Nodwell vehicles were delivered to the US Antarctic Research Organization and in 1961 a Place-Name survey group named a mountain in the Antarctic Peninsula Nodwell Peaks.
Diversification of products and worldwide markets
As Bruce expanded the applications and product line, additional financing was required and he used a number of different companies including, North King Equipment Ltd., Bruce Nodwell Ltd. and in 1958, Robin-Nodwell Ltd. Bruce left Robin-Nodwell in 1965 to join his son, Jack Nodwell, in a new company, Foremost Industries. Foremost, over the years expanded the product lines to encompass both tracked and large-tired vehicles with load capacities from 5 to 70 tonnes. The company pursued international markets throughout the world, with its major success being in the USSR and Russia where over 700 vehicles with load capacities of 30 tonnes were delivered.
In 1976 Foremost Industries recovered the trade name "Nodwell" when its rival folded.
Recognitions
In 1970, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada, Canada's highest civilian honor, "for his contribution to the opening of the Canadian North through his inventions and development of various types of tracked vehicles".
A mountain in Antarctica "Nodwell Peaks" was named in recognition of the vehicles in use by the various Antarctica Research institutions.
A large lake in Canada's North West Territories is called Nodwell Lake (Lat 67.4539, Long -135.3115). During the early days of geophysical exploration in the north, the Nodwell vehicles were often sent out onto lakes once the ice was believed to be strong enough. The tracks in the snow would speed further freezing for other equipment. A Nodwell 110 fell through the ice of this lake and from then on it was known as Nodwell Lake. The crew was able to quickly exit out of the "Escape Hatch" on the roof that was standard equipment.
Canada Post issued a special stamp series in 1996 called Historic Land Vehicles. The Robin-Nodwell RN 110 is illustrated on an 88 cent stamp.
References
1914 births
2006 deaths
20th-century Canadian inventors
Officers of the Order of Canada
Crescent is an unincorporated community in Klamath County, Oregon, United States. Crescent is along U.S. Route 97 about south-southwest of Bend. Crescent has a post office with ZIP code 97733.
Demographics
Climate
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above . According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Crescent has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.
References
Unincorporated communities in Klamath County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
Wandsbeker TSV Concordia is a German football and sports club from the Hamburg borough of Wandsbek.
History
The club was founded on 27 March 2013 as a merger of SC Concordia von 1907 and TSV Wandsbek-Jenfeld 1881. Wandsbek-Jenfeld was founded in 2000 and it originated as a workers' club FTSV Wandsbek, later known as FWSV Wandsbek-Hinschenfelde, which was founded in 1881 and dissolved in 1933. The dissolved club's members joined Jenfelder SV Ost-Wandsbek which later changed name to SV Ost-Wandsbek 1913. On 25 April 2014 the merged club absorbed Wandsbek MTV 1872. The football section played in the Oberliga Nord, then one of the top divisions in German football, in 1947–53 and 1956–63.
The new club took over Concordia'''s place in the Landesliga Hansa (VI) and finished fourth in 2013–14. A runners-up finish in 2014–15 qualified it for promotion playoffs against the Landesliga Hammonia runners-up TuS Osdorf. Wandsbek'' lost the away leg 1-2 but succeeded at home 3–0, and promoted to the Oberliga Hamburg (V).
In the 2021–22 season, Concordia was the only Oberliga Hamburg team which applied for a spot in the Regionalliga Nord. After a draw against SV Todesfelde and defeats against Kickers Emden and Bremer SV, they finished 4th in the promotion play-offs and therefore stayed in the Oberliga.
Other departments
The club also has other sections namely in handball, jujutsu, judo, karate, children's athletics, chess, tennis, and volleyball.
References
External links
Official club website
Former club Wandsbek 72 site
First team site
Football clubs in Hamburg
Association football clubs established in 2013
2013 establishments in Germany
Wandsbek
Indrit Tuci (born 14 September 2000) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Croatian club Lokomotiva in the Croatian First Football League.
External links
2000 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Croatian Football League players
NK Lokomotiva Zagreb players
Albanian footballers
Albania under-21 international footballers
Albanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Albanian expatriates in Croatia
Jameson's wattle-eye (Platysteira jamesoni) is a species of bird in the family Platysteiridae.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, South Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Jameson's wattle-eye
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of East Africa
Jameson's wattle-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Cerconota capnosphaera is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is 17–18 mm. The forewings are light brownish-ochreous, somewhat sprinkled with light grey and with a small grey spot on the base of the dorsum and with a roundish dark slaty-grey blotch resting on the costa about one-fifth and reaching half across the wing, followed by two small grey spots. There is a very dark brown trapezoidal blotch extending on the dorsum from two-fifths to three-fourths, reaching half across the wing, narrowed upwards. A very dark brown transverse-oval blotch is found towards the termen, the area between this and the dorsal blotch dark slaty grey, forming an irregular patch extending upwards in front of the subterminal blotch nearly to the costa. There are two or three small irregular dark grey marks towards the costa on the posterior half and a dark slaty-grey pre-terminal streak, only narrowly separated from the preceding blotch above and touching it beneath. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1916
Cerconota
Andreas Ioannis "Andrew" Oikonomou was a Greek track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics in the marathon. He finished last of the fifteen finishers, but moved up to fourteenth after Frederick Lorz was disqualified.
See also
Greece at the 1904 Summer Olympics
References
External links
Greek male marathon runners
Olympic athletes of Greece
Athletes (track and field) at the 1904 Summer Olympics
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Vladimir Feldman (born 13 September 1959 in Zhytomyr) is an Australian chess International Master and trainer.
Feldman won the City of Sydney Chess Championship in 1993 and 1994, and the New South Wales Chess Championship in 1995.
In 1999, Feldman won the inaugural Oceania Zonal Chess Championship, held on the Gold Coast, Australia. As a result, he was awarded the title of International Master (IM) and qualified to play in the FIDE World Chess Championship 1999. In this competition he was eliminated in round 1 by Jordi Magem Badals from Spain.
Feldman represented Australia in the 2008 World Mind Sports Games in Beijing, China. He played for team Canberra in the 2012 World Cities Chess Championship in Al Ain, UAE.
Feldman has a master's degree in Chess Coaching from the State Institute of Physical Culture, Moscow, and is the co-owner of "Chess Masters", a chess coaching business in Sydney, with his wife, IM Irina Berezina. In 2005, he was awarded the FIDE Trainer title.
References
External links
Vladimir Feldman chess games at 365Chess.com
Chess Masters
1959 births
Living people
Chess International Masters
Australian chess players
Australian people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
Jewish Australian sportspeople
Jewish chess players
Sportspeople from Zhytomyr
Soviet emigrants to Australia
Soviet Jews
Lorenzo Piretto, O.P. (born 15 December 1942) is the emeritus Archbishop of Izmir and a Dominican friar. He was ordained to the episcopate and installed as Archbishop of Izmir on 20 December 2015, five days after his 73rd birthday.
Biography
Lorenzo Piretto was born in Mazzè in the frazione of Tonengo in 1942, and was ordained as a Dominican priest in 1966. He continued his theological studies in Bologna, where he was licensed in 1967, and in Turin where he became a doctor in 1972. From 1967 to 1974 he taught philosophy at the Dominican seminary of Chieri.
From 1983 to 2005 he taught Italian at Marmara University and, during the same period, was a journalist for the Christian review publication Presence.
From 2004 to 2015, he was a parson in St Peter and Paul church in Istanbul.
On 7 November 2015 Pope Francis appointed him Archbishop of Izmir. He was consecrated on 20 December 2015, by Armenian Catholic Archeparch of Istanbul Boghos Lévon Zékiyan.
He resigned on 8 December 2020.
References
1942 births
Roman Catholic archbishops of Izmir
Living people
21st-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
University of Bologna alumni
University of Turin alumni
People from the Province of Turin
Italian Dominicans
Italian expatriates in Turkey
Dominican bishops
Ronald Sheed (1947 – June 2018) was a Scottish footballer who played in midfield for Kilmarnock and Partick Thistle F.C.
Sheed made his Kilmarnock debut in a Fairs Cup tie against Romanian outfit Dinamo Bacau and went on to make 152 appearances for the Rugby Park club. Sheed then moved to Partick Thistle in 1977 making a handful of appearances before retiring from the senior game in 1980.
Sheed died in June 2018 at the age of 71.
References
1947 births
2018 deaths
Kilmarnock F.C. players
Partick Thistle F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Scottish footballers
The Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (DTSA) (, codified at , et seq.) is a United States federal law that allows an owner of a trade secret to sue in federal court when its trade secrets have been misappropriated. The act was signed into law by President Barack Obama on May 11, 2016. It underscored Congress's desire to align closely with the Uniform Trade Secrets Act, which had been adopted in some form in almost every U.S. state. Technically, the DTSA extended the Economic Espionage Act of 1996, which criminalizes certain trade secret misappropriations.
The law also grants legal immunity to corporate whistleblowers.
After the DTSA's passage by the Senate, Forbes magazine called the law the "Biggest Development in [Intellectual Property] in Years".
Notable cases
The first judicial decision under the DTSA was Henry Schein, Inc. v. Cook, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, on June 10, 2016. In that decision, U.S. District Court Judge Jon S. Tigar granted the first temporary restraining order under the DTSA prohibiting an ex-employee from soliciting customers of the plaintiff.
The first verdict under the act came in Dalmatia Import Group, Inc. v. FoodMatch Inc. et al., on February 25, 2017. In that case, a federal jury awarded Dalmatia $2.5 million for misappropriation of trade secrets, trademark infringement and counterfeiting, $500,000 of which was allocated to the DTSA claim. The trade secrets claim was based on Foodmatch's misappropriation of Dalmatia's fig jam recipe.
References
External links
at congress.gov
Acts of the 114th United States Congress
Trade secrets
United States federal commerce legislation
United States federal trade legislation
United States federal intellectual property legislation
Poole by-election may refer to
1874 Poole by-election
1884 Poole by-election
Disambiguation pages
Frank Gavin may refer to:
Francis Gavin, professor of political science at MIT
Frank S. B. Gavin (1890–1938), American Anglican priest and theologian
Judit Hidasi (; born 11 July 1948) is a Hungarian linguist, professor of communication at Faculty of International Management and Business, Budapest Business School.
Biography and career
Hidasi was born on 11 July 1948 in Budapest. She earned M.A. degrees at the Eötvös Loránd University, Faculty of Arts in English and Russian Philology in 1971, and in General and Applied Linguistics in 1976.
In 1971 she began to teach in what was then the Foreign Language Department at Budapest College for Foreign Trade (until 1971, it has been the International Management and Business College, and from 2001 it has become the Faculty of International Management and Business of Budapest Business School). She earned a candidate of linguistics degree in 1986. In 1988 she earned a B.A. in Business Administration at Budapest College for Foreign Trade, and was then appointed head of the Department of Russian Language at the International Management and Business College. She was head of department until 1992 and deputy principal in charge of Academic and International Affairs from 1989 to 1993 at the Budapest College for Foreign Trade.
She worked at the college until 1997 where she not only lectured but took part in scientific researches and was appointed its deputy general director for international affairs from 1991 until 1997. In 1992 she founded the Institute of Oriental Communication Studies and managed it until 1998. In 1997 she habilitated. She acted as a Deputy Head of the Department of International Bilateral Relations at the Ministry of Education and as a secretary of the Hungarian Scholarship Board from 1998 until 2001.
In 1999 she was appointed to university (full) professor and became the head of the Department of Applied Linguistics at the Berzsenyi Teacher Training College, Szombathely. From 2001 to 2006 she was visiting professor of the Department of International Communication at the Kanda University of International Studies .
In 2006 she was appointed dean of the Faculty of International Management and Business, Budapest Business School where she has served until 2012.
She has also lecturered as a visiting professor at Sapientia University, Cluj-Napoca, Romania since 2012, and at Josai University, Sakado, Japan since 2015.
She has been a full professor of communication and director for International Relations, Budapest Business School since 2012.
Committee memberships
Japan Society for Multicultural Relations (Tabunka Kankei Gakkai), member – 2002
International Society for Intercultural Education and Research (SIETAR): SIETAR Japan, member – 2001
The Asiatic Society, member – 2001
European Association of Japanese Studies (EAJS), 1996–2003 Council member; since 2003 member – 1996
International Society for Intercultural Education and Research (SIETAR): SIETAR Europe, member – 1995
Awards and honors
"For the Development of Education" by the Minister of Trade of Hungary – 1992
"Citoyenette d`Honneur Sociale Pro Pace et Unitate Senatorie Meritu Honoris Causa" by the Council of Europe – 1994
"Ágoston Trefort Prize" by the Minister of Education, Hungary – 2000
Order of the Rising Sun, 3rd Class, Gold Rays with Neck Ribbon –2005
Bibliography
Selected works
Books
Intercultural Communication: An outline, Sangensha, Tokyo, 2005.
Papers
References
1948 births
Writers from Budapest
Linguists from Hungary
Hungarian women academics
Living people
Japanologists
Recipients of the Order of the Rising Sun, 3rd class
Eötvös Loránd University alumni
20th-century Hungarian women
21st-century Hungarian women
Gifted Child Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of education. The journal's editors-in-chief are Jill L. Adelson of the Duke University Talent Identification Program and Michael S. Matthews of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. The journal was established in 1957 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the National Association for Gifted Children.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2018 impact factor is 1.304, ranking it 41st out of 59 journals in the category "Psychology, Educational" and 24th out of 41 journals in the category "Education, Special".
Open Science
In December, 2018, under the leadership of Co-Editors Jill L. Adelson and Michael S. Matthews, GCQ was the first gifted education journal to sign the Transparency and Openness Promotion (TOP) Guidelines. In March 2019, they announced the journal's commitment to transparency, openness, and research improvement in an open-access article. The journal is committed to meeting Level I or better in all eight areas of the TOP Guidelines: citation standards, data transparency, analytic methods (code) transparency, research materials transparency, design and analysis transparency, study and analysis plan preregistration, and replication. To that end, GCQ submission guidelines were expanded to encourage submission of replication studies with peer review, with particular encouragement to use Registered Reports for replication studies (Level III); to require authors to provide appropriate citations for data and materials, when appropriate (Level III); and to require authors to state whether data are available, and if so, where to access them (Level I).
To encourage individual researchers to implement open science practices, GCQ implemented an Open Science badge system in 2019, using small icons to communicate clearly to readers when articles have implemented specific open science practices. The badges indicate the following practices: (1) data are available in a public, open-access repository with a DOI or other permanent path; (2) materials (e.g., analytic code, interview protocols) are available in a public, open-access repository with a DOI or other permanent path; and (3) a preregistration (and, if applicable, analysis) plan was registered in a public, open-access repository with a DOI or other permanent path prior to the examination of the data or observing the outcomes.
References
External links
Facebook page
Twitter account
English-language journals
Gifted education
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1957
SAGE Publishing academic journals
Special education journals
Sardar-e Jangal () may refer to:
Sardar-e Jangal District
Sardar-e Jangal Rural District
John Robert Wright (October 20, 1936 – January 12, 2022) was an American Episcopal priest and St. Mark's Church in-the-Bowery professor at General Theological Seminary and a church historian. Wright was Professor Emeritus of Ecclesiastical History at the General Theological Seminary in New York City. He was a specialist in patristic studies and an authority on the Anglican Book of Common Prayer and on Russian Orthodox and other icons. He was the longest-tenured faculty member at the General Theological Seminary.
Wright was known for his engagement in ecumenical dialogues between the US Episcopal Church and other churches, particularly the Roman Catholic, Armenian Apostolic, and Russian Orthodox, as well as the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, the Old Catholics, and the Philippine Independent Church. He was the principal Episcopal author of the Called to Common Mission accord with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.
Early life and education
Wright was born on October 20, 1936. He did his undergraduate work at the University of the South in Sewanee and also studied at Oxford University and the Pontifical Institute of Medieval Studies in Toronto.
Career
Wright wrote a history of St. Thomas Church in New York City as well as a history of the church and the English crown in the 14th century, based on his research into the records of Archbishop Walter Reynolds. In 2008, he published a commentary on the Ecclesiastical History by the Venerable Bede.
Wright was the president of the former US Anglican Society and the chaplain, in perpetuity, of the Guild of Scholars of The Episcopal Church. He was the immediate past Historiographer of the Episcopal Church in the US and a member of the advisory board of Project Canterbury. In 2007, he was awarded the Archbishop of Canterbury's Cross of St Augustine for his scholarly contribution to ecumenical dialogue. In 2010, a group of his students presented a prayer book owned by William Reed Huntington to the General Theological Seminary in Wright's honor.
In 2010, as the result of a letter he published in the New York Times, Wright made a lecture tour in Kosovo as the guest of the American University there. As of July 2012, he was completing a study of the (Anglican) Thirty-Nine Articles of Religion with the assistance of his student Daniel Fowler, and his major essay on The Book of Common Prayer was published in the 2013 Wiley-Blackwell Companion to the Anglican Communion.
Death
Wright was hospitalized with pneumonia derived from COVID-19 in late 2021, but was released. He died in his New York City home on January 12, 2022, at the age of 85.
Honors
A festschrift in his honor, One Lord, One Faith, One Baptism: Studies in Christian Ecclesiality and Ecumenism in honor of J. Robert Wright, edited by Marsha L. Dutton and Patrick Terrell Gray, copyedited by Richard Mammana, was published in 2006 by Eerdmans on the occasion of Wright's 70th birthday.
References
External links
J. Robert Wright Project Canterbury
J. Robert Wright, church historian, ecumenist, dies at 85
1936 births
2022 deaths
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
American Episcopal priests
American male non-fiction writers
General Theological Seminary faculty
Recipients of the Cross of St Augustine
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in New York (state)
Remda-Teichel is a town and a former municipality in the district of Saalfeld-Rudolstadt, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 15 km northwest of Saalfeld, and 28 km southeast of Erfurt. Since 1 January 2019, it is part of the town Rudolstadt.
References
Towns in Thuringia
Saalfeld-Rudolstadt
Former municipalities in Thuringia
HD 20781 c is a hot Neptune around the star HD 20781. The planet has a mass of 15.78 Earth masses and it orbits with a semi-major axis of 0.3456 astronomical units and an orbital eccentricity of approximately 0.28. With the same composition as Neptune, it would have a radius of 3.79 times that of the Earth. With the same composition as Earth, it would have a radius of 2.08 times that of the Earth. It orbits near the inner edge of the habitable zone of HD 20781.
References
Templates
Exoplanets discovered in 2011
Exoplanets detected by radial velocity
Fornax (constellation)
Hot Neptunes
The women's 70 kg competition in judo at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro was held on 10 August at the Carioca Arena 2.
The gold and silver medals were determined by a single-elimination tournament, with the winner of the final taking gold and the loser receiving silver. Judo events awarded two bronze medals. Quarterfinal losers competed in a repechage match for the right to face a semifinal loser for a bronze medal (that is, the judokas defeated in quarterfinals A and B competed against each other, with the winner of that match facing the semifinal loser from the other half of the bracket).
The medals were presented by Sari Essayah, IOC member from Finland, and the gifts were presented by Lassana Paleinfo, vice president of the International Judo Federation.
Results
Finals
Repechages
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
References
External links
W70
Judo at the Summer Olympics Women's Middleweight
Women's events at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympics W70
Aquhorthies is a Neolithic stone circle near Portlethen in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. The site is composed of a ring cairn and a recumbent stone circle which unusually has two rings. It stands one field away from Auld Bourtreebush stone circle, near to the Causey Mounth. It is a scheduled monument.
Recumbent stone circles
A recumbent stone circle is a type of stone circle constructed in the early Bronze Age. The identifying feature is that the largest stone (the recumbent) is always laid horizontally, with its long axis generally aligned with the perimeter of the ring between the south and southwest. A flanker stone stands each side of the recumbent and these are typically the tallest stones in the circle, with the smallest being situated on the northeastern aspect. The rest of the circle is usually composed of between six and ten orthostats graded by size. The builders tended to select a site which was on a level spur of a hill with excellent views to other landmarks. Over seventy of these circles are found in lowland Aberdeenshire in northeast Scotland – the most similar monuments are the axial stone circles of southwest Ireland. Recumbent stone circles generally enclosed a low ring cairn, though over the millennia these have often disappeared. They may have been a development from the Clava cairns found nearby in Inverness-shire and axial stone circles may have followed the design. Whilst cremated remains have been found at some sites, the precise function of these circles is not known.
Description
The Aquhorthies stone circle is thought to have consisted of two stone circles and a ring cairn, set on a platform. It currently has fourteen remaining orthostats, two being stumps, and originally had at least 18. The cairn has been damaged with only the kerb still intact. The recumbent stone is 2.75 m wide and 1.4 m tall. It is missing one of its flankers. Atypically, there is a forecourt in front of the recumbent. It was made a scheduled monument in 1925.
Visits and excavations
The antiquarian James Garden visited in 1692 on the insistence of John Aubrey but his report confuses the site with the Auld Bourtreebush stone circle in the next field. Aquhorthies was drawn in the 1820s by James Skene and James Logan. It was excavated in 1858 by James Dyce Nicol, Charles Dalrymple, James Nicolson, Captain James Burnett, the Reverend Harry Stuart and Alexander Thomson. The cairn had already been plundered and they discovered some burnt bone fragments and pottery sherds. In the late nineteenth century the circle was visited by among others William Collings Lukis, Christian Maclagan, Robert Angus Smith, William Tomkin and Frederick Coles. Alexander Keiller noted in 1934 that there was an atypical number of stones and that their heights alternated. Alexander Thom surveyed the site in 1955 and Clive Ruggles checked for archaeoastrological alignments in 1981. A geological survey was carried out in 2006.
References
External links
Canmore
Stone circles in Aberdeenshire
Scheduled Ancient Monuments in Aberdeenshire
Tobias Berggren (22 January 1940 – 8 June 2020) was a Swedish poet. He made his literary debut in 1969. Among his later collections are Namn och grus from 1973 and Fält och legender from 1997. He was awarded the Dobloug Prize in 1992.
References
1940 births
2020 deaths
Swedish poets
Swedish male writers
Writers from Stockholm
Dobloug Prize winners
Swedish male poets
The northern brown-throated weaver (Ploceus castanops) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae. It is found in Uganda, Rwanda and adjacent northern Burundi, eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo, western Kenya and northwestern Tanzania.
Hybridisation
P. victoriae (Ash, 1986) is now thought to be a hybrid between P. castanops and P. melanocephalus.
References
External links
Northern brown-throated weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
northern brown-throated weaver
Birds of East Africa
northern brown-throated weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
King Rajasinghe II, also known as Rajasingha II (pre coronation, Prince Deva Astana), was a Sinhalese King, reigned 1629 – 6 December 1687; third king of the Kingdom of Kandy in Sri Lanka. Rajasingha requested Dutch aid to help expel the Portuguese from the island, which they successfully did in 1656. By this time however it had become clear to the Kandyans that the Dutch not only intended to expel the Portuguese but to replace them as the major colonial power on the island. This transfer of power is also believed to be where the Sinhala idiom / figure of speech “ඉඟුරු දී මිරිස් ගත්තා වාගේ” Inguru di miris gaththa wagay (Literal meaning: Like one exchanged ginger for chili) was originated - in reference that the Dutch Rule was much more of a menace to the king and cruel to the people in the island than the Portuguese. From 1645 onwards Rajasingha was engaged in sporadic warfare with his erstwhile allies.
Birth and early life
Rajasingha was the son of Senarat (Senarath), the second ruler of the kingdom of Kandy, based at the city of Senkadagala (modern Kandy) in Sri Lanka's mountainous interior. Since the Portuguese annexation of much of Sri Lanka's coastal areas the kingdom had represented the sole independent native polity on the island. Near incessant warfare had significantly embittered the Kandyans towards the Portuguese; furthermore the brief success of the warlike kingdom of Sitawaka a century earlier had convinced many in the kingdom that the total expulsion of the colonial power was a distinct possibility.
As a young man Rajasingha participated in the 1612 counteroffensive that routed a Portuguese invasion into Kandyan territory.
Rajasingha succeeded his father to the throne in 1634 (1629 in some sources)
Early reign: arrival of the Dutch
Rajasingha's father had long courted the Dutch as a potential ally against the Portuguese. A treaty had been signed between Kandy and Dutch envoy Marcelis Boschouwer but had not amounted to much. Soon after Rajasingha's accession however the Dutch, now firmly established in Batavia, put Portuguese Goa under a blockade. On 28 March 1638, Rajasingha led his army to victory against the Portuguese forces at Gannoruwa. Soon after this, Rajasingha sent a request for aid to the admiral Adam Westerwolt and by 23 May 1638 had signed an extensive military and trade treaty with them.
The Dutch seized Batticaloa on 18 May 1639 and a joint Kandyan–Dutch campaign began to make inroads into Portugal's lowland territories. The alliance was however deeply unpopular with the inhabitants of Kandy.
Tensions soon arose between the two parties. Batticaloa was the traditional port of the Kandyan kingdom (Trincomalee had long been lost, first to the Jaffna kingdom and then to the Portuguese), and Rajasingha was eager to acquire it as soon as possible. The Dutch, however, demurred, demanding full payment for their assistance in displacing the Portuguese. Despite a rising suspicion that the Dutch were not in Sri Lanka to expel the Portuguese, so much as to replace them, the alliance was one that was too valuable for Rajasingha to simply cancel, and joint Dutch–Kandyan efforts resulted in the seizure of Galle on 13 March 1640 and the restriction of Portuguese power to the west coast of Sri Lanka by 1641.
The slow end of the Eighty Years' War however soon resulted in a truce being called between Dutch and Portuguese forces in Sri Lanka (the crowns of Spain and Portugal were united between 1580–1640) sometime between 1641 and 1645. Rajasinga, and many of his advisers, furiously concluded that the Dutch intended to carve Sri Lanka up with the Portuguese, to the detriment of native power. The alliance of 1638 came to an abrupt end and Kandy launched into what was to be a hundred years of intermittent warfare with the Dutch.
The period between 1645 and 1649 saw the Kandyan adopting a scorched earth policy in eastern Sri Lanka. Capturing and annexing Dutch held territory was out of the question for the Kandyans who could muster neither the firepower nor the manpower for an occupation. Nevertheless, Rajasingha's policy of intentionally burning crops and depopulation villages drove the Dutch to the negotiating table and in 1649 and the Kandyan-Dutch alliance was resurrected, albeit on slightly different terms.
Late reign: stalemate
Despite the resurrection of the treaty tensions remained between the Dutch and the Kandyans. The Treaty of Münster had secured Dutch independence in Europe in 1648 and they could now pursue colonial and mercantile expansion without fighting a ruinous war on their doorstep simultaneously. In contrast the kingdom of Kandy was exhausted by constant war, and still without access to Batticaloa, Trincomalee, and the lowlands. Furthermore, it had limited resources, and was increasingly wracked by internal instability.
Nevertheless, from 1652 joint Kandyan-Dutch forces waged an increasingly brutal war against Portuguese strongholds along the coast. During this time Rajasingha had to request support from the sub-king — Patabanda — of Koggala, which suggests that the Kandyan kingdom had by this time become very decentralised, and that local leaders held considerable power.
The landlocked Kandyans were successful in the inland area of the Korales and Sabaragamuwa but relied heavily on Dutch sea power. Accordingly, in August 1655 a large Dutch fleet commanded by Gerard Pietersz. Hulft arrived and the war entered its final phase with the siege by land and sea of the Portuguese colonial capital Colombo. By this point Rajasingha did not trust the Dutch at all and insisted that the city should be ceded to the Kandyan the moment it fell. When this happened in 1656, however, the Dutch shut the gates and left the Kandyans in the hinterlands. Faced with what he saw as yet another example of Dutch perfidy, Rajasingha repeated his devastations of the mid-1640s in the hinterlands of Colombo and withdrew to Kandy. The Dutch in the meanwhile secured power over the kingdom of Jaffna in 1658 and essentially replaced the Portuguese as Kandy's natural enemy on the island.
Safe in his mountain fastness Rajasingha now adopted the same tactics he had deployed against the Portuguese to harass the Dutch. In 1660 his army is known to have been in the vicinity of Dutch-held Trincomalee, and seized the Englishman Robert Knox. Knox subsequently moved to Senkadagala and lived there until 1679; his writings provide one of the best sources on the Kandyan kingdom in the 17th century. Rajasingha may also have considered involving the French in Sri Lankan politics in an attempt to get yet another European power to displace the Dutch.
In Kandy, Rajasingha faced discontented nobles and a populace who had always been opposed to the alliance with the Dutch. The internal situation became so unstable that for a while Rajasingha was forced to abandon the palace and allow rebels to seize control of Sengkadagala, and even suspended the annual Perahara. In 1664, he faced open rebellion from a noble known as Ambanwela Rala, and, unable in his fury to think of a suitable punishment, sent him to the Dutch, assuming they would execute him as a Kandyan noble. It was a mistake — Ambanwela Rala traded his knowledge of the workings of Kandy for a large coconut estate in Dutch territory and died a rich man.
Despite this the king managed to retain control of the crown and expanded the sacred precinct of Kandy, the Dalada Maligawa, adding an extra storey to the central building.
Significance
The single most important trend of Rajasingha's long reign was the replacement of the Portuguese by the Dutch. The strategy of bringing in one European power to help fend off another had backfired spectacularly, and the Kandyan kingdom found itself in much the same position as it had been with the Portuguese. Despite the Dutch being less determined to convert the mass populace and impose their cultural dominance, Europeans increasingly came to be seen as rapacious adventurers who were simply incapable of honouring their deals.
The situation inside the Kandyan kingdom became increasingly unstable and during Rajasingha's reign many of the powerful families that came to dominate Kandyan politics in the 18th century acquired greater power. Attempts on Rajasingha's life appear to have been rather commonplace. Rajasingha's reign also saw a gradual diminution of the Kandyans' dreams of reuniting Sri Lanka under a single, native, crown.
See also
List of Sri Lankan monarchs
Mahavamsa
History of Sri Lanka
Sources
Kings & Rulers of Sri Lanka
External links
Lanka Library - Rajasinghe2
R
1687 deaths
Monarchs of Kandy
1608 births
R
R
The Eiao monarch (Pomarea fluxa) is an extinct species of bird in the family Monarchidae. The species is sometimes considered to have been conspecific with the Iphis monarch. It was endemic to French Polynesia. Its natural habitats were subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
The Eiao Monarch was last seen in 1977. The likely cause of extinction is thought to have been introduced predators (feral cats, black rats) however, other contributing factors may have included possible avian disease from introduced species (Chestnut-breasted Mannikin) and habitat loss caused by intensive grazing by introduced sheep.
Taxonomy and systematics
Until 2012, the Eiao monarch was considered to be a subspecies (Pomarea iphis fluxa) of the Iphis monarch.
References
Pomarea
Extinct birds of Oceania
Birds described in 1928
Taxa named by Robert Cushman Murphy
Species made extinct by human activities
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
†
†
Martin Andersson (born 16 January 1981) is a Swedish retired footballer who played for IF Elfsborg as a defender.
References
External links
Elite Prospects profile
1981 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Association football defenders
IF Elfsborg players
Aliabad (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 87, in 18 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Pratapa is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the far eastern Palearctic realm (China) and in the Indomalayan realm.
Species
Pratapa cameria de Nicéville Sulawesi
Pratapa deva (Moore, 1858)
Pratapa icetas (Hewitson, 1865)
Pratapa icetoides (Elwes, 1893)
Pratapa ismaeli Hayashi, Schröder & Treadaway, 1983 may be Pratapa tyotaroi ssp. ismaeli Hayashi, Schröder & Treadaway, 1983 Philippines (Mindanao)
Pratapa tyotaroi Hayashi, 1981
External links
"Pratapa Moore, [1881]" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Iolaini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Frederic Moore
Patricia "Pat" Simpson FRS is a distinguished British developmental biologist. Simpson was a professor of Comparative Biology at the University of Cambridge from 2003 to 2010, and was the University's Director of Research for the academic year 2010/2011. She is currently an Emeritus Professor of the Department of Zoology of the University of Cambridge, having previously been Professor of Comparative Embryology, and a Fellow of Newnham College. She was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2000.
Patricia Simpson graduated with her PhD in 1976 from Universite de Paris VI, Pierre and Marie Curie University.
Her research interests include organismal biology, evolution, and ecology, and she is distinguished for her work on insect development and evolution. Specifically, her research explores the pattern formation of sensory bristles in fruit flies. Her first major discovery was that pattern formation and growth of fly bristles are regulated by the same mechanism. By a study of genetic mosaics she demonstrated that cells develop into particular structures by means of local interactions with their neighbours.
She has made major contributions to the understanding of the process of lateral inhibition, whereby initially equivalent cells interact between themselves and subsequently adopt different fates.
This process involves a conserved cellular receptor and is equally important in mammals; the work can be related to studies on human development and disease.
Awards
1993: Silver medal of the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifque, France
1993: She was elected as the member of the EMBO
2000: Fellow of the Royal Society
2008: Waddington Medal of the British Society of Developmental Biology
2012: Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
2016: Honorary Fellowship from Newnham College, Cambridge
References
External links
"Patricia Simpson", Google Scholar
Living people
British women biologists
20th-century British biologists
20th-century British women scientists
21st-century British biologists
21st-century British women scientists
Pierre and Marie Curie University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Fellows of Newnham College, Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Society
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Wellcome Trust Principal Research Fellows
Kaimoto (written: 海本) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese footballer
Japanese-language surnames
Sporting Clube de Nampula, is a football (soccer) club from Nampula, Mozambique, playing in the top division in Mozambican football, Moçambola.
Current squad
Nampula
Association football clubs established in 1948
Talicada is an Indomalayan genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Talicada nyseus (Guérin-Méneville, 1843) – Red Pierrot
Talicada metana Riley & Godfrey, 1921 Thailand
Talicada buruana Holland, 1900 Buru
External links
Funet
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Frederic Moore
VESA Stereo is a liquid crystal shutter glasses interface standard by the Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA) for stereoscopic 3D displays. The system does not drive the glasses directly, instead providing a basic signal and power to be used by other electronics either inside the glasses or in an external unit.
The VESA Stereo connector has been extensively used in 3D accelerators as well as 3D DLP TVs.
Technical Details
The stereo-sync signal changes when the system is changing between showing images for the right eye and left eye. The signal is a TTL signal where the "high" state indicates the left eye should be exposed.
No special software is necessarily needed to create the stereo-sync signal as it can be created from the Vertical synchronization signal being fed to the monitor (if it is using RGB component video).
References
External links
VESA homepage
Connector and Signal Standards for Stereoscopic Display Hardware
Digital display connectors
VESA
Stereoscopy
3D imaging
William Mason Fasset (January 28, 1876 – March 23, 1958) was a United States Army officer in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. He served in the Spanish–American War, Philippine–American War, and World War I, and he received the Distinguished Service Medal among several other awards.
Biography
Fasset was born on January 28, 1876, in Nashua, New Hampshire. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1897 and was commissioned into the infantry.
Fasset served in the Spanish–American War in Santiago de Cuba, and he earned a Silver Star in that conflict. He then participated in the Philippine–American War. After serving in various positions in the United States, Fasset became the Chief of Staff of the 31st Infantry Division. After his promotion to the rank of brigadier general on October 1, 1918, Fasset assumed command of the 37th Infantry Brigade of the American Expeditionary Forces. In addition to receiving the Distinguished Service Medal for his performance, Belgium awarded him the Croix de Guerre and France awarded him the Legion of Honour.
After reverting to his permanent rank of colonel, Fasset retired from the military in 1924. Congress restored his brigadier general rank in June 1930. As a retiree, Fasset raised citrus fruit in Florida, and he died in Orlando on March 23, 1958.
Personal life
Fasset never married.
References
Bibliography
1876 births
1958 deaths
People from Nashua, New Hampshire
Military personnel from New Hampshire
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
United States Army generals of World War I
United States Army generals
Recipients of the Silver Star
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
Recipients of the Croix de guerre (Belgium)
United States Military Academy alumni
Citrus farmers
United States Army Infantry Branch personnel
[[Category:American military personnel of the Philippine–American War
Gunakari (; Dargwa: Гьунахъари) is a rural locality (a selo) in Buskrinsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 371 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Gunakari is located 11 km northeast of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kalkni and Dibgashi are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Gregor Cvijič (born 26 March 1972) is a Slovenian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1972 births
Living people
Slovenian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Slovenia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
Shanderman () may refer to:
Shanderman District
Shanderman Rural District
Haji Aliyev (; born 21 April 1991, in Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan SSR) is an Azerbaijani freestyle wrestler. He competed at the 61 kg division in the 2014 European Wrestling Championships and won the gold medal after beating Bekkhan Goygereyev of Russia.
Aliyev won his first world championship gold medal in the freestyle 61 kg class in the 2014 World Wrestling Championships in Tashkent.
Moreover, Aliyev got his second and third gold medals in Las Vegas 2015 and Paris 2017.
In June 2015, he competed in the inaugural European Games, for the host country Azerbaijan in wrestling, more specifically, Men's freestyle in the 61 kilogram range. He earned a bronze medal.
He competed in the 57 kg division at the 2016 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal after beating Vladimir Dubov of Bulgaria. He was the flag bearer for Azerbaijan during the closing ceremonies.
His personal coach is Elman Azimzadeh.
After this success, Haji Aliyev won the European Championship among juniors held in Dawgwils, Latvia. 17-year-old Haji Aliyev, who competed in 54 kg, confidently defeated all his rivals at the finals and defeated Georgian Vladimir Khincheashvili at the decisive game and was awarded the silver medal of the European Championship. On July 25, President of the Azerbaijan Wrestling Federation Fazil Mammadov received the wrestlers who won the European Championship among juniors, including Haji Aliyev. Haci Aliyev participated in his last race in Istanbul, Turkey in 2008. Haci Aliyev, who competed in the "Presidential Tournament", was not in the list of medalists.
In 2009, Haji Aliyev won the first place in the Azerbaijani Youth Championship in February. Haci Aliyev, who tried hard in 60 kilograms, defeated Aghahuseyn Muradov in the finals and won the silver medal of the race. In March, Haji Aliyev joined the international tournament in Riga, Latvia and finished in the 5th place.
Haji Aliyev has made his next achievements in 2009 in domestic competitions. He won the tournament in October among young people dedicated to the memory of the Azerbaijani National Hero Aliyar Aliyev and became the champion of the race. In December, Haji Aliyev has won the first place among adults. He defeated all his opponents in the Cup of Azerbaijan and became the winner of the tournament.
In 2020, he won one of the bronze medals in the men's 65 kg event at the 2020 Individual Wrestling World Cup held in Belgrade, Serbia.
In August 2021 in 2020 Summer Olympics , he defeated Daulet Niyazbekov to enter Semi Finals round.
He lost his bronze medal match in the 65kg event at the 2022 World Wrestling Championships held in Belgrade, Serbia.
References
External links
1991 births
People from Nakhchivan
Living people
Wrestlers at the 2015 European Games
European Games medalists in wrestling
European Games bronze medalists for Azerbaijan
Azerbaijani male sport wrestlers
World Wrestling Championships medalists
Olympic wrestlers of Azerbaijan
Wrestlers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in wrestling
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Azerbaijan
World Wrestling Champions
Universiade medalists in wrestling
Universiade bronze medalists for Azerbaijan
Wrestlers at the 2019 European Games
European Games gold medalists for Azerbaijan
European Wrestling Champions
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
Islamic Solidarity Games medalists in wrestling
Islamic Solidarity Games competitors for Azerbaijan
Wrestlers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Raúl José Espíndola (born September 13, 1958 in Rafaela, Santa Fe, Argentina) is a former footballer. He played for clubs in Argentina, Chile and Ecuador.
Teams
Colón de Santa Fe 1982
Deportivo Morón 1983–1986
Argentinos Juniors 1987–1988
Cobreloa 1989
Deportivo Morón 1989–1990
Talleres (RE) 1991–1992
Deportivo Quito 1992–1993
External links
Profile at BDFA
1958 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Argentinos Juniors footballers
Club Atlético Colón footballers
S.D. Quito footballers
Cobreloa footballers
Talleres de Remedios de Escalada footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Argentine Primera División players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Ecuador
Association football forwards
People from Rafaela
Sportspeople from Santa Fe Province
Olga Alekseyevna Govortsova ( (Volha Alyakseyeuna Havartsova); ; born 23 August 1988) is a Belarusian professional tennis player. On 23 June 2008, she achieved a career-high singles ranking of world No. 35. On 29 August 2011, she peaked at No. 24 in the doubles rankings.
Tennis career
She reached her first WTA Tour final at the 2008 Memphis Open but lost in straight sets to Lindsay Davenport.
Govortsova is sponsored by Wilson and Chinese clothing company Peak. She is represented by French-based sports agency Lagardère Unlimited.
2009
She began her season at the Brisbane International, where she defeated eighth seed Francesca Schiavone en route to the quarterfinals. However, she fell against world No. 41, Sara Errani.
At the Australian Open, she received main-draw entry but lost in straight sets against 20th seed Amélie Mauresmo in the first round.
She then played in Indian Wells, a Premier-Mandatory event where she defeated British Anne Keothavong in the first round before falling to Peng Shuai.
In Miami, at the second Premier-Mandatory event, she lost in the first round to Belarusian qualifier Anastasiya Yakimova.
In October, she reached the final of the Kremlin Cup, losing to Francesca Schiavone.
2010
Govortsova started the new year at the Brisbane International where she lost in the first round to Barbora Záhlavová-Strýcová. At the Sydney International she lost in the first qualifying round to Chanelle Scheepers.
At the Australian Open, she lost in the first round to Angelique Kerber.
At Amelia Island, she beat second seed Alona Bondarenko in the first round, and in the second round Anna Tatishvili, and in the quarterfinals Varvara Lepchenko, and in the semifinals third seed Dominika Cibulková, before losing her third WTA Tour singles final to Caroline Wozniacki.
2015
At the Internationaux de Strasbourg, Govortsova retired in the first round when she played against Mirjana Lučić-Baroni. She failed to qualify for the French Open, losing in three sets to Alexa Glatch.
At Wimbledon, Govortsova advanced to the fourth round of a Grand Slam tournament for the first time, by defeating opponents such as Alizé Cornet (who had beaten Serena Williams the previous year) and Magdaléna Rybáriková in the early rounds. She eventually lost to Madison Keys.
At the Rogers Cup, Govortsova qualified for the main draw, and defeated Irina-Camelia Begu in her opening match before losing to fifth seed Ana Ivanovic in straight sets.
Performance timelines
Only main-draw results of WTA Tour, Grand Slam tournaments and Olympic Games are included in win–loss records.
Singles
Current through the 2022 Australian Open.
Doubles
Current after the season of 2021.
Significant finals
Premier Mandatory/Premier 5 tournaments
Doubles: 2 (1 title, 1 runner-up)
WTA career finals
Singles: 4 (4 runner-ups)
Doubles: 14 (8 titles, 6 runner-ups)
WTA 125 tournament finals
Singles: 1 (1 runner-up)
Doubles: 1 (1 title)
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 16 (9 titles, 7 runner–ups)
Doubles: 9 (3 titles, 6 runner–ups)
Head-to-head records
Govortsova's match record against players who have been ranked world No. 10 or better is as follows:
Lindsay Davenport 0–1
Venus Williams 0–2
Serena Williams 0–1
Amélie Mauresmo 0–1
Maria Sharapova 0–1
Ana Ivanovic 0–3
Jelena Janković 0–1
Caroline Wozniacki 0–1
Victoria Azarenka 1–1
Svetlana Kuznetsova 0–1
Petra Kvitová 0–2
Agnieszka Radwańska 1–3
Li Na 0–4
Simona Halep 0–3
Elina Svitolina 0–1
Nadia Petrova 0–2
Elena Dementieva 0–3
Jelena Dokic 0–1
Francesca Schiavone 4–2
Samantha Stosur 1–0
Daniela Hantuchová 1–4
Anna Chakvetadze 0–1
Angelique Kerber 1–5
Sara Errani 0–2
Eugenie Bouchard 0–2
Lucie Šafářová 0–2
Patty Schnyder 0–1
Nicole Vaidišová 1–0
Marion Bartoli 1–3
Karolína Plíšková 1–0
Ai Sugiyama 1–1
Ekaterina Makarova 2–0
Carla Suárez Navarro 2–2
Andrea Petkovic 1–2
Flavia Pennetta 0–3
Maria Kirilenko 0–1
Dominika Cibulková 1–0
World TeamTennis
Govortsova has played three seasons with World TeamTennis, making her debut in 2013 with the Sacramento Capitals. She has since played for the Springfield Lasers in 2014 and 2019 was announced to be joining the Lasers again during the 2020 WTT season set to begin July 12.
Notes
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pinsk
Belarusian female tennis players
Olympic tennis players of Belarus
Tennis players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Wimbledon junior champions
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in girls' doubles
Landers Peak or Lander's Peak may refer to:
Lander Peak, in the Rocky Mountains of North America
The Rocky Mountains, Lander's Peak, 1863 painting by Albert Bierstadt
Landers Peaks, a group of peaks in Antarctica
See also
Landers (disambiguation)
Lander (disambiguation)
ISO 3166-2:VE is the entry for Venezuela in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Venezuela, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 1 capital district, 1 federal dependency, and 23 states. The Venezuelan Capital District contains the central part of the capital of the country Caracas and has special status equal to the states.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Venezuela. The second part is a letter:
A: federal district
B–V (except Q): states as of late 1980s
W: federal dependency
X: state created in 1998
Y–Z: former federal territories given state status in early 1990s
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
Click on the button in the header to sort each column.
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998:
See also
Subdivisions of Venezuela
FIPS region codes of Venezuela
References
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: VE
States of Venezuela, Statoids.com
2:VE
ISO 3166-2
Venezuela geography-related lists
Miltonduff is a Scotch whisky distillery located in Miltonduff six miles south-west of Elgin in the whisky region of Speyside.
History
The distillery site 'Milton' was said to have been chosen because of the good quality of the local water source under the ownership of Pluscarden Abbey; indeed, the distillery is the site of the Abbey's former mill. Milton became Miltonduff after the Duff family acquired the area and a distillery was built in 1824. In 1866, the distillery was acquired by William Stuart (owner of the Highland Park Distillery and he eventually entered into business with Thomas Yool in 1890, when the distillery was expanded and reached production of over one million litres of alcohol.
In 1936, Yool sold the distillery to Hiram Walker, which eventually passed in ownership to Allied Distillers. The distillery site was expanded with the construction of Allied Distillers' Malt Technical Centre, laboratory, engineering department and management offices. In 1960, the distillery was notable as the pioneer of a new method of heating the wash stills (through a series of heat exchanges and a diffuser).
In 2005, Pernod Ricard bought the distillery and it is now operated under their subsidiary Chivas Brothers.
In May 2022, Chivas Brothers announced that £88 million would be invested in the expansion of the distillery (together with Aberlour distillery). This is to include newer energy efficient production methods, incorporating Mechanical Vapour Recompression (MVR) fan technology. The new sustainable distillery is to be built adjacent to the current distillery by 2025.
Facilities
The distillery has six stills and several warehouses for storage.
Products
The distillery has been a key production component of Ballantyne's blended whisky since 1936.
While much of the production of Miltonduff is used in blends, the distillery has produced a single malt since 1964 named 'Mosstowie'.
References
Scottish malt whisky
Distilleries in Scotland
Regierungsbezirk Oppeln was a Regierungsbezirk, or government region, in the Prussian Province of Silesia, from 1813 to 1945, which covered the south-eastern part of Silesia.
Geography
The capital of the Regierungsbezirk was the Upper Silesian city of Oppeln. Other important cities in the region included Kattowitz, Gleiwitz, Beuthen, Königshütte, Hindenburg, Ratibor, Neustadt, Neisse and Kreuzburg.
It comprised the following districts (as of 1910):
Population
Ethno-linguistic structure
References
1945 disestablishments in Germany
1813 establishments in Prussia
Opole
History of Silesia
Government regions of Prussia
Province of Upper Silesia
Province of Silesia
Zarandeh () may refer to:
Zarandeh, Binalud
Zarandeh, Mazul
Tama, or Damut, is the primary language spoken by the Tama people in Ouaddai, eastern Chad and in Darfur, western Sudan. It is a member of the Taman language family. Miisiirii is often considered a dialect, though it is not particularly close.
Demographics
Tama is spoken by 63,000 people in Dar Tama, a well irrigated area near Guéréda that extends from Kebkebiya village to nearby Sudan. There are two nearly identical dialects, one spoken in the northern and central areas, and another one spoken in the south.
References
External links
Tama basic lexicon at the Global Lexicostatistical Database
Taman languages
Languages of Chad
Languages of Sudan
Brave Lifa (born 5 September 1995) is a Malawian swimmer. He competed in the men's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics, where he ranked 83rd with a time of 28.54 seconds. He did not advance to the semifinals.
References
1995 births
Living people
Malawian male freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Malawi
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Taichung County was a county in central Taiwan between 1945 and 2010. The county seat was in Yuanlin Township before 1950 and Fongyuan City after 1950.
History
Taichung County was established on 26 November 1945 on the territory of Taichū Prefecture () shortly after the end of World War II. In the early years, Taichung County consists of most territory of Taichū Prefecture except the territory near cities of Taichū (Taichung) and Shōka (Changhua). The county is subdivided into districts (), which is reformed from Japanese districts (). The districts are divided into townships.
On 16 August 1950, another division reform was implemented. The southern part of the county was separated and established Changhua County and Nantou County. The remaining Taichung County has territory equivalent to the Toyohara (Fengyüan), Tōsei (Tungshih), Taikō (Tachia), and Daiton (Tatun) in the Japanese era. In addition, districts in the remaining part of Taichung County was defunct. All townships were directly controlled by the County Government. On 25 December 2010, the county merged with Taichung City to form a larger single special municipality.
Administration
The subdivisions of the County remained mostly stable between 1950 and 2010. However, some changed has also been made.
1 Oct 1955, Neipu Township () was renamed Houli Township ()
7 Jun 1973, two northeast most villages in Hoping Township () was separated to form a new county-level division — Lishan Constructing Administrative Bureau ().
1 Mar 1973, Fengyuan () reformed from an urban township to a county-administered city for its population.
18 Feb 1982, Lishan Constructing Administrative Bureau dissolved, the two villages returned to Hoping Township.
1 Nov 1993, Tali () reformed from a rural township to a county-administered city for its population.
1 Aug 1996, Taiping () reformed from a rural township to a county-administered city for its population.
In 25 Dec 2010, The county was merged with Taichung City, all cities and townships became districts. On the eve of merging with Taichung City, the county consists of the following administrative divisions
Transportation
Freeway
Freeway 1 (Taiwan)
Freeway 3 (Taiwan)
Freeway 4 (Taiwan)
Railways
Taichung line
West Coast line (Taiwan)
High-speed rail
Taichung HSR station
Harbor
Port of Taichung
Airport
Taichung International Airport
Other
Education
Asia University
Providence University
Taichung Japanese School
Hospitals
Jen-Ai Hospital - Dali (大里仁愛醫院)
Taichung Tzu Chi General Hospital (台中慈濟醫院)
See also
Taichung
References
External links
Taichung County Government Official Website
Taichung
Former counties of Taiwan
1945 establishments in Taiwan
2010 disestablishments in Taiwan
Acrapex atriceps is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae first described by George Hampson in 1910. It is found in India.
The wingspan is about 26 mm.
Description
Head and tegulae black; thorax ochreous tinged with rufous, with a black dorsal stripe; pectus and legs dark brown, the hind tibiae and tarsi ochreous above; abdomen ochreous. Forewing pale ochreous slightly tinged with rufous, the veins defined by brown streaks except on inner area beyond the oblique subapical fascia, the costal edge black brown; a diffused brown mark at lower angle of cell with white points in and beyond the angle defined by some black scales; an oblique brown fascia from termen below apex to vein 3 where it is diffused inwards to lower angle of cell; a terminal series of black striae; cilia with black line at middle and mixed with black at tips. Hindwing ochreous white slightly tinged with red brown; cilia ochreous white with a faint brown line at middle; the underside whitish slightly irrorated (sprinkled) with brown, the costal area suffused with brown.
References
Xyleninae
Moths of Asia
Bovichtidae, the temperate icefishes or thornfishes, is a family of marine ray-finned fishes, classified in the suborder Notothenioidei of the order Perciformes. They are native to coastal waters off Australia, New Zealand, and South America.
Systematics
Bovichtidae was first formally described as a family in 1861 by the American ichthyologist Theodore Nicholas Gill. The family name was spelled Bovichthyidae in the 4th edition of J. S. Nelson's Fishes of the World but has been reverted to Bovichtidae in the 5th edition. Phylogenetic analysis of morphological characters has revealed that the family Bovichtidae may not be a monophyletic group. Bovichtidae is one of two families of the suborder Notothenioidei with a primarily non-Antarctic distribution, the other being Pseudaphritidae. The name of the family is taken from its type genus, Bovichtus which is derived from bovus meaning “bull” and ichthys which means fish, based on the local name for Bovichtus species in Valparaiso, Chile, torrito, the “little bull”.
The Bovichtidae is the sister family to the Pseudaphritidae which in turn is sister to the Eleginopidae and these are all sister to the rest of the families in the Notothenoidei which have been placed in the suggested superfamily Cryonotothenioidea. The Bovichtidae are regarded as the most basal family in the suborder.
Genera
Currently, three genera are included in this family, with the catadromous genus Pseudaphritis (Castelnau, 1872) now being placed in its own family, Pseudaphritidae.
Bovichtus Valenciennes, 1832
Cottoperca Steindachner, 1875
Halaphritis Last, Balushkin & Hutchins, 2002
Characteristics
Bovichtidae icefishes are characterised by a protrusible a not very elongated or pronounced snout. The gill membranes not connected to the isthmus and they project quite far forward. There is a single lateral line. They have a long, compressed body with two dorsal fins, the front dorsal fin being spiny. There are no spines in the anal fin. There is a spine on the operculum which may be weak and flattened or robust, long and pointed. There is a single nostril on the snout. There are small conical teeth on the jaws, vomer and palatine. There is no swim bladder.
Distribution and habitat
Bovichtidae species are found in the southern hemisphere where they occur in marine waters off southern South America, southern Australia and New Zealand.
References
Taxa named by Theodore Gill
Nicholas "Nicky" Orr (born 23 February 1947) is an Irish retired hurler whose league and championship career with the Kilkenny senior team spanned nine seasons from 1969 to 1976.
Born near Johnstown, County Kilkenny, Orr first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Johnstown national school. He began his club hurling career with the St. Finbarr's team, before later joining the Fenians club when it was formed in 1968. Orr won a county junior championship medal that year, which guaranteed promotion to the senior ranks the following year. An All-Ireland runner-up in 1975, he also won one Leinster medal and five county senior championship medals.
Orr made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty when he was selected for the Kilkenny intermediate team. A Leinster medal winner in this grade, he later joined the under-21 team, ending his tenure in this grade as an All-Ireland runner-up in 1968. Orr made his senior debut during the 1969-70 league. Over the course of the next nine seasons, he won three All-Ireland medals, beginning with a lone triumph in 1972 followed by back-to-back championships in 1974 and 1975. The All-Ireland-winning captain of 1974, Orr also won five Leinster medals and one National Hurling League medal. A broken kneecap in 1976 brought his inter-county career to an end.
Selected as a substitute on the Leinster inter-provincial team in 1975, Orr won his only Railway Cup medal that year.
Career statistics
Honours
Fenians
Leinster Senior Club Hurling Championship (1): 1974
Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship (5): 1970, 1972, 1973, 1974, 1977
Kilkenny Junior Hurling Championship (1): 1969
Kilkenny Junior Football Championship (1): 1971
Kilkenny
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship (3): 1972, 1974 (c), 1975
Leinster Senior Hurling Championship (5): 1971, 1972, 1973, 1974 (c), 1975
National Hurling League (1): 1975-76
Leinster Intermediate Hurling Championship (1): 1967
Leinster
Railway Cup (1): 1975
References
1947 births
Living people
Fenians hurlers
Kilkenny inter-county hurlers
Leinster inter-provincial hurlers
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winners
Johanna Buska (14 April 1847 or 1848 – 16 May 1922) was a German actress and opera singer.
Life
Buska was born in Königsberg. After engagements at the Burgtheater and an affair with Rudolf, Crown Prince of Austria she married the Hungarian nobleman Miklós Kázmér (Nikolaus Casimir) Török de Szendrő on 20 May 1880. During the four-year marriage a child was born, who possibly was from Rudolf. After Török's death the actress married the Prague theatre director and singer Angelo Neumann. She returned to the stage again and played among others Ibsen's Nora in Prague in 1888; at the beginning of the twentieth century she appeared in 's comedy Im bunten Rock.
Buska's first marriage inspired Theodor Fontane to write his novel Count Petöfy. In the Klassik Stiftung Weimar and art collections a letter from Buska to Julius Rodenberg is kept; in the Österreichische Nationalbibliothek there are several autographs of the actress, especially from the collection of Otto Frankfurter. In the Alfred Reucker-Archive of the Akademie der Künste are also autographs and photos by Buska from the time of Angelo Neumann's death in December 1910.
Buska died in Dresden.
Further reading
Constantin von Wurzbach: Török von Szendrö in Biographisches Lexikon des Kaiserthums Oesterreich
Ludwig Eisenberg: Grosses biographisches Lexikon der deutschen Bühne im XIX. Jahrhundert. List, Leipzig 1903, .
Egon Erwin Kisch: Marktplatz der Sensationen. Aufbau-Taschenbuch-Verlag, Berlin 1997, .
References
German stage actresses
Date of birth missing
1922 deaths
Actors from Königsberg
19th-century German actresses
19th-century German women opera singers
20th-century German actresses
Musicians from Königsberg
Professor Dame Linda Partridge (born 18 March 1950) is a British geneticist, who studies the biology and genetics of ageing (biogerontology) and age-related diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease. Partridge is currently Weldon Professor of Biometry at the Institute of Healthy Ageing, Research Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, University College London, and Founding Director of the Max Planck Institute for the Biology of Ageing in Cologne, Germany.
Education
Partridge was educated at the Convent of the Sacred Heart School in Tunbridge Wells and the University of Oxford from which she was awarded Master of Arts and Doctor of Philosophy degrees.
Career
After completing her DPhil at the University of Oxford, Partridge became a NERC post-doctoral fellow at the University of York, and in 1976 moved to the University of Edinburgh where she became Professor of Evolutionary Biology. In 1994 she moved to University College London (UCL) as Weldon Professor of Biometry, and was the Director of the Institute of Healthy Ageing between 2007 and 2019. In 2008 Partridge became a Director in the Max Planck Society and the Founding Director of the Max Planck Institute for Biology of Ageing in Cologne, Germany.
Awards
Partridge was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1996 and appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 2003. Her husband, Michael J. Morgan was also elected FRS in 2005. She was elected to the Academy of Medical Sciences in 2004, and awarded the Linnean Society of London's prestigious Darwin-Wallace Medal in 2008. In 2009, she was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE), and received the Croonian Lectureship from the Royal Society.
In March 2009, the UKRC announced Dame Linda as one of six Women of Outstanding Achievement in Science, Engineering and Technology.
She was awarded Foreign Honorary Membership of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2010.
She has been awarded Honorary Degrees (DSc) from the University of St Andrews (2004), the University of Oxford (2011), the University of Bath (2011), the University of Brighton (2012), the University of Kent (2017), the University of Edinburgh (2017), Imperial College London (2019), and the University of East Anglia (2019).
References
External links
Living people
Biogerontologists
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
British geneticists
1950 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Alumni of St Anne's College, Oxford
Alumni of Wolfson College, Oxford
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Academics of University College London
People from Royal Tunbridge Wells
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Fellows of the Royal Society
Women medical researchers
Women geneticists
Madavana Bhaskarannair Padmakumar is an Indian actor, television personality and filmmaker from Kerala.
Career
As an actor, he performed in a number of movies starting with Ashwaroodan (2006) and more than 15 television serials in Malayalam. His directorial debut was the 2014 film My Life Partner, which investigated the close relationship between two men and caused some controversy, followed by 2015's Roopantharam, 2017's Telescope,
The release date of My Life Partner was delayed by a month because of its content, Kerala lacking "a socio-cultural space for LGBTs"; theater owners kept saying there were no screens available; in the end it was shown only in four small theaters and received a poor showing. To Padmakumar's surprise, it finished second best in the 45th Kerala State Film Awards, and also won for Best Lead Actor. Best Sound Mix, Best Background Score
Filmography
Director, producer, actor, writer and editor
Television
References
Living people
Male actors from Kerala
Indian male film actors
Malayalam film directors
Indian male television actors
Male actors in Malayalam cinema
Malayalam film editors
Malayalam screenwriters
21st-century Indian male actors
People from Thiruvalla
Screenwriters from Kerala
Film editors from Kerala
Year of birth missing (living people)
Write It in Stone is the debut album of American country music artist Keith Harling. Released in 1998 on the MCA Nashville label, it produced four singles: "Papa Bear", "Coming Back for You", the title track, and "There Goes the Neighborhood", all of which charted on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, although only "Papa Bear" and "Coming Back for You" reached Top 40. The track "I Never Go Around Mirrors" is a cover of a hit single by Lefty Frizzell which has also been recorded by Keith Whitley.
Track listing
"Papa Bear" (Keith Harling) – 4:03
"Write It in Stone" (Harling) – 3:11
"I Love What I See" (Mark D. Sanders, Ed Hill) – 3:31
"Right in the Middle" (Harling, Melba Montgomery) – 2:36
"I Never Go Around Mirrors" (Lefty Frizzell, Sanger D. Shafer) – 3:50
"Coming Back for You" (John Rich, Chris Waters, Tom Shapiro) – 3:28
"There Goes the Neighborhood" (Harling) – 3:10
"Afterthoughts" (Sharon Vaughn, Bill Anderson) – 3:04
"Walkin' Away" (Harling) – 3:32
"Three Words Away" (Harling) – 3:56
Personnel
Mark Casstevens – acoustic guitar
Paul Franklin – pedal steel guitar, Dobro
Kenny Greenberg – electric guitar
Jackie Harling – background vocals
Keith Harling – lead vocals
John Hughey – pedal steel guitar
John Barlow Jarvis – piano
Jerry Kimbrough – acoustic guitar
Liana Manis – background vocals
Brent Mason – electric guitar
Michael Rhodes – bass guitar
John Wesley Ryles – background vocals
Joe Spivey – fiddle, mandolin
Billy Joe Walker, Jr. – acoustic guitar
Lonnie Wilson – drums, percussion
Curtis Young — background vocals
Chart performance
References
[ Write It in Stone] at Allmusic
1998 debut albums
Keith Harling albums
MCA Records albums
Albums produced by Wally Wilson
Zizula, commonly called grass blues, is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
There are two species:
Zizula cyna (Edwards, 1881) – tiny blue, cyna blue
= Lycaena tulliola Godman & Salvin, 1887
= Lycaena mela Strecker, 1900
Zizula hylax (Fabricius, 1775) – little grass blue
=Zizula gaika, originally Lycaena gaika (Trimen, 1862) – South Africa
=Lycaena mylica Guenée, 1863 - Réunion
=Lycaena cleodora Walker, 1870 - Egypt
=Lycaena perparva Saalmüller, 1884 - Madagascar
Subspecies
Zizula hylax attenuata (Lucas, 1890) - Australia
Zizula hylax dampierensis (Rothschild, 1915) - Dampier Is.
Zizula hylax hylax (Fabricius, 1775) - India, Tranquebar
Zizula hylax pygmea (Snellen, 1876) - Java – pygmy grass blue
Notes
In 1967, ICZN published a ruling on the type species of Pithecops Horsfield, [1818] in favour of a proposal by Cowan, 1965. This effectively recognised the syntype of Papilio hylax Fabr. found in Copenhagen, and validated Zizula hylax as the correct name for the taxon also known as Lycaena gaika Trimen. Savela, in Funet, and Williams in Afrotropical butterflies, as well as earlier south-east Asian references use Fabricius' name hylax as the designation of the taxon. Zizula gaika is reduced to a synonym of hylax by Cowan's proposal and the CZN opinion. Horsfield's use [1928] of the combination Pithecops hylax is shown by Cowan to be a misidentification.
Lepindex includes a card for Zizula escalantiana Descimon et al., 1973, which appears erroneous. The taxon escalantiana was described in 1973 by Stoffel & Mast, and is a Nymphalid butterfly in the tribe Preponini. See Lamas, 2004. The Lepindex card includes confirmatory information that escalantiana was described in Prepona Boisduval, 1836, and originates from Mexico. According to Lamas, escalantiana is a subjective synonym of Prepona deiphile (Godart, [1824]).
References
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Job Mann (March 31, 1795 – October 8, 1873) was a Jacksonian and Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Job Mann was born in Bethel Township, Pennsylvania. He attended the common schools and the Bedford Academy. He served as clerk to the board of county commissioners in 1816. He was register, recorder, and clerk of Bedford County, Pennsylvania, from 1818 to 1835.
Mann was elected as a Jacksonian to the Twenty-fourth Congress. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1836 to the Twenty-fifth Congress. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1839 and commenced practice in Bedford, Pennsylvania. He served as State treasurer of Pennsylvania from 1842 to 1848, and was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Mann was again elected as a Democrat to the Thirtieth and Thirty-first Congresses. He was not a candidate for renomination in 1850. He resumed the practice of law and died in Bedford in 1873. Interment in Bedford Cemetery.
The town of Manns Choice, PA was named after him by default. In 1848, Congressman Mann pressured to have a post office at an unnamed village in Harrison Township. The Post Office Department approved the new post office, but as the village had no name Congressman Mann was to give it one. Before he did so, postal maps were made with the temporary designation "Mann's Choice" written on it. The name was never changed, and became the permanent and official one.
Sources
The Political Graveyard
1795 births
1873 deaths
County clerks in Pennsylvania
People from Fulton County, Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania state senators
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Pennsylvania lawyers
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
19th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
This is an incomplete list of castles in Japan, and focuses on those with some historical notability. Five of Japan's castles (Hikone, Himeji, Inuyama, Matsue and Matsumoto) are National Treasures.
A
Agena Castle, Uruma, Okinawa
Aizuwakamatsu Castle (Tsuruga Castle), Aizuwakamatsu, Fukushima
Akashi Castle, Akashi, Hyōgo
Akō Castle, Akō, Hyōgo
Amagasaki Castle, Amagasaki, Hyōgo
Aoba Castle, Sendai, Miyagi
Aya Castle, Aya, Miyazaki
Azuchi Castle, Azuchi, Shiga (see Azuchi-Momoyama period)
B
Beru Castle, Amami, Kagoshima
Bitchu Matsuyama Castle, Takahashi, Okayama
C
Chibana Castle, Okinawa, Okinawa
Chihaya Castle, Chihayaakasaka, Osaka
Chinen Castle, Chinen, Okinawa
E
Echizen-Fuchū Castle, Echizen, Fukui
Echizen Ōno Castle, Ōno, Fukui
Edo Castle (Imperial Palace), Tokyo (Tōkyo)
F
Fukuchiyama Castle, Fukuchiyama, Kyoto
Fukui Castle, Fukui, Fukui
Fukui Castle, Ibaraki, Osaka
Fukuoka Castle, Fukuoka, Fukuoka
Fukushima Castle, Fukushima, Fukushima
Fukushima Castle, Kiso, Nagano
Fukuyama Castle (Hisamatsu Castle), Fukuyama, Hiroshima
Funai Castle, Ōita, Ōita
Fushimi Castle (Momoyama Castle), Kyoto (see Azuchi-Momoyama period)
G
Gassantoda Castle, Yasugi, Shimane
Gifu Castle (Inabayama Castle), Gifu, Gifu
Goeku Castle, Okinawa, Okinawa
Gujō Hachiman Castle, Gujō, Gifu
Gushikawa Castle (Itoman), Itoman, Okinawa
Gushikawa Castle (Kume), Kumejima, Okinawa
H
Hachigata Castle, Yorii, Saitama
Hachinohe Castle, Hachinohe, Aomori
Hachiōji Castle, Hachiōji, Tokyo
Hadano Castle, Hadano, Kanagawa
Hagi Castle, Hagi, Yamaguchi
Hakumai Castle, Matsuzaka, Mie
Hamamatsu Castle, Hamamatsu, Shizuoka
Hara Castle, Minamishimabara, Nagasaki
Hataya Castle, Yamanobe, Yamagata
Hayashi Castle, Matsumoto, Nagano
Hiji Castle (ruins), Hiji, Ōita
Hikone Castle, Hikone, Shiga
Himeji Castle, Himeji, Hyōgo, World Heritage Site
Hinoe Castle, Minamishimabara, Nagasaki
Hirado Castle, Hirado, Nagasaki
Hirosaki Castle, Hirosaki, Aomori
Hiroshima Castle, Hiroshima, Hiroshima
Hoshizaki Castle, Nagoya, Aichi
I
Ichigoyama Castle, Yoshii, Gunma
Ichijōdani Castle, Fukui, Fukui
Iga Ueno Castle, Iga, Mie
Iha Castle, Uruma, Okinawa
Imabari Castle, Imabari, Ehime
Ina Castle, Kozakai, Aichi
Inohana Castle, Chiba, Chiba
Inuyama Castle, Inuyama, Aichi
Itami Castle, Itami, Hyōgo
Iwabitsu Castle, Higashiagatsuma, Gunma
Iwakuni Castle, Iwakuni, Yamaguchi
Iwamura Castle, Ena, Gifu
Iwasaki Castle, Nisshin, Aichi
Iwayadō Castle, Ōshū, Iwate
Izena Castle, Izena, Okinawa
Izushi Castle, Izushi, Hyōgo
K
Kagoshima Castle, Kagoshima, Kagoshima
Kakegawa Castle, Kakegawa, Shizuoka
Kakunodate Castle, Kakunodate, Akita
Kameyama Castle, Kameoka, Kyoto
Kameyama Castle, Kameyama, Mie
Kami-Akasaka Castle, Chihayaakasaka, Osaka
Kamiizumi Castle, Yamanashi Prefecture
Kaminokuni Castle, Kaminokuni, Hokkaido
Kaminoyama Castle, Kaminoyama, Yamagata
Kanayama Castle, Ōta, Gunma
Kanazawa Castle, Kanazawa, Ishikawa
Kannonji Castle, Azuchi, Shiga
Kanō Castle, Gifu, Gifu
Karakawa Castle, Goshogawara, Aomori
Karasawa Castle, Sano, Tochigi
Karatsu Castle, Karatsu, Saga
Kasugayama Castle, Jōetsu, Niigata
Katsuren Castle, Uruma, Okinawa
Kawagoe Castle, Kawagoe, Saitama
Kawate Castle, Gifu, Gifu
Ki castle, Sōja, Okayama
Kihara Castle, Inashiki District, Ibaraki
Kikko Castle, Kagoshima, Kagoshima
Kikuchi Castle, Kikuchi, Kumamoto
Kishiwada Castle, Kishiwada, Osaka
Kitanosho Castle, Fukui, Fukui
Kitsuki Castle, Kitsuki, Ōita
Kiyosu Castle, Kiyosu, Aichi
Kōchi Castle, Kōchi, Kōchi
Kōfu Castle, Kōfu, Yamanashi
Kokura Castle, Kitakyushu, Fukuoka
Komakiyama Castle, Komaki, Aichi
Komine Castle (Shirakawa Castle), Shirakawa, Fukushima
Komoro Castle, Komoro, Nagano
Kōriyama Castle, Yamatokōriyama, Nara
Kubota Castle, Akita, Akita
Kumamoto Castle, Kumamoto, Kumamoto
Kunimine Castle, Kanra, Gunma
Kuniyoshi Castle, Mihama, Fukui
Kurono Castle, Gifu, Gifu Prefecture
Kurume Castle, Kurume, Fukuoka
Kururi Castle, Kimitsu, Chiba
Kushima Castle, Ōmura, Nagasaki
Kuwabara Castle, Suwa, Nagano
Kuwana Castle, Kuwana, Mie
M
Marugame Castle, Marugame, Kagawa
Maruoka Castle, Maruoka, Fukui
Matsue Castle, Matsue, Shimane
Matsukura Castle, Takayama, Gifu
Matsumae Castle, Matsumae, Hokkaido
Matsumori Castle, Izumi, Miyagi
Matsumoto Castle, Matsumoto, Nagano
Matsushiro Castle, Nagano, Nagano
Matsuyama Castle, Matsuyama, Ehime
Matsuyama Castle, Takahashi, Okayama
Matsuzaka Castle, Matsusaka, Mie
Mihara Castle Mihara, Hiroshima
Minakuchi Castle, Kōka, Shiga
Minato Castle, Tsuchizaki, Akita, Akita
Minowa Castle, Takasaki, Gunma
Mito Castle, Mito, Ibaraki
Mitsumine Castle, Sabae, Fukui
Miyao Castle site, Miyajima, Hiroshima
Mizusawa Castle, Oshu, Iwate
Momoyama Castle, see Fushimi Castle
Morioka Castle (Kozukata Castle), Morioka, Iwate
Motegi Castle, Motegi, Tochigi
Muro Castle, Toyohashi, Aichi
N
Nagahama Castle, Nagahama, Shiga
Nagamori Castle, Gifu, Gifu Prefecture
Nagaoka Castle, Nagaoka, Niigata
Nagashino Castle, Shinshiro, Aichi
Nagayama Castle, Hita, Ōita
Nago Castle, Nago, Okinawa
Nagoya Castle, Nagoya, Aichi
Nagoya Castle, Karatsu, Saga
Nagurumi Castle, Minakami, Gunma
Nakagusuku Castle, Kitanakagusuku, Okinawa
Nakatsu Castle, Nakatsu, Ōita
Nakijin Castle, Nakijin, Okinawa
Nanao Castle, Nanao, Ishikawa
Nanzan Castle, Itoman, Okinawa
Ne Castle, Hachinohe, Aomori
Nedo Castle, Abiko, Chiba
Negoya Castle, Otaki, Chiba
Nihonmatsu Castle, Nihonmatsu, Fukushima
Nijō Castle, Kyoto, World Heritage Site
Nirayama Castle, Izunokuni, Shizuoka
Nirengi Castle, Toyohashi, Aichi
Nishikawa Castle, Toyohashi, Aichi
Noda Castle, Aichi Prefecture
O
Obama Castle, Obama, Fukui Prefecture
Obama Castle, Iwashiro, Fukushima Prefecture
Obi Castle, Nichinan, Miyazaki
Odani Castle, Kohoku, Shiga Prefecture
Odawara Castle, Odawara, Kanagawa
Ōgaki Castle, Ōgaki, Gifu
Ōgo Castle, Ōgo, Gunma
Ōtawara Castle, Ōtawara, Tochigi
Ōita Castle, Ōita, Ōita
Oka Castle (ja), Taketa, Ōita
Okayama Castle, Okayama, Okayama
Okazaki Castle, Okazaki, Aichi
Omi Hachiman Castle, Ōmihachiman, Shiga
Onomichi Castle, Onomichi, Hiroshima
Osaka Castle, Osaka
Oshi Castle, Gyōda, Saitama
Otaki Castle, Otaki, Chiba
Oyama Castle, Haibara District, Shizuoka
Ōzato Castle, Nanjō, Okinawa
Ōzu Castle, Ōzu, Ehime
S
Saga Castle, Saga, Saga
Sagiyama Castle, Gifu, Gifu Prefecture
Saiki Castle, Saiki, Ōita
Sakura Castle, Sakura, Chiba
Sakurabora Castle, Gero, Gifu
Sano Castle, Sano, Tochigi
Sarukake Castle, Akitakata, Hiroshima
Sarukake Castle, Kurashiki, Okayama
Sasayama Castle, Sasayama, Hyōgo
Satowara Castle, Miyazaki, Miyazaki
Sawayama Castle, Hikone, Shiga
Sekiyado Castle, Noda, Chiba
Senshu Castle, Senshu, Osaka
Shakujii castle, Nerima, Tokyo
Shibata Castle, Shibata, Niigata
Shichinohe Castle, Kamikita District, Aomori
Shikizan Castle
Shimabara Castle, Shimabara, Nagasaki
Shimo-Akasaka Castle, Senshu, Osaka
Shimotsui Castle, Kurashiki, Okayama
Shinpu Castle, Nirasaki, Yamanashi
Shirakawa Castle, Shirakawa, Fukushima
Shiroishi Castle, Shiroishi, Miyagi
Shizugatake Castle, Shizugatake, Omi
Shoryuji Castle, Nagaokakyō, Kyoto
Shuri Castle, Naha, Okinawa
Sumoto Castle, Sumoto, Hyōgo
Sunomata Castle, Ōgaki, Gifu
Sunpu Castle, Shizuoka, Shizuoka
T
Tahara Castle, Tahara, Aichi
Taka Castle, Matsuzaka, Mie
Takada Castle, Jōetsu, Niigata
Takamatsu Castle, Takamatsu, Kagawa
Takamori Castle, Usa, Ōita
Takaoka Castle, Takaoka, Toyama
Takasaki Castle, Takasaki, Gunma
Takashima Castle, Suwa, Nagano
Takatenjin Castle, Kakegawa, Shizuoka
Takatori Castle, Takatori, Nara
Takayama Castle, Takayama, Gifu
Takeda Castle, Asago, Hyōgo
Takenoya Castle, Gamagori, Aichi
Taki-no-jō Castle, Tokorozawa, Saitama
Tamagusuku Castle, Tamagusuku, Okinawa
Tamanawa Castle, Kamakura, Kanagawa
Tanaka Castle, Fujieda, Shizuoka
Tatebayashi Castle, Tatebayashi, Gunma
Tateyama Castle, Tateyama, Chiba
Tatsuno Castle, Tatsuno, Hyōgo
Tobiyama Castle, Utsunomiya, Tochigi
Tokushima Castle, Tokushima, Tokushima
Tomigusuku Castle, Tomigusuku, Okinawa
Tomioka Castle, Reihoku, Kumamoto
Tomo Castle, Fukuyama, Hiroshima
Tottori Castle, Tottori, Tottori
Toyama Castle, Toyama, Toyama
Toyoda Castle, Joso, Ibaraki
Tsu Castle, Tsu, Mie
Tsuchiura Castle, Tsuchiura, Ibaraki
Tsuruga Castle, Tsuruga, Fukui
Tsurumaru Castle, Kagoshima, Kagoshima
Tsutsujigasaki yakate, Kōfu, Yamanashi
Tsuwano Castle, Tsuwano, Shimane
Tsuyama Castle, Tsuyama, Okayama
U
Uchi Castle, Kagoshima, Kagoshima
Ueda Castle, Ueda, Nagano
Uegusuku Castle (Kume), Kumejima, Okinawa
Uegusuku Castle (Tomigusuku), Tomigusuku, Okinawa
Uehara Castle, Chino, Nagano
Ueno Castle, Iga, Mie
Urado Castle, Kōchi, Kōchi
Urasoe Castle, Urasoe, Okinawa
Usuki Castle, Usuki, Ōita
Uto Castle, Uto, Kumamoto
Utsunomiya Castle, Utsunomiya, Tochigi
Uwajima Castle, Uwajima, Ehime
Uzuki Castle, Matsuyama, Ehime
W
Wakayama Castle, Wakayama, Wakayama
Washi Castle, Oyama, Tochigi
Y
Yagami Castle, Sasayama, Hyōgo
Yamada Castle, Onna, Okinawa
Yamagata Castle, Yamagata, Yamagata
Yamanaka Castle, Mishima, Shizuoka
Yanagawa Castle, Yanagawa, Fukuoka
Yatsushiro Castle, Yatsushiro, Kumamoto
Yodo Castle, Kyoto
Yokote Castle, Yokote, Akita
Yonago Castle, Yonago, Tottori
Yonezawa Castle, Yonezawa, Yamagata
Yononushi Castle, Wadomari, Kagoshima
Yoshida Castle, Toyohashi, Aichi
Yuzuki Castle, Matsuyama, Ehime
Z
Zakimi Castle, Yomitan, Okinawa
Zeze Castle, Ōtsu, Shiga
See also
100 Fine Castles of Japan
List of castles
List of National Treasures of Japan (castles)
List of foreign-style castles in Japan
Chashi, fortifications built by Ainu people
Gusuku, World Heritage castles of the Ryūkyū Kingdom
Paul van Katwijk (December 7, 1885–December 11, 1974) was a Dutch-American pianist, conductor, composer, and music educator. He was an important figure in the classical music culture of Dallas, Texas, for much of the 20th century. He served as the music director of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra for eleven years.
Early life and musical training
Van Katwijk was born in Rotterdam in the Netherlands. He was a pupil of Carl Oberstadt (who was in turn a student of Robert and Clara Schumann) at the Royal College of Music in The Hague, Netherlands. He subsequently studied in Vienna and Berlin with the eminent pianist Leopold Godowsky.
Career
Following several years of teaching in Europe, during which van Katwijk had begun to develop a reputation as a fine teacher, he came to the United States in 1912. He was appointed to the piano faculty of Christian College in Columbia, Missouri, then to similar positions at the University of Chicago and at Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa.
In 1918 van Katwijk accepted the post of head of the piano department at Southern Methodist University in Dallas. He would remain on the SMU faculty until 1955. He served as dean of the school of music from 1919 until 1949, then as head of the piano department for the remaining six years of his tenure. He continued teaching piano privately for the remainder of his life. A great number of van Katwijk's students had successful professional musical careers as soloists and teachers.
Throughout his years in Dallas, van Katwijk remained highly active as a performing artist. In the late 1910s he recorded many piano rolls for the Imperial Player Roll Co. of Chicago. He performed as a soloist with orchestras including the Houston, Minneapolis, New Orleans, and Saint Louis Symphonies, and performed recitals throughout the United States, both as a soloist and in a piano duo with his wife, Viola Beck Van Katwijk. Paul van Katwijk was called "a most remarkable pianist" by the great Finnish composer Jean Sibelius.
Van Katwijk was also noted as a conductor. While teaching at Drake, he conducted the Des Moines Symphony, and during his years in Texas he was the music director of the Dallas Symphony from 1925 to 1936. He also conducted the Dallas Oratorio Society, the Dallas Civic Opera, and the Dallas Municipal Chorus.
Van Katwijk composed many works of which over a dozen were published. His "Hollandia Suite" was performed at the Hollywood Bowl and by the Wiesbaden Symphony Orchestra in Germany, and was also played for a national radio broadcast by the Groningen Symphony Orchestra in the Netherlands.
Van Katwijk was active in numerous professional societies and organizations, often serving in leadership positions. In 1962 he was honored as Teacher of the Year by the Texas Music Teachers Association.
Personal
Paul van Katwijk married pianist Viola Beck in 1922. Like her husband, Beck was a composer and a member of the piano faculty at Southern Methodist University. Paul and Viola van Katwijk toured extensively as a duo-piano team.
Paul van Katwijk died in Dallas in 1974 at the age of 89. The van Katwijks had no children.
Sources
"Dr. van Katwijk, Pianist, Dies." The Dallas Morning News, 12 December 1974.
"Professor and Mrs. Katwijk Return from Honeymoon." The Dallas Morning News, 25 July 1922.
1885 births
1974 deaths
20th-century classical composers
Katwijk, Paul
American classical pianists
Male classical pianists
American male pianists
Katwijk, Paul
Classical piano duos
American male classical composers
American classical composers
American male conductors (music)
Musicians from Dallas
Katwijk, Paul
American music educators
Katwijk, Paul
20th-century American composers
Educators from Texas
Classical musicians from Texas
20th-century American conductors (music)
20th-century classical pianists
20th-century American male musicians
20th-century American pianists
Nikolay Petrovich Anikin (; also transliterated as Nikolai or Nikolaj; 25 January 1932 – 14 November 2009) was a Soviet cross-country skier who competed during the late 1950s and early 1960s, training at Dynamo in Moscow. He was born in Ishim, Tyumen Oblast, Russia, USSR.
Medals
He earned three medals at the Winter Olympics with two medals in the 4x10 km relay (gold: 1956, bronze: 1960) and a bronze in the 30 km (1960). He also earned a silver medal in the 4x10 km relay at the 1958 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships.
Awards
He was awarded Order of the Badge of Honor (1957).
Coaching career
In 1963 Anikin started coaching for the Soviet national junior and senior teams with whom he spent 27 years ultimately becoming head coach. He moved to Salt Lake City, UT in 1990 to coach the U.S. National Team, then to Marquette, MI to work at an Olympic training program. He settled in Duluth MN in 1994 where he coached elite, masters and junior skiers for the remainder of his career.
Death
Anikin died from cancer at his home in Duluth, Minnesota, aged 77.
References
External links
1932 births
2009 deaths
People from Ishim, Tyumen Oblast
Olympic cross-country skiers of the Soviet Union
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Soviet male cross-country skiers
Dynamo sports society athletes
Cross-country skiers at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Deaths from cancer in Minnesota
Honoured Masters of Sport of the USSR
Merited Coaches of the Soviet Union
Russian State University of Physical Education, Sport, Youth and Tourism alumni
Sportspeople from Tyumen Oblast
The Waitahora Wind Farm was a proposed renewable energy project in New Zealand planned by Contact Energy but which has now been abandoned without construction beginning (see resource consent process below). This development was proposed to be located on the Puketoi Range which forms one side of the picturesque Waitahora Valley, near Dannevirke in Southern Hawke's Bay.
It was planned to have up to 65 wind turbines with a capacity of up to 177 MW. The proposed towers were to be 100m high, with a total height of 150m. The windfarm was opposed by a local residents group, representing a large proportion of local residents.
In 2013, Contact announced that the project would not proceed in the foreseeable future. Consents for the project lapsed in 2016.
Resource consent process
The windfarm required resource consent approval, a licensing process administered by local government. The consent application for this project was publicly notified on 30 September and submissions closed on 30 October 2008. The consent hearing was held in February 2009. Three independent landscape architects gave evidence at the hearing, and all agreed that the Puketoi range was an outstanding natural landscape.
The application for resource consents for this project was declined in 2009,. This is not unusual, as several renewable energy projects were declined resource consents (see Awhitu, Mokau hydro, Mount Cass, Te Waka).
Contact Energy appealed the decision to decline the consent application and presented a substantially revised proposal, especially with regards to the limestone geology and sediment control. One of the consenting authorities, Horizons Regional Council, stated that consents should not have been declined on the basis of discharge of contaminants to groundwater, and that the consents should be granted. The Environment Court upheld the appeal and granted consents for the revised wind farm in 2010. The lapse period granted for the consents was five years.
No construction began on this project and the consents lapsed in April 2016. There was no application made to extend them. No official statement has been released by Contact Energy but it is understood that the development of other more economic renewable energy projects (principally geothermal ) coupled with an uncertain outlook for future electricity demand growth made this project unattractive for investors. As of April 2016, this appears to be the first proposed wind farm in New Zealand to have allowed its construction consents to lapse. Other wind farms have had their consents extended, although the approval of consent extensions may not continue indefinitely.
Related issues
There are two other industrial scale wind farm developments planned for the Puketoi range and surrounding area, the 53 turbine (Mercury) Puketoi wind farm (south of Waitahora) and the 286 turbine (Genesis Energy) Castle Hill wind farm (south of Puketoi). Five power companies (including Contact Energy, developer of the proposed Waitahora Wind Farm) asked for the district plan to be modified to avoid hindering wind energy generation projects. TrustPower asked for the Puketoi ranges to be removed from the list of outstanding natural features, or for "skyline" to be more clearly defined. Contact Energy also asked for the Puketoi Ranges to be removed from the Council list of outstanding natural features until a district wide assessment of landscape features can be undertaken, despite their own landscape architect (as well as two others) already concluding that the Puketoi Range is indeed an outstanding natural feature (see references below). These changes would make it easier to get local government approval for large scale wind energy developments. The power companies involved have not publicised their attempts to change the district plan. Cross submissions on the proposed District Plan closed on 3 October 2008.
Transpower, the national grid owner-operator, has issues exporting electricity generated from the area, as there are no appropriate transmission lines to connect to in the area. Although the nearest lines are 20 km away at Dannevirke, they are low capacity 110 kV lines that are already constrained by generation from the Te Apiti Wind Farm connecting at Woodville. Even with the now completed reconductoring of the Woodville-Mangamaire-Masterton line, and the proposed reconductoring of the Woodville-Bunnythorpe line, only 110 MW of generation could be potentially attached to the existing lines. For the Waitahora wind farm to be connected the national grid, a new 220 kV transmission would have to be built from the wind farm to Bunnythorpe substation or the Bunnythorpe-Linton-Haywards-Wilton 220 kV line
See also
Wind power in New Zealand
Electricity sector in New Zealand
References
External links
Contact Energy - Waitahora Wind Farm information page
Tararua District Council
Proposed wind farms in New Zealand
Buildings and structures in the Hawke's Bay Region
Dannevirke
Aloe mayottensis (previously Lomatophyllum mayottensis) is a species of Aloe indigenous to the island of Mayotte and surrounding islands of the Comoros, in the Indian Ocean. Formerly more widespread, it is now rarely found outside of cultivation.
It is part of a group of aloes which bear fleshy berries, and were therefore classed as a separate group, Lomatophyllum. Within this group, it is a relatively distinctive and easily recognisable species.
Description
It branches from base and stem, with stems up to 50 cm long. Its leaves are a green with pale yellow brown margins and teeth. Its multi-branched inflorescence bears flowers in racemes, and its seeds develop in fleshy berries.
References
mayottensis
Flora of the Comoros
Biota of Mayotte
Endangered flora of Africa
Taxa named by Alwin Berger
Robert Paul Marie de Guise (5 June 1872 – 7 December 1940) was a colonial administrator in various colonies of the French Colonial Empire. While he was Governor of Guinea, he was described as a "negrophobe and a snob" who "hated being here." His diary from the time was full of passages that were equal parts "melancholy homesickness" and "racist ranting." During his brief tenure as governor of Guinea, he vetoed numerous proposals to improve infrastructure in the colony on the grounds that he thought it would be a waste of money and resources.
Titles Held
References
1872 births
1940 deaths
Governors of French Guinea
Governors of French Equatorial Africa
French Governors of Martinique
Governors of French India
People of French West Africa
The Liberia women's national football team represents Liberia in international women's football. It is governed by the Liberia Football Association. It has played in five FIFA recognized matches.
History
Background and development
Early development of the women's game at the time colonial powers brought football to the continent was limited as colonial powers in the region tended to take make concepts of patriarchy and women's participation in sport with them to local cultures that had similar concepts already embedded in them. The lack of later development of the national team on a wider international level symptomatic of all African teams is a result of several factors, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female specific human rights abuses. When quality female football players are developed, they tend to leave for greater opportunities abroad. Continent wide, funding is also an issue, with most development money coming from FIFA, not the national football association. Future, success for women's football in Africa is dependent on improved facilities and access by women to these facilities. Attempting to commercialize the game and make it commercially viable is not the solution, as demonstrated by the current existence of many youths and women's football camps held throughout the continent.
The national federation, Liberia Football Association, was founded in 1936. It became a FIFA affiliate in 1962. Women's football is represented on the committee by specific constitutional mandate. In 2009, the organization did not have any full-time staff members specifically dedicated to assisting women's football. Their kit includes red shirts, white shorts and red socks.
Football is the most popular women's participation sport in the country. A women's football program was first organized by the national federation in the country in 1988. In 2000, there were 264 registered female players in the country. In 2006, there were 277 players. In 2006, there were only two women's only teams available for women to play on while there were 43 teams for men to play on. By 2009, regional and national women's football competitions had been established, but no competition had been organized for UL or schools. Rights to broadcast the 2011 Women's World Cup in the country were bought by the African Union of Broadcasting.
Jamesetta Howard has served as the country's Minister of Youth and Sports. The national football association president was Izetta Sombo Wesley. The country's president was Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf. All were women and all supported the women's national team. In 2007, Izetta Wesley was named a member of the FIFA Women's Football Committee and that of FIFA Women's World Cup, with her term starting in 2008. She has also served as the Match Commissioner of CAF and FIFA, and Vice President of the West African Football Union (WAFU).
The team
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team, including Liberia who did not play in their first FIFA recognized match until February 2007 though the team played three non-recognized games in 2006. National team matches have been played at Antoinette Tubman Stadium.
On 18 February 2007 in a game in Monrovia, Liberia lost to Ethiopia women's national football team 0–3 after having been down 0–1 at the half. On 10 March in a game in Addis Abeba, Liberia lost to Ethiopia 0–2 after being down 0–1 at the half. In 2010, the country did not have a team competing in the African Women's Championships. The country did not have a team competing at the 2011 All Africa Games. On 13 February 2011 in a game in Monrovia, Liberia lost to Ghana by a score of 0–4. On 27 February in a game in Accra, Liberia lost to Ghana 0–7.
Liberia's international ranking improved in the late 2000s before falling in the early 2010s: in 2007, it was ranked 144; in 2008, 117; in 2009, 92; in 2010, 128; in 2011, 136; and in 2012, 130, while holding 35th place in Africa.
Team image
Other national teams
U17 team
In 2006, there was no FIFA recognized youth national team.
They participated in the African Women U-17 Championship 2008. In the preliminary round, they were supposed to play Benin but Benin withdrew from the competition. In the first round, they were supposed to play Nigeria but they withdrew from the competition.
U19/U20 team
In 2006, there was no FIFA recognized youth national team.
Between 2002–2010 in the FIFA Women U19/U20 World Cup, a U19 event up until 2006 when it became U20, the country participated in the qualifying tournament.
The country participated in the African Women U-20 Championship 2006. They were supposed to play Guinea in Round 1 but Guinea withdrew from the tournament. In Round 2, they played their first match in Algeria, where they won 3–2. Algeria withdrew from the tournament before playing in the return match in Liberia. They met Nigeria in the quarterfinals, tying 1–1 in one match, before losing 1–9 in the second.
Homeless World Cup team
In 2008, a national team represented the country at the Homeless World Cup. In the opening round robin round where they finished second, they beat Cameroon 16–1, beat Colombia 8–5, lost to Zambia 1–4, beat Paraguay 4–1, beat Uganda 7–2, beat Kyrgyzstan 7–3, and beat Australia 14–3. In the semi-final, they tied Colombia 1–1, and won 1–0 in penalty kicks. They lost to Zambia 1–7 in the final.
Amputee football team
A woman's team from the country competed at the 2011 Cup of African Nations for Amputee Football. In that year, they played Ghana in a friendly in Monrovia, Liberia in the lead up to the competition.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Their first draw was achieved in 2014.
2021
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Players
Current squad
The following players were named on 10 October 2021 for the 2022 Africa Women Cup of Nations qualification tournament.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 30 October 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Liberia squad in the past 12 months.
Records
*Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 6 August 2021.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Africa Women Cup of Nations
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
African Games
WAFU Women's Cup record
Honors
References
External links
FIFA profile
Liberia national football team
African women's national association football teams
Bonnyrigg Rose Athletic Football Club is a Scottish football club from the town of Bonnyrigg, Midlothian. Formed in 1881 and nicknamed the Rose, the team plays in , having been promoted after winning the Lowland Football League in 2021–22.
Their home ground is New Dundas Park, and they have traditionally played in red and white hoops. They have won the Scottish Junior Cup twice, in 1966 and in 1978, as well as finishing runners-up in 1972. Their 6–1 defeat of Whitburn in 1966 is a joint record margin of victory in a Scottish Junior Cup final. Bonnyrigg won the East Region Super League championship four times during their membership, making them the league's most successful side.
At a special general meeting held in March 2018, the club's members voted in favour of applying to join the senior East of Scotland Football League. Bonnyrigg were part of a larger movement of eastern junior clubs to the East of Scotland League that year. In 2019, they won promotion to the Lowland League and successfully applied for Scottish Football Association membership. In 2022, they won promotion to Scottish League Two, thus entering the Scottish Professional Football League for the first time.
Scottish Cup
Prior to becoming an SFA member in 2019, Bonnyrigg qualified to enter the senior Scottish Cup by winning the East Superleague on four occasions.
In their first campaign in 2009–10, Bonnyrigg lost in their opening tie to Highland League club Fraserburgh. Better results were achieved in 2012–13, losing to SFL Second Division side Brechin City in a third round replay after wins over Girvan and Stirling University.
The third Scottish Cup adventure in 2016–17 was their most fruitful. Rose easily saw off Glasgow University and then defeated Burntisland Shipyard 14–0, the biggest win in the competition since 1984. This was followed by wins over Highland sides Turriff United and Cove Rangers. In a big shock, Bonnyrigg then eliminated Dumbarton of the Scottish Championship after a replay to progress to the Fourth Round. They were drawn at home against the cup holders Hibernian, with the match moved to Tynecastle Stadium in Edinburgh to accommodate the expected number of spectators and the basic facilities at New Dundas Park. The result, an 8–1 defeat, was a disappointing end to the run for the team and the 5000 fans who had travelled from Midlothian to give their support.
The club qualified again for the Scottish Cup in 2018–19, having won the East Superleague for a record fourth time. Now playing in the senior pyramid, this campaign ultimately ended in disappointment, losing 2–1 to Deveronvale in the first round. 2018 also saw the club take part in the inaugural Shaun Woodburn Memorial Cup, established in memory of former player Woodburn, who had been killed on the previous Hogmanay.
In June 2019, the club announced it had been accepted as a member of the Scottish Football Association, which would allow them to automatically qualify for the Scottish Cup annually. In their first Scottish Cup as a licensed team, Bonnyrigg would once again go on an impressive run, defeating Highland League sides Fraserburgh and Buckie Thistle before dispatching Scottish League One side Montrose 2–1 at New Dundas Park, despite being a man down. In the Fourth round, Bonnyrigg would again valiantly fight against a League One team, but could not repeat their heroics and lost 0–1 late on to Clyde.
Entering in the Second round in 2020–21, Bonnyrigg would defeat fellow Lowland Leaguers Bo'ness United 5–2, with Lee Currie scoring a hat-trick of penalties within 10 minutes of each other. In the next round, the Rosey Posey would nearly have a cup upset for the ages, with another Currie penalty and a brilliant performance from keeper Mark Weir nearly knocking out Scottish Championship side Dundee before a late equaliser sent the game to extra time. Currie again put Bonnyrigg ahead from the spot, but two goals by Dundee in the second half of extra time ended the dream.
Lowland League
Rose were promoted to the Lowland League in 2019 after winning the East of Scotland Football League and gaining SFA membership. They took the place of relegated Whitehill Welfare, based only two miles from Bonnyrigg in the village of Rosewell, Midlothian. After finishing 2nd and 3rd in their first two seasons, both curtailed by the COVID-19 pandemic, the following season they went on to win the league title in 2021–22.
Ground
Bonnyrigg Rose play their home games at New Dundas Park, situated just off Dundas Street in the town centre.
Floodlights were installed in 2019.
Current squad
As of 31 August 2022
On loan
Coaching staff
Manager: Robbie Horn
Assistant Manager: David Burrell
Goalkeeping Coach: Alex Connon
First Team Coach: Darren Smith
Performance and Fitness Coach: David Hughes
Physio: Danielle McNaught
Managers
The team was managed from June 2015 by former Berwick Rangers player and assistant manager, Robbie Horn. Horn resigned in August 2017 to take over the vacant managerial position at Berwick. He later returned as manager in November 2018.
Season-by-season record
Senior
† Season curtailed due to COVID-19 pandemic.
Honours
Lowland League
Champions: 2021–22
East of Scotland League
Champions: 2018–19
Conference B Winners: 2018–19
Scottish Junior Cup
Winners: 1965–66, 1977–78
Runners-up: 1971–72
SJFA East Region Super League
Winners: 2008–09, 2011–12, 2015–16, 2017–18
Runners-Up: 2006–07, 2012–13, 2016–17
Other honours
Edinburgh & District League winners: 1937–38, 1963–64
East Region Division One winners: 1975–76, 1976–77, 1984–85
East of Scotland Junior Cup: 1897–98, 1962–63, 1985–86, 1986–87, 2002–03, 2005–06, 2012–13
Fife & Lothians Cup: 1981–82, 2004–05, 2006–07, 2017–18
Lanark & Lothians Cup: 1963–64, 1965–66
National Dryburgh Cup: 1985–86
East Region Division Two winners: 1983–84
East Junior League Cup: 1975–76, 1983–84, 1984–85, 1987–88, 2000–01
Brown Cup: 1933–34, 1963–64, 1973–74, 1977–78, 1985–86, 2004–05, 2005–06, 2006–07
St. Michaels Cup: 1965–66, 1970–71, 1974–75
RL Rae Cup: 1974–75
Peter Craigie Cup: 1992–93
Thornton Shield: 1955–56, 1956–57
Dalmeny Cup: 1922–23
Marshall Cup: 1913–14
Musselburgh Cup: 1909–10, 1924–25
Roseberry Charity Cup: 1937–38
Simpson Shield: 1905–06
Andy Kelly Memorial Cup: 2006
Notable former players
Per Bartram (F) (1978) Denmark international
Jim Begbie (D) (1968–1972) Represented Hong Kong League XI
Ally Brazil (D) (1992–1993) Scotland under-21 international
Sean Connery (early 1950s) future actor
Graham Harvey (F) (1998–1999) Represented Hong Kong League XI
Jim Hermiston (M) (1964–1965) Scotland under-23 international
Jimmy Mackay (M) (1961–1964) Represented Australia in the 1974 FIFA World Cup having scored the decisive goal in the final qualifier
Billy Neil (M) Made 186 Football League appearances for Millwall
Craig Paterson (D) (1977–1979) Scotland under-21 international and Scotland's most expensive player in 1982
Chris Robertson (F) (1990s) Scotland under-21 international
Pat Stanton (M) (1961–1963) 16 caps for Scotland
John White (M) (1955–1956) 22 caps for Scotland (3 goals)
Tommy White (F) Scotland under-23 international
References
External links
Official club site
Football clubs in Scotland
Scottish Junior Football Association clubs
Football in Midlothian
Association football clubs established in 1890
1890 establishments in Scotland
East of Scotland Football League teams
Lowland Football League teams
Bonnyrigg and Lasswade
Horstville is an unincorporated community in Yuba County, California. It is located northeast of Wheatland, at an elevation of 112 feet (34 m).
A post office operated at Horstville from 1898 to 1901. The name is in honor of E. Clemens Horst, local rancher.
Horstville is also home of Horst Fellner's Hannes Ranch, (in earlier times owned by Bing Crosby (one of his many ranches))
Notes
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Yuba County, California
The 2011 Indy Lights season was a season of open wheel motor racing. It was the 26th season of the series and the tenth sanctioned by IndyCar, acting as the primary support series for the IZOD IndyCar Series. It began March 27, 2011 in St. Petersburg and ended on October 16 at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway and featured thirteen events: six on ovals, one on a permanent road course, and six on temporary street courses. The series was won by American driver Josef Newgarden, driving for Sam Schmidt Motorsports. Newgarden won the title by 94 points over teammate and fellow rookie Esteban Guerrieri of Argentina.
The season featured the series' first non-IndyCar Series support race since the 2007 Liberty Challenge (at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway) when it was the main event at the Grand Prix de Trois-Rivières. It was Indy Lights' first event at Trois-Rivières since 1998. The series also race at the New Hampshire Motor Speedway for the first time since 1995 and the new Baltimore street circuit in support of the IndyCars.
Team and driver chart
All drivers will compete in Firestone Firehawk–shod, Dallara chassis.
Schedule
Race results
Race summaries
Round 1: Streets of St. Petersburg
Sunday March 27, 2011 – 10:30 a.m. EDT
Streets of St. Petersburg – St. Petersburg, Florida; Temporary street circuit,
Distance: 45 laps /
Race weather: , partly cloudy
Pole position winner: #7 Esteban Guerrieri, 1:07.6903 sec,
Most laps led: #11 Josef Newgarden, 34
Race Report:
Round 2: Barber Motorsports Park
Sunday April 10, 2011 – 12:15 p.m. CDT (1:15 p.m. EDT)
Barber Motorsports Park – Birmingham, Alabama; Permanent road course,
Distance: 40 laps /
Race weather: , partly cloudy
Pole position winner: #22 Víctor García, 1:17.2793 sec,
Most laps led: #22 Víctor García, 40
Race Report: Víctor García took the first victory of his open-wheel racing career after taking a flag-to-flag to victory despite pressure from Stefan Wilson for the majority of the race, seeing his lead twice dwindled by caution periods. Peter Dempsey took his second placing of third in as many races as he moved into second place in the championship standings. Championship leader Josef Newgarden held on to his championship lead despite having to make a pit-stop to replace a flat front tire, but recovered to finish in sixth position in the race. The race was punctuated by three caution periods, the first of which being on the first lap after Newgarden made contact with Esteban Guerrieri which sent Guerrieri into contact with teammate Victor Carbone, eliminating Guerrieri on the spot and Carbone in the pits. The other two periods were caused by drivers running off track; Gustavo Yacamán ran off-track on lap four, but managed to restart several laps down, but the other period caused by David Ostella, did not see Ostella restart.
Round 3: Long Beach 100
Sunday April 17, 2011 – 11:05 a.m. PDT (2:05 p.m. EDT)
Streets of Long Beach – Long Beach, California; Temporary street circuit,
Distance: 45 laps / ; reduced to 43 laps / due to 1-hour time limit
Race weather: , cloudy
Pole position winner: #7 Esteban Guerrieri, 1:13.6957 sec,
Most laps led: #11 Josef Newgarden, 31
Race Report: Conor Daly became the series' third different winner in the 2011 season, after taking advantage of a late-race mistake by team-mate and championship leader Josef Newgarden. After a waved off start to the race, Esteban Guerrieri in another Sam Schmidt car led the field from pole, but did not lead the race beyond that after being passed by Peter Dempsey at Turn 9. Dempsey held the lead until lap ten when he hit the wall at the same corner, knocking himself out of the race. Newgarden then picked up the lead from Guerrieri and Daly; Daly overhauling Guerrieri at the restart, and started to hunt down Newgarden. With a few minutes remaining, Newgarden's car hopped under the bumps, snatched a brake and ended up in the turn eight tire walls. Daly led the field under the caution to the timed ending of the race which curtailed the race two laps early. Guerrieri finished second ahead of Stefan Wilson, who finished third despite a trip down an escape road.
Round 4: Firestone Freedom 100
Friday May 27, 2011 – 12:30 p.m. EDT
Indianapolis Motor Speedway – Speedway, Indiana; Permanent racing facility,
Distance: 40 laps /
Race weather: , overcast
Pole position winner: #77 Bryan Clauson (qualifying cancelled; field set by owner points)
Most laps led: #11 Josef Newgarden, 30
Race Report:
Josef Newgarden took his second series victory, and with erstwhile championship leader Conor Daly not contesting the oval events of the championship, Newgarden assumed the championship lead. Newgarden's Sam Schmidt Motorsports teammate, Bryan Clauson dropped back from his début pole, with Newgarden and Víctor García each leading part of the first lap before Newgarden assumed it at the line. Stefan Wilson, Anders Krohn and Esteban Guerrieri also led the race at stages prior to Newgarden taking the lead for good on lap 15. Krohn had undone his work to advance to the front by spinning under caution – after Victor Carbone's crash – which put him to the rear of the field, but pitted for new tires, and eventually made his way back up the field. The second caution period was caused by Gustavo Yacamán spinning into the wall and was eventually collected by Juan Pablo Garcia and James Winslow. Yacamán was transferred to Methodist Hospital with neck pain.
After Peter Dempsey spun under the yellow, Duarte Ferreira brought out the third caution a lap after the restart, spinning in Turn 2 and collected the car of Brandon Wagner, ending the race for both drivers. After a waved off restart, again one lap was run before a caution period was necessitated; Clauson, Krohn and Krohn's Belardi teammate Jorge Goncalvez went three-wide into Turn 1, with Goncalvez clipping the rear-left tire of Clauson's car. Krohn spun in avoidance, as Goncalvez went into the barrier on the outside of Turn 1, before impacting the inside wall halfway down the straight between Turns 1 and 2. The impact broke the car into two pieces with the tub going onto its side along the track before hitting the retaining wall in Turn 2 and righted what was left of the car. Goncalvez was also transferred to Methodist, but was said to be alert and awake. The debris from the crash prevented the race from returning to green – resulting in an end tally of 22 of the race's 40 laps running under caution – and Newgarden took victory ahead of teammate Guerrieri, Víctor García, Wilson and Clauson, with only 10 of the 18 cars that started the race running at the flag.
Round 5: David Hobbs 100
Sunday June 19, 2011 – 1:00 p.m. CDT (2:00 p.m. EDT)
Milwaukee Mile – West Allis, Wisconsin; Permanent racing facility,
Distance: 100 laps /
Race weather: , overcast
Pole position winner: #7 Esteban Guerrieri, 49.0454 sec, (2-lap)
Most laps led: #7 Esteban Guerrieri, 100
Race Report:
Round 6: Sukup 100
Saturday June 25, 2011 – 5:40 p.m. CDT (6:40 p.m. EDT)
Iowa Speedway – Newton, Iowa; Permanent racing facility,
Distance: 115 laps /
Race weather: , overcast
Pole position winner: #7 Esteban Guerrieri, 40.0332 sec, (2-lap)
Most laps led: #11 Josef Newgarden, 90
Race Report:
Round 7: Toronto 100
Sunday July 10, 2011 – 12:15 p.m. EDT
Streets of Toronto – Toronto, Ontario; Temporary street circuit,
Distance: 50 laps / ; reduced to 49 laps / due to 1-hour time limit
Race weather: , cloudy
Pole position winner: #7 Esteban Guerrieri, 1:02.9865 sec,
Most laps led: #5 Stefan Wilson, 29
Race Report: Stefan Wilson took his first Indy Lights victory after capitalising on a mistake by pole-sitter Esteban Guerrieri, and led the race for its final 29 laps after Guerrieri had led the first 20. Wilson led home an Andretti Autosport 1–2 after his new team-mate Peter Dempsey finished second, after close battling with both Gustavo Yacamán and championship leader Josef Newgarden. Newgarden would later make contact with Dempsey's car, and had to pit, resulting in an eighth place finish. Yacamán ended up completing the podium ahead of Guerrieri and Anders Krohn. Four of the 13-car grid failed to reach the finish of the race, all due to contact.
Round 8: Edmonton Twin 100s
Saturday July 23, 2011 – 2:00 p.m. MDT (4:00 p.m. EDT) & Sunday July 24, 2011 – 10:20 a.m. MDT (12:20 p.m. EDT)
Edmonton City Centre Airport – Edmonton, Alberta; Temporary airport course,
Distance: 2 races of 40 laps / ; Race 1 reduced to 36 laps / due to 1-hour time limit
Race weather: , cloudy (Race 1); , cloudy (Race 2)
Pole position winner: #11 Josef Newgarden, 1:22.7721 sec, (Race 1, qualifying); 1:22.9337 sec, (Race 2, the fastest lap of Race 1)
Most laps led: #7 Esteban Guerrieri, 36 (Race 1); #11 Josef Newgarden, 27 (Race 2)
Race Report: Esteban Guerrieri took his second victory of the season, after leading every lap of the race to move closer to his team-mate and championship leader Josef Newgarden. Newgarden had started the race from pole position, but a move by Guerrieri at Turn 5 allowed him to take the lead just before the opening caution of the race, caused by series rookie Tyler Dueck running into the back of David Ostella, and the field concertinaed, with Daniel Morad, Daniel Herrington and Stefan Wilson also involved, with Dueck, Ostella and Morad all out on the spot. Third place went to another series rookie, with Oliver Webb finishing ahead of Wilson with Bruno Andrade just ahead of Gustavo Yacamán to complete the top five placing. The race's only other retirees came as a result of an incident between Victor Carbone and Peter Dempsey. Dempsey tried to take Carbone into Turn 1 on lap 28, with the two drivers interlocking wheels on the corner exit, sending both drivers into the wall. Carbone's car launched Dempsey's car upside-down, but Dempsey emerged without injury. Newgarden comfortably won race two after slight contact with Guerrieri, which left Guerrieri down the order. Wilson and Dempsey completed the podium.
Round 9: Grand Prix de Trois-Rivières
Sunday August 7, 2011 – 1:30 p.m. EDT
Circuit Trois-Rivières – Trois-Rivières, Quebec; Temporary street circuit,
Distance: 60 laps / ; reduced to 58 laps / due to rain
Race weather: , cloudy
Pole position winner: #7 Esteban Guerrieri, 57.4541 sec,
Most laps led: #7 Esteban Guerrieri, 58
Race Report:
Round 10: New Hampshire 100
Sunday August 14, 2011 – 1:15 p.m. EDT
New Hampshire Motor Speedway – Loudon, New Hampshire; Permanent racing facility,
Distance: 100 laps /
Race weather: , overcast
Pole position winner: #11 Josef Newgarden, 49.4908 sec, (2-lap)
Most laps led: #11 Josef Newgarden, 100
Race Report: Josef Newgarden became the first driver since Thiago Medeiros in 2004 to lap the entire field en route to winning an Indy Lights race, further extending his championship points lead.
Round 11: Streets of Baltimore
Sunday September 4, 2011 – 12:15 p.m. EDT
Streets of Baltimore – Baltimore, Maryland; Temporary street circuit,
Distance: 35 laps /
Race weather: , scattered clouds
Pole position winner: #77 Conor Daly, 1:27.8114 sec,
Most laps led: #77 Conor Daly, 22
Race Report:
Round 12: Drive Smart Buckle-Up Kentucky 100
Sunday October 2, 2011 – 12:30 p.m. EDT
Kentucky Speedway – Sparta, Kentucky; Permanent racing facility,
Distance: 67 laps /
Race weather: , partly cloudy
Pole position winner: #5 Stefan Wilson, 55.5988 sec, (2-lap)
Most laps led: #5 Stefan Wilson, 47
Race Report:
Round 13: Las Vegas 100
Sunday October 16, 2011 – 9:45 a.m. PDT (12:45 p.m. EDT)
Las Vegas Motor Speedway – Las Vegas, Nevada; Permanent racing facility,
Distance: 67 laps /
Race weather: , clear skies
Pole position winner: #3 Victor Carbone, 57.9685 sec, (2-lap)
Most laps led: #11 Josef Newgarden, 63
Race Report:
Driver standings
Ties in points broken by number of wins, or best finishes.
References
External links
Indy Lights Series website
Indy Lights seasons
Indy Lights
Indy Lights
Haukanes is a village in Austevoll municipality in Vestland county, Norway. The village is located on the northeastern coast of the island of Huftarøy, about southeast of the village of Storebø.
References
Villages in Vestland
Austevoll
The Sumerian disputation or Sumerian debate is a topical short story created in the middle-to-late 3rd millennium BC. Seven major debates are known, with specific titles.
The list of the majority of the known debates is as follows (from Kramer):
(alphabetical)
–Debate between bird and fish
–Debate between cattle and grain
–Debate between the millstone and the gulgul-stone
–Debate between the pickaxe and the plough (translation)
–Debate between silver and mighty copper (translation)
–Debate between Summer and Winter
–Debate between tree and the reed
Additionally, four compositions of the disputation type with the Sumerian school, and its graduates or teachers:
–The Disputation between Enkmansi and Girnishag
–The Colloquy between an ungula and a Scribe
–The Disputation between Enkitalu and Enkihegal
–Disputation between Two School Graduates
An additional text concerns women:
–Disputation between two unnamed ladies
References
Kramer, 1963. The Sumerians: Their History, Culture and Character, Samuel Noah Kramer, c 1963, The University of Chicago Press, Chapter 5, Literature: The Sumerian Belles-Lettres, pp. 165–228; Disputation literature, pp. 217–228.
External links
Dsiputations or Literary Debates, at Gateway to Babylon
Rhetoric
Sumerian language
Sarduiyeh (, also Romanized as Sārdū'īyeh and Sardueeyeh; also known as Balūchestānī) is a village in Hur Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 204, in 44 families.
References
Populated places in Faryab County
Counterproductive is anything that is more of an "obstacle" than a help in the achieving of a productive project or an objective.
Counterproductive norms: A situation that prevents a group, organization, or other collective entities from performing or accomplishing its originally stated function.
Counterproductive work behavior: Employee behavior that goes against the goals of an organization.
Edward Compton may refer to:
Edward Compton (actor) (1854–1918), English actor and theatre manager
Edward Theodore Compton (1849–1921), English-born German artist
Edward Harrison Compton (1881–1960), German painter
Edward Compton (cricketer) (1872–1940), English cricketer
See also
Edward Crompton, baseball player
Compton (surname)
Frank "Mike the Dago" Salvatore was an Italian-American bootblack and later New York politician who eventually succeeded Chuck Connors as a major figure in Tammany Hall.
Biography
During the 1900s, as Connors began retreating into seclusion due to poor health, Salvatore quickly took advantage by forming the Young Chuck Connors Association which began directly competing against Chuck Connors organization. Salvatore continued to gain political influence from Tammany Hall and, after announcing he and the Young Chuck Connors Association intended to hold a grand ball in opposition of Chuck Connors' annual gala, he eventually succeeded in forcing Connors to compromise in which his name would appear on the programme of the Young Chuck Connors Association as a patron in between then World Heavyweight Boxing Champion Jim Jefferies and retired heavyweight champion Jim Corbett. Connors went into semi-retirement soon after, Salvatore would gradually take over Connors' ward controlling it entirely by the time of Connors' death in 1913.
References
Asbury, Herbert. The Gangs of New York. New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 1928.
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Criminals from New York City
American people of Italian descent
Olafia is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
It contains only one species, Olafia roscius, which is found in Brazil and Argentina.
Subspecies
O. roscius roscius (Hopffer, 1874) (Brazil, Argentina)
O. roscius flavomaculata (Bell, 1937) (Brazil: Santa Catarina)
O. roscius iphimedia (Plötz, 1886) (Brazil)
Etymology
The genus is named in honour of entomologist Olaf H.H. Mielke.
References
External links
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera genus database
Pyrrhopygini
Hesperiidae of South America
Hesperiidae genera
William J. Leonard (April 27, 1927 – July 20, 2006) was an end for the University of Notre Dame's undefeated football team, which won 1947 the National Championship. Earlier, he had won recognition as an All-City football player at Youngstown, Ohio's East High School.
He was born in Youngstown, the son of Patrick and Anna (Welsh) Leonard. From 1942 to 1944, he played for the East High School football team, where he was first-team All-City in 1943 and 1944, was first-team All-County in 1944, and was second-team All-Ohio in 1944.
Sports career
In 1945, he played for the Notre Dame football team. His long reception set up the disputed score against Navy, which ended in a 6-6 tie at Cleveland Stadium. In 1946, he served in the U.S. Army for 18 months. The following year, Leonard played for the undefeated Notre Dame football team that won the National Championship under legendary coach Frank Leahy, whose players were known as "Leahy's lads". The 1947 team, which had two Heisman Trophy winners, Johnny Lujack and Leon Hart, was cited by Sports Illustrated as the best college football team of all time. The Fighting Irish, who never trailed in a single game that year, saw 41 of its players go on to play professional football, including Leonard. He played for two seasons with the Baltimore Colts, in 1949 and 1950, and spent a year in the Canadian Football League in 1951.
Later years
When his professional athletic career ended, Leonard returned to Youngstown, where he worked for 32 years in Research and Development for Commercial Intertech. In 1952, he married the former Helen Weber. The couple had five sons and six daughters. Leonard was an active member of St. Edward's Church, on the North Side of Youngstown. He was inducted into the East High School Hall of Fame in 1992 and was inducted into the Curbstone Coaches of Hall of Fame in 1997. His funeral mass was held at St. Edward's Church, on Monday, July 24, 2006.
References
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football players
Baltimore Colts (1947–1950) players
Players of American football from Youngstown, Ohio
2006 deaths
1927 births
This comparison of orbital launch systems lists the attributes of all individual rocket configurations designed to reach orbit. A first list contains rockets that are currently operational or in development; a second list includes all retired rockets. For the simple list of all conventional launcher families, see: Comparison of orbital launchers families. For the list of predominantly solid-fueled orbital launch systems, see: Comparison of solid-fueled orbital launch systems.
Spacecraft propulsion is any method used to accelerate spacecraft and artificial satellites. A conventional solid rocket or a conventional solid-fuel rocket is a rocket with a motor that uses solid propellants (fuel/oxidizer). Orbital launch systems are rockets and other systems capable of placing payloads into or beyond Earth orbit. All current spacecraft use conventional chemical rockets (bipropellant or solid-fuel) for launch, though some have used air-breathing engines on their first stage.
Current rockets
Orbits legend:
LEO, low Earth orbit
SSO or SSPO, near-polar Sun-synchronous orbit
polar, polar orbit
MEO, medium Earth orbit
GTO, geostationary transfer orbit
GEO, geostationary orbit (direct injection)
HEO, high Earth orbit
HCO, heliocentric orbit
TLI, trans-lunar injection
TMI, trans-Mars injection
Upcoming rockets
Retired rockets
Launch systems by country
The following chart shows the number of launch systems developed in each country, and broken down by operational status. Rocket variants are not distinguished; i.e., the Atlas V series is only counted once for all its configurations 401–431, 501–551, 552, and N22.
See also
Comparison of orbital launchers families
Comparison of orbital rocket engines
Comparison of space station cargo vehicles
List of space launch system designs
Reusable launch system
List of orbital launch systems
Lists of rockets
List of sounding rockets
List of upper stages
Non-rocket spacelaunch
Notes
References
Space lists
Technological comparisons
Osa is a canton in the Puntarenas province of Costa Rica. The head city is in Puerto Cortés district.
History
Osa was created on 29 July 1940 by decree 185. In pre-Columbian times was populated by Boruca which left legacies such as fields and stone walkways.
Geography
Osa has an area of km² and a mean elevation of metres.
The canton begins at the Barú River near Dominical on the central Pacific coast. It continues as a narrow strip of land southward to include the area around Palmar and Sierpe, finally widening to take in the entire neck and upper portion of the Osa Peninsula, where significant gold mining operations are located. As its name suggests, humpback whales and dolphins migrate into the waters to calve, mate, and to rest. Whale watching is available along the coasts. Isla del Caño is part of Osa canton.
Districts
The canton of Osa is subdivided into the following districts:
Puerto Cortés
Palmar
Sierpe
Bahía Ballena
Piedras Blancas
Bahía Drake
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Osa had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The canton is covered by the following road routes:
Conservation and tourism
In the canton there are conservation areas that are part of the Osa Conservation Area, such as Corcovado National Park, Ballena Marine National Park and Piedras Blancas National Park.
References
Cantons of Puntarenas Province
Populated places in Puntarenas Province
Jon Philip Theodore (born December 30, 1973) is an American drummer. He is best known as a former member of the Mars Volta and as the current drummer for Queens of the Stone Age. After contributing to Bright Eyes' 2020 album, Down in the Weeds, Where the World Once Was, Theodore joined the band in 2022 as their touring drummer.
Known for his explosive, multi-textural playing style, Theodore was a member of both Golden and Royal Trux before joining The Mars Volta in 2001. Theodore remained within the band for five years, recording the band's first three studio albums, De-Loused in the Comatorium (2003), Frances the Mute (2005) and Amputechture (2006), before departing at the request of guitarist and bandleader Omar Rodríguez-López.
Theodore subsequently formed a collaboration with Rage Against the Machine vocalist Zack de la Rocha, entitled One Day as a Lion, and performed on Incubus frontman Brandon Boyd's solo album, The Wild Trapeze (2010). In 2012, Theodore replaced his Mars Volta successor Thomas Pridgen in the supergroup Giraffe Tongue Orchestra, though by 2015 the lineup had reverted to Pridgen on drums.
In 2013, Theodore joined Queens of the Stone Age, replacing Joey Castillo, who left the band citing burnout from constant touring. Although Dave Grohl recorded the drums on Queens of the Stone Age's sixth studio album ...Like Clockwork (2013), Theodore accompanied them on the subsequent tour and has since become a full-time member.
Biography
Theodore first started playing drums at the age of 15. He was soon involved with his high school concert band at Gilman School in Baltimore, Maryland, and took lessons on a full kit shortly after. It was at this point that he studied percussion and learned how to map arrangements; dedicated practice had already become a habit. He also listened to a great variety of music, growing to love the likes of Billy Cobham, Elvin Jones and John Bonham. He studied at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music in Ohio.
Around the end of his time in high school, he joined the band Golden and recorded and toured with them for ten years. He also played with Royal Trux for a year and a half. It was during this time that he met Cedric Bixler Zavala and Omar Rodríguez-López, who were performing their first gig with their experimental dub band De Facto in El Paso, TX. They became friends and the former At the Drive-In duo would later invite Theodore to join their Latin-tinged prog-rock band, The Mars Volta. Theodore was The Mars Volta's drummer from 2001 to 2006. On July 30, 2006, it was announced that Jon Theodore would be permanently replaced. He was quoted in Modern Drummer: "It was long overdue and unquestionably the best thing for everyone involved. We had a great run of things, made some decent records, blew it up for a minute, and had some really great times. But the life ran out of it. I'm currently working on some pretty sweet tunes for a new project. The details will follow once it takes shape." In 2012, Mars Volta bassist Juan Alderete stated, "I love Jon, and I do keep in touch with him. Jon was unhappy and when someone is unhappy, someone has to pull the trigger; and its Omar's band so he did just that. [...] They had to let him go because he wasn't into it as much as they wanted him to be."
Theodore has also completed a collaboration with Zack de la Rocha of Rage Against the Machine entitled One Day as a Lion. Their first EP was released on July 22, 2008 In January 2012, he joined Giraffe Tongue Orchestra, replacing fellow former Mars Volta drummer Thomas Pridgen. He recently played as Dam Funk's touring drummer during his Fall 2012 US Tour.
A press release from the band Queens of the Stone Age revealed that Theodore would contribute drums on their upcoming album ...Like Clockwork. He played on the title track on the album, which was the first Queens album to reach number one on the Billboard 200. It also reached number two on the UK Albums Chart and was nominated for three Grammy Awards, including Best Rock Album. Following the release of the album in 2013, he became the permanent drummer of Queens of the Stone Age.
In 2018, Theodore performed drums on certain sections of the score for the video game Red Dead Redemption 2. His Queens of the Stone Age bandmates Josh Homme and Michael Shuman also are featured on the score.
Influences
Theodore draws inspiration from many different forms of music but those most prevalent in his playing are jazz, fusion, and rock. He has also touched upon another factor which adds to his individual style – "Then there's a whole bunch of stuff from Haiti because my dad's Haitian. My favorite Haitian drummer is this guy called Azor... ...The Haitian music that moves me has the drumming from the voodoo rituals. It moves me because the patterns are connected to different spirits; it's a spiritual thing that is interconnected with dancing, sacrifice and devotion. It's fully passionate. There is nothing contrived about it."
In interviews he regularly cites Billy Cobham of The Mahavishnu Orchestra as his main drumming influence: "My all-time favorite drummer is Billy Cobham. I love the way he plays... ...[his] playing is so natural, powerful and dynamic at the same time. I pattern a lot of stuff after him.". He has also been heavily inspired by John Bonham of Led Zeppelin: "He had one of the best feels in the history of rock... ...because [of him] I try and play with as much bombast as I possibly can."
Theodore has also mentioned the following drummers and musicians as influences: Elvin Jones, Neil Peart, Keith Moon, Phil Rudd, Tony Williams, Sebastian Thomson, Tim Soete, Herbie Hancock, Doug Scharin, Joseph "Zigaboo" Modeliste, Mitchell Feldstein, Damon Che, Dale Crover, John McEntire, Ryan Rapsys and Brann Dailor.
Equipment
Drums:
Queens of the Stone Age
DW Jazz Series in White Glass
14x10 or 13x9 tom
16x16 floor tom
18x16 floor tom
26x14 or 24x14 bass drum with rail and cymbal mount
14x5.5 DW Aluminum snare
Ludwig Vistalite in red
6.5×14 Supraphonic snare
9×13 tom
14×16 floor tom
16×18 floor tom
16×22 bass drum
The Mars Volta, One Day as a Lion, etc.
Ludwig Stainless Steel Kit
14x10 tom
16x16 floor tom
18x16 floor tom
24x14 bass drum
Jon has stated in interviews that he is still hoping to find a 26x14 stainless steel kick but also enjoys the punchier sound of his current bass.
Prior to the Stainless Steel kit he used:
Fibes Crystalite Acrylic Kit
14x10 tom
16x16 floor tom
18x16 floor tom
26x14 kick
Added to the kits were a DW Rail Mount and kick spurs.
He used a Ludwig LM402T chrome over aluminium snare drum with aftermarket die cast hoops.
Theodore has also used various "jellybean" kits made with toms, snares, and bass drums made from Ludwig, Yamaha, Slingerland, Gretsch, and Sonor, among others.
Cymbals:
Of recent times Jon has an endorsement contract with Zildjian cymbals. Like most artists his setup varies somewhat over time.
13" combo hats (e.g. K top over A New Beat bottom or A Quick Beat top over A New Beat top)
2x 19" medium thin crashes from any of the A Custom, Avedis or K lines:
For example, he has on occasion used two 19" A Custom Projections, on others a 19" K Med Thin Dark and a 19" Avedis Med Thin and on still others a 19" A Custom Projection and a 19" Avedis Med Thin. His Zildjian profile states he uses 2x 19" Avedis med Thin crashes.
21" Avedis Sweet Ride, sometimes with four sizzlers, 22" K Ride, 22" Avedis Medium Ride, or 23" Sweet Ride.
A "stack of totally busted stuff on a cymbal stand" was used in The Mars Volta. On the stand were two hi-hats cymbals with holes drilled through them, a splash cymbal with a cracked bell, a Zildjian ZXT Trashformer and various, smaller shredded cymbals with metal washers. Theodore switched to a 17" K China with QOTSA.
Hardware:
Prior to his endorsement with DW, Jon used Pearl Eliminator single kick pedal and applied surf wax for playing barefoot, along with various straight cymbal stands. Now Theodore uses DW 7000 series Hi-hat and straight cymbal stands with a 5000 pedal.
Heads:
Remo coated Ambassador on snare batter, CS dots on tom and bass drum batters, clear Ambassadors on bottoms of toms and on front of bass drum.
He has also used Powerstroke 3 bass batters (and, on occasion, as resonant heads, too) with a falam pad and coated Ambassadors.
Sticks: Jon is a Vic Firth endorser. He uses their American Classic Extreme 5B wood tip model.
Discography
With Golden
Golden
Super Golden Original Movement
Golden Summer
Apollo Stars
Rhythm & Beat Jazz 12"
With HiM
New Features (2001)
Five & Six In Dub (2000)
Our Point Of Departure (2000)
With Hikaru Utada
"Kremlin Dusk" (2004)
With Royal Trux
3-Song EP (1998)
Veterans of Disorder (1999)
With Will Oldham
Ease Down the Road
With Trans Am
Illegal Ass EP
[[Red Line (album)|The Red Line LP (2000)]]
With The Fucking Am
Gold (2004)
With The Mars Volta
Tremulant (2002)
De-Loused in the Comatorium (2003)
Live (2003)
Frances the Mute (2005)
Scabdates (2005)
Amputechture (2006)
With SaberTooth Tiger
Death Valley b/w Love Money (GSL 12th Anniversary Single)
Extinction Is Inevitable LP (2006)
With Omar Rodríguez-López
Se Dice Bisonte, No Búfalo (2007) – "La Tiranía de la Tradición"
Old Money (2008) – "Population Council's Wet Dream" & "Family War Funding (Love Those Rothschilds)"
Arañas en La Sombra (2016)
Some Need It Lonely (2016) – "Bitter Sunsets" & "Zophiel"
Gorilla Preacher Cartel (2017) – "Buying Friendships"
With One Day as a Lion
One Day as a Lion (EP, 2008)
With Holloys
Art Wars (2009)
Make It Happen (2009)
With Brandon Boyd
The Wild Trapeze (2010)
With Puscifer
Conditions of My Parole (2011)
Money Shot (2015)
With Queens of the Stone Age
...Like Clockwork (2013) – "...Like Clockwork"
iTunes Festival: London 2013 – EP (2013)
...Like Cologne – EP (2013)
Villains (2017)
With Life Coach
Alphawaves (2013)
With Mini Mansions
Leeds Festival (2019)
With Bright Eyes
Down in the Weeds, Where the World Once Was (2020)
With Kirk Hammett
Portals (2022)
References
External links
Golden's Page on Epitonic
The Holloys
The Mars Volta
[ Him in Allmusic]
Jon Theodore In Taringa
Zildjian Artist Biography
1973 births
Living people
Oberlin College alumni
Gilman School alumni
American musicians of Haitian descent
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Mars Volta members
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
21st-century American drummers
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
Musicians from Baltimore
Queens of the Stone Age members
One Day as a Lion members
Sean Phillips is a comic books artist.
Sean, Shawn or Shaun Phil(l)ips may also refer to:
Sean Phillips, voice over actor
Sean Phillips (cricketer) (born 1980), South African cricketer
Sean Phillips (visual effects artist), special effects artist
Others
Shawn Phillips, musician
Shaun Phillips, American football player
Manuel Gerolin (born 9 February 1961 in Mestre) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Honours
Roma
Coppa Italia: 1985–86, 1990–91
External links
Manuel Gerolin – Player profile
1961 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
Serie A players
Serie B players
Udinese Calcio players
A.S. Roma players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
HMS Glasgow is the first Type 26 frigate to be built for the United Kingdom's Royal Navy. The Type 26 class will partially replace the navy's thirteen Type 23 frigates, and will be a multi-mission warship designed to support anti-submarine warfare, air defence and general purpose operations.
Construction
The ship is being assembled on the River Clyde in Glasgow. The first steel was cut for Glasgow in July 2017 with the ship expected to be delivered in 2024 and operational in about 2026. In January 2018, work started on the second hull section.
In January 2020, the Royal Navy announced that the ship was more than halfway through construction. In July 2020, the Royal Navy announced that work on the final section of Glasgow has started.
On 18 April 2021, the fore section of the ship moved out from its building shed on the Clyde, and on 1 May 2021 was joined with its aft section for the first time. The MOD envisaged her entry into service as 2026 but this could be 'brought forward' by one year to 2025.
References
Type 26 frigates of the Royal Navy
The Benin City National Museum is a national museum in Benin City, Nigeria. located in the city centre on King's Square. The museum has a significant number of artifacts related to the Benin Empire such as terracotta, bronze figures and cast iron pieces. It also has ancient art related to the early times.
Location
The Benin City National Museum is located at the heart beat of the City. It is situated at a place called Ring road which used to be called King's Square by the people of Benin, but it was changed to Oba Ovonramwen Square by Comrade Adams Oshiomhole,during his tenure as a governor of the state.
References
Museums in Nigeria
Benin City
BIY is the code for the Bingley railway station in West Yorkshire, England.
Biy may also refer to:
biy, historically, an elected judge and administrator in Kazakhstan
biy, the ISO 639 code for the Birhor language, a Munda language of India
See also
BYI (disambiguation)
BII (disambiguation)
Bi (disambiguation)
Bié (disambiguation)
Buy (disambiguation)
By (disambiguation)
Dobrin Dimitrov Vekilov (born May 7, 1966) (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Добрин Димитров Векилов), best known by his stage name Doni (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Дони), is a Bulgarian pop singer, composer and actor.
Biography
Prior to turning to singing, Doni started his education as a pharmacist but his passion for music prevailed. He began studying music in 1988 and started his professional music career in the 1990s as a member of the bands "Atlas" and "Medikus". Doni subsequently formed one of the most successful musical duos in Bulgaria with Momchil Kolev or simply Momchil.
Vekilov has worked together in a musical capacity with and is married to Antoaneta Dobreva, better known by her stage name Neti, and they have a daughter.
In his career so far, Vekilov has made 500 songs, composing more than 250 of them, while the number of those for which he has been the text writer exceeds 300.
Doni is vegetarian as well as a tibetan buddhist .
He has from time to time been active in Bulgarian politics.
References
External links
Official website
1967 births
Living people
20th-century Bulgarian male singers
Bulgarian pop singers
Bulgarian composers
Musicians from Sofia
Roh Kyung-ho (; born 5 July 2000) is a South Korean footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Pohang Steelers.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
2000 births
Living people
South Korean footballers
Association football midfielders
K League 1 players
Pohang Steelers players
Dijk en Waard (West Frisian Dutch: Doik en Weard/Weerd or Dìk en Weard/Weerd) is a municipality in the province of North Holland and the region of West-Frisia, the Netherlands, formed from the merger of Heerhugowaard and Langedijk. The municipality came into existence on 1 January 2022.
Geography
As of 2022, the areas encompassed by the municipality have a population of approximately 87 thousand people. The municipality is bordered by Bergen to the west, Alkmaar to the south, Koggenland to the east, Opmeer to the northeast and Hollands Kroon and Schagen to the north. It consists of 16 main population centres, the largest of which is Heerhugowaard.
Politics
The first elections for the municipality were held on 24 November 2021. The election was won by Dijk&Waardse Independent Party (Dijk&Waardse Onafhankelijke Partij) who received 4431 votes (7 seats), followed by Lokaal Dijk en Waard with 3706 votes (6 seats), VVD with 3071 votes (5 seats), Senioren Dijk en Waard with 2625 votes (4 seats), D66 with 1884 votes (3 seats), GroenLinks with 1879 votes (3 seats), FvD with 1787 votes (3 seats), CDA with 1737 votes (2 seats), PvdA with 1705 votes (2 seats), ChristenUnie with 1170 votes (2 seats), while the Authentiek Dijk en Waard and Blanco (Planken, R.W.J.) failed to get a seat.
Peter Rehwinkel has been acting mayor since January 1, 2022.
References
Municipalities of North Holland
Municipalities of the Netherlands established in 2022
The following is a list of notable artists who play, compose, have played, or have composed albums or pieces of drone music or drone metal.
A
Oren Ambarchi
Ellen Arkbro
Kenneth Atchley
B
Aidan Baker
William Basinski
Bass Communion
Biosphere
Birchville Cat Motel
The Black Angels
Bohren & der Club of Gore
Boris
Bowery Electric
Bull of Heaven
Burning Witch
Terry Burrows
C
Celer (group)
Sheila Chandra
Tony Conrad
D
Sarah Davachi
Andrew Deutsch
Alio Die
Diesel Guitar
Kyle Bobby Dunn
E
Earth
Jean-Claude Éloy
Emeralds
Espers
Helena Espvall
F
Fuck Buttons
Fursaxa
The Futurians
G
Gescom
Mathias Grassow
Growing
Grouper
H
Hafler Trio
Keiji Haino
Hammock
Robert Hampson
Tom Heasley
Tim Hecker
Christoph Heemann
Catherine Christer Hennix
I
If Thousands
Tetsu Inoue
Rafael Anton Irisarri
J
Jane
Jesu
Jóhann Jóhannsson
K
Khanate
Khlyst
Thomas Köner
L
Labradford
Landing
Liars
Loscil
M
Machinefabriek
Maeror Tri
Main
Stephan Mathieu
Melvins
Mirror
Moss
Alexi Murdoch
N
Nadja
Natural Snow Buildings
Phill Niblock
R
Jim O'Rourke
O
Pauline Oliveros
Om
Oneohtrix Point Never
Ox
P
Charlemagne Palestine
R
Eliane Radigue
The Resonance Association
Trent Reznor
Robert Rich
Atticus Ross
Esa Ruoho
S
Stars of the Lid
Stars Over Foy
Sunn O)))
Syrinx
T
Tangerine Dream
Teeth of Lions Rule the Divine
The Telescopes
Theatre of Eternal Music
This Will Destroy You
Thrones
Troum
U
Mirko Uhlig
V
Vibracathedral Orchestra
W
Yoshi Wada
Michael Waller
Wapstan
Klaus Wiese
Steven Wilson
Windy & Carl
Y
Yellow Swans
La Monte Young
References
Works cited
Drone Music
Socaire is a village located southeast of the town of San Pedro de Atacama, in the San Pedro de Atacama province of Chile's northern Antofagasta Region. It offers views overlooking the Salar de Atacama.
The local economy is dominated by agriculture and non-metallic mining. Ancient agricultural terraces are part of the landscape of the area.
See also
Atacama Desert
Laguna Miscanti
Chiliques
Laguna Lejía
References
Sernatur - Socaire
Oases of Chile
Populated places in El Loa Province
Climbing areas of Chile
Hopewell High School is a secondary school located in Hopewell, Virginia. Built in 1968, it is the only High School in Hopewell, Virginia. From 1925 to 1968, the high school in Hopewell was located at the Hopewell High School Complex, also known as James E. Mallonee Middle School.
Sports
The Hopewell Blue Devils have won state titles in football and basketball. Their latest title came in 2019, in football, when the team beat Lord Botetourt high school 35–7, at Liberty University, to win the 3A state title. Hopewell also won the Division 3 state title in 2017 when the Blue Devils defeated Heritage 20-14 in Williamsburg, VA. In 2003, the team won the AAA Division 5 state championship in football. All together Hopewell has won six state championships in football (1949, 1950, 1951, 2003, 2017, and 2019). Hopewell has also had three state champions in wrestling: Cody Allala (145, 152, 160) Clint Allala (171) and their latest champion, Alize Branch (138, 145). The boys' basketball team, though a perennial contender and frequent final four entrant, won its only state championship in 1972 under the leadership of VHSL Hall of Fame Coach Bill Littlepage. Littlepage won over 755 games in his illustrious career. The girls basketball team reached the state final in both 2017 and 2018 but was unsuccessful in both years. In 2017-2018, Hopewell was one of a few select schools in the entire state of Virginia when its girls basketball team, boys basketball team, baseball team and football team all won Region titles. In 2021, the Hopewell Boys Basketball team, under the guidance of coach Elvin Edmonds, won Hopewell's 2nd state championship by defeating Abingdon.
Classes offered
Business and Information Technology
CTE Departments
English
Family and Consumer Science
Fine Arts
Foreign Language (Spanish and French)
Guidance
ISAEP/GED
Marketing Education
Math
Physical Education
Science
Social Studies
JROTC
Health and Wellness
Virtual Learning
Notable alumni
TreVeyon Henderson, American football player
Darrell Taylor, professional football player
Sam Bass, NASCAR artist
Monsanto Pope, professional football player
Dorothiea Hundley (aka Seka), adult film actress
Lamar Giles, American author
Some notable attendees, but not graduates, are:
Bass player Michael Bishop
References
External links
Official website
HHS Alumni Website
Public high schools in Virginia
Buildings and structures in Hopewell, Virginia
1915 establishments in Virginia
Hamilton County (county code HM) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 2,518. Its county seat and most populous city is Syracuse. The county was founded in 1873 and named for Alexander Hamilton.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 50
U.S. Highway 400
K-27
Adjacent counties
Greeley County (north)
Wichita County (northeast/Central Time border)
Kearny County (east/Central Time border)
Stanton County (south/Central Time border)
Prowers County, Colorado (west)
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 2,670 people, 1,054 households, and 715 families residing in the county. The population density was 3 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 1,211 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (0/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 81.65% White, 0.56% Asian, 0.49% Black or African American, 0.49% Native American, 15.13% from other races, and 1.69% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 20.60% of the population.
There were 1,054 households, out of which 33.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.90% were married couples living together, 7.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.10% were non-families. 29.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.09.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.40% under the age of 18, 7.20% from 18 to 24, 25.30% from 25 to 44, 20.90% from 45 to 64, and 18.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 97.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,033, and the median income for a family was $38,550. Males had a median income of $26,701 versus $21,000 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,484. About 10.90% of families and 15.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.50% of those under age 18 and 9.40% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Hamilton County is often carried by Republican Candidates. The last time a Democratic candidate has carried Hamilton County was in 1976 by Jimmy Carter. As like many counties that border it, Republicans have been increasing their influence in the county's presidential elections, when Donald J. Trump in 2016 won by a margin of approximately 70%, as Hillary Clinton only managed to get 13% of the county's vote.
Presidential elections
Laws
Although the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with the approval of voters, Hamilton County has remained a prohibition, or "dry", county.
Education
Unified school districts
Syracuse USD 494
Communities
Cities
Coolidge
Syracuse
Unincorporated community
Kendall
Townships
Hamilton County is divided into eight townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Gallery
See also
References
Further reading
External links
County
Hamilton County - Official
Hamilton County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Hamilton County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1873 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1873
Elbira Zipitria Irastorza (1906–1982) was an innovative Spanish-Basque educator who pioneered home schools as a means of reviving use of the Basque language at a time when it was prohibited. On returning to San Sebastián after the Spanish Civil War she taught young children in their own homes before creating the first ikastola or home Basque-language school in 1956. In the 1960s, 71 schools were created in the towns and cities of the Spanish Basque Country although they were still illegal. It was not until 1970 that official permission was granted for the opening of the Orixe Ikastola in San Sebastián. Zipitria was a member of various political and cultural organizations, including Emakume Abertzale Batza, Euskaltzaleak and Eusko Ikaskuntza.
Biography
Born in Zumaia on 28 May 1906, she was brought up in San Sebastián. When she was 16, she began a four-year course of teacher-training studies, graduating in 1926. Her first job was at San Sebastián's Koruko Andre Mariaren Ikastetxea school where she taught six-year-olds. In addition to teaching, she took an interest in political and cultural affairs, joining the women's branch of the Basque Nationalist Party where she became secretary in 1934, the Euskaltzaleak Basque Action Organization and Eusko Ikaskuntza, the Basque Studies Society.
During the Spanish Civil War she moved to the French Basque Country where she lived in Ascain, Ciboure, Sare and Saint-Jean-de-Luz, returning to San Sebastián in 1939. In 1943, as the only language permitted in Spanish schools was Castilian Spanish, she started to give lessons in Basque in private homes, creating a class of small children in her own home in 1946.
She went on to create more of these throughout the Basque provinces. The classrooms were set in the kitchen where the children were seated around the table like a family. The method proved so successful that it was later used to teach adults. Colleagues including Xabier Peña, María Ángeles Garai, Juliana Berrojalbiz and Tere Rotaetze participated in creating home schools and teaching in them. The demand was so great that the authorities were unable to stop the expansion. To save face, they arranged for most of the ikastola schools to be legally recognized as church schools. Between 1960 and 1970, 71 new schools were created, mainly in bilingual towns and cities. In 1970, the Orixe Ikastola School in San Sebastián was the first to be officially receive permission to open. Although they do not receive subsidies, today the ikastola schools are considered part of the public school system in the Spanish Basque Country.
Elbira Zipitria retired from the Orixe School in 1971 when she was 75. After suffering depressions for a number of years, apparently as a result of the problems she had experienced as a supporter of the Basque language, she died in San Sebastián on 26 December 1982.
References
1906 births
1982 deaths
People from Urola Kosta
Basque nationalists
Spanish educators
Spanish women educators
Basque women
Basque-language education
Mateuszowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Dubienka, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Princess Maria Carolina Christina of Bourbon-Parma, Marchioness of Sala (born 23 June 1974), is the fourth and youngest child of Princess Irene of the Netherlands and Carlos Hugo, Duke of Parma. She is a member of the House of Bourbon-Parma as well an extended member of the Dutch royal family. Per a 1996 royal decree issued by Queen Beatrix, she is entitled to the style and title Her Royal Highness Princess Maria Carolina de Bourbon de Parme in The Netherlands as a member of the extended royal family.
Early life
Princess Carolina was born at 23 June 1974 in Nijmegen. She has two older brothers, Prince Carlos, the head of the House of Bourbon-Parma, and Prince Jaime. She also has one older sister, Princess Margarita. She was baptised at the Castle of Lignières in France with Prince Claus of the Netherlands, Princess Christina of the Netherlands and Princess Marie des Neiges of Bourbon-Parma as her godparents.
In 1981, when she was six, her parents decided to divorce. She moved together with her mother and her brothers and sister to Soest, Netherlands, nearby the then residence of her grandparents the former Queen of the Netherlands Queen Juliana of the Netherlands and Prince Bernhard of Lippe-Biesterfeld. Later on they lived for a while in a villa at Wijk bij Duurstede.
Education and career
Princess Carolina studied political science at University of Amsterdam and Harvard University, and also has an M.Sc. in Forced Migration from the University of Oxford. She has had a career at the United Nations. For this organisation she was stationed at the UN headquarters in New York City, as well as problematic areas such as Eritrea, the Gaza Strip, and in Acheh (Indonesia) after the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami. She is currently employed at the United Nations in Geneva, in the Organisation for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA).
Marriage
On 9 January 2012, it was announced Carolina would marry Albert Alphons Ludgerus Brenninkmeijer, (born 16 May 1974), a member of the wealthy Brenninkmeijer family. The civil marriage took place on 21 April 2012 at Wijk bij Duurstede. The church wedding took place at the San Miniato al Monte on 16 June 2012 in Florence, Italy. The couple have two children, a daughter and a son:
Alaïa-Maria Irene Cécile Brenninkmeijer, born 20 May 2014 in Zurich, Switzerland. She had a double christening with her cousin Princess Zita Clara of Bourbon-Parma on 4 October 2014 at Noordwijk aan Zee in the Netherlands. Her godparents are Princess Margarita of Bourbon-Parma, Prince Constantijn of the Netherlands, Philippe Brenninkmeijer and Silvia Brenninkmeijer-Arboli.
Xavier Albert Alphons Brenninkmeijer, born 16 December 2015 in Zurich, Switzerland.
Other activities
The princess has been seen regularly at important events of the royal house of the Netherlands. In 2001 she was one of the maids of honor at the wedding of Prince Constantijn and Petra Laurentien Brinkhorst; and during the baptism of their daughter, Countess Eloise of Orange-Nassau, she was the godmother of the child. She was a witness at the church wedding of her cousin Prince Floris of Orange-Nassau, van Vollenhoven, and in 2010, was named as the godmother of Floris' second child, Eliane.
Titles, styles and honours
Already a ducal princess from birth, her father bestowed the substantive title Marchesa di Sala (Marchioness of Sala) upon her on 2 September 1996. In 1996 she was incorporated into the Dutch nobility by her aunt Queen Beatrix, with the highest title of nobility Prinses de Bourbon de Parme (Princess of Bourbon-Parma) and styled Hare Koninklijke Hoogheid (Her Royal Highness). She does not belong to the House of Orange-Nassau or the limited Dutch royal house, but as a granddaughter of Queen Juliana and first cousin of the present King Willem-Alexander, she is officially a member of the more extended Dutch royal family.
Honours
Ducal Family of Parma: Knight of the Parmese Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George
Ducal Family of Parma: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Saint Louis for Civil Merit
: Recipient of the King Willem-Alexander Investiture Medal
Ancestry
References
External links
Official website of the House of Bourbon-Parma
Second official website of the House of Bourbon-Parma
Biography of Her Royal Highness Princess Maria Carolina
1974 births
People from Nijmegen
Harvard University alumni
Princesses of Bourbon-Parma
Dutch princesses
Italian nobility
Spanish nobility
Living people
Alumni of the University of Oxford
University of Amsterdam alumni
Samuel Henry Dickson (September 20, 1798 - March 31, 1872) was an American poet, physician, writer and educator born in Charleston, South Carolina.
Dickson graduated from Yale and the University of Pennsylvania. He was one of the founders of the Medical College of South Carolina. He also taught at NYU and the Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Dickson was a popular published poet and a leader in Charleston intellectual circles. He was friends with Charleston poet William Gilmore Simms and William Cullen Bryant. He and his brother Dr. John Dickson played a significant role in the medical education of the US's first female doctor, Elizabeth Blackwell. He was also active in organizing the first railway in the U.S. by helping bring the locomotive "the Best Friend of Charleston" into service. Dickson was a frequent lecturer; his addresses included a Phi Beta Kappa Address at Yale in 1842. In recent years, he has received attention for his proslavery writings.
Dickson died in Philadelphia in 1872.
Selected works
Hygiene : an introductory lecture (1848)
On the progress of the Asiatic cholera during the year 1844-45-46-47-48 (1849)
References
Sources
Bain, R. et al. (1980) Southern Writers: A Biographical Dictionary LSU Press (Southern Writers on Google Books, p126)
Physicians from South Carolina
American male poets
American proslavery activists
Writers from Charleston, South Carolina
1798 births
1872 deaths
Yale University alumni
Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania alumni
Thomas Jefferson University faculty
New York University faculty
19th-century American poets
19th-century American male writers
Oliveto Lucano is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. Its mayor is Nicola Terranova. This town is most known for the "Maggio Festival", which is dedicated to St. Cyprian and takes place on the 10th, 11th and 12th of August.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Angus Stewart is an Australian horticulturist, gardening author and former television presenter on Gardening Australia.
Stewart was born in country New South Wales and graduated from Sydney University with a First Class Honors Degree in Agricultural Science and Environmental Horticulture and worked extensively in the nursery and cut flower industries ever since.
As a professional horticulturalist Stewart has spent a lifetime working with and breeding Australian native plants to make them more gardener friendly. In January 2016, among his many achievements as a plant breeder, he released his new Tall and Tough Landscape range of Kangaroo paws.
Stewart debuted on ABC Radio 702 as a regular guest on the John Doyle (aka Rampaging Roy Slaven) afternoon program. Dubbed “Doctor of the Dirt, Surgeon of the Soil, Professor of the Paddock”, Stewart continued on this program for five years before joining a range of other presenters and is now a regular guest on ABC and talk back radio throughout Australia.
As well as being a former presenter on ABC TV's Gardening Australia he also made guest appearances on various other TV programmes including Channel 7's Better Homes and Gardens.
In addition to his work in the media, Stewart is a highly respected and experienced international speaker, tour leader and consultant for rural and urban developments.
Stewart is a Honorary Research Associate at the Australian Botanic Garden Mt Annan where he is domesticating Australian natives from the wild. Recognising that Australian wildflowers are a highly desirable and iconic commodity in Australia and overseas, much of Stewart's work at Mt Annan is focused on preserving our rarer wildflowers through cultivation.
Stewart has been widely acknowledged for his contribution to our knowledge of Native Plants.
He has written several books on gardening, including Gardening on the Wild Side, Let's Propagate! and The Waterwise Australian Native Garden. Currently he is a brand ambassador for raised garden bed company, Vegepod.
Stewart produces regular newsletters and articles on his website, which also hosts a Plant Database which is free to access.
Stewart is also quite active on Facebook, Instagram and YouTube providing content on native plants, composting, worm farming and much more.
References
External links
Angus Stewart correspondence and publishing files, 1971-1977 (bulk: 1972-1973) held by University of Delaware Library Special Collections
Living people
Australian horticulturists
People from New South Wales
University of Sydney alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sergio Mendes is an album by Brazilian keyboardist Sérgio Mendes, released in 1983 on A&M Records. It was his first top 40 album in nearly a decade and a half, his second self-titled album, and was accompanied by his biggest chart single ever, "Never Gonna Let You Go", a song written by Barry Mann and Cynthia Weil and with a lead vocal performed by Joe Pizzulo and Leeza Miller that reached No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album was released with Spanish-language versions of the songs as Picardía.
Track listing
"VooDoo" (Douglas Brayfield, Ronaldo Monteiro De Souza, Ivan Lins, Vítor Martins) 3:55
"Never Gonna Let You Go" (Barry Mann, Cynthia Weil) 4:15
"My Summer Love" (Adrienne Anderson, Serge Gainsbourg, Alain Chamfort) 4:00
"Carnaval Festa Do Interior" (Mary Ekler, Moraes Moreira, Abel Silva) 3:50
"Rainbow's End" (Don Freeman, David Batteau) 4:03
"Love Is Waiting" (David & Jenny Batteau, Don Freeman) 3:47
"Dream Hunter" (Danny Sembello, Michael Sembello) 3:02
"Life in the Movies" (Michael Sembello, Dennis Matkosky) 3:52
"Si Senor" (Juan Carlos Calderón) 3:46
Personnel
Carlos Vega (8), Ed Greene (9), John Robinson (2, 3), Raymond Pounds (5), Vinnie Colaiuta (6): drums
Edson Aparecido da Silva (AKA Cafe) (4), Ron Powell (3), Sebastiao Neto (1,3,4,6,7), Steve Forman (1,2,4,6,7,9): percussion
Teo Lima - drums (1,4,7), percussion (7)
Louis Johnson (7), Nathan East (2,5,6,9), Nathan Watts (1,3,4,9): bass
Ben Bridges (1,4), John Pisano (9), Michael Sembello (1,4,5-8), Paul Jackson Jr. (2,9): guitars
Michael Landau - guitar solo (2)
Sérgio Mendes: keyboards (1,4-6,8), acoustic piano (3,7,9), synthesizers (3,7,9), percussion (2-4,6,7,9)
Don Freeman: acoustic piano (5,6), clavinet (5,6), backing vocals (4)
Robbie Buchanan: acoustic piano (2,5,6) & Fender Rhodes (5,6), synthesizer (2,5,6)
Michael Boddicker: synthesizers (1,8)
Gary Grant, Jerry Hey: horns (1,4)
Bill Reichenbach, horns (1,4), tuba solo (4)
Ernie Watts - horns (1,4), saxophone solo (1)
Bill Martin (1,4), Carol Rogers (1,4,5,8), Dan Sembello (5), Geoff Lieb (1,4), Gracinha Leporace (1,3-5,8), Joe Pizzulo (2), Leeza Miller (1,2,4-6,8) Michael Sembello (7), Robert Martin (1,4), Suzanne Wallach (1,4,5): vocals and backing vocals
Carol Rogers, Leeza Miller - vocals solo (1)
Reception
In his retrospective review of the album, AllMusic's Richard S. Ginell gave it two stars (of a possible five). He took aim at the hit "Never Gonna Let You Go", calling it "a saccharine ballad, where Joe Pizzulo and Leza Miller sing their banalities while Sergio strums and comps on synthesizers". He was critical of the album as a whole too, saying "To say that anyone could have made this record may be overstating the case, but the fact is that there is no way of knowing that this is a Sergio Mendes record without looking at the jacket." While not reviewing the whole album, record producer and YouTube personality Rick Beato declared "Never Gonna Let You Go" "the most complicated hit song of all time".
Chart performance
References
Sérgio Mendes albums
1983 albums
Albums produced by Sérgio Mendes
Albums produced by Dave Grusin
A&M Records albums
Petal Maps is a map service based on TomTom provided by Huawei to devices with the operating system HarmonyOS, Android and iOS. It offers satellite imagery, aerial photography, 3D view surroundings, turn-by-turn navigation, head-up display and route planning for traveling by foot, car, bike, and public transportation.
Honors
In 2021, Petal Maps was awarded the Red Dot Design Award.
Characteristics
Basic
Petal Maps offers the ability to zoom in and out to display the map. The user can control the map with the mouse to move to the desired location. Users can enter an address, intersection, or general area to search on the map.
If someone wants to search for "cakes in London" to find restaurants that serve that dish near the city. Searches can find a wide range of restaurants, hotels, theaters, and general businesses.
Maps are sourced from Huawei.
3D view of the maps
Satellite view.
Images provided by satellite
Currently the satellite view of Petal Maps is only available in the Petal Maps mobile app and not on the website.
Mobile app
Petal Maps is available as a mobile app for the HarmonyOS, Android and iOS mobile operating systems. It was released in October 2020 for all devices Huawei through the app store Huawei which is the AppGallery and in June 2021 for all devices with the operating system Android through the app store Google which is the Google Play. As per March 2022, Petal Maps was released on AppStore for iOS users. It was released as a replacement for Google Maps.
References
External links
Android (operating system) software
Web Map Services
Richard Armiger is a professional architectural model maker and the founder of Network Modelmakers. He is the Director of House Portrait Models, a brand established in 1998 within the studio to market handcrafted ‘model portraits' of private homes and estates.
His creative and influential architectural models have been published world wide and examples can be found in museums in the UK and internationally, including the permanent collection at the Victoria and Albert Museum, the Architecture Room at the annual Royal Academy of Arts Summer Show, and regularly at the Venice Biennale of Architecture.
Armiger's architectural consultancy models, for John Pawson, Zaha Hadid, Grimshaw Architects, the late Jan Kaplicky have appeared frequently in architectural exhibitions worldwide.
The 2009 Design Museum's exhibition David Chipperfield - Form Matters, contained a selection of his models, including Sir David's shortlisted Tate Modern entry.
Early career and education
Armiger attended the Maryland Institute College of Art near Roland Park, studying painting and sculpture. In Britain, he studied industrial design model making at the University for the Creative Arts thereafter settling in England in 1983.
Prior to establishing Network Modelmakers London, he was mentored by the Boston, USA designers at Cambridge Seven Associates. The architects and graphic designers at Cambridge Seven, in collaboration with Buckminster Fuller, designed the USA pavilion at Montreal's Expo 67, their highest profile project from that era. [9]
In the UK, his first employer was the Festival of Britain chief architect Sir Hugh Casson of Casson Conder and Partners. Further design experience was gained at the BBC, Wolff Olins and at the timber model shop within the Arup engineering consultancy.[9]
Architectural competition models
Many London-based architects commission his models for projects of international stature and for architectural design competition. The tally of Armiger's models of design competition projects won by Nicholas Grimshaw Architects alone is significant:
Caixa Art Gallery, A Coruña, Spain
National Space Centre, Leicester, England
Southern Cross station, Melbourne, Australia
Enneus Heerma Bridge, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Frankfurt Exhibition Hall, Germany
Donald Danforth Plant Science Center, Missouri, USA
In 2006, Armiger and his team developed a model measuring 4 meters square that became the winning entry for Singapore's Gardens by the Bay competition, won jointly by Grant Associates landscape designers and Wilkinson Eyre architects.
Crossrail models and consultancy
As consultant Model Coordinator to Crossrail, Richard Armiger helped clarify the project's complexity to the Parliamentary Select committee and other design laymen.
Models for Modernists and contemporary architects
Le Corbusier
Jan Kaplicky
David Chipperfield
Models of historic buildings
Westminster Abbey
Notable projects
Museum projects
Villas and manorial homes
Other selected projects by locale
References
Porter, T., Neale, J. (2000). Architectural Supermodels. Architectural Press.
Pawley, M. (1993). Future Systems: The Story of Tomorrow'''. Phaidon.
Chipperfield, D. (2004). El Croquis, Nº 120: David Chipperfield (1998–2004). El Croquis.
Sudjic, D. (2005). John Pawson 1995-2005 Pause for Thought''. El Croquis.
External links
RIBA Drawings Collection - model of Villa Stein-de Monzie
V&A Beauty Collection - Model of Lord Burlington's Villa at Chiswick
Gardens by the Bay International Design Competition
Network Modelmakers Ltd
Living people
21st-century British architects
Maryland Institute College of Art alumni
Alumni of the University for the Creative Arts
Year of birth missing (living people)
American emigrants to England
Oshnavieh () (in local Kurdish: 'اشنۆ'شنۆ'شنه‌) is a county in West Azerbaijan Province, in northwestern Iran. It lies west of Lake Urmia about 1,300 metres above sea level. The capital of the county is Oshnavieh. It lies on the border with the Kurdish provinces of Iraq. The county is surrounded by high mountains which remain cool even at the height of Summer. At the 2006 census, the county's population was 63,798, in 12,998 families.
The county is subdivided into two districts: the Central District and Nalus District. The county has two cities: Oshnavieh and Nalus. The population of Oshnavieh is Kurdish. The antiquity of this city is more than 3000 years.
During Iran-Iraq war, Ba'athist Iraq regime bombarded some parts of Oshnavieh in West Azerbaijan Province (on 2 August 1988) by Chemical bombs; and about 2700 persons were injured as a result of that.
References
Counties of West Azerbaijan Province
Prof. Dr. Kayhan Erciyeş (born 30 November 1956) is a Turkish computer engineer, educator and author. Between 2009 and 2016, he was the rector of İzmir University.
Biography
After receiving the Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Manchester (1979), Kayhan Erciyeş completed the Master of Science degree in Electronic Engineering at the University of Salford (1983) and the Doctor of Philosophy degree in Computer Engineering at Ege University and (partly) at the University of Edinburgh (1989).
He was research assistant (1985—1990), assistant professor, associate professor (1991—1999) and since 1999 professor at Ege University. He was visiting lecturer at Oregon State University (1994—1995), visiting professor at the University of California, Davis (2001) and at California State University San Marcos (2002).
He was the rector of İzmir University from 2009 until 2016, when the university was closed during the 2016–17 purges in Turkey.
In 2016, he supported and helped to organise the distribution of basic survival provisions to some of the worst-off refugees in the area of İzmir.
Work
Kayhan Erciyeş is best known for his research in distributed systems and algorithms, computer networks, with application areas such as mobile networks, wireless sensor networks, grid computing, parallel computing, distributed, real-time and embedded systems, bioinformatics.
In 1983–1984, he was research & development engineer at Alcatel Turkey and in 1990–1991 at Alcatel Portugal. In 1999, he received the Great Technical Award from the Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey for his work as consultant and head of the design team in Alcatel Turkey at the project 'New Generation Card Phones and Their Network Management Systems'.
In 1996–1999, he was consultant at Izmir Municipality Transportation System at the development of its Smart Card Application. In 2000, he received for the results of his work on this project the Best Smart Card application in the World 2000 Award by SESAME, Paris and the Karsiyaka Rotary Club Best Professional of the Year 2000 Award.
In 2015, he published the book Distributed and Sequential Algorithms for Bioinformatics, where he presents a unified coverage of bioinformatics topics relating to both biological sequences and biological networks, combining DNA and protein sequence analysis and protein network analysis and offering about 15 new parallel algorithms.
Books
A Communication Architecture for Mobile Ad hoc Networks: Cluster Based Protocols for Distributed Applications (with Orhan Dagdeviren and Deniz Cokuslu) (2010)
Topology Control for Mobile Ad hoc Networks: A Dominating Set Based Approach (with Deniz Cokuslu and Orhan Dagdeviren) (2010)
Distributed Graph Algorithms for Computer Networks (2013)
Complex Networks: An Algorithmic Perspective (2014)
Distributed and Sequential Algorithms for Bioinformatics (2015)
Algebraic Graph Algorithms - A Practical Guide Using Python (2021)
References
Alumni of the University of Manchester
Alumni of the University of Salford
Ege University faculty
Turkish computer scientists
1956 births
Living people
The 2008 Trinidad and Tobago Classic was the fourth season of the TOYOTA Classic, which is a knockout tournament competition for teams in the TT Pro League and the National Super League. The tournament took place at the conclusion of the 2008 season. Joe Public entered as the tournament's defending champion.
Qualification
Every club from the TT Pro League automatically qualified for the competition. In addition, following the conclusion of the National Super League season, the top five teams ranked according to the league table qualified. All teams entered the competition at the first round.
The draw for the first round for the fourth edition of the tournament was conducted by Pro League CEO Dexter Skeene on 26 November 2008, at the Constantine Stand, Queen's Park Oval. The 16 teams in the competition, valued at TT$150,000 in total sponsorship, were drawn into four groups, all named after TOYOTA branded vehicles, Terios (Group A), Sirion (Group B), Delta (Group C), and Daihatsu (Group D). All clubs were seeded based on their positions in their respective leagues.
W Connection, Caledonia AIA, San Juan Jabloteh, and Joe Public of the TT Pro League were drawn as the top seeds in Groups A, B, C, and D, respectively.
The following clubs have qualified for this year's edition of the TOYOTA Classic:
Schedule
The schedule for the 2008 TOYOTA Classic, as announced by the TT Pro League and National Super League:
Bracket
Results
All matches were played over two 45 minutes halves, and in the process if the match were drawn at the end of regulation time, penalty kicks determined the winner.
First round
The tournament commenced on 1 December, with all 16 teams competing in single elimination matches. Despite having the chance to upset a club from the Pro League, each Super League team lost in the first round. Tobago United provided the only upset of the round, when the Tobago Boys topped Defence Force in Group C. All other higher-seeded teams advanced to the quarterfinals with little difficulty.
Quarterfinals
In the quarterfinals, top-seeded clubs W Connection and Joe Public were ousted from the competition following defeats to North East Stars and St. Ann's Rangers, respectively. On the other side of the bracket, San Juan Jabloteh and Caledonia AIA both advanced easily as both Pro League sides did not concede a goal during the round.
Semifinals
One week after the quarterfinals, on 12 December, St. Ann's Rangers continued their run through the tournament with a 1–0 win over fellow Pro League side North East Stars. San Juan Jabloteh also advanced to the final with a victory against Caledonia AIA.
Third place
In the consolation match-up, Caledonia AIA narrowly defeated North East Stars 6–5 on penalty kicks, after the match ended 2–2 in regulation, to claim the competition's third place.
Final
In the final, San Juan Jabloteh claimed their first TOYOTA Classic title with a 2–1 win over St. Ann's Rangers using goals from Jason Marcano and Trent Noel. Conrad Smith used a brace in Caledonia AIA's victory in the first round to eventually end as the tournament's leading goal scorer with four goals.
References
External links
Official Website
2008 TOYOTA Classic
Trinidad and Tobago Classic
Classic
Balak, باڵەک, Balek is an ancient Kurdish tribe living in the former Soran Emirate which is now part of Erbil Governorate in Southern Kurdistan. it is located in the mountainous region of northern Erbil Governorate in Southern Kurdistan. People from the Balak area speak a language that is mixed in the Kurdish Sorani dialect and the Kurdish Kurmanji dialect. Like most Kurdish tribes, the people from the Balak tribe mainly live in mountains. Balak area ranges from Rawanduz district in the southwest, to the Haji Omaran sub-district in the northeast. There are a total two main districts located in Balak; namely Choman and Rawanduz, and five sub-districts: Warte, Smilan, Galala, Qasre and Haji Omaran. It is located 120 km north of Erbil, the capital of the Erbil Governorate and borders Eastern Kurdistan region in Iran.
Choman is considered the capital of the Balak tribe nowadays. Rawanduz was the capital of the Emirate of Soran, which was based in the geographic region of Kurdistan, specifically in what is today known as Southern Kurdistan. The emirate gained its full independence from the Ottoman Empire shortly after its capture from Safavid control in the 1530s. It was later reincorporated into the Ottoman Empire and served as a semi-autonomous vassal state for two centuries. The emirate slowly regained full independence for a second time during the late 18th century and early 19th century, but was once again eventually subdued by Ottoman troops in 1835. The city of Rawanduz served as the capital during most of its reign.
During his travels across Kurdistan in October and November 1836, Major Rawlinson observes that the Mîr of Rawanduz, Muhammad Pasha, brought tribesmen under his sway and conscripted a male from each family into his service as was his usual custom, and that the Balak tribe contingent proved to of great service to him.
The Name
The name of the Balak tribe came from the area that they inhabit. The earliest mention of Balak tribe comes from a 14th-century book, Masalik al-absar fi mamalik al-amsar, authored by the Arab geographer Ibn Fadl Allah Al-'Omari, the name Balak is said to be derived from Balakan village in Northern Kurdistan. Balakan means "Home of the Balaks". The Balaks are also mentioned by the Ottoman Sharif Pasha who writes in his report that some clans of the Balak reside in Zooka and Mashkan regions of Northern Kurdistan. The Balak Tribe are also mentioned in the Seyahatname by Evliya Çelebi.
Notables and Tribe Rulers
Leaders and notables from Mala Sharafi Clan (Balak)
Mala Sharaf Landlord and Chief of Balak tribe. 17th Century.
Mustafa Agha Nawpirdani, the most popular leader of the Balak Tribe, he came from a nationalist family and started off as a Peshmerga at the revolts in his area of Balakayati the Aylul Revolution in 1974 and continued on till 1983. Then he went undercover into the Iraqi Government and became Commander of the 33rd Regiment and the 48th special detachment of the Iraqi Army (estimated to be nearly 6,000 soldiers) all under his command working undercover for the Peshmerga, due to continuous support and aid for the KDP and PUK Peshmerga's through weapons, equipment, money, and medical supplies. He was improvised, imprisoned, and was sentenced to death, but was luckily granted a presidential pardon and ended up serving three years in the notorious Abu Ghraib prison. After being released, through his strong connections and relations with the KDP leadership, he rejoined the Peshmerga and regrouped his tribes forces and Peshmerga's (estimated to be 3,000 soldiers) with which he planned and participated the uprisings against Saddam Hussein's regime. On 11 March 1991, after fighting numerous heroic battles in Erbil, in which he captured Pirzin and Shaways from the Baathist forces. He died during an ambush on his convoy on the way to the Citadel of Erbil, becoming the first martyr of Erbils Raparin. His legacy still lives on in the Balak tribe, he's often named the charismatic irreplaceable leader and he still hasn't been replaced to this day.
Shaikh Muhammad Agha (Died in 1952) Balak's most powerful Leader. Established good relations with both the British Government and the King of Iraq. He became a member of the Iraqi Parliament in 1938.
Shemhamad Balak, prominent Peshmerga commander, former Politburo member of PASOK.
Hasan Kwestani (1950-1994) Prominent Peshmarga Leader in Patriotic Union of Kurdistan. He was assassinated by the KDP on 17 May 1994.
Other notables
Hamadamin Nawpirdani, Senior Cadre in the Kurdistan Democratic Party and official in the Kurdistan Regional Government, Former Director of Education of the Kurdish Capital of Erbil, and the brother of Mustafa Nawpirdani.
Nafiz Mustafa Nawpirdani, Member and head of oil and gas commission in the Erbil Provincial Council, high status member in the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan, and the eldest son of the late leader Mustafa Nawpirdani.
Sheikh Muhammad Balak, a leader of the Suhrawardiyya Sufi order in the 17th century.
Azad Jundiani (1960) Senior Advisor of President Barzani
Hemin Malazade anchorman. at Rudaw TV and 24/7 Kurdish News Channel
References
Erbil Governorate
Kurdish tribes
Ferdinand Feigl (25 May 1898 – 31 December 1961) was an Austrian footballer. He played in two matches for the Austria national football team from 1916 to 1925.
References
External links
1898 births
1961 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Ken Ueno (born January 11, 1970 in Bronxville, New York) is an American composer.
Career
He studied at the United States Military Academy. He graduated from Berklee College of Music with a B.M. in Film Scoring/Composition Summa Cum Laude, from Boston University with a M.M., from Yale School of Music with a M.M.A., and from Harvard University with a PhD.
He taught at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth.
He teaches at the University of California, Berkeley. He is co-director of Minimum Security Composers Collective.
Works
He has composed orchestral works, for jazz big band and woodwind quintet, and two dance pieces for the Boston Conservatory.
He performed at the Flea, New York City.
Ueno has collaborated with violist Kim Kashkashian and percussionist Robyn Schulkowsky on the works Hypnomelodiamachia for viola, percussion, and electronics (2007), and Two Hands, a Kashkashian commission, for viola and percussion (2009). A monograph compact disc of three works for soloist(s) and orchestra, Talus for viola and orchestra, On a Sufficient Condition for the Existence of Most Specific Hypothesis for solo throat-singer and orchestra, and Kaze-no-Oka for biwa, shakuhachi, and orchestra, was released by the Boston Modern Orchestra Project in 2010. Ueno has also written for such ensembles as the So Percussion Group, Bang on a Can All-Stars, San Francisco Contemporary Music Players, Del Sol String Quartet, Prism Quartet, and eighth blackbird.
Ueno's compositional approach frequently involves extra-musical modeling, including using images, cultural phenomena, or architecture as the basis for structural decisions, somewhat analogous to the use of architectural proportions in Renaissance music. Kaze-no-Oka, for example, reflects in part the structure of the Japanese architect Fumihiko Maki's like-named project. His Talus is, in a manner of speaking, a biography of a traumatic event in the life of its soloist, violist Wendy Richman, who shattered her ankle in a ten-foot fall. He is keenly interested in the process of exploring unique, in some sense irreproducible, sonic events linked to the performers for which his music is written.
As a performer, Ueno is active as a throat-singing vocalist and performing with live electronics. He is an accomplished guitarist.
In 2010, he was awarded the Berlin Prize residential fellowship in Music Composition at the American Academy in Berlin.
Awards
2010 Berlin Prize
2007 Rome Prize
Fromm Music Foundation grant
Aaron Copland House grant
Aaron Copland Fund for Music Recording grant
National Endowment for the Arts grant
Belgian-American Education Foundation
First Prize in the 25th "Luigi Russolo" competition
Harvard University grant
Discography
"Ken Ueno: Talus", BMOP/sound, BMOP1014
"I screamed at the sea until nodes swelled up, then my voice became the resonant noise of the sea", in New Dialects, Centaur CRC 3038, Gregory Oakes, 2009
"Synchronism Six-Zero", in One Minute More, Transatlantic Foundation for Music and Art B001J54A8S, Guy Livingston, 2008
"Scrapyard Exotica," by Del Sol String Quartet, Sono Luminus (2015) (featuring "Peradam" (2012)
References
External links
Artist's website
"Careers in Composition: Alumni Interview with Ken Ueno", Berklee College
"Ken Ueno Interview", Composition Today
"Ken Ueno (throat singer) and Joan Jeanrenaud (cello) @ BAM/PFA"
"On a Sufficient Condition for the Existence of Most Specific Hypothesis", University of California, Berkeley, Sounds of the Music Department
"Spotlight Session: Decoding Ken Ueno", Counterstream Audio
"Music Now Class performs Ken Ueno's Piece for Pieces of Paper"
American Academy in Berlin
"Biography and recording/info on 2015 composition Zetsu" "San Francisco Contemporary Music Players
1970 births
Living people
American male composers
21st-century American composers
American musicians of Japanese descent
Berklee College of Music alumni
Boston University College of Fine Arts alumni
Yale School of Music alumni
Harvard University alumni
University of Massachusetts Dartmouth faculty
University of California, Berkeley faculty
Berlin Prize recipients
People from Bronxville, New York
Musicians from New York (state)
21st-century American male musicians
Qarai () may refer to:
Qarai, Tehran
Qarai, Zanjan
Tatar, Qubadli, a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan
Qarai Turks
See also
Karai (disambiguation)
Karay (disambiguation)
The Aer-Pegaso M-100 was a single-seat glider designed and built in Italy from 1967.
Development
The Morelli M-100 was a single-seat sailplane designed in response to a 1956 competition sponsored by the Aero Club d'Italia for a low-cost training glider. The winning design, by Prof. Ing. Piero Morelli, was put into production the following year. As originally designed, the M-100 was of conventional, high-wing sailplane configuration, with a stubby T-tail.
In 1958, the FAI published the new Standard Class rules for sailplanes, and since the M-100 was close to this specification, the design was modified to comply. This involved numerous changes to the wing, including lengthening and thickening the structure, and adding larger and more numerous rotating airbrake segments. The tail unit was revised too, and given a conventional fin. This version was designated the M-100S.
The M-100 and M-100S were manufactured by Aeromere, CVT, Avionautica Rio in Italy, and S.A. CARMAM, in France as the CARMAM M-100S Mésange (tomtit). Eighty three aircraft were built in Italy and a further 140 at CARMAM in France.
Variants
Morelli M-100 A generic designation for all variants.
CVT M-100Prototype and initial production at the Centro di Volo a Vela del Politecnico di Torino (CVT) in Turin, in the Ditta Nicolotti & Figli factory in Turin.
Morelli M-100S A substantial re-design to comply with new Standard class specifications issued in 1957.
Aeromere M-100S The bulk of production from the Aeromere factory.
Avionautica Rio M-100S Alternative production in Italy
CARMAM M-100S Mésange (Tomtit) Production at the CARMAM (Coopérative d'Approvisionnement et de Réparation de Matériel Aéronautique de Moulins) factory in France, (140 built).
Aer-Pegaso M-100S Another designation for some aircraft built in Italy.
Specifications (M-100S)
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
Coates, Andrew. Jane's World Sailplanes & Motor Gliders new edition. London, Jane's. 1980.
Taylor, J. H. (ed) (1989) Jane's Encyclopedia of Aviation. Studio Editions: London. p. 29
Historical Aircraft Group, Italy website
Glider aircraft
1950s Italian sailplanes
M-100
High-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1957
Phrynorhombus norvegicus, the Norwegian topknot, is a species of turbot native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean. This species grows to a length of SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
References
Scophthalmidae
Fauna of Norway
Fish of the North Sea
Norwegian topknot
Taxa named by Albert Günther
Garaguso is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Geography
It is an agricultural center in the upper valley of the Cavone River. The town is situated on a hill and is bordered to the north by the town of Grassano, to the east by Salandra, to the south by San Mauro Forte, and west with Oliveto Lucano and Calciano.
History
The results of archaeological investigations indicate that the area was inhabited since prehistoric times. The temple of Garaguso, Heroon is of note, revealing a strong Greek presence in the area. In 1060, Garaguso was included in the jurisdiction of the Bishop of Tricarico. Important findings come from the territory are kept in the National Archaeological Museum of Basilicata, documenting an indigenous culture from the Iron Age to the fifth century BC. The museum contains marble dating from the first half of the fifth century BC: a model of the Heroon temple and a statue of a goddess sitting. In the feudal period, Garaguso belonged to the Sanseverinos and in turn the Salandra family until 1813. The 1694 earthquake destroyed the original settlement further down the hill and was rebuilt by the Revettera di Salandra family in the XVIII century. A hunting lodge was built and is now called the Palace. The building is accessed by a path carved into the rock It has a central courtyard where there was also the family chapel that later enlarged to become the main church, dedicated to St. Nicholas of Myra (Bari). This parish church of Garguso dates to the eighteenth-century and has a clay sculpture of the fifteenth century depicting the Madonna della Puglia and a canvas painted in 1761 by Deodato da Tolve.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
The FTSE AIM All-Share Index was revised from the previous FTSE AIM Index on 16 May 2005, and is a stock market index consisting of all companies quoted on the Alternative Investment Market which meet the requirements for liquidity and free float.
The index is reviewed quarterly, and the constituent companies may change based on market capitalisation data as at the end of February, May, August and November. The index is maintained by FTSE Russell, a subsidiary of the London Stock Exchange Group.
External links
AIM page on LSE site
FTSE Group website
Bloomberg page for AXX:IND
Economy of the United Kingdom
European stock market indices
A Thing Called Divine Fits is the debut studio album by American–Canadian indie rock band Divine Fits. The album was recorded in Los Angeles in a backyard studio with producer Nick Launay between March and May 2012. It was released on August 27, 2012 in Europe and August 28, 2012 in North America on Merge Records. The first single, "My Love Is Real", was released on July 31, 2012.
Background
Britt Daniel, lead singer and guitarist of Spoon, met Dan Boeckner of Wolf Parade and Handsome Furs at a Handsome Furs concert in 2007. They kept in touch, and later, Spoon and Handsome Furs played shows together. Spoon later played Radio City Music Hall, and invited Boeckner onstage with them. Sam Brown, drummer of New Bomb Turks, was recommended by producer Mike McCarthy, who had previously worked with Daniel. Daniel had written the track "What Gets You Alone" and sent it to Boeckner in February 2011, who recorded vocals over top of it, and decided to go to California the following year, along with Sam Brown to form the band. Alex Fischel met Boeckner opening up for Handsome Furs with the band PAPA. Boeckner later got in touch with Fischel and asked him to join Divine Fits, adding keyboards to the mix. The vocals are roughly shared between Daniel and Boeckner.
Critical reception
A Thing Called Divine Fits was generally well received by critics, with aggregate rating site Metacritic assigning it a score of 77 out of 100 based on 30 reviews. Josh Modell of Spin described it as "something fresh from the "supergroup that they hadn't done with their respective groups before" and wrote that the band "is flirting with the coolest music 1982 had to offer," though that they have more potential than what that the album showed. Mary Chang of DIY called the album's cohesiveness "astonishing" considering that the band had only formed some months prior to its release. Other critics spoke positively of Daniel and Boeckner, noting that their songwriting fit together naturally. Rolling Stone'''s Jon Dolan described their partnership as a "genuine synthesis", while Harley Brown of Consequence of Sound wrote that "it might be the most fortuitous musical pairing in recent history."A Thing Called Divine Fits was listed at number 23 on Rolling Stone''s list of the top 50 albums of 2012, with the publication praising Divine Fits as "the super-group that is more than the sum of its promising parts."
Track listing
Charts
References
2012 debut albums
Divine Fits albums
Albums produced by Nick Launay
The banded yellow robin or olive-yellow robin (Gennaeodryas placens) is a species of bird in the Australasian robin family Petroicidae that is found in New Guinea. It is the only species in the genus Gennaeodryas. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
It is threatened by habitat loss. It has a high mortality rate due to its inability to traverse across a matrix.
Taxonomy
The banded yellow robin was described by the Australian zoologist, Edward Pierson Ramsay, in 1879, from a specimen collected in southeastern New Guinea. He coined the binomial name Eopsaltria placens. The species was subsequently placed in the genus Poecilodryas. It was moved to the resurrected genus Gennaeodryas, based on the results of a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2011. The genus Gennaeodryas had been introduced by the Australian ornithologist, Gregory Mathews, in 1920. The genus name combines the Ancient Greek gennaios 'noble' or 'high-born' with dryad 'tree-nymph'. The specific epithet placens is the Latin word for 'charming' or 'pleasing'.
References
del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2007). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 12: Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions.
Birds of New Guinea
banded yellow robin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Imma otoptera is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on Borneo.
The wingspan is 16–19 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous, in males with a roundish impression beneath the costa at two-fifths, containing a tuft of whitish-ochreous scales from the upper margin, covered normally by a flap of long fuscous scales from the anterior margin. The extreme costal edge is ochreous whitish on the posterior three-fifths. The hindwings are dark fuscous, somewhat thinly scaled towards the base, with indications of two or three semi-transparent streaks, in males a more distinct pale suffused streak from the base through the disc to beyond the middle.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Cingulata, part of the superorder Xenarthra, is an order of armored New World placental mammals. Dasypodids and chlamyphorids, the armadillos, are the only surviving families in the order. Two groups of cingulates much larger than extant armadillos (maximum body mass of 45 kg (100 lb) in the case of the giant armadillo) existed until recently: pampatheriids, which reached weights of up to 200 kg (440 lb) and chlamyphorid glyptodonts, which attained masses of 2,000 kg (4,400 lb) or more.
The cingulate order originated in South America during the Paleocene epoch about 66 to 56 million years ago, and due to the continent's former isolation remained confined to it during most of the Cenozoic. However, the formation of a land bridge allowed members of all three families to migrate to southern North America during the Pliocene or early Pleistocene as part of the Great American Interchange. After surviving for tens of millions of years, all of the pampatheriids and giant glyptodonts apparently died out during the Quaternary extinction event at the beginning of the Holocene, along with much of the rest of the regional megafauna, shortly after the colonization of the Americas by Paleo-Indians.
Description
Armadillos have dorsal armor that is formed by osteoderms, plates of dermal bone covered in relatively small, overlapping keratinized epidermal scales called "scutes". Most species have rigid shields over the shoulders and hips, with three to nine bands separated by flexible skin covering the back and flanks.
Pampatheres also had shells that were flexible due to three movable lateral bands of osteoderms. The osteoderms of pampatheres were each covered by a single scute, unlike those of armadillos, which have more than one. Glyptodonts, on the other hand, had rigid, turtle-like shells of fused osteoderms.
Both groups have or had a cap of armor atop their heads. Glyptodonts also had heavily armored tails; some, such as Doedicurus, had mace-like clubs at the ends of their tails, similar to those of ankylosaurs, evidently used for defensive or agonistic purposes.
Most armadillos eat insects and other invertebrates; some are more omnivorous and may also eat small vertebrates and vegetable matter. Pampatheres are thought to have been specialized for grazing, and isotopic analysis indicates the diet of glyptodonts was dominated by C4 grasses. Euphractinae is unique for speciations towards carnivory, culminating in the macropredatory genus Macroeuphractus.
Classification
The taxonomic table below follows the results of a phylogenetic analysis published by Delsuc et al., 2016. While glyptodonts have traditionally been considered stem-group cingulates outside the group that contains modern armadillos, this 2016 study conducted an analysis of Doedicurus mtDNA and found that it was, in fact, nested within the modern armadillos as the sister group of a clade consisting of Chlamyphorinae and Tolypeutinae.
Order Cingulata
Family †Protobradyidae Ameghino 1902
Genus †Protobradys Ameghino 1902
Family †Peltephilidae Ameghino 1894
Genus †Anantiosodon Ameghino 1891
Genus †Epipeltephilus Ameghino 1904
Genus †Parapeltecoelus Bordas 1938
Genus †Peltecoelus Ameghino 1902
Genus †Peltephilus Ameghino 1887 (Horned armadillo)
Genus †Ronwolffia Shockey 2017
Family †Paleopeltidae Ameghino 1895
Genus †Palaeopeltis Ameghino 1895
Family †Pampatheriidae
Genus ?†Machlydotherium Ameghino 1902
Genus †Holmesina Simpson 1930
Genus †Kraglievichia Castellanos 1927
Genus †Machlydotherium
Genus †Pampatherium Ameghino 1875 ex Gervais & Ameghino 1880
Genus †Scirrotherium Edmund & Theodor 1997
Genus †Tonnicinctus Góis et al. 2015
Genus †Vassallia Castellanos 1927 [Plaina Castellanos 1937]
Genus †Yuruatherium Ciancio et al. 2012
Family †Pachyarmatheriidae Fernicola et al. 2018
Genus †Neoglyptatelus Carlini, Vizcaíno & Scillato-Yané 1997
Genus †Pachyarmatherium Downing & White 1995
Family Dasypodidae (long-nosed armadillos)
Genus †Acantharodeia
Genus †Amblytatus
Genus †Archaeutatus
Genus †Astegotherium
Genus †Astegotherium
Genus †Barrancatatus
Genus †Chasicotatus
Genus †Chorobates
Genus †Coelutaetus
Genus †Eocoleophorus
Genus †Epipeltecoelus
Genus †Eutatus
Genus †Hemiutaetus
Genus †Isutaetus
Genus †Lumbreratherium
Genus †Macrochorobates
Genus †Mazzoniphractus
Genus †Meteutatus
Genus †Pedrolypeutes
Genus †Prodasypus
Genus †Proeutatus
Genus †Prostegotherium
Genus †Pucatherium
Genus †Punatherium
Genus †Stegotherium
Genus †Stenotatus
Genus †Utaetus
Genus †Vetelia
Subfamily Dasypodinae
Genus †Anadasypus
Genus Dasypus
Genus †Nanoastegotherium
Genus †Parastegosimpsonia
Genus †Pliodasypus
Genus †Propraopus
Genus †Riostegotherium
Genus †Stegosimpsonia
Family Chlamyphoridae: glyptodonts and other armadillos
Subfamily Chlamyphorinae: fairy armadillos
Genus Calyptophractus
Genus Chlamyphorus
Subfamily Euphractinae: hairy, six-banded and pichi armadillos
Genus Chaetophractus
Genus †Doellotatus
Genus Euphractus
Genus †Macroeuphractus
Genus †Peltephilus
Genus †Proeuphractus
Genus †Paleuphractus
Genus Zaedyus
Subfamily †Glyptodontinae: glyptodonts
Genus †Doedicurus
Genus †Glyptodon
Genus †Glyptotherium
Genus †Hoplophorus
Genus †Panochthus
Genus †Parapropalaehoplophorus
Genus †Plaxhaplous
Subfamily Tolypeutinae: giant, three-banded and naked-tailed armadillos
Genus Cabassous
Genus †Kuntinaru
Genus Priodontes
Genus Tolypeutes
References
Xenarthrans
Mammal orders
Taxa named by Johann Karl Wilhelm Illiger
Extant Thanetian first appearances
Rask (; also romanized as Rāsak and Rāzk) is a city in and the capital of Sarbaz County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,931, in 1,102 families.
Rask is located in the Sarbaz Mountains and beside the Sarbaz River. A road passing through Rask links Chabahar Port to the national road network of Iran.
References
Cities in Sistan and Baluchestan Province
Lois Dwight Cole Taylor (1903 – 20 July 1979) was an American editor and writer of children's literature. She wrote with her husband Allan Taylor as Allan Dwight. Their most successful novel was Drums in the Forest, first printed in 1936 and up to a 22nd printing in 1970. Most of her own novels were written as Anne Elliot. She also wrote as Anne Lattin, Nancy Dudley, Lynn Avery and Caroline Arnett.
When working at Macmillan Publishers, she met Margaret Mitchell. Lois Cole was the first person outside the Mitchell family to read Gone with the Wind.
Biography
Lois Dwight Cole was born in 1903 in New York City. She received her BA at Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts in 1924. She worked at Macmillan Publishers, who sent her from New York to Atlanta in 1927. There she met Peggy Mitchell Marsh (who became better known by her pen-name Margaret Mitchell), and they became lifelong friends. Peggy introduced her to Turney Allan Taylor, a bachelor journalist, who later became Cole's husband. Cole and Taylor had two children.
When Cole learned that Mitchell was writing a novel, she asked to see it, but Mitchell refused to let her or anyone else read it. Macmillan sent Lois back to New York in 1930, and promoted her to associate editor. Cole continued inquiring after Mitchell's novel, and in 1933 Mitchell replied that Lois would be the first to read it if it ever got finished. Cole introduced her boss, editor Harold Latham, to Mitchell in 1935. In April 1935, Mitchell gave him the manuscript to read, and Latham sent it on to Cole after having read the first few chapters. Mitchell later said that "John and Lois are the only persons I ever discussed it with in any detail" before she gave the manuscript to Latham. She continued to assist Mitchell and her husband John on one hand, and Latham on the other hand, in getting the book to a finished state. She edited the blurb, written by John, to its final state. Cole also promoted the book before its release, making sure that it was included in the Book of the Month Club selection. Finally, in April 1936, Macmillan produced the first printing of Gone with the Wind by Margaret Mitchell.
She then worked as editor at Whittlesey House and G. P. Putnam's Sons, before becoming the senior editor at first William Morrow and Company and finally Walker and Company. Cole died in 1979.
Bibliography
1932: Timothy's Shoes and Two Other Stories by Juliana Horatio Ewing, adapted by Lois Dwight Cole
1933: Spaniard's Mark (as Allan Dwight)
1934: Linn Dickson Confederate (as Allan Dwight)
1936: Drums in the Forest (as Allan Dwight, pseudonym of Cole and her husband Allan Taylor) (reprinted 1967; translated into French in 1958)
1936: The First Virginians (as Allan Dwight) (reprinted 1938)
1939: Kentucky Cargo (as Allan Dwight)
1943: Linda Goes to the Hospital (as Nancy Dudley)
1953: Peter Liked to Draw (as Anne Lattin)
1955: Linda Travels Alone (as Nancy Dudley)
1956: Linda's First Flight (as Nancy Dudley)
1957: Linda Goes to a TV Studio (as Nancy Dudley)
1958: Linda Goes on a Cruise (as Nancy Dudley)
1958: Peter's Policeman (as Anne Lattin)
1959: The Silver Dagger (as Allan Dwight)
1962: Dorie of Dogtown Common (as Anne Elliot)
1962: Guns at Quebec (as Allan Dwight)
1963: The mystery of the vanishing horses (as Lynn Avery)
1965: Soldier and Patriot: The Life of General Israel Putnam (as Allan Dwight)
1967: Return to Aylforth (as Anne Elliot)
1967: To the Walls of Cartagena (as Allan Dwight)
1968: Sparky's Fireman (as Anne Lattin)
1969: Shadows Waiting (as Anne Elliot)
1971: Stranger at Pembroke (as Anne Elliot)
1972: Incident at Villa Rahmana (as Anne Elliot) (reprinted in 1975: translated in German in 1974)
1974: The Dark Beneath the Pines (as Anne Elliot)
References
External links
1903 births
1979 deaths
Writers from New York City
Smith College alumni
American women editors
American women children's writers
American children's writers
20th-century American women writers
List of special schools in Hong Kong
Special Needs schools
Buddhist To Chi Fat She Yeung Tat Lam Memorial School
Caritas Jockey Club Lok Yan School
Caritas Lok Jun School
Caritas Lok Kan School
Caritas Lok Yi School
Caritas Resurrection School
CCC Kei Shun Special School (Semi-grammar)
CCC Mongkok Church Kai Oi School (Semi-grammar)
Chi Yun School
Choi Jun School (Semi-grammar)
Chun Tok School
Ebenezer New Hope School
Ebenezer School
Evan China Fellowship Holy Word School
Haven of Hope Sunnyside School
Heung Hoi Ching Kok Lin Association Buddhist Po Kwong School
Hong Kong Red Cross John F. Kennedy Centre
Hong Kong Red Cross Margaret Trench School
Hong Kong Red Cross Princess Alexandra School
Hong Kong Red Cross Hospital Schools
HKSYC & IA Chan Nam Chong Memorial School
Hong Chi Lions Morninghill School
Hong Chi Morninghill School, Tsui Lam (Semi-grammar)
Hong Chi Morninghill School, Tuen Mun (Semi-grammar)
Hong Chi Morninghope School, Tuen Mun
Hong Chi Morningjoy School, Yuen Long
Hong Chi Morninglight School, Tuen Mun
Hong Chi Morninglight School, Yuen Long
Hong Chi Pinehill School
Hong Chi Pinehill No.2 School
Hong Chi Pinehill No.3 School
Hong Chi Winifred Mary Cheung Morn School
Hong Kong Christian Service Pui Oi School
Jockey Club Hong Chi School
Jockey Club Sarah Roe School
Ko Fook Iu Memorial School the Spastics Association Hong Kong
Lutheran School for the Deaf
Mary Rose School
Mental Health Association of Hong Kong - Cornwall School
Po Leung Kuk Centenary School
Po Leung Kuk Law's Foundation School
Po Leung Kuk Mr. and Mrs. Chan Pak Keung Tsing Yi School
Po Leung Kuk Yu Lee Mo Fan Memorial School
Rotary Club of Hong Kong Island West Hong Chi Morninghope School
Rhenish Church Grace School
Society of Anaesthetists of Hong Kong B. M. Kotewall Memorial School
Society of Anaesthetists of Hong Kong Jockey Club Elaine Field School
Society of Anaesthetists of Hong Kong Ko Fook Iu Memorial School
Salvation Army Shek Wu School
Sam Shui Natives Association Lau Pun Cheung School
Saviour Lutheran School
Shatin Public School
Tseung Kwan O Pui Chi School
Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Kwan Fong Kai Chi School
Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Tsui Tsin Tong School
Hospital schools
Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital Red Cross School
Caritas Medical Centre Red Cross School
Duchess of Kent Hospital Red Cross School
Kowloon Hospital Red Cross School
Kwai Chung Hospital Red Cross School
Kwong Wah Hospital Red Cross School
North District Hospital Red Cross School
Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital Red Cross School
Prince of Wales Hospital Red Cross School
Princess Margaret Hospital Red Cross School
Queen Elizabeth Hospital Red Cross School
Queen Mary Hospital Red Cross School
Tseung Kwan O Hospital Red Cross School
Tuen Mun Hospital Red Cross School
United Christian Hospital Red Cross School
Yan Chai Hospital Red Cross School
Yaumatei Child Psychiatric Centre Red Cross School
Schools for Social Development
Caritas Pelletier School
Hong Kong Juvenile Care Centre Chan Nam Cheong Memorial School
Marycove School
Society of Boys' Centres Chak Yan Centre School
Society of Boys' Centres Hui Chung Sing Memorial School
Society of Boys' Centres Shing Tak Centre School
Tung Wan Mok Law Shui Wah School
See also
List of primary schools in Hong Kong
List of secondary schools in Hong Kong
List of universities in Hong Kong
List of international schools in Hong Kong
External links
Hong Kong School Directory - Special schools (Chinese)
Hong Kong Red Cross Hospital Schools (Chinese)
Lists of schools in Hong Kong
Education in Hong Kong
Hong Kong
Old Bottles - New Wine is an album by trombonist Ray Anderson which was recorded in 1985 and released on the Enja label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated "Trombonist Ray Anderson, best-known for his avant-garde recordings, surprised many with these explorations of standards. His high-note outbursts are often hilarious, yet on this program he really digs into the material".
Track listing
"Love Me or Leave Me" (Walter Donaldson, Gus Kahn) – 4:52
"Bohemia After Dark" (Oscar Pettiford) – 5:18
"La Rosita" (Allan Stuart, Paul Dupont) – 6:32
"Ow!" (Dizzy Gillespie) – 3:38
"In a Mellow Tone" (Duke Ellington) – 6:28
"Laird Baird" (Charlie Parker) – 5:44
"Wine" (Reginald Beam, Avon Long) – 6:49
Personnel
Ray Anderson – trombone, vocals
Kenny Barron – piano
Cecil McBee – bass
Dannie Richmond – drums
References
Ray Anderson (musician) albums
1985 albums
Enja Records albums
Kristy M. Ainslie is a Fred Eshelman Distinguished Professor in pharmaceutical science at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the
Eshelman School of Pharmacy and chair of the Division of Pharmacoengineering and Molecular Pharmaceutics. She is also joint in the UNC School of Medicine Department of Microbiology and Immunology and affiliated faculty in the UNC/NC State joint Biomedical Engineering department. Additionally, she is part of UNC's Biological and Biomedical Sciences Program (BBSP).
Background
Ainslie completed her Bachelors of Science in Chemical engineering from Michigan State University in 1999. After working as an environmental engineer at Malcolm Pirnie, she began graduate school at Penn State as a fellow in the Huck Institutes of the Life Science. In 2003, she completed her Masters of Science in Chemical engineering under John Tarbell, focusing on shear stress modulation of vascular smooth muscle cell contraction. Two years later in 2005, she completed her PhD in Chemical engineering under Micheal Pishko, focusing on protein adhesion and cell responses to nanomaterials. After a brief post doc at the microcantilever start-up Protiveris, she worked with Lloyd Whitman at the United States Naval Research Laboratory. In 2006, she began a post doc at University of San Francisco in the Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences under the direction of Tejal Desai. The focus of Ainslie's research at UCSF was on microfabricated oral drug delivery carriers and immune responses to planar nanomaterials.
Ainslie began her career as a tenure track Assistant Professor at Ohio State University in the School of Pharmacy in the Division of Pharmaceutics and Pharmaceutical Chemistry. In 2014, Ainslie moved to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and the UNC Eshelman School of Pharmacy Division of Pharmacoengineering and Molecular Pharmaceutics as an Associate Professor.
Career
Ainslie has several areas of focus for her lab:
Advancement of acetalated dextran: Establishment of an ethanol producing version of acetalated dextran, in comparison to the methanol producing version first reported by Jean Fréchet. Exploiting the unique degradation rates of acetalated dextran, the Ainslie Lab was the first to show that fine tuning of antigen and adjuvant release can be used to optimize microparticulate vaccines.
Antigen specific immune tolerance: One of the first to apply microparticles for autoimmune therapeutic vaccines, using acetalated dextran to suppress disease related inflammation
Host-directed therapeutics: First identifying OSU-03012 antiparasitic activity against Leishmania donovani. To improve the delivery of this compound, since it has a narrow therapeutic window, the Ainslie lab encapsulated it in acetalated dextran microparticles and also applied the formulation for Salmonella enterica and Francisella tularensis infection.
Electrospray for vaccines: Reported the first use of electrospray for formation of protein based microparticle vaccines made of acetalated dextran. The application of electrospray was then expanded to encapsulate the hydrophillic STING agonist cGAMP.
Electrospun acetalated dextran nanofibers: Used for interstitial delivery of chemotherapeutics for glioblastoma.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American chemical engineers
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill faculty
Michigan State University alumni
Penn State College of Engineering alumni
Joseph Anthony Toal (born 13 October 1956) is a Scottish Roman Catholic bishop. On 29 April 2014 he was named by Pope Francis as the fifth Bishop of Motherwell, having served as Bishop of Argyll and the Isles since 2008.
Biography
Born in Roy Bridge, Inverness-shire, Scotland on 13 October 1956. Educated locally at Roy Bridge Primary School he proceeded to train for the priesthood at St Vincent's College, Langbank, St Mary's College, Blairs and the Royal Scots College in Valladolid, Spain.
He was ordained a priest of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Argyll and the Isles at St Columba's Cathedral in Oban on 10 July 1980.
After ordination Toal served in Daliburgh and Ardkenneth on South Uist, Campbeltown and Benbecula before being appointed spiritual director at the Royal Scots College in Salamanca, Spain, in 1999. He was then vice rector before becoming rector of the College.
Toal was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Argyll and the Isles by the Holy See on 16 October 2008 and consecrated to the episcopate on 8 December 2008. The principal consecrator was Keith Cardinal O'Brien, Archbishop of St Andrews & Edinburgh. The principal co-consecrators were Archbishop Faustino Sainz Muñoz, Apostolic Nuncio to Great Britain and Bishop Ian Murray, Bishop Emeritus of Argyll & the Isles.
Toal has been given the names of complainants who allege Keith Cardinal O'Brien committed predatory sex against them. Toal stated to The Observer newspaper, "It's been hard listening to what's being said, but it's important we hear what they're saying and the gravity of the situation. If I can help in some way, I will."
On 29 April 2014, Toal was appointed by Pope Francis as the fifth Bishop of Motherwell. He was installed on Monday 23 June 2014 in Our Lady of Good Aid Cathedral, Motherwell.
Controversy
Matthew Despard complained about what he called a culture of homosexual bullying within the Catholic Church and alleged that higher-ranking clergy ignored or facilitated abuse. Toal arranged for letters to be given to Despard's parishioners strongly critical of Despard and later suspended him. Toal condemned Despard for questioning his authority. The overwhelming majority of parishioners walked out during a Mass which Toal held in Despard's former church. Parishioner, Geraldine Penches who was loudly applauded by others in the congregation described Matthew Despard as, "a very honest man" adding, "This is more scandal to rock the Catholic church which has to be hushed up. Because Father tells the truth he is removed from his priestly duties. We the people are the church, not the bishops." There are complaints that Despard was disciplined without being represented and a petition calling for his reinstatement got over 1,000 signatures.
Toal maintained the accusations Despard made were false and defamatory.
References
1956 births
Roman Catholic bishops of Argyll and the Isles
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Scotland
Living people
Roman Catholic bishops of Motherwell
Scottish Roman Catholic bishops
Michael Sherwood (27 October 1959 – 5 November 2019) was an American keyboardist and singer.
Biography
Michael Sherwood was a US keyboardist and singer who came from a musical family which included his father Bobby Sherwood, who was an actor, musician, and big band leader; his mother Phyllis, a drummer and singer; and younger brother Billy (Yes, ASIA). His father gave him his first keyboard when he was four years old.
Sherwood (keys, vocals) formed the band Lodgic with Jimmy Haun on guitar in 1977, while growing up in Las Vegas. Also in the band were Mark and Tom Fletcher, and Gary Starns on drums. The band would later include Guy Allison on keyboards (from 1979) and brother Billy (bass, later also vocals). Billy was originally recruited to play less "busy" bass parts than their then bass player. The band covered Return to Forever, Peter Frampton, Frank Zappa and Yes. They eventually moved the band to Los Angeles in 1980, managed by Barry Morgan, and around the same time began writing their own material. The band met Jeff Porcaro, who along with other members of Toto, mentored them.
After many years of trying to get things together, they recorded their debut album Nomadic Sands, released in 1986. The album was to be produced by David Paich and David Foster, then by Paich and James Newton Howard, before eventually being produced by Paich and Steve Porcaro. Sherwood worked with Toto keyboardist Steve Porcaro during this period; one of their co-writes was considered for Michael Jackson's Thriller album. It was not used at the time, but was then finished for inclusion on Thriller 25.
Michael Sherwood and Jimmy Haun then worked with Air Supply. Sherwood worked on The Earth Is ... (1991), The Vanishing Race (1993) and News from Nowhere (1995).
Sherwood did session work, including backing vocals on the Anderson/Bruford/Wakeman/Howe songs on Yes's Union album (on which brother Billy also performed, but on a different track).
A solo album, Tangletown, was released in 1998, largely written with Julius Robinson, produced by Steve McCormick. Players included Steve McCormick (guitars and vocals), the late Jamie Chez (drums and vocals), Tom Felicetta (long-haired bass), and Dorian Crozier (drums on "Angry as I Am" and "The Censor"), and singers C.C. White, Danny Peck and Michiko Freemond. Guests included Christian Nesmith, who co-produced along with Chez and Felicetta. Mixed by Tom Fletcher.
Sherwood also appeared on Ted Jacobs' 2000 album The Days Gone By, while he and Robinson worked on music for the 2001 film Angel Eyes. In 2004, he joined Conspiracy, Billy's band with Yes bassist Chris Squire, to record a live-in-the-studio DVD, released in 2006. Sherwood has also worked with the Gluey Brothers, Jack Russell, Lisa Loeb, Steve Porcaro, Air Supply, Jonathan Elias, and Circa, and further with Julius Robinson and Christian Nesmith. He has done music for TV shows and adverts, including work for Elias Associates.
Sherwood co-wrote, co-produced and sings on Steve Porcaro's debut solo album Someday/Somehow, released 2016, as well as co-writing material for Toto XIV.
He unexpectedly died on 5 November 2019, at the age of 60 years old.
References
External links
Interview with Michael Sherwood
Where Are They Now? news website
1999 interview
1959 births
2019 deaths
21st-century American keyboardists
Conspiracy (band) members
American rock keyboardists
Euglossa bidentata is a Euglossine bee species found in the Amazon rainforest.
References
bidentata
Hymenoptera of South America
Hymenoptera of Brazil
Fauna of the Amazon
Insects described in 1982
Orchid pollinators
William Hamilton (born 1903) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a forward.
Career
Born in Musselburgh, Hamilton played for Bellshill Athletic, Bradford City and Southport
For Bradford City he made 13 appearances in the Football League.
Sources
References
1903 births
Year of death missing
Scottish footballers
Bellshill Athletic F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Southport F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football forwards
Quadrant Routes in Pennsylvania are maintained by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation. This article lists all the routes and their termini in Fulton County. As is the case with the other counties in the state, the route numbers start in the northeast quadrant and go clockwise from the 1000s to the 4000s. Odd numbered roads travel south to north. Even numbered roads travel west to east. There is no specific pattern for numbering order.
The north-south quadrant dividers is not explicitly delineated. The east-west divider are PA 665 from the Maryland State line to Hustontown and PA 475 from Hustontown to the Huntingdon County line.
1000s
2000s
3000s
4000s
8000s
9000s
See also
References
Microsoft Streets & Trips Software
Official 2019 Fulton County Type 10 PennDOT Map
Fulton
Quadrant routes
Breitenthal is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany. The Oberrieder Weiher, a in the region Mittelschwaben popular greenbelt recreation area, is in the municipal area of Breitenthal.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
Imma lysidesma is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Assam in India and Perak in Malaysia.
The wingspan is 25–28 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous in males and somewhat lighter ochreous fuscous in females. There is a slender irregular whitish-ochreous line running from a narrow spot on the middle of the costa to near the dorsum at two-thirds, interrupted above the middle, variable in development and sometimes nearly altogether obsolete. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
The Hsingneng Power Plant, Star Energy Power Plant or Changbin Power Plant () is a gas-fired power plant in Chang-Bin Industrial Park, Lukang Township, Changhua County, Taiwan.
History
The power plant was commissioned in March 2004 and started its operation in April 2004.
Technical specifications
The power plant consists of one combined cycle unit generation with an installed capacity of 490 MW.
See also
List of power stations in Taiwan
Electricity sector in Taiwan
References
2004 establishments in Taiwan
Buildings and structures in Changhua County
Energy infrastructure completed in 2004
Natural gas-fired power stations in Taiwan
The slate-throated gnatcatcher (Polioptila schistaceigula) is a species of bird in the family Polioptilidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Panama.
Taxonomy and systematics
The slate-throated gnatcatcher is monotypic. It is apparently sister the Guianan gnatcatcher (Polioptila guaianensis) group and at one time it was suggested that they were conspecific.
Description
The slate-throated gnatcatcher is long and weighs approximately . Its crown, the sides of the head, and the upperparts are slate gray, darker on the back. Its cheeks are whitish, its throat and breast sooty, and its belly and flanks white. Its tail is mostly black with some white on the outermost feathers. The sexes are alike.
Distribution and habitat
The slate-throated gnatcatcher is found from central and eastern Panama south through western Colombia into northwestern Ecuador. It inhabits humid primary forest, mature secondary forest, and their borders. In elevation it mostly ranges up to .
Behavior
Feeding
The slate-throated gnatcatcher's diet is poorly known, but it is probably small arthropods like those of other Polioptila gnatcatchers. To feed it actively moves through the canopy and sub-canopy, and lower at the forest edges. It follows mixed-species foraging flocks singly or in pairs.
Breeding
No information has been published about the slate-throated gnatcatcher's breeding phenology.
Vocalization
The slate-throated gnatcatcher's most frequent vocalization is "a short, rather faint, ascending trill, 'trrrrrrt'" . It also has a nasal mewing call .
References
slate-throated gnatcatcher
Birds of Colombia
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
slate-throated gnatcatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
