Italian submarine Diaspro was a built for the Royal Italian Navy (Regia Marina) during the 1930s. She was named after a gemstone Jasper.
Design and description
The Perla-class submarines were essentially repeats of the preceding . The modifications that were made compared to the boats of the previous series were mostly of upgrade nature. Among them were enlargement of the false tower at the top, more modern engines, installation of a radiogoniometer that could be controlled from inside the ship. Improvements and the installation of new air conditioning equipment meant a slight increase in displacement, and increase in the fuel stowage also increased the autonomy of these boats compared to the previous series. Their designed full load displacement was surfaced and submerged, but varied somewhat depending on the boat and the builder. The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of to .
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft with overall power of . When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor. They could reach on the surface and underwater. On the surface, the Perla class had a range of at , submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with six internal torpedo tubes, four in the bow and two in the stern. One reload torpedo was carried for each tube, for a total of twelve. They were also armed with one deck gun for combat on the surface. The light anti-aircraft armament consisted of one or two pairs of machine guns.
Construction and career
Diaspro was built by CRDA at their shipyard in Trieste, laid on 29 September 1935, launched on 5 July 1936 and completed on 22 August 1936.
After delivery, Diaspro was assigned to the 35th Squadron (III Submarine Group) based at Messina. After a brief training, she carried out a long endurance cruise in the Mediterranean. During the Spanish Civil War she carried out two special missions under command of captain Giuseppe Mellina. During the first one, Diaspro sailed from Trapani on August 5, 1937, heading to patrol an area north of Cape Bon. During her patrol in the Strait of Sicily along the African coast, Diaspro attempted 25 attack attempts, and on August 13, 1937, launched torpedoes against two ships, one of them probably being the French cargo ship , but missed both times. Diaspro returned to Cagliari on August 15, 1937.
During the second one, Diaspro departed Naples on August 25 to patrol off Cape Oropesa. On September 1, 1937 Diaspro sighted near Benicarló a tanker heading to Alicante. Not being able to catch up with the ship underwater, Diaspro attacked the tanker on the surface by launching two torpedoes. The ship crew spotted them, managed to maneuver and avoid them altogether, and made an attempt to ram the submarine. Diaspro fired two more torpedoes which hit the ship in the middle and sank it. The captain of the submarine believed this was a 6987 GRT Republican tanker heading to Alicante under the presumably false name , as the crew appeared to be Romanian. In reality the ship was recently acquired by a British-based operator, and the tanker was carrying petroleum from Constanta to Valencia. Diaspro returned to Naples on September 5, 1937.
At the time of Italy's entrance into World War II Diaspro was assigned to the 72nd Squadron (VII Submarine group) based at Cagliari. Her first mission in Tyrrhenian Sea was uneventful.
In July 1940 she first patrolled northwest of Asinara and then off the island of La Galite.
In August 1940 she patrolled off Cap Bougaroûn.
On September 1, during British Operation "Hats" Diaspro was on patrol in an area between Cape Spartivento and the island of La Galite. She managed to close to within ten miles from the British Force H naval group but could not attack because it was detected and repeatedly attacked by the aircraft of British aircraft carrier and forcing the submarine to dive.
On November 9, 1940, she left Cagliari to patrol off the island of La Galite along with four other submarines with the task of intercepting a British convoy, part of Operation "Coat" but failed to sight any enemy ships.
On November 14, she was deployed along with submarines and as a screen to British force part of Operation "White". Located about 315 miles from the island of La Galite, she was only able to detect a minor ship from the British force, but failed to attack it.
On January 21, 1941 Diaspro and patrolled off the northern Tunisian coast.
Diaspro was on three missions in February, May and June 1941, east of the island of La Galite, about twenty miles north of Cape Blanc, and south of Sardinia, respectively, but without any success.
In the early afternoon of July 21, 1941 Diaspro under command of captain Antonio Dotta sailed from Cagliari to her area of operation about 55 miles off Cape Bougaroun. The next day she arrived at her station and began patrolling on the surface, submerging periodically to obtain a signal on the hydrophones. Finally, around 22:58, after seven hours of search and 45 miles of sailing she managed to close in on a British naval group. Diaspro closed in to within 1,000-1,300 meters and at 23:07 launched four bow torpedoes against cruisers, and two minutes later she fired two stern ones at a battleship and an air-carrier. Destroyer detected the first four torpedoes and warned other ships of danger, and the column made a starboard turn, avoiding torpedoes. Two stern torpedoes traveled harmlessly under the destroyer's hull, as they were set to run deeper to hit a larger ship. went on to launch depth charge attack against Diaspro, only causing minor damage to the submarine.
Between the end of July and the beginning of August 1941, Diaspro was deployed to patrol an area southwest of Sardinia with three other submarines to intercept a British convoy, part of Operation "Style" but she did not sight any ships. She was then relocated to patrol off the island of La Galite.
In September 1941, she was initially deployed off the island of La Galite. On September 28, she was deployed east of the Balearic Islands, southeast of Menorca as a screen against naval forces of British Operation Halberd however, British ships did not pass in those waters. She then received an order to move south, and in fact, at 6:17 on September 29, she sighted enemy ships about forty miles northwest of Philippeville in the position . Diaspro launched two torpedoes against destroyer , who however spotted torpedo wake, and maneuvered away from being hit.
On October 20, 1941, on a mission off Cape Fer, she sighted ships of Force K but could not attack them due to being too far away.
From April 1 to September 10, 1942 Diaspro was assigned to the Submarine School at Pula where she participated in 32 training missions before being reassigned to active duty at Cagliari.
On November 8, 1942 Diaspro was involved in an underwater collision with another Italian submarine , near Cape Bougaroun, while approaching her patrol sector. suffered serious damage, while Diaspro had only minor one that did not prevent her from continuing the mission. Four days later the submarine entered Bougie's harbor and from 1,000 meters launched four torpedoes at transport. The ship dodged all of them by maneuvering. A fifth torpedo was then launched, which exploded but there is no information about any ships being hit at this place and at this time. On November 12, 1942, Alberto Donato was appointed submarine's commander.
In December 1942, she patrolled off Bona, Algeria, entering the harbor on December 14 without achieving any results.
In May 1943 she patrolled west of Sardinia.
In July 1943 Diaspro was on patrol southwest of Sant'Antioco and in the morning of July 13, near Cape Fer, she sighted a large merchant ship accompanied by two corvettes. Diaspro launched four torpedoes, heard two explosions, but apparently no damage was dealt to the ship. Diaspro was then depth charged by one of the corvettes without causing any damage to the submarine. The next day the submarine returned to Cagliari.
On August 18, 1943, off Stromboli she unsuccessfully launched two torpedoes against two British destroyers. Next day, while on her way to Naples, Diaspro intercepted two destroyers and at 23:23 launched four electric torpedoes at them. Approximately one hour after the attack, Diaspro could observe that one of the destroyers was in trouble, sitting dead in water, but she could not repeat the attack as she had run out of torpedoes.
On September 7, 1943, as part of the Zeta Plan, Diaspro was deployed along with ten other submarines in the Tyrrhenian Sea, first in the Gulf of Salerno, then off Gaeta to intercept an anticipated Anglo-American landing in southern Italy. On September 8, 1943 Diaspro was still deployed in the Tyrrhenian Sea when she received an order to cease the hostilities. After the announcement of the Armistice she spent three days at sea, in doubt whether or not to surrender to the Allies in Bona. Captain Donato finally decided to obey the orders, after consulting with the commanders of two other submarines. Diaspro had to go to Cagliari first she had problems with the engines that needed to be repaired.
In March 1944 after the repairs were completed she moved to Taranto where she served in mostly training role for Italian sailors.
On July 17, 1944, under command of Emilio Botta she was sent on a mission to transport and land a group of spies: they were landed in two groups, the first in Zante and the second one in Kefalonia, then Diaspro returned to Brindisi on July 22.
From April to August 1945, she was used for an anti-submarine training of allied ships, while based in Malta.
Disarmed at Taranto at the end of the conflict, she was struck on February 1, 1948, and demolished.
Notes
References
External links
Coastal submarines: Perla class
Perla-class submarines
World War II submarines of Italy
1936 ships
Ships built by Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico
Ships built in Monfalcone
Cecidipta is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Carlos Berg in 1877, and is known from Brazil.
Species
Cecidipta cecidiptoides
Cecidipta excoecariae Berg, 1877
Cecidipta major (Amsel, 1956)
Cecidipta teffealis (Schaus, 1922)
References
Epipaschiinae
Pyralidae genera
Lissotis is a genus of bird in the bustard family, Otididae. Some authorities, such as the IUCN, consider it part of Eupodotis; the separation adopted here follows the Handbook of the Birds of the World.
It contains the following species, both restricted to Africa:
References
Taxa named by Ludwig Reichenbach
Mungo Olayipo Oladapo Erogbogbo Bridge (born 12 September 2000) is an English footballer who plays as a defender, most recently for Premier League club Aston Villa having graduated from their academy.
Career
Bridge was named in Villa's starting line-up for his senior debut on 8 January 2021 in an FA Cup third round tie against Liverpool.
On 6 July 2021, Bridge was amongst several Academy players who were given new professional contracts.
On 31 August 2021, Aston Villa announced Bridge would be joining Championnat National club Annecy for the 2021–22 season. On 4 October 2021, Bridge made his debut in French football as a late substitute in a 2–0 league victory over Villefranche Beaujolais. Bridge struggled for appearances at Annecy, due to a knee injury suffered the season before. In the first half of the season, Bridge only started one game in the Coupe de France, 3–2 defeat to Rumilly-Vallières on 17 October 2021 and made two substitute appearances in the league. In January 2022, returned to England, while still on loan with Annecy, to receive treatment and rehab. His loan was officially cancelled on 27 January 2022.
On 10 June 2022, Bridge was released by Aston Villa.
In August 2022, Bridge joined Bristol Rovers on trial basis, but was not offered a permanent contract.
Personal life
Born in England, Bridge is of Nigerian descent.
Career statistics
References
2000 births
Living people
English footballers
People from Daventry
Association football defenders
English sportspeople of Nigerian descent
Aston Villa F.C. players
FC Annecy players
Championnat National players
Black British sportspeople
English expatriate footballers
English expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Menzy Coco (born December 22, 1989) is a Mauritian footballer who currently plays for Curepipe Starlight in the Mauritian League as a midfielder.
Career
Senior career
Coco started off his professional career in 2010 with ASPL 2000.
International career
Coco earned his first cap for Mauritius in October 2010 in an AFCON qualifying match against Senegal. His second cap came in March 2011, in another AFCON qualifier, against DR Congo.
References
External links
Living people
1989 births
Mauritian footballers
Mauritius international footballers
AS Port-Louis 2000 players
Mauritian Premier League players
Curepipe Starlight SC players
Association football midfielders
The 1986 Bromley Council election took place on 8 May 1986 to elect members of Bromley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1986
1986 London Borough council elections
is a text-based adventure video game developed and published by Sunsoft for the Famicom Disk System in Japan on November 20, 1986.
Plot
In the space calendar 0385, the Earth suffers from overpopulation and humans start to build space colonies. Cark, the protagonist, works for the Earth Federation's space development office. He is a brilliant engineer in space physics and is working for the Sirius third planet colony. He gets engaged to his girlfriend Mary, but they have to postpone their wedding. Five months later, Cark, accompanied by his robot Carry, decides to visit Mary and prepare the ceremony at last. But when he arrives at the space station where she is in, everything is quiet. Then a beam of light hits him. He wakes up sometimes later, inside a sort of underground graveyard, with pieces of dismantled robots surrounding him (including from SunSoft's unreleased Nintendo Vs. Series title of the same name).
Gameplay
The player proceeds through the game by choosing from a selection of text menu commands. Like any traditional digital comic/text adventure games, a large view shows the surroundings. The bottom of the screen proposes simple action commands, like see, take or push; however, the game is entirely in Japanese (although it uses katakana exclusively). One of the original features of the game is to use real sampled sound in some places, which was very unusual for the time.
A complete English fan translation patch was released in November 2019.
Reception and legacy
Dead Zone received a score of 23 out of 40 from Famicom Tsūshin (Famitsu).
Cark and Carry from Dead Zone have made appearances in a few games, including Nazoler Land 3 (1988), the strategy game Barcode World (1992) for Famicom (as SD characters), and the puzzle game Shanghai Musume: Mahjong Girls (2011) for iOS and Android.
References
External links
1986 video games
Adventure games
Famicom Disk System games
Famicom Disk System-only games
Japan-exclusive video games
Sunsoft games
Video games scored by Naoki Kodaka
Video games developed in Japan
Robert K. Bing (born July 8, 1930) was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 33rd Mayor of Burlington, Vermont.
Life
On July 8, 1930 Robert K. Bing was born to Katherine Ryan Seaver and Chester K. Bing in Colchester, Vermont. In 1948, Bing graduated from Montpelier High School and then served in the navy for one year. In 1952 he married Geraldine Johnson. In 1953, Bing graduated from the University of Vermont and in 1956 he graduated from Yale Law School. In October 1956, Bing was admitted to Vermont's bar and became District Court Judge Ernest W. Gibson Jr.'s law secretary. In 1958, he was the Republican nominee for Chittenden County state's attorney, but was defeated. In 1960, Bing was selected as one of thirty alternate delegates to the Vermont Republican state convention.
On February 13, 1961 the Republican city committee gave Bing the nomination for mayor and on March 7 he defeated incumbent Democratic Mayor James E. Fitzpatrick with 4,953 votes to 4,024 votes and every ward except for Ward 4-1, despite having never held an elected office nor being involved in city politics prior to the mayoral race. During Bing's tenure, he supported the city government using a strong-mayor system rather than a weak-mayor system. He later announced that he would not seek reelection and endorsed Alderman Edward A. Keenan.
In 1965, Bing was appointed as wing commander for the Vermont Wing Civil Air Patrol. In 1969 he was elected as president of the Vermont Bar Association and Governor Deane C. Davis appointed him as executive director of the Commission on Crime Control and Prevention and served until his resignation in 1971. In 1971, Bing was the campaign manager of Frank Dion's unsuccessful mayoral campaign, Dion had been his campaign manager in 1961, against Gordon Paquette. In 1993, he congratulated Peter C. Brownell for his upset victory against Peter Clavelle in the mayoral race.
References
1930 births
Mayors of Burlington, Vermont
Vermont Republicans
20th-century American politicians
Living people
Sir Vincent Litchfield Raven, KBE (3 December 1859 – 14 February 1934) was an English railway engineer, and was chief mechanical engineer of the North Eastern Railway from 1910 to 1922.
Biography
Vincent Raven was born the son of a clergyman at Great Fransham rectory in Norfolk and educated at Aldenham School in Hertfordshire. In 1877 he began his career with the North Eastern Railway as a pupil of the then Locomotive Superintendent, Edward Fletcher. By 1893 he had achieved the post of Assistant Mechanical Engineer to Wilson Worsdell who was then the Locomotive Superintendent.
In this post he was involved for the first time with an electrification project, as the N.E.R. was electrifying the North Tyneside suburban route in 1904. This was a third rail system at 600 volts DC.
Steam locomotives
In 1910 he became Chief Mechanical Engineer on Wilson Worsdell's retirement (The title of the post had changed from Locomotive Superintendent in 1902). Raven developed some of Worsdell's designs for steam locomotives, like the T2 0-8-0 freight locomotive, as well as introducing designs of his own. In particular he favoured a 3-cylinder design with the locomotives driving on the leading coupled axle. This was applied to a series of locomotives, class S3, a mixed traffic 4-6-0, class Y, a 4-6-2T tank engine for freight work, class D, a 4-4-4T tank engine for passenger work, class Z, a 4-4-2 'Atlantic' for express passenger work, and the LNER Class A2 4-6-2, a 'Pacific' for express passenger work. The most memorable of these was the class Z Atlantics which had a reputation for speed and good riding on East Coast Main Line expresses north of York.
The 3 cylinder principle was also applied to class X, a heavy freight 4-8-0T tank engine, but this had a divided drive with the inside cylinder driving the second axle and the outside cylinders driving the third axle. The class T3 was also three cylinders with all cylinders driving the second axle of this heavy freight 0-8-0.
Electrification
Shildon–Newport
Raven was a great advocate of electrification, and in 1915, a section of line was electrified between Shildon in the south west Durham Coalfield and Newport, on Teesside, with the intention of improving performance on coal trains from Shildon to Middlesbrough. For this, he introduced electrification at 1500 volts DC with overhead wires. Ten centre cab electric locomotives of 1100 horsepower were built at Darlington Works for this, numbered in a series from 3 to 12 (1 and 2 were a different design of 1902 for the Tyneside electrification at 600 volts DC).
York–Newcastle
Following the success of the Shildon–Newport scheme, Raven set about planning the electrification of the main line from York to Newcastle, also at 1500 volts DC. Both third rail and overhead power supply systems were considered and some experiments were done with dummy collector shoes fitted to the bogie of a steam locomotive to assess the mechanical performance at speed. In the end, the overhead system was selected.
A prototype passenger loco was built in 1922 at Darlington for this, NER No. 13, which was a new design of and a 2-Co-2 (4-6-4) wheel arrangement. Although successfully tested between Newport and Shildon using the overhead power supply, No. 13 was destined to be unlucky as it never did the job for which it was designed. The reorganisation of Britain's railways in 1923 led to the abandonment of the electrification plans by the successor company, the LNER.
Decline of electric traction
After the grouping, the proposed electrification of the East Coast Main Line was quickly abandoned, although it was electrified by British Rail in the late 1980s. The Shildon–Newport electrification reverted to steam haulage in 1935. Falling traffic levels and the need to replace the overhead equipment were cited as the reasons.
The EF1 electric freight locomotives went into store, and lasted until 1950, when they were all scrapped except No 11. The EE1 express passenger locomotive No 13 was also scrapped in 1950, having spent most of its life in storage, but one of the ES1 shunting locomotives is preserved.
No 11 was rebuilt for use on the Woodhead route of the Manchester–Sheffield–Wath electric railway and re-classified EB1. It was never used on this scheme, but found work as a shunter at Ilford until 1964 when it was scrapped.
Steam survival
The steam classes fared better, most lasting into nationalisation in 1948. Class Z all were scrapped by the early 1950s. The S3s lasted well, some being rebuilt with different boilers and new cylinders. The class D tank engines were rebuilt by the LNER as 4-6-2 tank engines and lasted into the very early 1960s when they were replaced by diesel units. The freight classes also lasted well, the class Y tanks going before 1960 and the class X and T3 lasting a little longer. The rugged, reliable and simple T2s lasted until the end of steam locomotive use in North East England, in September 1967. they were, along with the Worsdell designed P3s, the last pre-grouping locomotives in use in Britain. Two Raven steam locomotives survive in preservation, a T2 No 2238 (currently in running order as No. 63395 in British Railways paintwork) and No. 901, the pioneer T3, the only surviving loco of Raven's 3 cylinder design.
World War I and after
At the direction of the prime minister, David Lloyd George, in September 1915 Raven was appointed as superintendent of the Royal Arsenal, Woolwich in order to oversee the production of munitions for the Great War. Within three months, Lloyd George was able to report to the House of Commons that output had risen by 60 to 80 percent, despite an increase in the size of the workforce of only 23 percent. For his efforts, Raven was awarded a knighthood in 1917.
At the Grouping of the railways in 1923, the post of chief mechanical engineer for the London and North Eastern Railway was given to Nigel Gresley of the Great Northern Railway, with Raven becoming a technical adviser. He resigned in 1924 and was appointed to the Royal Commission on New South Wales Government Railways, in company with Sir Sam Fay.
Raven died on 14 February 1934 after heart trouble whilst on holiday with Lady Raven in Felixstowe.
In 1883, Raven married Gifford Allan Crichton, and in the years 1883-9 fathered four children (Constance Gifford, Guendolen Edith, Norman Vincent, and Frederick Gifford). Edward Thompson was Raven's son-in-law (married Guendolen in 1913).
References
Sources
External links
1859 births
1934 deaths
English mechanical engineers
English railway mechanical engineers
Locomotive builders and designers
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
North Eastern Railway (UK) people
People educated at Aldenham School
Mecistophylla spodoptera is a species of snout moth in the genus Mecistophylla. It was described by Oswald Bertram Lower in 1907 and is known from Queensland, Australia.
References
Moths described in 1907
Tirathabini
Ben Weyts (born 12 November 1970) is a Belgian politician of the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA). He has been a Vice Minister-President of Flanders in the Jambon Government since 2019, and serves as the Flemish minister for Animal Welfare, the Brussels Periphery, Education, and Sport. He previously served in the Homans and Bourgeois governments from 2014 to 2019. He was a member of the Chamber of Representatives from 2008 to 2014.
Notes
Living people
1970 births
Government ministers of Flanders
Members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
New Flemish Alliance politicians
Politicians from Leuven
Ghent University alumni
21st-century Belgian politicians
People's Union (Belgium) politicians
Wer wird Millionär? was a Swiss game show based on the original British format of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?. It was hosted by René Rindlisbacher. The show was broadcast from 27 March 2000 to 2001. It was shown on the Swiss TV station TV3.
The main goal of the show was to win 1 million CHF by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. There were three 'lifelines': fifty-fifty, phoning a friend, and asking the audience. The biggest prize won on the show was 500,000 CHF, won by Hans Frauchiger.
From 29 November to 13 December 2011, Swiss TV station 3+ resumed the show with slight changes: the lifeline 'ask the audience' was replaced by 'ask the experts' and the candidate needs to choose at the beginning of the game whether he plays the save or the risky variant. If he chooses the risky variant, he gets a fourth lifeline, 'switch the question', but loses the second guaranteed sum.
Money tree
References
Article about the show (weltwoche.ch)
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?
Swiss television series
2000 Swiss television series debuts
2001 Swiss television series endings
2011 Swiss television series debuts
2000s Swiss television series
2010s Swiss television series
German-language television shows
Baker Street Babes is an-all female Sherlockian group who host the web's first all-female Sherlock Holmes podcast. There are eleven members of the group, including Edgar Award-nominated author Lyndsay Faye, a collective devoid of a president or a leader. They consider themselves "a bridge between older Sherlockians and young, tech-savvy enthusiasts" and they have been described as being "at the center of online Sherlock fandom."
The various members of the group generate a podcast, blog, and Tumblr.
Podcast
The podcast began in May 2011 and initially consisted of Kristina Manente, Ardy from Germany and Katherine from England. The group has since added eight other members from various locations around the world including the United States and France.
There have been 85 episodes as of the end of 2018 covering various aspects of Sherlockiana and Sherlock fandom including interviews with New York Times bestselling author Laurie R. King, actress Lara Pulver who plays Irene Adler on the BBC's Sherlock, and actress Amanda Abbington who plays Mary Morstan on Sherlock.
They were finalists for a podcaster award at the 6th Annual Shorty Awards in 2014.
Activities
At the 2013 San Diego Comic-Con, the Baker Street Babes co-hosted "SherlockeDCC" which featured attendees Mark Gatiss, Sue Vertue, and Steven Moffat.
Two members were interviewed on NBC's The Today Show in 2012.
The Baker Street Babes organized a "well-attended dinner" at the 2014 annual Sherlock Holmes celebration held in Manhattan by The Baker Street Irregulars and hosted a costume ball at the 2018 celebration.
References
Sources
External links
Audio podcasts
Internet properties established in 2011
Literary fan clubs
Sherlock Holmes
2011 podcast debuts
Dichogama fernaldi is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Puerto Rico.
References
Moths described in 1890
Dichogamini
Zeke Pusteinick was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1957.
References
1930s births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Living people
Roberto Frassinelli (1811–1887) was a German archaeologist, naturalist, bibliophile, and draftsman.
1811 births
1887 deaths
German artists
Archaeologists from Baden-Württemberg
Nils Johan Rud (24 July 1908 – 7 June 1993) was a Norwegian novelist, writer of short stories, children's writer, and a magazine editor. He is particularly known for his long-term period as editor of the magazine Arbeidermagasinet / Magasinet For Alle.
Personal life
Nils Johan Rud was born in Ringsaker as the son of Mons Nilsen Rud and Emma Johanne Nergaard. He married Aase Gudlaug Hellum in 1934, and is the father of Jazz drummer Espen Rud. He died in Asker in 1993.
Career
Rud published the children's book Gutter på skoggang in 1928, and continued writing children's books. In 1930 came Karsemne, in 1931 Skaugumtrollet, and Tusser og troll in 1934. He wrote Stifinner in 1935, and Et riktig mannfolk in 1936, all books for children. The book Alle tiders største was about sports, and Rud was involved as an administrator in the club IF Frisk Asker. His first novel was Vi skal ha et barn from 1933, while his breakthrough was Jeg er ingen proletar from 1935. Among his other novels were Oppfordring til dans (1957) and Eirene (1966). He wrote more than forty books during his career. His novel Ekko i det gamle tun from 1982 won first prize in a novel competition. His last book was the novel En fremmed i speilet from 1993. In addition to his novels Rud wrote a large number of short stories. Among his short story collections were Fri Jord from 1945, and Det var en lørdag aften from 1959. he was a recognized author, being a board member of the Norwegian Authors' Union from 1936 to 1945.
Before working in the press, Rud had a number of other jobs. He worked as an apprentice at a soda factory and a tailor's workshop, and as a gardener and salesman. From 1931 to 1932 he edited the local newspaper Asker Blad. Rud then edited the magazine Arbeidermagasinet (later renamed Magasinet for Alle) from 1932 to 1970. The magazine was especially noted for its literary quality and its promotion of the short story. As an editor of this magazine Rud read and commented on more than 100,000 manuscripts.
Rud was awarded Gyldendal's Endowment in 1947, and again in 1974. From 1961 he was given the state grant for artists. He received the Dobloug Prize in 1979. He received the Arts Council Norway Honorary Award in 1987 and the Alf Prøysen memorial fund in 1988. He was decorated Knight, First Class of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1971.
Selected works
(children's book)
(children's book)
(children's book)
(novel)
(novel)
(children's book)
(novel)
(children's book)
(novel)
(children's book)
(novel)
(novel)
(collection)
(novel)
(novel)
(collection)
(novel)
(collection)
(novel)
(collection)
(collection)
(novel)
(collection)
(collection)
(novel)
(collection)
(collection)
(novel)
(collection)
(novel)
(collection)
(novel)
(novel)
(collection)
(novel)
References
1908 births
1993 deaths
People from Ringsaker
People from Asker
Norwegian magazine editors
Norwegian short story writers
Norwegian children's writers
Dobloug Prize winners
20th-century Norwegian novelists
20th-century Norwegian male writers
Mick Fleming may refer to:
Mick Fleming, former president of the Association of Chamber of Commerce Executives
Mick Fleming (Gaelic footballer)
The Jeep Comanche (designated MJ) is a pickup truck variant of the Cherokee compact SUV (1984–2001) manufactured and marketed by Jeep for model years 1986-1992 in rear wheel (RWD) and four-wheel drive (4WD) models as well as two cargo bed lengths: six-foot (1.83 metres) and seven-foot (2.13 metres).
Introduction
During the mid-1980s, according to AMC chairman W. Paul Tippett Jr. "People are finding trucks a reasonable and sophisticated alternative to cars." To satisfy the demand and to compete with Japanese competitors, both AMC and Chrysler were preparing compact pickups for the 1986 and 1987 model years (respectively). Also at this time the financial health of AMC was poor and the automaker was in need of cash as it was preparing a new line of midsize sedans (the Eagle Premier) scheduled to be produced at a factory being built in Canada (Brampton Assembly), but the best thing the company had going for it was its popular line of Jeeps and introducing a compact Jeep pickup truck in the fall of 1985 was expected to help.
The Jeep Comanche was introduced in mid-August 1985, at a lavish event staged at the ballroom of the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino (currently Bally's Las Vegas) for AMC's over 1,500 North American dealers. American Motors included Chinese officials as part of the negotiations establishing Beijing Jeep (now Beijing Benz). The goal was to produce and sell Comanches in China through this joint venture.
The new trucks were unveiled by Jose Dedeurwaerder, an engineer and international business executive with 23 years of experience with Renault, who had just been appointed as AMC's new president. The base price of the two-wheel drive model was $7,049 (adjusted only for inflation equal to US$ in dollars), making it the lowest priced Jeep model for the 1986 model year.
Design
American Motors' Jeep designers based the Comanche MJ body, styling, engineering, and drivetrain on the XJ Cherokee, which had been introduced for the 1984 model year. The Comanche had a somewhat more conventional body-on-frame design behind the cab and a removable cargo box, but retained the unibody construction of the Cherokee in the front half of the vehicle. In the United States where the Comanche and Dodge Rampage were sold they are both considered pickup trucks. By contrast, in other markets the Volkswagen Rabbit Pickup was called the Volkswagen Caddy and considered a coupe utility, not a truck because the cargo bed is an integral part of the body structure and not removable. However this is not the legal definition of truck in the United States where the Comanche, Rampage and Rabbit were all sold.
Two cargo bed lengths were used; one for the seven-foot long-bed model, which appeared first in 1986, and a second, shorter version for the six-foot cargo bed, which debuted for the 1987 model year. Unlike other pickups of the time that used C-channel frames, the Comanche's frame design (called a "Uniframe" by Jeep) under the cargo bed was fully boxed, with a large X structure centered over the rear axle. For strength, the rails were over eight inches deep (top to bottom), much deeper than conventional midsize truck frames (1983 Jeep J-10 full-size truck frame is 6.75 inches at the deepest point). This structure was pioneered by AMC for the 1971 "Cowboy" compact pickup prototype.
From 1986 to 1987, the Jeep Comanche grille had ten slots in a similar configuration to the 1984-1987 Cherokee XJ, while from 1988 to 1992, this configuration changed to eight slots to match with the SUV. A new "4x4" badge, similar to those found on the Cherokee and Wagoneer models, was affixed to the upper rear of the cargo box on all the four-wheel drive models.
After the Chrysler buyout of American Motors for $1.5 billion on March 9, 1987, designed to capture "the highly profitable Jeep vehicles ... and 1,400 additional dealers", the Jeep Comanche, like the similar Cherokee, received only minor changes. These were primarily to improve reliability and parts interchangeability with other Chrysler-built vehicles.
Suspension
The Comanche used the XJ Cherokee's "Quadralink" front suspension, with coil springs and upper/lower control arms on a solid axle. It was argued that the coil springs allowed for greater ride comfort and axle articulation during off-road excursions. A track bar (Panhard rod) is used to keep the axle centered under the truck. Modified versions of this same basic suspension system were later used on the 1993-2004 Grand Cherokee, 1997 and newer TJ Wranglers and 1994 and newer Dodge Rams.
For the rear suspension, the truck used leaf springs that are considerably longer than the Cherokee's, which give Comanches good load-carrying capacity without creating a hard ride. The standard rear axle was the same Dana 35 used in the Cherokee, except that the Comanche mounted the leaf springs underneath the axle, as do most other trucks, and the Cherokee mounted them on top of the axle. There was also a heavy duty Metric Ton package for the long-bed models. The package included heavier-duty leaf springs and wheels, larger tires, and upgraded the rear axle to a Dana 44, which increased the stock payload (cargo) capacity from , well above that of any other mid-size truck. The Metric Ton Comanche's payload rating was higher than that of many full-size pickups.
Drivetrain
The inaugural 1986 model year Comanches could be equipped with one of three engines: AMC's 2.5 L four-cylinder as standard, with General Motors' 2.8 L V6 or Renault's 2.1 L I4 turbo diesel available as options. In base trim the four-cylinder engine was backed by a four-speed manual transmission, with either a five-speed manual or three-speed TorqueFlite A904 automatic built by Chrysler as an option. The V6 engine was available with either the five-speed manual or the automatic, while the turbodiesel was only available with the five-speed.
The V6 was the same engine used in the competing Chevrolet S-10, and equipped with a two-barrel Rochester carburetor instead of the four-cylinder's electronic throttle-body fuel injection system the optional six-cylinder was slightly less powerful than the standard four. The V6 thus offered little performance advantage over the base engine while penalizing the owner with poorer fuel economy. In the truck's second year on the market the V6 was replaced by AMC's new fuel-injected 4.0 L straight-six that developed and : 50% more power and 47% more torque than the previous V6. The new six-cylinder was also more fuel-efficient. The performance of the base 2.5 L engine was also improved with a new air intake, raising peak output to 121 hp and 141 lb⋅ft. The slow-selling turbodiesel option was dropped during the model year.
Concurrent with introduction of the new straight-six a new four-speed automatic built by Aisin-Warner replaced the former Chrysler three-speed. The 30-40LE featured electronic controls with a switch on the dashboard allowing the driver to choose between two performance modes: "Power", in which the transmission downshifts more quickly and upshifts at higher rpm during hard acceleration, and "Comfort", in which the upshifts are made at lower engine speeds to conserve fuel and reduce engine noise and vibration.
In 1988 output of the 4.0 L engine was improved slightly to 177 hp and 224 lb⋅ft.
Chrysler purchased AMC in 1987, and by the 1991 model year adapted their own engine control electronics to replace the original Renix systems used with the 2.5 L and 4.0 L engines. Power and torque in both engines improved as a result, with the four-cylinder having an additional 9 hp and 8 lb⋅ft and the six-cylinder improving by 1 lb⋅ft and 13 hp. The 4.0 L was badged "High Output" thereafter. As a result of the power improvements the Aisin-Warner automatic transmission's output shaft was changed from 21 splines to 23, and the "Power-Comfort" switch was deleted. The four-cylinder was no longer available with the automatic in 1991 and 1992.
During the production life of the Comanche six different transmissions were offered, manufactured by Aisin, Chrysler, and Peugeot. Chrysler provided the aforementioned TorqueFlite 904 three-speed automatic in 1986 models. In addition to the aforementioned 30-40LE four-speed automatic Aisin also provided the AX-4 (four-speed), AX-5 and AX-15 (five-speed overdrive) manual transmissions. The AX-15 was phased in midway through the 1989 model year to replace the Peugeot BA10/5 five-speed that had been used behind the 4.0 L engine from its introduction in 1987.
Comanches were available in either two or four-wheel-drive, with solid axles front and rear (two-wheel-drive Comanches used a simple beam axle with otherwise the same front suspension as four-wheel-drive models). Transfer cases were built by New Process Gear, and the Comanche was available with either part-time "Command-Trac" or full-time "Selec-Trac" systems. In 1986 Command-Trac transfer cases were model NP207 and Selec-Trac were NP228, both with a 2.61:1 low gear ratios. In 1987 the NP207 was replaced with the NP231 and NP228 was replaced with the NP242, both with 2.72:1 low gears. These remained the same through the rest of the Comanche's production.
Engines
Transmissions
Trims
By model year availability:
1986 - Custom - The most basic Comanche trim that could be ordered.
1986 - X - One of the more "basic" trims of the Comanche.
1986 - XLS - A "step-up" version of the more "basic" Comanche trims.
1987-1992 - Base (SporTruck) - Became the most basic trim of the Comanche after 1986.
1988- Olympic Edition - Based on the Pioneer trim to commemorate the 1988 Summer Olympics and Team U.S.A. .
1987-1988 - Chief - Added more standard equipment to the base-level Comanche trims.
1987-1990 - Laredo - The top-of-the-line and most "up-level" trim on the Comanche.
1987-1992 - Pioneer - A "step-up" version of the base Comanche trim.
1988-1992 - Eliminator - The "sporty" Comanche trim.
Phaseout and aborted name revival
The decision to phase out the Jeep Comanche "came from a combination of two factors— low sales and Chrysler's attempts to make the Jeep brand fit into the Chrysler hierarchy of Plymouth, Dodge, and Chrysler models" with Jeep housing SUVs and Dodge making trucks.
As sales dropped, the Comanche was planned for discontinuation. In 1990, the National Council of Jeep-Eagle dealers asked Chrysler to discontinue the Comanche, and allow them to sell a version of the Dodge Dakota pickup.
The company decided to cease production of the Comanche on June 12, 1992, after only a few thousand more trucks rolled off the Toledo, Ohio, assembly line. A total of 190,446 Comanches were made during its production run.
Following the discontinuation of the Comanche, the Dodge Ramcharger would be dropped outside of Mexico shortly afterwards as part of Chrysler's plans to have Dodge sell pickup trucks and Jeep sell SUVs. Despite that, Dodge would later re-enter the SUV field with the Dodge Durango in 1998 at the height of the initial SUV boom and at one point would offer three SUVs or crossovers (Durango, Journey and Nitro, the latter being a rebadged version of the Jeep Liberty (KK)) while Jeep didn't offer any pickup trucks. Dodge itself would stop offering pickup trucks in 2011 when the Ram Trucks brand was spun-off from Dodge, taking the Dodge Ram and Dakota with it.
Jeep re-entered the pickup truck market in early 2019 with the Wrangler-based Jeep Gladiator. Jeep actually considered reviving the Comanche name alongside Gladiator and most commonly Scrambler, as well as simply using a new name, before deciding on Gladiator, feeling it fits that truck the best; sensitivity to the Native Americans (specifically the Comanche tribe) and much less brand recognition compared to Jeep's decades-long use of "Cherokee" for the Jeep Cherokee and Grand Cherokee also likely played factors. The new Gladiator will serve as a 27-year later replacement for the Comanche.
Production numbers:
1985: 29,245
1986: 33,386
1987: 43,070
1988: 43,718
1989: 25,311
1990: 9,576
1991: 5,188
1992: 952
Notes
References
External links
ComancheClub Site dedicated to Jeep MJs
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Comanche
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Pickup trucks
1990s cars
Cars introduced in 1985
Motor vehicles manufactured in the United States
Cars powered by longitudinal 4-cylinder engines
Tropical Storm Sanba, known in the Philippines as Tropical Storm Basyang, was a weak tropical cyclone that affected southern and central parts of the Philippines in mid-February 2018. Sanba developed as a tropical depression in the open Pacific Ocean on February 8. The system moved generally westward while slowly developing, finally attaining tropical storm status on February 11. Soon after, wind shear caused the system to lose organization and remain as a minimal tropical storm through February 11 and 12. During this time, Sanba moved westwards then west-northwestwards, making landfall over northeastern Mindanao on February 13. The system weakened into a tropical depression before making another landfall in southeastern Negros later that day. After traversing the Philippine Islands, Sanba failed to reorganize significantly in the Sulu Sea and dissipated two days later west of Palawan.
As a developing system, Sanba brought minor flooding to Palau. From February 12 to 16, Sanba caused heavy rains, floods, and landslides across the southern and central Philippines, affecting over 250,000 people. About 40,000 people sought shelter in evacuation centers. More than 1,600 houses were damaged or destroyed. Power outages occurred in five places. Ports were closed and flights cancelled because of adverse weather conditions, which also caused damage to roads and bridges. Schools and workplaces were shut as Sanba passed over the Philippines. A total of 15 people were killed, mostly by flooded rivers and landslides, and 16 others were injured. Crop damage reached ₱168 million (US$ million).
Meteorological history
Sanba originated from a tropical disturbance that developed about 1,050 mi (1,690 km) southeast of Guam on February 6. The system was initially disorganized and broad, with little thunderstorm activity. Amid generally favorable environmental conditions consisting of warm sea surface temperatures around and moderate wind shear, the disturbance began to develop rainbands and a more well-defined circulation. At 00:00 UTC on February 8, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) deemed the system to have consolidated into a tropical depression. At this time, the system was tracking northwest around a subtropical ridge to the northeast, but soon turned west then southwest as another subtropical ridge to the northwest of the depression strengthened. Over the next day, moderate wind shear kept the depression relatively disorganized, with the circulation remaining elongated. A burst of convection developed over the system on February 10 as it turned to the west, leading the United States-based Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) to also declare that the system had become a tropical depression at 12:00 UTC. The system quickly increased in organization over the next few hours, with extensive rainbands wrapping into the circulation from the north. As a result, the JTWC and JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm on February 11 at 00:00 UTC and 06:00 UTC respectively, with the latter naming the system Sanba. At 06:00 UTC, the JMA assessed Sanba to have winds of 40 mph (65 km/h) and a minimum pressure of 1000 hPa (mbar; 29.53 inHg), while the JTWC estimated winds of 45 mph (75 km/h).
The convective organization of Sanba quickly unraveled over the remainder of February 11, as wind shear caused the storm's low-level circulation center to become exposed. The system entered the Philippine Area of Responsibility before 14:00 UTC, upon which the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) gave it the local name Basyang. Despite the warm ocean waters of the Philippine Sea and strong outflow channels facilitating thunderstorm development, wind shear kept convection displaced to the northwest of Sanba's center. This meant Sanba stayed as a minimal tropical storm as it headed west-northwest towards Mindanao. On February 13, at around 01:15 UTC, Sanba made landfall in Cortes, Surigao del Sur as a tropical storm. The terrain of the Philippines weakened the system to a tropical depression shortly after. Sanba made a second landfall in Dumaguete City, Negros Oriental at 13:00 UTC, before exiting into the Sulu Sea. Despite conducive sea surface temperatures near , Sanba's circulation was significantly disrupted by the mountains of the Philippines; the JTWC determined that the system's circulation was no longer closed by 18:00 UTC on February 13. A strong outflow channel briefly assisted convection to develop near Sanba's center on February 14 as the low-level circulation reorganized, and the JTWC assessed that Sanba briefly restrengthened into a tropical depression at around 15:00 UTC. Soon after, strong southeasterly wind shear removed thunderstorm activity from the center once again, leading the JTWC to declare Sanba to have degenerated into a tropical disturbance for the final time. The JMA continued to track the system as a tropical depression until February 16, when they declared that Sanba dissipated as a tropical cyclone at 12:00 UTC over the South China Sea.
Effects
Micronesia
Shortly after Sanba's formation, the National Weather Service in Guam issued a tropical storm watch for western parts of Yap State, encompassing Fais, Ulithi, Yap, and Ngulu. The tropical storm watch was extended to Kayangel and Koror in Palau on February 10. The next day, a tropical storm warning was issued for Kayangel and Koror. The tropical storm watches in Yap State were subsequently cancelled as Sanba passed to the south. All warnings were discontinued on February 12. The system brought only mild tropical storm conditions and minor flooding to Palau, with no significant damage reported.
Philippines
Just before Sanba entered the Philippine Area of Responsibility on February 11, the PAGASA issued Tropical Cyclone Warning Signal (TCWS) #1 for the Dinagat Islands and three provinces in Mindanao. This was extended to another seven provinces in Mindanao and two provinces in the Visayas early on February 12. For the rest of the day, the warning area continued to expand over most of Mindanao and southern parts of the Visayas, while eight provinces in Mindanao saw their warnings upgraded to TCWS #2. On the morning of February 13, TCWS #2 was issued for five provinces in the Visayas, and TCWS #1 was issued for the Cuyo Islands and southern Masbate. TCWS #2 was cancelled later that day as Sanba weakened into a tropical depression, while Palawan went under TCWS #1. The warnings were gradually lifted as Sanba crossed the Sulu Sea, with no remaining warnings by the afternoon of February 14.
Sanba brought rain and wind to 254,859 people across 17 provinces of the Philippines. Around 40,000 residents sought refuge from landslides and floods in 194 evacuation centers. Port closures stranded up to 4,642 passengers and 130 ships across Northern Mindanao and the Eastern and Southern Visayas. Thirty-two domestic flights were cancelled from February 12 to 16. Classes were suspended in 362 municipalities from February 12 to 15, while workplaces in Butuan were closed from February 12 to 13. Heavy rain from Sanba caused flooding in 163 barangays. A total of 1,660 houses were damaged, of which 429 were completely destroyed; most of the homes damaged were in Caraga. Siargao Island, Silay City, Carmen municipality in Bohol, and the municipalities of Culaba and Kawayan in Biliran were affected by power outages from February 12 to 13. Twenty-two roads and eight bridges were damaged by floods and landslides. Five people were killed by landslides in Carrascal, Surigao del Sur. In Surigao del Norte, four people drowned in swollen rivers and one was killed by a landslide. A rockslide killed a toddler in Albuera, Leyte. Three fishermen drowned in rough seas near Borongan City in Eastern Samar. In total, 15 fatalities resulted from Sanba's passage through the country, and 16 people were injured. Two boats carrying people capsized: a fishing boat near Silago, Southern Leyte, and a passenger vessel en route to Homonhon. All four on board the two boats survived. Agricultural damage in the Eastern Visayas and Caraga totaled ₱168 million (US$ million), mostly coming from flooded rice fields.
Following the storm, a state of calamity was declared in Carrascal and Lanuza municipalities in Surigao del Sur. The 402nd Infantry Brigade of the Philippine Army deployed four battalions in Caraga to conduct disaster response operations. The Department of Social Welfare and Development, in combination with local government units, provided ₱11.6 million (US$) worth of assistance to affected residents in Caraga, Mimaropa, and the Central and Eastern Visayas.
See also
Other tropical cyclones named Sanba
Other tropical cyclones named Basyang
Weather of 2018
Tropical cyclones in 2018
Tropical Storm Lingling (2014) – caused landslides and flooding in Mindanao
Tropical Storm Bolaven (2018) – struck Mindanao a month earlier
Notes
References
External links
JMA General Information of Tropical Storm Sanba (1802) from Digital Typhoon
JMA Best Track Data of Tropical Storm Sanba (1802)
02W.SANBA from the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory
2018 disasters in the Philippines
2018 Pacific typhoon season
February 2018 events in the Philippines
Typhoons in the Philippines
Western Pacific tropical storms
Sanba
John Klima (born 1971 in Wisconsin, United States) is an American anthology and science fiction magazine editor, whose science fiction zine, Electric Velocipede, won the Hugo Award for Best Fanzine in 2009. He was nominated for a World Fantasy Award in 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010 for his work on the magazine. In 2012 the magazine went online.
He spent the first quarter century of life in the state of Wisconsin. He moved to New Jersey in the late 90s to get a job in publishing. Since then he has worked in publishing, computer programming, and—since completing his Master's degree in Library and Information Science in December 2005—librarianship. He has since returned to the Midwest and currently works as the Assistant Director at the Waukesha Public Library.
In 2007, Klima edited the anthology Logorrhea, an anthology of twenty-one short stories, each of which was based on a different winning word from the Scripps National Spelling Bee. The anthology was nominated for a World Fantasy Award for Best Anthology. Theodora Goss's story from the anthology "The Singing of Mount Abora" won the World Fantasy Award for Best Short Fiction. He also edited a reprint anthology of fairy tale retellings called Happily Ever After that was published by Night Shade Books in 2011.
Klima ran a successful Kickstarter campaign with Lynne M. Thomas and Michael Damien Thomas in early 2013 to fund a speculative nightclub anthology titled Glitter & Mayhem. The book features an introduction by Amber Benson and stories from writers like Christopher Barzak, Maurice Broaddus, Daryl Gregory, Maria Dahvana Headley, Seanan McGuire, Tim Pratt, Diana Rowland, and many more. Glitter & Mayhem will be published by Apex Publications and debut at LoneStarCon 3 in August 2013.
Also in 2007, Klima created the initial version of the Best Editor Wiki in order to provide a place for people nominating and voting for either the Hugo Award for Best Editor Short Form or the Hugo Award for Best Editor Long Form to see what work an editor had done the past year. In 2008, Anne KG Murphy and Cheryl Morgan moved the wiki to its now-defunct location.
In late 2020, Klima was diagnosed with colorectal cancer.
Awards
Nominated: Special Award: Non-Professional, 2007 World Fantasy Award
Nominated: Special Award: Non-Professional, 2008 World Fantasy Award
Winner: Best Fanzine: Electric Velocipede, 2009 Hugo Award
Nominated: Special Award: Non-Professional, 2009 World Fantasy Award
Nominated: Special Award: Non-Professional, 2010 World Fantasy Award
References
External links
Electric Velocipede site
1971 births
Living people
American magazine editors
Der Auftrag (, subtitled Or, on the Observing of the Observer of the Observers) is a 1986 novella by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt. The first English publication appeared in 1988, translated by Joel Agee. The experimental narrative is divided into twenty-four parts, each one a single sentence spanning many pages. In his foreword to the 2008 English language edition, Theodore Ziolkowski notes that the inspiration for the twenty-four sentence structure came after listening to a recording of Glenn Gould performing the first half of Bach's The Well-Tempered Clavier I, itself a work in twenty-four movements. Inspiration for the plot came from the Austrian poet Ingeborg Bachmann's unfinished novel The Franza Case, which Dürrenmatt's second wife, documentary filmmaker Charlotte Kerr, was attempting to turn into a film at the time of their meeting.
Plot summary
Tina von Lambert, wife of psychiatrist Otto von Lambert, has fled to an unnamed North African country (referred to as M.), where she is found raped and murdered in the desert. Otto hires F., a filmmaker, to travel to M. and reconstruct his wife's murder. The Chief of Police appears to be cooperative, however, after a police-escorted visit to the Al-Hakim ruins where the body was found, F.'s cameraman reveals that his footage has been replaced. The police then allow F. to question a number of foreign agents being held and tortured at the police ministry, all of whom tell her the same vague, inconclusive story, none confessing to the crime. Later, F. is taken to observe the execution of a Scandinavian spy in the central courtyard of the police compound; the Chief of Police claims that the spy has confessed to the crime and that the case is solved. They are shown the video of their investigation, which includes none of their footage; instead it has been turned into a propaganda film featuring the police. In despair, F. leaves her crew and walks alone through the marketplace, where she comes across the distinctive red fur coat she knows belonged to Tina von Lambert. She purchases the coat and wears it back to her hotel.
At the hotel F.'s cameraman tells her that his footage has again been taken, this time that of the execution, and that aeroplane tickets out of the country have been booked for them for early the following morning. In her room, F. finds the Head of the Secret Service, who congratulates her on her work and explains that he will use her confiscated footage to expose the corruption, weakness, and incompetence of the Chief of Police, who is planning a coup against the state government. The Head of the Secret Service asks that she continue her investigation under his protection and without the knowledge of the Chief of Police. He offers a new crew, and provides a body double, complete with a red fur coat, to travel home with the old crew in F.'s place.
F. is relocated to a derelict hotel, inhabited by a lone, aged maid. Björn Olsen, the cameraman hired by the secret service to assist F., arrives at the hotel and mistakes her for Jytte Sörensen, a Danish journalist; when he realizes his mistake, for F. speaks no Danish, he flees in a panic. Later, the Head of the Secret Police shows F. a gossip magazine with an article titled "Return from the Dead", featuring a photograph of Tina von Lambert reunited with her husband; he explains to her that the murdered woman was in fact Sörensen, a friend of Tina's, to whom Tina had given her red fur coat and passport. The reason for the murder, however, remains a mystery. Determined to find the truth, F. leaves the hotel and heads toward the desert. On the way she finds Olsen's dead body next to his exploded Volkswagen van, and while she examines the disaster she meets the cameraman Polypheme, who is filming her. Polypheme tells F. that he has video footage of Sörensen, who was on the trail of a secret before her death, and offers to show it to F. if she allows him to make a film portrait of her. Despite his dishevelled appearance and apparent drunkenness, she agrees.
Polypheme takes F out into the desert in his Land Rover, and eventually they arrive at a secret subterranean compound. The compound is a vast underground labyrinth, obviously built at great expense, though it appears to be uninhabited by anyone other than Polypheme. F. is taken to a grotesque room and left alone, and there, to her horror, she discovers a series of still frames of Olsen's death. Later in the evening she leaves her room and explores the compound, trying to track down the source of a mysterious hammering sound, which she traces to a locked door with a key in the keyhole. Out of fear she does not go inside. She finds the Land Rover and contemplates fleeing, but again is dissuaded by fear. Unable to locate her original quarters, she finds an empty room and falls asleep.
In the morning, F. is found by Polypheme, now clean and sober, and over breakfast he explains the country's political situation. The primary source of revenue for the country is a meaningless war with a neighbouring country over the empty, largely uninhabited desert in which the compound is located. The already ten-year-long war is continued to serve as a testing ground for the military products of weapons-exporting nations, from tanks to intercontinental ballistic missiles. The compound was built to measure the effects of the weapons; at one time it was staffed by human observers, many of whom were eventually replaced by observational machines. Eventually a satellite was put in orbit directly above the compound, followed by a second satellite to observe the first. The satellites made the compound redundant, and the last of the people, excepting Polypheme, left. The power was cut, and the compound was running only on battery reserves which would soon be depleted and force even Polypheme to leave. Polypheme explains that he has taken shelter in the compound and military employment because his habit of collecting sensitive and potentially ruinous photographic documentation of criminals, police, and political figures makes him a target from all sides.
Polypheme, when asked how he got his name, explains to F. that it was given to him by a man named Achilles, a bomber pilot and professor of Greek, who named him after the cyclops Polyphemus. He and Achilles were sent on a night raid of Hanoi from the USS Kitty Hawk, and Achilles lands their damaged plane despite sustaining serious head injuries, saving Polypheme in the process. From his wounds Achilles becomes criminally insane and is locked in a cell in a military hospital because of his tendency to rape and murder women. The hammering behind the locked door in the compound is revealed to be Achilles and truth about Jytte Sörensen's rape and murder comes out; Polypheme, indebted to Achilles, provided Sörensen as a sacrifice to the violent beast's only remaining desires. Polypheme shows his film portrait of Sörensen's rape and murder, and explains that F. will be the next victim.
F. is taken out into the desert wearing the red coat, forced to walk in front of the Land Rover carrying Polypheme and Achilles. The setting of Sörensen's portrait was flawed, and this time Polypheme chosen the perfect location out among the ruins of the tanks. F. has accepted her ultimate demise; however, when Achilles is almost upon she is struck by a powerful will to live. At the last possible moment the Chief of Police, his officers, and film crew come out of the tanks, and Achilles is shot repeatedly until he dies. Polypheme races off in the vehicle, but is killed soon after in an explosion, likely from a missile test.
F. returns home and her film is rejected without explanation by the television studios. She reads that the Chief of Police and the Head of the Secret Service have been executed by order of the Head of State for high treason and attempting to overthrow the government. The Head of State denies rumours that the desert is being used as a missile test ground. On the opposite page of the newspaper F. reads that a baby boy has been born to Tina and Otto von Lambert.
Themes
The Technology of Observation
As suggested by the subtitle of the novella (Or, on the Observing of the Observer of the Observers), the practise of observation and the means by which it is accomplished are central to the novel. The technologies of observation present range from the very simple, such as binoculars and telescopes, to video and still cameras, covert audio recording devices, and even highly sophisticated satellite technology.
Existentialism
The epigraph is a quote from Either/Or by Danish existentialist Søren Kierkegaard, in whom Dürrenmatt had a lifelong interest. The excerpt highlights the anxiety and uncertainty of being, and appears again in the novel as a clue to the true identity of the murder victim thought to be Tina von Lambert.
Mistaken Identity
The red fur coat that passes from Tina von Lambert to Jytte Sørensen to F. is representative of mistaken identity.
Terrorism
Allusions
The underground desert compound is symbolic of the labyrinth in Greek mythology, built by Daedalus for King Minos of Crete to house the Minotaur. The criminally insane Achilles represents the Minotaur.
The red fur coat that appears throughout is inspired by the red fur coat purchased by Dürrenmatt for Charlotte Kerr. Kerr's 1992 book portraying her marriage is titled Die Frau im roten Mantel (The Woman in the Red Coat).
F. is so named as an acknowledgement of Franza, the primary figure in The Franza Case from which the initial idea for the story was taken.
References
Dürrenmatt, Friedrich. The Assignment. Trans. Joel Agee. Chicago: U of Chicago P, 2008.
Ziolkowski, Theodore. Forward. The Assignment. By Friedrich Dürrenmatt. 1986. Chicago: U of Chicago P, 2008. ix-xix.
1986 novels
Crime novels
Swiss novellas
Novels by Friedrich Dürrenmatt
Novels about rape
Swiss novels
Diogenes Verlag books
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Takayuki Yamaguchi, based on the first chapter of the novel Suruga-jō Gozen Jiai by Norio Nanjō. An anime television adaptation, aired on Wowow from July to October 2007. The series was directed by Hiroshi Hamasaki, written by Seishi Minakami, and produced by Madhouse.
The anime was licensed in North America by Funimation under the fully translated title Shigurui: Death Frenzy. The licensing was announced in May 2008 and the full series was released in March 2009, on Blu-ray and DVD. The manga and anime are both known for their graphic violence and sexual content.
Plot
The story begins in 1629 Shizuoka during Tokugawa Tadanaga's rule. The daimyō staged a tournament where the participants fought with real steel Japanese swords rather than bokken ("wooden sword"), against his vassals' strong objection. The story revolves around the first match between the one-armed swordsman Fujiki Gennosuke and the blind samurai Irako Seigen and deals with the circumstances that led the two to participate in Tokugawa's tournament.
Characters
The stoic star pupil of the Kogan dojo. In the present time in his duel with Seigen he has only one arm but it is noted that his back muscles could theoretically make up for lost strength. Fujiki is very loyal to Kogan (his master), and is said to be most likely to succeed as the school's master.
An ambitious man who seeks to raise his status; unlike Gennosuke, who has genuine love and respect for the school and its fortunes, Seigen cares for very little besides the wealth that will come his way if he can rise through the ranks. In the present time, he is blind and has a deep cut in one of his feet. Years before, he joined the Kogan-Ryuu school afterwards and was eventually picked to become the successor over Gennosuke Fujiki, but he and Kogan had a falling out which resulted in his present-day blindness.
A master of the Kogan-Ryuu school and Gennosuke's senior. A hulk of a man, Ushimata uses an immensely large wooden sword (Seigen comments that it appears to be a suburitō) which he wields with ease.
The Grandmaster of the Kogan-Ryuu school. Mentally unbalanced most of the time, he regains his sanity most often in the period between fall and winter. Kogan cares nothing for his daughter, Mie, seeing her only as a tool to continue his bloodline. He has a small deformity, a sixth finger on one of his hands. His technique "Nagare Boshi" (Shooting Star) is known and feared by many Samurai.
The daughter of Kogan Iwamoto. Betrothed to Seigen Irako, she instead wants to be with Gennosuke Fujiki; however, she seemingly has little to no value to her father—who greatly resents that he had a daughter instead of a son—except as breeding stock.
The long-suffering concubine of Kogan. She has been consistently taunted with a Children's Song and the masses would flee at her approach. Early on, she appears resigned to her life with him.
Media
Manga
Anime
The series was adapted into a 12-episode anime series based on the first 32 chapters (or the initial six and a half volumes) by Madhouse and broadcast on Wowow from July 19 to October 12, 2007. The series was directed by Hiroshi Hamasaki and written by Seishi Minakami. Funimation licensed the series for release in North America. The series was later added to iTunes.
Reception
Shigurui was nominated for the 15th annual Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize in 2011. The series ranked fifth and fourth on Takarajimasha's Kono Manga ga Sugoi! list of the best manga of 2007 and 2008 for male readers.
References
External links
Shigurui at Funimation
2003 manga
2007 anime television series debuts
Akita Shoten manga
Anime and manga based on novels
Funimation
Madhouse (company)
Samurai in anime and manga
Seinen manga
Wowow original programming
The Diocese of Treia (Latin: Dioecesis Triensis) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the town of Treia in the province of Macerata in the central Marche (Italy). In 1920, it was united with the Diocese of San Severino-Marche to form the Diocese of San Severino-Treia.
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Lisitsyn or Lisitsin (, from лисица meaning fox) is a Russian masculine surname; its feminine counterpart is Lisitsyna or Lisitsina. It may refer to:
Lisitsyns, Russian family of samovar-makers, metalworkers and businesspeople
Anatoly Lisitsyn (born 1947), Russian statesman
Anna Lisitsyna (1922 – 1942), Hero of the Soviet Union
Dmitry Lisitsyn, Russian environmentalist
Georgy Lisitsin (1909–1972), Russian chess player
Vladimir Lisitsin (1938–1971), Soviet football player
Yevhen Lysytsyn (born 1981), Ukrainian football player
Russian-language surnames
The Way I Am may refer to:
Music
Albums
The Way I Am (Ana Johnsson album), or the title song (see below)
The Way I Am (Billy Preston album), or the title song
The Way I Am (Colton Ford album)
The Way I Am (Dino album), 1993
The Way I Am (Jennifer Knapp album), or the title song
The Way I Am (Knoc-turn'al album), or the title song
The Way I Am (MC Mong album), or the title song
The Way I Am (Merle Haggard album), or the title song (see below)
The Way I Am, an album by Patti Dahlstrom
Songs
"The Way I Am" (Charlie Puth song), 2018
"The Way I Am" (Eminem song), 2000
"The Way I Am" (Ingrid Michaelson song), 2006
"The Way I Am" (Merle Haggard song), 1980
"The Way I Am" (Neil Sedaka song)
"The Way I Am" (Sandra song), 2006
"The Way I Am", a song by Ana Johnsson from Cuz I Can
"The Way I Am", a song by Staind from The Illusion of Progress
"The Way I Am", a song by Status Quo from Perfect Remedy
Literature
The Way I Am (book), a 2008 autobiography by Eminem
See also
"The Way I Are", a 2007 song by Timbaland
The Way That I Am, a 1993 album by Martina McBride
Just the Way I Am, an album by Dolly Parton
Lucas Moser (c 1390 – c 1434), was a German Late-Gothic painter.
He was born in Ulm, and is part of the early Ulm School of artists such as Hans Multscher. Not much is known about his life. Moser's name is known only through an inscription on the frame of the altarpiece above the altar of St. Mary Magdalene parish church in Tiefenbronn. This altarpiece, which depicts Mary Magdalene's sea voyage to France, is a significant work which represents a shift from the International Gothic to a more natural Realism style and technique, similar to Early Netherlandish painting.
References
15th-century German painters
German male painters
1434 deaths
1390 births
People from Ulm
Gothic painters
Nokjo (Balochi, ) is town and union council of Awaran District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is located at 28°23'20N 66°13'20E in Mashkai tehsil and has an altitude of 1706 metres (5600 feet).
References
Populated places in Awaran District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
Moore-Bick is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
John Moore-Bick (born 1949), British Army officer
Martin Moore-Bick (born 1946), British judge
See also
Moore (surname)
Bick (disambiguation)
Compound surnames
English-language surnames
Surnames of English origin
Willie James Lyons (December 5, 1938 – December 26, 1980) was an American Chicago blues guitarist, singer and songwriter. He worked primarily in the West Side of Chicago from the late 1950s up to his death. Lyons was an accompanist to many musicians who included Luther Allison, Jimmy Dawkins and Bobby Rush. A noted performer in his own right, Lyons work was influenced by B.B. King and Freddie King, T-Bone Walker and Lowell Fulson. His only solo album was Chicago Woman, recorded in France in 1979.
Biography
Lyons was born in Alabama, United States. He was, according to the 1940 United States Census, living in Aliceville, Alabama, with his parent, brother, and sister.
Details of his early life are sketchy, but he had relocated to Chicago, Illinois, by the mid-1950s. In 1971, Willie Kent took up residence at Ma Bea's Lounge in West Madison, Chicago. The house band became known as Sugar Bear and the Beehives, headed by Kent (the Sugar Bear) with guitarist Willie James Lyons and drummer Robert Plunkett. For the next six years, this troupe backed visiting musicians, such as Fenton Robinson, Hubert Sumlin, Eddy Clearwater, Jimmy Johnson, Carey Bell, Buster Benton, John Littlejohn, Casey Jones, and Mighty Joe Young. The house band's proficient playing led to their recording a live album in October 1975 at Ma Bea's, billed as Ghetto.
In the 1970s, Lacy Gibson also played alongside Lyons at the Poinciana on the West Side. In October 1977, Lyons played on Robert "Big Mojo" Elem's album, Mojo Boogie.
In December 1979, Lyons played guitar on Johnny "Big Moose" Walker's album, Going Home Tomorrow. He also appeared on Lefty Dizz's album, Somebody Stole My Christmas. The latter was recorded ten days after Walker's album, but not released until 1980. Lyons solo album, Chicago Woman, was recorded between December 1, and 22, 1979, at the Decca Studio, in Paris, France. The participants on the recording were Lyons on vocals and guitar, Johnny "Big Moose" Walker playing piano with Jimmy Johnson on second guitar, Robert "Big Mojo" Elem on bass guitar, and Odie Payne playing the drums. All three of these albums were released on the French record label, Isabel Records. Chicago Woman included Lyons re-working of Lowell Fulson's song "Reconsider Baby", in addition to covering other blues standards such as "Little Red Rooster" and "Hoochie Coochie Man" and "Rock Me Baby". However, Chicago Woman incorporated three of Lyons own compositions; "I've Got Trouble on My Mind", "Groovin' In Paris", plus the title track.
Lyons died on December 26, 1980, in Chicago at the age of 42. An obituary for him appeared in Living Blues magazine (issue No. 50) in early 1981.
Discography
See also
List of Chicago blues musicians
References
External links
Discogs.com discography
Lyons playing "I've Got Troubles on My Mind" from Chicago Woman
1938 births
1980 deaths
Blues musicians from Alabama
American blues guitarists
American male guitarists
American blues singers
Chicago blues musicians
Guitarists from Alabama
Songwriters from Alabama
20th-century American guitarists
Electric blues musicians
20th-century American male singers
20th-century American singers
American male songwriters
Odontura is a genus of bush crickets in the subfamily Phaneropterinae and typical of the tribe Odonturini. Species can be found in Africa and Europe (Iberian peninsula).
Species
The Orthoptera Species File lists:
subgenus Odontura Rambur, 1838
Odontura algerica Brunner von Wattenwyl, 1878
Odontura borrei Bolívar, 1878
Odontura brevis Werner, 1932
Odontura calaritana Costa, 1883
Odontura glabricauda (Charpentier, 1825)type species (as Barbitistes glabricauda Charpentier)
Odontura liouvillei Werner, 1929
Odontura maroccana Bolívar, 1908
Odontura microptera Chopard, 1943
Odontura moghrebica Morales-Agacino, 1950
Odontura pulchra Bolívar, 1914
Odontura quadridentata Krauss, 1893
Odontura stenoxypha (Fieber, 1853)
Odontura trilineata (Haan, 1843)
Odontura uvarovi Werner, 1929
subgenus Odonturella Bolívar, 1900
Odontura aspericauda Rambur, 1838
Odontura macphersoni Morales-Agacino, 1943
References
External links
Tettigoniidae genera
Phaneropterinae
Orthoptera of Europe
Orthoptera of Africa
Gregory Carpenter Gagne (; born November 12, 1961) is a former shortstop in Major League Baseball. He played 10 seasons for the Minnesota Twins from 1983 to 1992, including both of the Twins' World Series championship teams in 1987 and 1991. He was considered one of the American League's best defensive shortstops during his time with Minnesota.
Playing career
Greg Gagne was drafted by the New York Yankees in the fifth round of the 1979 Major League Baseball Draft and spent the next three seasons in the Yankees' minor league system before being traded to the Twins on April 10, 1982, along with starting pitcher Paul Boris and reliever Ron Davis for the Twins starting shortstop, Roy Smalley. Gagne spent all of 1982 and all but 12 games of the 1983 and 1984 seasons in the minors before earning the starting shortstop job in 1985, after which Gagne became a fixture of the Twins' infield for the next eight seasons.
On October 4, 1986, during a Twins' home game at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome, Gagne hit two inside-the-park home runs against the Chicago White Sox. Both home runs were hit off Chicago starting pitcher Floyd Bannister. The Twins also went on to win the game, 7-3.
Gagne was a fixture of the Twins drive to their second World Series appearance, and first World Series title, following the 1987 season. During the Twins march to their second World Series crown in four years, Gagne hit a game-winning, three-run homer in Game One of the 1991 World Series off Atlanta's Charlie Leibrandt. Gagne hit only .213 during the Twins two post-season drives. Despite this low batting average, Gagne hit five doubles and four home runs, along with knocking in 10 runs and scoring 12 times, to maximize those 18 hits.
Gagne left the Twins when his contract was up in the 1992 season; the team had put a great deal of resources into re-signing superstar Kirby Puckett (inking the star centerfielder to a then huge multi-year contract that would pay him $5.3 million in 1993) and with Gagne's replacement, Pat Meares, already on the Major League roster, did not offer Gagne the salary increase that he was looking for. Gagne then signed with the Kansas City Royals, agreeing to a 3-year, $10.6 million contract. Following three years with the Royals in which he put up similar numbers as he did with the Twins, he again entered free agency and signed a contract to play for the Los Angeles Dodgers for the 1996 and 1997 seasons. Gagne retired from baseball following the end of the 1997 season.
Career statistics
In 27 postseason games, including the 1987 and '91 World Series, Gagne batted .220 (22-for-100) with 14 runs, 4 home runs and 10 RBI.
Retirement
During his tenure with the Twins, Gagne lived in Eden Prairie, Minnesota. He currently lives in Somerset, Massachusetts, and is the former head baseball coach at Bishop Feehan High School.
Gagne was a guest at the Metrodome farewell ceremony. During that day's game he sat in the broadcast booth with commentators Dick Bremer and Bert Blyleven for a half inning. On February 8, 2010, Gagne was elected to the Twins Hall of Fame and was inducted at Target Field on September 4, 2010.
References
External links
Baseball players from Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Fall River, Massachusetts
Major League Baseball shortstops
Minnesota Twins players
Kansas City Royals players
Los Angeles Dodgers players
1961 births
Living people
People from Somerset, Massachusetts
Paintsville Yankees players
Greensboro Hornets players
Orlando Twins players
Fort Lauderdale Yankees players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Albuquerque Dukes players
Kimhwa County is a kun, or county, in Kangwŏn province, North Korea.
Geography
Kimhwa county is primarily mountainous, but the county's southeastern region is low-lying. The highest peak is Pae'gyŏnsan (백연산). The chief stream is the Pukhan River. Approximately 80% of the county's area is taken up by forestland.
Administrative divisions
Kimhwa county is divided into 1 ŭp (town), 1 rodongjagu (workers' district) and 13 ri (villages):
Economy
The chief local industry is agriculture. Local crops include potatoes, maize, rice, wheat, and barley. In addition, livestock and silkworms are raised, and orchards are cultivated. There are several mines, exploiting local deposits of manganese, gold, copper, talc, fluorite, barite, and anthracite.
Transportation
Kimhwa is connected to the rest of North Korea by road.
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
References
External links
Counties of Kangwon Province (North Korea)
Westenhanger railway station is on the South Eastern Main Line in England, serving the villages of Westenhanger and Stanford, as well as Folkestone Racecourse, in Kent. It is down the line from London Charing Cross. The station and all trains that call are operated by Southeastern.
History
The station was built by the South Eastern Railway (SER). The line through the station opened on 28 June 1843, before construction had started. It was announced on 28 November 1843 and was planned to be the station serving Hythe; the SER Chairman Joseph Baxendale hoped to stand as a candidate in the next general election for that constituency. It opened on 7 February 1844 along with the extension from to . An inn was built next to the station in September.
The station became a junction when the SER's branch line to opened on 10 October 1864. However, it was inconveniently placed, and the SER considered closing it and building a station somewhere else. Ultimately, the station was not closed and Sandling railway station opened.
British Rail proposed the closure of the station as from 3 February 1969. Objections were made which were considered by a Transport Users' Consultative Committee, after which the Minister of Transport decided against closure.
In 2017, Shepway District Council announced plans to build a garden town next to the station, with around 12,000 new homes.
Racecourse station
In 1898, a station about 250 metres west of Westenhanger was built to serve the adjacent Folkestone Racecourse. It was only used on race days. It closed in the 1960s. As in 2022 the majority of the disused platforms were still in situ.
Facilities
The station is unstaffed and facilities are limited.
There is a self-service ticket machine at the station entrance and passenger help points located on each of the platforms. There is also a small (free) car park at the station entrance.
The station has step-free access available to the London bound platform although the Dover bound platform can only be reached via the footbridge meaning step-free access is not possible.
Services
All services at Westenhanger are operated by Southeastern using Class 375 EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to London Charing Cross via
1 tph to
During the peak hours, there are also services to and from London Cannon Street and there is also 1 train per day to .
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Transport in Folkestone and Hythe
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1844
Railway stations served by Southeastern
1844 establishments in England
The U.S. Post Office in Troy, New York, United States, is located at 400 Broadway, on the corners of Fourth (US 4) and William Streets, the tenth location it has occupied in the city's history. It serves the ZIP Codes 12179 through 12182, which cover different sections of the city. In 1989 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places, and it is also a contributing property to the Central Troy Historic District, which covers much of the city's downtown commercial area.
It was built during the Great Depression as part of a massive statewide public works initiative to stimulate the economy and provide jobs. Louis Simon, supervising architect for the Treasury Department, used a stripped-down Classical Revival style for the post office, which replaced a much-beloved older one. Painter Waldo Peirce added two murals to the building's lobby in 1938, making Troy's one of only three post offices in the U.S. with his artwork.
Building
Exterior
The post office is a two-story, 7-by-10-bay steel frame building on granite foundation. Its two main facades (Broadway and Fourth) frame their entrances with engaged two-story pilasters on molded bases and capitals. At the top of the pilasters is a simple frieze. At the end bays the frieze is decorated with abstract stars and stripes with winged shields at the corners, where the stone surface beneath them changes from ashlar to rusticate. The Broadway frieze has the words "UNITED STATES POST OFFICE", reflecting the main entrance located underneath it.
That main entrance is reached by a set of granite steps. It is surrounded by limestone and flanked by original wrought iron lamps and lampposts. The windows to the sides are trimmed in decorative limestone as well, their bays recessed like the main entrance and the central eight bays of the Fourth Street side. A secondary entrance, similar to the main entrance but with less decoration, is located two bays north of Broadway.
The north and east (William Street) facades are faced in buff-colored brick laid in common bond, with limestone coping. To the north the building projects one bay from the main section; this ell includes the loading dock facilities. A brick chimney rises from the northeastern corner.
Interior
Inside, two connected lobbies parallel the main facades. An original glazed aluminum vestibule on the main entrance, and a small marble lobby on the secondary, give way to a terrazzo floor, dark green marble base and veined white marble dado. The plaster walls are divided into four recessed bays flanked by marble pilasters, rising to a ceiling cornice with classical detailing. While the furniture in the lobbies is newer, most of the teller windows and the iron grillework above them, and some of the post office boxes, are original.
At either end of the lobby is a mural by Waldo Peirce, both with regional themes. The eastern one depicts Rip Van Winkle and the west one is called Legends of the Hudson. Peirce did very few public commissions, and only two other U.S. post offices (in Westbrook, Maine and Peabody, Massachusetts) have murals by him.
History
Troy's first post office was established in 1796, within a decade of the city's founding, in a local law office on First Street. Over the next century it was housed in seven other downtown locations, the last two being for long periods, in the Atheneum Building on First Street (1846-1882) and the Masonic Temple on Third (1882-1894). When Congress authorized the construction of the city's first federal building in 1886, the post office was among the agencies slated for space in the new building.
The land for the new federal building cost the government $99,982 and then an additional $323,000 in 2008 dollars to build starting in 1890. It was opened in 1894; the granite Romanesque Revival-style building's clock tower became one of the city's most enduring landmarks, dominating the downtown skyline.
In 1931, as the Great Depression was beginning, an amendment to the Public Buildings Act of 1926 authorized 136 separate postal construction projects to relieve growing unemployment. Troy's was one, but the Treasury Department, under whose umbrella the Post Office came at the time, was unable to begin the project for a few years, and it had to be reauthorized in 1934.
The plans called for the old building to be demolished; and once the newer design, by Treasury Department Supervising Architect Louis Simon, was made public there was outrage from some citizens that the popular older building was to be torn down only 40 years after it had been built. But it was insufficient to stop the project, and after $154,000 was spent to acquire the additional land the new building would need, the post office moved to the Hannibal Green Building across the street in 1934 for the two years it would take to build its new home. Stone from the old building can still be found in other parts of the city and its vicinity, used as retaining wall, fence posts and in one case, a gravestone.
Peirce painted his murals in 1938, two years after the new building opened. There have been few significant changes since then. In more recent years, an interior fire escape was added to the northwest corner, and one of the original teller bays was converted into a self-service section. The original customer tables in the lobby, and the front doors themselves, have also been replaced.
Aesthetics
At the time the Troy post office was built, the Treasury Department preferred the Colonial Revival style for buildings in small towns and Classical Revival for those in cities. Simon generally worked on the former and left the latter to contracted architects, with Troy's being one of the few exceptions to that principle. His building shows the influence of other styles as well.
Classical Revival is the dominant mode, particular echoing early 19th-century Greek Revival public buildings in its rectangular plan. The influence of contemporary modernist approaches, particularly Art Deco, can be seen in the stylized, streamlined ornamentation.
Notes and references
External links
Troy, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Troy, New York
Government buildings completed in 1936
Buildings and structures in Troy, New York
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in New York (state)
Michael Loebenstein (born 1974 in Vienna) is a writer, curator and as of 1 October 2017 the director of the Austrian Film Museum (Österreichisches Filmmuseum). From October 2011 to January 2017 he held the post of Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia (NFSA). He is currently serving his second term as Secretary General of FIAF, the International Federation of Film Archives.
Previously he held senior positions at the Austrian Film Museum and at the Ludwig Boltzmann Institute in its historical research cluster. He worked as an advisor to the Austrian Federal Ministry for Education, Arts and Culture. He has also worked as a freelance curator and researcher in the field of audiovisual archiving and history, having particular interests in Documentary Film, Visual History and Holocaust Studies.
As a writer Michael has published books on filmmakers including Dziga Vertov, Alexander Hammid, James Benning and others. Notable publications include Film Curatorship: Archives, Museums and the Digital Marketplace (2008), Peter Tscherkassky (2007) and Gustav Deutsch (2009).
As a journalist, feature writer, commentator and editor he has contributed to numerous publications, books and articles on film history, curatorship and contemporary film culture. In addition he was a co-founder and editor of the influential film periodical kolik.film and a critic for the Viennese paper Falter.
He has been responsible for the production of several DVDs including the award-winning Entuziasm by Dziga Vertov (Edition Filmmuseum), and has collaborated with the celebrated film composer Michael Nyman.
As a curator he has been responsible for a number of large scale projects and exhibitions. In 2010 he curated the much-lauded Vienna im Film at the Vienna Museum in Vienna, a celebration of a century of images capturing the essence of the city. He also was instrumental in bringing the major City Project Film.Stadt.Vienna to fruition.
He was until recently a member of the Advisory Board of the Centre for Media History at Macquarie University (Sydney) and the Wantok Music Foundation (Melbourne).
Notes
Living people
1974 births
Austrian chief executives
Writers from Vienna
Josep Acebillo (born in Huesca, Aragon, Spain, in 1946) is a Spanish architect and is currently Research Professor at the University Pompeu Fabra in Barcelona. He obtained his Architecture degree from the Polytechnic University of Catalonia (ETSAB-1974).
Biography
From 1974 to 1979, Acebillo worked independently or in collaboration with the MBM studio (Martorell, Bohigas and MacKay). During this period he was awarded the following awards: First prize of the National Competition of School Prototypes in Spain (1979), First prize for the redaction of the Master Plan of the Vall de Bohí in Lleida-Spain (1980), First prize for the redaction of the Master Plan for the Towns of Sitges and St. Pere de Ribes-Barcelona (1980) and the Second National Price of Urbanism in Spain (1982).
From 1981 to 1987, Acebillo was the director of Urban Projects Barcelona City Council, his tasks involved the design and construction of 140 urban spaces, infrastructures, monuments and facilities buildings promoted by the Municipality. The Public Urban Spaces of Barcelona constructed during this period were awarded for the quality with the Prince of Wales Prize in Urban Design of the Harvard Graduate School of Design (1990).
From 1988 to 1994, Acebillo was the director of IMPUSA, Institute for Urban Development (Olympic Holding) of the city of Barcelona, in charge of leading the projects and building the main infrastructures for the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was the recipient of the Honorific Medal of the City of Barcelona in 1992 for his contribution to the urban transformation.
From 1993 to 2011, Acebillo was the CEO (chief executive officer) of the Metropolitan Agency Barcelona Regional, a "think tank" spearheaded for the development of strategic urban projects and infrastructures in the city. His efforts were awarded with the Special European Price of Urbanism 1997/1998 of the European Commission for the project Infrastructure and General Metropolitan Systems.
Later in 1998, Acebillo was appointed "Commissioner of Infrastructures and Urban Planning" of Barcelona.
In 1999, Acebillo became the Chief Architect of the city of Barcelona. During the same year he was named an honorific member of the Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA). In 1999, Barcelona was also the recipient of the RIBA awards with the Royal Gold Medal for Architecture due to the contribution of: Narcís Serra, Pasqual Maragall, Joan Clos, Josep Acebillo and Oriol Bohigas.
From 2003 to 2006, Acebillo was the coordinator of the Barcelona Urban Strategy Advisory Council which was composed of Richard Rogers, Dominique Perrault, Oriol Bohigas, Ramon Folch, Antoni Marí, Manuel de Solà-Morales and Joan Trullén, to advise the municipality on global strategies.
From 2007 until 2016, Acebillo founded and operated Architectural Systems Office, a consulting firm based in Switzerland and specialized in urban development in collaboration with Architect Stanislava Boskovic Sigon. During these years, the practice has won numerous international competitions such as the 1st Prize for the Urban Transformation in Bar, Montenegro (2008). Further relevant projects include the Strategic Project of Kazan, the Masterplan for the Universiada Kazan 2013, a Mix-Use development Tower complex in Kazan, the Strategic Urban Project in Ekaterinburg or the Riverfront redevelopment in Cheboksary.
Under the urban leadership of Acebillo, Barcelona has received worldwide recognition for the positioning of the city in the international architecture field. Following this recognition, Josep Acebillo was frequently called on to assess other cities such as London, Ostend, Kazan, etc. and guide their urban transformation endeavours. In 2003, in the case of London, Acebillo was appointed a member of the International Design Committee (London Development Agency) to assess the city development.
In his current capacity Josep Acebillo is Research Professor at the Pompeu Fabra University of Barcelona and acts as Senior Advisor for several governments including the Strategic Project for the Socio-Economic development of the Vesuvian Plateu in Italy.
Academic experience
Professor at the ETSAB (Technical Superior Architecture School of Barcelona) (1975–2001).
Professor at the International Architecture and Urban Design Laboratory, Urbino, Italy, (1976–1977). Venice, (1997).
Director of the postgraduate course The architecture on al large scale, Polytechnic University of Catalonia, (1992–93).
Director of the postgraduate course Architecture in complex scales, Pompeu Fabra University of Barcelona, (1994).
Professor of the postgraduate course Projecting the city: Infrastructures and complexity, Polytechnic University of Catalonia, (1995-96/1996-97).
Professor of the Master course in urban planning Metropolitan complexity, Polytechnic University of Catalonia, (1995-96/1996-97).
Visiting Professor during the Fall Semester 1997, at the School of Architecture of the Yale University.
Full Professor Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, (University of Lugano) (2001 - 2016).
Visiting Professor during the Fall Semester 2002, at Harvard Graduate School of Design of the Harvard University.
Dean of the Architecture Academy, Università della Svizzera Italiana in Mendrisio (2003 – 2007).
Director of the Institute for the Contemporary Urban Project of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, (University of Lugano) (2004 - 2016).
Director of the research project Urban Systems & Urban Models, a Swiss cooperation project of architecture (Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, ETH Studio Basel, Choros SAR/EPFL École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne)
Member of the Board of Directors and professor of the Barcelona Institute of Architecture.
Visiting Professor Kazan State University in 2014
Visiting Research Professor Tongji University during 2017-2019.
Visiting Research Professor Pompeu Fabra University of Barcelona from 2019 until today.
Awards
1996 First prize at the competition for the extension of the Pompeu Fabra University of Barcelona.
1999 Royal Gold Medal for Architecture awarded by the Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA) to the city of Barcelona and to the people who have contributed in the transformation of the city since the first democratic government of Barcelona (Narcís Serra, Pasqual Maragall, Joan Clos, Josep Acebillo and Oriol Bohigas.
1999 Honorary Member of the Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA).
2000 First prize ex-aequo at the competition for the remodelling of Faliron Bay at Athens, Greece.
2001 Barcelona Energy Improving Plan Barcelona Renovable 2004 Award. Awarded by the Renewable Energy Partnership. (Brussels, December 2001)
2002 Special prize of the Venice Biennale in the Eight International Architecture Exhibition, for his leadership in international architecture.
2002 Jury Mention. II European Public Space Prize for the Environmental Recovery Project of the Final Stretch of the Besós River Channel. Awarded for the Institut français d'architecture, The Architecture Foundation of London, Netherlands Architecture Institute, Architekturzentrum Wien and the Centre de Cultura Contemporània de Barcelona.
2005 First prize in Public space, thematic square and urban development of the riverfront of the area of Zaragoza for International Expo 2008.
2007 Energy Award for the 2004 Universal Forum of Cultures in Barcelona.
References
Peter G. Rowe, Building Barcelona.A second Renaissance, 2006. .
i.CUP - IRE, La Nuova Lugano, Mendrisio, Accademia di architettura USI, 2008. (Italian text)
Josep Acebillo; Ramon Folch, Atles ambiental de l'àrea de Barcelona, Barcelona, Ariel Ciencia, 2000. (Spanish text)
External links
Architectural Systems Office
AuS Architecture & Urban Systems
Barcelona Regional
BcnSuS Barcelona Strategic Urban Systems
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio
Barcelona Institute of Architecture
Spanish architects
Expatriates in Switzerland
Living people
1946 births
University of Lugano faculty
Polytechnic University of Catalonia alumni
"Vossa Excelência" is the nineteenth single by Titãs, released in 2005. The song basically criticizes the hypocrisy and lack of care from politicians, referring to the Mensalão scandal. It was performed for the first time on 5 August 2005 during a show at Circo Voador, in Rio de Janeiro, around ten days after the song's completion. It received a live video which was nominated for the 2006 MTV Video Music Brazil award.
The band said that at the time of the single's release, they were informed by the label that radio stations of Brasília (capital of Brazil) were not airing the song, although some stations from the Rio de Janeiro-São Paulo axis weren't giving them any airplay either. At the time, guitarist and coauthor of the track, Tony Bellotto, said he believed many of Brasília stations were "committed" with politicians, and that stations from the Rio de Janeiro-São Paulo axis could have been afraid of offending any politician.
Composition and lyrics
Commenting about the track, Bellotto said:
On the other hand, he stated the song does not generalize corruption in Brasília.
About its composition, he said the initiative came from vocalist and guitarist Paulo Miklos (another coauthor of the track), who was already scratching some songs for the group's then-upcoming album MTV ao Vivo, in which the single would be featured. The song was finished in three days and, for Bellotto, "it was born quite spontaneous, in the heat of the moment. [...] The lyrics ended up with that comic and sharp vein of Miklos [...]. And it's got that indignant chorus which represents - I think - the words everyone would like to use at that time. I think it expresses the population's will to swear, to put out all the feeling of indignation".
When asked about his opinion on the fact that few artists have expressed their views about the scandals of that time, Bellotto said that "most of the [artistic] class has always supported [then president of Brazil] Lula. I don't know if they felt committed to him, or if they just sat in the fence, just like Lula did".
On the other hand, he said he was still sympathetic about the former president, although he was disappointed with what he saw as a "shy" reaction to the scandal. "I always liked him very much and I think all this dirt does not destroy the brilliant guy that he was, that he is. But his attitude was below expectations. He had to be clearer, more emphatic, and, however, before all that mess, he sat in the fence."
Miklos, however, said he wanted the song to "supplant the opportunistic criticism and serve as a channel to denounce the 'chronic corruption' that infests the country since a long time and 'turns everyone into accomplices'."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the booklet of MTV ao Vivo, the album in which the single was featured:
Paulo Miklos - lead vocals, guitar
Branco Mello - backing vocals
Sérgio Britto - backing vocals
Tony Bellotto - guitar
Charles Gavin - drums
Session musicians
Emerson Villani - guitar
Lee Marcucci - bass
References
2005 singles
Titãs songs
Political songs
Protest songs
2005 songs
Songs written by Paulo Miklos
Songs written by Tony Bellotto
Sony BMG singles
Shamsabad () in Tehran Province may refer to:
Shamsabad, Tehran, Tehran County
Shamsabad, Eslamshahr, Eslamshahr County
Shamsabad, Fashapuyeh, Rey County
Shamsabad, Kahrizak, Rey County
Shamsabad, Varamin, Varamin County
Shamsabad-e Arab, Varamin County
In algebra and number theory, Wilson's theorem states that a natural number n > 1 is a prime number if and only if the product of all the positive integers less than n is one less than a multiple of n. That is (using the notations of modular arithmetic), the factorial satisfies
exactly when n is a prime number. In other words, any number n is a prime number if, and only if, (n − 1)! + 1 is divisible by n.
History
This theorem was stated by Ibn al-Haytham (c. 1000 AD), and, in the 18th century, by John Wilson. Edward Waring announced the theorem in 1770, although neither he nor his student Wilson could prove it. Lagrange gave the first proof in 1771. There is evidence that Leibniz was also aware of the result a century earlier, but he never published it.
Example
For each of the values of n from 2 to 30, the following table shows the number (n − 1)! and the remainder when (n − 1)! is divided by n. (In the notation of modular arithmetic, the remainder when m is divided by n is written m mod n.)
The background color is blue for prime values of n, gold for composite values.
Proofs
The proofs (for prime moduli) below use the fact that the residue classes modulo a prime number are a field—see the article prime field for more details. Lagrange's theorem, which states that in any field a polynomial of degree n has at most n roots, is needed for all the proofs.
Composite modulus
If n is composite it is divisible by some prime number q, where . Because divides , let for some integer . Suppose for the sake of contradiction that were congruent to where n is composite. Then (n-1)! would also be congruent to −1 (mod q) as implies that for some integer which shows (n-1)! being congruent to -1 (mod q). But (n − 1)! ≡ 0 (mod q) by the fact that q is a term in (n-1)! making (n-1)! a multiple of q. A contradiction is now reached.
In fact, more is true. With the sole exception of 4, where 3! = 6 ≡ 2 (mod 4), if n is composite then (n − 1)! is congruent to 0 (mod n). The proof is divided into two cases: First, if n can be factored as the product of two unequal numbers, , where 2 ≤ a < b ≤ n − 2, then both a and b will appear in the product and (n − 1)! will be divisible by n. If n has no such factorization, then it must be the square of some prime q, q > 2. But then 2q < q2 = n, both q and 2q will be factors of (n − 1)!, and again n divides (n − 1)!.
Prime modulus
Elementary proof
The result is trivial when , so assume p is an odd prime, . Since the residue classes (mod p) are a field, every non-zero a has a unique multiplicative inverse, a−1. Lagrange's theorem implies that the only values of a for which are (because the congruence can have at most two roots (mod p)). Therefore, with the exception of ±1, the factors of can be arranged in disjoint pairs such that product of each pair is congruent to 1 modulo p. This proves Wilson's theorem.
For example, for , one has
Proof using Fermat's little theorem
Again, the result is trivial for p = 2, so suppose p is an odd prime, . Consider the polynomial
g has degree , leading term , and constant term . Its roots are 1, 2, ..., .
Now consider
h also has degree and leading term . Modulo p, Fermat's little theorem says it also has the same roots, 1, 2, ..., .
Finally, consider
f has degree at most p − 2 (since the leading terms cancel), and modulo p also has the roots 1, 2, ..., . But Lagrange's theorem says it cannot have more than p − 2 roots. Therefore, f must be identically zero (mod p), so its constant term is . This is Wilson's theorem.
Proof using the Sylow theorems
It is possible to deduce Wilson's theorem from a particular application of the Sylow theorems. Let p be a prime. It is immediate to deduce that the symmetric group has exactly elements of order p, namely the p-cycles . On the other hand, each Sylow p-subgroup in is a copy of . Hence it follows that the number of Sylow p-subgroups is . The third Sylow theorem implies
Multiplying both sides by gives
that is, the result.
Applications
Primality tests
In practice, Wilson's theorem is useless as a primality test because computing (n − 1)! modulo n for large n is computationally complex, and much faster primality tests are known (indeed, even trial division is considerably more efficient).
Used in the other direction, to determine the primality of the successors of large factorials, it is indeed a very fast and effective method. This is of limited utility, however.
Quadratic residues
Using Wilson's Theorem, for any odd prime , we can rearrange the left hand side of
to obtain the equality
This becomes
or
We can use this fact to prove part of a famous result: for any prime p such that p ≡ 1 (mod 4), the number (−1) is a square (quadratic residue) mod p. For supposing p = 4k + 1 for some integer k. Then we can take m = 2k above, and we conclude that (m!)2 is congruent to (−1).
Formulas for primes
Wilson's theorem has been used to construct formulas for primes, but they are too slow to have practical value.
p-adic gamma function
Wilson's theorem allows one to define the p-adic gamma function.
Gauss's generalization
Gauss proved that
where p represents an odd prime and a positive integer. The values of m for which the product is −1 are precisely the ones where there is a primitive root modulo m.
This further generalizes to the fact that in any finite abelian group, either the product of all elements is the identity, or there is precisely one element a of order 2 (but not both). In the latter case, the product of all elements equals a.
See also
Wilson prime
Table of congruences
Notes
References
The Disquisitiones Arithmeticae has been translated from Gauss's Ciceronian Latin into English and German. The German edition includes all of his papers on number theory: all the proofs of quadratic reciprocity, the determination of the sign of the Gauss sum, the investigations into biquadratic reciprocity, and unpublished notes.
.
.
.
External links
Mizar system proof: http://mizar.org/version/current/html/nat_5.html#T22
Modular arithmetic
Factorial and binomial topics
Articles containing proofs
Theorems about prime numbers
Primality tests
Comparative work of the Afroasiatic languages uses a conventionalized set of symbols that are somewhat different than the International Phonetic Alphabet and other phonetic notations. The more salient differences include the letters for IPA , the circumflex diacritic for lateral obstruents, and the sub-dot for emphatic consonants, which depending on the language may be ejective, implosive or pharyngealized.
Conventions
Letters
Phonetic conventions are as follows:
is used only for Egyptian. Its value is not certain.
Sometimes IPA letters are used for the above, e.g. for , for or for , or intermediate notation such as for or for .
Other consonants are familiar from the IPA, may be extended from the patterns in the table (e.g. for , for , or for ).
Palatal/palatalized consonants are indicated with an acute accent: ; retroflex often with a grave accent: etc.; and uvulars sometimes with an inverted breve: etc. may be distinguished as a labialized consonant vs a consonant followed by a rounded vowel.
There is some inconsistency between authors, often reflecting different phonetic interpretations, e.g. for and for , or for and for , or for and for .
Vowels
are long vowels; etc. are short vowels. is a neutral vowel (schwa).
Symbols for reconstruction
Wildcards include:
V for an undetermined vowel: {a, i, u};
H for a laryngeal or pharyngeal consonant: {ḥ, ʕ, ʔ, h};
S for a sibilant: {s, z, c, ʒ, č, ǯ, ṣ, c̣, č̣}.
Thus *bVr- is shorthand for "either *bar- or *bir- or *bur-".
/ means "or", e.g. *gaw/y- is *gaw- or *gay-.
(...) means "with or without", e.g. *ba(w)r- is *bawr- or *bar-.
~ means parallel proto-forms, e.g. *ʕad-at- ~ *ʕidd- means that the proto-form has two variant reconstructions.
See also
Proto-Afroasiatic language
References
Phonetic alphabets
Afroasiatic languages
Santo Domingo Cathedral may refer to:
Basilica Cathedral of Santa María la Menor, Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic
Episcopal Cathedral of the Epiphany-Union Church of Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic
Cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Santo Domingo in Ecuador
Cobán Cathedral (Catedral de Santo Domingo de Guzmán), Guatemala
Basco Cathedral, Philippines, also known as Santo Domingo
Bayombong Cathedral (Santo Domingo de Guzman Cathedral), Nueva Vizcaya, Philippines
Santo Domingo de la Calzada Cathedral, Spain
Micrantheum hexandrum, commonly known as box micrantheum, is a shrub in the family Picrodendraceae.
References
Picrodendraceae
Malpighiales of Australia
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Flora of Tasmania
Zil-e-Huma () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a seat reserved for women from Balochistan in the 2008 Pakistani general election. During her tenure as Member of the National Assembly, she served as federal Parliamentary Secretary for Women Development before being appointed as federal Parliamentary Secretary for the Economic Affairs in June 2011.
References
21st-century Pakistani women politicians
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Women members of the National Assembly of Pakistan
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Assumption of the Virgin, 1475–1476, is a large (228.6 x 377.2 cm) painting in tempera on wood panel by Francesco Botticini. It portrays Mary's assumption and was commissioned as the altarpiece for a church in Florence and is now in the National Gallery, London.
The disciples gather around Mary's lily-filled tomb with looks of amazement. There are donor portraits of Matteo Palmieri, who commissioned the work, kneeling on the left, and his wife on the right. In Heaven above, surrounded by the nine choirs of angels, Jesus raises his hand in blessing to his kneeling mother.
Among the lesser angels around Jesus and Mary are saints. Together with Palmieri's poem La città di vita, this mixing of saints with angels raised questions about the orthodoxy of the donor Palmieri, and possibly that of the painter Botticini himself.
See also
Assumption of the Virgin Mary in art
Marian art in the Catholic Church
Further reading
History of Painting in Italy by Crowe, Joseph Archer and Giovanni Battista Cavalcaselle
Descriptive and historical catalogue of the pictures in the National Gallery: with biographical notices of the painters - Foreign schools; National Gallery, 1906
References
Italian paintings
Paintings depicting Jesus
Botticini
Angels in art
Collections of the National Gallery, London
1476 paintings
The Definitive Rarities Collection – 50 Classic Cuts is a compilation album of songs by Nina Simone, released in 2009.
Track listing
"Compensation" – 4:48
"Please Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" - 3:52
"Stick Together" – 1:48
"Strange Fruit" – 4:18
"Medley Moon of Alabama - In Childhoods Bright Endeavor - In My Life - Stick Together" – 10:39
"Revolution"– 6:27
"In My Life" – 2:05
"Born Under a Bad Sign" – 6:01
"I Can't See Nobody" – 6:10
"Who Am I" – 4:31
"I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel to Be Free" – 6:07
"Save Me" (Ousley, A. Franklin, C. Franklin) – 3:06
"I Shall Be Released" – 4:45
"Ain't Got No, I Got Life" – 4:00
"My Baby Just Cares for Me" – 5:31
"I'm on My Way" – 7:10
"Sinnerman" – 3:06
"Nobody's Fault but Mine" – 3:57
"He's Got the Whole World" – 3:11
"A Mighty Fortress" (instrumental) – 3:11
"The Blood" – 2:48
"Church Jazz" (instrumental) – 7:16
"He's My God" – 1:09
"What A Blessing In Jesus" – 3:47
"Nearer Blessed Lord" – 4:27
"Children Go Where I Send You" – 7:46
"Oh Happy Day" – 8:17
"Revolution" – 4:40
"Mississippi Goddamn" – 4:31
"Old Jim Crow" – 2:19
"Backlash Blues" – 3:07
"Four Women" – 4:10
"Nobody" – 5:08
"I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel to Be Free" – 4:54
"Definition of an Artist" – 3:04
"Why the King of Love Is Dead" – 9:20
"To Be Young, Gifted and Black" – 3:40
"Strange Fruit" – 3:24
"Fine and Mellow" – 5:05
"Tell Me More" – 3:05
"Love Me or Leave Me" – 4:03
"I Got It Bad and That Ain't Good" – 2:37
"Do Nothing till You Hear from Me" – 2:49
"It Doesn't Mean a Thing" – 2:18
"You Don't Know What Love Is" – 4:55
"Just In Time" – 3:55
"Chauffeur" – 2:50
"I Love You Porgy" – 4:02
"I Love To Love" – 4:36
"Wild Is The Wind" – 5:45
References
2009 compilation albums
Nina Simone compilation albums
Sam Katz (Born 7 September 1990) is an English rugby union player, currently playing with Spanish División de Honor de Rugby Club El Salvador. His regular position is fly half.
Career
Sam signs for the Spanish División de Honor de Rugby Club El Salvador until 2024.
Rugby Huddle article on Sam Katz's Rugby journey abroad
Sam achieved 91% kicking accuracy in the Italian Top12 Accuracy Stats for 2019/20 Season
Newspaper Article on Sam's game, personality and winning on a drop goal in La Nuova Venezia
Sam was featured in the Rugby World Special Report - The Life of a Journeyman
Sam has said that one of his best moments in Rugby was to play in the King's Cup Final 2016 Copa del Rey de Rugby in April 2016 in a packed 26,500 seater stadium Estadio José Zorrilla in Valladolid, beating rivals Valladolid RAC 13-9 and to receive a winners' medal from King Felipe VI of Spain.
See Sam in an epic slow motion recap of the Copa del Rey as CR El Salvador beat VRAC Quesos Entrepinares 13-9
Sam is one of the founders of the Global Rugby site https://globalrugby.com/ where Players, Coaches and Clubs can find their next opportunities. Sam is also the host of The Rugby Abroad Podcast https://rugbyabroad.com/
References
Living people
1990 births
Bristol Bears players
Jersey Reds players
The Indian Wireless Telegraph Rules governs the use of wireless devices in India. The act was first drafted in 1949, and then in 1973. It also incorporates clauses from the Indian Telegraph Act, 1885.
References
Indian Wireless Telegraph Rules, 1973 (.doc)
Law of India
Amateur radio in India
1973 in law
Telecommunications law
Alperen Babacan (born 18 July 1997) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Süper Lig club Ankaragücü.
Professional career
Babacan made his senior debut with his hometown club Denizlispor in a 2–2 draw with Karşıyaka on 6 December 2014. Babacan moved to Akhisarspor on 13 July 2017 after a successful season with Denizlispor, scoring five goals from right-back throughout the season.
He made his league debut for Akhisarspor in a 4–2 loss to Galatasaray on 9 December 2017.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Denizli
Turkish footballers
Turkey youth international footballers
Turkey under-21 international footballers
Akhisarspor footballers
Denizlispor footballers
MKE Ankaragücü footballers
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
Association football defenders
The 2007 World Wrestling Championships were held at the Heydar Aliyev Sports and Concert Complex in Baku, Azerbaijan. The event took place from September 17 to September 23, 2007.
Medal table
Team ranking
Medal summary
Men's freestyle
Men's Greco-Roman
Women's freestyle
Participating nations
797 competitors from 92 nations participated.
(2)
(5)
(15)
(13)
(4)
(19)
(1)
(21)
(1)
(5)
(17)
(2)
(17)
(1)
(1)
(21)
(4)
(10)
(2)
(3)
(13)
(2)
(10)
(3)
(3)
(1)
(7)
(2)
(6)
(3)
(8)
(15)
(14)
(21)
(1)
(19)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(19)
(21)
(14)
(13)
(1)
(9)
(16)
(2)
(21)
(2)
(21)
(14)
(12)
(9)
(5)
(3)
(13)
(14)
(4)
(2)
(1)
(5)
(6)
(4)
(1)
(3)
(19)
(1)
(7)
(3)
(18)
(21)
(5)
(6)
(4)
(2)
(5)
(20)
(13)
(9)
(10)
(4)
(6)
(10)
(16)
(5)
(1)
(21)
(21)
(18)
(12)
(6)
References
Results Book
External links
Official website
FILA Wrestling World Championships
World Wrestling Championships
Wrestling World Championships
World
Abdul Samad bin Mohamed Said (born 9 April 1935) is a Malaysian novelist and poet. In May 1976, he was named by Malaysia literature communities and many of the country's linguists as the Pejuang Sastera [Literary Exponent] receiving, within the following decade, the 1979 Southeast Asia Write Award and, in 1986, in appreciation of his continuous writings and contributions to the nation's literary heritage, or Kesusasteraan Melayu, the title Sasterawan Negara or National Leaurate.
Education
A native of the Malaccan Kampung village of Belimbing Dalam, near the town of Durian Tunggal, young Abdul Samad completed his primary education during the World War II years of 1940–46 at Singapore's Sekolah Melayu Kota Raja (Kota Raja Malay School). During the wartime occupation of Malaya and Singapore by the Japanese Empire, he attended the occupying authorities' Sekolah Jepun school for a brief three-month period. Upon the war's conclusion, he furthered his studies at Singapore's Victoria School, graduating in 1956 with Senior Cambridge Certificate. Although starting as a clerk in a hospital, he was soon able to achieve his ambition of becoming a full-time writer in Utusan Melayu, Warta Tebrau and Berita Harian, authoring numerous poems and short stories in the years to come.
Achievements
Pejuang Sastera (1976)
SEA Write Award (1979)
Sasterawan Negara (1985)
Sasterawan Nusantara (1999)
His poem, "The Dead Crow" was translated into English language and was included in the Malaysian lower secondary school English literature curriculum from 2000 to 2009. A survey was done among 360 students and it was found that 10 (2.8%) of the students described the poem as "hardest to understand" of all the poems taught in secondary school.
Works
A.Samad Said wrote in almost all field of literature and creative writing. Two of his notable works are Salina, about a prostitute in Malay pre Independence and Hujan Pagi (translated to English as Morning Post), considered as Malaysia's first magical realism novel. He wrote novel, short stories, poem, essay, drama and article. Among his anthologies are Suara Dari Dinding Dewan (2003) and Dirgahayu Dr. Mahathir & Rindu Ibu (2004). His most recent anthology of essays is Ilham Di Tepi Tasik (2006). A. Samad Said is also known as Hilmy, Isa Dahmuri, Jamil Kelana, Manja, Mesra and Shamsir.
Salina. Kuala Lumpur: Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka, 1961. / Revised edition, 1976. . This version uses the New Rumi Spelling. / Second edition, 1989. ; .
Shōfu Salina (娼婦サリナ). Translated by Tatsuo Hoshino. Tokyo : Imura bunka zigyousya, 1983. . Japanese version of Salina.
Sallinauiyeonindeul (살리나의연인들). Translated by Jong Yeong-nim. Seoul: Chihaksa, 1987. . Korean version of Salina.
Salina. Translated by Hawa Abdullah. Kuala Lumpur: Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka, Ministry of Education Malaysia, 1991. . / Translated by Lalita Sinha. Kuala Lumpur: Institut Terjemahan & Buku Malaysia, Attin Press, 2013. ; . English versions of Salina.
Shā lì nà (莎丽娜). Translated by Yu Yu. Taiyuan: Beiyue Literature and Art Publishing House, 1992. ; . Chinese version of Salina.
Salina. Translated by Laurent Metzger. Paris: L'Harmattan, 1997. ; . French version of Salina.
Salina. Translated by Rosa Maria Glavan Martinez. Kuala Lumpur: Institut Terjemahan & Buku Malaysia, 2014. ; . Spanish version of Salina.
Bulan Tak Bermadu di Fatehpur Sikri. Malacca: Toko Buku Abbas Bandong, 1966. . This version uses Za'aba Spelling and released as Bulan Ta' Bermadu di-Fatehpur Sikri / Revised edition, Subang Jaya, Selangor: Tra-Tra, 1982. .
Sungai Mengalir Lesu. Kuala Lumpur: Pustaka Gunong Tahan, 1967. . / Kuala Lumpur: Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka, 1988. ; . This version is written in Jawi script.
Lazy river Translated by Harry Aveling. Kuala Lumpur: Heinemann Asia, 1981. . English version of Sungai Mengalir Lesu.
Yōuyōu héshuǐ (悠悠河水). Translated by Lee Ngeok Lan. Kuala Lumpur: Institut Terjemahan & Buku Malaysia, 2014. ; . Chinese version of Sungai Mengalir Lesu.
Benih Harapan. Kuala Lumpur: Grafika Sendirian Berhad, 1973. . A poem collection.
Di Hadapan Pulau. Kuala Lumpur: Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka, 1978. ; .
Langit Petang. Kuala Lumpur: Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka, 1980. .
Daerah Zeni. Petaling Jaya: Fajar Bakti, 1985. ; .
Benih Semalu
Daun Semalu Pucuk Paku
Warkah Eropah
Al-Amin
Suara Dari Dinding Dewan
Hujan Pagi
Lantai T Pinkie
Wira Bukit
Adik Datang
Cinta Fansuri
Activism and political views
In 2009, A. Samad Said together with four other literary scholars, campaigned to abolish PPSMI (Teaching of Mathematics and Science in English) in Malaysian secondary schools. He believed that such opposition is needed to prevent the degradation of Malay language usage in Malaysia. He also participated in an anti-PPSMI rally near the Malaysia Royal Palace in order to hand over a memorandum to the palace.
He became the co-chairperson for Bersih 2.0 rally together with Ambiga Sreenevasan in 2011 in order to support a free and fair elections in Malaysia. He also composed a poem named "Unggun Bersih" (Cleansing fire) where the poem became a subject of police investigation for sedition. Disappointed with the lack of electoral reform, he openly supported for Bersih 3.0 rally in the following year. During this rally, he composed another two poems which expressed his disappointment when he was not allowed to go to National Mosque of Malaysia to conduct his prayers and describing a clash between the Bersih 3.0 supporters and authorities guarding the Merdeka Square, Kuala Lumpur. During the 2013 Malaysian general elections, he openly supported Pakatan Rakyat (PR) coalition in order to end the Barisan Nasional (BN) rule in Malaysia, believing that PR can deliver on fixing the problems in Malaysian healthcare, education, and democracy systems. He also criticised BN for using racist, vote-buying, and scare-tactics during the election. In Samad Said's opinion, Chin Peng was not a communist terrorist as depicted by Malaysian government but should be regarded as a freedom fighter and be allowed back to Malaysia from exile in Thailand. This is because Chin Peng had fought against the Japanese and British colonial masters before the independence of Malaya. On 13 June 2015, Samad Said joined Democratic Action Party (DAP). He described the party as a "truly Malaysian party, which is clean, focused, with a genuine Malaysian dream".
Honours
Honours of Malaysia
:
Commander of the Order of the Defender of State (DGPN) - Dato' Seri (2017)
References
External links
A. Samad Said on eSastera
Living people
1935 births
People from Malacca
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian Muslims
Malaysian writers
Malaysian novelists
Malaysian poets
Malay-language poets
Malaysian National Laureates
S.E.A. Write Award winners
Democratic Action Party (Malaysia) politicians
Victoria School, Singapore alumni
Wang Chong (王翀; born 8 January 1982) is an avant-garde theatre director and translator. His works have been performed in 16 countries. Wang's Chinese experimental theatre includes multimedia performance and documentary theatre.
Life
Wang graduated from Peking University with a degree in law and economics. Since then, he has studied theatre in China and the U.S., working with influential directors Lin Zhaohua and Robert Wilson.
In 2008, Wang Chong founded Théatre du Rêve Expérimental (薪传实验剧团), a Beijing-based performance group. It soon became one of the most active touring companies in China. His works include: The Warfare of Landmine 2.0, winning 2013 Festival/Tokyo Award; Lu Xun, noted by The Beijing News as The Best Chinese Performance of Year 2016; Teahouse 2.0, winning One Drama Award The Best Little Theater Performance of Year 2017; Thunderstorm 2.0, noted as one of The Best Ten Little Theatre Works in China, 1982-2012.
At the start of year 2016, Wang stopped using cellphone and social networks. He currently lives in The De-electrified Territory (TDT, or Ting Dian Ting), a self-designed Beijing apartment that has no electricity and no electronics.
Theatre Works
Translations
Plays:
Hamletmachine by Heiner Muller
Crave by Sarah Kane
The Vagina Monologues by Eve Ensler
The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs by Mike Daisey
Constellations by Nick Payne
The Heretic by Richard Bean
Electronic City by Falk Richter
The Arabian Night by Roland Schimmelpfennig
Miss Julie by Katie Mitchell after August Strindberg and Inger Christensen
Father's Braid by Amnon Levy and Rami Danon
Ibsen in One Take by Oda Fiskum (co-translation)
Tokyo Notes by Hirata Oriza (co-translation)
The Bedbug by Meng Jinghui (from Chinese into English)
Other:
The Empty Space by Peter Brook
The Writer's Journey: Mythic Structure For Writers by Christopher Vogler
"Theatre at Its Age of Acceleration" by Thomas Ostermeier
Awards and honors
One Drama Award for Best Little Theater Performance of Year 2017 (Teahouse 2.0)
Best Chinese Production of Year 2016 (Lu Xun), The Beijing News
Festival/Tokyo Award (The Warfare of Landmine 2.0), 2013
Asian Cultural Council Fellowship, 2013
Experimental Artist of the Year, The Beijing News, 2012
Jury Award, Asian Theatre Directors' Festival (Chairs 2.0), 2012
Nomination for Best Production (e-Station), Mont-Laurier International Theatre Festival, 2009
Han Suyin Award for Young Translators, Translators Association of China, 2007
See also
Théatre du Rêve Expérimental
References
External links
Official site
Press coverage
Wang's weibo, disbanded in 2016
1982 births
Living people
Writers from Beijing
Chinese theatre directors
People's Republic of China translators
20th-century Chinese translators
21st-century Chinese translators
Arturo Ballester Marco (1892–1981) was an artist and illustrator known for his Spanish Civil War posters.
Born in Valencia, Spain, Marco studied art at the School of Arts and Trades in the School of San Carlos in Valencia.
Marco's Spanish Civil War posters are among the most noted images from that conflict. Most of the work was for the CNT-FAI. his brother Vincente also designed posters during the civil war.
References
See also
Castillo, Montserrat (1997) Grans il·lustradors catalans del llibre per a infant, 1905-1939 Biblioteca de Catalunya
García García, Manuel . Noticia del cartelista valenciano Artur Ballester Marco . Turia, 1977, n. 692, 25 abr.-1 mayo.
García García, Manuel . Arturo Ballester . Lápiz, 1986, n. 32, marzo, p. 62.
Valencia capital de la República (1936–1986) . Lápiz, 1986, n. 33, abr., p. 76.
García García, Manuel . Arturo Ballester, revisitado . Turia, 1986, n. 1159, 21-27 abr.
García Cortés, José Miguel . Arturo Ballester: un artista multifacético . Papers d'educació i cultura, 1986, n. 16, mayo, p. 29.
Martin, Rupert and Morris, Frances (1986) No Pasarán! Photographs and Posters of the Spanish Civil War. Bristol.
Murió en Valencia Arturo Ballester, uno de los grandes diseñadores gráficos españoles Tenía 89 años, falleció en la pobreza y 15 personas fueron a su entierro JAIME MILLAS, - Valencia - 23 June 1981
Art i propaganda: cartells de la Universitat de València By Universitat de València
Spanish poster artists
Spanish illustrators
1981 deaths
1892 births
Phtheochroa gigantica is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Federal District of Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1920
Phtheochroa
Vote for Change? 2004 is a 2008 American documentary film produced and directed by Rick Charnoski and Coan Nichols. It follows the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam on the 2004 Vote for Change tour.
Plot
The film follows Pearl Jam on the 2004 Vote for Change tour, a politically motivated American popular music concert tour that took place in October 2004. The live performance footage of Pearl Jam is intercut with interviews with the members of the band, its fans, and people on the street about voting and politics. The film's timespan runs from just prior to the start of the tour to Election Day 2004.
Production
In April 2004, independent filmmakers Rick Charnoski and Coan Nichols met Pearl Jam bassist Jeff Ament. Ament had been a fan of the filmmakers' skateboarding films (Fruit of the Vine, Northwest, Tent City, etc.). He asked them if they would be interested in working with Pearl Jam, and mentioned that the band would be going out on the Vote for Change tour prior to the 2004 presidential election.
The filmmakers began shooting in October 2004 in Seattle, Washington at Pearl Jam's rehearsal sessions. They traveled with Pearl Jam through Reading, Pennsylvania, Toledo, Ohio, Grand Rapids, Michigan, St. Louis, Missouri, Asheville, North Carolina and Kissimmee, Florida. The film was shot entirely in Super-8. The soundtrack was recorded and mixed by Pearl Jam's sound engineer, Brett Eliason.
Release
After the tour, Charnoski and Nichols edited the film, but held off on releasing it due to the outcome of the 2004 election. Charnoski and Nichols said that they decided to release the film before the 2008 presidential election to "remind people why it is so important to vote." The film was released digitally and for free through Pearl Jam's official website in the days prior to Election Day 2008. Pearl Jam's official website offered a contest for Pearl Jam fans to host their own movie premieres on November 3, 2008. Among the prizes for the 50 winners were DVDs of the film.
References
External links
Trailer for Vote for Change? 2004 on Nichols/Charnoski Productions' homepage (QuickTime)
2008 films
Concert films
American independent films
Internet films
Rockumentaries
Pearl Jam
2004 United States presidential election in popular culture
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Frelinghuysen University was a university in Washington, D.C., "devoted in perpetuo to Education of Colored Adults". It "aim[ed] to meet some of the educational needs and demands of colored working folk who are past the age of public school advantages and unable for obvious reasons to meet the requirements of a full day-time college or university." Its classes met outside of business hours; it offered "part-time adult schooling".
History
The Washington branch of the Bible Educational Association was established in 1906 at the home of Jesse and Rosetta Lawson. Kelly Miller was chosen to be the president. At the same time they established the Inter-Denominational Bible College and named Jesse Lawson as its president. Frelinghuysen University was founded in 1917 when the two organizations combined. It was named for New Jersey senator Frederick T. Frelinghuysen. He, with Senator Charles Sumner of Massachusetts, promoted civil rights during Reconstruction and was Secretary of State during the Chester A. Arthur administration. The school's mission was to provide academic, vocational, and religious education for African-American working-class adults.
Its programs were held in private homes and businesses throughout Washington until 1921. The Goodwin House served as the University's first permanent building from 1921 to 1927. In 1927 it moved to a larger building at 601 M Street NW. The University found the mortgage payments to be unsustainable, and it moved to the home of its president, Anna J. Cooper, at 201 T Street NW. She donated her equity in her home, almost free of mortgage, to the University. The school was accredited starting in 1927 and conferred degrees from then until 1937. After that time Frelinghuysen lost its accreditation, and changed its name to the Frelinghuysen Group of Schools for Colored Working People. The school started to decline until it was dissolved in the 1950s.
The Edwin P. Goodwin house
Its first permanent building, the Edwin P. Goodwin House, also known as the Former Classroom Building, is a historic structure located in the Shaw neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of Washington, D.C. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
Diller B. Groff built the house in 1879. It was built for Edwin P. Goodwin, an insurance agent, and his family. The structure is a two-story brick Queen Anne style building. It follows a triangular plan with an octagonal corner tower. Other architectural features include corbelling, patterned slate roof and intricate iron finials.
In 1992 its condition before renovation was described by real estate historian Paul K. Williams, who bought it for $90,000, as an "abandoned dump".
Archival material
Howard University holds Cooper's collection of Frelinghuysen memorabilia, which it has digitized: https://dh.howard.edu/ajc_freling/
References
African-American history of Washington, D.C.
Houses completed in 1879
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Queen Anne architecture in Washington, D.C.
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Washington, D.C.
1906 establishments in Washington, D.C.
1917 establishments in Washington, D.C.
1950s disestablishments in Washington, D.C.
Freling
Historically segregated African-American schools in Washington, D.C.
Adult education in the United States
Defunct private universities and colleges in Washington, D.C.
Defunct high schools in the United States
Samuel S. Yoder (August 16, 1841 – May 11, 1921) was an American Civil War veteran and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1887 to 1891.
Biography
Born in Berlin, Ohio, Yoder attended the common schools, Wooster (Ohio) University, and graduated from the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor.
Civil War
During the American Civil War, he enlisted in the Union Army in the One Hundred and Twenty-eighth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry, beginning April 19, 1862. He rose to the rank of lieutenant and served until the end of the war. After the war, he studied medicine and practiced in Bluffton, Ohio, where he served as mayor from 1868 to 1878.
Political career
Yoder moved to Lima, Ohio, in 1878, and began to study law. He was admitted to the bar in 1880 and commenced practice in Lima. He served as member of the Democratic State executive committee from 1883 to 1885, and as judge of the probate court of Allen County from February 1882 to October 1886, when he resigned, having been elected to Congress.
Yoder was elected as a Democrat to the Fiftieth and Fifty-first Congresses (March 4, 1887 – March 3, 1891). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1890.
Later career and death
He served as Sergeant at Arms of the House of Representatives from December 8, 1891, to August 7, 1893. He continued the practice of law and also engaged in the real estate business in Washington, D.C., until his death. He is interred in Arlington National Cemetery.
See also
References
Retrieved on 2008-02-11
1841 births
1921 deaths
Sergeants at Arms of the United States House of Representatives
University of Michigan alumni
Union Army officers
Ohio state court judges
People from Berlin, Holmes County, Ohio
People from Bluffton, Ohio
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Ohio lawyers
Mayors of places in Ohio
College of Wooster alumni
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Physicians from Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
A bit plane of a digital discrete signal (such as image or sound) is a set of bits corresponding to a given bit position in each of the binary numbers representing the signal.
For example, for 16-bit data representation there are 16 bit planes: the first bit plane contains the set of the most significant bit, and the 16th contains the least significant bit.
It is possible to see that the first bit plane gives the roughest but the most critical approximation of values of a medium, and the higher the number of the bit plane, the less is its contribution to the final stage. Thus, adding a bit plane gives a better approximation.
If a bit on the nth bit plane on an m-bit dataset is set to 1, it contributes a value of 2m−n, otherwise it contributes nothing. Therefore, bit planes can contribute half of the value of the previous bit plane. For example, in the 8-bit value 10110101 (181 in decimal) the bit planes work as follows:
A bit plane is sometimes used as synonymous to Bitmap; however, technically the former refers to the location of the data in memory and the latter to the data itself.
One aspect of using bit-planes is determining whether a bit-plane is random noise or contains significant information.
One method for calculating this is to compare each pixel to three adjacent pixels , and . If the pixel is the same as at least two of the three adjacent pixels, it is not noise. A noisy bit-plane will have 49% to 51% pixels that are noise.
Applications
Media file formats
As an example, in PCM sound encoding the first bit in the sample denotes the sign of the function, or in other words defines the half of the whole amplitude values range, and the last bit defines the precise value. Replacement of more significant bits result in more distortion than replacement of less significant bits. In lossy media compression that uses bit-planes it gives more freedom to encode less significant bit-planes and it is more critical to preserve the more significant ones.
As illustrated in the image above, the early bitplanes, particularly the first, may have constant runs of bits, and thus can be efficiently encoded by run-length encoding. This is done (in the transform domain) in the Progressive Graphics File image format, for instance.
Bitmap displays
Some computers displayed graphics in bit-plane format, most notably PC with EGA graphics card, the Amiga and Atari ST, contrasting with the more common packed format. This allowed certain classes of image manipulation to be performed using bitwise operations (especially by a blitter chip), and parallax scrolling effects.
Video motion estimation
Some motion estimation algorithms can be performed using bit planes (e.g. after the application of a filter to turn salient edge features into binary values). This can sometimes provide a good enough approximation for correlation operations with minimal computational cost. This relies on an observation that the spatial information is more significant than the actual values. Convolutions may be reduced to bit shift and popcount operations, or performed in dedicated hardware.
Neural nets
Bitplane formats may be used for passing images to Spiking neural networks, or low precision approximations to neural networks/convolutional neural networks.
Programs
Many image processing packages can split an image into bit-planes. Open source tools such as Pamarith from Netpbm and Convert from ImageMagick can be used to generate bit-planes.
See also
Color depth
Planar
Binary image
References
A bit data structures
Wayne Rooney's Street Striker (also known as Coke Zero Street Striker due to a sponsorship deal with Coca-Cola) was a British reality television series that was broadcast on Sky1 and in high definition on Sky1 HD. The prize for the winners of the competition included trips to a football training camp in Brazil and South Africa for the 2010 FIFA World Cup Final.
Background
Wayne Rooney plays as a striker for Manchester United and the England national team. He is one of the most recognised footballers in England and world football. He grew up in Croxteth, an inner-city part of Liverpool and practised his skills in the streets near his house, and it was this upbringing that inspired the show. The idea of Wayne Rooney's Street Striker came about in 2008 and the first series was filmed and broadcast in October and November of that year around the area of Stockport just outside Manchester. The aim was to find a talented young footballer who could perform a range of tricks.
Format
The show takes the form of a contest to find the most skillful street footballer in the United Kingdom. It is fronted by Rooney and former professional footballer Andy Ansah. England women's team footballer Sue Smith was also involved for the first two series.
During the first two series of Street Striker, young hopefuls around the UK were put to their test at trials, and only 24 talented footballers made it to the television show to appear on the episodes and perform in front of Rooney.
In the third series, the search for the UK's most talented street striker was bigger than ever, with massive open-auditions held in both Manchester and Birmingham. Talented youngsters were also scouted from numerous eleven-a-side football clubs and five-a-side Power League teams all over the country.
Ansah scouted all around the UK for talent, and brought to Rooney 100 talented young footballers who had the potential to be crowned Wayne Rooney's Street Striker 2010.
Rooney had also upped the age limit to 16- to 24-year-olds, he wanted better talent, ability, mental strength and attitude than what he had in the previous two series of Street Striker.
In the first episode, it shows the Top 100 Street Footballers of the UK being whittled down to just 20, who would then go on and perform in very difficult street football challenges in front of Wayne Rooney and be judged by him. This year contestants had to perform in front of massive crowds, which only added to the pressure to perform well.
Contestants who made it through to the Final 20 in Street Striker 2010 included River, Hollie, Ricky, Mamus, Rosie, Alando, Lee, Jay, Jamie, Shpresim, Shannon, Daniel, Olly, Charlotte, Chris, Craig and others. Ricky won.
The prize for the winner of the first series, Travis Beckford was a trip to a football training camp in Brazil, while the second series winner, Ashleigh Goddard, won tickets to the 2010 FIFA World Cup Final in Johannesburg, South Africa.
It was confirmed that the prize for the winner of the third series who was Jack Erritt from Haywards Heath would win a trip to Wales, where they will visit street football projects in the Swansea community. They also get the chance to see the professional side Swansea FC play a match and perform some of their skills on the pitch at half-time.
Broadcast
The first series consisted of three episodes but the second and third series had one extra episode. The first series was broadcast on Sky1 on Sunday evenings at 7pm, beginning on 30 November 2008. The second series began on 8 November 2009 and ran for four weeks. The third series started airing on Sky1 and Sky1 HD on 14 November 2010.
References
External links
Sky UK original programming
2000s British reality television series
2010s British reality television series
2008 British television series debuts
2010 British television series endings
British sports television series
Association football reality television series
2000s British sports television series
2010s British sports television series
The 2012–13 América season was the 66th professional season of Mexico's top-flight football league. The season is split into two tournaments—the Torneo Apertura and the Torneo Clausura—each with identical formats and each contested by the same eighteen teams. América began their season on July 21, 2012 against Monterrey, América played most of their homes games on Saturdays at 5:00pm local time.
On May 26, 2013, América won the eleventh league title in their history by defeating Cruz Azul 4–2 on penalty kicks after a comeback from a 0–1 first leg loss to tie 2–2 on aggregate. With this, América become the most successful club, along with Guadalajara, in Mexico.
Torneo Apertura
Squad
Out on loan
Regular season
Apertura 2012 results
Final phase
América advanced 3–2 on aggregate
Toluca advanced 3–2 on aggregate
Goalscorers
Regular season
Source:
Final phase
Results
Results summary
Results by round
Apertura 2012 Copa MX
Group stage
Apertura results
Goalscorers
Results
Results by round
Torneo Clausura
Squad
Regular season
Clausura 2013 results
Final phase
América advanced 3–1 on aggregate
América advanced 4–3 on aggregate
América won 4–2 on penalties
Goalscorers
Regular season
Source:
Final phase
Results
Results summary
Results by round
Clausura 2013 Copa MX
Group stage
Clausura results
Knockout stage
Goalscorers
Results
Results by round
References
Mexican football clubs 2012–13 season
2012-13
Lampropeltis triangulum sinaloae, commonly known as the Sinaloan milk snake, is an egg-laying subspecies of nonvenomous colubrid snake. It is one of the most commonly bred milk snakes in captivity. It is a fairly docile subspecies and will rarely bite. However, if handled, it may discharge a pungent smelling exudate from the cloaca as a warning. The Sinaloan milk snake inhabits the rocky and semi-arid drylands of southwestern Sonora, Sinaloa, and southwestern Chihuahua (Mexico).
Description
The Sinaloan milk snake is predominantly blood red with distinct rings or bands of black which have thinner cream-colored, whitish, or (rarely) light cream-yellow bands within the black bands. The red rings are bordered near the edge of the ventrals by black pigment, leaving the center of the triad (on the ventral side) with a creamy white. The Sinaloan milk snake is easily distinguished from other subspecies because of the very broad bands of red which are much more prominent than in most other subspecies (far wider than the black bands). The head is black with a cream-colored band just behind the eyes across the top of the head. The belly is creamy-white. Fully grown adults can reach a length of approx. 120 cm. or more in some cases. Like other milk snakes, the Sinaloan milk snake is very agile.
Habitat
The Sinaloan milk snake inhabits the dry, arid and rocky semi-desert regions in southwestern Sonora, Sinaloa and southwestern Chihuahua, Mexico. They are often found during the day resting beneath loose rocks, in rock crevices or beneath cactus plants. In areas close to urbanization, they are also found in barns and under piles of wood. Like other milk snakes, the Sinaloan milk snake is nocturnal and feeds after dark and at night. Milk snakes are much more opportunistic eaters than fox snakes or corn snakes. They have been known to consume a variety of animals including rodents, eggs, birds, reptiles, amphibians and invertebrates. Nevertheless, the diet of an adult milk snake still primarily consists of rodents.
Reproduction
The Sinaloan milk snake mates from early May to late June, sometimes twice a year. The brumation period is between November to February. The female lays an average of 5-15 elongated eggs beneath rotting wood, boards, rocks and rotting vegetation. The eggs hatch after about 60 days. Like other members of the king snake family, the Sinaloan milk snake sometimes eats other snakes and does have at least some immunity to their venom.
In captivity
Sinaloan milk snakes adapt well in captivity if kept between 80 and 85 degrees Fahrenheit, with a nighttime temperature drop of 5 to 10 degrees. Temperature control is important, as it maintains the animal's feeding response and digestion. Cages should be escape-proof and fresh water provided at all times. King snakes and milk snakes must be housed separately (except during the breeding season) because they are cannibalistic.
They can be flighty and will typically defecate when initially handled, though they will rarely bite. They become more docile with regular handling.
References
External links
Milk snake information
Lampropeltis
Reptiles of Mexico
Reptiles of the United States
Taxa named by Kenneth L. Williams
The 1905 Wesleyan Methodists football team represented Wesleyan University during the 1905 college football season. The team was led by Howard R. Reiter and posted a 7–2–1 record, losing only to national champion Yale in the first official week of play, before losing to Swarthmore in the final week of play. The game were played at Andrus Field, the oldest continuously used American football field in the world. The team's quarterback was Hall of Famer Harry Van Surdam.
Schedule
References
Wesleyan
Wesleyan Cardinals football seasons
Wesleyan Methodists football
Charles Lindbergh (1902–1974) was an American aviator.
Charles Lindbergh may also refer to:
Charles August Lindbergh (1859–1924), U.S. Representative from Minnesota and father of the aviator
Charles Augustus Lindbergh, Junior (1930-1932), son of the aviator and subject of the famous Lindbergh kidnapping
See also
Charles W. Lindberg (1920–2007), veteran of, and flag raiser at, the Battle of Iwo Jima
San Diego International Airport, also known locally as Lindbergh Field
The 1971 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 40th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Galway entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated by Mayo on a scoreline of 1-7 to 0-9 in the Connacht semi-final.
On 26 September 1971, Mayo won the championship following a 2-15 to 2-7 defeat of Cork in the All-Ireland final. This was their fourth All-Ireland title overall and their first title in five championship seasons.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
References
1971
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
The Ghost Breaker is a 1909 haunted house farcical play written by Paul Dickey and Charles W. Goddard, it was adapted into a 1940 film starring Bob Hope called The Ghost Breakers'.The New York Times
It had also been adapted in a 1914 film, The Ghost Breaker (1914 film) and a 1922 film, The Ghost Breaker (1922 film). It later was the basis of the 1953 Martin and Lewis movie Scared Stiff and was also an inspiration for the 1984 film Ghostbusters''.
The play was also adapted in a 1915 book of the same name.
References
External links
(from the novel)
1909 plays
American plays
Comedy plays
The Perak Museum () is a public museum located at the junction of Jalan Muzium (Museum Road) and Jalan Taming Sari (Main Road) in Taiping, Perak, Malaysia. It is the oldest museum in Malaysia and highlights the history of the state.
History
The Perak Museum in Taiping is the first and oldest museum in Malaysia. It was founded in 1883 by Sir Hugh Low, the fourth British Resident of Perak (1877 to 1889). It owes its establishment to the fund-raising efforts of Sir Hugh Low and Sir Frank Swettenham, Resident of Perak from 1889 to 1895, Resident-General of the Federated Malay States (now Malaysia) in 1896–1901, and Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Straits Settlements 1901–1904.
The museum was initially concerned with natural history particularly ethnography, zoology, botany and geology, all key areas of interest of its founder Sir Hugh Low. Its first curator was Mr. Leonard Wray Jr., a botanist, geologist and Superintendent of Government Hill at Larut (1883 to 1903).
In the beginning, the museum was housed in some renovated government offices while the main building of Neo-classical design was under construction in 1883. The building comprised an office, library and exhibition hall (Gallery A) and was only completed in 1886 due to lack of funds. In 1889, extensions to the museum's front and back were added. A new exhibition hall (Gallery B) was constructed in 1891 to 1893. As the collection of exhibits grew, a new two-storey building (Gallery C and D) were added from 1900 to 1903.
This museum should not to be confused with The Perak Museum in Ipoh erected in 1926 by a rich and successful tin miner called Foo Choong Kit.
See also
List of museums in Malaysia
List of tourist attractions in Perak
References
External links
Museums in Perak
Taiping, Perak
Scholanda Michelle (Robinson) Davis (born January 9, 1983) is an American professional women's basketball player in the WNBA, most recently with the Tulsa Shock.
Davis was born in Miami, Florida and attended Miami Edison High School before attending Louisiana State University. She graduated in 2006 and was selected 14th overall in the 2006 WNBA Draft by the Sacramento Monarchs.
LSU statistics
Source
References
External links
WNBA Player Profile
1983 births
Living people
American women's basketball players
Basketball players from Miami
LSU Lady Tigers basketball players
Sacramento Monarchs players
San Antonio Stars players
Shooting guards
Tulsa Shock players
Dr George Freeland Barbour Simpson FRSE FRCPE FRCSE JP (21 September 1874 – 8 April 1958) was a 20th-century Scottish physician and gynaecologist. In 1913 he served as President of the Obstetrical Society of Edinburgh.
Life
He was born on 21 September 1874 at 52 Queen Street in Edinburgh the son of Margaret Stewart Barbour, sister of Alexander Hugh Freeland Barbour, and her husband Alexander Russell Simpson. The house where they lived had been inherited on the death of his great uncle, James Young Simpson.
He was educated at George Watson's College (1884-1892), and then studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh, graduating with an MB ChB in 1898 and gaining his MD in 1905.
He followed in his father's shoes as head Physician of the Simpson Maternity Hospital in Edinburgh (named after his great uncle). He also lectured in gynaecology at the University of Edinburgh.
In 1908 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposers were Daniel John Cunningham, Alexander Crum Brown, James Cossar Ewart and Cargill Gilston Knott.
In World War I he served as a Major in the Royal Army Medical Corps.
He died at home, 5 Randolph Cliff in Edinburgh on 8 April 1958. He is buried with his parents in Grange Cemetery in south Edinburgh.
Family
In 1899 he married his cousin Caroline Elizabeth Barbour. Their children included Alexander Rudolph Barbour Simpson (1900-1977).
His brother was the scientist James Young Simpson, and his cousin the politician George Freeland Barbour.
Publications
The Edinburgh Stereoscopic Atlas of Obstetrics (1909) a curious 3D medical book
References
1874 births
1958 deaths
Medical doctors from Edinburgh
People educated at George Watson's College
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Scottish obstetricians
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Poets & Saints is the third and final studio album from American Christian worship duo All Sons & Daughters. The album was released on September 2, 2016 by Integrity Music. It was produced by Chad Copelin and mixed by Shane D. Wilson and Sean Moffit. On December 6, 2016, it was announced that Poets & Saints would be nominated for a Grammy Award in the Best Contemporary Christian Music Album category.
Background
The Sons & Daughters duo, Leslie Jordan and David Leonard went to Europe with renowned author and pastor Jamie George and a film crew. They traced the lives of notable historic Christian figures like C. S. Lewis, Saint Patrick, John Newton, Saint Thérèse, Saint Francis, William Cowper, George MacDonald and others with the end result being the composition of the songs in the album inspired by the trip. Jamie George wrote a companion book titled Poets & Saints: Eternal Insight, Extravagant Love, Ordinary People published it in conjunction with the album. In addition to the album and the book, a video curriculum and a study guide, Poets & Saints: A Community Experience, in which George, Jordan and Leonard collaborated on to create were released alongside the album.
Critical reception
Awarding the album four stars out of five on Jesus Freak Hideout, Timothy Estabrooks says that "Poets & Saints is definitely a worship album but it has a minimalist singer-songwriter feel to it that is appealing." Estabrooks, in conclusion, found the album to be "a thoughtful, musically excellent release with a sincere heart of worship," and that although "excellent for quiet contemplation and meditation," most songs will "find comfortable homes being sung in churches,". Jonathan Harris of Cross Rhythms rates the album eight-out-of-ten squares, stating that "This album is a great worship collection and lyrically never loses focus on Biblical truth and heavenly perspective." Matt Conner of CCM Magazine rated the album four-and-a-half-out-of-five stating that album "feels familiar within the duo's catalog, marked by intimate warmth, but never tired. It's a tender gift with lovely tracks that guide the listener into the presence of God with a focus on the heart and character of God." Mikayla Shriver, affixing a four and a half star rating upon the album at New Release Today, says the album "is not only a history lesson combined with worship, but it also experiments with combining several musical elements: jazz, folk, bluegrass, country and contemporary worship." Rating the album five stars for Louder Than the Music, Jono Davies says: "All Sons & Daughters already have a solid fan base and this album will do no harm for them in gaining some new fans to their music. Yet for me this really could be their best album yet. It's the Sons and Daughters album I have invested the most time in." Davies went on to list "You Hold It All Together", "This is my Inheritance" and "I Surrender" as the standout tracks of the album. Bestowing three-point-seven stars to the album for Today's Christian Entertainment, Laura Chambers feels that the album "provides us with many extra-Biblical examples of faithful men and women that prove reliance on Christ isn't just a relic of the first century, but has and will continue to be our best hope for this life and the one to come." The Christian Beat's Madeline Dittmer, says "Poets & Saints is truly a treat to listen to."
Marcy Donelson, reviewing for AllMusic, says that the album "delivers more of the soft-spoken, country-folk-flavored Christian music that they introduced on their 2012 debut, and which landed them on the Billboard 200 with their eponymous follow-up." In a review for Hallels, Timothy Yap lists "I Surrender", "This My Inheritance" and "My Roving Heart" as prime cuts of the album and concluded that though the duo "try to go deep in allowing the history of the church to influence their lyrics, most of the songs are just not singable" and that in a congregational setting "these songs will not cut it". Worship Team Coach's Andrea Hamilton Binley drew to this conclusion: "The concept behind this album is unique, meaningful, and lines up perfectly with the band's sound and style. ... All Sons & Daughters has wrapped timeless truths in a relatable, beautiful package, and which I believe will strengthen the Church." Dan Wunderlich's review on Defining Grace says: "Much of the contemporary worship music written and released today focuses in on the emotions and experiences of the singer. Even when a song quotes Scripture or a line from a hymn, it often feels in service to what the modern-day songwriter has composed. ... Poets & Saints feels like it does the opposite — our lives and experiences today are illustrative of the truth found in the writings of those that came before." Tori Ten Hagen of Hollywood Jesus says that " as I have listened to each of these songs I feel that they reach so much deeper than just one place time, person or setting. Each track on this album was inspired because of a life that was lived, out of suffering that was experienced and/or because of an inspiring moment in time, and All Sons & Daughters have taken each of these things and connected them to our lives today." Luchae Williams, reviewing for Gateway News, believes that "All Sons & Daughters have given of themselves to produce a collection of songs that is beautifully and thoughtfully crafted, for the glory of God."
Singles
On June 3, 2016, a radio version of "I Surrender" was released by Integrity Music as the first single of the album.
Awards and accolades
On December 6, 2016, it was announced that Poets & Saints would be nominated for a Grammy Award in the Best Contemporary Christian Music Album category at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards.
Track listing
Chart performance
References
2016 albums
All Sons & Daughters albums
The 1930 Southern Conference men's basketball tournament took place from February 28–March 4, 1930, at Municipal Auditorium in Atlanta, Georgia. The Alabama Crimson Tide won their first Southern Conference title, led by head coach Hank Crisp.
Bracket
* Overtime game
Championship
All-Southern tournament team
See also
List of Southern Conference men's basketball champions
References
Tournament
Southern Conference men's basketball tournament
Southern Conference men's basketball tournament
Southern Conference men's basketball tournament
Southern Conference men's basketball tournament
Maina Maaji Lawan (born 12 July 1954) a former governor and former senator for Borno State and a businessman-farmer, the CEO of Dansarki Farms.
Background
Maina Ma'aji Lawan, CON, was born 12 July 1954 at Kauwa in Kukawa Local Government Area of Borno State, Nigeria. He finished his primary education at Kukawa in 1967 and proceeded to Government College Keffi for his secondary education between 1968 and 1972. In 1977, he graduated from Ahmadu Bello University, iwhere he obtained a BSc degree in business administration, specializing in finance.
Political career
While in active politics, he was a member of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), the Great Nigerian Peoples Party (GNPP), The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), the Nigerian Peoples Party (ANPP), and the Progressives Congress (APC). He was elected into the House of Representatives at the age of twenty-four on the platform of the GNPP to represent Kukawa Southeast Federal constituency between 1979 and 1983.
In December 1991, Lawan was elected Governor of Borno State and served until the 17th of November 1993 when the third republic was aborted by a military coup. In the transition programmes that followed, Lawan was elected Senator for Borno Nort first in 1998 on the platform of UNCP under the Abacha Transition which was itself aborted and thereafter elected three times into the Senate from the same constituency, his last election being in 2011 after which he declined to contest.
During his sojourn in the Senate, Lawan was at various times the Deputy Senate Leader, Senate Minority leader, chairman Senate committees on special projects, National Population and Identity, Vice Chairman Senate committees on appropriation and Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) as well as member of several standing and ad-hoc committees including but not limited to National Security and Intelligence, Constitutional Amendment, Finance, Petroleum, and Niger Delta Development Commission.
In 2011, Lawan was conferred with the National Honour of the “Commander of the Order of Niger” (CON) based on his various roles in national development.
Business endeavour
Lawan established several businesses from the early 1980s to date.
He was the managing director of Madison Nigeria Limited (1982-1991), chairman and CEO of Comodex Ltd (1995 to date), Chairman CEO KBB Engineering Ltd 1999 to date and Chairman CEO of Dansarki Farms Ltd (2007 to date).
References
Living people
1954 births
Governors of Borno State
Peoples Democratic Party members of the Senate (Nigeria)
All Nigeria Peoples Party politicians
Members of the House of Representatives (Nigeria)
20th-century Nigerian politicians
21st-century Nigerian politicians
V 303 Tannenberg was a German fishing trawler that was requistioned in the Second World War by the Kriegsmarine for use as a vorpostenboot. She was returned to her owners post war. In 1958, she was re-engined and converted to a cargo ship. In 1970 she was sold to Greece and renamed Panaghia. She was sold to Panama in 1975 and was renamed Nikos then Chantal. She was wrecked in 1978.
Description
The ship was long, with a beam of . She had a depth of and a draught of . She was assessed at , . She was powered by a triple expansion steam engine, which had cylinders of , and diameter by stroke. The engine was built by Deschimag Seebeckwerft, Wesermünde, Germany. It was rated at 92nhp. It drove a single screw propeller, and could propel the ship at .
History
Tannenberg was built at yard number 527 by Deschimag Seebeckwerft, Wesermünde for the Nordsee Deutsche Hochseefischerei AG, Cuxhaven. She was launched in May 1935 and completed in July. The fishing boat registration HC 293 was allocated, as were the Code Letters DJPI.
On 23 September 1939, Tannenberg was requistioned by the Kriegsmarine for use as a vorpostenboot. She was allocated to 3 Vorpostenflotille as V 303 Tannenburg. On 5 January 1941, she sank or was sunk. She was raised, repaired and returned to service.
Tannenberg was returned to her owners post-war. In 1948, her registration was changed to BX 541. In 1958, she was sold to E. Böse, Emden, West Germany. In that year, a diesel engine was fitted and she was converted to a cargo ship. The engine was a four stroke single acting type. It had 6 cylinders of diameter by stroke. It was built by Klöckner-Humboldt-Deutz, Köln, West Germany, and propelled the vessel at a speed of . She was sold to K. Kruse, Emden in 1966. In 1970, Tannenberg was sold to Greece and renamed Panaghia. She was sold to Panama in 1975 and was renamed Nikos, then Chantal later that year. On 25 June 1978, Chantal sprang a leak off Cape Engaño, Dominican Republic and was beached. She was declared a total loss.
References
Sources
External links
Colour photograph of Chantal
1935 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
Fishing vessels of Germany
Steamships of Germany
World War II merchant ships of Germany
Auxiliary ships of the Kriegsmarine
Maritime incidents in January 1941
Fishing vessels of West Germany
Steamships of West Germany
Fishing vessels of Greece
Merchant ships of Panama
Maritime incidents in 1978
Shipwrecks in the Caribbean Sea
Stanislas Spero Adotevi (born 4 February 1934) is a Beninese politician, civil servant and UNICEF official. He served in Benin's government as Minister of Information in 1963 and as Minister of Culture between 1965 and 1968. He was later Director of the Institute of Applied Research and Director of the National Archives and Museums. In 1981 he was appointed as UNICEF Representative in the Republic of Upper Volta (Burkina Faso) and in 1987 he became the UNICEF Regional Director for West and Central Africa, directing UNICEF's work in 23 African countries. In 1995 he was appointed Special Advisor to UNICEF Executive Director Carol Bellamy.
References
Government ministers of Benin
UNICEF people
1934 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Beninese officials of the United Nations
Sfortia Ponzoni (born in 1582 in Venice) was an Italian clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Split-Makarska. He was appointed bishop in 1616. He died in 1640.
References
1582 births
1640 deaths
Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops of Split
Thomas Allason (1790–1852) was an English architect, surveyor and landscaper, noted in particular for his work at Connaught Square and the Ladbroke Estate in Kensington.
Early life
Allason was born in London, England, in 1790. He studied architecture under William Atkinson (1774/5–1839), and won the silver medal of the Royal Academy School in 1809.
In 1814 Allason visited Greece. He claimed to have been the first to spot entasis on the shafts of Greek columns, although Charles Robert Cockerell (1788–1863) and Carl Haller von Hallerstein (1774–1817), whom Allason had met while in Athens, had also observed this.
Allason was a skilled draughtsman and in 1819 he published a series of engravings entitled Picturesque Views of the Antiquities of Pola in Istria. The plates themselves were engraved by WB. Cooke, George Cooke, Henry Moses, and Cosmo Armstrong. The book was published by John Murray in 1819.
Architecture
Few of Allason's buildings have survived into the modern era. Perhaps his most enduring legacy is his work on Connaught Square, and on the Ladbroke Estate in Kensington, London. In 1821 James Weller Ladbroke inherited his family's then largely rural estate on the western edges of London, and soon set about planning its development. Ladbroke left the actual business of developing his land to the firm of City solicitors, Smith, Bayley (known as Bayley and Janson after 1836), who worked with Allason to develop the property. Allason's first task was to prepare a plan for the layout of the main portion of the estate, which was completed by 1823. The plan marks the genesis of his most enduring idea - the creation of large private communal gardens enclosed by terraces and/or crescents of houses.
Allason's 1823 design was evidently inspired by the work of John Nash (1752-1835) at Regent's Park, and his vision was an ambitious one, consisting of a spectacular estate, focused on a large central circus with radiating streets built around central "paddocks" or garden squares. Allason's purpose was to combine the bucolic pleasures of the countryside with the urban amenities of the city. However, the financial crisis of 1825 forced his plans to be greatly scaled down, and this original bold vision would never be fulfilled. Nonetheless, eventually around fifteen of these communal garden squares would be built, and they continue to contribute to the unique character of Notting Hill to this day.
Allason's own house in Linden Gardens (now demolished) was illustrated in John Claudius Loudon's Encyclopaedia of Cottage, Farm, and Villa Architecture (1846), and he designed a studio for the artist William Mulready (1786–1863) at Linden Grove, Bayswater, in 1827.
Among his other architectural works was the Alliance Fire Office, Bartholomew Lane, London, demolished in 1841. He also oversaw the development of the Pitt Estate, Kensington, from 1844, designed Pyrgo Park, Romford, Essex, (built in 1851, and demolished by the local council in 1940), and was involved in the d'Este Estate, Ramsgate, Kent.
His son, Thomas George Dickson Allason (d. 1868), was also an architect, and lived at 1 Connaught Square. Another son, Alfred, was grandfather of the Conservative politician James Allason.
Notes
References
Thomas Allason, Picturesque Views Of The Antiquities Of Pola, John Murray, 1819. ASIN: B002CZ3HHY
Barbara Denny, Notting Hill and Holland Park Past, Historical Publications, 1993.
Derry Moore, Notting Hill, Frances Lincoln Ltd, 2007.
Robert Gray, A History of London, Hutchinson, 1978.
External links
Thomas Allason at answers.com Retrieved 16 January 2010.
Thomas Allason at Istrianet.org Retrieved 16 January 2010.
Pyrgo Park at architecture.com Retrieved 16 January 2010.
The Gentleman's Magazine and Historical Review, Volume 221, p. 526 (1852). Retrieved 16 January 2010.
Photographs of Pyrgo Park Retrieved September 2013
History of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
19th-century English architects
1790 births
1852 deaths
Artists from London
Architects from London
Charity is a 1996 spy novel by Len Deighton. It is the final novel in the final trilogy about Bernard Samson, a middle-aged and somewhat jaded intelligence officer working for the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6). Charity is part of the Faith, Hope and Charity trilogy, being preceded by Faith and Hope. This trilogy is preceded by the Game, Set and Match and the Hook, Line and Sinker trilogies. Deighton's novel Winter (1987) is a prequel to the nine novels, covering the years 1900–1945 and providing the backstory to some of the characters.
Plot summary
Bernard is still working for Frank Harrington in Berlin where he hardly ever gets to see his wife and children whom he hardly knows anymore. While crossing Poland Bernard is captured by Polish intelligence and is severely beaten for shooting their men while retrieving George Kosinski in Hope. Meanwhile, George is being interrogated in London but he has revealed no useful information and is now threatening to destroy Bernard and Fiona's careers. Bernard is using his position in Berlin to investigate Tessa's death which results in Silas Gaunt confessing to hiring Thurkettle to fake Fiona's death but he denies knowing anything about using Tessa and tells Bernard to back off.
Bernard has had enough, and contacts The Swede to organise to fly him, his children and hopefully Gloria out of the country to begin a new life. The Swede is drunk and erratic and tells Bernard that on the night of Tessa's death he was hired to fly Jay Prettyman from Berlin to London and was carrying a locked box that Prettyman would need. Prettyman never showed up but his ex-wife did and took the box.
Bernard tracks down the dying Prettyman who confesses that he hired Thurkettle but found him dead at the meeting place and drove back to West Berlin and that his ex-wife is now demanding money for the return of the box. Prettyman says the operations was all a waste of time anyway because the ruse never fooled the KGB. Bernard finds Thurkettle's hastily buried body and a gun Werner was asked to give Prettyman at the meeting place. Werner steals the box from Prettyman's ex-wife and in retaliation she shoots and wounds Werner at his grand house warming party.
The Swede is murdered by the Russians and Gloria tells Bernard that his plan to abduct his children was stupid and that they are best off where they are, in boarding school which provides them with much-needed stability. Bernard realises there is no future for him and Gloria and that she is now seeing Bret.
Bret holds an inquiry in to Tessa's murder and announces Silas was solely responsible and no longer has any connection to the Department. The Department ordered Dicky to bring Tessa to Berlin. Silas blackmailed Prettyman into hiring Thurkettle to kill Tessa and then killing him. The box was a bomb designed to blow up The Swede's plane removing the last loose ends. Bernard suspected this but said nothing hoping to flush out who else was in on the plan but is forced to step in when he discovers Bret has ordered Frank's assistant to break into the box.
Bret tells Bernard that both he and the Department owe him and that he will do his best to try to give Frank's job, and a pension to Bernard when Frank retires. Bret tells Bernard he is being stupid and that Fiona really loves him and not her job. Bernard say he has asked Fiona to join him in Berlin and hopes that his children can go to school in Berlin just like he did.
References
1996 British novels
Bernard Samson novels
Novels set in Berlin
HarperCollins books
The Kingcome River is a river in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Its drainage basin is in size.
Course
The Kingcome River flows generally south into Kingcome Inlet, which lies north of and on the inland side of the Broughton Archipelago. It has two major tributaries, the Atlatzi River joining the Kingcome near its mouth at , the Satsalla River, which like the Atlatzi flows southwest out of sources on the edge of the Ha-Iltzuk Icefield, meeting the Kingcome at . Another smaller tributary, the Clear River, flows from the west, meeting the Kingcome at ,
See also
List of British Columbia rivers
Kingcome (disambiguation)
References
Rivers of the Central Coast of British Columbia
Rivers of the Pacific Ranges
Junagarh or Junagadh was a princely state in Gujarat ruled by the Muslim Babi dynasty in British India, until its integration into the Union of India in 1948.
History
Muhammad Sher Khan Babai was the founder of the Babi Pashtun dynasty of Junagarh in 1654. His descendants, the Babi Nawabs of Junagarh, conquered large territories in southern Saurashtra.
However, during the collapse of the Mughal Empire, the Babis became involved in a struggle with the Gaekwad dynasty of the Maratha Empire over control of Gujarat during the reign of the local Mohammad Mahabat Khanji I. Mohammad Khan Bahadur Khanji I declared independence from the Mughal governor of Gujarat subah, and founded the state of Junagarh in 1730. This allowed the Babi to retain sovereignty of Junagarh and other princely states. During the reign of his heir Junagarh was a tributary to the Maratha Empire, until it came under British suzerainty in 1807 under Mohammad Hamid Khanji I, following the Second Anglo-Maratha War.
In 1807, Junagarh became a British protectorate and the East India Company took control of the state. By 1818, the Saurashtra area, along with other princely states of Kathiawar, were separately administrated under the Kathiawar Agency by British India.
In 1947, upon the independence and partition of India, the last Babi dynasty ruler of the state, Muhammad Mahabat Khanji III, decided to merge Junagarh into the newly formed Pakistan.
Rulers
The Nawabs of Junagarh belonged to Pathan Babi or Babai (Pashtun tribe). They were granted a 13 gun salute by the British authorities:
1730–1758 : Mohammad Bahadur Khanji I or Mohammad Sher Khan Babai
1758–1774: Mohammad Mahabat Khanji I
1774–1811: Mohammad Hamid Khanji I
1811–1840: Mohammad Bahadur Khanji II
1840–1851: Mohammad Hamid Khanji II
1851–1882: Mohammad Mahabat Khanji II
1882–1892: Mohammad Bahadur Khanji III
1892–1911: Mohammad Rasul Khanji
1911–1948: Mohammad Mahabat Khanji III (last ruler before the integration of Junagarh to India)
Rebellion
Koli rebellion in Junagarh raised by Mansa Khant during time of Nawab Sher Khan the first ruler of Junagarh. He was against Mughal Rule, Made Uparkot Fort his centre. He made a series of raids in surrounding villages and cities. Nawab was unsuccessful to control the rebellion. Mansa Khant occupied the Uparkot for thirteen months and carried out numerous raids mostly in countryside. Nawab started campaign against Khant. Nawab was assisted by king of Gondal State Thakur Sahib Haloji Jadeja and Arab Jamadar Sheikh Abdullah Zubeidi. The combined forces defeated the Khant and captured Uparkot and burnt down the rebellion.
Annexation by India
In 1947, Shah Nawaz Bhutto joined the council of ministers of Nawab Muhammad Mahabat Khan III, and in May became his dewan or prime minister.
With the independence of India in 1947, the princely states were left by the British to decide whether to accede to one of the newly independent states of India or Pakistan or to remain independent. The Constitutional Advisor to the Nawab, Nabi Baksh, indicated to Lord Mountbatten that he was recommending that Junagarh should join India. However, upon the advice of Dewan Bhutto, on 15 August 1947, the Nawab announced that Junagarh had acceded to Pakistan. On 16 September, the Government of Pakistan accepted the accession.
India sent its military into Junagarh while the Nawab of Junagarh was in Pakistan and captured the state of junagarh overthrowing Nawab and the rights of princely states. The Annexation of Junagarh into India led the Nawab Muhammad Mahabat Khan III of Junagarh (erstwhile Babi Nawab dynasty of Junagarh) left to live in Sindh, Pakistan.
Pakistan's claim
Pakistan's government has maintained its territorial claim on Junagadh, along with Manavadar and Sir Creek in Gujarat, on its official political maps.
See also
Annexation of Junagarh
Manavadar State
V. P. Menon
Political integration of India
Pathans of Gujarat
References
External links
Classic Gallery of Indian Numismatics
Heraldry of the princely states of Gujarat
1730 establishments in India
1948 disestablishments in India
Bombay Presidency
Former protectorates
Historical Indian regions
Kathiawar Agency
Muslim princely states of India
Pashtun dynasties
States and territories disestablished in 1948
Angkor Thom ( ; meaning "Great City"), alternatively Nokor Thom ( ) located in present-day Cambodia, was the last and most enduring capital city of the Khmer Empire. It was established in the late twelfth century by King Jayavarman VII. It covers an area of 9 km², within which are located several monuments from earlier eras as well as those established by Jayavarman and his successors. At the centre of the city is Jayavarman's state temple, the Bayon, with the other major sites clustered around the Victory Square immediately to the north. The site is one of the major tourist attractions of southeast Asia.
Etymology
Angkor Thom () is the transform name from another alternative name of Nokor Thom (), which is believed to be the correct one, due to neglect of calling it in incorrect pronunciation. The word Nokor (, ) is literally derived from Sanskrit word of Nagara (Devanāgarī: नगर), which means City, combining with Khmer word Thom (, ), which means Big or Great so as to form Nokor Thom then being altered to current name of Angkor Thom.
History
Angkor Thom was established as the capital of Jayavarman VII's empire, and was the centre of his massive building program. One inscription found in the city refers to Jayavarman as the groom and the city as his bride.
Angkor Thom seems not to be the first Khmer capital on the site, however. Yasodharapura, dating from three centuries earlier, was centred slightly further northwest, and Angkor Thom overlapped parts of it. The most notable earlier temples within the city are the former state temple of Baphuon, and Phimeanakas, which was incorporated into the Royal Palace. The Khmers did not draw any clear distinctions between Angkor Thom and Yashodharapura: even in the fourteenth century an inscription used the earlier name. The name of Angkor Thom—great city—was in use from the 16th century.
The last temple known to have been constructed in Angkor Thom was Mangalartha, which was dedicated in 1295. Thereafter the existing structures continued to be modified from time to time, but any new creations were in perishable materials and have not survived.
The Ayutthaya Kingdom, led by King Borommarachathirat II, sacked Angkor Thom, forcing the Khmers under Ponhea Yat to relocate their capital southeast to Phnom Penh.
Angkor Thom was abandoned some time prior to 1609, when an early western visitor wrote of an uninhabited city, "as fantastic as the Atlantis of Plato". It is believed to have sustained a population of 80,000–150,000 people.
The Poem of Angkor Wat composed in Khmer verse in 1622 describes the beauty of Angkor Thom.
Style
Angkor Thom is in the Bayon style. This manifests itself in the large scale of the construction, in the widespread use of laterite, in the face-towers at each of the entrances to the city and in the naga-carrying giant figures which accompany each of the towers.
The site
The city lies on the west bank of the Siem Reap River, a tributary of Tonle Sap, about a quarter of a mile from the river. The south gate of Angkor Thom is 7.2 km north of Siem Reap, and 1.7 km north of the entrance to Angkor Wat. The walls, 8 m high and flanked by a moat, are each 3 km long, enclosing an area of 9 km². The walls are of laterite buttressed by earth, with a parapet on the top. There are gates at each of the cardinal points, from which roads lead to the Bayon at the centre of the city. As the Bayon itself has no wall or moat of its own, those of the city are interpreted by archaeologists as representing the mountains and oceans surrounding the Bayon's Mount Meru. Another gate—the Victory Gate—is 500 m north of the east gate; the Victory Way runs parallel to the east road to the Victory Square and the Royal Palace north of the Bayon. It is around 30 minutes from central Siem Reap.
The faces on the 23 m towers at the city gates, which are later additions to the main structure, take after those of the Bayon and pose the same problems of interpretation. They may represent the king himself, the bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara, guardians of the empire's cardinal points, or some combination of these. A causeway spans the moat in front of each tower: these have a row of devas on the left and asuras on the right, each row holding a naga in the attitude of a tug-of-war. This appears to be a reference to the myth, popular in Angkor, of the Churning of the Sea of Milk. The temple-mountain of the Bayon, or perhaps the gate itself, would then be the pivot around which the churning takes place. The nagas may also represent the transition from the world of men to the world of the gods (the Bayon), or be guardian figures. The gateways themselves are 3.5 by 7 m, and would originally have been closed with wooden doors. The south gate is now by far the most often visited, as it is the main entrance to the city for tourists.
At each corner of the city is a Prasat Chrung—corner shrine—built of sandstone and dedicated to Avalokiteshvara. These are cruciform with a central tower, and orientated towards the east.
Within the city was a system of canals, through which water flowed from the northeast to the southwest. The bulk of the land enclosed by the walls would have been occupied by the
secular buildings of the city, of which nothing remains. This area is now covered by forest.
Most of the great Angkor ruins have vast displays of bas-relief depicting the various gods, goddesses, and other-worldly beings from the mythological stories and epic poems of ancient Hinduism (modified by centuries of Buddhism). Mingled with these images are actual known animals, like elephants, snakes, fish, and monkeys, in addition to dragon-like creatures that look like the stylized, elongated serpents (with feet and claws) found in Chinese art.
But among the ruins of Ta Prohm, near a huge stone entrance, one can see that the "roundels on pilasters on the south side of the west entrance are unusual in design."
What one sees are roundels depicting various common animals—pigs, monkeys, water buffaloes, roosters and snakes. There are no mythological figures among the roundels, so one can reasonably conclude that these figures depict the animals that were commonly seen by the ancient Khmer people in the twelfth century.
Gallery
In popular culture
The Angkor complex is briefly mentioned in the 1933 film King Kong.
Lara Croft: Tomb Raider features several characters visiting Angkor Thom during their trip to Cambodia to recover the first piece of the Triangle of Light.
In James Rollins' SIGMA Force Book 4: The Judas Strain (2007), the characters' journey to find a cure for a plague, which requires following in the steps of Marco Polo, leads them to the Angkor Thom.
In Peter Bourne's novel The Golden Pagans (c.1956), the main characters are sent to Arabia during the Crusades, captured, and forced into servitude by the Khmers. The prisoners build a portion of what becomes known as Angkor Thom.
In Patlabor the Movie 2, the opening scene appears to be based on the Angkor Thom, as said by Hayao Miyazaki in an interview with Animage magazine (October 1993).
In Civilization IV: Beyond the Sword, Angkor Thom is the third city built in the Khmer Empire, after Yasodharapura and Hariharalaya.
In Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem, Angkor Thom is the region where a Cambodian temple is located, housing the Ancient Mantorok.
In Civilization VI, Angkor Thom is the capital of the Khmer Empire.
In The Amazing Race 32, the east gate of Angkor Thom hosted a Pit Stop during the season's tenth episode.
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Angkorian sites in Siem Reap Province
12th-century establishments in Asia
Former populated places in Cambodia
Paria (The pariah) is an 1869 opera in three acts by Stanisław Moniuszko to a libretto by Jan Chęciński - the librettist of Straszny dwór - after the play Le paria (1821) by Casimir Delavigne.
Cast
Idamor, head of the warrior caste - tenor
Ratef, his trustee - tenor
Akebar, high priest - bass
Neala, his daughter - soprano
Mirra, priestess - mezzo-soprano
Dżares, the pariah, Idamor's father - baritone
brahmins, priestesses, warriors, people
Recordings
Paria with Katarzyna Hołysz – Neala, Leszek Skrla – Dżares, Janusz Lewandowski – Akebar, Tomasz Kuk – Idamor, Andrzej Lampert – Ratef. Chór i Orkiestra Opery na Zamku w Szczecinie, cond. Warcisław Kunc 2CD, 2008, Dux 0686/7.
Paria (in Italian version), Katarzyna Hołysz (Neala), Robert Jezierski (Akebar), Yuri Gorodetski (Idamor), Szymon Komasa (Djares), Tomasz Warmijak (Ratef) Poznan Philharmonic Orchestra, Łukasz Borowicz 2CD 2019 Dux
References
Operas
1869 operas
Operas by Stanisław Moniuszko
Operas set in India
Futebol Clube de Ultramarina (Portuguese meaning "overseas", Capeverdean Crioulo, ALUPEC or ALUPEK: Futebil Klubi di Ultramarina) is a football (soccer) club that plays in the São Nicolau Island League in Cape Verde. It is based in the city of Tarrafal in the island of São Nicolau. The team has only reached a few of the final games before and after independence.
Ultramarina is São Nicolau's most successful football (soccer) club having won about 24 official regional titles. The team currently has ten championship titles since their recent championship victory was during the 2014/15 season and continues the claim the most titles on the island.
History
The club was founded on August 28, 1965 and is the oldest club on the island, it was named after a company (probably seafood) Sociedade Ultramarina de Conservas which was a benchmark of the city. After independence, the old Ultramarina name was kept as people could not figure a new name after that company became dissolved, years later, some people know that the club name's etymology is different. It is uncertain that the club will adopt a new name.
Their worst season was in 2005 when the club fielded ineligible players in every match especially SC Atlético and finished last place as the goals were awarded against them. It was the worst and one the clubs that fielded the most ineligible players in West Africa and probably that includes a third of the continent.
FC Ultramarina went to the 2007 Super Cup played on January 8, 2008 and defeated the cup winner AJAT'SN with 3–1 in penalty kicks as the match was scoreless, Ultramarina received their second title. Since 2008, Ultramarina has the most super cup titles.
On May 7, 2011, Ultramarina played a match against Talho and the original result was 3–1 for Ultramarina, as Ultramarina fielded an ineligible player, the regional association awarded against Ultramarina 0–3 and was deducted 3 points from their 28 points and lowered to 24.
Ultramarina's next three Cup appearances were successful and won three straight titles in 2013. In January 2013, Ultramarina faced the cup winner Atlético in the 2012 regional super cup which featured two legs, the first one (January 5) was scoreless, Ultramarina won the second 2–1 which was on January 12 and claimed their fourth super cup title, their 2013 one was their last, their last two were successful, their last was the 2014/15 Super Cup where they entered as regional champion, the club lost to a cup winner. Before 2013, Ultramarina was the sole club with more than a title on the island.
The club won their first cup title in 2012 and became the fourth and final club on the island to appear at the Cape Verdean Cup and had no success there. Second and last their cup title total, in 2013, that became third and last behind Atlético, it was also shared with AJAT'SN, Ribeira Brava and Talho. The club won their second cup title in 2014 and their cup totals, second on the island was shared with Atlético's and from 2016 for a season with AJAT'SN.
The club was second place behind SC Atlético for the 2013–14 season, the club was champion for the 2014–15 season and was ahead of SC Atlético.
The club celebrated the 50th year of the club's foundation in 2015.
In October 2015, Alexandre Ramos became club coach and Marineida da Graça became the club's first female president. In the 2015–16 season, Ultramarina finished at a lower position of 4th behind SC Atlético, AJAT'SN and Belo Horizonte of Juncalinho, it shared the same numbers (6 wins, 4 draws and losses, conceded 13 goals) with Desportivo Ribeira Brava but Ultramarina Tarrafal scored 21 goals, five more than the fifth placed club. The first three draws and all of its losses were before the 8th round, Ultramarina's last loss at the regional championships was on March 25 where they lost 0–2 to Atlético. Ramos made another successful season, Ultramarina started fourth on January 15, then it was second and got the top position on February 5 and preserved it for the rest of the season and prevented Académica Preguiça from getting the top position. On April 30, they had 33 points, and made the point difference of seven over the second placed SC Atlético, a third back to back regional title was made that day and got their entry into the upcoming 2017 Cape Verdean Football Championships in mid-May. On May 6, the final match of the season was a 0–4 win over Talho and made it the 20th unbeaten match for the club and finished with 36 points, an eight-point difference with Académica da Preguiça who gave back their position and had 11 wins and three draws. In the cup finals, Ultramarina Tarrafal again headed up to the regional cup finals, it took place on May 9, three days after the end of the regional championships for the season, they faced Desportivo Ribeira Brava and defeated it 0–4 and became the island's only club to have a regional double. Tarrafal's totals is shared with Belo Horizonte's, most on the island. Ultramarina played with the cup runner-up Ribeira Brava in the regional super cup on December 23, 2017, it was the club's seventh and recent appearance, Ultramarina defeated Ribeira Brava 8–0 and became the highest result on the island and being one of the highest of any super cup matches in Cape Verde. Ultramarina got their regional triple at the official regional competitions for the season.
Ultramarina attempted another progress in success in their upcoming regional cup on December 30, 2017, where they faced AJAT'SN, it ended in a goal draw, in the penalty shootouts, they won 3–4 and will play with Belo Horizonte of Juncalinho in the upcoming semis. In the regional championships, originally they started with a goal draw with AJAT'SN on January 6, the regional association awarded the club 0–3 as AJAT'SN fielded an ineligible player, the club officially started first place. A week later, the unexpectable was done as they lost to Belo Horizonte 3–2 on January 13, a loss to that club that was very rare in the regionals. Overall, the club had conceded four goals alongside Belo Horizonte at the second round. Ultramarina made a draw without scoring any goals in the island derby featuring Atlético. Ultramarina made an 0–3 win over Ribeira Brava whose club seems to have their worst season today. Ultramarina Tarrafal was third place with only 8 points, Tarrafal has 9 goals scored and got a small chance for another championship title and another entry into the nationals. Ultramarina Tarrafal hailed themselves with three more wins including a larger 0–4 win over Praia Branca and a larger 7–1 win over Talho at home. On February 25, the 8th round, a goal draw with AJAT'SN was made and kept a probable chance of winning another championship title. Another loss Ultramarina Tarrafal suffered and was to first placed Belo Horizonte and half of their chance of another title faded. The island rivalry came and ended in a scoreless draw on March 10. Ultramarina remains to have the most goals scored on the island. Two straight wins were made, Belo Horizonte also made two straight wins, with two more rounds to go and an eight-point difference, Ultramarina completely lost a chance for winning another title. The regional cup competition continued after five months of a huge break, they played with Belo Horizonte on May 17 and made a 1–3 win an advanced to the final played three days later and faced Académica da Preguiça, this season, their success would dominate in the field of cup competition as they claimed another regional cup title once more after their 1–0 win. Ultramarina again will make another appearance in the regional super cup later in the season, in four years, qualified as cup winner, they will meet Belo Horizonte, the champion.
National appearances
After winning their 1995 regional title, FC Ultramarina was in the national competition and later headed up to the second triangular phase that the knockout stage had, two other participants were Santiago's Travadores and from east of the island Académica do Sal, the club finished second and lost their chance for a national title to Travadores, this was their first of three that was that position. FC Ultramarina were winners of the 2003 season and entered as high as the finals, the team challenged Académico do Aeroporto located southeast in the island of Boa Vista and lost 3–1 in the first leg and won 3–2 in the second leg. It only had three points in total which made the team lost the finals to Académico. It was Ultramarina's first appearance at the playoff level and second from the island to do so.
Ultramarina played in Group A for the 2017 season, with three groups, the other were AJAC da Calheta from Santiago North, Onze Unidos of Maio and Vulcânicos of Fogo. Ultramarina finished first in the group and advanced into the semis and played with the almighty CS Mindelense of the adjacent island São Vicente to the west, Ultramarina Tarrafal prevented entry into the stadium for one match. Ultramarina won the second leg. in mid-July, Ultramarina appealed the reason as they were about to be awarded 3–0 against, later the first leg match were to be played in late July. Mindelense did not show up for a few weeks and after that club failing to appear to play in the first leg, Mindelense was disqualified and its matches were annulled and Ultramarina Tarrafal headed to their second and recent championship final appearance and faced Santiago South's Sporting Praia and lost all the two legs and finished as runner-up to that club. Ultramarina Tarrafal was the fourth appearance of a club at the finals from the island and the only one who appeared twice.
Rivalry
Ultramarina's only main rivalry is SC Atlético and is called the São Nicolau derby which started in about the start of the 1990s. One of their recent meetings was in week 1 of the 2015–16 season where they lost to that club.
Stadium
The club plays at Estádio Orlando Rodrigues with a capacity of about 500. The club also trains at the stadium. Other club playing at the stadium is AJAT'SN. Other clubs playing at the stadium but not based is Praia Branca, based north of town.
Until the late-2000s before its own stadium was constructed, the club played at Estádio João de Deus Lopes da Silva which was located 56 km on road (about 15 km direct and 30 km via the port of Preguiça) once played along with São Nicolau's most famous teams.
Logo
Its logo features a red-white crest with two swordfishes (gray and gray-red on each side) with a football (soccer ball) on the bottom and "FCU" on the bottom left and the year of foundation on the right.
Uniform
Newly put in 2017, its uniform colors have a black clothing, in the T-shirt part, its rims and sleeves are black with the remainder red for home games. The club still has a white T-shirt and socks with a red shirt for away or alternate games. From 2014 to 2017, Is uniform colors for home had a T-shirt half red and white with a white rim on the right sleeve and red on the left with the remainder red but has a white rim on the bottom of its shorts.
Honours
São Nicolau Island League: 12
1995/96, 1998/99, 2000/01, 2002/03, 2003/04, 2005/06, 2006/07, 2008/09, 2010/11, 2012/13, 2014/15, 2016/17
São Nicolau Cup: 4
2011/12, 2013/14, 2016/17, 2017/18
São Nicolau Super Cup: 6
2005/06, 2006/07, 2010/11, 2011/12, 2012/13, 2016/17
São Nicolau Opening Tournament: 2
2002/03, 2013/14
League and cup history
National championship
Island/Regional Championship
Statistics
Best position: Finalist (national), in 2003 and in 2017
Best position at an Opening Tournament: 1st
Best position at a regional Super Cup competition: 1st
Appearances at a cup competition:
National: 1
Regional: 14
Appearances at a regional Super Cup competition: 8, to be 9
Highest number of points in a season: 9 (national)
Highest number of goals scored in a season: 14 (national with playoffs in 2004), 12 (national in 2015)
Worst season: 2005 (neither wins nor draws, all 12 losses)
Players
Current squad
27 August 2017
Presidents
Alexandre Ramos (up to October 2015)
Marineida da Graça (current)
References
External links
FC Ultramarina at Soccerway
FC Ultramarina at Facebook, also the official site.
FC Ultramarina Tarrafal at Sports Mídia
Ultramarina FC
1960s establishments in Cape Verde
Association football clubs established in 1965
São Nicolau Island League
Tarrafal de São Nicolau
Irma Avegno (20 December 1881 – June 1913) was a Uruguayan woman of Montevidean high society who devoted herself to financial affairs.
Biography
Irma Avegno was the daughter of Emilio Avegno and María de Ávila, according to her birth certificate. She belonged to a wealthy family linked to the land and, politically, to the Colorado Party. Her father was deputy of that party for Artigas Department, and her uncle, Dr. José Romeu, was Secretary of State, both during the second government of José Batlle y Ordóñez.
She was considered in her own time as a liberal and transgressive person, since she dedicated herself to financial business (she was a moneylender) and to activities traditionally reserved for men, such as betting on horse races. Her openly stated homosexual orientation, which could only be recognized implicitly at the time, also contributed to that perception.
Death
Avegno died in strange circumstances in Lomas de Zamora, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, as a fugitive from Uruguayan justice. The scandal unleashed by the debts that she left after escaping from the country sent a shockwave through the government of Batlle y Ordóñez. The official cause of death was suicide.
Her body was buried in the Central Cemetery of Montevideo, after having arrived on the steamer Roma, which was awaited by a crowd.
Works about her life
Armas, Dino (2012). Se ruega no enviar coronas (theater). Montevideo: Estuario
(2000). Una mujer inconveniente: la historia de Irma Avegno (narrative). Montevideo: Fin de Siglo
References
1881 births
1913 suicides
Burials at the Central Cemetery of Montevideo
Fugitives
Lesbians
LGBT people from Uruguay
People from Montevideo
Suicides in Argentina
Uruguayan women in business
Christoph Bottoni (born 21 September 1977) is a Swiss former sailor, who specialized in the Laser class. Representing his nation Switzerland at the 2008 Summer Olympics, Bottoni trained for several years at Lake Lugano Yachting Club (). Outside the sailing career, Bottoni worked as an orthodontist for five years at a children dental hospital in Zürich. Additionally, he was elected the second-runner-up in the 2006 edition of the prestigious Mister Switzerland pageant.
Bottoni competed for the Swiss sailing team, as a 31-year-old, in the Laser class at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Four months earlier, he prevailed over the quota place winner Max Bulley to lock the country's top Laser spot for the Games based on his overall results in two selection meets, the class-associated Worlds and the annual Princess Sofia Trophy regatta in Palma de Mallorca, Spain. Bottoni sailed smoothly almost at the sterns of the 43-man fleet with only a single top-fifteen mark recorded after ten races, sitting him in the thirty-seventh spot with 241 net points.
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Swiss male sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Switzerland
Sailors at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Laser
Sportspeople from Zürich
People from Winterthur
Whare Flat is a locality some 15 km to the northwest of Dunedin city centre, in the South Island of New Zealand. It is located at a widening of the Silver Stream's valley amid the foothills of the Silverpeaks.
Whare Flat is the location of a scout camp, Camp Waiora, and plays host annually to the Whare Flat Folk Festival, the southern South Island's biggest annual folk music event, which is held over the New Year holiday.
The "whare" of Whare Flat's name was not a traditional Māori structure, but was actually a shepherd's hut.
Demographics
Whare Flat is part of the Taieri statistical area, which covers to the west, north and northeast of Mosgiel. The statistical area had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Taieri had a population of 1,506 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 96 people (6.8%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 336 people (28.7%) since the 2006 census. There were 546 households. There were 750 males and 756 females, giving a sex ratio of 0.99 males per female. The median age was 46.9 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 276 people (18.3%) aged under 15 years, 204 (13.5%) aged 15 to 29, 729 (48.4%) aged 30 to 64, and 294 (19.5%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 95.6% European/Pākehā, 5.4% Māori, 1.2% Pacific peoples, 1.2% Asian, and 2.4% other ethnicities (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities).
The proportion of people born overseas was 11.2%, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 53.2% had no religion, 38.0% were Christian, 0.4% were Muslim, 0.2% were Buddhist and 1.2% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 282 (22.9%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 216 (17.6%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $38,000, compared with $31,800 nationally. 321 people (26.1%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 627 (51.0%) people were employed full-time, 243 (19.8%) were part-time, and 24 (2.0%) were unemployed.
References
Geography of Dunedin
Sarchí Norte is a district of the Sarchí canton, in the Alajuela province of Costa Rica.
History
Sarchí is Costa Rica's most famous crafts center. The town offers more than 200 stores and small family-operated woodworking factories producing wooden bowls and other tableware, fold-up rocking chairs of wood and leather, and a wide variety of kitschy items. The most popular items on sale are "carretas", elaborately painted oxcarts that traditionally carried coffee from the highlands down to the port on the Pacific coast.
It was also the place where serial furniture manufacture started in Costa Rica, around 1890 decade with a design of Daniel Alfaro Corrales, and later mass-produced by his brother Pedro Juvenal Alfaro Corrales, those furnitures, in special the chairs are known as "sillas sarchí" and are easily recognized because most of the parts were turned. Eloy Alfaro Corrales, the youngest brother was partner with Pedro Juvenal, but later started his own business of Oxcart making when he bought the workshop of Sem Perez who in turn bought it from Hacienda La Eva
Around 1900-03 Daniel Alfaro Corrales also designed the modern and improved oxcart including the segmented wooden wheel in use today from the previous very crude and primitive platform known as "Cureña", in the particular case of the wheel is stronger than the original one piece, or the lightly improved three pieces design.
The canton was established by a decree Number 766 on October 26, 1949. It is named in honor of Dr. Carlos Luis Valverde Vega, a medic and founder of the Unión Médica Nacional (National Medical Union) who was the first death of the 1948 revolution. The members of the board that struggle to accomplish it are: Samuel Alfaro Alpízar, Efraím Zamora Castro, Dauve Alfaro Castro, Pedro Alfaro Zamora, Hebly Inkseter Soto, Otoniel Alfaro Alfaro and Eliécer Pérez Conejo and they are known today as the founders. The Canton was inaugurated on January 1, 1950, after several years of struggle.
Originally was settled by Ambrosio José Avilés del Jesús Alfaro Godines in the first half of 19th century, the earliest reference to it in 1836
The original nahuatl name Sarchí means "potrero" or open field used to keep horses and cattle, the first settlers found it in that condition, and surrounded by tropical rain forest. Reference from Evly Inksetter, the first county historian.
The name of Sarchí comes from the Aztec word "xalachi", which means "relax place" or "down the sand place"
The town was granted the title of "ciudad" (city) by a law of September 21, 1963.
Geography
Sarchí Norte has an area of km² and an elevation of metres.
It is located on the slopes of the Cordillera Central (Central Mountain Range) at the eastern edge of the Central Valley. It is 27 kilometers northwest of the provincial capital city of Alajuela, and 46 kilometers from the national capital city of San Jose.
Places of interest
Church: One of Costa Rica's most beautiful houses of worship, this "wedding cake" church features a vaulted hardwood ceiling and carvings contributed by local artisans. (Sarchí Norte).
Mercado de Artesanías: A large warehouse-like store selling crafts of all kinds, operated by a Craftsmen's cooperative. (on the edge of Sarchí Norte, along the road to Naranjo and next to the gas station)
Taller Eloy Alfaro (He was known in the town as "Don Lolo"): a workshop that produces oxcarts using machinery powered by a waterwheel, with most of same machines used in the manufacturing of oxcarts from the late 19th century in the original workshop in Hacienda la Eva.
World's Largest Oxcart: A huge, brightly painted carreta that sits in the Parque Central in front of the church in Sarchí Norte. It was built in 2006 in order to get the name of the town into The Guinness Book of World Records. The plan was a success.
Botanical Garden Else Kientzler: The Botanical Garden is home to over 2,000 different plants from around the world. They are perfectly suited for recreation, education and ecotourism. The Botanical Garden is spread over 7 hectares (17 acres).
Activities of interest
Typical dances: every September 15 people come to park to enjoy the typical dances; all of this is carried out in front of the church.
Patronal parties: on July 25 patronal parties are Celebrated in honor of our patron Santiago (Saint Jack) and people prepare typical foods and sell them.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Sarchí Norte had a population of inhabitants.
Famous people
Ibo Bonilla Oconitrillo, sculptor, architect, mathematician and business manager
Daniel Alfaro Corrales, designer of the "Sarchi furniture" and the modern Costa Rican oxcart c.1900
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 118
National Route 708
National Route 710
References
Districts of Alajuela Province
Populated places in Alajuela Province
Further Adventures of Lucky Jim or The New Adventures of Lucky Jim is a comedy television series which first aired on BBC 1 in 1967. Inspired by the novel Lucky Jim by Kingsley Amis, it updates the story from the early 1950s of the novel to mid-1960s Swinging London. It stars Keith Barron as the young university lecturer Jim Dixon. The scriptwriters wrote a belated sequel The Further Adventures of Lucky Jim starring Enn Reitel in 1982.
The majority of the episodes are now considered lost.
Other actors who appeared in the series include Suzy Kendall, Nerys Hughes, John Le Mesurier, Francis Matthews, Eunice Gayson, John Junkin, Donald Hewlett, William Kendall, Robert Raglan, Felix Bowness, Janina Faye, Patrick Newell, Diana King and Michael Balfour.
Main cast
Keith Barron as Jim Dixon
Colin Jeavons as Brian
References
Bibliography
David Pringle. Imaginary People: A Who's who of Fictional Characters from the Eighteenth Century to the Present Day. Scolar Press, 1996.
External links
BBC television sitcoms
1967 British television series debuts
1967 British television series endings
1960s British comedy television series
English-language television shows
This is a list of Telugu-language films produced in Tollywood in India that are released/scheduled to be released in 2022.
Box Office Collections
The list of highest-grossing Telugu films released in 2022, by worldwide box office gross revenue, are as follows:
January – March
April–June
July–September
October – December
Notes
References
External links
Bhari TaraganamBhari Taraganam
2022
2022 in Indian cinema
Telugu_films_of_2022
Larry Moffett (November 5, 1954 - May 2, 2011) was an American basketball player who played for Horace Mann High, Gary, Indiana (1973 only), Murray State University (1973–75), Compton Community College (1975–76) and the University of Nevada, Las Vegas (1976–77), before being drafted by the Houston Rockets in the 1977 NBA draft. However, he played only one NBA season, and appeared in a total of 20 games.
References
Profile —TheDraftReview.com
Profile — Basketball-Reference.com
1954 births
2011 deaths
American expatriate basketball people in Belgium
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Alabama
Fulgor Libertas Forlì players
Gijón Baloncesto players
Hawaii Volcanos players
Houston Rockets draft picks
Houston Rockets players
JA Vichy players
Junior college men's basketball players in the United States
Juvecaserta Basket players
Montana Golden Nuggets players
Murray State Racers men's basketball players
Power forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from Mobile, Alabama
UNLV Runnin' Rebels basketball players
Boussemghoun (Arabic: بوسمغون) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province, Algeria. It is co-extensive with the district of Boussemghoun, and has a population of 2,480 which gives it 7 seats in the PMA. Its postal code is 32320 and its municipal code is 3213.
The people of Boussemghoun speak a Berber dialect, locally termed "Chelha" or "Tachelhit"; as of 2004, this remained in regular use, in contrast with some neighbouring villages where the use of Berber is reported to be declining. The oasis is a centre of the Tijaniyyah order, which was founded there by Sidi Ahmad al-Tijani in 1782; it has a Tijaniyyah zaouia.
The earliest known historical mention of Boussemghoun is by Ibn Khaldun, in reference to a raid in 1370.
References
Communes of El Bayadh Province
Q (Sanna's Post) Battery is the Headquarters Battery of 5th Regiment Royal Artillery in the Royal Artillery. It currently serves as the Headquarters Battery for the British Army's Surveillance and Target Acquisition regiment.
The name Sanna's Post was taken following the actions of the battery in an engagement during the Second Boer War.
Battery history
Q Battery, Royal Horse Artillery was originally raised in Poona, India on 1 March 1824 as 3rd Troop, Bombay Horse Artillery, part of the Bombay Presidency Army of the Honourable East India Company. Between 1838 and 1857 the troop saw action in the First Anglo-Afghan War, the First Anglo-Sikh War, the Second Anglo-Sikh War, and the Anglo-Persian War. In 1858 the battery saw service during the Indian mutiny.
On 19 February 1862, the Bombay Horse Artillery transferred to the Royal Artillery, specifically as its 4th Horse Brigade. and 3rd Troop became C Battery, 4th Horse Brigade, RA. A reorganization of artillery regiments on 13 April 1864 saw 1st Brigade split as A and B Brigades, 2nd Brigade become C Brigade, 3rd become D, 4th become E, and 5th become F Horse Brigade, Royal Artillery. As the battery's designation was tied to the brigade it was assigned to, it was redesignated on the same date as C Battery, E Horse Brigade, RA. From 1866, the term "Royal Horse Artillery" appeared in Army List hence the battery was designated C Battery, E Brigade, RHA from about this time. Between 1864 and 1889 the battery's title changed a further five times. In 1889 the battery assumed the title of Q Battery Royal Artillery.
The battery next saw service in the Boer war between 1899 and 1901. On 31 March 190,0 the battery assisted the majority of General Broadwater's force from a vicious Boer ambush at Koorn Spruit, near Sanna's Post. In 1926, the battery was granted the honour title "Sanna's Post". During the First World War the Battery saw continuous action on the western front. At the end of the Great War the battery's name changed again twice before being renamed Q Battery Royal Field Artillery in 1924.
See also
British Army
Royal Artillery
Royal Horse Artillery
List of Royal Artillery Batteries
Bombay Horse Artillery Batteries
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
The Royal Artillery Association
Royal Artillery Today
Ubique Collection
Fire Power Museum
Royal Artillery batteries
1824 establishments in British India
Military units and formations established in 1824
Richard Osterlind (born March 6, 1948) is a mentalist who has been performing for major corporations for more than 35 years. He has appeared at the Sheraton Great Wall in Beijing, the Hotel De Paris in Monte Carlo, the Casa De Campo in the Dominican Republic and many other luxury resorts around the world. He is a speaker, author, teacher of magic and mentalism and creator of many magic effects.
Early life
Osterlind was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut, and lived there until he was nine years old, when his family moved to Ansonia, Connecticut. He later lived in Danbury, Connecticut, while he worked on a music major at Western Connecticut State College.
Osterlind's budding magic career began as a boy in Connecticut, after he received a couple of magic kits as gifts, including a Sneaky Pete Magic Show. From his boyhood days, Osterlind has performed magic and mentalism, sometimes referred to as mindreading.
Early career
While performing as a drummer in a rock band named Merlin, Osterlind would perform stage illusions. The band opened, for a time, for a hypnotist, and Osterlind would watch him work. He eventually tried, successfully, to hypnotize a bandmate, which ultimately, after further study, led to him being hired for hypnotism shows. To this day, he sometimes performs a stage hypnotism show after one of his mentalism shows.
Throughout his career as a keynote speaker, a featured artist at trade shows and private functions, Osterlind has spoken to and performed for business leaders, sports stars and politicians, like the late President Gerald Ford and former Connecticut governor, Lowell Weicker. His client list is extensive, and he has appeared on numerous international television programs including Japan's No. 1-rated show, Naruhodo! The World. Osterlind is one of the most sought-after mentalists today, whether for corporate shows, magic conventions or lectures within the magic community.
Influential Teacher
Since the release of his groundbreaking, instructional DVD series, Mind Mysteries (produced by L&L Publishing), Osterlind has become one of the leading teachers of the art of mentalism. An informal survey conducted by Dr. Todd Landman at one of the London Mentalism Meetings (Tabula Mentis) revealed Osterlind as being the most influential mentalist, ranking higher than Tony Corinda and Theodore Annemann. Since then, he has published 25 instructional DVDs and 16 books on the subject, including his general-public work, "Mind Over Matter.",
In addition to his "Mind Mysteries" video series, in July 2009, Osterlind and business partner Jim Sisti began working on an L&L Publishing DVD project, "Corinda's 13 Steps to Mentalism starring Richard Osterlind." The project, released in October 2009, was an effort to teach visually what Tony Corinda wrote about in his seminal book on mentalism. As Corinda's book is considered one of the foundational works on mentalism, Osterlind's DVD project was among the most eagerly anticipated releases in the magic community. Before he died, Corinda sent Osterlind a note saying the performer had done a good job with the DVDs.
From his first DVD, "Challenge Magic," to his latest, "Richard Osterlind Live ... Without a Net," Osterlind has insisted upon performing his material in front of live audiences without any assistance from creative editing or camera angles. This passion of his also led to another DVD series, "No Camera Tricks."
Recognitions
In 2006, Osterlind was awarded the prestigious Milbourne Christopher Award for Contributions to the Art of Magic. He appeared on the cover of "The Linking Ring," the official publication of the International Brotherhood of Magicians, in February 2008.
Osterlind is a Kentucky colonel and an Arkansas traveler. Osterlind continues to perform corporate shows, lecture about the art to magic clubs around the world, teach the next generation of performers at conventions and further explore magic and mentalism through his writing. He and his wife, Lisa, live in Kentucky.
References
External links
Richard Osterlind Web site
Living people
1948 births
Mentalists
The praefectus castrorum ("camp prefect") was, in the Roman army of the early Empire, the third most senior officer of the Roman legion after the legate (legatus) and the senior military tribune (tribunus laticlavius), both of whom were from the senatorial class. He was responsible for training, equipment procurement and maintenance, and construction of the camp, but he could command the legion when his seniors were absent. The post was usually held by a soldier promoted from the centurionate, having already served as a chief centurion (primus pilus) of a legion, and was therefore open to ordinary, plebeian citizens. Prefects of this rank, for example Sextus Vibius Gallus, were awarded prizes (dona) to mark their achievements.
See also
Military logistics
Praefectus
Stratopedarches
References
Military ranks of ancient Rome
The Casona de la Universidad Nacional Mayor de San Marcos, also known as Cultural Center of the National University of San Marcos, is a large Colonial building in the city of Lima, Lima Region, Peru, where the main cultural center of the University of San Marcos operates. It currently houses various entities of importance to the university institution as a whole, such as: the Museum of Art, the Museum of Archeology and Anthropology, the University Theater of San Marcos (TUSM), the España de las Artes Library and the directions of Ballet, Folklore, Music, Film and Television, Band and Orchestra, and Tourism. The set of the "Casona de la Universidad de San Marcos" -which includes the famous "University Park" on its outside-, of undeniable historical and cultural importance for the city, it is part of the area and of the list of buildings of the historic center of Lima that were recognized as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO, in 1988.
La Casona de San Marcos is one of the most important buildings of Lima, both from the historical and architectural point of view.
Located in the old building of the Noviciado de San Antonio Abad and of the Real Convictorio de San Carlos, and popularly known under the name of Casona de San Marcos, it is the oldest of the seats currently occupied by the University and one of the most important non-religious historical buildings in the city of Lima. Founded as a Jesuit novitiate, it became the university's headquarters between 1875 and 1966, when most of its administrative offices were moved to the campus of the University City. The Casona de San Marcos is the main reference of the cultural and artistic activity of the university, and one of the best preserved constructions of the colonial era in Lima.
History of the building
The history of the Casona begins the year 1605, when Antonio Correa Ureña gives the Jesuits an important donation for the construction of their novitiate, built to educate and train the new members of the Society of Jesus. At this time, the dimensions of the novitiate that was called that of San Antonio Abad, was five or even six times larger than the current size of La Casona. After being partially destructed by the earthquake of 1746 the Jesuits rebuilt it again, with a new design, completing the current building. In 1767 three years after the expulsion of the Jesuit order, Viceroy of Peru Manuel d'Amat i de Junyent founded the Real Convictorio de San Carlos, a type of university, in the former ecclesiastical building, in honor to the Bourbon King Charles III of Spain. This college reached great apogee from the end-18th century until 19th century.
After the proclamation of the independence, in 1821, the college continues its work with an almost complete autonomy with respect to the University of San Marcos, until in 1867 it decrees the inclusion of the college of San Carlos and of the Independencia (San Fernando) into it.
Since the transfer of the university, La Casona remained a place of great historical value and importance not only for the university but for the city of Lima. Since the Casona suffered damage caused by the earthquake of 1966, the university was transferred to the new University City, its current main headquarters. So the set of La Casona were enabled to lodge the institutions of cultural extension of the university.
In 1989, the National University of San Marcos, the Spanish Agency for International Cooperation and the National Institute of Culture signed a cooperation agreement Peru-Spain to restore the architectural set and to be dedicated to culture, research and artistic creations. The works were carried out with the economic and technical support of the Spanish Cooperation.
At present, the Casona houses the San Marcos Cultural Center, which offers cultural extension courses, exhibitions and is home to several university museums and research centers. Inside La Casona highlights the Hall of Degrees (old Chapel of Loreto), where the official ceremonies of the doctorates "honoris cause" that the university grants are realized; the General Hall and the courts of Law, that of Letters, that of Sciences, that of the Jasmines and that of Boys.
Also currently houses the Museum of Art of the University of San Marcos.
Description
Halls
Chapel of Nuestra Señora de Loreto
The Chapel of Nuestra Señora de Loreto, also called Hall of Degrees of Literature, is located between the courtyards of Literature and Jasmines. This is one of the most beautiful environments that has the old Casona de San Marcos.
Its vault has thirteen beautiful paintings from the mid-18th century, inspired by saints and doctors of the Church like St. Augustine, St. Thomas Aquinas and others.
General Hall
In front of the Courtyard of the Jasmines is the Salón General (General Hall), formed by courtroom, stands and wooden galleries, dating from the late-18th century. In this room of debates and controversies, the most important ceremonies of the University are currently held, such as graduations, solemn sessions and seminars.
Courtyards
At the early-20th century, the Casona de San Marcos had of five main cloisters. The Law Faculty worked in the Courtyard los Maestros, which is the main one and has in the center a carved sculpture, mute witness to innumerable historical events and symbol of the University that appears in the current bills of 20 nuevos soles.
The Courtyard of los Naranjos was occupied by the Arts and Education Faculty; the Courtyard of los Chicos, by the Faculty of Sciences, Chemistry and Physics; and the Courtyard of los Jasmines, by the Faculty of Jurisprudence. The fifth patio faced the garden.
Location
Nicolás de Piérola Avenue 1222 - University Park, Lima.
See also
National University of San Marcos
University City of the National University of San Marcos
References
External links
Official website of the Cultural Center of the University of San Marcos
Official website of the National University of San Marcos
National University of San Marcos
Buildings and structures in Lima
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1746
Educational institutions established in 1767
Baroque palaces in Peru
Rococo architecture in Peru
1605 establishments in the Spanish Empire
Cultural centers in Peru
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Peru
Pyrola elliptica, known as shinleaf, shinleaf pyrola, waxflower shinleaf, elliptic shineleaf and white wintergreen is a species of heath.
Description
The plant has 5-petaled white flowers and some what elliptical leaves with petioles shorter than the blade. It grows 6-12 inches tall in dry woods and forest, blooming from June through August.
Range
This species' range includes most of southern Canada and the northern United States, as well as part of the southwestern States.
References
elliptica
Flora of the United States
The Adventures of Lucky Pierre: Director's Cut is a novel by Robert Coover, published in 2002. The title is the same as a 1961 nudie cutie film, and like the film, the novel is divided into multiple vignettes, starring the title character Pierre.
The subtitle is an allusion to the now widespread practice of releasing director's cuts in addition to final cuts. There is no director's cut for the film.
An alternate subtitle "Raw Footage," had been used until publication, including the advanced reading copies. Several reviews were published with the alternate subtitle, while illustrating the book cover with the final subtitle. See, for example, Publishers Weekly. See also Internet Archive.
Unlike the film, the novel has an overriding metafictional theme, driven by Pierre seeking to escape from fiction.
Excerpts
Lucky Pierre was written over a period of thirty years, with numerous excerpts published separately.
Three excerpts were published in :
"Home Movies: Lucky Pierre and the Phantom Ass".
"Lucky Pierre in the Bath".
Dedication
The novel was dedicated to "Saint Buster, Saint Luis, and Saint Jean-Luc.” These are Buster Keaton, Luis Buñuel, Jean-Luc Godard, as is clear from a brief interview Coover gave in The New Yorker, where he mentioned the dedication, and said several of their films would be in his top fifty.
Organization
The novel is divided into nine chapters, called "reels". (The first chapter also includes the "titles".) Each reel is named for the woman director who is controlling Pierre for that chapter. In the ninth reel, all nine women are present, parading in Greek costume, identifying themselves as the nine muses:
Reception
Further reading
References
2002 American novels
Novels based on films
Centrache () is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
History
During the 1908 Messina earthquake, buildings and other structures throughout Centrache were destroyed; 80,000 people were killed.
References
External links
Cities and towns in Calabria
Lieutenant Colonel Horace Ellis Crouch (October 29, 1918 – December 21, 2005) was an American military aviator whose career included service with the United States Army Air Corps and United States Air Force, he was a combat veteran of World War II and the Korean War who served as one of the crewmembers on the Doolittle Raid.
Early life
Crouch was a native of Columbia, South Carolina, he attended Columbia High School and earned a bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering from The Citadel graduating in 1940; while a cadet he also served as a member of the South Carolina Army National Guard.
Commissioned into the Army Air Corps, he became triple qualified as a Navigator, Bombardier and Radar Operator then was assigned to the 89th Reconnaissance Squadron of the 17th Bombardment Group based at Pendleton Airport, Oregon which flew the new North American B-25 Mitchell medium bomber.
On December 5, 1941, he married Mary Epting (1919–2001), a childhood friend and high school classmate, while on their honeymoon they learned of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor that lead to the United States entry into World War II.
World War II and later military service
In early 1942, Crouch was one of 80 volunteers (from an original pool of 120) chosen for a secret mission to be led by Lieutenant Colonel Jimmy Doolittle, a surprise raid on Japan conducted by 16 B-25s flown off the aircraft carrier USS Hornet (CV-8). The "Doolittle Raiders" trained at Columbia Army Air Base in South Carolina and Eglin Field in Florida before sailing from Naval Air Station Alameda, California for Japan aboard the Hornet on April 2, 1942. Crouch served as the Bombardier, Navigator and Nose Gunner of Crew #10 flying on aircraft serial number 40-2250 which included Pilot Lt. Richard Joyce, Co-Pilot Lt. Royden Stork, Engineer/Turret Gunner Sgt. George Larkin and Gunner SSgt. Edward Horton. After launching off the Hornet on April 18 their aircraft struck targets in Tokyo and was credited with shooting down 2 Japanese fighters, the only enemy aircraft destroyed on the mission. After dropping their bombs, they flew on to China where the crew bailed out and were escorted to safety by local Chinese guerillas. Crouch remained in the China Burma India Theater until June 1943, serving with the 11th Bomb Squadron of the 341st Bombardment Group initially at bases in India and later at Kunming, China. After serving briefly in Japan after wars end Crouch left active duty in 1947 and joined the newly organized Air Force Reserve, he was recalled to active duty in 1948 with the newly independent United States Air Force and was assigned as Deputy State Director of the Selective Service System in Columbia, South Carolina. He returned to flying duty as a Navigator on the Boeing B-29 Superfortress flying combat missions during the Korean War while assigned to the 307th Bomb Wing at Kadena Air Base on Okinawa. After subsequent service with the 301st Bomb Wing and 4th Air Division at Barksdale AFB, Louisiana, he was Chief of Intelligence for the 68th Bomb Wing at Lake Charles AFB, Louisiana then became qualified as an Aircraft Observer on the Boeing B-47 Stratojet.
He resigned his commission in 1957 but returned to active duty as an enlisted Photo Interpretation Specialist and Intelligence Analyst serving in Germany and Shaw AFB, South Carolina, he retired in 1962 but reverted to his highest grade of Lieutenant Colonel.
Later life
Crouch was a high school math and drafting teacher at Columbia High school for another 20 years after his military service and earned a master's degree from Clemson University. He was a member of the Doolittle Raiders Association and American Legion, his military awards included the Silver Star, Distinguished Flying Cross, Air Medal with Oak Leaf Cluster and the Republic of China Armed Forces Medal Class A 1st Grade. In 1998, he was inducted into the South Carolina Aviation Hall of Fame. He was also recipient of the Order of the Palmetto, the highest award given by the State of South Carolina. In 2014, the Doolittle Raiders were awarded a Congressional Gold Medal.
Awards and decorations
References
External links
https://www.thestate.com/news/special-reports/state-125/article55503365.html
http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/bs-xpm-2001-09-16-0109160012-story.html
http://www.wistv.com/story/747710/doolittle-raiders-60th-anniversary-reunion-in-columbia/
https://www.postandcourier.com/patriots-point-to-mark-doolittle-raid-anniversary-friday/article_a9e79bde-23a6-11e7-94ca-a78027d42a86.html
https://airforce.togetherweserved.com/usaf/servlet/tws.webapp.WebApp?cmd=ShadowBoxProfile&type=Person&ID=173302
Further reading
Lawson, Ted W. Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo. Dulles, Virginia: Brassey's Inc., 2003 (60th anniversary reprinted edition). .
James H. Doolittle; Carroll V. Glines. I Could Never Be So Lucky Again. . OCLC 33957079
Military personnel from South Carolina
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
1918 births
2005 deaths
The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina alumni
People from Columbia, South Carolina
Doolittle Raiders
United States Air Force colonels
United States Air Force personnel of the Korean War
United States Army Air Forces officers
Recipients of the Silver Star
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Air Medal
United States Air Force officers
Eilema aurantioflava is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is found on Sumbawa.
References
aurantioflava
Eduard Wölfflin (1 January 1831, Basel – 8 November 1908, Basel) was a Swiss classical philologist. He was the father of art historian Heinrich Wölfflin.
Career
From 1848 to 1854, he studied at the Universities of Basel and Göttingen, where he was a pupil of Karl Friedrich Hermann. Following graduation, he worked as an assistant librarian at the University of Basel (1854–61).
He spent the next decade as schoolteacher in Winterthur (1861–71), and in the meantime became an associate professor in Latin philology (1869). In 1871 he attained a full professorship at the University of Zurich. From 1875 to 1880, he was a professor at the University of Erlangen, and from 1880 to 1906, was a professor at the University of Munich. Wölfflin was a member of the Bavarian Maximilian Order for Science and Art.
Published works
He was a primary catalyst in the establishment of the Thesaurus Linguae Latinae, a comprehensive dictionary of the Latin language — a project that first got underway in 1894. He was also editor of the Archiv für lateinische Lexikographie und Grammatik (from 1884), a periodical that grown to 15 volumes at the time of Wölfflin's death in 1908. Other significant writings by Wölfflin include:
De Lucii Ampelii libro Memoriali quaestiones criticae et historicae (dissertation). Göttingen 1854.
Caecilii de Balbi nugis philosophorum quae sunt super, Basel 1855.
Polyaeni libri octo strategicon, Leipzig 1860.
Livianische Kritik und Livianischer Sprachgebrauch, Berlin 1864 – Critical examination of Livy.
Publii Syri sententiae. Leipzig 1869
Antiochos von Syrakus und Coelius Antipater, 1872 – Antiochus of Syracuse and Lucius Coelius Antipater.
Lateinische und romanische Comparation, 1878 – Latin and Roman comparation.
Zur Composition der Historien des Tacitus, 1901 – Composition on the histories of Tacitus.
References
External links
1831 births
1908 deaths
People from Basel-Stadt
Swiss philologists
University of Erlangen-Nuremberg faculty
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich faculty
University of Zurich faculty
University of Basel alumni
University of Göttingen alumni
The Bill Whitehead Award is an annual literary award, presented by Publishing Triangle to honour lifetime achievement by writers within the LGBT community. First presented in 1989, the award was named in honour of Bill Whitehead, an editor with E. P. Dutton and Macmillan Publishers who died in 1987. The award is given to a woman in even-numbered years and a man in odd-numbered years.
Winners
References
External links
Triangle Awards
Literary awards honoring lifetime achievement
Awards established in 2006
Zink can refer to:
Zink (printing), an inkless printing technology used in instant photo printers
Zink, another name for the cornett or cornetto, a Renaissance wind instrument
Zink (Faroese band), a former Faroese punk band
Zink, an album by Dutch musician Bloem de Ligny
Zink Cars, a former constructor of Formula Vee and other racing cars founded by Ed Zink
People:
Charlie Zink (born 1979), American baseball player
Nell Zink (born 1964), American novelist
Nicolaus Zink (1812–1887), founder of Sisterdale, Texas
See also
Zinc (disambiguation)
Zinke, a surname
The St. Joseph River (Miami-Illinois: Kociihsasiipi) is an tributary of the Maumee River in northwestern Ohio and northeastern Indiana in the United States, with headwater tributaries rising in southern Michigan. It drains a primarily rural farming region in the watershed of Lake Erie.
The St. Joseph River of Lake Michigan is an entirely separate river that rises in western Michigan, dips into Indiana, and flows west into Lake Michigan.
Origin
At the end of the Wisconsin glaciation, the glacier's Erie Lobe retreated toward the northeast, leaving large debris deposits called moraines. The St. Joseph formed as a meltwater channel between the north limbs of two of these moraines, the Wabash Moraine on the west and the Fort Wayne Moraine on the east. At that time it joined the St. Marys River to drain into the Wabash River. Later, the shrinkage of Glacial Lake Maumee, the ancestor of modern Lake Erie, brought about the opening of the modern Maumee River, which captured the flow of the St. Joseph and the St. Marys, causing the St. Marys to reverse its course to meet the flow of the St. Joseph almost head-on.
The St. Joseph today
The St. Joseph River forms in northern Williams County, Ohio, at the confluence of the East and West branches at . Both branches rise in southern Hillsdale County, Michigan. The headwaters of the East Branch are within of those of the St. Joseph River of Lake Michigan. Both branches initially flow southeast, then turn to the southwest to flow across the northwestern corner of Ohio past Montpelier. The St. Joseph enters De Kalb County in northeastern Indiana, flowing southwest past Saint Joe and into the city of Fort Wayne, where it meets the St. Marys River to form the Maumee River at . The US Army Corps of Engineers built a flood control project in Fort Wayne that includes a floodwall and upper roadway along the St. Joseph River. (See photo)
Tributaries
From the mouth:
(left) Becketts Run
(right) Tiernan Ditch
(left) Ely Run
(left) Cedar Creek
Cedarville Reservoir
(left) Nettlehorst Ditch
(left) Warner Ditch
(right) Wittmer Ditch
(right) Haifley Ditch
(left) Swartz-Carnahan Ditch
Dunton Lake
(right) Boger Ditch
(left) Metcalf Ditch
(right) Walker Ditch
(left) Dilley Ditch
(left) Wade Ditch
(left) Bear Creek
(right) North Branch Hursey Ditch
(right) Carper Ditch
(left) South Branch Hursey Ditch
(right) Swander Ditch
(right) Nancy Davis Ditch
(left) Sol Shank Ditch
(right) Weicht Ditch
(left) Sebert Ditch
(right) Varner Ditch
(left) Hoodelmier Ditch
(right) Melissa Ditch
(left) Buck Creek
(left) Smith Ditch
(right) Mason Ditch
(left) Metcalf Ditch
(right) Harwood Ditch
(left) Christoffel Ditch
(right) Willow Run
(right) Amaden Ditch
(right) Greens Ditch
(right) Foulks Ditch
(left) Peter Grube Ditch
(left) Big Run
(right) Ayford Ditch
(left) Walters Ditch
(right) Streeter Ditch
(right) Praul Ditch
(right) Mary Metcalf Ditch
(left) Teutsch Ditch
(left) Donnell Ditch
(right) King Ditch
(right) John Smith Ditch
(left) Haverstolk Ditch
(left) Russell Run
(left) Fish Creek
(right) Cornell Ditch
(left) Hiram Sweet Ditch
(right) Baker Ditch
(left) Hamilton Lake
Black Creek
(left) Haughey Ditch
(left) Lillian Metz Ditch
(right) Burch Ditch
Ball Lake
(left) Myers Ditch
Perfect Lake
(left) West Branch Fish Creek
(left) Donald Nunkle Ditch
(left) Bluff Run
(left) Bear Creek
(left) Tamarack Ditch
(left) Eagle Creek
(right) North Branch Eagle Creek
(left) Nettle Creek
Nettle Lake
(right) Mill Stream Drain
(right) East Branch St. Joseph River (rises in southwest Adams Township, Hillsdale County, Michigan at )
(left) Clear Fork
(left) Silver Creek
Merry Lake
(left) Laird Creek
(right) Nile Ditch
(left) Ransom Ditch
(left) Bird Creek
Bird Lake
(left) Newton Drain
(left) Dillon Drain
(left) Anderson Drain
(left) Goose Creek
(left) Lake Number One
Lake Number Two
Pittsford Millpond
(right) Otto Drain
Deer Lake
Twin Lake
(left) West Branch St. Joseph River (rises just south of the intersection of Carpenter Rd. and W. Territorial Rd. in southern Cambria Township, Hillsdale County, Michigan at )
Lake Seneca
(left) outflow from Lake La Su An
(right) East Fork West Branch St. Joseph River (rises in northwest Cambria Township, Hillsdale County, Michigan at )
(left) Jonas Brown Drain
(left) Carruthers Drain
(right) outflow from Cub Lake
Cambria Millpond
(left) Cambria Drain
(left) Meade Drain
Bear Lake
(left) Pike Lake
Broom Lake
Lake Wilson
Bankers Lake
(left) West Fork West Branch St. Joseph River (rises from the outflow of Rebeck Lake in northwest Camden Township, Hillsdale County, Michigan at )
(left) Joe Drain
(left) Prouty Drain
Rebeck Lake
Mead Lake
Turner Lake
Drainage basin
The St. Joseph River and tributaries drain all or portions of the following:
Allen County, Indiana
Cedar Creek Township
Cedarville
Eel River Township
Fort Wayne
Grabill
Milan Township
Perry Township
St. Joseph Township
Springfield Township
Washington Township
DeKalb County, Indiana
Auburn
Butler Township
Butler
Concord Township
Franklin Township
Garrett
Jackson Township
Keyser Township
Newville Township
Richland Township
Grant Township
Fairfield Township
Saint Joe
Smithfield Township
Spencer Township
Spencerville
Stafford Township
Troy Township
Union Township
Waterloo
Wilmington Township
Noble County, Indiana
Avilla
Allen Township
Green Township
LaOtto
Swan Township
Wayne Township
Steuben County, Indiana
Clear Lake Township
Hamilton
Otsego Township
Richland Township
York Township
Defiance County, Ohio
Milford Township
Williams County, Ohio
Bridgewater Township
Blakeslee
Center Township
Edgerton
Edon
Florence Township
Madison Township
Montpelier
Northwest Township
Pioneer
St. Joseph Township
Superior Township
Hillsdale County, Michigan
Adams Township
Amboy Township
Cambria Township
Camden Township
Camden
Jefferson Township
Osseo
Pittsford Township
Ransom Township
Reading Township
Wheatland Township
Woodbridge Township
Wright Township
See also
List of Indiana rivers
List of Michigan rivers
List of rivers of Ohio
USS St. Joseph's River, a World War II-era US Navy vessel named after this river.
References
Further reading
Water Resource Availability in the Maumee River Basin, Indiana, Water Resource Assessment 96-5, Indianapolis:Indiana Department of Natural Resources, Division of Water, 1996, p. 46.
Sunderman, Jack A., "The Three Faces of Cedar Creek," ACRES Quarterly, v. 39, no. 4 (Fall 2000), pp. 6-7.
External links
EPA St. Joseph Watershed Profile
St. Joseph River Watershed Initiative
Maumee River Basin Commission
Maume Valley Heritage Corridor
Rivers of Indiana
Rivers of Michigan
Rivers of Ohio
Rivers of Allen County, Indiana
Rivers of Hillsdale County, Michigan
Rivers of DeKalb County, Indiana
Rivers of Williams County, Ohio
Tributaries of Lake Erie
Temple University's College of Science and Technology houses the departments of Biology, Chemistry, Computer & Information Sciences, Earth & Environmental Science, Mathematics, and Physics. It is one of the largest schools or colleges of its kind in the Philadelphia region with more than 200 faculty and 4000 undergraduate and graduate students. Michael L. Klein is dean of the college and Laura H. Carnell Professor.
Founded in 1998 from the science departments in what was then the College of Arts and Sciences, the College of Science and Technology offers bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees in all six departments as well as science with teaching bachelor's degrees through the TUteach program, based on the UTeach program.
Undergraduate Research Program
The College of Science and Technology offers the CST Undergraduate Research Program (URP). Students selected to participate work with a faculty sponsor to perform research in the faculty member's lab. It may also be possible for students to earn a stipend for additional work performed in the lab in excess of the required research course requirements. Students may be asked to participate in conferences, author papers or to showcase their research work in the department or at the URP Research Symposium.
Centers and Institutes for Advanced Research & Education
Center for Advanced Photonics Research
Center for Biophysics and Computational Biology
Center for Computational Genetics and Genomics
Center for Data Analytics and Biomedical Informatics
Center for Materials Theory
Institute for Computational Molecular Science
Sbarro Health Research Organization
Research Support Facilities
Research and Instructional Support Facility (RISF)
Solid Phase Peptide Synthesis and Analysis (SPPS)
Materials Research Facility
Notable faculty
Antonio Giordano, Biology
Michael L. Klein, Chemistry
Jie Wu, Computer & Information Sciences
Igor Rivin, Mathematics
Xiaoxing Xi, Physics
Notable alumni
F. Albert Cotton, chemist
Angelo DiGeorge, pediatric endocrinologist
Bernard Roizman, virologist
Herbert Scarf, mathematical economist
References
Temple University
The Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Music in a Play is an annual award presented by Drama Desk in recognition of achievements in the theatre among Broadway, Off Broadway and Off-Off Broadway productions. This category was not created until the 1980 ceremony and has only been regularly awarded since 2009.
Winners and nominees
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s
2020s
See also
Tony Award for Best Original Score
References
External links
Drama Desk official website
Play Music
The Church of the Virgin Mary at Zeitoun (The Apparition Church) was built by Tawfik Khalil Ibrahim, under the supervision of the Italian architect Leomingelli. The church was built as a miniature of the famous Agia Sophia church in Istanbul, Turkey, allegedly based upon a vision Ibrahim had seen, in which the Virgin Mary told him that she would appear in her church at Zeitoun after forty years. The church was consecrated during the mass on June 29th, 1925. According to tradition, the site is one of the locations where the holy family stayed during their flight into Egypt.
Apparition
On the evening of Tuesday, 2 April 1968 (24 Baramhat 1684 in the Coptic Calendar), sightings of the Virgin Mary and associated phenomena were reported by a group of individuals at the church. Luminous scenes were reported to be seen over the domes of St. Mary church at Zeitoun. The first apparition was seen by the workmen of a garage belonging to the Public Transport Authority opposite the church. Among them was the watchman Abdel Aziz Ali, who saw a luminous body of a young lady kneeling next to the cross located on the largest dome of the church.
Ali started shouting, "a light over the dome!" Then he called upon his fellow workers to look at the lady on the roof of the church. Some of them thought it was a young lady trying to commit suicide, so they shouted a warning to her. She was standing over the dome in her white robe, and she was holding in her hand what appeared to be an olive branch. Then they saw her moving, and a light was emanating from her body all around her. After identifying her as the Virgin Mary, they began shouting "It is the Virgin... It is Virgin Mary."
This apparition was reported to be accompanied by various spiritual phenomena including:
Spiritual bodies in the form of doves, flying with great speed breaking through the sky over the church.
Stars dropping very rapidly above the domes and over the roof of the church.
Flashes, like lighting, radiating from the church domes, mainly from the northeast dome.
Fragrant incense spreading and filling the place over the central dome, the roof, and the church itself.
Luminous clouds over the church domes, in the form of the Virgin Mary.
In 1971, after the "miracle of Zeitoun", the Egyptian artist Yacoub Fanous painted some additional icons on the walls of the church. He adorned the apse with a painting of Jesus Christ Pantocrator and, on the dome that was hitherto adorned with stars on a blue background, he painted the Virgin Mary with outspread arms.
Annual celebration
Every year on 2 April the church celebrates the Virgin's apparition in a gathering of thousands of believers who wish to honor her, seeking her blessing and intercession.
"Blessed are you, O Mary, the ever-lighted lamp." – St. Cyril of Alexandria
"Blessed are you, O Mary, the heaven bearing the Divinity." – St. Ephrem the Syrian
"Blessed are you, O Mary, who is more honored than the Cherubim and more glorified than the Seraphim." – St. John Chrysostom
"Blessed is our land, and blessed is our Holy church which the Blessed Virgin has chosen from all parts of the world to appear in, in a very special and unprecedented manner." – Pope Shenouda III of Alexandria
References
External links
Coptic Orthodox churches in Cairo
Religion articles needing expert attention
20th-century Oriental Orthodox church buildings
20th-century churches in Egypt
William Welch Deloitte (13 February 1818 – 23 August 1898) was a British accountant and the founder of the professional services firm that subsequently became Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in the United States and Coopers & Lybrand Deloitte in the United Kingdom. He was born in London, England. He was one of the fathers of the accountancy profession.
Early life
A grandson of a Count de Loitte, who had fled France during the French Revolution, Deloitte started his career early. At the age of 15 he became an assistant to the Official Assignee at the Bankruptcy Court in the City of London, and there he learned the business.
Career
At the age of 25, Deloitte opened his own office opposite the Bankruptcy Court in Basinghall Street. He made his name with the industry of the day—the railways—and in 1849 at the Great Western Railway.
He discovered fraud perpetrated on the Great Northern Railway by Leopold Redpath, invented a system for railway accounts that protected investors from mismanagement of funds, and was to become the grand old man of the profession. When Deloitte retired from Deloitte, Plender, Griffiths & Co. in 1897, one year before his death, he was the oldest practising accountant.
He served as president of the newly created Institute of Chartered Accountants between 1888 and 1889.
He died in 1898.
References
1818 births
1898 deaths
English accountants
English people of French descent
Deloitte people
19th-century English businesspeople
Fort Noble Mountain is a mountain in the Adirondack Mountains of New York. It is located east-northeast of Nobleboro, on the line between the town of Ohio in Herkimer County and town of Morehouse in Hamilton County. In July 1910, the wood fire lookout tower was built on the mountain. In 1916, it was replaced with a steel tower. The tower ceased fire lookout operations in 1978, and was later removed.
History
In July 1910, the Forest, Fish and Game Commission built a wood fire lookout tower on the mountain. In 1916, the Conservation Commission replaced it with a Aermotor LL25 tower. The tower was of a lighter weight than the 1917 design and had no stairs but only a ladder up the exterior to get to the top. In 1918 or 1919, wooden steps were added within the structure to ease access to the top of the tower. The tower ceased fire lookout operations in 1978. The tower was later removed because it was deemed excess to the fire detection needs and additionally was classified as a "non-conforming" structure in the Fort Noble Primitive Area. With the tower removed, it made it possible for changing the land classification to Wilderness.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of Hamilton County, New York
HeadCount is a national non-profit organization that works with musicians to promote participation in democracy in the United States. It is best known for registering voters at concerts – having signed up over 1,000,000 voters since its launch in 2004.
Origins
The organization was co-founded in 2004 by Marc Brownstein, bass player for the popular electronic rock band The Disco Biscuits, and his friend Andy Bernstein, author of The Pharmer's Almanac, a series of books about Phish. As of July 2019, Peter Shapiro serves as chairman of the board, Bernstein is a executive director of the organization, and Brownstein is a board member with the title "founder, chairman emeritus".
Activities
Some of HeadCount's higher-profile activity includes the release of public service announcements starring Jay-Z and Dave Matthews, a compilation album featuring Pearl Jam, Wilco and Phish, and various activities involving board member Bob Weir of the Grateful Dead. HeadCount also has served as the voter registration partner for the March for Our Lives movement, as well as Spotify, SoundCloud, American Eagle Outfitters, and The Grammys.
For the 2020 election, the organization registered roughly 400,000 voters, through its work with Ariana Grande, Spotify, YouTuber David Dobrik, and hundreds of other musicians, brands and partners. Although HeadCount is largely known for its on-the-ground work registering voters at concerts, and is a mainstay at festivals like Bonnaroo and Lollapalooza, the Coronavirus pandemic did not stop the organization's momentum. Instead, it had its best election cycle ever.
This followed many years of activity combining music, culture and democratic participation.
For the Midterm Elections in 2018, HeadCount also rolled out a campaign called "The Future is Voting" featuring many elements, including an anthem film, a get-out-the-vote tour, and a series of limited edition Levi's Trucker Jackets worn by musicians and social media influencers for National Voter Registration Day. Earlier that year, HeadCount ran the voter registration efforts for March for Our Lives, the organization created by students from Parkland, FL after the mass shooting at their high school.
HeadCount is a founder of National Voter Registration Day and stages a massive social media campaign around it each year. The campaign has featured hundreds of musicians and entertainers posting "Register to Vote" photos on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, with a link to an online voter registration form. Participants included Stephen Colbert, Jon Stewart, Fergie, Russell Simmons and The Black Keys.
In 2016 HeadCount partnered with music streaming services Spotify and Pandora Radio to help music fans vote. American Spotify users received a message from President Barack Obama directing them to HeadCount.org for voter information. Pandora ran short HeadCount Get-Out-The-Vote PSA's 750 million times and helped over 10,000 voters register through ads on the app. HeadCount also partnered with Ben & Jerry's to hand out free ice cream on Phish tour to fans that registered or pledged to vote. HeadCount works with the non-partisan VoteRiders organization to spread state-specific information on voter ID requirements. And for the first time ever, HeadCount registered voters at every stop on Vans Warped Tour.
Beyond concerts, HeadCount has a large presence on the Internet. Its blog features updates on "music, politics and everything in between," and it launched a platform called #SoundOff (www.SoundOffatCongress.org) for Tweeting directly at members of Congress.
In 2008 HeadCount produced the documentary A Call to Action, which has aired on cable television. In early 2012 HeadCount conceived and produced "The Bridge Session" a live performance from Bob Weir's TRI Studios featuring Weir, members of the National and various other guests. A live webcast on Yahoo! also featured a roundtable political discussion. The collaborations in that session led to Day of the Dead and Blue Mountain.
The non-profit also runs the "Capitol Community" program for the Capitol Theatre (Port Chester, New York), which sends school teachers to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum for curriculum training.
Participation Row
HeadCount manages Participation Row activism villages at various music festivals including Lockn' (2013, 2014, 2015, 2016) in Arrington, VA, True Music (2013) in Scottsdale, AZ, Phases of the Moon (2014) in Danville, IL, FloydFest (2016) near Floyd, VA the Okeechobee Music & Arts Festival in Okeechobee, FL, The Traveler's Rest Festival in Montana, and Newport Folk Festival and Newport Jazz Festival in Rhode Island. HeadCount also put on a Participation Row for the Dead & Company tours, which was preceded by Fare Thee Well: Celebrating 50 Years of the Grateful Dead in both Levi's Stadium and Soldier Field and on Dead & Company's 2016 Summer Tour. Participation Row traditionally hosts 8-16 different non-profits, allowing concert-goers to take actions related to the non-profits. Each Participation Row has also included a silent auction of signed merchandise, with proceeds going to the participating non-profits. At the Fare Thee Well shows, the Participation Row silent auction included a D'Angelico EX-DC electric guitar signed by all 7 performers and played by Bob Weir on stage during the second Santa Clara show. The auction for the guitar closed at $526,000 , making it the 20th most expensive guitar of all time .
Structure
Since its inception, HeadCount has been largely volunteer-driven. It fields volunteer teams in most major U.S. cities. Each consists of a trained team leader who runs the local operations, and a cadre of volunteers. These teams then set up tables at concerts through which they register voters and disseminate information related to political issues and upcoming elections. This approach has allowed HeadCount to keep its operating costs low while reaching a very large number of people. In any given year, the organization sets up these tables at 500 to 1,500 concerts or more.
HeadCount is supported by a Board of Directors including Grateful Dead guitarist Bob Weir.
HeadCount is based in New York City, but has volunteer street teams all over the U.S.
References
External links
HeadCount.org
Dave Matthews Band Urge Fans to Vote
Disco Biscuits Were Toasted to a Delicious Golden Brown in '06
An Interview with Andy Bernstein of HeadCount
Election and voting-related organizations based in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in New York City
Head
Voter registration
Darker than Amber (1966) is the seventh novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot begins when McGee and his close friend Meyer are fishing underneath a bridge and a young woman, bound and weighted, is thrown over the bridge. It was adapted into a 1970 film of the same name.
Themes
The title phrase, "Darker Than Amber" appears on page 31 of the first edition when Travis McGee is referring to the eyes of the girl who was thrown over the bridge. He states, "In that light the color of her eyes surprised me. Light shrunk the pupils small. The irises were not as dark as I had imagined. They were a strange yellow-brown, a curious shade, just a little darker than amber, and there were small green flecks near the pupils." Later on page 64, McGee states again, "I looked at the eye...Darker than amber."
McGee's occasional sidekick, Meyer, plays a prominent role in the book. Early in the book, McGee describes him:
"You can watch the Meyer Magic at work and not know how it's done. He has the size and pelt of the average Adirondack black bear. He can walk a beach, go into any bar, cross any playground, and acquire people the way blue serge picks up lint, and the new friends believe they have known him forever. Perhaps it is because he actually listens, and actually cares, and can make you feel as if his day would have been worthless, an absolute nothing, had he not had the miraculous good fortune of meeting you. He asks you the questions you want to be asked, so you can let go with the answers that take the tensions out of your inner gears and springs. It is not an artifice. He could have been one of the great con artists of all time. Or one of the great psychiatrists. Or the founder of a new religion, Meyerism."
References
1966 American novels
Travis McGee (novel series)
American novels adapted into films
Nir Tzvi () is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Lod, it falls under the jurisdiction of Sdot Dan Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded in 1954 by immigrants from Argentina. It was initially called Kfar Argentina (lit. Argentina Village), before being renamed after Maurice "Zvi" de Hirsch who had helped the Jews of Argentina.
Education
The moshav hosts the primary school that serves as the educational institute for all the children from first to eighth grade in the Sdot Dan Regional Council.
See also
Argentine Jews in Israel
References
External links
Village website
Argentine-Jewish culture in Israel
Moshavim
Agricultural Union
Populated places established in 1954
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1954 establishments in Israel
Gertma () is a rural locality (a selo) in Kazbekovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,558 as of 2010. There are 18 streets.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
Geography
Gertma is located 17 km southeast of Dylym (the district's administrative centre) by road. Guni and Khubar are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Kazbekovsky District
Po Tong Ha () is a village in Tuen Mun District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Po Tong Ha is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy. It is one of the 36 villages represented within the Tuen Mun Rural Committee. For electoral purposes, Po Tong Ha is part of the Po Tin constituency.
See also
Siu Hang Tsuen (Tuen Mun District), a village located directly south of Po Tong Ha
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Po Tong Ha (Tuen Mun) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tuen Mun District
Garab (, also Romanized as Garāb and Garr Āb) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 79, in 19 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Institut du Bosphore is a think-tank of high-level Turkish and French personalities from various backgrounds including politicians, businessmen, economists, experts and intellectuals. The stated mission of the Institut du Bosphore is to bolster free and objective links between France and Turkey.
The Institut du Bosphore debates topics such as global politics, economy, social and cultural issues with a view to highlighting Turkey's involvement in global society and in particular its close ties with the European Union and France. It facilitates common reflection of French and Turkish people on Europe and current global issues.
Bahadır Kaleağası is the President of the Institut du Bosphore.
References
External links
English language official website
Think tanks based in France
HMS Keppel was a Thornycroft type flotilla leader built for the Royal Navy at the end of the First World War. She was completed too late to serve in that conflict, but saw extensive service in the inter war years and in World War II. She was an effective convoy escort and U-boat killer, being credited with the destruction of five U-boats during the Battle of the Atlantic. She was the second of three ships named for 18th century Admiral Augustus Keppel.
Construction
Keppel was one of five ships of this class built as flotilla leaders by J I Thornycroft of Woolston, Hampshire to their own design. In this she was similar to the Admiralty's destroyer leader type, but built with features specific to Thornycroft's design principles. Keppel was ordered in April 1918 and laid down in October that year, but the war ended shortly after and work slowed with the advent of peace. Keppel was launched in April 1920 and moved to the Royal Navy Dockyard at Portsmouth, and later to Pembroke Dockyard, where she was finally completed in April 1925.
Service history
After commissioning Keppel served on various stations in the inter-war period, in the Mediterranean and the Far East, before going into reserve in 1937. With war threatening she was re-commissioned in August 1939 and was stationed at Gibraltar as leader of 13th Destroyer Flotilla. In June 1940 she assisted in the evacuation of forces from France, and in Operation Catapult, the attack on the French Fleet at Mers el Kebir.
Following this she was returned to Scapa Flow, joining 12th Destroyer Flotilla for fleet operations, such as assisting in fleet escort duty, offensive sweeps in home waters, and preparations to resist the expected German invasion.
In February 1941 she was deployed to the Western Approaches Escort Force for Atlantic convoy defence. She was designated as leader of 12th Escort Group, stationed at Londonderry.
In this role Keppel was engaged in all the duties performed by escort ships; protecting convoys, searching for and attacking U-boats which attacked ships in convoy, and rescuing survivors. In four years service Keppel escorted more than 30 North Atlantic and over a dozen Gibraltar convoys, of which six were attacked, with the loss of 20 ships (though several others were also lost as stragglers) and she was involved in four major convoy battles. In this Keppel ensured the safe and timely arrival of over 1000 ships, destroyed one U-boat and assisted in the destruction of two others.
She also operated on the Arctic convoy route, escorting 15 convoys to and from the Soviet Union. Most of these were attacked, several suffering heavy losses; during this time Keppel attacked and destroyed four U-boats.
in March 1942 while with convoy WS 17 Keppel D/F'ed a U-boat later identified as , which was attacked and destroyed by other units of the escort group.
In July 1942 Keppel was leader of the close escort for the ill-fated Arctic convoy PQ 17, which suffered heavy losses after the convoy was scattered.
In September 1942 she was part of the Distant Cover Force protecting PQ 18, and the returning QP 14, though the force was not directly involved in the fighting around them.
In early 1943 Keppel, now leading 3EG, returned to the Atlantic.
In May 1943, while escorting HX 239, Keppel D/F'ed a U-boat later identified as , which was attacked and destroyed by other units of the escort group.
In September 1943, Keppel was involved in the battle around ONS 18, which saw six ships and three escorts sunk, for the destruction of three U-boats. One of these, , was attacked and destroyed by Keppel on the last day of the battle.
In January 1944 Keppel, now leading 8EG, returned to the Arctic convoy route. In February, with JW 57, she attacked and destroyed , one of two dispatched by the escort group.
On the return with RA 57, one ship was lost for the destruction of three U-boats and damage of two others.
In April 1944, with JW 58, Keppel rammed and sank , one of four U-boats destroyed in this action.
In summer 1944 Keppel transferred to the Channel for Operation Neptune, the naval operations supporting the Normandy landings.
In August 1944, with JW 59, Keppel and other units attacked and destroyed , one of two accounted for, for the loss of one escort, . Returning with RA 59A, Keppel and other units attacked and destroyed .
In June 1945 Keppel was decommissioned and in July 1945 was sold off for breaking/to be scrapped.
Battle honours
During her service Keppel was awarded four battle honours:
Atlantic 1940–43
Malta convoys 1942
Arctic 1942–45
Normandy 1944
Successes
During her service Keppel was credited with the destruction of five U-boats, and assisted in the destruction of two others:
Notes
References
Clay Blair : Hitler's U-Boat War Vol II: The Hunted 1942–1945 (1998)
Arnold Hague : The Allied Convoy System 1939–1945 (2000). (Canada); (UK).
Paul Kemp : U-Boats Destroyed ( 1997) .
Axel Neistle : German U-Boat Losses during World War II (1998).
Whitley, MH : Destroyers of World War Two (1988)
External links
HMS Keppel at naval-history.net: retrieved 2 Feb 2015
HMS Keppel at uboat.net: retrieved 2 Feb 2015
HMS Keppel at britainsnavy.co.uk
Thornycroft type destroyer leaders
Ships built in Southampton
1920 ships
World War II destroyers of the United Kingdom
Ships built by John I. Thornycroft & Company
Payette County is a county located in Idaho in the United States of America. As of the 2010 census, the population was 22,623. The county seat and largest city is Payette.
Payette County is part of the Ontario micropolitan area.
History
The county was established in 1917, partitioned from Canyon County. It was named after the Payette River, which was named after French-Canadian François Payette.
Originally a fur trapper with the North West Company, Payette was the first white man in the area in 1818.
Payette County is one of the few counties in Idaho to be the home to the endangered Idaho ground squirrel.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.8%) is water. It is the smallest county in Idaho by area.
Adjacent counties
Washington County - north
Gem County - east
Canyon County - south
Malheur County, Oregon - west
National protected area
Deer Flat National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Rivers
Snake River
Payette River
Highways
I 84
US 30
US 95
SH-52
SH-72
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 20,578 people, 7,371 households, and 5,572 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 7,949 housing units at an average density of 20 per square mile (8/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 90.25% White, 0.87% Native American, 0.85% Asian, 0.10% Black or African American, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 5.57% from other races, and 2.33% from two or more races. 11.92% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 19.5% were of German, 13.5% English, 12.3% American and 8.3% Irish ancestry.
There were 7,371 households, out of which 37.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.00% were married couples living together, 9.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.40% were non-families. 20.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.21.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 30.60% under the age of 18, 7.90% from 18 to 24, 26.60% from 25 to 44, 21.70% from 45 to 64, and 13.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $33,046, and the median income for a family was $37,430. Males had a median income of $30,641 versus $21,421 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,924. About 9.70% of families and 13.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.70% of those under age 18 and 12.20% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 22,623 people, 8,262 households, and 6,017 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 8,945 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 88.6% white, 1.1% American Indian, 0.8% Asian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.1% Pacific islander, 6.3% from other races, and 2.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 14.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 18.9% were American, 16.8% were German, 13.2% were English, and 10.5% were Irish.
Of the 8,262 households, 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were married couples living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 27.2% were non-families, and 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.19. The median age was 37.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $43,559 and the median income for a family was $50,323. Males had a median income of $38,582 versus $25,826 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,814. About 12.0% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.6% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 25,386 people, 9,086 households, and 6,275 families residing in the county.
Education
The county is served by three school districts:
Payette Joint District 371
Payette High School
McCain Middle School
Payette Primary School
Westside Elementary School
Payette Night School
New Plymouth District 372
New Plymouth High School
New Plymouth Middle School
New Plymouth Elementary School
Fruitland District 373
Fruitland High School
Fruitland Middle School
Fruitland Elementary School
Fruitland Alternative School
Communities
Cities
Fruitland
New Plymouth
Payette
Unincorporated community
Hamilton Corner
Politics
Like most of Idaho, Payette County voters are overwhelmingly Republican. In no presidential election since 1936 has the county selected the Democratic candidate, and Jimmy Carter in 1976 was the last Democrat to crack one third of the county's vote.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Payette County, Idaho
References
http://www.sde.idaho.gov/site/edu_directory/docs/Educational%20Directory.pdf
External links
Payette County from the Idaho Museum of Natural History
County website
State profile of Payette County
University of Idaho Extension for Payette County
Payette County USGenWeb
Idaho counties
1917 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1917
Ontario, Oregon micropolitan area
Harold Anthony "Hal" Weaver, Jr. (born 1953) is an American astronomer, known for his research into the composition of solar system bodies including comets and Kuiper belt objects.
Weaver attended Duke University as an undergraduate, and obtained his PhD from Johns Hopkins, where he researched the spectra of comets using data from the International Ultraviolet Explorer space telescope.
Since 2002 Weaver has worked at the Applied Physics Laboratory. He is co-investigator on the Alice ultraviolet imaging spectrometer on board the Rosetta mission to comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko, In the 1990s and 2000s he worked on the Far Ultraviolet Spectroscopic Explorer space telescope, conducted research into comets using the Hubble Space Telescope, and co-led the Pluto Companion Search Team that in 2005 discovered the second and third moons of Pluto (Nix and Hydra) using the Hubble.
His involvement in the New Horizons mission to Pluto and beyond meant that Weaver was also co-discoverer of Kerberos and Styx in 2011 and 2012 respectively. Weaver has frequently appeared with New Horizons principal investigator Alan Stern at press briefings announcing the mission's findings following the fly-bys of Pluto and 486958 Arrokoth, and has made media appearances to discuss the mission.
The Mars-crossing asteroid 5720 Halweaver is named after him.
References
External links
Recent bibliography
1953 births
Living people
American astronomers
Planetary scientists
New Horizons
The Glass Castle (French: Le Château de verre) is a 1950 French romantic drama film directed by René Clément who co-wrote the screenplay with Gian Bistolfi and Pierre Bost, based on the 1935 novel Das große Einmaleins by Vicki Baum. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Jean Marais, Jean Servais (French version), Fosco Giachetti (Italian version) and Elisa Cegani.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Léon Barsacq.
Main characters
Michèle Morgan as Evelyne Lorin-Bertal
Jean Marais as Rémy Marsay
Jean Servais as Laurent Bertal (French version)
Fosco Giachetti as Laurent Bertal (Italian version)
Elisa Cegani as Eléna
Elina Labourdette as Marion
Giovanna Galletti as Louise Morel - l'accusée
André Carnège as Le secrétaire
Roger Dalphin as Marcel
Albert Michel as Le charmeur d'oiseaux
Colette Régis as La tenancière de l'hôtel
Allain Dhurtal as Le procureur
See also
Rendezvous in Paris (1982 film)
References
External links
Le Château de verre at DvdToile
1950 films
1950s French-language films
1950 romantic drama films
Films directed by René Clément
French multilingual films
Films based on Austrian novels
Films with screenplays by Pierre Bost
Italian multilingual films
1950s multilingual films
French black-and-white films
French romantic drama films
1950s French films
Doris Gwendoline Helliwell (born 16 December 1895) was a renowned concert pianist in early Johannesburg, South Africa. She was awarded Honours in the Associate in Music examinations through Trinity College, London.
In 1916, Doris married prominent violinist Francesco Ferramosca (b. Francescantonio Ferramosca, 23 August 1893, Viggiano, Italy).
After Ferramosca died in 1932, she married Michele Scuto (name changed to Scuto Mitchell). After Mitchell died a few years later, she married the big-game hunter John Francois Burger. With Burger, she traveled extensively throughout Southern Africa, big-game hunting and gold prospecting. Accompanying them on their journeys was Doris' pet leopard, Spots. These expeditions are documented in various books written by Burger.
As Mrs. Doris Ferramosca she won the inaugural Southern African beauty competition, held by South African Pictorial ("The Union's National Weekly") in 1923, which was a precursor to the official Miss South Africa pageant.
Early history
Doris was born in 1895 in Sheffield, England to Frederick Helliwell (b. 1870), master butcher in Rotherham and Matilda Earnshaw (b. 18 January 1869), school teacher in Treeton. She had one sister, Phyllis Ida Helliwell (b. 22 November 1900, West Riding, Yorkshire). The family emigrated to Johannesburg, Transvaal Colony in the early 1900s. Doris started studying piano under Barclay Donn, a teacher who specialized in grooming promising pianists for public appearances. She later became a student of the acclaimed piano teacher Sr. Lorenzo Danza.
Musical career
Doris performed at a number of concert venues in Johannesburg from 1910 to 1915, and received considerable praise in the press for her interpretations of difficult and intricate piano pieces. She appeared in several printed programmes.
Family
Doris married Francesco Ferramosca (m. 11 January 1916) and they had two boys, Joseph Frederick Lorenzo ("Genzie") Ferramosca (b. 17 May 1916; d. 3 January 2007) and Frank Eugene ("Chickles") Ferramosca (name changed to Mitchell) (b. 21 January 1921; d. 14 March 2003).
After the birth of their children she was persuaded by the Cape Town photographer H. Goldstone to enter into the national weekly journal, South African Pictorial's Beauty Competition. The competition opened on 16 June 1923 and concluded on 24 November 1923. From a large number of entries, Doris won the £20 First Prize. This competition was a precursor of the official Miss South Africa pageant.
Doris' third husband, John Francois Burger, was an avid big-game hunter. In the exploratory days of the early 1900s, despite modern controversy over the practice, game hunting was a substantial source of income for the family. John hunted and slaughtered over 1000 buffalo, by far the most prolific hunter of his time.
References
1895 births
1952 deaths
People from Ecclesall
Women classical pianists
South African classical pianists
South African women musicians
Musicians from Sheffield
British emigrants to Transvaal Colony
20th-century South African musicians
20th-century classical musicians
20th-century women musicians
The Hispaniolan spindalis (Spindalis dominicensis) is a species of bird from the Spindalis genus formerly in the family Thraupidae. It is endemic to the Caribbean island of Hispaniola (split between Haiti and the Dominican Republic).
References
Hispaniolan Spindalis
Endemic birds of the Caribbean
Birds of Hispaniola
Birds of the Dominican Republic
Birds of Haiti
Endemic birds of Hispaniola
Hispaniolan spindalis
Hispaniolan spindalis
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Harvard House High School is a school located at 18, South Tangra Road, Kolkata, India. The school was established in 1995. This is a boys' school and is affiliated to Indian Certificate of Secondary Education and Indian School Certificate. This school apart from studies had opened its wing in the field of creativity, sports, social activities, etc. The school has attended and participated as well as hosted Inter-house and Inter-school competition.
The school motto is "Omnia Possibile Sunt", which means "All Things are Possible".
See also
Education in India
List of schools in India
Education in West Bengal
References
External links
Boys' schools in India
High schools and secondary schools in Kolkata
Educational institutions established in 1995
1995 establishments in West Bengal
The Gambling Terror is a 1937 American Western film directed by Sam Newfield and starring Johnny Mack Brown, Iris Meredith and Charles King.
Plot
A town is effectively terrorised by a protection racket with no one knowing who their leader is. Their only opposition is the editor of a local newspaper. When the editor's young son is caught listening to a pair to thugs victimising a farmer the thugs threaten to beat him to tell them what he heard. They are thwarted and beat up by Jeff Hayes, a gambler who is passing through town. When they threaten retribution to Jeff, he laughs in their face, telling them that anyone who'd horsewhip a child wouldn't be too much for a man to worry about.
The previous gambling in the town saloon was stopped by the protection racket when they wouldn't pay tribute. Jeff refuses to pay and gives the now frightened thugs a sample of his quick draw and expert marksmanship with his pair of six shooters. Jeff is cheered by the town, but despised because he is a gambler by the editor's daughter. The editor wants Jeff to join his vigilantes, but Jeff warns the editor that you don't fight bushwhackers by riding on the skyline.
Brett, the overseer of the thugs proposes that as Jeff is a gambler, he'd go for the most profit, in his case a large percentage of the proceeds of the operation. As insurance, the thugs kidnap the editor's son.
Partial cast
Johnny Mack Brown as Jeff Hayes
Iris Meredith as Betty Garret
Charles King as Brett
Dick Curtis as Dirk - Brett's Henchman
Ted Adams as Sheriff
Horace Murphy as Missouri Bill, Printer's Devil
Earl Dwire as Homer Bradley
Frank Ball as Garret - Weekly Star Editor
Bobby Nelson as Jerry Garret
Lloyd Ingraham as Old Man
Emma Tansey as Old Woman
Budd Buster as Shorty
References
Bibliography
Pitts, Michael R. Western Movies: A Guide to 5,105 Feature Films. McFarland, 2012.
External links
1937 films
1937 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
Republic Pictures films
Films directed by Sam Newfield
American black-and-white films
Films with screenplays by George H. Plympton
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Walter G. Ratterman (1887–1944), or W. G. Ratterman, was a twentieth-century American genre painter and illustrator. In the 1920s, he had lived and painted in New York, where the majority of his artworks and illustrations were published. He subsequently moved and lived in Woodstock, New York from the 1930s. Ratterman's artwork was published in various American books and periodicals between the 1910s to the 1940s. He was a member of the Artists Guild of the Authors' League of America.
Artwork
The paintings by Ratterman were primarily genre works, in that they portrayed ordinary people engaged in common activities and depicted aspects of everyday life during the early part of the twentieth century.
A great number of his paintings were painted "en grisaille" because they were used for reproduction as illustrations in books and periodicals prior to the introduction of four-color printing.
In addition to books, the Saturday Evening Post, Good Housekeeping, and Everybody's Magazine periodicals regularly featured his genre paintings.
His fellow artistic contemporaries included James Montgomery Flagg and Howard Chandler Christy.
See also
Genre works
Illustration
List of illustrators
James Montgomery Flagg
Howard Chandler Christy
Norman Rockwell
Everett Raymond Kinstler
Saturday Evening Post
Good Housekeeping
References
'Who Was Who In American Art', 1564-1975, Vol III: P-Z, by Falk, Peter Hastings et al., Sound View Press, 1985.
'Dictionary of American Painters, Sculptors and Engravers', Fielding, Mantle, Modern Books and Crafts, 1974.
19th-century American painters
19th-century American male artists
American male painters
20th-century American painters
20th-century American male artists
American genre painters
American illustrators
1887 births
1944 deaths
Histoire, Économie et Société is a French history journal. It was established in 1908 as the Revue d'histoire des doctrines économiques et sociales and became the Revue d'histoire économique et sociale in 1913. It acquired its current name in 1982. It is indexed by ABC-CLIO, FRANCIS (INIST), Ingenta, and JournalSeek.
References
History journals
Publications established in 1908
French-language journals
Quarterly journals
Sheikh Hamad bin Suhaim bin Hamad bin Abdullah bin Jassim bin Muhammed Al Thani (born 1958 in Doha), is a former government minister of Qatar. He is the son of Sheikh Suhaim bin Hamad Al Thani, the granduncle (and father-in-law, through the current Emir's first marriage to Hamad's daughter Sheikha Jawaher bint Hamad bin Suhaim Al Thani) of the current Emir of Qatar, Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani.
Biography
He studied at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst.
He was deputy of Foreign Affairs Minister (1986-1989).
He was Minister of Information and Culture (1989–1992) then Minister of Public Health (1992–1995)
He was the Palace Affairs Minister (1995–1996).
He became Minister of State Without Portfolio (1996–present).
In August 2020, Sheikh Hamad was elected as the new president of Qatar SC.
Family
Sheikh Hamad is married to five wives:
Among his daughters are:
Sheikha Jawaher bint Hamad, married her second cousin, the current Emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani, has two daughters - Almayassa and Aisha, and two sons - Hamad and Jassim.
Sheikha Mashael bint Hamad, married Sheikh Nasser bin Ali Ahmed bin Khalifa Al Thani, has two daughters and one son.
Sheikha Noof bint Hamad, married to Sheikh Ahmed bin Hamad Al Thani, has one son.
Sheikha Aldana bint Hamad, married to Sheikh Mohammed bin Faisal bin Qassim Al Thani, has two sons.
References
1958 births
Living people
Hamad Bin Suhaim
Government ministers of Qatar
The first season of the American reality competition streaming series The Circle began on January 1, 2020, on Netflix, and concluded on January 15, 2020. This season was hosted by Michelle Buteau.
Ahead of the season, it was announced that players would be competing against each other to become the most popular, but would never actually meet. Instead they would communicate through a specially designed app and be able to portray themselves in any way they choose. Netflix renewed The Circle for a second and third season on March 24, 2020.
On January 15, 2020, the season was won by Joey Sasso, who had played the game as himself, and won the prize that came along with it. Shubham Goel was the runner-up. Sammie Cimarelli won the Fan Favorite award and .
Format
The contestants, or "players", move into the same apartment building. However, the contestants do not meet face-to-face during the course of the competition, as they each live in their own individual apartment. They communicate solely using their profiles on a specially-designed social media app that gives them the ability to portray themselves in any way they choose. Players can thus opt to present themselves as a completely different personality to the other players, a tactic otherwise known as catfishing.
Throughout the series, the contestants "rate" one another from first to last place. At the end of the ratings, their average ratings are revealed to one another from lowest to highest. Normally, the two highest-rated players become "Influencers", while the remaining players will be at risk of being "blocked" by the Influencers. However, occasionally there may be a twist to the blocking process – varying from the lowest rating players being instantly blocked, the identity of the Influencers being a secret, or multiple players being blocked at one time. Blocked players are eliminated from the game, but are given the opportunity to meet one player still in the game in-person. Then, the day after a blocking, a video message is shown to the remaining players to reveal if they were real or fake.
During the finale, the contestants rate each other one final time, where the highest rated player wins the game and . Also, fans of The Circle are able to vote for their favorite player. The player that receives the most votes is known as the Fan Favorite and receives .
Players
The first eight players were announced on The Circles Instagram on December 16, 2019. A total of 13 players were selected from the "20–25 individuals" being cleared to appear on the show, with the remaining people never leaving standby status and not appearing on the show. The five players not announced prior to the show's premiere were revealed as they introduced themselves on-screen during an episode.
(Ages stated are at start of contest)
Other appearances
Joey Sasso has starred in Faraway Bae and Match Me If You Can. He also appeared on four episodes of General Hospital, Dick Dickster, and Girls5eva. He will also star in Young Lion of the West, along with writer and producer credits on the project. Joey and Sammie Cimarelli starred on Netflix's Reality Games and were 2 of the 4 players representing team "The Circle". Shubham Goel has starred in the shorts Baby Cycle, Los Pollitos, and The Bench. He is also set to star in the movie Go Karts R Funner Than Girls. Ed Eason starred on season 37 of The Challenge. Tammy Eason appeared on two episodes of The Way to Go. Bill Canley starred on Chicago P.D. in the episode, 43rd and Normal. He will also star in the show Complete Bull which will be released in 2022. Karyn Blanco will star in Face Behind the Dream/I which will be released in September 2022.
Episodes
On December 29, 2019, The New York Times published an article describing the background and inside of the show. It was revealed that twelve episodes would be airing from January 1 to January 15 with four episodes being released every Wednesday as part of the "three week event." On December 30, 2019, Netflix released a shortened exclusive cut of the first episode on their YouTube channel as a preview to the series.
Production
Development
The British version of the show premiered in 2018, and was renewed for its second season a few months after the first season ended. After the first season was Channel 4's "youngest profiling" show in six years, according to the British TV industry magazine Broadcast, talks began of international versions. On October 8, 2018, Netflix announced its partnership with All3Media to create three international versions of The Circle on Netflix, including the American version. Brandon Reigg, Netflix's Vice Principal of Unscripted Content, stated, "We think the show's combination of modern social media interaction and competition will captivate Netflix members around the world, in multiple languages, and we're delighted to partner with Studio Lambert and Motion to produce these three new local versions."
Casting
On April 11, 2019, casting opened for the first season through an online website.
In an interview with Variety, Tim Harcourt, one of the executive producers for Studio Lambert, stated that The Circle format and premise allowed the casting team to search for all different kinds of people. He noted how the casting contrasted from casts on show like Real Housewives or Jersey Shore and how those shows are "all one gang of quite similar characters." He explained how there was no set cast for the show until it was over. The first eight players to enter were all predetermined and planned, but everything after that was all luck to whoever got on. Harcourt stated that the production team would decide who would be the right fit depending on who just left the game, acknowledging that with thirteen contestants, not all who were possible players end up on the show at all.
Filming
In October 2019, it was reported that filming was completed. All filming was done in August 2019 before the British version's second season in September 2019, and was completed in fifteen days. It was also reported that the American version was filmed in Salford, England, using the same apartment building that was used in the second season of the British version. Attempts to obscure the filming location to appear to be in the United States were apparent, including overhead shots of the cities of Chicago and Milwaukee throughout the show, as well as aerial shots of the United Kingdom reversed so the cars appear to be driving on the right side of the road.
According to participant Joey Sasso, filming of the show took about a month. The contestants' apartments were brightly-lit in part to allow the cameras to record them, but also to disorientate the players' perception of time; Sasso stated that they often had no idea what day or time of day it was, and he had taken to wearing sunglasses inside to cut off the glare from the lights which had been mistaken as a fashion statement by fans of the show. The contestants were given a few minutes each day to spend on the apartment complex's rooftop space.
Release
On December 10, 2019, a trailer for the American version was released, revealing the premiere date to be January 1, 2020, and the prize amount to be $100,000. On December 29, it was revealed by The New York Times that twelve episodes would be airing from January 1 to January 15 with four episodes being released every Wednesday as part of the "three week event." On December 30, 2019, in order to get more people interested in The Circle, Netflix released a thirty-minute cut of the hour-long first episode of the season on its YouTube channel for free. Then, starting on January 1 and lasting until January 15, Netflix dropped four episodes every week on Wednesday.
Fan Favorite vote
On January 8, 2020, via Twitter and Instagram, The Circle announced that voting had opened for the Fan Favorite award. The player who had received the most votes would win . Voting opened at midnight on January 8, 2020, PST, and lasted until midnight on January 17. The winner of the Fan Favorite vote was revealed to be Sammie Cimarelli on The Circles Instagram on January 17.
Results and elimination
Notes
Reception
The Circle received positive reviews from critics. On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the season holds an 80% approval rating with an average rating of 6 out of 10 based on 15 reviews. The Circle also became the topic of discussion on the sixth episode of I Like to Watch, where drag queens Trixie Mattel and Katya Zamolodchikova reacted to the first episode. Because of the positive reviews and large number of viewers, Netflix renewed The Circle for a second and third season on March 24, 2020.
Once the show began airing, it was well received. Megh Wright from Vulture proclaimed that The Circle is a "fascinating series" that gives a "brutally honest reflection of the fractured way we attempt to connect to each other today." Kate Knibbs from Wired declared it the "best TV show about the internet" that "actually takes its audience places, dramatizing the experience of online social interactions in all their fizz and slipperiness." The show was also praised for its diverse cast and personalities. According to Etan Smallman of The New York Times, this type of diversity is what makes The Circle so unique among other reality TV shows.
Meanwhile, Isaac Feldberg from Fortune told readers to skip The Circle because of "the aggressively irritating manner in which the series has been put together." Jerrica Tisdale from Screen Rant called the series a "must-see." She comments on how common it is to "develop entire relationships through solely digital interactions," and that is what The Circle is trying to explore.
Nev Schulman, host and executive producer of Catfish: The TV Show criticized The Circle in an interview with People. He said that when you remove the realistic circumstances and realistic people with normal personalities, it is less entertaining than realism. He also expressed disappointment at the use of the word "catfish"; he cites the definition to be "a complicated person who, for any number of reasons and personal struggles, has found themselves creating a profile of varying veracity or truths to explore, and interact, and discover themselves", whereas on The Circle, players use it to simply call someone a liar. Despite these statements, he admits he still watches and enjoys the show.
Aja Romano of Vox praised The Circle for embracing inauthenticity as a part of social media and human nature as a whole. She likens The Circle to a microcosm of social media, saying "Instead of treating 'being fake on the internet' as a shocking betrayal, The Circle embraces it as something we all do in big and small ways, often in the service of making friends and fitting in." She also praises the cast. She mentions how the cast shares very personal things frequently, even through the anonymity of The Circle. Romano states that the cast developed character arcs, and the production team could get away with making a narrative structure.
References
2020 American television seasons
The Circle (franchise)
Krumvíř () is a municipality and village in Břeclav District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,200 inhabitants. It is has known for its viticulture.
Notable people
Jakub Šebesta (born 1948), politician
Milan Heča (born 1991), footballer
References
External links
Villages in Břeclav District
Moravian Slovakia
Several vessels of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Vulture, including:
, a Royalist ketch captured by the Parliamentary forces in 1648.
, a Dunkirk privateer captured in 1656, and sold in 1663.
, a sloop of 1673, sold 1686.
, a fireship of 1690, lost to the French in 1708.
, a 10/14-gun sloop of 1744, sold in 1761.
, a 14-gun ship-sloop of 1763, taken to pieces in 1771.
, a 14/16-gun ship-sloop of the Swan class that served in the American Revolution; transported Benedict Arnold as he escaped following the failed attempt to surrender West Point to British forces; sold in 1802.
was launched as Warrior in 1801 by Simon Temple, South Shields. The Admiralty purchased her in 1803 and converted her to a 16-gun sloop that it disposed of in 1814. She returned to mercantile service as Warrior and made one voyage east of the Cape of Good Hope. She was last listed in 1820.
, a steam paddle frigate launched in 1843 that served in the Crimean War and was sold in 1866.
, a screw gunboat launched in 1869, disposed of 1885.
, a torpedo boat destroyer launched in 1898, broken up in 1919.
HMS Vulture was also the official designation for RNAS St Merryn, a Naval Air Station in Cornwall, England, from 1940 until 1953, with the associated bombing and gunnery range being .
See also
, ("Vautour" being French for vulture), an 18-gun brig-sloop, captured in the Netherlands in 1809, commissioned in 1810, and foundered 1813; sometimes called Vulture, despite the ship above being active.
References
Royal Navy ship names
The acronyms Gtg, GTG, gtg, or G2G can refer to:
Engineering, science and technology
Grantsburg Municipal Airport (IATA code)
Gauge theory gravity, a theory of gravitation
Geophysical Tomography Group, of the Institut de Physique du Globe de Paris
A codon in the DNA codon table for the amino acid valine
G2G, government to government, in e-governance
Media
G2G (TV series)
In molecular biology, proteins containing the carboxyl transferase domain include biotin-dependent carboxylases. This domain carries out the following reaction: transcarboxylation from biotin to an acceptor molecule. There are two recognised types of carboxyl transferase. One of them uses acyl-CoA and the other uses 2-oxo acid as the acceptor molecule of carbon dioxide. All of the members in this family use acyl-CoA as the acceptor molecule.
References
Protein families
Upala is a district of the Upala canton, in the Alajuela province of Costa Rica.
History
Upala was granted the title of "ciudad" (city) by a law of May 4, 1970.
Geography
Upala has an area of km² and an elevation of metres.
It is in the northwest corner of the San Carlos Plain (Llanura de San Carlos) in northern Costa Rica, southeast of La Cruz, northwest of Ciudad Quesada, from the provincial capital city of Alajuela, and from the national capital city of San José.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Upala had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 4
National Route 6
National Route 138
National Route 164
National Route 728
National Route 729
National Route 730
National Route 731
Economy
Upala is a supply center for cattle ranchers and rice growers in the area. A hospital, bank, medical clinic, pharmacy and gas station are here. There is a busy commercial marketplace in the town center where vendors sell fruits, vegetables and a wide array of other home-grown products. Several small restaurants share the market area, and there are other restaurants and a few places to stay in the town.
Nearby places of interest
Caño Negro Wildlife Refuge: a watery lowland of lush sloughs and marshes, a seasonal lake, and abundant wildlife. The area is a birdwatcher's paradise. ( east of Upala via Highway 4 to Colonia Puntarenas and Highway 138 to Caño Negro)
Climate
This area typically has a pronounced dry season. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Upala has a tropical savanna climate, abbreviated "Aw" on climate maps.
References
Districts of Alajuela Province
Populated places in Alajuela Province
Florida Friebus (October 10, 1909 – May 27, 1988) was an American writer and actress of stage, film, and television. Friebus's best-known roles were Winifred "Winnie" Gillis, the sympathetic mother of Dwayne Hickman's character Dobie Gillis on The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis, and Mrs. Lillian Bakerman on The Bob Newhart Show.
Early years
Born in Auburndale, Massachusetts to Theodore Friebus and Beatrice Flagg Mosier, Friebus hailed from an East Coast theatrical family that included her father, a leading stage actor with Boston's Castle Square Players in the early 1900s and a minor silent-film actor, and her maternal grandmother, Georgine Flagg, who scandalized her own family in the late 19th century by venturing onstage as a player with Augustin Daly's stock company in Manhattan.
Friebus was known to make it clear to curious people that she was named after her mother's favorite aunt — not after the state of Florida. Her paternal grandmother was named Florida as well.
Personal life
Friebus married actor Richard Waring, in 1934. They had one child who died in infancy. The couple divorced in 1952. Friebus never remarried.
Career
Friebus first acted professionally in 1929 in New York City, appearing in The Cradle Song with the Civic Repertory Theater.
She appeared on television in such programs as The Ford Theatre Hour, Perry Mason, Bachelor Father, Father Knows Best, The Rookies, Peyton Place, Ironside, Gunsmoke, Sanford and Son, Ben Casey, The Doris Day Show, The Mary Tyler Moore Show, Room 222, The Partridge Family, Chico and the Man, Barnaby Jones, Alice, and Rhoda.
She also read stories to children on Look and Listen on KNXT in Los Angeles, California.
As a writer, Friebus collaborated with Eva Le Gallienne to dramatize Alice in Wonderland. The play was presented on Broadway and later on the Hallmark Hall of Fame on television.
Actors' Equity
Friebus spent more than 16 years on the board of Actors' Equity Association. She was presented the Phil Loeb Award "for extraordinary service to her profession."
Death
Friebus died of cancer in 1988 in Laguna Niguel, California, aged 78.
Papers
Friebus' papers are housed at the New York Public Library.
Filmography
Notes
References
External links
1909 births
1988 deaths
Actors from Newton, Massachusetts
20th-century American actresses
Actresses from Boston
Writers from Newton, Massachusetts
American film actresses
American stage actresses
American television actresses
Screenwriters from Massachusetts
Deaths from cancer in California
20th-century American singers
20th-century American screenwriters
The 63rd Assembly District of Wisconsin is one of 99 districts in the Wisconsin State Assembly. Located in southeast Wisconsin, the district covers most of the south half of Racine County west of Wisconsin Highway 31, including the city of Burlington and the villages of Rochester, Union Grove, and Sturtevant, as well as most of the village of Mount Pleasant and part of the city of Racine. The district is represented by Republican Robin Vos, the Speaker of the Assembly, since 2005.
The 63rd Assembly District is located within Wisconsin's 21st Senate district, along with the 61st and 62nd Assembly Districts.
List of District Representatives
Electoral history
References
Wisconsin State Assembly districts
Racine County, Wisconsin
Sporophila is a genus of Neotropical birds in the tanager family Thraupidae. The genus now includes the six seed finches that were previously placed in the genus Oryzoborus.
They are relatively small with stubby, conical bills adapted for feeding on seeds and alike. Most species are strongly sexually dimorphic, and while "typical" adult males often are distinctive, female and immatures of both sexes can be very difficult (in some species virtually impossible) to identify to exact species. Females of at least some of these species have different ultraviolet colours, which can be seen by birds, but not humans. Female-like (paedomorphic) males apparently also occur, at least in some species.
Taxonomy and species list
The genus Spermophila was introduced by the English naturalist William John Swainson in 1827. The type species was subsequently designated as Temminck's seedeater (Sporophila falcirostris) by George Robert Gray in 1841. As the genus name Spermophila had been introduced by John Richardson in 1825 for a genus of mammals, the German ornithologist Jean Cabanis coined the present name Sporophila as a replacement in 1844. The name combines the Ancient Greek meaning "seed" and meaning "-loving".
The genus now includes the six seed finches that were previously placed in Oryzoborus as well as the thick-billed seed finch that was the only species in Dolospingus. A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2014 found that these seven species were embedded in Sporophila.
The genus contains 40 species:
Lesson's seedeater, Sporophila bouvronides
Lined seedeater, Sporophila lineola
Cinnamon-rumped seedeater, Sporophila torqueola
Morelet's seedeater, Sporophila morelleti
Variable seedeater, Sporophila corvina
Grey seedeater, Sporophila intermedia (known as the Picoplat in Trinidad and Tobago)
Wing-barred seedeater, Sporophila americana
White-naped seedeater, Sporophila fringilloides – (formerly in Dolospingus)
Black-and-white seedeater, Sporophila luctuosa
Double-collared seedeater, Sporophila caerulescens
Yellow-bellied seedeater, Sporophila nigricollis
Dubois's seedeater, Sporophila ardesiaca
Thick-billed seed finch, Sporophila funerea – (formerly in Oryzoborus)
Chestnut-bellied seed finch, Sporophila angolensis – (formerly in Oryzoborus)
Nicaraguan seed finch, Sporophila nuttingi – (formerly in Oryzoborus)
Great-billed seed finch, Sporophila maximiliani – (formerly in Oryzoborus)
Large-billed seed finch, Sporophila crassirostris – (formerly in Oryzoborus)
Black-billed seed finch, Sporophila atrirostris – (formerly in Oryzoborus)
Slate-coloured seedeater, Sporophila schistacea
Temminck's seedeater, Sporophila falcirostris
Buffy-fronted seedeater, Sporophila frontalis
Plumbeous seedeater, Sporophila plumbea
Tropeiro seedeater, Sporophila beltoni
Rusty-collared seedeater, Sporophila collaris
White-throated seedeater, Sporophila albogularis
White-bellied seedeater, Sporophila leucoptera
Parrot-billed seedeater, Sporophila peruviana
Chestnut-throated seedeater, Sporophila telasco
Drab seedeater, Sporophila simplex
Chestnut-bellied seedeater, Sporophila castaneiventris
Ruddy-breasted seedeater, Sporophila minuta
Copper seedeater, Sporophila bouvreuil
Black-and-tawny seedeater, Sporophila nigrorufa
Tawny-bellied seedeater, Sporophila hypoxantha
Dark-throated seedeater, Sporophila ruficollis
Pearly-bellied seedeater, Sporophila pileata
Rufous-rumped seedeater, Sporophila hypochroma
Chestnut seedeater, Sporophila cinnamomea
Marsh seedeater, Sporophila palustris
Black-bellied seedeater, Sporophila melanogaster
Described in 2016 and not yet generally recognised:
Ibera seedeater, Sporophila iberaensis
Possible extinct species:
Hooded seedeater, Sporophila melanops – possibly extinct (20th century?), a hybrid or a color morph of S. nigricollis
References
Lijtmaer, D. A., N. M. Sharpe, P. L. Tubaro & S. C. Lougheed. 2004. Molecular phylogenetics and diversification of the genus Sporophila (Aves: Passeriformes). Mol. Philo. Evol. 33:562-579.
Robbins, M. B., M. J. Braun, C. J. Huddleston, D. W. Finch, & C. M. Milensky (2005). First Guyana records, natural history, and systematics of the White-winged Seedeater (Dolospingus fringilloides). Ibis 147:334-341.
External links
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bird genera
Taxa named by Jean Cabanis
Philip Isdor Mpango (born 14 July 1957) is a Tanzanian economist and politician who serves as the Vice-President of the United Republic of Tanzania. He was sworn into office on 31 March 2021, following unanimous consent of the Tanzanian Parliament, and having been nominated by President Samia Suluhu on 30 March 2021. Before that, he served as the Minister of Finance and Planning in the Tanzanian Cabinet, from March 2015 until 30 March 2021.
Early life and education
Mpango was born on 14 July 1957 in Tanzania's Kigoma Region. After attending primary and middle school locally, he transferred to Ihungo High School in Bukoba, where he completed his A-Level education, graduating with the equivalent of a high school diploma.
Mpango studied at the University of Dar es Salaam, earning a Bachelor of Arts degree, a Master of Arts degree, and a Doctor of Philosophy degree, all in Economics. He did some of his PhD course work at Lund University in Sweden.
Early career
Mpango previously held positions as the acting commissioner general of the Tanzania Revenue Authority (TRA), the executive secretary in the President's Office (Planning Commission), the deputy permanent secretary at the Ministry of Finance & Economic Affairs, the personal assistant to the president (economic affairs), the head of the President's Economic Advisory Unit, and as a senior economist for the World Bank.
Political career
Mpango was nominated by president John Magufuli to serve as a member of the Tanzanian parliament. The constitution allows the president to nominate up to ten members of parliament.
On 23 December 2015, President John Magufuli appointed Mpango as Minister of Finance and Planning. In 2020, Magufuli reappointed him to the office. Mpango has been credited with improving the Tanzanian economy by an average of 6 to 7 percent during his five years as finance minister.
During the coronavirus pandemic, after Seif Sharif Hamad, First Vice President of the semi-autonomous region of Zanzibar, had died after contracting the virus,
and after President Magufuli had admitted that Tanzania had a coronavirus problem, Mpango "appeared coughing and gasping at a press conference" that was held to address rumors that he had died of the coronavirus, shocking many and drawing widespread condemnation.
President Magufuli's subsequent death was announced on 17 March 2021, resulting in Vice-President Samia Suluhu being sworn in as his successor on 19 March 2021, and her nomination on 30 March 2021 of Mpango to the vice-presidential office that she had vacated.
At the time he was confirmed for the position of vice-president, in March 2021, he was the incumbent MP for the constituency of Buhigwe in Kigoma Region of northwest Tanzania. According to the laws of the country, once he was appointed VP, he ceased to be an MP and his parliamentary seat fell vacant. Mpango has stated that he planned to combat corruption and continue implementing major infrastructure projects, including a new standard gauge railway.
Other activities
African Development Bank (AfDB), Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Governors (2015–2021)
Notes
References
External links
Dr Phillip Mpango: Biography of Tanzania Vice President wey President Samia Suluhu name afta John Magufuli death As of 30 March 2021 (In Pidgin).
1957 births
Living people
Chama Cha Mapinduzi MPs
Finance Ministers of Tanzania
Tanzanian MPs 2015–2020
Nominated Tanzanian MPs
Tanzanian economists
University of Dar es Salaam alumni
People from Kigoma Region
Vice-presidents of Tanzania
20th-century economists
21st-century economists
Kerimkhanar () is a rural locality (a selo) in Kilersky Selsoviet, Dokuzparinsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 103 as of 2010.
Geography
Kerimkhanar is located 5 km south of Usukhchay (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kiler and Gandurar are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Lezgins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dokuzparinsky District
Põdra may refer to several places in Estonia:
Põdra, Tartu County, village in Estonia
Põdra, Võru County, village in Estonia
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Hélécine. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Hélécine
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Helecine
Hélécine
Gangster is an Indian Bengali language action thriller film directed by Birsa Dasgupta under the banner of Shree Venkatesh Films. The film stars debutant Yash Dasgupta with Mimi Chakraborty in leading roles. The film is a romantic thriller where Yash plays the role of a Gangster. The film has been shot in Istanbul, Turkey. The film released on 7 October 2016.
Plot
The movie begins in present time, on the anniversary of Kabir and Ruhi. While Kabir shops for his wife and is returning home, he is shot by four masked gangsters. Just before falling out a fifth person shoots him. He is taken to hospital and a shocked Ruhi arrives to see him. The film then takes a flashback to how Kabir became Guru, the gangster.
In a jail years ago, a young Kabir sits terrified as an older prisoner named Jamal tells him to kill his cellmate to prove his worth as a criminal. In return he would be freed. Kabir does so. Jamal tells him to work with him and calls him 'Beta'. Kabir calls him 'Baba'. Jamal tells him that one day he would rule and will be known as Guru. A few years later, Guru is a renowned gangster of Jamal and works exactly what Jamal tells him. He is always accompanied by his closest friend Ghudi. He is seemingly disturbed and wants to leave his business of being gangster. In an unwanted manner, he goes to kill Vishnu, one of their ex-members of gang. Guru, instead of killing him warns him to run away lest Jamal shall kill him. Later Guru learns Jamal's men have killed Bishnu.
Heartbroken, he next goes to Tommy, a ragtag and persuades him to share 70% of business with Jamal. At a party, to celebrate this, Guru sees a conspiracy being built against him by Chhotu, Tommy, Jameson and few others. Later, Guru and Ghudi drive at a point where the conspirators trap them into an accident. The car of Guru is hit. Guru comes out of car and fights with the rest as a pretty girl comes amidst. Guru is attracted towards her and falls for her.
Later they meet again at the hospital where Guru pays a hefty amount for expenses of a conspirator whom Ruhi brought to hospital. Over time, Ruhi and Guru get together well. Guru is now least bothered with gang. One day Guru confesses to Ruhi that he is a gangster, but says that he will leave this behind. He proposes to Ruhi and they get married. They then meet Jamal to seek blessings. Jamal asks Guru for a gift. Guru responds by saying he wants to live a normal life. Jamal tells him to do so. But all three know that could never happen.
In present day, a shattered Ruhi waits for Kabir to gain consciousness. It is revealed that the fifth person who shot Kabir was Ruhi.
Ruhi tries to kill Kabir again to make sure he is dead. But the police inspector's arrival stops her. Just as Kabir gains consciousness, the duo reconcile and Ruhi pretends to be normal.
Back at home, Kabir calls Jamal to find who shot him. Meanwhile, Ghudi has found out the shooters were Tommy, Chhotu, Jamal, Jameson. But doesn't know who is the fifth person. Kabir tells Ruhi that he knows who all shot him and this scares her as she feels Kabir knows she shot him. Just as it seems things are about to go worse, Ghudi enters with his wife and son. Ruhi, Kabir and Ghudi leave hospital for Kabir's treatment. At the hospital parking lot, Ruhi is attacked by goons. Kabir arrives in time, but it is too late to save Kabir and Ruhi's unborn child. Disturbed, Kabir decides to resort to violence as he kills all those who shot him one by one. First, Chhotu then Jameson and Tommy. Meanwhile, trying to save Ruhi, Ghudi is killed. At last, he goes to kill Jamal, after a few encounters he kills Jamal in the same way he had killed his cellmate. Meanwhile, the police inspector discovers that the fifth person who shot Kabir was Ruhi. He goes to warn Kabir, to arrest him alive.
At Ruhi's mothers shop, Kabir arrives in a tired and hurt condition. Together, they leave for the place where they had first met. Kabir narrates that his changing from Guru the gangster to Kabir was just a small incident but real story began when Ruhi shot him. He wants to know why she did so. But Ruhi demands it's useless to say as Kabir is going to die. Saying this she points her gun towards Kabir. Kabir it was awful, having lost his friend Ghudi as well as his unborn child and it's better he dies. Ruhi then reveals she was never pregnant, and goons who attacked her was well plotted. Kabir also learns it was she who let the gangsters kill Ghudi.
Ruhi then reveals her romance with Kabir was a plot to get him killed in a violent way and not as a loving husband. She then says her plot was to revenge the death of her late husband Bishnu, whom Ruhi presumes to be shot by Kabir. Kabir smiles and says he never shot him, it was Chhotu. Hearing this Ruhi is perplexed and realises how Kabir has blindly loved her and she exploited his love. Slowly, a mentally broken Kabir walks into the middle of the road saying he is disturbed to know Ruhi did not love him. Ruhi realises that she in fact loves him, but is ashamed of what she did. A car rams into Kabir and he is dead. Ruhi runs to save him, crying. The film ends with Ruhi crying with Kabir's voice ringing in her head.
Cast
Yash Dasgupta as Kabir/Guru
Mimi Chakraborty as Ruhi
Bratya Basu as Baba
Shantilal Mukherjee as Police officer
Sourav Das as Guti
Soumyajit Majumdar as Chottu
Manish Sharma
Ashim Roy Chowdhury
Satyam Bhattacharya
Eyup Cakmak
Anusua Majumdar in a (guest appearance)
Biswajit Chakraborty in a (guest appearance)
Gaurav Chakrabarty as Ajay, Guru's cellmate and his first victim (guest appearance)
Rajat Ganguly in a (guest appearance)
Soham Chakraborty as Vishnu (special appearance)
Soundtrack
References
2016 films
Bengali-language Indian films
2010s Bengali-language films
Indian gangster films
Films directed by Birsa Dasgupta
Films scored by Arindam Chatterjee
Films shot in Turkey
The Wimbledon Dons were a professional motorcycle speedway team who operated from the Wimbledon Stadium, Plough Lane in London.
The track opened in 1928 and the Dons operated there from 1929 until 1991. They were closed during the Second World War but upon their reopening in 1946 there were 42,000 people in attendance with an estimated 10,000 more locked outside. The club were very successful at the highest level of British speedway during the 1950s and 1960s, and attracted numerous famous riders.
Having been defunct for eleven years, the team was reopened again in 2002 by Steve Ribbons & David Croucher in the Conference League but were forced to close in 2005, with Ian Perkin, Dingle Brown & Perry Attwood being joint owners of the club, when the stadium owners insisted on dramatically increasing the rent paid by the team to the stadium.
Honours
National League
Champions: 1954, 1955, 1956, 1958, 1959, 1960, 1961
National Trophy
Winners: 1938, 1950, 1951, 1953, 1956, 1959, 1960, 1962
KO Cup (formerly National League Trophy)
Winners: 1968, 1969, 1970
London Cup
Winners: 1938, 1939, 1961, 1964, 1968, 1969, 1970, 1972, 1974, 1975, 1976, 1977, 1978, 1980, 1982, 1983, 1985
RAC Cup
Winners: 1954
Britannia Shield
Winner: 1959
Gauntlet Spring Gold Cup
Winners: 1979
Conference Pairs Champions
Winners: 2004, 2005
Notable riders
(World Champion 1957, 1958, 1964, 1966)
(570 most appearances for the club)
(first England captain)
(World Champion 1968, 1969, 1970, 1972, 1977, 1979)
(World Champion 1954, 1959)
(World Longtrack Champion 1995, 1998, 2000)
Season summary
+2nd when league was suspended
References
Defunct British speedway teams
Speedway teams in London
Bernard Morel may refer to:
Bernard Morel (fencer)
Bernard Morel (economist)
Jaga Mechhida Maga is a 1972 Indian Kannada-language swashbuckler film directed by Hunsur Krishnamurthy and produced & written by S. Bhavanarayan. It starred Rajkumar and Bharathi. Satyam scored and composed the music to the lyrics written by Hunsur Krishnamurthy.
Plot
Blinded by an astrologer's prediction, a King suspecting his wife's fidelity banishes her and their infant son, Aaditya. Years later a grown up Aaditya happens to fall in love with Princess Yamini and later saves honest Minister Mahadeva Sharma after he is framed for attempting to murder the King by the antagonists. In the process he is declared an outlaw by the King.
Cast
Rajkumar as Aditya, King's son
Bharathi as Yamini, Princess
Narasimharaju
M. P. Shankar as Rudrasimha
K. S. Ashwath as King
M. V. Rajamma as Kausalyadevi, Queen
Rajasulochana as Dancer
Rajanand
B. Jaya
Shakti Prasad
Soundtrack
The music of the film was composed by Satyam and the lyrics were written by Hunsur Krishnamurthy. The song "Yeri Mele Yeri" was received extremely well and considered as one of the evergreen songs.
Track list
See also
Kannada films of 1972
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Kannada-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Indian drama films
Films scored by Satyam (composer)
1972 drama films
Films directed by Hunsur Krishnamurthy
Mynydd Mechell is an area in the community of Mechell, Anglesey, Wales, which is 141.9 miles (228.4 km) from Cardiff and 223.8 miles (360.2 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Trevor H Braham (22 April 1922 – 2 March 2020) was a British Himalayan explorer and mountaineer, mostly active during the mid-20th century.
Braham was born in April 1922. He joined the Himalayan Club in 1946, becoming its regional secretary based in Calcutta by March 1949. He had joined the Swiss Alpine Club in 1948, and later the Alpine Club in 1951. He was Vice President of the Himalayan Club (1958–1965), Honorary Editor of the Himalayan Journal (1957–59) and was elected as an Honorary member of the Himalayan Club in 1980.
Trevor Braham's halycon years (1950–1972), corresponded with the "Himalayan Golden Age" when an international frenzy developed to achieve the first ascent of the world's highest peaks. He organized and took part in 15 Himalayan expeditions, including in 1954 a reconnaissance of the South West face of 8,586-metre Kangchenjunga, the world's third highest mountain, which paved the way for the first successful ascent by a British expedition in 1955. Together with Peter Holmes, he made the second ascent of 6,303-metre Chau Chau Kang Nilda, in Spiti, in 1955.
Braham's numerous travels and explorations in little-known and isolated Himalayan regions included 3 visits to mountains in the tribal areas on Pakistan's North-West frontier, which were made in an environment and under conditions very different from those today and about which he has written numerous articles to the Alpine and Himalayan Journals. At the request of the editor of the Swiss Alpine Journal, he wrote an annual Chronicle of Himalayan activities during the years 1977–1985.
Trevor Braham has authored three books: Himalayan Odyssey (Allen & Unwin, 1974), When The Alps Cast Their Spell (Neil Wilson, 2004), Himalayan Playground (Neil Wilson, 2008). His second book won the Boardman-Tasker prize, awarded annually to the leading mountain book of the year.
He has lectured to the Alpine and Himalayan Clubs, and to schools and societies in England, India and Switzerland. At celebrations held in India by the Himalayan Club in 2008 to mark the 80th anniversary of its founding there, Braham was invited to be the principal speaker on the club's history.The Early Years
Braham died in Switzerland in March 2020, a few weeks shy of his 98th birthday.
Climbing associates
Peter Boardman, who died on Mount Everest in 1982, was a personal friend of Trevor Braham. Erhard Loretan, who died in April 2011, a leading Swiss climber, and the 3rd person to have ascended the 14 highest summits of the world, requested Trevor Braham to translate into English his book, Himalayan Reflections, which was published in Switzerland in 1998. Albert Eggler was leader of the Swiss attempt in 1952 to climb Mount Everest. On this death in 1998, his obituary, which appeared in the Independent of London, was written by Trevor Braham at the request of members of his family.
Bibliography
Himalayan Odyssey, Allen & Unwin, 1974
When the Alps Cast Their Spell, Neil Wilson Publishing, 2004
Himalayan Playground, Neil Wilson Publishing, 2008
References
External links
The Boardman Tasker Prize
The Himalayan Club
Swissinfo.ch
Albert Eggler obituary, the Independent
1922 births
2020 deaths
British mountain climbers
Philip Smith is an Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) politician who was a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly (MLA) for Strangford from 2016 to 2017. Smith now works for Queen's University Belfast. He lost his seat in the 2017 Assembly election, being eliminated on the 9th count.
In the 2019 local elections, Smith was elected to Ards and North Down Borough Council, representing the Comber district electoral area.
Smith was the UUP candidate for Strangford during the 2019 UK general election. He came third.
In the 2022 Assembly election, Smith stood again for Strangford, but was eliminated on the 3rd count.
References
1967 births
Living people
Ulster Unionist Party MLAs
Northern Ireland MLAs 2016–2017
The supraglenoid tubercle is a region of the scapula from which the long head of the biceps brachii muscle originates. It is a small, rough projection superior to the glenoid cavity near the base of the coracoid process. The term supraglenoid is from the Latin supra, meaning above, and glenoid, meaning socket or cavity.
Clinical relevance
Biceps tendonitis
Biceps tendonitis originates on the long head of the biceps brachii at the supraglenoid tubercle in 30% of cases. The main symptom is generally anterior biceps instability, but the disease can also be characterized by chronic anterior shoulder pain which radiates towards the lateral part of the elbow. In cases of biceps tendinitis, steroids can be injected fluoroscopically at the supraglenoid tubercle to reduce pain associated with the pathology.
Avulsion
The supraglenoid tubercle ossifies separately from the rest of the scapula, so may not be as strong as the rest of the bone. It can be pulled off (avulsed), often after an excessively strong contraction of the biceps brachii. This may also cause a fracture of the surrounding parts of the scapula, particularly the glenoid cavity. This may also occur in horses. This type of bone fracture is quite rare.
Additional images
See also
Infraglenoid tubercle
References
External links
()
Scapula
Route 179 is a highway in central Missouri. From its northern terminus at the interchange of Interstate 70 and Route 98, it winds its way Southeast over low rolling hills and through the flood plain along the Missouri River to Jefferson City, where it bypasses the city to the West via a four-lane divided highway between U.S. Route 50 and U.S. Route 54, its southern terminus. Towns on Route 179 are Overton, Wooldridge, Jamestown, Sandy Hook, Marion, and Jefferson City.
Major intersections
See also
List of state highways in Missouri
References
External links
179
Transportation in Cole County, Missouri
Transportation in Moniteau County, Missouri
Transportation in Cooper County, Missouri
Ashurbeyov House () — was an Azerbaijani noble family's mansion built by Teymur bey Ashurbeyov for his younger son Bala bey as a wedding gift. Built in 1904, this mansion is Chief Architect of Baku Józef Gosławski's final project.
Introduction
Ashurbeyov House is located at 28 Gogol Street at the corner of 148 Tserkovniy Street and 189 Kamenistaya Street. The mansion was built for Teymur bey Ashurbeyov by the architect Iosif Vikentyevich Goslavsky in 1904. The three-floor building with an area of about …. square meters are located in central Baku. The rooms facing the streets Gogol and Kamenistaya are arranged in two rows. All the buildings with a rectangular backyard and overlooking Tserkovnaya Street are one-row and compact. They are below ground. The stairs are located on mutually perpendicular axes, and the entrance and rear stairs take a responsible position in the structure of the main walls. There is an indirect gallery isolated from the mansion. The corners are cut at the angle of 45 degrees. The rooms are wide. Each floor has a balcony, with corners being in open- oriel window style.
There was a calligraphic monogram “T. A. A. - Teymur bey and Aslan bey Ashurbeyov on the facade of the building. Bala bey had invited a famous painter of Baku to create patterns for the front doors, which faced the former streets of Tserkovniy and Kamenistaya. Unfortunately, only part of these patterns, namely the painting "Oasis" has survived to this day.
History
The mansion was built by Teymur bey Ashurbeyov for his younger son Bala bey as a wedding gift. Their company's headquarters and Georgian princess Dadiani's apartment were located on the first floor. Bala bey together with his family lived on the second floor, and his parents lived together with his brother Ali bey on the third floor.
The family had to hide in Sabunchu during the 1918 genocide. French Grailot, the governess of Bala bey s' children, guarding the house from the Dashnaks. Historian-scientist Sara Ashurbeyli, who was born in this house, in her memories wrote that the French governess hung a French flag out, posing it as the building of French mission and thereby she could guard the greater part of the house against the plunder. However, the Dashnaks attacked the other part of the mansion and plundered Ali Bey's apartment, destroying the luxurious 4-meter mirrors, beautifully painted wallpapers and wall paintings of the main door. The Ashurbeyov could return home only after the establishment of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic.
Ashurbeyov House was also confiscated following the Red Army invasion of Azerbaijan in April 1920. Bala bey Ashurbeyov moved to Istanbul together with his family and lived there until 1925 before returning to Baku, in the hope that the harassment to which they were subjected will never happen again. In 1937, he was shot due to Stalinist repression.
Photos
See also
Ismailiyya Palace
House with Griffins
Isa bek Hajinski House
References
External links
Ashurbeyov Brothers House / Lider TV
Houses in Azerbaijan
Houses completed in 1904
Architecture of Azerbaijan
A currency detector or currency validator is a device that determines whether notes or coins are genuine or counterfeit. These devices are used in a wide range of automated machines, such as retail kiosks, supermarket self checkout machines, arcade gaming machines, payphones, launderette washing machines, car park ticket machines, automatic fare collection machines, public transport ticket machines, and vending machines.
The process involves examining the coins and/or notes that have been inserted into the machine, and conducts various tests to determine if the currency is counterfeit. Because the parameters are different for each coin or note, these currency acceptors must be correctly programmed for each item to be accepted.
In normal operation, if any item such as a coin, banknote, card or ticket is accepted, it is retained within the machine and it falls into a storage container to allow a member of staff to collect it later when emptying the machine. If the item is rejected, the machine returns the item to the customer. If a coin is rejected, it usually falls into a tray or rolls out of a slot at the bottom where the customer can remove the coin. If a banknote, card or ticket is rejected, it is ejected out of the machine so that the customer can remove it from the slot into which it was inserted.
Coin acceptors
The basic principle for coin detection is to test the physical properties of the coin against known characteristics of acceptable coins. The coin acceptor identifies the coin according to its mass, size, diameter, thickness, metal composition and/or magnetism, and then sends an appropriate electrical signal via its output connection. The next step is generally performed by the banknote-to-coins exchanger.
Today, sophisticated electronic coin acceptors are being used in some places that, in addition to examining the mass, weight and size, also scan the inserted coin using optical laser beams and match the image to a pre-defined list, or test the coin's "metallic signature" based on its metallic composition.
Normal circulation coins eventually collect microscopic particles of dirt, dust, oil and grease from people's fingers. When a coin acceptor is used for a long time, thousands of coins rolling along a track will leave enough dirt, dust, oil and grease to be visible. As a consequence of this, the coin acceptor must be cleaned properly on a regular basis to prevent malfunction or damage. Coin acceptors are modular, so a dirty acceptor can be replaced with a clean unit, minimising downtime. The old unit is then cleaned and refurbished.
Some new types of coin acceptors are able to recognize the coins through "training", so they will support any new types of coins or tokens when correctly introduced.
Testing methods
Vending and change machines use several methods of deciding whether a banknote is genuine. Adjusting these settings and the sensitivity of each is programmed via means of DIP switches on the internal circuitry.
Optical sensing
Optical sensing with a small light detector called a photocell or a miniature digital camera is one of the main techniques that vending machines use. Many countries' banknotes are pixelated—that is, they are made out of small dots. The dots are spaced differently and have different sizes, depending on the note. The optical sensors can look for these different patterns to determine what sort of note has been inserted. Some paper money is also fluorescent: it glows when ultraviolet light is shined on it. Some machines shine an ultraviolet light on the note and measure the glow to help determine the banknote's material composition.
GMR sensor proximity detection
The particles in the ink on many countries' currency have ferromagnetic properties, including some elemental iron. Magnetic composition comprises carbon nanofoam in an amount of from 0.1 to 45 percent by weight of the total composition.
Notes are passed over a permanent magnet array and magnetized along their direction of travel. A magnetic sensor located several inches away with its sensitive axis parallel to the direction of travel can detect the remnant field of the ink particles.
The purpose of the biasing magnet in this case is to achieve a controlled orientation of the magnetic moments of the ink particles, resulting in a maximum and recognizable magnetic signature. Reversing the magnetizing field can actually invert the signature.
Physical attributes
The thickness and dimensions of a banknote are tested to ensure they are correct. US currency is 2.61 inches wide by 6.14 inches in length and are 0.0042 inches thick, and weigh 1 gram. Currency printed prior to 10 July 1929 had larger physical characteristics. As the notes pass between the rollers, the voltages vary according to their thickness.
Miniature transducers, approximately 3/8" diameter, offer high accuracy linear measurement in a compact space where size constraints prohibit the use of standard LVDTI's. In addition, the low- mass core is ideal for systems with low driving forces or high acceleration and, therefore, will not adversely influence the delicate nature of these applications. Operating ranges are available from ±0.005" to ±1.00", divided into eight intermediate strokes.
Genuine Federal Reserve notes have a clear polyester thread embedded vertically in the paper. The thread is inscribed with the denomination of the note, and is visible only when held up to light. Each denomination has a unique thread position and will glow a unique color in ultraviolet (UV) light.
Banknote acceptors
Also known as validators or acceptors, paper currency detectors scan paper currency using optical and magnetic sensors. Upon validation, the validator will inform the vending machine controller (VMC) or other host device of a credit via a parallel or serial interface. Various interfaces exist for the host device, including a single-line pulse interface, a multi-line parallel interface, a multi-line binary interface, and serial interfaces such as ccTalk, SSP, and MDB. Wrinkled or creased notes can cause these machines to reject them.
There are currently only a handful of companies manufacturing this equipment. Crane Payment Innovations (joining Crane Payment Solutions and MEI), and Japan Cash Machine (JCM) are two of the largest, each maintaining dominance in a particular market segment. Other notable companies producing this type of equipment include Coinco, Pyramid Technologies, Inc. (PTI), International Currency Technologies (ICT), Alpha CMS (Cash Management Solutions), Astrosys, Pyramid Technologies, Validation Technologies International (VTI), Innovative Technology Ltd (ITL), Global Payment Technologies (GPT) and Jofemar.
Recent innovations include remote auditing and reporting by these devices as part of an Automated Cash Handling network for entertainment, banking, retail, casino and other industries.
See also
Automated cash handling
Counterfeit banknote detection pen
Counterfeit detector, a genre of 19th century periodical designed to facilitate visual identification of counterfeit banknotes
EURion constellation
Intelligent banknote neutralisation system
Watermark
References
Detection
Vending
Coins
Mount Erin Secondary College is a secondary school located in the suburb of Frankston, Victoria, Australia. It has approximately 930 students and is the only school running the SEAL (Select Entry Accelerated Learning) program in the area. Other schools that run the program include Lyndale Secondary College and Wellington Secondary College.
Campuses
The school was previously split into two separate campuses in 2005, one located on the original Frankston site and another newer campus in the nearby suburb of Somerville. The Somerville campus ran a year 7–10 programme with students progressing to Mount Erin Frankston to complete years 11 and 12 within the VCE or VCAL programs.
In 2009 the Somerville campus was separated from Frankston campus (the original campus), and became 'Somerville Secondary College'.
Mount Erin College offers a wide and diverse range of specialist programmes including the SEAL program, Sports and Arts Academies, MESEM (student council), and a one-to-one notebook program to name a few. It also has a successful student services program and caters for a wide range of student passions and interests. Mount Erin College also has Deaf Education Facilities, where students from the program are integrated into mainstream classes.
In 2012, Mount Erin College introduced its Sports Academy Program, where by students are selected for "excellence" and undertake classes and coaching suited to enhancing their athletic ability. As of 2017 it is a select entry program that runs across all levels in the school.
In 2013, Mount Erin College began its Performing Arts Academy in the performing and visual arts.
Faculty
Programmes and subjects
The College also offers technology classes in metal and plastics as well as electronics and robotics. The VCE Systems Engineering subject is very popular.
Mount Erin College runs a one-to-one notebook program and technology is incorporated into all student learning.
Mount Erin College draws students from a number of local primary schools, including Frankston Heights Primary and Kingsley Park Primary School, which are both within walking distance. Students come from Pearcedale, Baxter, as far south as Hastings and Bittern and as far north as Carrum Downs.
Mount Erin College has a Deaf Education Centre, enabling hearing-impaired students to access a full subject range. Aides work closely with students in classes containing hearing impaired students, to assist them in understanding and completing their work. Hearing-impaired students make up a small percentage of total students.
Indonesian is taught to all students for years 7 and 8, with further studies an option taken by many who excel in the subject. Recently the school hosted exchange students from Germany, Indonesia and Japan.
Facilities
Mount Erin College completed a $9 million Stage One Building Program, in 2015. It provides facilities across science, art, technology and science. The College also has a Performing Arts Center/Auditorium and Food Technology rooms.
The Arts are supported in these facilities which include a MacLab to enable industry level study in the area of photography and an enhanced Studio Art program.
The Science facilities include a 'superlab' enabling multiple classes to undertake practical work.
The school has vast, well kept grounds and gardens. A competition hockey field was completed early in term two 2019 and then work to demolish and rebuild a competition standard gymnasium for basketball began. There are many sporting areas including multi-purpose courts. The school has a large gym, with adjacent weights facility and separate change rooms.
The school also has an auditorium and performing arts centre that hosts the drama facility. Students have the opportunity to explore not only the acting side of drama, but also the backstage aspects such as lighting and stage craft.
The college also has music facilities.
Notable alumni
Matthew Millar - Footballer for Shrewsbury Town F.C.
References
Public high schools in Victoria (Australia)
Frankston, Victoria
Shaukat Ali Khan (1879 - 27 August 1941), better known as Fani Badayuni (his takhallus), was an Indian Urdu poet.
Early life
He was schooled at Government High School and graduated from Bareilly College in 1901, studied law at Aligarh Muslim University, earning L.L.B. degree in 1906.
Career
Badayuni started composing poetry around twenty years of age.
In Hyderabad
Badayuni migrated to Hyderabad, India after the Nizam's diwan Maharaja Kishan Prasad 'Shad', an Urdu lover and poet, got Fani appointed in the department of education.
Bibliography
His first collection of poems was published in 1917 from Badaun by Naqib Press. His other published works are:
Baqiyat-e-Fani (1926) published by Maktab-e-Agra
Irfaniyat-e-Fani (1938) published by Anjuman Taraqqi Urdu
Fani ki nadir tahriren: Havashi, tasrihat aur tanqidi ja'ize ke sath by Shaukat Ali Khan Fani Badayuni (1968)
Intikhab-i Fani (Silsilah-yi matbu°at) by Shaukat °Ali Khan Fani Badayuni
Irfaniyat-i-Fani: Ya'ni Janab Shaukat Ali Khan Sahib Fani Badayuni ke qadim-o-jadid kalam ka mukammal majmu'ah (Silsilah-e-Anjuman-e
Taraqqi Urdu) by Shaukat Ali Khan Fani Badayuni (1939)
Kulliyat-i Fani (Silsilah-e-matbu'at) by Shaukat Ali Khan Fani Badayuni (1992)
See also
List of Indian Urdu poets
List of Indian poets
References
Further reading
Fani Badayuni (Urdu writer) by Mughni Tabassum, pp. 92 (1993)
Jadid Urdu Shairi by Abdl Qadir Sarwari (1946)
Tareekh-o-tanqeed Adabiyat-e-Urdu by Hamid Husain Qadri (1947) Agra
A History of Urdu Literature by Muhammad Sadiq-(1967)
A detailed account of Fani's personal life can be found in the Urdu book Durbaar-e-Durbaar, by Sadq Jaisi and in the English translation (The Nocturnal Court) of the same book by Narendra Luther.
External links
Fani Badayuni at Kavita Kosh (Hindi font)
Fani Badayuni at Urdupoetry.com
1879 births
1961 deaths
Indian male poets
Urdu-language poets from India
Indian Muslims
Writers from Hyderabad, India
People from Budaun
Faculty of Law, Aligarh Muslim University alumni
19th-century Indian poets
20th-century Indian poets
Poets from Uttar Pradesh
19th-century Indian male writers
20th-century Indian male writers
The Fisk Barn is a historic barn on Gerry Road in Dublin, New Hampshire, United States. Built in the 1790s, it is a good local example of 18th-century farm architecture, made further notable by its conversion to an art studio in 1929, during Dublin's heyday as an artists' colony. The barn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Description and history
The Fisk Barn is located in eastern Dublin, in a small farm complex at the southern end of Gerry Road. It is a long rectangular two-story wooden structure, with a gabled roof and shingled exterior. A variety of window and door treatments appear on the sides, including a pair of full-height windowed doors on one side, and oculus windows on the second level. A Cape style farmhouse with large central chimney stands nearby, and the grounds are landscaped with walls resembling those of old foundations.
The barn was probably built in the 1790s by Samuel Fisk, who lived nearby and farmed the land. The barn remained in his family's hands until the late 19th century. In 1929 it was converted to an art studio under the guidance of Providence, Rhode Island, architect Albert Harkness. The building is thus representative of Dublin's early agricultural origins and its later period as an artists' colony.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
References
Barns on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Commercial buildings completed in 1795
Buildings and structures in Dublin, New Hampshire
Barns in New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Dublin, New Hampshire
James Innes Randolph, Jr. (October 25, 1837 – April 29, 1887) was a Confederate army officer, lawyer, and poet.
Early life and education
Randolph was born in Winchester, Virginia and attended Hobart College in Geneva, New York and was a graduate of the State and National Law School in Poughkeepsie, New York.
Career
American Civil War
Randolph served in the Confederate army as a topographical engineer in the American Civil War, reaching the rank of major.
Writings
After the war, he moved to Baltimore, Maryland to practice law. After giving up the practice, he wrote editorials for the Baltimore American in addition to poems. He continued writing and living in Baltimore until his death in April 1887.
His best known poem is "I'm A Good Ol' Rebel", in where he berates the U.S. and disparages its national symbols while praising the Confederacy, lamenting its defeat at the hands of the U.S.
References
External links
1837 births
1887 deaths
Lawyers from Baltimore
People from Winchester, Virginia
People of Virginia in the American Civil War
Confederate States Army officers
Journalists from Maryland
Poets from Maryland
Poets from Virginia
Hobart and William Smith Colleges alumni
State and National Law School alumni
19th-century American lawyers
Pro-Confederate writers
Janet Sue Fender is an American physicist. She is the Scientific Adviser to the Commander, Air Combat Command, Langley Air Force Base, Virginia, USA. She was president of the Optical Society of America in 1997.
Education
Fender was awarded a BSc in physics and astronomy by the University of Oklahoma in 1973. She went on to gain a Masters and a PhD in optical sciences at the University of Arizona.
Career
Following graduation from Arizona, Fender joined the Air Force Weapons Laboratory at Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico. She rose to become Chief Scientist for Space Vehicles and Senior Scientist for Advanced Imaging at the laboratory in 1997. In 2004 she was appointed Scientific Adviser to the Commander at Air Combat Command, Langley Air Force Base, Virginia.
Awards
Presidential Distinguished Service Rank Award (2015)
Fellow of the Optical Society of America (1994)
Fellow of the International Society of Optical Engineers (1988)
Distinguished Alumni, University of Oklahoma (2009)
Distinguished Alumni, University of Arizona
Sigma Pi Sigma (National Physics Honor Society)
Gold, Silver, Bronze Corporate Cup athletic medals
Air Force Scientific Achievement Award
American Defense Preparedness Association Crozier Prize
Coty Most Extraordinary American Woman of the Year
New Mexico Federal Woman of the Year
Who's Who Worldwide, Science and Engineering, Fourth Edition
Coyote Classic Rally Navigator Award
International Commission on Optics Awards
Special Act Award, U.S. Air Force
See also
Optical Society of America
References
External links
Articles Published by early OSA Presidents Journal of the Optical Society of America
Presidents of the Optical Society
21st-century American physicists
Living people
American women physicists
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
The North German Missionary Society or North German Mission is a Presbyterian Christian organisation based in Bremen formed on 19 April 1836 to unify missionary work in North Germany. The society has also been active among the Ewes in southeastern Gold Coast, now Ghana. The mission was engaged in New Zealand and India prior to concentrating its activities in Ghana from 1847.
Reverend Johan Hartwig Bauer was the first Inspector and he established a school for missionaries in Hamburg.
History
The North German Mission was founded in 1836 by Lutheran and Reformed missionary associations in Hamburg.
Missionary Carl Sylvius Völkner arrived in New Zealand on behalf of the Society in 1849 and was murdered there by the Māori as a missionary of the Church Missionary Society (CMS) in 1865, provoking a military backlash. The matter is known in New Zealand as Völkner Incident. The church in Opotiki is named "St Stephen the Martyr" after him.
After the first activities in New Zealand and India, the mission concentrated its work from 1847 on the area of the settlement area of the Ewe in the then slave coast. It has been based in Bremen since 1851 and is known in West Africa as Bremen Mission or Mission de Brême. Pastor Cornelius Rudolf Vietor a founding member in 1851, was the chairman and president of the board from 1868 to 1888. Johann Carl Vietor, a merchant in West Africa, was a member of the company's executive committee.
The mission area was divided between the two colonial powers, the United Kingdom and France in 1890: it was a foreign mission on the British ruled Gold Coast and a national mission in German Togo. Embedded in this colonial field of tension, the North German Mission tried to find its way between the fronts. In Togo, it maintained its independence from the government within the school system by preferring the native language Ewe to the colonial language German. It also sought to preserve the traditional local structures. During this era, the head of mission, inspector Franz Michael Zahn (from 1862 to 1900), was known to have a colonial-critical attitude, which is born by submissions in the German parliament. There was a change under his successor Schreiber (from 1900 to 1924) towards an uncritical attitude towards the colonial powers.
During the First World War, the German Togoland colony was conquered by the French and British. 52 mission employees were detained. After the division into British and French mandates, community support from the mission was prohibited. Close contact with Bremen however remained.
The occupation of the mission area by the Western Powers was a first step towards the independence for the young West African church. In 1914 it had approximately 11,000 members, 14 pastors and 237 religious teachers.
In May 1922, local representatives of the missions met in Kpalimé for a synod. The colonial government had banned the participation of Europeans. The assembly declared the union, independence and unity of the parishes as the "Evangelical Ewe Church". Pastor Robert Kwami became its first leader and Synod Clerk.
Between 1923 and 1939, the North German Missionary Society was again able to send its people. The previous one-way traffic from Germany to West Africa gradually gave way to a sibling partnership. The 150 lectures given by the African Synod Secretary, Robert Kwami in 82 locations in northern Germany were accompanied by a racist Nazi campaign in Oldenburg shortly before Hitler came to power. The so-called Kwami affair not only caused a sensation in Germany but Dutch and English daily newspapers also reported on this prelude to church struggle.
After Togo and Ghana gained independence from the colonial powers, the churches there asked the North German Mission for assistance. In 1961, employees who did not act as missionaries were sent to Togo and Ghana. In 1980 the four German churches listed in the "Members" section merged into a common mission. In 2001, the Eglise Évangélique Presbytérienne du Togo and the Evangelical Presbyterian Church, Ghana, which resulted from the missionary work, were included in the North German Mission as equal partners in a new statute.
Christian mission and written language
When the missionaries of the North German Mission arrived in Africa, there were several dialects of the highly developed Ewe language, which only existed as spoken, not as written language. The missionaries learned the language and developed a script from Latin letters with the addition of phonetic characters. The missionaries worked out Bible translations, catechism, song and school books in the new written language. The four Gospels were translated by the missionary Johann Bernhard Schlegel (1827–1859) and printed in 1861. There followed the book of the Acts of the Apostles and the letters of Paul, Peter, James and Judas, which were translated by the missionaries Weyhe and Merz. Schlegel had decided to choose the Anlo Ewe dialect for the creation of the written language, which is spoken mainly in the western part of the language area on the coast. In 1856/57 he published a “Key to the Ewe Language”. The entire New Testament was available in 1877 in the translation of the missionary Merz. The missionaries Jakob Spieth and Gottlob Däuble edited the present translations and published a second edition of the Gospels, Acts, and Letters. The First Book of Moses in the Old Testament, Genesis, was printed in Ewe in 1870, followed by the Psalms, then the Book of Joshua, the Book of Judges and the Book of Ruth, and finally the Book of Samuel, the second book of Moses, the book of kings, and the prophets Isaiah and Jeremiah. Johannes Knüsli wrote an Ewe-German-English dictionary in Europe from 1887 to 1888. After his death on 23 May 1891, his widow Anna Knüsli published the "lithographic" dictionary Ewe-German-English in 1891. A complete edition of the Bible was available in 1913. The final design of the font was done by Diedrich Hermann Westermann who, at the turn of the century, in the service of mission, developed a comprehensive dictionary with over 15,000 words, which first appeared in 1905 and completed a final grammar of Ewe in 1907. Westermann returned from Africa in 1907 due to illness and retired from serving as a missionary, but remained an honorary member of the North German Mission.
Members
The North German Mission is a mission of six partner churches that work on an equal footing in the mission. The partner churches in Germany are the Evangelical Church of Bremen, the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Oldenburg, the Evangelical Reformed Church in Germany and the Church of Lippe, in Africa the Evangelical Presbyterian Church of Togo (EEPT) and the Evangelical Presbyterian Church, Ghana.
Tasks
"The proclamation of salvation in Christ for the salvation of lost souls" - this is how the task of the North German Mission was understood exclusively for many years. After Togo's political independence, the church developed its own missionary approach there: “'The whole gospel for all people'. Salvation in Christ is that God wants to make the whole world we live in new. According to Genesis 2:7 "God breathed into his nostrils the breath of life and man became a living soul." The “North German Mission” understands “soul” to mean the whole person and focuses its work on him. Many development aid projects are designed to enable people to live a human life. The transition from the old "pagan" religion to Christianity is no longer in the foreground. The goal is rather the realization of the Word of God in the different areas of life of the people. The evangelical mission should become concrete in people's daily lives. They should be able to live together in a protected environment in peace and justice.
Testimony and Gospel
Every year on Trinity Sunday, the North German Mission invites all to a partnership service in its partner churches. A 300-page four-language children's Bible in Ewe, German, English and French was developed and illustrated together with groups of girls and boys from Africa and Europe.
Bible translation
Johann Bernhard Schlegel and Andreas Jakob Spieth were early Bible translators of the mission society.
Intercultural learning, development
The member churches of the North German Mission in the two African countries operate over 600 of their own primary and secondary schools, several high schools (Mawuko, Saboba, Tatale, Hohoe, Badou, Lomé-Agbalépédogan, Tado) and teacher training centers (Amedzofe and Bimbilla). The German member churches provide help with the establishment and operation of the training centres. Scholarships are often awarded. Music education is also a focus. The African partner churches maintain, partly together with other churches, training centres for pastors and catechists in Porto Novo, Atakpamé, Peki and Accra.
Vocational training: The churches also organise handicraft training for young people in tailoring, secretarial skills, housekeeping, tailoring, carpentry, building trade, electrical installation and in the use of computers.
Nutritional advice and new cultivation methods. There are also rural development and advisory centers or model farms in Chereponi, Yendi, New Ayoma, Ho, Dambai, and Moyen Mono. Small animal husbandry and new products are propagated. The North German Mission supports many development aid projects with a focus on sustainable agriculture. Protecting the rainforest, reforestation and combating bushfires are all part of this. An important topic: water. Wells are built and equipped with solar pumps. Women's work: Bible studies, literacy courses, training centres, and income-generating projects such as bread baking or handicrafts.
The granting of small loans is organized by women. This enables small business projects such as handicrafts, fish trade, grain trade and hairdressing salons. This project is based on ideas similar to those of Nobel Peace Prize winner Muhammad Yunus. Women's programs in particular are often about generating additional income.
Youth work: Self-help projects assist young people to find employment.
Children: An education campaign is fighting child slavery. Street children are reintegrated into their families through a counseling program or receive support to attend school. Many children cannot go to school because they have to take care of the younger siblings while their parents are working. That is why the Protestant churches of Ghana and Togo have set up qualified kindergartens and preschools in their congregations.
Food security: In Northern Togo, the women's department of the Evangelical Church is working on buying soy, rice and néré at harvest time and later selling it again at moderate and fair prices.
Democracy and human rights : These include free elections, pluralistic democracy, reconciliation between hostile political groups, the fight against child trafficking, peace work in the broadest sense. Peace work: Seminars for non-violent conflict resolution are organized. An office in Lomé is working to combat illegal gun ownership. Projects are carried out to achieve the goals.
Diakonia
The six churches work closely together to promote aid agencies and promote existing projects, with new institutions being created over and over again. The goal of “helping people to help themselves” is often recognizable, the start-up financing is intended to help the poorer sections of the population to create their own earning opportunities. Young people, women and the elderly are the focus of the diaconal work.
Curative medicine: EEPT and E. P. Church maintain numerous health centres, hospitals and pharmacies. An important principle of health work is disease prevention. This includes counselling and regular examinations of the children in the villages, family planning, AIDS education programs and support for AIDS orphans and people infected with HIV. Organised vaccinations against tetanus, polio and measles. Social work: The E. P. Church runs a centre for life and family counselling. To prevent ethnic conflicts, the Church is involved in peace work. Prison counselling supports prisoners in Ho, Ghana.
Literature
Werner Raupp (ed.): Mission in source texts. History of the German Evangelical Mission from the Reformation to the World Mission Conference. Edinburgh 1910, Erlangen 1990.
Evangelical lexicon for theology and community. Volume II, paperback, published by Scm R. Brockhaus, 1998, , p. 1450.
Werner Ustorf: Franz Michael Zahn's method of mission and the establishment of church structures in West Africa. A missionary history investigation. * Verlag der ev.-luth. Mission Erlangen, 1989, .
Martin Pabst: Mission and Colonial Policy. The North German Mission Society on the Gold Coast and in Togo. Publishing association ANARCHE, Munich 1988, .
Stefanie Lubrich: Missionary education of girls and women. Case studies from West Africa. Small writings of the State Archives Bremen, Issue 32. Published by the University of Bremen and the State Archives Bremen, 2002, .
Sonja Sawitzki: Ho / Wegbe. The establishment of a mission station in West Africa. Small writings of the Bremen State Archives, Issue 33. Published by the University of Bremen and the State Archives Bremen, 2002, .
Alsheimer, Rainer: Dreams of a West African Papal States in German Togoland: Plans in the North German Mission Society 1900–1914. In: Bremisches Jahrbuch, Volume 83, Bremen 2004, pp. 181–196. ISSN 0341-9622.
References
External links
Commons : Norddeutsche Mission - Collection of pictures, videos and audio files
North German mission
Presbyterian missionaries in Europe
Protestant missionaries in Germany
Christian missionary societies
The Bentley Hunaudières is a concept car built by Bentley for the 1999 Geneva Salon International de l'Auto. It is powered by a Volkswagen 8.0-litre, naturally aspirated, W16 engine adapted and modified by Bentley to generate of power at 6,000 rpm and of torque at 4,000 rpm in conjunction with a five-speed manual transmission. It is capable of a top speed.
Name
The Hunaudières' name pays homage to the famous straight of Circuit de la Sarthe where Sir Tim Birkin in a "Blower Bentley" overtook Rudolf Caracciola in a Mercedes-Benz SSK at with one wheel on the grass down the Hunaudières straight.
Production
The concept, along with the similar Audi Rosemeyer, led to the production of the Bugatti Veyron by parent company Volkswagen.
Video game
The Bentley Hunaudières was featured in the 2000 video game TOCA World Touring Cars as an unlockable car.
References
Sports cars
Hunaudières
Rear mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Ondre Kulam () is a 1956 Indian Tamil-language film directed by N. Krishnaswamy. Edited by M.S. Parthasarathy. The film stars R. S. Manohar and Madhuri Devi. This is a 1956 award-winning Tamil film and this film title was named by former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister K.Kamaraj.
Cast
List adapted from the database of Film News Anandan.
Male cast
R. S. Manohar
S. V. Sahasranamam
K. Sarangapani
J. P. Chandrababu
Female cast
Maduri Devi
K. R. Chellam
T. V. Kumudhini
Production
The film was produced and directed by N. Krishnaswamy. Sathasiva Brahmam wrote the story while the dialogues were penned by S. D. Sundharam, V. Seetharaman and Ku. Sa. Krishnamoorthy. Balu was in charge of Cinematography while the editing was done by M.S. Parthasarathy. Art direction was K. R. Sarma and the still photography was done by S. V. Gopal Rao.
Soundtrack
Music was composed by M. V. Ranga Rao and S. V. Venkatraman while the lyrics were penned by Ku. Sa. Krishnamoorthy, Surabhi, and V. Seetharaman. One song by Subramania Bharathiyar and another song by Poet Auwaiyar were included in the film. Playback singers are Sirkazhi Govindarajan, S. V. Venkatraman, V. N. Sundaram, S. V. Ponnusamy, A. P. Komala, M. L. Vasanthakumari, N. L. Ganasaraswathi, Rani, M. S. Rajeswari, Jikki, Kalyani, Vasantha, Sundaramma and G. Kasthuri.
References
Indian drama films
Films scored by S. V. Venkatraman
1950s Tamil-language films
SSSIs in the UK are notified using the concept of an Area of Search (AOS), an area of between and in size. The Areas of Search were conceived and developed between 1975 and 1979 by the Nature Conservancy Council (NCC), based on regions created by the Local Government Act 1972. Whereas England had its Areas of Search based on 46 counties, those in Wales were based on a combination of the counties and smaller districts. In 1974, Wales was divided into 8 counties, with 37 districts. The NCC created 12 Welsh Areas of Search; they mostly follow county borders, but the larger counties (Dyfed, Powys and Gwynedd) were divided into multiple Areas using district borders. Mid and South Glamorgan were merged into a single AOS, whilst Llanelli district was included in the West Glamorgan AOS.
Due to subsequent local government reorganisation in the UK since 1972, many counties and districts have been divided, merged or renamed. Using the AOS system alone would make it difficult to search for individual SSSI citations via the Countryside Council for Wales (CCW) database without knowing 1972 region divisions. As a result, the CCW groups Welsh SSSIs using the subdivisions of Wales formed in April 1996 by the Local Government (Wales) Act 1994, resulting in 22 principal areas.
Gwent AOS lies within the counties of Blaenau Gwent, Caerphilly, Monmouthshire, Newport, and Torfaen.
For SSSIs elsewhere in the UK, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.
See also
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Blaenau Gwent
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Caerphilly
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Monmouthshire
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Newport
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Torfaen
References
Gwent
Benjamin Russell (January 10, 1849 – September 20, 1935) was a Canadian lawyer, professor of law, judge, and politician in the province Nova Scotia.
Early life and education
Born in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia to Nathaniel and Agnes Russell, he was educated at the Halifax Grammar School, and graduated with the degree of Bachelor of Arts from Mount Allison College in 1868. He received the degree of Masters of Arts in 1871 and in 1893, the degree of Doctor of Laws.
Legal career
Russell was admitted to the bar in 1872 and made Queen's Counsel (Earl of Derby) in 1890. As successor to Sir John Sparrow David Thompson, he reported debates in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly (1869 to 1883). He was also a Reporter to the Supreme Court (1875 to 1895) and a legal adviser of the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia (1884 to 1896). He was also professor of contracts and lecturer on Bills and Notes, Sales and Equity Jurisprudence Law at Dalhousie University.
Political career
Russell was first elected to the House of Commons of Canada for the electoral district of Halifax in the 1896 general election. A Liberal, he was re-elected in the 1900 election for the electoral district of Hants. In 1904 he was appointed a puisne judge of the Nova Scotia Supreme Court on 3 October 1904. He served until his death in 1935. He was also a noted editor of English Law treatises and author.
On 6 March 1918, Russell was approached by an independent Halifax lawyer, Walter Joseph Aloysius O'Hearn, the representative of Francis Mackey, the pilot of the ill-fated SS Mont-Blanc. On 6 December 1917, Mackey's ship, laden with a cargo of highly volatile explosives, collided with SS Imo, a Belgian Relief vessel under Norwegian registry, in Halifax Harbour. The resultant blast decimated the North End of the city and inflicted many casualties. Along with the captain of the vessel, Aimé Le Médec, and the chief examining officer of the port, Commander F. Evan Wyatt, Mackey had been accused of manslaughter and criminal negligence and arrested. The pilot could not afford bail and was thrown in jail. O'Hearn asked Judge Russell to issue a writ of habeas corpus.
Russell agreed there was no justification for the charges and released the prisoner on 15 March 1918. As the captain had been arrested on the same warrant, he too was given a written discharge though he had not spent any time in jail. There were many people who were most displeased with Russell's decision, including Attorney General Orlando Tiles Daniels. On 2 April, an attempt by prosecutor, Andrew Cluney, on behalf of the attorney general's office to overturn the decision in the Nova Scotia Supreme Court (in banco) failed for lack of jurisdiction (as did two subsequent bids to indict Mackey on 9 April and 2 October 1918). Mr. O'Hearn pointed out the lack of jurisdiction from the outset of the proceedings. Four of the five justices, including Chief Justice Edward Robert Harris agreed. Justice Arthur Drysdale was the lone dissenter. Ultimately, Justice Russell's decision was final. The case, In re Mackey, was added as a citation to the Criminal Code of Canada beginning in 1919 under Section 262 entitled, Manslaughter defined. Russell also presided over the Commander Wyatt's grand jury hearing (19–20 March 1918) and trial (17 April 1918). The trial proceedings took less than a day and ended with an acquittal on both charges.
In his autobiography, Russell reflected upon these particular proceedings. He stated: "Civium ardor prava jubentium gave me all that I could do in disposing of the cases with which I was bound to deal. One of these concerned the official in charge of the wiring across the mouth of the harbour. To suppose he had anything in the world to do with the disaster was an utterly lunatic notion. Yet my impression is that the Grand Jury insisted on finding a true bill and placing him on trial. When the bill reached me I got rid of it in the shortest and easiest way possible. It was simply nonsensical, and the fact a grand jury could find it was symptomatic of the condition of the common feeling."
Judge Russell's autobiography was published in 1932.
Footnotes
Suggested reading
Autobiography of Benjamin Russell (1932, Halifax: Royal Print and Litho Ltd.)
General references
1849 births
1935 deaths
Dalhousie University faculty
Judges in Nova Scotia
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Nova Scotia
Mount Allison University alumni
People from Dartmouth, Nova Scotia
Canadian Queen's Counsel
Anna Carmela Incerti (born 19 January 1980 in Palermo) is an Italian long-distance runner who specializes in the marathon. She has represented Italy in the marathon at European, World and Olympic-level. She won the bronze in the event at the 2010 European Championships, later upgraded to silver and then to gold.
Biography
She was the 2003 winner of the Florence Marathon, which made her the Italian marathon champion for that year. She also won the bronze medal in 10,000 metres at the 2003 Summer Universiade. Incerti began focusing on longer distances and set a personal best in the marathon at the 2006 European Athletics Championships, running a time of 2:32:53 for ninth place. She finished 17th over the distance at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics.
She represented Italy at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and came fourteenth in the marathon with a personal best run of 2:30:55 hours. Later that year, she won the Milan Marathon in a new personal best time of 2:27:42 hours and finished the season with an Italian record run of 32:1 minutes for the 10K at the San Silvestre Barcelona.
Incerti won the Roma-Ostia Half Marathon in March 2009 and then secured the half marathon title at the 2009 Mediterranean Games in Pescara. At the 2010 European Athletics Championships she won the bronze medal in the marathon race, but was subsequently upgraded to the silver (following the disqualification of race winner Živilė Balčiūnaitė for a doping offence), then to the gold medal (following the disqualification of runner-up Nailiya Yulamanova).
She ran at the 2011 Osaka Ladies Marathon and improved her best time to 2:27:33, coming in fourth place. She also improved her half marathon best soon after, defeating Jessica Augusto to defend at the Roma-Ostia with a time of 1:09:06 – which was also a new course record. After some high altitude training in Ifrane in Morocco she ran at the Stramilano half marathon, but she felt her second-place finish behind Ababel Yeshaneh was not a good performance. She decided to enter the 2011 Berlin Marathon and she ran a significant personal best of 2:25:32 hours. She was runner-up to Valeria Straneo at the Stramilano in 2012 and was fifth in a competitive Roma-Ostia field.
She is married to fellow marathon runner Stefano Scaini.
Achievements
National titles
She won six national championships.
Italian Athletics Championships
10,000 metres: 2009 (1)
10 km road: 2015 (1)
Half marathon: 2007, 2008, 2019 (3)
Marathon: 2003 (1)
See also
Italian all-time lists - 5000 metres
Italian all-time lists - Half marathon
Italian all-time lists - Marathon
Italian team at the running events
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Italian female long-distance runners
Italian female marathon runners
Sportspeople from Palermo
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Italy
Athletics competitors of Fiamme Azzurre
European Athletics Championships medalists
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Italy
Athletes (track and field) at the 2009 Mediterranean Games
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
World Athletics Championships athletes for Italy
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Universiade bronze medalists for Italy
Medalists at the 2003 Summer Universiade
Sir Redmond Everard (1585) was an Irish politician and landowner from Fethard, County Tipperary: the Everard family for generations effectively owned the town of Fethard. He was the son of John Everard. In the Parliament of 1585–6, he sat in the Irish House of Commons as one of the Members of Parliament (MPs) for County Tipperary.
Little is known of his wife. His eldest son Sir John Everard (1550–1624) was a barrister, politician and judge. John's son Richard (c. 1590-c.1660) was the first of the Everard baronets. Redmond's younger son James (living 1609) was a Jesuit: both James and his brother openly professed their [[Roman Cath[olic]] faith, despite the penalties imposed on members of that faith under the Penal Laws.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
16th-century births
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Tipperary constituencies
Irish MPs 1585–1586
Skagit Valley Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, centred on the Skagit River and its tributaries. The park is 27,964 Hectares. The park borders E. C. Manning Provincial Park in Canada and Ross Lake National Recreation Area and North Cascades National Park in the United States. It includes part of Ross Lake, a reservoir formed by a hydroelectric dam in Whatcom County, Washington.
See also
Chilliwack Lake Provincial Park
References
External links
Lower Mainland
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1973
1973 establishments in British Columbia
Balș is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Balș, Boureni and Coasta Măgurii. These belonged to Târgu Frumos town until 2004, when they were split off to form a separate commune.
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
North Mountain Animal Sanctuary is a registered charity which works to provide care, comfort, and rehabilitation to abused, unwanted and neglected farm animals in the Annapolis Valley, Nova Scotia, Canada.
The sanctuary began in 2008, by buying land on the North Mountain, and achieved charitable status in 2010.
North Mountain Animal Sanctuary provides shelter for goats, rabbits, sheep, ducks, pigs, and chickens. The sanctuary tries to prevent the future suffering and neglect of farm animals by raising public awareness.
References
Animal sanctuaries
Oughtmama () is a civil parish in County Clare. It lies in the Burren, a region in the northwest of the county. It contains many antiquities, including three early-medieval Christian churches, ruined castles, prehistoric cairns and ring forts and two Martello Towers built in the early 19th century.
Geography
Location
The parish is in the extreme north of the Barony of Burren, and the county of Clare. The parish is and covers . The parish holds Lough Murree, a lake of . It has two headlands that extend into Galway Bay, Aughinish Point and Finavarra Point.
Description
The land is mostly low-lying, rising to Abbey Hill in the east at above sea level, although large parts of Abbey Hill are actually located in neighbouring Abbey parish which completely surrounds the Oughtmama parish townland of Behagh. Oughtmama parish also includes part of Turlough Hill and Slieve Carran, the latter rising to over 1,000 feet above sea level.
The parish is not continuous, but consists of several exclaves such as Behagh. It borders on County Galway in several places.
It contains the villages of Aughinish and Finavarra. The population in 1841 was 2,075 in 325 houses.
In the townland of Newquay stands Mount Vernon Lodge, formerly held in fee by the Skerett family, then owned by the parents of Hugh Lane and later the summer home of Lady Augusta Gregory.
Name
The name of the parish, ucht máma, means "breast of a yoke", i.e. the upper front of a mountain pass. The parish takes its name from the townland of Oughtmama in the east, and describes the situation of that townland on one of the hills that surround the Corcomroe valley.
Antiquities
Early medieval monastic site
There are three churches in the Oughtmama townland, two of them are well preserved, lying together in a straight line. The third is a ruin about away. The three churches are a National Monument of Ireland.
Although they have not been dated precisely, as there have been no excavations at the site, the churches are thought to be part of an early medieval monastic site and to have been altered several times over a period of 400 or 500 years. The site included a double enclosure of limestone walls, domestic buildings and gardens, a mill race with water mill a leacht (a stone slab likely used as an outdoor altar) and a holy well (see below).
The two larger churches are located within the inner enclosure, whilst the third lies between inner and outer wall. The western (and largest) is considered the oldest. It was likely built around 1100 as a one-room oratory and enlarged in the 13th century when the other two churches were built. The western church features high quality stonemasonry of the type known as Cyclopean with large, well-cut stones.
The central church is also a one-roomed building, featuring a combination of older (possibly removed from the western church) and more recent (i.e. 12th- to 13th-century) features like the doorway. Like the middle church, the eastern one is built on a stone plinth. It is in a much more ruined state than the other two and it is also not aligned with the other two buildings. Its position outside the inner enclosure has led to the theory that it may have served as a place of worship for women, either nuns or lay members of the congregation.
Based on old records, the churches may be assumed to have been built to honor three saints, each named Colman, including Colman mac Duagh.
The outer enclosure was around 50 to 100 m from the inner wall, both of which are still partially reflected in the shape of current field boundaries. The remains of the domestic buildings lie around 100 m east of the churches. These structures, along with the water mill, terraced garden and a possible midden indicate the presence of a substantial number of people at the settlement's peak.
Around 700 m to the northeast of the churches, halfway up the slope, lies a holy well dedicated to St. Colman, Tobar Cholmáin. It reportedly served as a cure for eyesores and is still visited by people for that purpose, as evidenced by votive offerings. The traditional annual day of pilgrimage for this site is 15 November.
Others
There are various cairns and cahers in the parish, mostly ruined.
Turlough Hill (also known as Knockycallanan hill) features a cairn on the highest point. It is likely prehistoric but has not been excavated, so it is uncertain whether it served burial purposes. To the east of the cairn are numerous hut circles, located on the same bedrock terrace as the cairn. At least 165 remains of round stone huts have been identified. This assembly is almost without parallel in Ireland. At Mullaghfarna, County Sligo, a collection of 153 huts situated on a limestone terrace contained both Neolithic and early Bronze Age artifacts, but these were washed into the pavement so as to provide limited information allowing to date the structures. Both purpose and dating of the Turlough Hill settlement remain enigmatic.
This is also true for another structure, located around 600 m to the northeast and just outside the parish's border. It is a large walled enclosure (225 m diameter), resembling a Bronze Age hill fort. However, this structure does not seem to have been built with fortification in mind. It lacks the typical Bronze Age outer ramparts and the main entrance to the east, following a large fault in the bedrock, shows no defensive structures. It is also much too large to defend effectively. An alternative interpretation is for this to have been an earlier, Neolithic, enclosure. Given its strategic position, overlooking the lands around Kinvara as well as a significant part of the northeastern Burren, it may have been used for occasional gatherings of people from different tribes or groupings, for ceremonial or trade purposes.
The department of archaeology of the National University of Ireland, Galway is currently conducting research on the antiquities of Turlough Hill.
There are records of a Franciscan abbey called Beagh, which must have stood in the townland of that name, but there are no traces of it, and no tradition.
The ruins of Turlough Castle lie on the border of a lough. It is almost level with the ground, as is the castle of Finavarra. Both castles belonged to the O'Loghlen family. The hereditary poets of the O'Loghlens in Finavarra were the O'Daly family. They moved to Galway towards the end of the 15th century. One of their descendants was James Daly, 1st Baron Dunsandle and Clanconal.
There are Martello towers on Aughinish Point and Finavarra Point: Finavarra Tower and Aughinish Tower.
Located in Finavarra Demesne are the ruins of Finavarra House and its gate lodge. It is described as "remains of detached L-plan three-bay two-storey over basement house with dormer attic, built c. 1825." This was the residence of the Skerrett family from the mid-18th to the mid-19th century. In the 1850s, the main part of the estate of the Skerretts was in the parish of Oughtmama and in the nearby parishes of Drumcreehy, including part of the village of Ballyvaughan and Rathborney. They also held land in the parish of Kilfenora. Nearby, an octagonal pillar/monument known as the leacht of Donoughmore O'Daly stands close to the shore.
Townlands
The townlands are Aghawinnaun, Aughinish, Behagh, Boloona, Coolnatullagh, Cragballyconoal, Deelin Beg, Deelin More, Finavarra Demesne, Gortaclare, Gortboyheen, Kilweelran, Knockycallanan, Newquay, Oughtmama, Poulaphuca, Rine, Scanlan's Island, Slievecarran and Turlough.
Gallery
See also
Corcomroe Abbey, located in neighbouring Abbey parish
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Surveying Turlough Hill in: Burren Landscape and Settlement
Civil parishes of County Clare
DeKalb County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 100,420. Its county seat is Sycamore.
DeKalb County is part of the Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
DeKalb County was formed on 4 March 1837, out of Kane County, Illinois. The county was named for Johann de Kalb, a German (Bavarian) hero of the American Revolutionary War. DeKalb County's area is approximately 632.7 square miles, and is located 63 miles west of Chicago. There are 19 townships in the county with the county seat at Sycamore.
Between 1834 and 1837, settlements were formed in DeKalb County along streams and wooded areas due to fertile soil, wild game, and food and water opportunities. Primary growth stemmed from the introduction of the railroad which brought easier methods of transportation and opportunities for industrial growth. Early industries based in DeKalb County included Sandwich Mfg. Co, Marsh Harvester Co, barbed wire, and Gurler Bros Pure Milk Co.
The county is noted for agriculture. In 1852, the DeKalb Agricultural Society produced the county's first Agricultural Fair, in Sycamore. Eventually farmers, businessmen, bankers and newspapermen organized to become the DeKalb County Soil Improvement Association, which later was split into DeKalb County Farm Bureau and DeKalb Agricultural Association (DEKALB AgResearch, Inc., Monsanto). DeKalb County is credited with being the birthplace of the Farm Bureau movement. DeKalb County is also the 2nd largest hog producing county in Illinois and the 66th largest in the nation.
Education has played an important role in the area with Northern Illinois University located in DeKalb and Kishwaukee College located in Malta. Except for 2020 (COVID-19), a major fair has been held each year since 1887 at the Sandwich Fairgrounds in Sandwich.
Pronunciation
Unlike similarly spelled locations, such as DeKalb County, Georgia, DeKalb denizens from Illinois pronounce the county name , with an L sound, as in German.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Sycamore have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in August 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Adjacent counties
Boone County - north
McHenry County - northeast
Kane County - east
Kendall County - southeast
LaSalle County - south
Lee County - west
Ogle County - west
Winnebago County - northwest
Major highways
Interstate 88
US Route 30
US Route 34
Illinois Route 23
Illinois Route 38
Illinois Route 64
Illinois Route 72
Illinois Route 110
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 105,160 people, 38,484 households, and 23,781 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 41,079 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 85.1% white, 6.4% black or African American, 2.3% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 3.9% from other races, and 2.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 10.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 32.6% were German, 17.5% were Irish, 8.7% were English, 7.0% were Polish, 6.4% were Italian, 6.3% were Swedish, and 4.7% were Norwegian.
Of the 38,484 households, 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 38.2% were non-families, and 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.11. The median age was 29.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $54,002 and the median income for a family was $70,713. Males had a median income of $50,192 versus $35,246 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,179. About 7.7% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.2% of those under age 18 and 4.5% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
DeKalb
Genoa
Sandwich (mostly)
Sycamore
Town
Cortland
Villages
Hinckley
Kingston
Kirkland
Lee (part)
Malta
Maple Park (part)
Shabbona
Somonauk (mostly)
Waterman
Unincorporated Communities
Afton Center
Charter Grove
Clare
Colvin Park
East Paw Paw
Elva
Esmond
Fairdale
Five Points
Franks
McGirr
New Lebanon
Rollo
Shabbona Grove
Wilkinson
Townships
Afton
Clinton
Cortland
DeKalb
Franklin
Genoa
Kingston
Malta
Mayfield
Milan
Paw Paw
Pierce
Sandwich
Shabbona
Somonauk
South Grove
Squaw Grove
Sycamore
Victor
Politics
As part of Northern Illinois, DeKalb County was a stronghold for the Free Soil Party in its early elections – being among nine Illinois counties to support Martin Van Buren in 1848 – and became overwhelmingly Republican for the century following that party's formation. The only time it did not back the official GOP nominee between 1856 and 1988 was in 1912 when the Republican Party was mortally divided and Progressive Theodore Roosevelt won almost half the county's vote.
During this time, it rejected Democrats even in statewide and national landslides. In 1936, Republican candidate Alf Landon, won DeKalb County by double digits while losing 46 of 48 states. Landon held Franklin D. Roosevelt to only 43 percent of DeKalb County's vote, the most he would garner in the county during his four runs for president. Even Barry Goldwater – renowned for his antagonism towards the establishment – won by seven percent despite losing sixteen percent of the vote compared to Richard Nixon in 1960.
In 1992, with the third-party entrance of Ross Perot siphoning votes from Republican George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton became the first Democrat to carry the county in 140 years. Since then, DeKalb County has become more of a swing county in national elections, owing to the growth of the largely Democratic student population in DeKalb. However, it has bucked the Democratic trend seen in most counties dominated by college towns. Republicans still hold most county-level elected offices, and all municipalities outside of the city of DeKalb are still powerfully Republican.
In 2008, an Illinois son, Barack Obama, became the first Democrat to win an absolute majority since Van Buren in the county's first-ever Presidential election of 1840. Obama repeated this in 2012, but gains for third-party candidates caused both major-party candidates to underperform in 2016.
Education
Tertiary
Northern Illinois University is in the county.
K-12
The following school districts have territory in the county, no matter how slight, even if their schools and/or administrative headquarters are in other counties:
K-12:
Belvidere Consolidated Unit School District 100
Central Community Unit School District 301
Community Unit School District 300
DeKalb Community Unit School District 428
Earlville Community Unit School District 9
Genoa-Kingston Community Unit School District 424
Hinckley-Big Rock Community Unit School District 429
Hiawatha Community Unit School District 426
Indian Creek Community Unit District 425
Kaneland Community Unit School District 302
Lee Center Community Unit School District 271
Leland Community Unit School District 1
Sandwich Community Unit School District 430
Somonauk Community Unit School District 432
Sycamore Community Unit School District 427
Secondary:
Rochelle Township High School District 212
Elementary:
Creston Community Consolidated School District 161
Eswood Community Consolidated District 269
Steward Elementary School District 220
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in DeKalb County, Illinois
References
References
US Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
US National Atlas
Further reading
Eric W. Mogren. Native Soil: A History of the DeKalb County Farm Bureau (DeKalb: Northern Illinois University Press, 2005), 288 pp.
External links
History pages for DeKalb County towns and cities
DeKalb County Youth Service Bureau
Taming the Wild Prairie: A History of DeKalb County, Illinois, 1837-1900, Illinois Historical Digitization Projects at Northern Illinois University Libraries
DeKalb County Online Newspaper
1837 establishments in Illinois
Chicago metropolitan area
Illinois counties
Populated places established in 1837
The Goidelic substrate hypothesis refers to the hypothesized language or languages spoken in Ireland before the Iron Age arrival of the Goidelic languages.
Hypothesis of non-Indo-European languages
Ireland was settled, like the rest of northern Europe, after the retreat of the ice sheets c. 10,500 BC. Indo-European languages are usually thought to have been a much later arrival. Some scholars suggest that the Goidelic languages may have been brought by the Bell Beaker culture circa 2500 BC, in contrast to the generally accepted theory that it was brought by the advent of the Iron Age. In contrast, other scholars argue for a much later date of arrival of Goidelic languages to Ireland based on linguistic evidence. Peter Schrijver has suggested that Irish was perhaps preceded by an earlier wave of Celtic speaking colonists (based on population names attested in Ptolemy's Geography) who were displaced by a later wave of proto-Irish speakers only in the 1st century AD, following a migration in the wake of the Roman conquest of Britain, with Irish and British Celtic languages only branching off from a common Insular Celtic language around that time.
Scholars have suggested:
that an older language or languages could have been replaced by the Insular Celtic languages; and
that words and grammatical constructs from the original language, or languages, may nevertheless persist as a substrate in the Celtic languages, especially in placenames and personal names.
Suggested non-Indo-European words in Irish
Gearóid Mac Eoin proposes the following words as deriving from the substrate: bréife 'ring, loop', cufar, cuifre/cuipre 'kindness', fafall/fubhal, lufe 'feminine', slife, strophais 'straw'; and the following placenames: Bréifne, Crufait, Dún Gaifi, Faffand, Grafand, Grafrenn, Life/Mag Liphi, Máfat.
Peter Schrijver submits the following words as deriving from the substrate: partán 'crab', Partraige (ethnonym), (note that partaing "crimson (Parthian) red" is a loanword from Lat. parthicus), pattu 'hare', petta 'pet, lap-dog', pell 'horse', pít 'portion of food', pluc '(round) mass', prapp 'rapid', gliomach 'lobster', faochán 'periwinkle', ciotóg 'left hand', bradán 'salmon', scadán 'herring'. In a further study he gives counter-arguments against some criticisms by Graham Isaac.
Ranko Matasović lists lacha ("duck"), sinnach ("fox"), luis ("rowan"), lon ("blackbird"), dega ("beetle"), ness ("stoat"). He also points out that there are words of possibly or probably non-Indo-European origin in other Celtic languages as well; therefore, the substrate may not have been in contact with Primitive Irish but rather with Proto-Celtic. Examples of words found in more than one branch of Celtic but with no obvious cognates outside Celtic include:
Middle Irish 'young woman', Middle Welsh 'heifer', perhaps Gaulish anderon (possibly connected with Basque 'lady, woman')
Old Irish 'short', Middle Welsh 'short', Gaulish Birrus (name); possibly related to the birrus, a short cloak or hood
Old Irish 'raven', Middle Welsh 'raven', Gaulish Brano-, sometimes translated as 'crow' (name element, such as Bran Ardchenn, Bran Becc mac Murchado, and Bran the Blessed)
Middle Irish 'badger', Middle Welsh 'badger', Gaulish Broco- (name element) (borrowed into English as brock)
Old Irish '(war) chariot', Welsh , Gaulish carpento-, Carbanto-
Old Irish 'salmon', Middle Welsh 'salmon', Gaulish *esoks (borrowed into Latin as ); has been compared with Basque izokin
Old Irish 'piece', Middle Welsh 'thing', Gaulish *pettia (borrowed into Latin as and French as )
Old Irish 'wether', Middle Welsh 'ram, wether', Gaulish Moltus (name) and *multon- (borrowed into French as , from which to English as mutton)
The Old Irish word for "horn", adarc, is also listed as a potential Basque loanword; in Basque the word is adar.
Gerry Smyth, in Space and the Irish Cultural Imagination, suggested that Dothar, the Old Irish name for the River Dodder, could be a substrate word.
See also
Pre-Celtic
Pre-Greek substrate
Pre-Indo-European languages
Prehistoric Ireland
Mythological Cycle
Germanic substrate hypothesis
References
Languages of Ireland
Prehistoric Ireland
Indo-European linguistics
Celtic studies
Pre-Indo-Europeans
Linguistic strata
Dau Tieng Solar Power Project is a photovoltaic power farm spread over a total area of which is located right next to Dau Tieng Lake, one of the largest shallow lakes in Vietnam, in Tan Chau and Duong Minh Chau Districts, Tan Hung, Tay Ninh Province, 100 km from Ho Chi Minh City, in the south of Vietnam.
Project finance
Dau Tieng Project composes 3 projects which are Dau Tieng 1, Dau Tieng 2 and Dau Tieng 3 with a total generating capacity of 600 MWp / 500 MWac, which is the largest solar plant project in South East Asia. Dau Tieng 1, Dau Tieng 2 and part of Dau Tieng 3 have officially achieved Commercial Operation Date in June 2019. The project has the total amount of investment up to US$560 million by Dau Tieng Tay Ninh Energy JSC, a joint venture of B Grimm Power Company and Xuan Cau Corporation Limited. The project is implemented by Sinohydro Corporation Limited and Powerchina Huadong Engineering Corporation Limited, both of them are subsidiaries of POWERCHINA GROUP - an authorized technical consultant for administration of wind power and solar power generation projects in China .
Overview on plant design
Dau Tieng Solar Power Plant is designed with solar photovoltaic technology which includes the main components of PV Panel array, Inverter, Monitoring/ Control System, Booster station system and Transmission system. The general layout of the Dau Tieng Solar Power Plant, specifically the distance between equipment rows, angle and configuration of equipment, direction of equipment installation, is designed and calculated efficiently to reduce the cost and maximum the productivity from the plant.
The solar plant utilizes over 1.4 million PV modules, 220,000 pile foundations, 750 km of steel mounting structures, and almost 190 km of cables and 2,400 km of wires. Construction of the structures needs to mount the solar panels required 41,000 tonnes of galvanised steel. The entire solar park is also connected to a 220 kV Substation of Dau Tieng Tay Ninh Energy JSC.
This project is supposed to give a solar resource of around 17.5 TWh of electricity totally during 25 years, which is sufficient to meet virtually the entire electricity demand of Tay Ninh City. It means an annual generation of 694000 MWh/yr may be possible.
See also
Renewable energy in Vietnam
Solar power
References
Solar power in Vietnam
Buildings and structures in Tây Ninh province
Quiddelbach is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is located within the Nürburgring Nordschleife racing circuit.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Caroline Jackson (born 5 November 1946 in Penzance, Cornwall) is a politician in the United Kingdom. She was a Member of the European Parliament for the Conservative Party from 1984 to 2009.
Early career
Before she became an MEP, Jackson was a Research Fellow at St Hugh's College, Oxford, where she obtained a doctorate in 19th century political history. She worked at the Conservative Research Department from 1973 to 1974 and fought the constituency of Birmingham Erdington in the February 1974 General Election. She then became a member of the research team supporting the first British Conservative MEPs from 1974 to 1984.
Member of the European Parliament
She was elected to represent the Wiltshire constituency from 1984 to 1994, then the new Wiltshire North and Bath constituency from 1994 to 1999 and from 1999 to 2009 served as an MEP for the South West England constituency.
In the European Parliament, she was a leading member of the Environment Committee and between 1999 and 2004 was Chairman of the Committee on the Environment, Consumer Protection and Public Health. During her chairmanship she tried to focus attention as much on Member States' performance in transposing and applying new EU laws as on the adoption of more such laws. This was during a period of very intense legislation in the area of water and air pollution, waste disposal and controls on chemicals. Jackson controlled the committee firmly but with humour – qualities very necessary when German opponents of new laws on alternative medicines attempted to control proceedings in 1995. It was noted that on 11 September 2001 Jackson's committee was the only one that did not adjourn when the news of the attacks on New York came through: Jackson argued that abrupt abandonment of the Committee's work would have been another small victory for the terrorists. Jackson has been described by Liberal Democrat MEP Chris Davies thus: "She's been here forever: a bit 'jolly hockey sticks' but firm, fair and funny."
Jackson specialised, as parliamentary rapporteur, on waste legislation. She took the Landfill Directive through the Parliament in 1997–8. In 2008 she was rapporteur on the Waste Framework Directive. Initially criticised as being too close to the waste industry lobby, Jackson managed to unite most of her opponents in support of an ambitious final text which the Council of Ministers only agreed with reluctance. This placed an obligation on Member States to achieve recycling rates of 50% by 2020, created for the Commission the possibility of putting in place waste reduction targets and cleared up the question of the status of incineration of waste as a form of "recovery" rather than "disposal".
Jackson believed that David Cameron was wrong to direct the Conservative MEPs to leave the European People's Party in 2009 because this meant a huge loss of political influence. She pointed out that the Conservatives had in fact enjoyed a high level of political independence within the EPP. She argued that the Conservatives' new position from 2009 in the "Conservatives and European Reformists group" with the Czech ODS party, the Polish Law and Justice party and a motley crew of European rightists, would mean that they would lose influence and visibility in the European Parliament at precisely the moment when the Parliament's powers were increasing. She made her views known in press articles in 2009 and Cameron feared that she might follow her husband, Robert V. Jackson, MP for Wantage (1983-2005) in abandoning the Conservative party for the Labour Party. But she remained a Conservative and the party paid tribute to her work when she left the Parliament, William Hague pointing out that Jackson was "always ahead of the curve".
She retired at the 2009 European Parliament Elections.
Subsequent career
She now works as an environmental consultant. She is a member of the Foresight Advisory Council of GDF Suez Environment and a Board member of the Institute for European Environmental Policy.
Publications
Pdf.
References
External links
Official website
1946 births
Living people
Conservative Party (UK) MEPs
Conservative Party (UK) parliamentary candidates
Alumni of St Hugh's College, Oxford
Alumni of Nuffield College, Oxford
Fellows of St Hugh's College, Oxford
People from Penzance
Politicians from Cornwall
MEPs for England 1984–1989
MEPs for England 1989–1994
MEPs for England 1994–1999
MEPs for England 1999–2004
MEPs for England 2004–2009
20th-century women MEPs for England
21st-century women MEPs for England
John Crayford (died 1547) was a Master of both Clare College, Cambridge, and University College, Oxford, England. Martyn was unusual in being a Master of colleges at both the universities of Oxford and Cambridge. He was the only Master of University College to also have been a Master at a Cambridge college.
Crayford was a Fellow at University College in the early 1520s. He was Master of Clare College, Cambridge from 1530 to 1539 and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Cambridge during 1534–36. He helped in the university's support for Henry VIII's divorce from Catherine of Aragon in 1533. From 1545 to 1547 he was Archdeacon of Berkshire.
Later he became Master of University College from 1546 until his unexpected death in August 1547, only a year later.
References
Year of birth missing
1547 deaths
16th-century English writers
16th-century male writers
16th-century scholars
16th-century English educators
Fellows of Queens' College, Cambridge
Fellows of University College, Oxford
Masters of Clare College, Cambridge
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Cambridge
Masters of University College, Oxford
English male writers
Jeffrey Paulus (born October 3, 1969) is a Canadian former semi-professional soccer player and former head coach of FC Edmonton in the Canadian Premier League.
He coached the Northern Alberta Institute of Technology men's soccer team between 2004 and 2012 and was crowned Canadian College Athletic Association National Champions in his penultimate season. Having also worked for the Canadian Soccer Association for five years, Paulus joined FC Edmonton as assistant coach and Academy technical director in 2011. He was appointed as FC Edmonton's head coach in July 2018.
Playing career
Paulus played hockey and soccer as a child. Turning his sole attention to soccer in his teens, he played for local clubs St. Andrews, Maple Leaf and Woburn. He also played and coached while serving in the military in The Maritimes before moving to Alberta.
Coaching career
Early career
Paulus joined the Northern Alberta Institute of Technology as head coach of the men's soccer program in August 2004. Paulus and his team were named Canadian College Athletic Association National Champions in October 2011. He left the position in November 2012 after eight seasons with the NAIT Ooks.
In September 2006, Paulus also joined the Canadian Soccer Association to coach national team prospects at the Prairies National Training Centre in Edmonton. He worked with players aged between 14 and 17 for five years until his departure in December 2011.
FC Edmonton
Upon his departure from the Canadian Soccer Association, Paulus joined North American Soccer League club FC Edmonton on a full-time basis. While acting as assistant coach to Colin Miller, he also worked in the Academy as technical director. When the FC Edmonton senior team ceased operations in 2017, Paulus continued to lead the club's youth section.
On July 4, 2018, Paulus was named as the head coach of FC Edmonton after the club was re-founded to compete in the Canadian Premier League. He was then made the interim general manager of FC Edmonton on November 21, 2019, replacing Jay Ball. The club also announced that he would remain as the head coach for the 2020 Canadian Premier League season. Jeff Paulus stepped down as head coach of FC Edmonton on September 21, 2020.
Personal life
Paulus was born in Scarborough, Ontario and raised in Toronto, Ontario. He graduated from Dalhousie University in 2002 with a degree in History and Sociology, and earned a Bachelor of Education from Acadia University two years later. In 2017, Paulus graduated from Athabasca University with a master's degree in Business Administration.
He served seven years in the Royal Canadian Navy and did a NATO tour to Poland onboard HMCS Halifax.
Paulus was a supporter of former North American Soccer League club the Toronto Blizzard. As a child, he would be a ball boy for the team at the Exhibition Stadium.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Manager
Northern Alberta Institute of Technology
Canadian College Athletic Association National Champions – 2011
References
Living people
Canadian soccer players
1969 births
FC Edmonton coaches
Association footballers not categorized by position
Soccer players from Toronto
Sportspeople from Scarborough, Toronto
Canadian soccer coaches
South Milford is an unincorporated community in Milford Township, LaGrange County, Indiana.
History
South Milford was laid out in 1856. South Milford lies in the southern part of Milford Township, hence the name.
Geography
South Milford is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaGrange County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The 2020 Kehoe Cup was an inter-county hurling competition in the province of Leinster and Ulster, played by six county teams.
The Kehoe Cup is ranked below the Walsh Cup. It took place between November 2019 and January 2020. were the winners.
Format
The teams are drawn into two groups of three teams. Each team plays the other teams in its group once, earning 2 points for a win and 1 for a draw. The top two teams in each group advance to the semi-finals.
Group stage
Group 1
Group 2
Knockout stage
References
Kehoe Cup
Kehoe Cup
Stephen Wood (born August 18, 1981) is an American ice hockey coach and former defenseman who was an All-American for Providence.
Career
Wood joined the ice hockey team at Providence in 2000, playing as a depth defenseman for a team that reached the Hockey East finals and earned a bid to the NCAA Tournament. He took a more prominent role as a sophomore, leading the Friars' defense in scoring for three consecutive seasons. Unfortunately, the team was only marginally successful during this period. After finishing with a sub-.500 record in 2002, Wood helped Providence keep their heads above water as an upperclassman but only just. In his final three years, the Friars went 1–6 in playoff games, losing the conference quarterfinals each season. Despite the middling results, Wood was well-regarded and named an All-American as a senior.
After graduating with a degree in business management, he signed a professional contract with the Philadelphia Flyers and began in their minor league system. He split his first full season between the AHL and ECHL, finishing the year with the Trenton Titans and helping the club win the Kelly Cup. After a second divided season, Wood began to move around and played for four different teams over a two year period. In 2008 he travelled to Europe and played two more years before retiring.
Wood's second career began shortly thereafter when he started working as an account executive for Hitachi Data Systems. After five years he joined Dell Technologies as a global account manager. In 2017, Wood left the accounting world and founded his own company, Beyond the Ice. The business provides a 7-week virtual hockey school for youth players, focusing on character building and mental aspects of the game.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
Beyond the Ice home page
1981 births
Living people
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
American men's ice hockey defensemen
Ice hockey people from Massachusetts
People from Cambridge, Massachusetts
Providence Friars men's ice hockey players
Philadelphia Phantoms players
Trenton Titans players
Peoria Rivermen (AHL) players
Alaska Aces (ECHL) players
Bridgeport Sound Tigers players
Trenton Devils players
Herning Blue Fox players
Esbjerg Energy players
Sheffield Steelers players
Oystermen's house style is an architectural style of the mid-19th century in coastal, oceanfront areas where oyster collectors lived and worked. A number of such houses are preserved in Oyster Point Historic District, a National Register of Historic Places-listed historic district on New Haven Harbor in Connecticut, a site of oyster collecting from about 1840 until 1925 when oystering was banned by the health department. Oystermen's house style includes high, windowless basements suitable for holding oysters, and also include Greek Revival style elements.
References
External links
Oyster Point Historic District, New Haven Community Trust's website version excerpting from National Register of Historic Places nomination document
Architectural styles
Architecture in Connecticut
The Hero of the Soviet Union was the highest distinction of the Soviet Union. It was awarded 12,775 times. Due to the large size of the list, it has been broken up into multiple pages.
Vali Nabievich Nabiev (ru)
Pyotr Porfirievich Naboychenko (ru)
Ivan Savelyevich Naborsky (ru)
Mikhail Alekseevich Navrotsky (ru)
Mikhail Karpovich Navrotsky (ru)
Epifan Ivanovich Nagaev (ru)
Nikolai Anisimovich Nagibin
Dmitry Vasilyevich Nagirnyak (ru)
Semyon Markovich Nagnibeda (ru)
Pimen Nikolaevich Nagovitsin (ru)
Viktor Sergeyevich Nagorny (ru)
Mikahil Petrovich Nagorny (ru)
Martiros Karapetovich Nagulyan (ru)
Daylyagay Siraevich Nagumanov (ru)
Pyotr Filippovich Nadezhdin (ru)
Fyodor Alekseevich Nadezhdin (ru)
Gerasim Martemyanovich Nadezhdin (ru)
Ivan Petrovich Nadyon (ru)
Georgy Mefodievich Nadtocheev (ru)
Ivan Ivanovich Nadtochy (ru)
Mikhail Ivanovich Naduty (ru)
Aleksandr Konstantinovich Nazarenko (ru)
Vladimir Afanasyevich Nazarenko (ru)
Dmitry Pavlovich Nazarenko (ru)
Nikolai Nikolaevich Nazarenko (ru)
Pavel Ivanovich Nazarenko (ru)
Pyotr Danilovich Nazarenko (ru)
Yakov Isaevich Nazarenko (ru)
Vladimir Zakharovich Nazarkin (ru)
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Nazarov
Aleksandr Maksimovich Nazarov (ru)
Aleksandr Petrovich Nazarov (ru)
Aleksey Prokopevich Nazarov (ru)
Aleksey Timofeevich Nazarov (ru)
Ivan Mikhailovich Nazarov (ru)
Ilya Semyonovich Nazarov (ru)
Konstantin Aleksandrovich Nazarov (ru)
Tuychi Nazarov (ru)
Klavdiya Ivanovna Nazarova
Georgy Andreevich Nazarev (ru)
Konstantin Savelevich Nazimov (ru)
Nikolai Ignatevich Nazimov (ru)
Ivan Grigorievich Nazimok (ru)
Ivan Ilyich Nazin (ru)
Vasily Mikhailovich Naydenko (ru)
Grigory Artyomovich Naydenko (ru)
Ivan Antonovich Naydenko (ru)
Nikolai Alekseevich Naydenov
Grigory Nikolaevich Naydin (ru)
Aleksandr Georgievich Nakonechikov (ru)
Anatoly Gavrilovich Nakonechny (ru)
Ján Nálepka
Vladimir Georgievich Nalivaiko (ru)
Grigory Sergeyevich Nalimov (ru)
Sergey Venediktovich Nalimov (ru)
Vladimir Vardenovich Naneyshvili (ru)
Boris Stanislavovich Narbut (ru)
Mikhail Nikolaevich Nargan (ru)
Vladimir Aleksandrovich Narzhimsky (ru)
Deonisy Silvestrovich Narutsky (ru)
Gafar Nazarovich Nasardinov (ru)
Gamal Abdel Nasser
Ivan Moiseevich Natarov (ru)
Viktor Petrovich Naumenko (ru)
Ivan Afansyevich Naumenko (ru)
Stepan Ivanovich Naumenko
Yuri Andreevich Naumenko (ru)
Aleksey Fyodorovich Naumov
Vasily Mikhailovich Naumov (ru)
Vasily Nikolaevich Naumov (ru)
Georgy Vasilyevich Naumov (ru)
Ilya Yegorovich Naumov (ru)
Kondraty Ivanovich Naumov (ru)
Mikhail Ivanovich Naumov (ru)
Nikolai Aleksandrovich Naumov (ru)
Pyotr Izotovich Naumov (ru)
Nikolai Kuzmich Naumchik (ru)
Inayat Nauruzbaev (ru)
Khamit Akhmetovich Neatbakov (ru)
Nikolai Grigorievich Nevgodovsky (ru)
Aleksandr Vasilyevich Nevdakhin (ru)
Vladimir Lavrentyevich Neverov (ru)
Andrey Ivanovich Nevzgodov (ru)
Georgy Terentyevich Nevkipely (ru)
Nikolai Timofeevich Nevpryaga (ru)
Nikolai Arsentevich Nevsky (ru)
Aleksey Ignatevich Negoda (ru)
Vasily Ivanovich Nedbaev (ru)
Anatoly Konstantinovich Nedbaylo
Ivan Makarovich Nedvizhay (ru)
Mitrofan Ivanovich Nedelin
Iosif Markovich Nedzvetsky (ru)
Leonid Vasilyevich Nedogibchenko (ru)
Viktor Leontevich Nedogovorov (ru)
Konstantin Iosifovich Nedorubov (ru)
Veniamin Georgievich Nedoshivin (ru)
Pavel Gurevich Nezhivenko (ru)
Ivan Lukich Nezhigay (ru)
Valentin Stepan Nezhnov (ru)
Kuzma Pavlovich Nezdoly (ru)
Aleksey Tarasovich Neznakin (ru)
Valentin Leonidovich Neklyudov (ru)
Aleksandr Stepanovich Nekrasov (ru)
Andrey Akimovich Nekrasov (ru)
Vasily Aleksandrovich Nekrasov (ru)
Vladimir Petrovich Nekrasov (ru)
Dmitry Fyodorovich Nekrasov (ru)
Ivan Mikhailovich Nekrasov (ru)
Leopold Borisovich Nekrasov (ru)
Nikolai Vasilyevich Nekrasov (ru)
Fyodor Gavrilovich Nelidov (ru)
Ivan Yakovlevich Nelyubin (ru)
Yakov Nikolaevich Nelyubin (ru)
Vasily Grigorievich Nelyubov (ru)
Stepan Alekseevich Nemenko (ru)
Nikolai Nikolaevich Nemirovsky (ru)
Aleksey Vladimirovich Nemkov
Ivan Andreevich Nemkov (ru)
Ivan Fyodorovich Nemkov (ru)
Akim Andreevich Nemtinov (ru)
Ivan Konstantinovich Nemudry (ru)
Ivan Spiridonovich Nemtsev (ru)
Semyon Ivanovich Nemtsev (ru)
Samson Mikhailovich Nemchenok (ru)
Vladimir Ivanovich Nemchikov (ru)
Aleksandr Mikhailovich Nemchinov (ru)
Ivan Nikolaevich Nemchinov (ru)
Mikhail Antonovich Nemchinov (ru)
Mikhail Grigorievich Nepomnyashy (ru)
Ilya Kirillovich Nepochatykh (ru)
Ivan Borisovich Nepochelovich (ru)
Pavel Markovich Nepryakhin (ru)
Vladimir Ivanovich Nesvetaylov (ru)
Timofey Yegorovich Nesgovorov (ru)
Grigory Ivanovich Nesmashny (ru)
Grigory Karpovich Nesterenko (ru)
Daniil Potapovich Nesterenko (ru)
Dmitry Akimovich Nesterenko (ru)
Ivan Maksimovich Nesterenko (ru)
Pavel Antonovich Nesterenko (ru)
Fyodor Grigorievich Nesterenko (ru)
Vladimir Fyodorovich Nesterov (sergeant) (ru)
Vladimir Fyodorovich Nesterov (general) (ru)
Ivan Naumovich Nesterov (ru)
Ivan Nesterovich Nesterov (ru)
Ivan Firsovich Nesterov (ru)
Igor Konstantinovich Nesterov (ru)
Pyotr Andreevich Nesterov (ru)
Sergey Yegorovich Nesterov (ru)
Stepan Kuzmich Nesterov (ru)
Pavel Vladimirovich Nesterovich (ru)
Nikolai Semyonovich Nesterovsky (ru)
Vasily Ulyanovich Netyosov (ru)
Erdenbek Netkaliev (ru)
Vasily Gavrilovich Netreba (ru)
Yakov Nikolaevich Neumoev (ru)
Vladimir Andreevich Neupokoev (ru)
Stepan Andreevich Neustroev
Ivan Pavlovich Neustruev (ru)
Anatoly Ivanovich Nefyodov (ru)
Vasily Fyodorovich Nefyodov (ru)
Vladimir Andreevich Nefyodov (ru)
Pyotr Prokhorovich Nefyodov (ru)
Mikhail Konstantinovich Nekhaev (ru)
Stepan Yakovlevich Nekhaenko (ru)
Daut Eredzhibovich Nekhay (ru)
Arsenty Alekseevich Nechaev (ru)
Vasily Grigorievich Nechaev (ru)
Viktor Nikolaevich Nechaev (ru)
Vyacheslav Filippovich Nechaev (ru)
Ivan Pavlovich Nechaev (ru)
Mikhail Yefimovich Nechaev (ru)
Stepan Afanasyevich Nechay (ru)
Vasily Ivanovich Nechval (ru)
Ivan Ivanovich Nechipurenko (ru)
Nikolai Gavrilovich Nechipurenko (ru)
Sergey Vasilyevich Nechipurenko (ru)
Nikolai Zakharovich Neshkov (ru)
Vasily Ivanovich Nibylitsa (ru)
Gafiyat Yarmukhametovich Nigmatullin (ru)
Filipp Trofimovich Nizhurin (ru)
Aleksandr Mikhailovich Nikandrov (ru)
Vasily Nikandrovich Nikandrov (ru)
Anna Alekseevna Nikandrova
Mikhail Ivanovich Nikanorov (ru)
Semyon Ivanovich Nikin (ru)
Vasily Lavrentyevich Nikitenko (ru)
Grigory Yevseevich Nikitenko (ru)
Nikolai Mikhailovich Nikitenko (ru)
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Nikitin (ru)
Aleksandr Semyonovich Nikitin (ru)
Aleksey Ivanovich Nikitin (ru)
Arseny Pavlovich Nikitin (ru)
Vasily Afansaievich Nikitin (ru)
Vasily Varfolomeevich Nikitin (ru)
Vasily Yegorovich Nikitin (ru)
Vasily Mikhailovich Nikitin (ru)
Viktor Petrovich Nikitin (ru)
Ivan Moiseevich Nikitin (ru)
Ivan Nikitich Nikitin (ru)
Mikhail Yegorovich Nikitin (ru)
Mikhail Fyodorovich Nikitin (ru)
Nikolai Aleksandrovich Nikitin (ru)
Nikolai Alekseevich Nikitin (ru)
Nikolai Nikitich Nikitin (ru)
Stepan Andreevich Nikitin (ru)
Fyodor Prokofievich Nikitin (ru)
Fyodor Fyodorovich Nikitin (ru)
Aleksey Timofeevich Nikitkin (ru)
Ivan Moiseevich Nikitchenko (ru)
Nikita Vasilyevich Nikitchenko (ru)
Aleksey Fyodorovich Nikiforov (ru)
Vladimir Ivanovich Nikiforov (ru)
Ivan Yakovlevich Nikiforov (ru)
Konstantin Stepanovich Nikiforov (ru)
Pyotr Pavlovich Nikiforov (ru)
Stepan Nikiforovich Nikiforov (ru)
Mikhail Dmitrievich Nikishin (ru)
Vladimir Vladimirovich Nikishov (ru)
Nikolai Tarasovich Nikovsky (ru)
Aleksandr Petrovich Nikolaev
Alexander Fyodorovich Nikolaev (ru)
Aleksey Grigorevich Nikolaev (ru)
Aleksey Mikhailovich Nikolaev (ru)
Andriyan Grigorievich Nikolaev
Vasily Nikolaevich Nikolaev (ru)
Vasily Semyonovich Nikolaev (ru)
Vladimir Nikolaevich Nikolaev (ru)
Vladimir Romanovich Nikolaev (ru)
Georgy Georgievich Nikolaev (ru)
Dmitry Semyonovich Nikolaev (ru)
Yevgeny Dmitrievich Nikolayev
Ivan Aleksandrovich Nikolaev (ru)
Ivan Nikolaevich Nikolaev (ru)
Ivan Stefanovich Nikolaev (ru)
Mikhail Arkhipovich Nikolaev (ru)
Mikhail Vasilyevich Nikolaev (ru)
Nikolai Ivanovich Nikolaev (ru)
Nikolai Mikhailovich Nikolaev (ru)
Sergey Grigorievich Nikolaev (ru)
Aleksandr Nikolaevich Nikolaenko (ru)
Vladimir Mironovich Nikolaenko (ru)
Yevgeny Makarovich Nikolaenko (ru)
Ivan Dementevich Nikolaenko (ru)
Nikolai Mefodievich Nikolaenko (ru)
Pyotr Ivanovich Nikolaenko (ru)
Roman Stepanovich Nikolaenko (ru)
Aleksandr Ignatyevich Nikolaenkov (ru)
Igor Dmitrievich Nikolaenkov (ru)
Pavel Fyodorovich Nikolenko (ru)
Stepan Mikhailovich Nikolenko (ru)
Nikolai Sergeyevich Nikolsky (ru)
Nikolai Leontyevich Nikolchuk (ru)
Timofey Ivanovich Nikonenko (ru)
Yakov Tikhonovich Nikonenko (ru)
Aleksey Vasilyevich Nikonov (ru)
Andrey Grigorievich Nikonov (ru)
Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Nikonov
Ivan Yakovlevich Nikonov (ru)
Konstantin Pavlovich Nikonov (ru)
Nikolai Andreevich Nikonov (ru)
Nikolai Pavlovich Nikonov (ru)
Yakov Vasilyevich Nikonov (ru)
Pyotr Mikhailovich Nikonorov (ru)
Dmitry Yegorovich Nikulin (ru)
Yegor Iosifovich Nikulin (ru)
Pavel Yefimovich Nikulin (ru)
Pyotr Ivanovich Nikulin (ru)
Yevdokiya Andreyevna Nikulina
Ivan Konstantinovich Nikulnikov (ru)
Sergey Fyodorovich Nilovsky (ru)
Yefim Maksimovich Nikhaev (ru)
Aleksey Petrovich Nichepurenko (ru)
Tachmamed Niyazmamedov (ru)
Vasily Lukich Novak (ru)
Terenty Fyodorovich Novak (ru)
Nikolai Petrovich Novak (ru)
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Novikov
Aleksandr Alekseevich Novikov (ru)
Aleksandr Vasilyevich Novikov (ru)
Aleksandr Yevdokimovich Novikov (ru)
Aleksandr Kirillovich Novikov (ru)
Aleksey Ivanovich Novikov (ru)
Andrey Vladimirovich Novikov (ru)
Boris Alekseevich Novikov (ru)
Vasily Vasilyevich Novikov (ru)
Vasily Zakharovich Novikov (ru)
Vasily Ivanovich Novikov (ru)
Vasily Korneevich Novikov (ru)
Vasily Mikhailovich Novikov (ru)
Vasily Sergeevich Novikov (ru)
Viktor Alekseevich Novikov (ru)
Vladimir Stepanovich Novikov (ru)
Gennady Ivanovich Novikov (ru)
Dmitry Nikolaevich Novikov (ru)
Yegor Pavlovich Novikov (ru)
Yefim Vasilyevich Novikov (ru)
Ivan Vasilyevich Novikov (ru)
Ivan Mironovich Novikov (ru)
Konstantin Afanasyevich Novikov
Kuzma Ivanovich Novikov (ru)
Mikhail Vasilyevich Novikov (ru)
Nikolai Aleksandrovich Novikov (general) (ru)
Nikolai Aleksandrovich Novikov (captain) (ru)
Nikolai Mikhailovich Novikov (sergeant) (ru)
Nikolai Mikhailovich Novikov (colonel) (ru)
Nikolai Nikitovich Novikov (ru)
Nikolai Stepanovich Novikov (ru)
Pyotr Sergeyevich Novikov (ru)
Sergey Trofimovich Novikov (ru)
Spiridon Danilovich Novikov (ru)
Stepan Yegorovich Novikov (ru)
Tit Parfyonovich Novikov (ru)
Yevgeny Gavrilovich Novitsky (ru)
Nikolai Mikhailovich Novitsky (ru)
Aleksandr Stepanovich Novichkov (ru)
Stepan Matveevich Novichkov
Pavel Fyodorovich Novodran (ru)
Ivan Ivanovich Novoshyonov (ru)
Vasily Filippovich Novozhilov (ru)
Ivan Vasilyevich Novozhilov (ru)
Lavrenty Ivanovich Novozhilov (ru)
Nikolai Vyacheslavich Novozhilov (ru)
Roman Ivanovich Novopashin (ru)
Luzma Vasilyevich Novosyolov (ru)
Lukyan Yevgenyevich Novoseltsev (ru)
Mikhail Georgievich Novoseltsev (ru)
Mikhail Ivanovich Novoseltsev (ru)
Leonid Leonidovich Novospassky (ru)
Mikhail Stepanovich Novokhatko (ru)
Mitrofan Petrovich Nogo (ru)
Stepan Zakharovich Nozhka (ru)
Boris Diominovich Nominas (ru)
Pyotr Mikhailovich Noritsyn (ru)
Ivan Andreevich Norkin (ru)
Vyacheslav Aleksandrovich Norseev (ru)
Vasily Ivanovich Nortenko (ru)
Mikhail Matveevich Noryshev (ru)
Yevdokiya Ivanovna Nosal
Aleksey Mikhailovich Noskov (ru)
Grigory Matveevich Noskov (ru)
Nikolai Ivanovich Noskov (ru)
Nikolai Mikhailovich Noskov (ru)
Aleksandr Andreevich Nosov (ru)
Aleksandr Mikhailovich Nosov (ru)
Ivan Stepanovich Nosov (ru)
Savely Vasilyevich Nosov(ru)
Aleksandr Zakharovich Nosovets (ru)
Nikolai Vasilyevich Nosulya (ru)
Boran Nsanbaev (ru)
Nadzhib Nugmanovich Nugaev (ru)
Nikolai Ilyich Nushdov (ru)
Khanpasha Nuradilov
Kazbek Beysenovich Nurshanov (ru)
Talip Latipovich Nurkaev (ru)
Zholdybay Nurlybaev (ru)
Sagadat Kozhakhmetovich Nurmagambetov
Prim Nurmanov (ru)
Satym Nurmetov (ru)
Plis Kolgeldievich Nurpeisov (ru)
Zhepasbay Nursitov (ru)
Gennady Matveevich Nyrkov (ru)
Mikhail Aleksandrovich Nyukhtikov (ru)
References
Lists of Heroes of the Soviet Union
Exploration Flight Test-1 or EFT-1 (previously known as Orion Flight Test 1 or OFT-1) was the first test flight of the crew module portion of the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle. Without a crew, it was launched on December 5, 2014, at 12:05 UTC (7:05 am EST), by a Delta IV Heavy rocket from Space Launch Complex 37B at Cape Canaveral Space Force Station.
The mission was a four-hour, two-orbit test of the Orion crew module featuring a high apogee on the second orbit and concluding with a high-energy reentry at around . This mission design corresponds to the Apollo 2/3 missions of 1966, which validated the Apollo flight control system and heat shield at re-entry conditions planned for the return from lunar missions.
NASA heavily promoted the mission, collaborating with Sesame Street and its characters to educate children about the flight test and the Orion spacecraft.
Objectives
The flight was intended to test various Orion systems, including separation events, avionics, heat shielding, parachutes, and recovery operations prior to its flight aboard the Space Launch System on the Artemis 1 mission. Artemis 1 is planned for launch no earlier than November 2022, more than seven years after EFT-1.
Vehicle assembly
EFT-1 Orion was built by Lockheed Martin. On June 22, 2012, the final welds of the EFT-1 Orion were completed at the Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, Louisiana. It was then transported to Kennedy Space Center's Operations and Checkout Building, where the remainder of the spacecraft was completed.
The Delta IV rocket was put in a vertical position on October 1, 2014, and Orion was mated with the vehicle on November 11.
Flight
The four-and-a-half-hour flight took the Orion spacecraft on two orbits of Earth. Peak altitude was approximately . The high altitude allowed the spacecraft to reach reentry speeds of up to , which exposed the heat shield to temperatures up to around .
During the flight, the crew module, a structural representation of the service module, a partial launch abort system containing only the jettison motor, and Orion-to-stage adapter were evaluated. The spacecraft remained attached to the dummy service module on the Delta IV's upper stage until re-entry began and relied on internal batteries for power rather than photovoltaic arrays, which were not contained in the structural representation. Data gathered from the test flight were analyzed by the critical design review (CDR) in April 2015.
After splashdown in the Pacific Ocean, crews from the USS Anchorage recovered the EFT-1 Orion crew vehicle. Plans were later made to outfit the capsule for an ascent abort test in 2017.
Launch attempts
Post-flight disposition of capsule
The Orion capsule used for EFT-1 is now on display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex, in the "NASA Now" exhibit.
Gallery
References
External links
Orion MPCV homepage (NASA)
EFT-1 Fact sheet (NASA)
EFT-1 Press kit (NASA)
Animation of the EFT-1 mission (NASA)
Video of the launch of EFT-1 – 5 December 2014 (NASA)
Video of the landing of the EFT-1 Orion – 5 December 2014 (NASA/U.S. Navy)
Orion GTA-1 fabrication and configuration, Delta 4 Heavy images
2014 in the United States
Orion (spacecraft)
Spacecraft launched in 2014
Spacecraft which reentered in 2014
Articles containing video clips
Test spaceflights
Spacecraft launched by Delta IV rockets
Robert Stiff (born 24 June 1960) is a Southern Rhodesia born British entrepreneur.
Early life
Robert Stiff was born in Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe) in 1960, where he was brought up by his English parents. His father Peter Stiff, an officer in the British South Africa Police until 1972, is the author of The Rain Goddess. The novel draws on Peter's experiences of counter-insurgency along the Rhodesian–South African border during the 1960s and early 1970s.
Career 1987 - 2005
Robert Stiff moved to Great Britain in 1978 and enlisted in the British Army. After leaving the army, Stiff joined Prudential Assurance in 1987, working as a senior manager for 12 years before moving into healthcare recruitment.
He joined healthcare recruitment company Ambition Recruitment Services as Sales Director in 1999, working with Penny Streeter. During his six years at the company, Stiff was instrumental in increasing his sales team's turnover from £3m to £75m per annum.
Career 2011 - 2015
In 2005 Stiff started the company Team24 and in May 2011 sold it to one of Britain's largest outsourcing firms, Capita, for a sum nearing £24m. Stiff agreed to stay on as managing director of the firm until his departure in May 2012. The firm was the winner of Fast Growth Business Awards, Family Business of the Year. Also, listed 16th in 2009 by The Sunday Times Fast Track and 15th in 2010.
Stiff is a regular motivational keynote speaker on a variety of topics, including: recruitment; management; sales; motivation; margins; the Internet; and e-commerce.
In 2012 Robert launched Hankyz – the ultimate men's accessory for the discerning man. With collections of pre-folded pocket squares/ Hankies in the world.
In 2013 he won Entrepreneur of the Year at the Insider South East Dealmakers Awards.
Career 2015 - Present
Since 2015 Robert has worked on a number of new projects, including starting a number of new businesses. All of the companies are headlining under The Galago Group
Quicktemp - A Nationwide Recruitment Specialist providing Temporary & Permanent recruitment solutions in the driving, office and education sectors.
Daksta – working across a number of technical areas including Oil and Gas, engineering, shipping and construction.
Nursdoc - In June 2015 Robert went back to his roots and launched Nursdoc – A healthcare recruitment agency working across the UK, that provides temporary, contract and permanent nurse & doctors.
Nursing Direct – In 2017 Robert launched Nursing Direct, it deals with patients with Complex health needs in their homes, in partnership with CCGs as well as direct private engagement.
Edgewater – In 2019 Robert and his team launched Edgewater, a security recruitment company that provides temporary, contract and permanent positions.
In December of 2019 Northern Recruitment Group (NRG) and Greenbean RPO was acquired by Galago Group. NRG is a staffing business that specialises in executive search and selection and Greenbean is a Recruitment Process Outsourcing model.
References
1960 births
Living people
British businesspeople
Rhodesian businesspeople
McArthur-Martin Hexadecagon Barn is a historic barn located at Bloomville in Delaware County, New York, United States. It includes the 16-sided portion of the barn, calf wing and driveway, driveway ramp with stone embankment, two round silos and a frame addition. The barn was built in 1883 and is a three-story frame structure, 100 feet in diameter.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Delaware County, New York
It meets definition of a round barn, being nearly round.
References
Round barns in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Delaware County, New York
Infrastructure completed in 1883
Buildings and structures in Delaware County, New York
Breathing Space are a band formed in 2006 by Mostly Autumn keyboardist Iain Jennings. Some of the members had played on his solo album and formed a band to tour this record. They became a full-time band in 2007 when they released their first album as a band. This was called Coming Up for Air.
Mark Rowen left the band in early 2009 and was replaced by Mostly Autumn guitarist Liam Davison, but he was then in turn replaced by Bryan Josh after playing only three live shows with the band. Bryan's appointment was only temporary and the band placed an advertisement in Classic Rock Magazine in an attempt to find a permanent replacement.
During Liam's stint with the band, they recorded their second album as a whole band which is titled Below the Radar. This was released in August 2009, with a special pre-release run of 100 copies selling out at the Cambridge Rock Festival.
It was announced in January 2010 that both Olivia Sparnenn and Bryan Josh would be leaving the band to concentrate on Mostly Autumn after the departure of lead vocalist Heather Findlay.
In July 2010, Heidi Widdop and Adam Dawson were announced as new members of the band. This new line up of the band debuted at the Cambridge Rock Festival in August 2010, and played a new song 'My Lips are too Dry'. Another new song, 'Unnatural Disaster', was played at later shows. However this new line up of the band was short-lived as after only a handful of gigs, Breathing Space decided to disband in January 2011. Heidi Widdop, Adam Dawson, Paul Teasdale and Barry Cassells, all members of the final incarnation of Breathing Space, formed a new band called Stolen Earth later that year.
Personnel
Members
Iain Jennings – keyboards, synths, backing vocals (2005-2011)
Olivia Sparnenn – lead vocals, acoustic guitars, percussion (2005-2010)
Andrew Jennings – drums (2005-2007)
Liam Davison - lead guitars, bass guitars (2005-2006, 2009)
Bryan Josh – lead guitars (2005-2006, 2009-2010)
Alex Hogg – lead guitars (2006)
Andy Smith - bass guitars (2006)
Ben Jennings – keyboards, percussion (2006-2011)
Paul Teasdale – bass guitars, backing vocals (2006-2011)
Mark Rowen – lead guitars, backing vocals (2006-2009)
Howard Sparnenn – drums (2007)
Gary 'Harry' James - drums (2007)
Barry Cassells – drums (2007-2011)
John Hart – saxophone, flute, wind synth (2007-2009)
Anne-Marie Helder - flute (2009-2010)
Adam Dawson - lead guitars, backing vocals (2010-2011)
Heidi Widdop - lead vocals, acoustic guitars, percussion (2010-2011)
Lineups
Discography
Studio
Coming Up for Air (2007)
Below the Radar (2009)
Live
Below the Radar Live (2010)
External links
Official website
British progressive rock groups
The 1966–67 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 28th season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Valerenga Ishockey won the championship.
First round
Final round
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1966 in Norwegian sport
1967 in Norwegian sport
Krishna Nanan Maharaj (; born 26 January 1939) is a British Trinidadian businessman. In 1987 he was convicted by a Florida court for the double murders of Chinese Jamaican businessmen Derrick Moo Young and Duane Moo Young, and was sentenced to death. Maharaj has always denied committing the murders, and according to the human rights organisation Reprieve, the case of Krishna Maharaj is "an epic miscarriage of justice".
On 13 September 2019, Federal Magistrate Judge Alicia M. Otazo-Reyes made a legal finding that Maharaj had proven his innocence by “clear and convincing evidence” and that “no reasonable juror could convict him”, but ruled that this was not sufficient for Maharaj to be set free.
Family
Maharaj is of Indo-Trinidadian descent and is the brother of Ramesh Maharaj, former Attorney General of Trinidad and Tobago. He is also the brother of Indra Rambachan (née Maharaj), who is the wife of National Award-winner lawyer Roopnarine Rambachan.
Charge and detention
According to the prosecution, in December 1986 Maharaj arranged a false meeting with Derrick Moo Young in the DuPont Plaza Hotel, in order to demand of Moo Young to repay money that he had fraudulently taken from Maharaj's relatives in Trinidad. Derrick Moo Young turned up at room 1215 together with his son Duane. Once inside the room, Maharaj is said to have appeared with a gun from behind a door. An argument resulted, and the father, Derrick Moo Young, was allegedly shot to death by Maharaj. The prosecution stated that the son, Duane, was then taken upstairs in the suite and shot by Maharaj.
In 1997, a Florida court overturned the death sentence. In 2001, almost 300 British politicians, church leaders and judges wrote a letter to the then Governor of Florida, Jeb Bush, asking for a retrial. The letter stated that there were "astonishing flaws" in the case against Maharaj. Among those signing the letter were Lord Goldsmith, then Attorney General for England and Wales and Northern Ireland, Lynda Clark, then Advocate General for Scotland, Charles Kennedy, then Leader of the Liberal Democrats, Ken Livingstone, then Mayor of London, and Nicholas Lyell, former Attorney General for England and Wales and Northern Ireland.
The governor denied him a retrial; Maharaj was instead re-sentenced to life imprisonment in 2002.
In 2006, the British human rights organisation Reprieve made an appeal to Governor Jeb Bush for clemency on Maharaj's behalf, pointing out that the jury had heard from none of Maharaj's alibi witnesses, who would have put him 25 miles away at the time of the murder; that the prosecution's star witness had changed his story several times; and that evidence had emerged since the trial that the murder victims were involved in money laundering and had links to drug traffickers, and that there were a number of alternative suspects with strong motives, which had not been considered at the time.
The appeal was denied.
In 2008, Reprieve made a second appeal for clemency to the then Governor of Florida, Charlie Crist, but this appeal was also denied.
On 24 April 2014, Judge William Thomas, from the 11th Judicial Circuit Court of Florida, Miami, allowed Maharaj's lawyer to present witnesses during an evidentiary hearing.
On 14 November 2014, Henry Cuervo, a former US Drug Enforcement Administration Agent, told a court that ex-hitman Jhon Jairo Velásquez Vásquez had confessed to him that Pablo Escobar had arranged the hit on the Moo Youngs. Cuervo said that Velásquez wanted to clear his conscience and had asked Cuervo to testify on his behalf. He also submitted an affidavit from Velásquez — a cartel assassin known as "Popeye" who was recently released from prison in Colombia, where he is reviled as one of the country's most infamous killers.
On 4 April 2017 the US 11th Circuit Court of Appeals granted a hearing based on evidence pointing to the involvement of Pablo Escobar's Medellín Cartel in the killings of which Maharaj has been convicted. The court said that the additional witnesses had presented "compelling" accounts that "independently corroborate one another's" and that "[a]ll five individuals' stories reflect that the Moo Youngs were killed by the cartel."
References
External links
Lester Holloway, 3 June 2012: "25 years on, Krishna Maharaj's extraordinary case will not be forgotten". Retrieved 9 July 2012
"Millionaire Briton's 15 years on Death Row", BBC News 28 March 2002: Retrieved 9 July 2012.
"Miami Briton 'should be freed'", BBC Newsnight 9 August 2007. Retrieved 9 July 2012
Ben Bryant, "British Man Imprisoned for Florida Murders ‘Framed' by Drug Lord Pablo Escobar, Ex-Hitman Claims", Vice, 14 November 2014
"Kris Maharaj", Reprieve case study
1939 births
Living people
20th-century British businesspeople
British people convicted of murder
British people imprisoned abroad
British people of Indo-Trinidadian descent
British prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
British prisoners sentenced to death
Kidnappers
People convicted of murder by Florida
Prisoners sentenced to death by Florida
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Florida
20th-century Trinidad and Tobago businesspeople
Trinidad and Tobago emigrants to the United Kingdom
Trinidad and Tobago people convicted of murder
Trinidad and Tobago people of Indian descent
Trinidad and Tobago people imprisoned abroad
Trinidad and Tobago prisoners sentenced to death
Trinidad and Tobago prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Colonel Óscar Alberto Mendoza Azurdia (4 June 1917 – 9 January 1995) was the chairman of the military junta in Guatemala from 24 October 1957 to 26 October 1957. He was later elected as Vice President on 12 September 1980 after the resignation of Francisco Villagrán. He served until the military coup of Efraín Ríos Montt in March 1982.
Military Government Junta (1957)
Colonel Óscar Mendoza Azurdia
Colonel Roberto Salazar
Colonel Gonzalo Yurrita Nova
References
Presidents of Guatemala
Vice presidents of Guatemala
People of the Guatemalan Civil War
Guatemalan generals
Leaders ousted by a coup
1917 births
1995 deaths
Bharjari Bete is a 1981 Indian Kannada-language Western action film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu, starring Ambarish, Jayamala and Shankar Nag. The supporting cast features Dinesh, Tiger Prabhakar and Vajramuni.
Cast
Ambarish
Shankar Nag
Jayamala
Swapna
Tiger Prabhakar
Pratima Devi
Vajramuni
Uma Shivakumar
Rajanand
Vasudeva Girimaji
Tiptur Siddaramaiah
Malur Sonnappa
Reception
Bharjari Bete was a box office hit.
Soundtrack
Ilayaraaja composed the music for the soundtracks with lyrics written by Chi. Udaya Shankar and R. N. Jayagopal.
References
External links
1980s Kannada-language films
1981 films
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
Films directed by Rajendra Singh Babu
Stephen Addington D.D. (9 June 1729, in Northampton, England – 6 February 1796, in Minories) was a scholarly English dissenting clergyman and teacher.
Life
He was born at Northampton, June 9, 1729, and was educated under Dr. Philip Doddridge, whose manner in the pulpit he closely followed for many years. After being admitted to preach, he removed in 1750, to Spaldwick in Huntingdonshire; where, in 1752, he married Miss Reymes of Norwich, a lady who died in 1811, at an advanced age. A few weeks after his marriage, he was called to be minister of a congregation of dissenters at Market Harborough, Leicestershire. His receiving this appointment was owing to a singular occurrence in the history of popular elections. Two candidates had appeared who divided the congregation so equally that a compromise was impossible, unless by each party giving up their favourite, and electing a third candidate, if one could be found agreeable to all. At this crisis Mr. Addington was recommended, and unanimously chosen. In this place he remained about thirty years, and became highly popular to his increasing congregation by the pious discharge of his pastoral duties, and by his conciliatory manners.
In 1758 he opened his house for the reception of pupils to fill up a vacancy in the neighbourhood of Harborough, occasioned by John Aikin's move to Warrington Academy. This scheme succeeded; and for many years he devoted nine hours each day to the instruction of his pupils, and compiled books for their improvement.
At length, in 1781 he received an invitation to become pastor of the congregation in Miles's-lane, Cannon Street; and soon after his removal there was chosen tutor of a new dissenting academy at Mile End, where he resided until his growing infirmities, occasioned by several paralytic strokes, obliged him to relinquish the charge. He continued, however, in the care of his congregation till within a few months of his decease, when, from the same cause, he was compelled to discontinue his public services. He died Feb. 6, 1796, at his house in the Minories. In London he was neither so successful nor popular as in the country; and his quitting Harborough after so long a residence appears to have displeased his friends, without adding to his usefulness among his new connections.
Works
His textbooks and other writings include the following.
A system of Arithmetic, 2 vols. 8vo.
The Rudiments of the Greek tongue, 1761, 12mo.
Eusebes to Philetus; or Letters from a Father to his Son, on a devout temper and life, 1761, 12mo.
Maxims religious and prudential, with a Sermon to young People, 12mo.
The Youth's Geographical Grammar, 1770, 8vo.
Dissertation on the religious knowledge of the ancient Jews and Patriarchs; to which is annexed a specimen of a Greek and English Concordance, 1757, 4to; which he had a design of completing, if his health and time had permitted.
He published also, partly in the country, and partly in London, some occasional funeral and other sermons; two tracts on infant baptism; a collection of psalm tunes, and another of anthems; and his most popular work, The Life of St. Paul the Apostle, 1784, 8vo.
Sources
Chalmers, Alexander. The General Biographical Dictionary: Containing an Historical and Critical Account of the Lives and Writings of the most Eminent Persons in Every Nation; Particularly the British and Irish; from the Earliest Accounts to the Present Time. new ed. rev. and enl. London: Nichols [et al.], 1812-1817. 32 vols.
External links
1729 births
1796 deaths
People from Northampton
English Christian religious leaders
Dissenting academy tutors
English non-fiction writers
Schoolteachers from Northamptonshire
18th-century Christian clergy
Burials at Bunhill Fields
English male non-fiction writers
Newport bus station, on the Isle of Wight is located at Orchard Street in Newport town centre. Recent redevelopment has seen the former 1960s-built South Street bus station demolished, to make way for a new row of shops, and the current facility built behind that site.
From April 2011, the bus station travel office has accommodated a 'Visitor Information' point, to serve as a replacement for the Tourist Information Centres, which were closed by the Isle of Wight Council to save money as a result of funding reductions from central government.
Overview
There is a network of bus lanes through Newport town centre which lead to the bus station, with the aim of speeding a bus's passage into the bus station. They are located on St James' Street and South Street, and go against the direction of flow of these otherwise one-way streets. For the rebuilding of the bus station a temporary bus lane was placed along Church Litten; this was taken out of use and resurfaced to allow regular traffic to use it once the new bus station opened.
History
Original buildings
Newport bus station was built in the 1960s facing South Street where the current shopping centre is located. For buses entering the bus station, they turned straight off South Street, and parked at one of the stands in the bus station. Buses leaving the bus station left at an exit next to Inland Revenue offices on the other side of the bus station. Prior to bus lanes being put in, all buses followed the east to west flow of traffic along this section of South Street. At the front of the bus station was an area for bus parking. Towards the back were stands for Island Explorer and Route Rouge routes. There were other stands in the middle for Newport Town services such as routes 38 and 39. Another stand was located at the back near the Inland Revenue offices, now occupied by a Next store. Shops opened out under these offices onto the bus station, one of which was the Southern Vectis travel office. Stands at the back of the bus station were covered by an overhang, rather than freestanding shelters.
Competitors refused access
As the bus station was bought along with Southern Vectis in 1986 from the National Bus Company by management, the station is owned and maintained by Southern Vectis. This was subject to controversy from the first week of bus deregulation, as the company refused to allow any of their competitors, Island Travel and Gange's Minicoaches, into the station. These companies were forced to use a bus stop outside the station, which they claimed were obscured by parked double deckers.
Southern Vectis' refusal to allow Gange's Minicoaches to use Newport bus station prompted an investigation in 1987 by the Office of Fair Trading. The first time the deregulated bus industry had come under investigation from the OFT. The OFT report, published in 1988, found Southern Vectis' behaviour to be anti-competitive, preventing smaller bus operators from establishing awareness and competing effectively. Southern Vectis was presented with an ultimatum following the report, either allow competitors to use the bus station, or face the Monopolies and Mergers Commission. The company decided that the former was preferable, and instated a programme by which competitors could use their station. At the time, Southern Vectis' relatively small competitors would have to pay an annual licence fee, insurance, and provide their timetables to Southern Vectis for the next six months, in return for the right to use and post timetables at appropriate stands in the station. The precedent was set, preventing privately owned bus stations from restricting access to competitors.
Redevelopment
The plans for redevelopment were first revealed in September 2003 for of retail space to be created on the old bus station site. Plans were finally approved almost a year later in July 2004. The approved plans were slightly different from those originally lodged, with only of retail space and a reduced number of shops.
Redevelopment started from the old bus station from summer 2005. During this time a temporary bus lane was set up alongside Church Litten with bus shelters erected in South Street Car Park. Buses set down in the bus lane, and stopped to pick up passengers at one of the three bus stands in Church Litten, lettered A, B or C.
In April 2011, following the closure of tourist information centres across the island by the Isle of Wight Council, Southern Vectis agreed to launch a new visitor information service in the main island towns. The waiting room of the bus station was refurbished to accommodate the new services. The new service was aimed at providing a replacement only for the role of providing information on tourist and travel details.
References
Transport on the Isle of Wight
Buildings and structures on the Isle of Wight
Bus stations in England
Southern Vectis
Newport, Isle of Wight
Bus wars
The extended finite element method (XFEM), is a numerical technique based on the generalized finite element method (GFEM) and the partition of unity method (PUM). It extends the classical finite element method (FEM) approach by enriching the solution space for solutions to differential equations with discontinuous functions.
History
The extended finite element method (XFEM) was developed in 1999 by Ted Belytschko and collaborators,
to help alleviate shortcomings of the finite element method and has been used to model the propagation of various discontinuities: strong (cracks) and weak (material interfaces). The idea behind XFEM is to retain most advantages of meshfree methods while alleviating their negative sides.
Rationale
The extended finite element method was developed to ease difficulties in solving problems with localized features that are not efficiently resolved by mesh refinement. One of the initial applications was the modelling of fractures in a material. In this original implementation, discontinuous basis functions are added to standard polynomial basis functions for nodes that belonged to elements that are intersected by a crack to provide a basis that included crack opening displacements. A key advantage of XFEM is that in such problems the finite element mesh does not need to be updated to track the crack path. Subsequent research has illustrated the more general use of the method for problems involving singularities, material interfaces, regular meshing of microstructural features such as voids, and other problems where a localized feature can be described by an appropriate set of basis functions.
Principle
Enriched finite element methods extend, or enrich, the
approximation space so that it is able to naturally reproduce the
challenging feature associated with the problem of interest: the
discontinuity, singularity, boundary layer, etc. It was shown that
for some problems, such an embedding of the problem's feature into the approximation
space can significantly improve convergence rates and accuracy.
Moreover, treating problems with discontinuities with eXtended
Finite Element Methods suppresses the need to mesh and remesh the
discontinuity surfaces, thus alleviating the computational costs and projection errors
associated with conventional finite element methods, at the cost of restricting the discontinuities to mesh edges.
Existing XFEM codes
There exists several research codes implementing this technique to various degrees.
GetFEM++
xfem++
openxfem++
Dynaflow
eXlibris
ngsxfem
XFEM has also been implemented in code like Altair Radioss, ASTER, Morfeo, and Abaqus. It is increasingly being adopted by other commercial finite element software, with a few plugins and actual core implementations available (ANSYS, SAMCEF, OOFELIE, etc.).
References
Numerical differential equations
Partial differential equations
Continuum mechanics
Finite element method
Mechanics
Minuscule 676 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering) α 573 (Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 344 parchment leaves (19.6 cm by 15 cm). It is dated palaeographically to the 13th century. Written in one column per page, 28 lines per page in minuscule letters. It was labelled by Scrivener as 527e.
Description
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, Book of Acts, Pauline epistles, and catholic epistles, with some lacunae (Matthew 9:36-10:22; Mark 1:21-2:1; John 1:1-22). It contains the tables of the are placed before every book, lectionary markings, incipits, (lessons), Synaxarion, Menologion, subscriptions at the end of books, Euthalian Apparatus, seven illuminations.
The Old Testament quotations are marked with inverted comma (>).
It was written by several hands.
Text
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by using the Claremont Profile Method.
History
In 1422 it was held in church of St. George in ελαρανδω (?). The manuscript was bought in 1752 by Nicholas Trimodis. It was held in Ghent.
The manuscript was acquired along with seven other manuscripts (556, 677, 678, 679, 680, 681, and 682) by the late Sir Thomas Phillips, at Middle Hill in Worcestershire. These manuscripts were in the property of Mr. Fitzroy Fenwick, then at Thirlestaine House in Cheltenham.
The manuscript is located now in Bible Museum Münster (Ms. 2).
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Textual criticism
Bible Museum Münster
References
External links
Images of Minuscule 676 at the CSNTM
Manuscripts of the Bible Museum
Greek New Testament minuscules
13th-century biblical manuscripts
Carmen Guerrero-Nakpil (née Carmen Francisco Guerrero; July 19, 1922 – July 30, 2018) was a Filipina journalist, author, historian and public servant. She was a recipient of the S.E.A. Write Award.
Early life and education
She was born in Ermita, Manila on July 19, 1922, into the Guerrero clan of that town, who were painters and poets, as well as scientists and doctors.
Her paternal grandfather was Leon Maria Guerrero, who was likewise born in Ermita, Manila. He was the younger brother of Lorenzo Guerrero, the painter and mentor to Juan Luna. Dr. Jose P. Bantug referred to Leon Ma. Guerrero as the "Father of Philippine Botany", having classified and described hundreds of Filipino medicinal plants.
Her maternal grandfather was Gabriel Beato Francisco (18 March 1850 – 19 December 1935), Tagalog writer, journalist, novelist, playwright, born in Sampalok, then a town independent of Manila. Francisco's contribution to the development of Tagalog literature lies in the novel. Chronologically considered his Cababalaghan ni P. Bravo might be regarded as the first novel to be published in Tagalog literature. (This fact appears to be unknown to students and historians of Tagalog literature, not mentioned in Inigo Ed. Regalado's Ang Pagkaunlad ng Nobelang Tagalog (1939). Secondly, Francisco was responsible for introducing the historical genre in the beginning and early development of the Tagalog novel.
Her parents were the prominent doctor Alfredo Guerrero and Filomena Francisco, who was celebrated as one of the Philippines' first female pharmacists.
She studied at St. Theresa's College, Manila and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1942.
Career
Between 1946 and 2006, she worked as either staff member, editor or editorial columnist at the Evening News, The Philippines Herald, the Manila Chronicle (where she had a daily column for 12 years), The Manila Times, Asia magazine, and Malaya, in addition to contributing lectures, essays, short stories to other publications in the Philippines and the rest of the world. She has published a total of ten books : Woman Enough, A Question of Identity, History Today, The Philippines and the Filipinos, The Rice Conspiracy (a novel), the Centennial Reader and Whatever; as well as a wildly successful autobiographical trilogy Myself, Elsewhere; Legends & Adventures; and Exeunt.
In the 1960s, she served as Chairman of the Philippine National Historical Commission and in the 1990s, the Manila Historical Commission, and director-general of the Technology Resource Center from 1975 to 1985. She was elected to the Executive Board of the UNESCO, Paris in 1983 by popular vote of the international assembly.
Personal life
Mrs. Nakpil was married to Lt. Ismaél A. Cruz in 1942 and to architect and city planner Ángel E. Nákpil in 1950 and was widowed twice. She has five children, Gemma Cruz Araneta, Ismaél G. Cruz, Ramón Guerrero Nakpil, Lisa Guerrero Nákpil, and Luis Guerrero Nákpil, two step-daughters Nina Nákpil Campos and Carmina Nákpil Dualan, numerous grandchildren and a few great-grandchildren.
Her family includes her brother, lawyer and diplomat, León María Guerrero III, best known for his translations of Rizal's two novels, Noli Me Tangere and El Filibusterismo, as well as the prize-winning work on Jose Rizal, The First Filipino: her second brother Mario X. Guerrero, was one of the country's first foreign-trained cardiologists. Other well-known Guerreros include the poet and revolutionary Fernando María Guerrero and Dr. Manuel Guerrero and Dr. Luis Guerrero, both eminent physicians. Cousin Wilfrido María Guerrero was a playwright and stage director.
Death
Nakpil died on 30 July 2018, of pneumonia, at the age of 96. She was laid to rest at the Loyola Memorial Park in Marikina, following a wake on 31 July and a funeral mass on 2 August.
References
1922 births
2018 deaths
Deaths from pneumonia in the Philippines
Filipino women historians
20th-century Filipino historians
Carmen
Filipino newspaper editors
Filipino columnists
People from Ermita
Writers from Manila
Burials at the Loyola Memorial Park
Filipino women journalists
20th-century Filipino women writers
Matachí is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Matachí. The municipality covers an area of 829.8 km².
As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 3,104, down from 3,169 as of 2005.
As of 2010, the town of Matachí had a population of 1,710. Other than the town of Matachí, the municipality had 78 localities, none of which had a population over 1,000.
Geography
Towns and villages
The municipality has 28 localities. The largest are:
References
Municipalities of Chihuahua (state)
4/73 (Sphinx) Special Observation Post Battery Royal Artillery is a surveillance and target acquisition unit of the British Army. It is part of 5th Regiment Royal Artillery and is based at Catterick Garrison in North Yorkshire.
Organisation
4/73 Battery comprises a Battery Headquarters and four Patrols Troops. It has a strength of six officers and 58 other ranks. Three troops, each consisting of a three-man headquarters and two six-man patrols, provide support to the brigades of 3rd (United Kingdom) Division and others. One troop of a three-man headquarters and one six-man patrol at high readiness to support 16 Air Assault Brigade Combat Team.
Role
Special Observers give commanders the ability to deploy a specialist force element at range, in proximity to the enemy and in all weathers, to locate and prosecute targets as required. Working as the intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition, and reconnaissance (ISTAR) asset in each of the brigades, the STA Patrols Troop are subject-matter experts on Static Covert Surveillance (SCS) and complement the reconnaissance activity conducted by other Ground Manned Reconnaissance (GMR) forces in the Brigade.
The skill set includes:
manned observation post (OPs)
real time transmission of information
comprehensive technical surveillance, through use of: long lens optics, cameras and data transfer systems, to provide imagery of evidential quality
deployment of Long Range Electro Optical (LREO) systems: covert remote cameras and sensors
initiation of the full spectrum of joint fires
conduct of battle damage assessment (BDA)
trained in Survive, Evade, Resist, Extract (SERE)
Insignia
Whilst most gunners wear a dark blue beret, since 2008 soldiers of 4/73 Battery have changed to a khaki beret to mark the close working relationship of the battery with the Honourable Artillery Company (HAC). Soldiers that have passed the Surveillance Reconnaissance Patrol selection course also wear the Special Observers badge in perpetuity on their arm in all orders of dress.
History
In early 1970s, I Corps General Support Artillery Regiment was based in the foothills of the Harz in the town of Hildesheim close to the inner German border. This included 5 Regiment RA whose role as part of the NATO General Development Plan (GDP) in the event of war, was to contribute to imposing delay on the advancing Warsaw Pact forces. Operating deep inside enemy territory, however, required specialist training only then undertaken by the Corps Patrol Unit, consisting of 21 SAS(R), 23 SAS(R) and the HAC.
By 1980, the Commanding Officer of 5th Regiment Royal Artillery, Lt Colonel A C P Stone, prepared a detailed paper setting out the case that the Regiment required special observation post soldiers. This new unit would dig underground shelters close to the inner German border and allow the advancing enemy forces to pass by them. Following this, two pairs of Gunners would emerge from each underground patrol shelter to direct the fire from the Regiment's artillery.
Thus, in 1982, the Special Observation Post Troop was founded and tasked to take on that role as part of 5th Regiment Royal Artillery (RA). The unit was stationed in Hildesheim, close to the IGB. From 1985 onward, two Special OP Troops would have guided the artillery fire of their respective parent units (5th and 32 Reg RA) from their underground shelters on the IGB.
In 1989, Captain D B Jones, suggested to his Commanding Officer, that there should only be one Special observation post organisation and that ideally it should be based back in Hildesheim near the operational deployment area. In April 1991, two troops were merged, forming 73 (Sphinx) Special OP Battery RA.
Recent deployments
The battery deployed on Operation Herrick 7 where two personnel serving with the battery were killed in separate mine strike incidents, as well as three seriously injured. During the tour the battery mounted the longest uninterrupted long-range desert patrol since World War II, living off their WMIK vehicles for seven weeks without any operational pause.
See also
148 (Meiktila) Battery Royal Artillery
Brigade Patrol Troop
Pathfinder Platoon
Stay-behind
References
External links
British Army Website
SOLDIER Magazine Mar 2014 - In Hostile Territory (p32-35)
Elite Forces
Royal Artillery batteries
Organisations based in North Yorkshire
Military units and formations established in 1982
1982 establishments in the United Kingdom
Army reconnaissance units and formations
Michael Ohnesorge (born 29 September 1983) is a German former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Career
Germany
Ohnesorge was born in Wittenberg, Saxony-Anhalt, and began his career with youth clubs FP 08 Duisburg and Hamborn 07, before stepping up to the senior game with Adler Osterfeld in 2004. He then had one year spells with SG Wattenscheid 09, FC Schalke 04 II and SV Elversberg.
Scotland
In July 2008, Ohnesorge came to Scotland, to go on trial with Clyde. He joined the squad on their pre-season tour, and scored in a game against Norwich City. After impressing during his trial period, he signed a two-year contract. He made his Clyde debut in the first league game of the 2008–09 season in August 2008, in a 1–1 draw with Greenock Morton. He had his contract terminated by mutual consent in December 2008, after making 14 appearances in all competitions.
Return to Germany
After the end of his contract leaves Scotland and signed in January 2009 with TV Jahn Hiesfeld who was named as Captain in the Niederrheinliga.
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
People from Wittenberg
German footballers
Footballers from Saxony-Anhalt
Association football defenders
Scottish Football League players
SG Wattenscheid 09 players
SV Elversberg players
FC Schalke 04 II players
Clyde F.C. players
TV Jahn Hiesfeld players
German expatriate footballers
German expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Radio Aurora Explorer (RAX) is the first National Science Foundation sponsored CubeSat mission. The RAX mission is a joint effort between SRI International in Menlo Park, California and the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, Michigan. The chief scientist at SRI International, Dr. Hasan Bahcivan, led his team at SRI to develop the payload while the chief engineer, Dr. James Cutler, led a team of students to develop the satellite bus in the Michigan Exploration Laboratory. There are currently two satellites in the RAX mission.
The RAX-1 mission, launched in November 2010, was a demonstration of the team's technological capabilities – it made great strides in CubeSat design, and was able to execute bistatic radar measurements that had never before been performed on a satellite of its size.
RAX-2 builds on this heritage by completing the scientific portion of the overall mission; it is a reflection of students learning from practical experience, and swiftly implementing new, more inventive technologies firsthand. RAX team members were able to get practical spacecraft troubleshooting experience, and applied lessons learned from RAX-1 to RAX-2, which performs the same mission concept with improved bus performance and additional operational modes. RAX-2 launched on October 28, 2011 as part of the NASA ELaNa-3 mission.
Capabilities and mission objectives
RAX is capable of carrying out scientific procedures that previously could only be done with large satellites, thanks in part to new enabling technologies. RAX's primary mission objective is to study large plasma formations in the ionosphere, the highest region of our atmosphere. These plasma instabilities can create magnetic field-aligned irregularities (FAI), which are dense plasma clouds known to disrupt communication between Earth and orbiting spacecraft. To study FAI, the RAX satellites utilize a large incoherent scatter radar located in Poker Flat, Alaska (known as PFISR). PFISR transmits powerful radio signals into the plasma instabilities, which then scatter in the FAI and are received by the orbiting RAX spacecraft. The signals are then processed by RAX's onboard computer and transmitted back to Earth for scientific analysis. Earth-based scientists have been unable to study these unique plasma formations from the ground, and RAX will serve as a key transition point between Earth and Space.
The goal of the RAX-2 mission is to enhance understanding of FAI formation so that short-term forecast models can be generated. This will aid spacecraft operators with planning their mission operations around periods of expected communication disruption. The RAX-1 mission made great strides in CubeSat design, and was able to execute bistatic radar measurements never before been performed with such a spacecraft. RAX team members applied the lessons learned from RAX-1 to the design of a second flight unit, RAX-2, which will perform the same mission concept of the first RAX that launched in November 2010, with improved bus performance and additional operational modes. Science measurements will be enhanced through interactive experiments with high power ionospheric heaters where FAI will be generated on demand.
Testing
RAX undergoes the same rigorous testing that its bigger cousins do, to meet many of the same requirements. During testing, RAX was able to successfully upload commands and receive telemetry from a host of sensors. These sensors yielded data including temperature and voltage, GPS position and velocity, spacecraft attitude (for orientation determination), and the general status of all of the RAX subsystems. The ground station software was also tested over radio links, proving that the team will be able to listen and interact with RAX remotely.
Over the course of the seventeen-month development, the team also built additional testing facilities to evaluate sensors and prototypes. An in-house Helmholtz Cage was constructed to create and simulate the changes in magnetic fields experienced by the satellite throughout its orbit over time. The cage was designed to characterize the magnetometers and run hardware-in-the-loop testing with RAX. This essentially puts the CubeSat into a virtual orbit, and allows the team to generate appropriate magnetic fields to test RAX's ability to determine how it is oriented. The Helmholtz Cage is also used to evaluate magnetic cleanliness and final integration testing.
RAX 1 Mission
Launch
RAX-1 was sent into orbit on November 19, 2010 by the United States Air Force as a payload manifested on the United States Department of Defense Space Test Program's (STP) STP-S26 mission, launched from Kodiak Launch Complex on Kodiak Island in Alaska. The rocket used for this launch was a Minotaur IV rocket developed by Orbital Sciences.
Results
The scientific payload and the majority of the bus systems performed as expected, including the GPS-based position and time subsystem, attitude determination and control, communications, and on-board processing. Unfortunately, the mission ended prematurely after approximately two months of operation due to a gradual degradation of the solar panels that ultimately resulted in a loss of power. RAX team members applied the lessons learned from RAX-1 to the design of a second flight unit, RAX-2.
RAX 2 Mission
Launch
RAX-2 launched on October 28, 2011, as a secondary payload on NASA's NPOESS Preparatory Project mission. The CubeSat launch was sponsored by NASA as part of the ElaNA-3 program. It launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California on a United Launch Alliance Delta II rocket, flying in the 7920-10 configuration. CubeSat separation occurred 98 minutes after launch, and beacons from RAX-2 were heard shortly thereafter.
References
Student satellites
CubeSats
Spacecraft launched in 2010
Spacecraft launched by Minotaur rockets
SRI International
University of Michigan
Club Deportivo Cudillero was a Spanish football team based in Cudillero, in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1950 and refounded in 2002, it held its home games at Estadio La Roja, which has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.
History
Cudillero was founded in 1950 and reformed in 2002 after disappearing in 1979.
On 10 October 2014, the club board communicated to the Royal Asturias Football Federation the club would not play the game of the round 8 of 2014–15 Tercera División against Caudal Deportivo, due to the non-payments to players and coaches. One week later, the club announced it would retire from the competition and it would be dissolved.
Club background
CD Cudillero (1950–77)
CD Marino de Cudillero (1980–92, refounded in 2014)
CD Pixueto (1994–2000)
CD Cudillero (2002–2014)
Season to season
9 seasons in Tercera División
References
External links
Unofficial website
Futbolme team profile
Defunct football clubs in Asturias
Association football clubs established in 1950
1950 establishments in Spain
Association football clubs disestablished in 2014
Spark Plug is the second album by soul jazz guitarist Melvin Sparks which was recorded for the Prestige label in 1971.
Reception
AllMusic awarded the album 3 stars stating "It's more relaxed, funky, occasionally bluesy jazz with guitar and organ to the fore, very much of a piece with the Prestige soul-jazz "house" sound circa 1970".
Track listing
All compositions by Melvin Spark except where noted.
"Who's Gonna Take the Weight" (Ronald Bell, George Brown, Robert Mickens, Claydes Charles Smith, Dennis Thomas, Richard Westfield) – 9:20
"Spark Plug" – 8:50
"Conjunction Mars" – 8:11
"Alone Together" (Howard Dietz, Arthur Schwartz) – 4:14
"Dig Dis" – 6:45
Recorded at Van Gelder Studio in Englewwod Cliffs New Jersey on March 1 (track 1) and March 8 (tracks 2-5), 1971
Personnel
Melvin Sparks – guitar
Virgil Jones – trumpet
Grover Washington, Jr. – tenor saxophone
Reggie Roberts (tracks 2-5), Leon Spencer (track 1) – organ
Idris Muhammad – drums
Bob Porter – producer
Rudy Van Gelder – engineer
References
Melvin Sparks albums
1971 albums
Prestige Records albums
Albums produced by Bob Porter (record producer)
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Charles Turnbull (25 February 1851 – 24 March 1920) was an English cricketer. He played one match for Gloucestershire in 1873.
References
1851 births
1920 deaths
English cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
Cricketers from Gloucester
The Bewitching Braid (, ) is a 1996 film directed by Cai Yuanyuan (蔡元元) and produced by Cai An'an (蔡安安 aka "Choi Unun"). It was the first film produced in Macau.
The Cai brothers hoped to make a film that showcased the territory. The production company was jointly owned by the two brothers.
The budgeting of the film, shot in 1995, was for 8,000,000 Macau patacas, with 2,000,000 patacas of that used for distribution purposes. It is an adaptation of written by Henrique de Senna Fernandes, written originally in Portuguese as A Trança Feiticeira; the English translation of this novel was published under the same English name, The Bewitching Braid, by Hong Kong University Press.
Most of the filming locations were in Portuguese Macau and Zhuhai.
The film is about a relationship between a Portuguese man and a Chinese woman. The story is set in the 1930s.
Cast
as Adozindo ()
Ning Jing as A-Leng ()
as Adozindo's father
Roberto Candeias as Florêncio ()
References
Further reading
- Published on Sohu News
External links
The source novel on Google Books (English translation published by Hong Kong University Press, 2004, translation by David Brookshaw)
Distributed in the United States by University of Chicago Press
Films shot in Macau
Zhuhai
Portuguese Macau
1996 films
Films set in the 1930s
Films shot in Guangdong
Joshua Selman Nimmak, also known as Apostle Joshua Selman is a Nigerian Gospel minister, instrumentalist, Chemical Engineer, conference speaker, and televangelist. He is the founder and Senior Pastor of the Eternity Network International (ENI).He hails from Langtang in Plateau State.
Early life and education
On 25 June 1980, Selman was born in Jos, Plateau State. He was raised in a Christian home, according to Christian tenets. Selman said in an interview at the Household of David Church, Lagos, that his maternal grandfather was the first president of Church of Christ In Nations (COCIN).
He studied chemical engineering at the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Kaduna State, Nigeria. Selman began his work as a minister of God as an undergraduate, preaching and sharing the gospel to fellow students in school with the help of his friends.
Ministry
Selman began his Christian ministry as a preacher to student congregations while in university, alongside friends, at various gatherings they got invited to. Selman afterwards founded Eternity Network International (ENI) in March 2011,in Zaria, Kaduna state, commonly called Koinonia, created to impact lives by way of worship and studying the Word of God. It is often said that Apostle Selman is a man of God who has mastered the dynamics of hosting and introducing God's presence and effortlessly demonstrating the power and potency of God's Word. Koinonia Abuja is a branch of Eternity Network International, also known as Koinonia Global, located in Abuja, Nigeria. The ministry was launched on Sunday 28th February, 2021 with the first inaugural teaching delivered by Apostle Joshua Selman.
Public recognitions
Joshua Selman was listed by YNaija in December 2018 and April 2020 as one of the 100 most influential Christian ministers in Nigeria.
References
External links
Apostle Joshua Selman Biography
Nigerian Pentecostal pastors
People from Plateau State
Nigerian writers
1980 births
Living people
People from Kaduna State
Yazlovets (; ; ; ; ) is a village in Chortkiv Raion, Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine. It is a Roman Catholic pilgrimage centre of local significance. The village belongs to the Buchach urban hromada. It lies on the Vilchivchik river, a tributary of the Strypa and is located 16 km south of Buchach and presently has around 600 inhabitants. From 1947-91, it was known as Yablunivka. Apart from the ruined fortifications, there is little sign now that in the 15th and 16th centuries this was a thriving trading centre, on major international mercantile routes between the Black Sea and Northern Europe, and host to multiple merchant families of diverse ethnicities and religions. It was an instance of a privately owned settlement, such as was Zamość in Poland. The city's square has been entirely obliterated.
History
From 1340 until the first partition of Poland (1772), Jazłowiec belonged to the Kingdom of Poland, as part of Red Ruthenia and was later absorbed within the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, before it was annexed by the Austrian Empire and returning to Poland in 1918 until the 1939 simultaneous invasion and partition of Poland by Soviet and Nazi German rule. In 1946 it was part of the Soviet Union and since 1991 it has been in Ukraine.
The earliest written record of Jazłowiec, or Yazlovets, dates from the 15th century, as the property of the Jazłowiecki szlachta family, a branch of the Buczacki family from the neighbouring town of Buczacz. In 1406 king Władysław II Jagiełło presented Jazłowiec to starosta Dziersław Konopka, who under pressure from the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, in the person of Witold Kiejstutowicz, ceded the domain to Teodoric Buczacki Jazłowiecki. According to other sources, Jazłowiec passed in 1417 into the possession of the Buczacki family. The owners of Yazlovets are noted in history for their contribution to the defence of Christendom against Turkish invasions. The fortress whose extensive remnants dominate the village, was erected in the 16th century by the Protestant Jerzy Jazłowiecki, later extended by his Catholic son, Mikołaj Jazłowiecki. From at least the 17th century, Jazłowiec had its own Jewish community which lasted until The Holocaust.
Armenian centre
During the 16th century, a stone church dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary and a monastery of the Dominican Order were built. In 1615 the Jazlowiecki family issued privileges encouraging Armenian refugees from Crimea to settle in the town, as happened in Kamieniec Podolski (now Kamianets-Podilskyi), since the community brought in increased trade and hence income to the locality. Next to the city of Lwów, Jazłowiec became temporarily the second bishopric of the Armenian community in Poland. By 1708 Jazłowiec was the centre of several different religious vicariates. There were: the Catholic church of the Nativity, the Armenian church of Saint Nicholas and the Orthodox church of Saint Elias.
1644-1659 saw the extension of the fortress by Hetman Stanisław Koniecpolski and his son, Aleksander, to whom the Sejm of 1658 granted the right of collecting customs charges for maintaining an armed garrison.
Ottoman rule
The town's prosperity lasted until 1672, when it was captured and occupied by the Ottomans for ten years, (see Polish–Ottoman War (1672–76)). It was nominally ruled by Ottomans between 1684-1699 and contested by Poles and Turks during this period. Administratively, it became a Sanjak known as "Yazlofça" in the Podolia Eyalet of the Ottoman Empire, under the nahiyahs of Yazlofça, Çortkuv and Kaşperofça. Jazłowiec returned to Poland after the Treaty of Karlowitz in 1699.
In 1718, the Pauline Fathers were invited to the town. In 1746 the town was acquired by Stanisław Poniatowski who built the extant palace on the lower ramparts of the fortress and probably used them as building material for his elegant project. For the next thirty years it was the seat of the Poniatowski family and was the place where the future and last elected monarch of the Republic of Two Nations, Stanisław August Poniatowski, spent part of his childhood. In 1766, as the then king and owner of the town, Stanisław August Poniatowski confirmed the town's rights as had been conferred earlier by his father and older brother. In 1772, the town was politically "detached" from Poland, and occupied under Austrian rule, the policies of Emperor Joseph II led to the closure of both monasteries. In 1810, the ruined Armenian church was restored and given to the town's Ukrainian community and consecrated to Saint Nicholas. The palace and its estate changed hands several times in the early part of the 19th century.
Jewish community
The nearby fortified town of Buczacz, 8 miles to the north of Jazłowiec, was an important centre of Jewish life and scholarship for four centuries or more, since 1572. Jazłowiec's own community dates its Jewish cemetery to the 18th century. Under Galicia, in 1880, the population of the town's Jews had risen to 1,642. After the conflicts and border changes of the early 20-th century, it had fallen in 1921 to 474.
In 1941 the Germans invaded the Soviet partition of Poland. A ghetto had been established in Buczacz in 1942. In November of that year, about 8,000 Jews from surrounding townships, including those from Jazłowiec, were rounded up and settled in Buccacz. On February 2, 1943, 2,000 Jews from there were executed, 500 more were killed on June 11 with one thousand exterminated on June 26 of that year. In March 1944, after the German troops had left, 800 Jews remained in the area. However, the German army later returned and murdered most of those who had emerged from their hideouts.
Marian devotion
In 1863, Krzysztof Błażowski donated his palace and estate to the Polish noblewoman, widow and mystic, Marcelina Darowska, for the establishment there of a convent for her religious order, the Congregation of the Sisters of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and a girls secondary school and other educational provision for the local population. The Sisters swiftly established the boarding school in Jazłowiec itself, for the children of wealthy families and which was attended by Darowska's own daughter, Karolina. A network of rural elementary schools was also set up. A statue of Mary the Immaculate, of Carrara marble commissioned by Darowska from Tomasz Oskar Sosnowski in Rome was completed in 1882. It was consecrated in by archbishop, now Saint Zygmunt Feliński in 1883 in the convent chapel. In 1893 the priest appointed to the Catholic parish of St. Anne in Jazłowiec and to be chaplain to the order and the school was Adam Sapieha (1867-1951), future cardinal and Archbishop of Kraków (1911-1951) and Senator of the Sejm.
In 1939, due to the great devotion elicited by it, the statue was crowned by the Cardinal Primate of Poland, August Hlond, with a crown blessed by Pope Pius XII.
More wars
During World War I Jazłowiec was heavily damaged by Russian troops in 1916. in November 1918, after the formation of the West Ukrainian People's Republic (ZUNR), Yazlovets became part of the ZUNR. Between 11 July – 13 July 1919 a three-day-long battle was fought for the town by Poles and Ukrainians locked in a fratricidal conflict, each trying to secure their statehood. The battle against units of the Ukrainian Galician Army was won by the Poles. Until the Invasion of Poland in September 1939, Jazłowiec belonged to Tarnopol Voivodeship, Poland.
To commemorate the Polish victory in 1919, the 14th Uhlan Regiment of the Polish Army, stationed in the interwar period in Lwów (Lviv), was called the 14th Regiment of Jazlowiec Uhlans. Following the 1939 Soviet Invasion of Poland, the region fell under Soviet rule with the outbreak of World War II.
In 1945, the town was downgraded to the status of a village and renamed Yablunivka, (or Yablonovka in Russian), and most of its Polish residents were forcibly deported for resettlement in the so-called Recovered Territories in Western Poland. The convent was closed by the communist invaders in 1946. Following the collapse of the Soviet Union and the emergence of independent Ukraine after half a century, its earlier Ukrainian name was restored and the convent was revived. In 1946 for security, the marble statue of the Virgin mary was moved, with the help of Soviet troops, to the new Polish boarder and thence taken to another convent of the order in Szymanów, about 20 km from the Polish capital of Warsaw, where it remains, but a faithful copy has been placed in Yazlovets.
Place of pilgrimage
After the beatification of Marcelina Darowska by Pope John Paul II in 1996, the chapel of the Sisters in Yazlovets was proclaimed a Sanctuary of Blessed Marcelina Darowska on September 1, 1999 by the Latin Rite Metropolitan of Lviv, Cardinal Marian Jaworski.
Administrative reform
Until 18 July 2020, Yazlovets belonged to Buchach Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Ternopil Oblast to three. The area of Buchach Raion was merged into Chortkiv Raion.
Places of interest
Yazlovets castle
Mid 18th-c. Palace, later in 19th-c. Jazłowiec College, élite girls secondary school and convent
Church of St. Nicholas, UGCC
Roman Catholic church, n. 1590, ruins
Ruined synagogue and 18th-c. Jewish cemetery
Notable people
Jerzy Jazłowiecki, Polish hetman
Mikołaj Gomółka, Polish composer
Stanisław Koniecpolski, voivode of Podolia and castellan of Kraków
Guillaume Le Vasseur de Beauplan, French-Polish cartographer
John III Sobieski, king of Poland who used the fortress to imprison invading military commanders
Jan Samuel Chrzanowski, Polish commander at the Battle of Trembowla
Stanisław Poniatowski (1676–1762), Masovian voivode and castellan of Kraków
Stanisław August Poniatowski, last elected Polish monarch
Baal Shem Tov (1698-1760), Cheder teacher at Yazlowets synagogue, founder of Hasidic Judaism
Julian Ursyn Niemcewicz (1757-1841), statesman, poet and dramatist frequent visitor in Jazłowiec who wrote an elegy, "Duma o Jazłowcu"
Teofil Wiśniowski (1805/6-1847) insurgent, emigrant and activist
Jan Wojciech Kuliczkowski (1810-1869), born in Jazłowiec, officer in the November Uprising, emigrant who died in London
Sadok Barącz (1814-1892), Armenian Dominican friar, historian and author of "Pamiątki jazłowieckie" (Souvenirs of Jazłowiec),
Blessed Marcelina Darowska, Polish mystic, foundress
Marcella Sembrich, alumna of the school, Polish opera singer
Adam Stefan Sapieha, Polish cardinal archbishop
Osyp Nazaruk, Ukrainian writer and politician
Karol D. Witkowski, Polish-American painter, also known as Karl Witkowski (1860-1910)
Maria Rodziewiczówna, alumna of the school, Polish writer
Konstanty Plisowski, Polish military commander in the battle for Jazłowiec
Teresa Łubieńska, Polish Underground Army officer, trustee of the 14th Jazlowiec Uhlan Regiment
Krystyna Skarbek, wayward pupil at the school, SOE operative and secret agent in WWII
Roman Vilhushynsky, Ukrainian sculptor, born in Yazlowets
Gallery
See also
Our Lady of Jazłowiec
List of Pontifically crowned images
St Andrew Bobola Church, Hammersmith
References
External links
The official site of CSIC religious order whose first headquarters was in Jazłowiec (in polish)
Borderland archive containing list of figures associated with Yazlovets.
Ruthenian Voivodeship
Tarnopol Voivodeship
Villages in Chortkiv Raion
Magdeburg rights
Shrines to the Virgin Mary
Shtetls
Galicia (Eastern Europe)
1340 establishments in Europe
1945 disestablishments in Europe
1945 disestablishments in the Soviet Union
14th-century establishments in Poland
Haft Juy Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Qods County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,924, in 799 families. The rural district has 2 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Qods County
Percutaneous transtracheal ventilation is the delivery of oxygen to the lungs through an over-the-needle catheter inserted through the skin into the trachea using a high pressure gas source is considered a form of conventional ventilation.
Percutaneous transtracheal ventilation may be mistaken for transtracheal jet ventilation, which is not considered conventional ventilation and refers to high-frequency ventilation; a low tidal volume ventilation and needs specialized ventilators only available in critical care units.
References
Mechanical ventilation
Respiratory therapy
Intensive care medicine
Emergency medicine
Chris Jannides (born 1954 in Wellington, New Zealand) is a founding dancer, choreographer and artistic director of Limbs Dances Company in Auckland, New Zealand.
This pioneering New Zealand contemporary dance company was established in June 1977 soon after Chris Jannides and Friends presented their inaugural performance as a lunchtime show in the Maidment Arts Centre at Auckland University. Soon after that show, dancer, teacher and studio owner Mary Jane O'Reilly and Jannides and Friends joined forces, collectively becoming Limbs Dance Company, with Jannides as artistic director.
The new company was hungry for input, taking classes in improvisation, classical ballet, modern dance, jazz, hatha yoga, voice and creative drama. To fund their activities, the company members taught classes in jazz, modern dance, movement for actors, improvisation, undertook commercial modelling engagements, and presented public and schools performances.
Jannides left Limbs in 1980 and moved to Sydney, Australia. After a period as a freelance choreographer and teacher, in 1988 he formed the dance-in-education company Darc Swan which he led for 15 years, building to an annual audience of around 100,000 young people.
Jannides remained with Darc Swan until exhaustion led him to relocate to the land of his father's ancestors - Greece. Spiritual rejuvenation and tranquillity was foreshortened by the offer to become Head of Dance at UNITEC where he led the programme for 9 years, again placing a high priority on the creative interests of the student. He completed an MA during his tenure at UNITEC, investigating models for the optimal career preparation of pre-professional dance artists.
During 2010 while undertaking doctoral studies in the UK, he returned to UNITEC to make a dance work commissioned as part of the 21st birthday celebrations of the dance programme.
In 2012, Jannides completed his practice-based PhD in the dance programme at the University of Chichester with a project titled 'The SocioKinetic-bodymApp, an Improvisation Tool for a Dance and Movement Practice'. His dissertation is available to download from his website.
He is currently (2014, 2015, 2016, 2017) Senior Movement Tutor for acting students at Toi Whakaari, the NZ Drama School, where he is developing the movement curriculum as well as using his doctoral research as a teaching tool for the training of both actors and dancers. He is continuing to extend aspects of his bodymAPP tools, offering workshops, conference presentations, writing poetry and reviews, and creating performance projects.
References
McNeill, Brian (1978) Limbs at Full Stretch Art New Zealand Number 11
Schultz, Marianne (2003) Phantom Limbs: Researching a New Zealand Dance Company Conference paper for Dance Rebooted: Initializing the grid. Available online at https://web.archive.org/web/20101122053823/http://www.ausdance.org.au/resources/publications/dance-rebooted-initializing-the-grid/papers/Schultz.pdf
Harris, Brent (2015) Chris Jannides: Wearing The BodymAPP April 2015 Interview available online at http://danz.org.nz/DANZ+Magazine/Chris+Jannides-+Wearing+the+BodymAPP
Jannides, Chris (2013) 'The SocioKinetic-bodymApp, an Improvisation Tool for a Dance and Movement Practice PDF copy of his dissertation is available to download at https://cjannides.wordpress.com/my-research/thesis/
1954 births
Living people
New Zealand male dancers
New Zealand choreographers
People from Wellington City
Ediacaran type preservation relates to the dominant preservational mode in the Ediacaran period, where Ediacaran organisms were preserved as casts on the surface of microbial mats.
Exceptional preservation
All but the smallest fraction of the fossil record consists of the robust skeletal matter of decayed corpses. Hence, since Ediacaran biota had soft bodies and no skeletons, their abundant preservation is surprising. The absence of burrowing creatures living in the sediments undoubtedly helped; since after the evolution of these organisms in the Cambrian, soft-bodied impressions were usually disturbed before they could fossilize.
Microbial mats
Microbial mats are areas of sediment stabilised by the presence of colonies of microbes, which secrete sticky fluids or otherwise bind the sediment particles. They appear to migrate upwards when covered by a thin layer of sediment, but this is an illusion caused by the colony's growth; individuals do not, themselves, move. If too thick a layer of sediment is deposited before they can grow or reproduce through it, parts of the colony will die, leaving behind fossils with a characteristically wrinkled "elephant skin" texture.
Most Ediacaran strata with the "elephant skin" texture characteristic of microbial mats contain fossils, and Ediacaran fossils are almost never found in beds that do not contain these microbial mats.
Although microbial mats were once widespread, the evolution of grazing organisms in the Cambrian vastly reduced their numbers, and these communities are now limited to inhospitable refugia where predators cannot survive long enough to eat them.
Fossilisation
The preservation of these fossils is one of their great fascinations to science. As soft-bodied organisms, they would normally not fossilise. Unlike later soft-bodied fossil biota (such as the Burgess Shale, or Solnhofen Limestone) the Ediacara biota is not found in a restricted environment subject to unusual local conditions: they were a global phenomenon. The processes that were operating must have been systemic and worldwide. There was something very different about the Ediacaran Period that permitted these delicate creatures to be left behind. It is thought that the fossils were preserved by virtue of rapid covering by ash or sand, trapping them against the mud or microbial mats on which they lived. However, it is more common to find Ediacaran fossils under sandy beds deposited by storms or high-energy, bottom-scraping ocean currents known as turbidites. Soft-bodied organisms today almost never fossilise during such events.
Types of preservation
Three different preservational modes are known:
Flinders-style: Such as found in Ediacara, the fossils are preserved on the underside of usually coarse grained sandstone beds;
Fermeuse-style: A subset of Flinders-style, known from deep water only. Only trace fossils and imprints of holdfast structures are preserved; the soft tissue itself has decayed (although the sediment within the holdfasts remains);
Conception-style: The fossils are preserved as an impression in an overlying bed of freshly fallen volcanic ash, often in exquisitely fine detail;
Nama-style: Fossils are preserved in three dimensions, within fine-grained beds that were deposited in single storm or mudflow events.
Hypotheses for Flinders-style preservation
Microbial mats
The presence of widespread microbial mats probably aided preservation by stabilising their impressions in the sediment below, in combination with the formation of iron sulfides and pyrite to form a "death mask" mantling the organisms.
Rapid cementation of overlying sediment
Many models suggest that overlying sediment mineralized before the underlying organism decayed, causing the un-mineralized underlying sediment to fill the void after decay.
One mode of early sediment mineralization, which accounts for the occurrence of this preservational mode into the Cambrian and its increasing scarcity thereafter, is silicification: this links the preservation of the fossils to the higher silica content of oceans before sponges, diatoms and other silica sinks became widespread.
This hypothesis struggles to account for a number of observations, particularly in the Flinders and White Sea deposits; it is therefore difficult to argue that it formed a necessary component of Ediacara type preservation.
Sediment rheology
In Flinders-style preservation, the overlying sediment always has a larger grain size than the sediment layer beneath. Because sediments with smaller grain sizes are more fluid, these can be squeezed up into a void that forms as organic material begins to decay. This model, proposed by Mary Wade in 1969, has found experimental support from cardboard-containing Death Star ice cubes.
What is preserved?
The rate of cementation of the overlying substrate, relative to the rate of decomposition of the organism, determines whether the top or bottom surface of an organism is preserved. Most disc-shaped fossils decomposed before the overlying sediment was cemented, and the ash or sand slumped in to fill the void, leaving a cast of the underside of the organism.
Conversely, quilted fossils tend to decompose after the cementation of the overlying sediment; hence their upper surfaces are preserved. Their more resistant nature is reflected in the fact that in rare occasions, quilted fossils are found within storm beds, the high-energy sedimentation not having destroyed them as it would have the less-resistant discs. Further, in some cases, the bacterial precipitation of minerals formed a "death mask", creating a mould of the organism.
References
Ediacaran life
Fossilization
Ediacaran fossil record
Corta Jaca is a figure from the Bronze level syllabus of the ballroom Samba dance, danced in closed position.
It may also be used in other dances, such as Cumbia or Balboa
Description
The basic rhythm of the figure is Sqqqqqq. The leader takes a slow step forward with right foot (heel), and then steps forward/replace/back/replace/forward/replace. Steps forward are taken with "digging" the heel. Steps forward and back may be taken slightly sideways, then the "replace" steps are with slight slide leftwards. The follower's steps are opposite.
The figure may also involve gradual rotation. It may also be commenced from either foot, or either forward or back.
See also
Corta Jaca (ballroom Maxixe)
Corta Jaca
References
Dance moves
Social dance steps
WYQS (90.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Mars Hill, North Carolina, United States. The station is owned by Western North Carolina Public Radio, Inc. (styled as "Blue Ridge Public Radio"), owner of the area's flagship public radio station, WCQS. The format is a mixture of NPR and BBC World Service programs, plus some locally sourced programming.
As well as being available via a number of low-power translators as far apart as Brevard, Bryson City, Hendersonville, and Waynesville, BPR News is carried on the second HD Radio channel for WCQS Asheville (WCQS HD2). It is also streamed live via the Blue Ridge Public Radio mobile app and on the station's website, making it available over a much wider area than its FM reach alone would allow.
History
The station went on the air as WVMH-FM in 1975; it was originally owned by Mars Hill College.
On April 12, 2005, after being purchased by Blue Ridge Public Radio, the station changed its call sign to the current WYQS and became a full repeater of WCQS. In 2008, the station broke off and began airing programming from the BBC World Service 24 hours a day. This 24-hour relay of BBC programming continued, uninterrupted, for almost a decade.
This station's transmitter was relocated to Big Knob after the Madison County, North Carolina Board of Commissioners voted to allow space to be leased on the tower there.
Relaunch as BPR News
In the spring of 2017, WCQS and its associated stations rebranded under the name "Blue Ridge Public Radio", with WCQS (and its repeaters and translators) continuing to air the established format of NPR programming and classical music. At this point WYQS became the home for a new channel, BPR News, with the aim of providing listeners with the choice of an all-speech format station in addition to the established NPR/classical format on WCQS.
The reception areas of WCQS and BPR News overlap significantly in some areas due to the topography, giving listeners a choice of FM listening from Blue Ridge Public Radio. The station also makes efforts to push uptake of its mobile app and streaming services.
Programming
Much of BPR News is a straight simulcast of the speech-based programming on WCQS, but in time slots where WQCS airs music, BPR News carries news and talk programming, providing listeners who dislike the classical format with a choice of listening.
On weekdays, following an overnight relay of the BBC World Service, NPR's Morning Edition airs from 5 to 9am, followed by the BBC's Newshour from 9 to 10am, and 1A with Joshua Johnson from 10am until noon.
Between noon and 1pm the station carries The State of Things with Frank Stasio, a live show produced daily by North Carolina Public Radio with help from Blue Ridge Public Radio. The program concentrates on topics of interest in North Carolina and is broadcast from WUNC, with regular contributions from BPR helping to provide perspective and input from the northwest corner of the state.
In the afternoons Here and Now goes out between 1 and 3pm, before BPR News rejoins WCQS from 3 to 7pm for Fresh Air with Terri Gross, All Things Considered, and Marketplace. At 7pm the station reverts to its own schedule, with some daytime shows receiving a repeat broadcast in the evenings on BPR News before the station joins the BBC World Service at 9pm.
Weekend programs include NPR's Weekend Edition and Weekend All Things Considered, along with a selection of NPR and locally produced programs such as Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!, Ask Me Another, A Prairie Home Companion, This American Life and The Splendid Table. Some weekend NPR programs are not simulcast, with WCQS and BPR News having individual programming at certain points across the weekend.
Translators
In addition to the main 90.5 signal and WCQS HD2, BPR News is heard over five translators in western North Carolina:
Notes:
References
External links
YQS
NPR member stations
1975 establishments in North Carolina
Radio stations established in 1975
Kushtiryakovo () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Kushtiryakovsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 345 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Kushtiryakovo is located 39 km southwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kuk-Tyaka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Sai Ying Pun Market () is an indoor market along Centre Street, between Second and Third Streets, in Central and Western District's Sai Ying Pun, in Hong Kong near Sai Ying Pun station.
References
External links
Sai Ying Pun
Antonio Marcello Barberini, O.F.M. Cap. (18 November 1569 – 11 September 1646) was an Italian cardinal and the younger brother of Maffeo Barberini, later Pope Urban VIII. He is sometimes referred to as Antonio the Elder to distinguish him from his nephew Antonio Barberini.
Biography
Born Marcello Barberini in Florence 1569 into the Barberini family, he entered the Order of Capuchins in 1585. In 1592 he changed his baptismal name to Antonio.
He served as a priest until the election of his brother Maffeo to the papal throne as Pope Urban VIII in 1623. He traveled to Rome with a group of Capuchin brothers to serve his brother and was elevated to cardinal in 1624.
On 26 January 1625 he was appointed Bishop of Senigallia. On 2 February 1625 he was consecrated bishop by Laudivio Zacchia, Bishop of Corneto e Montefiascone, with Antonio Díaz (bishop), Bishop of Caserta, and Lorenzo Azzolini, Bishop of Ripatransone, serving as co-consecrators. Later he was appointed Grand Inquisitor of the Roman Inquisition between 1629 and 1633, Librarian of the Holy Roman Church between 1633 and 1646 and Major Penitentiary between 1633 and 1646. He served as the Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals twice. He participated in the papal conclave of 1644 which elected his brother's successor, Pope Innocent X. After the Wars of Castro Innocent X launched an investigation into the Barberini family which forced Antonio Barberini's nephews, Francesco Barberini (Senior), Antonio Barberini (Antonio the Younger) and Prince Taddeo Barberini, into exile.
Barberini died in Rome, at the age of 77 and was buried at the Santa Maria della Concezione dei Cappuccini which he helped to found.
Episcopal succession
While bishop, he was the principal consecrator of:
References
1569 births
1646 deaths
Antonio
Clergy from Florence
17th-century Italian cardinals
Cardinal-nephews
Cardinals created by Pope Urban VIII
Inquisitors
Members of the Holy Office
Members of the Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith
Major Penitentiaries of the Apostolic Penitentiary
Capuchins
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
This is a list of notable Zimbabweans. This list includes people born in Zimbabwe, notably of Zimbabwean descent, or otherwise strongly associated to Zimbabwe.
Academics
Gordon Chavunduka (19312013), sociologist and traditional healer, Vice Chancellor of the University of Zimbabwe
Tonderai Kasu, medical doctor and Substantive Director of Health and Environmental Services for Chitungwiza
Fadzayi Mahere (born 1985), lawyer and critic of the government, independent candidate in Zimbabwean general election, 2018
Mufti Ismail ibn Musa Menk (born 1975), Muslim cleric (Ulama), Islamic proselytiser, entertainer
Artists
Coster Balakasi (born 1972), sculptor
Dominic Benhura (born 1968), sculptor
Richard Chiwasa (born 1947), sculptor
Pfungwa Dziike (born 1972), sculptor
Charles Fernando (19411995), artist
Bronson Gengezha (born 1981), sculptor
Tawanda Kanhema (born 1111/1112), photographer
Onias Mupumha, sculptor
Thakor Patel, painter
Anthony Sabuneti (born 1974), sculptor
Ronika Tandi (born 1975), sculptor
Brian Watyoka, sculptor
Businesspeople
John Bredenkamp (born 1940), founder of the Casalee Group
Phillip Chiyangwa (born 1959), founder of the Affirmative Action Group; chair of Native Africa Investments Ltd
David Hatendi (19532012), former CEO of MBCA Bank Ltd and NMB Bank Ltd, founder of Hatendi Private Equity Advisers
Strive Masiyiwa (born 1961), founder of telecommunications firm Econet Wireless and Botswana's Mascom Wireless
Mutumwa Mawere (born 1960), multi-industrialist
Paul Tangi Mhova Mkondo (19452013), insurance guru, property magnate
Trevor Ncube (born 1962), newspaper owner
Divine Ndhlukula, founder of SECURICO
Prag Lalloo Naran (19261981), multi-industrialist
Military personnel
Happyton Bonyongwe (born 1960), retired major general of the Zimbabwe National Army
Dumiso Dabengwa (19392019), former head of Zimbabwe People's Revolutionary Army (ZIPRA) intelligence
Azim Daudpota (19332017), Pakistani commander of the Air Force of Zimbabwe
Ken Flower (died 1987), head of the Central Intelligence Organisation
Ambrose Gunda (died 2007), former brigadier general
Chenjerai Hunzvi (19492001), chairman of the Zimbabwe National Liberation War Veterans Association
Alfred Nikita Mangena (19431978), commander of ZIPRA
Elson Moyo, former deputy commander of the Air Force of Zimbabwe and key figure in the 2017 Zimbabwean coup d'état
Solomon Mujuru (19452011), commander of the Zimbabwe National Army
Perrance Shiri (19552020), retired Air Chief Marshal of the Air Force of Zimbabwe
Jabulani Sibanda, former ZIPRA soldier, president of the Zimbabwe National Liberation War Veterans Association
Josiah Tongogara (19381979), commander of Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army (ZANLA)
Vitalis Zvinavashe (19432009), first commander of the Zimbabwe Defence Forces
Musicians
Politicians
Sportspeople
Cricketers
Scott Adamson (19061962), former cricketer for Rhodesia
Derek Carle (born 1973), cricketer
Shane Cloete (born 1971), cricketer
Duncan Fletcher (born 1948), former national cricket captain and former England cricket team coach
Andy Flower (born 1968), retired cricketer and captain of the Zimbabwe national cricket team
Robin Gifford (born 1974), former cricketer
Dave Hallack (born 1966), cricketer
Pommie Mbangwa (born 1976), retired cricketer, professional sports commentator
Waddington Mwayenga (born 1984), cricketer
Henry Olonga (born 1976), retired professional cricketer
Ray Price (born 1976), retired professional cricketer
Bradley Robinson (born 1975), retired professional cricketer
Heath Streak (born 1974), retired professional cricketer, head coach of the Zimbabwe national cricket team
Darren Weber (born 1972), retired professional cricketer
Footballers
Cleopas Dube (born 1990), forward
Bruce Grobbelaar (born 1957), retired professional footballer
Justice Majabvi (born 1984), professional footballer
Clement Matawu (born 1982), midfielder
Robson Muchichwa (born 1975), retired professional footballer
Peter Muduhwa (born 1993), professional footballer
Benjani Mwaruwari (born 1978), retired professional footballer
Ndabenkulu Ncube (born 1988), professional footballer
Peter Ndlovu (born 1973), retired professional footballer
Tinashe Nengomasha (born 1982), professional footballer
Esrom Nyandoro (born 1980), professional footballer
Simbarashe Sithole, forward
Conrad Whitby (born 1984), midfielder
Others
Byron Black (born 1969), retired professional tennis player
Derek Chisora (born 1983), professional heavyweight boxer, (active).
Cara Black (born 1979), professional tennis player
Wayne Black (born 1973), retired professional tennis player
Warren Carne (born 1975), cross-country mountain cyclist
Tendai Chimusasa (born 1971), retired long distance runner
Kirsty Coventry (born 1983), Olympic swimming medallist and former world record holder
Brendon de Jonge (born 1980), professional golfer on the PGA Tour
Tendai Mtawarira (born 1985), professional rugby union player
David Pocock (born 1988), Zimbabwe-born Australian rugby player
Nick Price (born 1957), professional golfer and World Golf Hall of Fame inductee
Vitalis Takawira (born 1972), retired professional footballer
Micheen Thornycroft (born 1987), Olympic rower
Kevin Ullyett (born 1972), retired professional tennis player
Writers
Tanatswa Madya born in 2009 [ anime is the best ]
M. K. Asante (born circa 1982), Zimbabwe-born American author of Buck: A Memoir
Catherine Buckle (born 1957), author of children's books and autobiographical non-fiction
NoViolet Bulawayo (born 1981), author of We Need New Names, shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize
Jacob Chikuhwa (born 1940)
Brian Chikwava (born 1972), writer and musician
Shimmer Chinodya (born 1957), novelist
Judy Croome (born 1958), writer
Tsitsi Dangarembga (born 1959), author and filmmaker
John Eppel (born 1947), writer
Petina Gappah (born 1971), writer and lawyer
Peter Godwin (born 1957), author, journalist, and documentary filmmaker
Chenjerai Hove (19562015), writer
Wiseman Magwa (born 1962), playwright
Morgan Mahanya (born 1948), writer
Onesimo Makani Kabweza (19391993), journalist and magazine editor
J. Nozipo Maraire (born 1966), writer, entrepreneur, and doctor
Dambudzo Marechera (19521987), actor
Alexander McCall Smith (born 1948), Zimbabwe-born British author of The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series
Cont Mhlanga, playwright and theatre director
Charles Mungoshi (19472019), writer
Charles Mungoshi (19472019), writer
Togara Muzanenhamo (born 1975), poet
Angus Shaw (born 1949), journalist
George Shire, scholar, political analyst, and cultural critic
Wilbur Smith (born 1933), author of historical fiction
Yvonne Vera (19642005), writer
Others
Chido Govera (born 1986), campaigner for sustainable farming
Robert Martin Gumbura, former pastor and convicted criminal
Mavis Moyo, Radio Zimbabwe (ZBC Radio 4) broadcaster
References
"Sleeping Ute" is a song by American indie rock band Grizzly Bear, and the first single from the band's fourth studio album, Shields (2012). The song features lead vocals by guitarist Daniel Rossen.
Background and recording
Along with Shields' (2012) second single, "Yet Again", "Sleeping Ute" was recorded during the band's initial recording sessions in Marfa, Texas. Vocalist and guitarist Daniel Rossen stated, "["Sleeping Ute"] was actually the oldest track in terms of when the song was written, and it's one of the only songs on the record that I wrote alone before coming to the band with it. That and "Yet Again" are the two songs that were done kind of separately from the band, a long time ago. "Ute" was one of the first songs we put down that we felt really good about."
Bassist and producer Chris Taylor stated, "I wanted the track to really open up in a way that felt very unhinged, like anything was possible. It's just one of those things: the myopic, to the kaleidoscopic, to the explosive."
References
2012 singles
Grizzly Bear (band) songs
2012 songs
Warp (record label) singles
Mark Hallett may refer to:
Mark Hallett (art historian), British art historian
Mark Hallett (artist), American illustrator specializing in paleoart
This is a list of mayors of Stavanger.
References
Former mayors - Stavanger municipality
Stavanger
The 1986 Football League Cup Final (known for sponsorship reasons as the Milk Cup) was a football match held on 20 April 1986 between Oxford United and Queens Park Rangers. Oxford won the match 3–0 to capture the League Cup – their first and only major honour. Trevor Hebberd opened the scoring in the first half, and Ray Houghton added a second. Jeremy Charles scored the third following up when John Aldridge had a shot saved by QPR goalkeeper Paul Barron. The match was played at Wembley Stadium in front of 90,396 spectators.
Because UEFA voted that the ban on English clubs in European competitions (beginning after the Heysel disaster in May 1985) would continue for a second season, Oxford United were denied a place in the 1986–87 UEFA Cup.
Route to the final
Oxford United and Queens Park Rangers were both playing in the First Division and both entered the competition at the second round stage, under the tournament format in place at the time. Oxford had never previously progressed past the quarter finals, which they reached in the 1969–70 and 1983–84 seasons. Queens Park Rangers, on the other hand, were victorious in the 1967 final where they defeated West Bromwich Albion. In the second round, Oxford defeated Northampton Town of the Fourth Division 4–1 on aggregate after two legs. The 2–1 away victory at County Cricket Ground was Oxford's first and only away win at Northampton in cup competitions.
After a third-round home win against Newcastle United, Oxford United faced Second Division side and cup holders Norwich City in the fourth round, winning 3–1. In the fifth round Oxford defeated Portsmouth 3–1, making it the third consecutive round where a 3–1 home victory was recorded. Despite the fifth-round tie, the attendance for the game was around 400 lower than the league average, after a boycott was organised due to increased ticket prices.
The semi-final against First Division Aston Villa was contested over two legs. The first at Villa Park finished 2–2, with the return leg ending in a 2–1 victory for Oxford after goals from Jeremy Charles and Les Phillips.
The London-based club began the competition against Second Division team Hull City, winning 8–1 on aggregate, including a 5–1 away victory at Boothferry Park. In the third round they beat Watford of the First Division 1–0 at Vicarage Road. The "Hoops" defeated another First Division team, Nottingham Forest, in the fourth round, but found the fifth round tougher against Chelsea. After the first match ended in a 1–1 draw at Loftus Road, the reply held at Stamford Bridge ended in a 2–0 win with goals from Alan McDonald and Michael Robinson. In the semi-finals, Queens Park Rangers took on Liverpool. QPR went through 3–2 on aggregate after a 1–0 home win was followed by a 2–2 draw at Anfield. Apart from the second-round tie against Hull City, all the teams that Queens Park Rangers defeated on their way to Wembley played in the First Division, including champions Liverpool. In contrast, Oxford United only faced two, Newcastle United and Aston Villa.
Match details
References
External links
Full League cup results history
Final line-ups
EFL Cup Finals
League Cup Final 1986
League Cup Final 1986
1985–86 Football League
April 1986 sports events in the United Kingdom
Football League Cup Final
Disappointment Lake is an Alpine lake located in the John Muir Wilderness, which is part of the Sierra Nevada mountain range. The lake is found by following the Hell for Sure Trail which continues up to Hell for Sure Lake and Hell for Sure Pass. Mount Hutton can be found approximately to the south east and Red Mountain can be found approximately to the northeast.
Nearby Lakes
Disappointment Lake is part of the Red Mountain basin of which there are a few lakes including Hell for Sure Lake, Horseshoe Lake, and Devil's Punchbowl.
See also
List of lakes in California
References
Lakes of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
is a Japanese voice actor from Tokyo, Japan working for Artepro.
Voice roles
Aqua Kids
Basilisk: The Kouga Ninja Scrolls
Digimon Savers
Elemental Gelade
Gokusen
Hellsing Ultimate - Old Tourist (Ep. 3)
Le Chevalier D'Eon
Planetarian: The Reverie of a Little Planet
The Galaxy Railways
Tokyo Majin Gakuen Kenpucho: Tou
Yoshimune
Tokusatsu
Kamen Rider Kiva - Rhinoceros Fangire (Ep. 13 - 14)
Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger - Beautiful Zoreamer (Ep. 38)
Dubbing
The Big Bang Theory – Leonard Hofstadter (Johnny Galecki)
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom (2009 WOWOW edition) – Kao Kan (Ric Young)
Overheard – Johnny Leung (Sean Lau)
Overheard 2 – Manson Lo Man-sang (Sean Lau)
References
External links
Ryūsaku Chiziwa's personal website
Japanese male voice actors
Living people
Male actors from Tokyo
20th-century Japanese male actors
21st-century Japanese male actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Edmonton Journal is a daily newspaper in Edmonton, Alberta. It is part of the Postmedia Network.
History
The Journal was founded in 1903 by three local businessmen — John Macpherson, Arthur Moore and J.W. Cunningham — as a rival to Alberta's first newspaper, the 23-year-old Edmonton Bulletin. Within a week, the Journal took over another newspaper, The Edmonton Post, and established an editorial policy supporting the Conservative Party against the Bulletins stance for the Liberal Party. In 1912, the Journal was sold to the Southam family. It remained under Southam ownership until 1996, when it was acquired by Hollinger International. The Journal was subsequently sold to Canwest in 2000, and finally came under its current ownership, Postmedia Network Inc., in 2010.
In 1905, The Journal began operating from a building on the corner of a lot on 102nd Avenue and 101st Street. Its present location at 101st Street and 100th Avenue was established in 1921, and Alberta's first radio station, CJCA, began broadcasting from the building a year later.
In 1937, the Journal came into conflict with Alberta Premier William Aberhart's attempt to pass the Accurate News and Information Act requiring newspapers to print government rebuttals to stories the provincial cabinet deemed "inaccurate." After successfully fighting the law, the Journal became the first non-American newspaper to be honoured by the Pulitzer Prize committee, receiving a special bronze plaque in 1938 for defending the freedom of the press.
After the Bulletin folded in 1951, the Journal was left as Edmonton's oldest and only remaining daily newspaper. The monopoly continued until the Edmonton Sun began publishing in 1978.
In 1982, government officials under the Combines Investigation Act entered and searched the paper's offices under the suspicion that Southam Newspapers was violating federal legislation by engaging in unfair trading and anti-competitive business practices. The Alberta Court of Appeal ruled the search inconsistent with the Charter of Rights and Freedoms, a decision the Supreme Court of Canada upheld in Hunter v Southam Inc.
Present day
Today, the Journal publishes six days a week, with regular sections including News (city, Canada, and world), Sports, Opinion, A&E, Life, and Business. The newspaper participated in the Critics and Awards Program for High School Students (Cappies),, now called the Alberta Youth Theatre Collective, and has partnerships with a number of arts organizations in Edmonton, including the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra and the Alberta Ballet Company. It also supports community events such as the Canspell National Spelling Bee.
The Journal has also begun operating under a new commitment to digital media in addition to traditional print.
Circulation
The Edmonton Journal has seen like most Canadian daily newspapers a decline in circulation. Its total circulation dropped by percent to 92,542 copies daily from 2009 to 2015.Daily average'
See also
List of newspapers in Canada
References
External links
Historical
Columnists
Blogs
Newspapers published in Edmonton
Publications established in 1903
Daily newspapers published in Alberta
Kellen Boswell Winslow Sr. (born November 5, 1957) is an American former professional football player in the National Football League (NFL). A member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame (1995), he is widely recognized as one of the greatest tight ends in the league's history. Winslow played his entire NFL career from 1979 to 1987 with the San Diego Chargers after being selected in the first round of the 1979 NFL Draft. He played college football for the University of Missouri, where he was a consensus All-American. He was also inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame (2002).
Winslow is the former director of athletics at Florida A&M University. He has previously held administrative roles at Central State University where he was a athletic director and vice president for athletics and wellness at Lakeland College.
Early years
Winslow attended East St. Louis Senior High School and did not play high school football until his senior year. Until then, he was a self-described "nerd" who played chess. In college, Winslow played for the Missouri Tigers, and was a two-time all-conference selection in the Big Eight and a consensus All-American in 1978. He led the Big Eight in touchdown receptions in both 1977 and 1978, catching three and six respectively. He finished his college career with 71 receptions for 1,089 yards and 10 touchdowns.
Professional career
Winslow was drafted in the first round of the 1979 NFL Draft by the Chargers, with the #13 pick. Winslow played for them his entire career, when he retired in 1987 due to injury. After a knee injury prematurely ended his rookie season, Winslow, as part of Air Coryell, led the NFL in receptions in 1980 and 1981, becoming the second tight end ever to lead the league in receptions in back to back seasons. His 89 catches in 1980 was an NFL record for tight ends, breaking the previous mark of 75 held by Mike Ditka. He also exceeded the 1,000 yards receiving milestone in 3 seasons, including setting an NFL single season record for receiving yards by a tight end with 1,290 yards in the 1980 season. The record stood until Rob Gronkowski totaled 1,327 yards in 2011. In a 1981 regular season game, Winslow tied an NFL record by catching five touchdown passes.
In a 1981–82 playoff game against the Miami Dolphins that became known as The Epic in Miami, Winslow caught a playoff record 13 passes for 166 yards and a touchdown, while also blocking a field goal with seconds remaining to send the game to overtime in one of the greatest single player efforts in NFL history. Winslow's yardage total stood as the playoff record for tight ends for 30 years until Vernon Davis's 180 yards in 2012. What made Winslow's performance all the more memorable was that fact during the game he was treated for a pinched nerve in his shoulder, dehydration, severe cramps, and received three stitches in his lower lip. After the game, a picture of Winslow being helped off the field by his teammates became an enduring image in NFL lore.
Tight ends prior to Winslow were primarily blockers lined up next to an offensive lineman and ran short to medium drag routes. Winslow was put in motion so he would not be jammed at the line, or he was lined up wide or in the slot against a smaller cornerback. Former Chargers assistant coach Al Saunders said Winslow was "a wide receiver in an offensive lineman's body." Chargers head coach Don Coryell said, "If we're asking Kellen to block a defensive end and not catch passes, I'm not a very good coach." Back then, defenses would cover Winslow with a strong safety or a linebacker, as zone defenses were not as popular. Strong safeties in those times were almost like another linebacker, a run defender who could not cover a tight end as fast as Winslow. Providing another defender to help the strong safety opened up other holes. Former head coach Jon Gruden called Winslow the first "joker" in the NFL. He would line up unpredictably in any formation from a three point blocking stance to a two point receiver's stance, to being in motion like a flanker or an offensive back. Head coach Bill Belichick notes that the pass-catching tight ends who get paid the most money are "all direct descendants of Kellen Winslow" and that there are fewer tight ends now who can block on the line.
Winslow was off of to a record setting receiving pace in 1984 in terms of receptions, accumulating 55 catches in only seven games. On October 21, 1984, in the Chargers's seventh game of season against the Los Angeles Raiders, having already caught 8 passes for 107 yards, Winslow suffered a severe right knee injury while making his 55th reception of the season. Winslow knee twisted while being tacked by Raiders linebacker Jeff Barnes. Dr. Gary Losse, who performed surgery on Winslow's knee for over two hours, later said that Winslow's knee looked like "spaghetti....like a couple of mop ends". Dr. Losse also said "The ligaments had almost an explosion-like appearance, it was a very, very severe knee injury." Winslow came back in the middle of the 1985 season, but was never again close to being the dominant player he had been. He retired after the 1987 season.
Winslow played in five Pro Bowls, was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1995, and the College Football Hall of Fame in 2002. In his nine NFL seasons, Winslow caught 541 passes for 6,741 yards and 45 touchdowns. Kellen was a consensus All-Pro in 1980, 1981, and 1982. He is also a member of the NFL's 75th Anniversary All-Time Team. He was the San Diego Chargers' honorary captain at Super Bowl XXIX, and one of seven participants in the game's pregame coin toss, joining fellow 75th Anniversary Team members Otto Graham, Mean Joe Greene, Ray Nitschke, and Gale Sayers, as well as fellow PFHOF Class of 1995 members Steve Largent, then a U.S. Congressman, and Lee Roy Selmon. Winslow worked as a college football announcer with Fox Sports Net. In 2008, he was appointed the athletic director of Central State University in Ohio.
In 1999, he was ranked number 73 on The Sporting News' list of the 100 greatest football players of all time.
Personal life
Winslow is the father of Justin Winslow and Kellen Winslow II, who also played tight end in the NFL. Kellen II was drafted in the first round of the 2004 NFL Draft by the Cleveland Browns, the team the Chargers traded with to draft the elder Winslow in 1979. On October 17, 2006, Justin died, although no cause of death was reported; he was 23 years of age and was found unconscious by his mother.
Kellen Winslow II was convicted of multiple rape and sexual assault charges against five women. Winslow II was sentenced to 14 years in prison on March 3, 2021.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
African-American college athletic directors in the United States
African-American players of American football
All-American college football players
American Conference Pro Bowl players
American football tight ends
Central State Marauders athletic directors
College Football Hall of Fame inductees
Florida A&M Rattlers and Lady Rattlers athletic directors
Lakeland Muskies athletic directors
Missouri Tigers football players
People from St. Clair County, Illinois
Players of American football from Illinois
Pro Football Hall of Fame inductees
San Diego Chargers players
Players of American football from St. Louis
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Oort–Entropy is an album by bassist Barry Guy. It was recorded in May and July, 2004, at SWR Studio in Baden-Baden, Germany, and was released in 2005 by Intakt Records. On the album, which features a three-part composition by Guy, he plays bass and conducts members of his New Orchestra: Evan Parker and Mats Gustafsson on saxophone, Hans Koch on bass clarinet, Herb Robertson on trumpet, Johannes Bauer on trombone, Per Åke Holmlander on tuba, Agustí Fernández on piano, and Paul Lytton and Raymond Strid on percussion. Oort–Entropy is the group's second recording, following 2001's Inscape–Tableaux.
Reception
The authors of the Penguin Guide to Jazz Recordings awarded the album 4 stars, and stated that the "combination of written passages with improvisations has rarely been as well executed as in this piece... The music... has a strange and evanescent quality, working in shifting masses of sound that sometimes resolve into identifiable themes or lines but which more often remain distinct and separate."
Writing for All About Jazz, Glenn Astarita commented: "this release signifies an autonomous union of like-minded spirits where shape and form play a significant role in the artists' numerous improvisational exercises.... With mystical attributes, mind-blowing aural affects, and feverish soloing maneuvers, Oort-Entropy will most assuredly find itself on quite a few annual top ten lists as we close out 2005!" In a separate AAJ review, Derek Taylor wrote: "Guy constructs each section with dynamic schemes and structures in mind, regularly parsing the band into various subdivisions of duo, trio and larger to get the job done. Grand skyward sweeps fluctuate with detailed ground-scale gestures to create a whole that refuses to view the orchestra as a single monolithic body... they constitute an aural abstract that effectively encapsulates the cosmic connotations and of the phenomena named in the disc's title."
Writer Andrey Henkin praised the album's front line of horns, calling it "the most stimulating... in recent memory." He noted that, in comparison with the seven section structure of Inscape–Tableaux, Oort–Entropy "has three, allowing for more exposition within sections. And overall the time is almost 15 minutes less, making succinctness within expansion a necessary feature, masterfully accomplished."
One Final Note's Jay Collins called the album "thrilling," and remarked: "mixing Guy's captivating compositional style with big guns... is a rather potent recipe for success. And boy does it ever work."
Track listing
Composed by Barry Guy.
"Part I" – 18:36
"Part II" – 18:22
"Part III" – 14:08
Personnel
Barry Guy – director, bass
Evan Parker – soprano saxophone, tenor saxophone
Mats Gustafsson – baritone saxophone, reeds
Hans Koch – bass clarinet
Herb Robertson – trumpet, flugelhorn
Johannes Bauer – trombone
Per Åke Holmlander – tuba
Agustí Fernández – piano
Paul Lytton – percussion
Raymond Strid – percussion
References
2005 albums
Barry Guy albums
Intakt Records albums
Joseph Randolph Cockerill (January 2, 1818 – October 23, 1875) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1857 to 1859.
Early life
Joseph R. Cockerill was born in Loudoun County, Virginia, January 2, 1818. He attended the public schools. Cockerill moved to Scott Township, Adams County, Ohio, in 1837 and settled in Youngsville. He taught school. He became County surveyor in 1840. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1851 and began the practice of law in West Union, Ohio. He served as clerk of the court of common pleas. He served as member of the State house of representatives in 1853 and 1854. Cockerill was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1857 – March 4, 1859). He was a delegate to the Charleston Convention.
American Civil War service
Cockerill entered the Union Army during the American Civil War and served as colonel of the 70th Ohio Infantry, December 20, 1861. Except for the periods between August 21, 1863, and September 19, 1863, and January 28, 1864, and March 11, 1864, he exercised brigade command in the Army of the Tennessee from October 26, 1862, to April 13, 1864. He resigned his commission on April 13, 1864.
On March 18, 1867, President Andrew Johnson nominated Cockerill for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general of volunteers to rank from March 13, 1865, and the United States Senate confirmed the appointment on March 28, 1867.
Later life
After the Civil War, Joseph Cockerill was again a member of the Ohio house of representatives, 1868-1871. He lost election for Ohio State Auditor in 1871.
Joseph R. Cockerill died in West Union, Ohio, October 23, 1875. He was interred in Old West Union Cemetery, West Union.
Notes
References
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher, Civil War High Commands. Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2001. .
1818 births
1875 deaths
People from West Union, Ohio
People from Loudoun County, Virginia
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Union Army generals
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Ohio lawyers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
The Norwegian Bowling Federation (NBF) () is the national body responsible for the management and promotion of bowling in Norway. It is affiliated with the International Bowling Federation. The president is Marie Paulsson Berg, and the vice president is Halgeir Ludvigsen. The headquarters are in Oslo.
External links
Ten-pin bowling in Norway
Mary Jenkinson, Countess of Liverpool (; 24 June 1777 – 18 October 1846) was the second wife of Robert Jenkinson, 2nd Earl of Liverpool who served as Prime Minister from 1812 to 1827.
Biography
Mary Chester was born on 24 June 1777, the daughter of Charles Bagot Chester and Catherine Legge. She had three brothers and one sister.Her father was the son of Sir Walter Bagot, Bt and the brother of the first Lord Bagot. Born Charles Bagot, her father took the additional surname Chester in 1755 on inheriting Chicheley Hall, Buckinghamshire from his cousin, Sir Charles Bagot Chester, Bt.Her mother was the granddaughter of William Legge, 1st Earl of Dartmouth.
In 1815 Mary Chester was granted a grace and favour apartment at Hampton Court Palace, where her elder sister Catherine Chester had been a resident since 1808. By this time Mary had become the close friend and companion of Louisa, Countess of Liverpool, the wife of the prime minister, Robert Jenkinson, Earl of Liverpool.
Louisa died after a long illness in June 1821 aged 54. The following year, on 24 September 1822, Lord Liverpool was married to Mary Chester at Hampton Court by the Lord Bishop of London. Miss Mary Chester, aged 45 at the time, then became the Countess of Liverpool. Lord Liverpool had been grief-stricken at Louisa's death, and his re-marriage to her long-time friend was seen as proof of his need for a 'peaceful domestic refuge', with Louisa's sister, Lady Erne, describing Mary as 'a person of more than ordinary merit'.
Liverpool began to suffer from ill-health, and finally retired as prime minister in April 1827, after having a severe stroke two months earlier. After this, he and Mary remained at their country house at Coombe, Surrey. Here his conditioned remained poor, and he died on 4 December 1828 in the presence of Mary. Having died childless, he was succeeded as Earl of Liverpool by his younger half-brother Charles.
In 1829 Mary, now known as the Dowager Countess of Liverpool, bought Norbiton Hall near Kingston upon Thames from Charles Pallmer MP. Here she lived, along with Robert Henry Jenkinson, her late husband's cousin. Mary died on the 18 October 1846, aged 69 years, at Norbiton Hall. She had been suffering from heart disease for a number of years. She was buried at All Saints Church, Kingston upon Thames, on 24 October.
References
Bibliography
Burke's Peerage and Baronetage, 1999, 106th edition
Burke's Peerage and Baronetage, 2003, 107th edition
Accessed 27 March 2020
Accessed 27 March 2020
Accessed 25 March 2020
1777 births
1846 deaths
Spouses of prime ministers of the United Kingdom
Burials at All Saints Church, Kingston upon Thames
Liverpool
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1991 season.
Overview
Municipal Constructions won the championship.
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
Lys Gracieux (, foaled 18 January 2014) is a champion Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse. As a two-year-old in 2016 she showed top-class form, winning two of her four starts (including the Artemis Stakes) and finished second in the Hanshin Juvenile Fillies. In the following year she failed to win but was placed in several major races including the Oka Sho and the Shuka Sho. As a four-year-old she won the Tokyo Shimbun Hai and the Queen Elizabeth II Cup as well as running second in the Victoria Mile and the Hong Kong Vase and was awarded the JRA Award for Best Older Filly or Mare. In 2019 she had her most successful season as she took the Takarazuka Kinen in Japan and the Cox Plate in Australia before ending her track career with a victory in the Arima Kinen. She was the 2019 Japanese Horse of the Year and 2019 Best Older Filly or Mare. Lys Gracieux is one of the three highest earning racehorses in the world among the racehorses born in 2014, along with Thundersnow and Enable.
Background
Lys Gracieux is a dark bay or brown mare with a white blaze and a white sock on her left hind leg bred in Japan by Northern Farm. During her racing career she was trained by Yoshito Yahagi and raced in the green, white and red colours of the Northern Farm affiliate U Carrot Farm.
She was from the seventh crop of foals sired by Heart's Cry a horse whose wins included the Arima Kinen and the Dubai Sheema Classic. His other foals have included Admire Rakti, Just A Way and Suave Richard. Lys Gracieux's dam, Liliside showed high-class form on the track in France, winning five of her eleven starts including four Listed races. She was descended from the French broodmare Doublure whose other descendants have included Greek Money, Shirley Heights, Pentire and Divine Proportions.
Racing career
2016: two-year-old season
Lys Gracieux began her racing career by finishing second to the colt Root Directory in a contest for previously unraced juveniles over 1600 metres at Niigata Racecourse on 27 August. Two weeks later at Hanshin Racecourse she recorded her first success when she won a maiden race over an 1800 metres in a record time of 1:46.2. On 29 October she was stepped up in class for the Grade 3 Artemis Stakes over 1600 metres at Tokyo Racecourse and started the 7/5 against seventeen opponents. Ridden by the veteran Yutaka Take she won by half a length from Flawless Magic. She was then moved up to the highest level for the Grade 1 Hanshin Juvenile Fillies on 11 December. After racing towards the rear of the eighteen-runner field she produced a strong late charge but was unable to reel in the favourite Soul Stirring and finished second, beaten one and a quarter length by the winner.
In the official Japanese ratings for 2016, Lys Gracieux was rated the second-best two-year-old filly, three pounds behind Soul Stirring.
2017: three-year-old season
On her first appearance as a three-year-old Lys Gracieux ran third behind Soul Stirring and Miss Panthere in the Tulip Sho over 1600 metres at Hanshin on 4 March. In the Grade 1 Oka Sho over the same course and distance five weeks later she produced a sustained challenge in the straight and finished second, beaten half a length by the 40/1 outsider Reine Minoru with Soul Stirring in third place. When moved up in trip for the Yushun Himba at Tokyo on 21 May she came from well off the pace to come home fifth of the eighteen runners behind Soul Stirring.
After a break of almost four months Lys Gracieux returned to the track in September and finished third to Rabbit Run in the Grade 2 Rose Stakes over 1800 metres at Hanshin. In the Grade 1 Shuka Sho a month later the filly produced her customary late charge, caught the leader Mozu Katchan 50 metres from the finish but was overtaken by the fast-finishing Deirdre in the final strides. On her final run of the year Lys Gracieux came home eighth behind Mozu Katchan in the Queen Elizabeth II Cup at Kyoto Racecourse on 12 November.
2018: four-year-old season
Lys Gracieux began her third campaign in the Grade 3 Tokyo Shimbun Hai over 1600 metres on 4 February in which she started the 4.5/1 third choice in the betting behind Daiwa Cagney and Greater London. Ridden by Take she recorded her first win in sixteen months as she won by a length from the four-year-old colt Satono Ares (Asahi Hai Futurity Stakes). In April she started favourite for the Grade 2 Hanshin Himba Stakes but in a closely contested finish she ran third place, beaten a head and a neck by Miss Panthere and Red Avancer. In the Grade 1 Victoria Mile at Tokyo on 13 May the filly went off the 3.3/1 favourite but despite making rapid progress in the straight she failed by a nose to catch the outsider Jour Polaire. In the Yasuda Kinen over the same course and distance on 3 June she made little impact and came home eighth of the sixteen runners behind Mozu Ascot, beaten five and a half lengths by the winner.
On her return from a five-month break Lys Gracieux finished second by a neck to Deirdre in the Fuchu Himba Stakes over 1800 metres at Tokyo on 13 October. Four weeks after her defeat in Tokyo the filly was partnered by João Moreira when she made her second attempt to win the Queen Elizabeth II Cup and started the 2.7/1 third choice in the betting behind Mozu Katchan and Normcore (Shion Stakes) while the other fourteen entrants included Cantabile (Rose Stakes), Miss Panthere and Admire Lead (2017 Victoria Mile). Lys Gracieux race in mid-division before switching to the outside in the final turn and produced a sustained run in the straight to run down the front-running Crocosmia and win by a neck. Moreira commented "Today was her day. We were in a good position, two off the fence, and she had plenty left in the tank after angling out at the last turn. Under pressure, she responded very well and I had every confidence from the 300 meter point that we were going to win. She's a real champion."
Lys Gracieux ended her season with a trip to Hong Kong to contest the Hong Kong Vase over 2400 metres at Sha Tin Racecourse on 9 December. With Moreira in the saddle she raced towards the rear of the field before launching a strong run on the outside in the straight. She gained the advantage in the last 200 metres but was overtaken in the final strides and beaten a neck by the locally trained Exultant.
In January 2019 Lys Gracieux was named Best Older Filly or Mare at the JRA Awards for 2018 taking 265 of the 276 votes.
2019: five-year-old season
On her first run as a five-year-old in the Grade 2 Kinko Sho over 2000 metres at Chukyo Racecourse on 10 March she started at odds of 7.7/1 in a thirteen-runner field and finished second to the four-year-old colt Danon Premium. For her next run the mare was sent to Hong Kong for the second time to contest the Queen Elizabeth II Cup over 2000 metres at Sha Tin. Ridden by Oisin Murphy she was restrained in mid-division before making progress in the straight and came home third behind Win Bright and Exultant, beaten a length by the winner. On her return to Japan she was one of twelve horses to contest the 60th running of the Takarazuka Kinen over 2200 metres at Hanshin on 23 June. She was partnered by Damian Lane and went off the 4.4/1 third choice in the betting behind Kiseki (2017 Kikuka Sho) and Rey de Oro, while the other contenders included Al Ain, Suave Richard and Makahiki. After racing in second place behind the front-running Kiseki, Lys Gracieux challenged the favourite in the straight, gained the advantage 200 metres from the finish and drew away in the closing stages to win by three lengths. Lane commented "She broke well and I thought I might as well use that to my advantage. I was very confident turning in that she had plenty left in the tank and I was worried that there were a lot of good horses chasing and I thought that they would challenge but she was just too strong".
In the autumn of 2019 Lys Gracieux was sent to Australia to contest the Cox Plate over 2,040 metres at Moonee Valley on 26 October. She was given a special exemption to compete as horses who had raced in Hong Kong were banned from entering Australia unless they had spent at least 180 days in a third country in the interim, after the Australian Government raised concerns over China's biosecurity regulations. With Lane again in the saddle she was made the 6/4 favourite against thirteen opponents including Mystic Journey, Castelvecchio (Champagne Stakes (ATC)), Magic Wand (runner-up in the Irish Champion Stakes), Avilius, Danceteria (Bayerisches Zuchtrennen), Verry Elleegant, Cape of Good Hope (Caulfield Stakes) and Kings Will Dream (Turnbull Stakes). Lys Gracieux raced towards the rear before beginning to make rapid progress on the outside approaching the final turn. She overhauled the three-year-old Castelvecchio 70 metres from the finish and kept on well to win by one and a half lengths. After the race Yoshito Yahagi said "I was confident beforehand as she has thrived since she arrived in Australia and was in even better form than when she was in Japan. I've been wanting to win this race for many years, ever since I saw Kingston Town win in 1982... I thought she was not going to make it, but Damian is a top jockey and Lys Gracieux is a very good horse. We will aim her at the Arima Kinen".
As Yahagi had suggested, Lys Gracieux ended her season in the Arima Kinen over 2500 metres at Nakayama on 22 December. Ridden by Lane she went off the 5.7/1 second favourite behind Almond Eye in a sixteen-runner field which also included Saturnalia, World Premiere, Suave Richard, Fierement, Kiseki, Rey de Oro, Cheval Grand and Al Ain. Lane settled the mare on the inside rail towards the rear of the field as Aerolithe set a fast pace, and then switched to the outside in the straight. Lys Gracieux accelerated into the lead just inside the last 200 metres and drew right away from her opponents to win easily by five lengths. Lane said "I just had so much confidence in this horse... I just knew she was going to run a big race. It was a really good pace and I found a lovely spot back in the rail... a space opened up and she did the rest".
In January 2020 Lys Gracieux was awarded the title of Japanese Horse of the Year, receiving 271 of the 274 votes as well as winning the JRA Award for Best Older Filly or Mare for the second time. In the 2019 World's Best Racehorse Rankings Lys Gracieux was given a rating of 126, making her the fifth best racehorse in the world. Lys Gracieux is one of the three highest earning racehorses in the world among the racehorses born in 2014, along with Thundersnow and Enable.
Pedigree
Lys Gracieux was inbred 4 × 4 to Lyphard, meaning that this stallion appears twice in the fourth generation of her pedigree.
References
2014 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Japan
Racehorses trained in Japan
Thoroughbred family 1-l
Haguenau Airport is an airport in France, located about 2 miles southeast of Haguenau (Département du Bas-Rhin, Alsace); 15 miles north of Strasburg and 250 miles east of Paris.
The airport supports general aviation, with no commercial airline service available. It is primarily a business and jet charter airport.
History
Haguenau Airport was built in 1916 by the German military to train World War I fighter and bomber pilots. This made it a military target, and it suffered its first bombardment on 2 September 1918. In the run up to World War II it was in use as a civil airport. It was also used in the 1930s by the French Air Force as a liaison and courier airfield, due to its proximity to Fort 16 (S.F. de Haguenau) of the Maginot Line, but it did not at this time have any combat units assigned to it.
German use during World War II
The airport was seized by the German Wehrmacht during the 1940 Battle of France, being renamed "Hagenau". The Luftwaffe, however, did not use the airport for several years. In 1943, a construction program was begun to improve the facilities, laying down two concrete runways (07/25 and 03/21) along with a support area, hangars, and various maintenance shops. Finally in September 1943, Luftlandegeschwader 2 (Airborne Squadron 2) (LLG 2) moved in with Heinkel He 111 medium bombers, being used as tow planes for Gotha Go 242 transport gliders. The glider units remained until June 1944.
In the spring of 1944, as a result of the Luftwaffe going on a defensive footing as part of the "Defense of the Reich" campaign, Nachtjagdgeschwader 5 (NJG 5) in April and Nachtjagdgeschwader 6 (NJG 6) in May moved to Hagenau, equipped with Messerschmitt Bf 110 night interceptor fighters equipped with radar to attack the Royal Air Force heavy bomber fleets attacking targets in Germany. In October, the night fighters moved out; no further Luftwaffe units are documented at this airfield. In several publications was stated that II/JG6 was located there between October and December 1944 but it seems that they were located at Hagenow, an airfield close to Schwerin in Northern Germany.
Haguenau became a major target of USAAF Ninth Air Force B-26 Marauder medium bombers and P-47 Thunderbolts mostly with 500-pound general-purpose bombs; unguided rockets and .50 caliber machine gun sweeps to attack the German interceptors on the ground. The attacks were timed to have the maximum effect possible to keep the interceptors pinned down on the ground and be unable to attack the heavy bombers. Also the P-51 Mustang fighter-escort groups of Eighth Air Force would drop down on their return to England and attack the base with a fighter sweep and attack any target of opportunity to be found at the airfield.
American use
The Haguenau area was the scene of heavy fighting between Allied ground forces and the Wehrmacht in late 1944 and early 1945. The airport was liberated in mid-December 1944. Once cleared of enemy forces, the USAAF IX Engineering Command 826th Engineer Aviation Battalion began clearing the airport of mines and destroyed Luftwaffe aircraft, and repairing operational facilities for use by American aircraft. By 20 December the airfield was declared ready for Allied use and was designated as Advanced Landing Ground "Y-39 Haguenau". The airfield was immediately put to use as a Resupply and Casualty evacuation (S&E) airfield to support the combat units in the area and move combat wounded back to hospitals in the rear area. The airfield was briefly evacuated due to heavy fighting in the area and it being shelled by German artillery during late December and early January, however it was secured and put back into operation by mid January.
In early April 1945, the only operational combat unit used Haguenau, that being the Ninth Air Force 69th Reconnaissance Group, which provided Third Army with aerial photography over forward areas in Germany with a variety of reconnaissance aircraft. The unit remained until the end of the war, pulling out on 30 June 1945.
With the end of the war, Haguenau Airport was returned to French control on 17 July 1945.
Postwar/Civil use
The city of Haguenau was seriously damaged by the World War II battles in the city and around the area. The airport, being no exception, was largely in ruins. After many years of being abandoned while other, more pressing reconstruction took place, the entire facility was torn down as simply being unrepairable. A completely new airport was laid out and built over the ruins of the old airfield, slightly to the east of the former facility.
Today, Haguenau Airport is a modern, well-equipped civil airport used primarily for charter flights. A grass airfield supports light general aviation and gliders, and has a small restaurant.
The wartime facility is evident to the west of the airport, with an industrial estate being built over a large area of the former airfield. The outlines of both concrete runways are evident over the grassy area of the facility, with one large concrete section of the former 25 ends of the northeast–southwest runway remaining. Three large patched bomb craters can be seen on the relic, as well as numerous bomb craters on the grass area to the west of the current airport.
What appears to be concrete pads of large aircraft hangars are visible in a wooded area, along with the remains of a large aircraft parking area to the west of the airfield; the concrete deteriorating and the expansion joints filled with grass as they separate the various concrete pads.
See also
Advanced Landing Ground
References
External links
Haguenau
Airports in Grand Est
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in France
Buildings and structures in Bas-Rhin
Transport in Grand Est
Airports established in 1916
Samuel Stokely (January 25, 1796 – May 23, 1861) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1841 to 1843.
Biography
Born in Washington, Pennsylvania, Stokely attended private schools.
He was graduated from Washington College (now Washington and Jefferson College), Washington, Pennsylvania, in 1813.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Steubenville, Ohio, in 1817.
He was United States land receiver 1821–1833. He served as a member of the State senate in 1837 and 1838.
Stokely was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1841 – March 3, 1843).
He resumed the practice of law in Steubenville, where he died May 23, 1861.
He was interred in Union Cemetery.
In April 1830, he married Rachel Mason. He purchased the Bezaleel Wells homestead, The Grove, at a sheriff's sale, and he and his descendants lived there for sixty years. He was a general in the militia, and also married and was survived Mrs. Lowther and Mrs. Burton. He had four children.
References
External links
1796 births
1861 deaths
Washington & Jefferson College alumni
Politicians from Steubenville, Ohio
People from Washington County, Pennsylvania
Ohio state senators
Burials at Union Cemetery-Beatty Park
American militia generals
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Military personnel from Pennsylvania
In politics and law, liberal legalism is a belief that politics should be constrained by legal constitutional boundaries. Liberal legalism has also been called legal constitutionalism, such as is found in the United States and Germany, with political constitutionalism, which is more typical of Britain, by British constitutional scholar Adam Tomkins. He argues in his book Our Republican Constitution that the British system of governance, in which Parliament controls government ministers, provides a better check on executive power than a system like that of the United States, where courts and laws are used to check executive power.
Loughlin argues that the aim of legal-liberalism is to "confine politics to the straight-jacket of law." Tomkins argues that courts and constitutions are a poor check on executive or legislative authority since they must wait for court decisions to bubble up from lesser courts before they can act; since this process can take years, even decades, to happen, the court is usually slow to act. Tomkins prefers a parliamentary system like Britain's as being "more suitable and more effective" at restraining governments, and sees flaws in the American system of having courts check executive power.
Opponents of liberal legalism often cite examples of executives ignoring or overcoming legal restrictions for political gain, such as presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama disregarding the War Powers Resolution.
See also
Constitutionalism
Constitutional economics
Philosophy of law
Rule according to higher law
References
Legal terminology
Constitutional law
Theories of law
Liberalism
Scelorchilus is a genus of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae.
It contains the following species:
White-throated tapaculo (Scelorchilus albicollis)
Chucao tapaculo (Scelorchilus rubecula)
References
Taxa named by Harry C. Oberholser
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
FC Amager (or FCA) was a Danish football club, formed on 1 July 2008, which declared itself bankrupt on 30 March 2009. FC Amager was as a merger between football clubs Boldklubben Fremad Amager, Kløvermarkens Forenede Boldklubber and Amager Fodbold Forening. The team played its home games at Sundby Idrætspark.
Big visions
The vision for the Amager merger was announced at a press conference at Fremad Amager headquarters on Tuesday March 20, 2007 by Faroese footballer and future club owner, Todi Jónsson; real estate agent, sponsor and member of the Fremad Amager board, Hanne Nørrisgaard; new sponsor Eik Bank representative, Claus Bodenhoff; and former Fremad Amager chairman Karsten Østergaard. The primary goal of FC Amager was promotion to the Danish Superliga by the 2010/2011 season at the latest and to function as a football academy for young promising footballers from the Faroe Islands and Amager. The plan was for the football academy to house 20–25 young players from the Faroe Islands and other small nations.
The press conference was followed by another press conference on March 26 in Tórshavn, Faroe Islands, due to the great interest shown by the country's private sector and the investors close connections to the country.
The reason why the team did not exist before August 2008, is that the deficit of 3 million DKK in Fremad Amager had to be paid out by the former majority shareholder before the Dansk Boldspil-Union deadline of submission on March 31, 2007. As it was not realistic to keep the original plans of playing from 2007, it was decided to postpone the merge for one year. Furthermore, none of the participating clubs had the organisation or facilities needed to secure promotion to the Superliga.
Background
Before the press conference, the merge and new professional team was known under different work titles: 'Amager FC' (a different football club already exists under this name), 'Øens Hold' (English: The Islass Team, not to be mistaken with Odense Boldklub and the cooperation between Funenian clubs) and finally plain 'Amager' (a joint team for promising youngsters from Amager) and had been underway since the summer of 2005.
However, the plans did not proceed before a group consisting of four Faroese investors under the name of Fremad Amager Invest A/S and with the footballer Todi Jónsson as the frontman, at an extraordinary press general assembly on March 15, 2007, took over the majority of the shares (51.7%) of Fremad Amager.
The other investors in the new company were composed by an investment group from the Faroe Islands and two investors from the Copenhagen IT-business, and had a starting capital of 1.5 million DKK. The previous majority stockholder, controversial real estate agent Hanne Nørrisgaard, represented a third of the shares. According to Todi Jónsson, the plans to take over a club in Denmark to use for Faroese players started two years prior to the takeover, with concrete dialogue with Fremad Amager starting 1.5 years prior to the takeover.
Kastrup Boldklub were to have joined the merger, but due to their engagement in Amager United and the conflicts in getting out of that arrangement, including the court trial against Amager United Aps in connection with the break-up, the club chairman, Søren Mogensen, stated that this would not happen.
It was expected that Kastrup Boldklub would join the merger at a later stage, as the club was one of the two original promoters of the Øens Hold-project. The question of joining FC Amager was raised at a general assembly with a positive result, and the promoters and investors of FC Amager had stated that there was an open invitation to all football clubs on Amager to join the new team.
The last attempt to join the football clubs of Amager and create a competitive professional team with Superliga ambitions came at the initiative of a number of people in Kastrup Boldklub and Fremad Amager, when it was realized that no Amager club would be economically strong enough to survive in the Superliga on its own.
Fremad Amager contacted Kastrup Boldklub and Tårnby Boldklub (the two clubs behind Amager United) to discuss the possibilities of a future collaboration, to which the Kastrup Boldklub board were positive. After an informal meeting in June 2005 (XX) between Karsten Østergaard (then chairman of the amateur side of Fremad Amager and member of the board) and Gorm Thorius (then chairman of Kastrup Boldklub) as well as Søren Mortensen (then representative of Kastrup Boldklub in the board of Amager United), the group invited all 35 football clubs from Amager to a co-operation through a grand meeting on October 13, 2005. Representatives from 10 clubs showed up and expressed a wish to join non-binding discussions about future collaboration and the completion of a work document for the basis of decision for establishing of the team. Later, however, it turned out that the idea of a joint professional team did not have the backing of a number of the clubs' boards and general assemblies. After the meeting in June 2005, Gorm Thorius and Søren Mortensen left the Amager United board, due to accusations of being disloyal to the club when entering talks with Fremad Amager. The disagreements between Kastrup Boldklub and Tårnby Boldklub were to be characteristic for the future of Amager united.
On November 14, 2006, after a long debate among the members of Kastrup Boldklub the vote was 80.2% for and 19.8% against. Shortly after the general assemblies in Amager FF and Kløvermarkens FB also agreed. Fremad Amager did not need a general assembly, as the amateur part of the club had waived the right to decide over the professional part of the club when Fremad Amager became a public limited company.
Shortly after the grand meeting, Tårnby Boldklub withdrew from Øens Hold due to their engagement in Amager United. Likewise AB 70 also withdrew from the talks due to their newly won promotion to the 2nd Division, as the merge would mean a relegation of their team to Danmarksserien.
In October 2006, this was followed up by the board of B1908 which had two representatives in Øen Hold. The board did not feel that the existing document for the basis of decision was good enough to be accepted at an extraordinary general assembly. Furthermore, they could not surrender the sovereignty of the club, as they did not feel that the project was sustainable due to the lack of concrete major sponsors. Dragør Boldklub did raise the question at a general assembly on December 5, 2006 however the club was not given the mandate to participate, as only one of the members of the club voted for the project. Neither Sundby Boldklub nor Sønderbro Fight agreed to a formal collaboration.
Logo and mascot
The logo of FC Amager was drawn by the Faroese communication bureau Sansir and features a pair of angel wings (from the Fremad Amager nickname), a shield with Dannebrog and the club name in abbreviated form as the central elements of the design. FC Amager's club kits will be a combination of blue and white colors.
On May 21, 2007 Amager Bladet announced a contest to find the character to represent FC Amager as a mascot. The result was to be announced at the Fremad Amager home game against Aarhus Fremad on June 10, 2007. The name of the mascot was found in a separate contest in Amager Bladet during the summer of 2007.
Finance and bankruptcy
The club was immediately ambitious since its founding of summer 2008. Brian Mollerup was headhunted as a chairman after serving as Anja Andersen's right-hand for the Danish handball team, Slagelse, and director of the grocery chain SPAR. After some months in the post, Brian Mollerup made the rest of the board aware that the team's ambitions and economic situation were at odds with one another. After disagreements about the future strategy of the club, Brian Mollerup resigned from the team on February 5, 2009.
On March 28, 2009, the Director Todi Jónsson told Danish Football Association the club was filing for bankruptcy, and withdrew from 1. division only 8 months after the club was founded.
References
Amager
2008 establishments in Denmark
2009 disestablishments in Denmark
Amager
Amager
Fremad Amager
Association football clubs established in 2008
Thomas Randolph Ross (October 26, 1788 – June 28, 1869) was a United States Representative from Ohio.
Born in New Garden Township, Pennsylvania, Ross completed preparatory studies.
He studied law, was admitted to the bar, and began practice in Lebanon, Ohio, in 1810.
Ross was elected as a Republican to the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Congresses and reelected as a Crawford Republican to the Eighteenth Congress (March 4, 1819 – March 3, 1825).
He served as chairman of the Committee on Revisal and Unfinished Business (Seventeenth and Eighteenth Congresses).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1824 to the Nineteenth Congress.
He resumed the practice of law in Lebanon. He lost his eyesight in 1866.
He died on his farm near Lebanon, Ohio, June 28, 1869, and was interred in Lebanon Cemetery. His brother-in-law was former Ohio Governor Thomas Corwin, who married Ross' sister Sarah.
Sources
1788 births
1869 deaths
People from Chester County, Pennsylvania
People from Lebanon, Ohio
Blind people from the United States
Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
School of Hotel Administration may refer to:
Cornell University School of Hotel Administration
William F. Harrah College of Hotel Administration, at University of Nevada, Las Vegas
School of Hotel Administration (Ithaca), a private school
Graduate School of Hotel Administration (Pai), a unit of the Dr. T. M. A. Pai Foundation in India
Spahn Ranch is the eponymously-titled debut EP by Spahn Ranch, released on October 16, 1992 by Cleopatra Records. The album was mostly a vehicle for founding member Matt Green and Rob Morton, who had been composing together for nearly five years before being signed to Cleopatra.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Spahn Ranch liner notes.
Spahn Ranch
Scott Franklin (as Chopper Franklin) – lead vocals
Matt Green – guitar, bass guitar
Rob Morton – sampler, programming, production
Production and design
Rod O'Brien – production, engineering, mixing
Christopher Payne – cover art, illustrations, design
Release history
References
External links
Spahn Ranch at Discogs (list of releases)
1992 debut EPs
Spahn Ranch (band) albums
Cleopatra Records EPs
Hypochrosis sternaria is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Achille Guenée in 1857. It is found from India through Southeast Asia to Sumatra and Borneo.
External links
Hypochrosini
Ennominae
Moths of Borneo
The Silent Hostage is a 1960 spy thriller novel by the British writer Sarah Gainham. Before writing her most celebrated work Night Falls on the City, Gainham produced several thrillers set in Continental Europe where she had lived since 1947. The novel takes place on the Adriatic Coast of Yugoslavia not long after the Second World War.
Synopsis
Kate Dodds, the widow of a British war hero, is invited by the Titoist Yugoslav government to visit the country where her husband served alongside the partisans. Before long she is caught up in intrigue amidst early Cold War politics.
References
Bibliography
Burton, Alan. Historical Dictionary of British Spy Fiction. Rowman & Littlefield, 2016.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
Smith, Myron J. & White, Terry. Cloak and Dagger Fiction: An Annotated Guide to Spy Thrillers. Greenwood Press, 1995.
1960 British novels
Novels by Sarah Gainham
British thriller novels
British spy novels
Novels set in Yugoslavia
Eyre & Spottiswoode books
The Wellstone is a 2003 hard science fiction novel by Wil McCarthy. It was the first sequel to 2000's The Collapsium, starting what was to become a four-part Queendom of Sol series.
Overview
In The Wellstone, McCarthy explores the lives of immortal humans known as immorbids in the future. Nanotechnology has created the wellstone, programmable matter that can emulate nearly any other form of matter, and nanotech fax machines that can not only fabricate objects on demand, but store and retrieve human bodies (with minds intact), cure disease or reverse aging, or be used as teleporters. Ultradense exotic matter known as collapsium makes gravity manipulation and faster-than-light communication possible. Humanity has formed a solar system–wide society based on monarchy.
Many of the technologies in this novel are also described in McCarthy's 2003 nonfiction book, Hacking Matter.
References
2003 American novels
2003 science fiction novels
American science fiction novels
Novels by Wil McCarthy
Hard science fiction
Nanotechnology in fiction
Teleportation in fiction
Faster-than-light communication
Bantam Spectra books
Ibrahim Atta Daldoum (; born 11 August 1991) is a Jordanian footballer who plays as a left back for Al-Faisaly and the Jordan national football team.
International career
Daldoum played his first international match against Iraq in an international friendly in Basra on 1 June 2017, which Jordan lost 1–0.
International goals
U-19 and U-23
International career statistics
Honours
Al-Faisaly
Jordan Premier League (1):2016–17
Jordan FA Cup (1):2016–17
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Jordanian footballers
Jordan international footballers
Jordan youth international footballers
Jordanian people of Palestinian descent
Jordanian Pro League players
Al-Faisaly SC players
Al-Baqa'a Club players
Sportspeople from Amman
Association football defenders
A nose whistle (also called a "nose flute" or a "humanatone") is a wind instrument played with the nose and mouth cavity. Often made of wood, they are also constructed with plastic, clay, or sheet metal.
History
Nose whistles were used traditionally by various South American indigenous groups in the Amazon rainforest, such as the Nambikwara. While representing fertility or war by some groups within the Nambikwara, the nose flute ("ta tãu sư" in Nambikwaran) was not used as a ritual instrument, and was more commonly a children's toy. The Piaroa by contrast used the instrument ("Chuvo" in Wötʰïhä tivene) alongside other flutes in ritual situations, where it represented masculinity and was played during wartime.
In spite of its ethnic background, models were conceived and patented in the 19th and 20th centuries. James J. Stivers, co-founder of the Humanatone Company, is credited to coining this instrument as a "Humanatone". Operating out of New York City, his nose whistles were made of tin plates.
Today, nose whistles are often sold as children's novelties and are made of plastic, although enthusiasts use techniques to modify instruments for easier use by adults, as well as better sound. Using beeswax to extend the nose cup to accommodate an adult's larger maxilla is one such technique.
Acoustics
The nose blows air into the instrument's open nose cup, from where it is channeled through an air duct towards a sharp edge (fipple) positioned over the player's mouth opening. The placement of the edge helps to create a vortex that excites the acoustic field into the player's mouth cavity. The pitch and tone is then changed by the musician via moving their mouth and tongue, as well as variating air flow, and perhaps also using a small hole in the plate for a tremolo. As the mouth cavity is the functional resonance chamber determining the tone of the instrument (as opposed to the chamber's volume being altered by holes or buttons, as is the case with flutes and recorders), the nose whistle produces tones along a glissando.
Examples
See also
Nose flute
References
Nose flutes
Toy instruments and noisemakers
There are several works with the title Dragon Quest or a similar title:
Dragon Quest, a series of video games
Dragon Quest (video game), the first game in the series, originally known as Dragon Warrior in North America
Dragon Quest (TV series), also known as Dragon Warrior, a 1989 Japanese anime based on the video game series
Dragon Quest (manga series), a Japanese manga based on the video game series
Dragon Quest, an episode of the 2010 Canadian-American animated TV series My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic
DragonQuest, a fantasy role-playing game
Dragonquest, a 1970 fantasy novel by Anne McCaffrey
The 2008 Volta de Ciclismo Internacional do Estado de São Paulo (Portuguese for International Cycling Tour of the State of São Paulo) is the 5th edition of a multi-day road cycling stage race held in the state of São Paulo. This edition features 9 stages over 1048 km, disputed from April 20 to 27, 2008. The race is a 2.2 event in the 2007-2008 UCI America Tour.
Classification and Bonuses
In this edition of the race, time bonuses of 10, 6 and 4 seconds are awarded to the top 3 riders in each stage. Time bonuses of 3, 2 and 1 seconds are awarded to the first 3 riders at each intermediary sprint point. For the points classification, the top 5 riders in each stage are awarded 10, 7, 5, 3 and 2 points, respectively. The first 3 riders at each intermediary sprint receive 5, 3 and 2 points. Climbs are classified among 4 categories. The first 3 riders at each summit are awarded points in the mountains classification according to the category:
Category 1: 11, 9, 8 pts
Category 2: 9, 7, 6 pts
Category 3: 7, 5, 4 pts
Category 4: 5, 3, 2 pts
The team classification accounts the times of the first 3 riders of each team in each stage.
Stages and Results
Stage 1: São Paulo
Held Sunday, April 20, 2008, in Autódromo José Carlos Pace. This stage featured 20 laps in the racing circuit, for a total distance of 85.84 km. A field of 94 riders finished with the same time of the stage winner, Edgardo Simon.
Stage 2: Sorocaba to São Carlos
Held Monday, April 21, 2008. This stage was 230.2 km long. A field of 76 riders finished with the same time of the stage winner, Edgardo Simon.
Stage 3: São Carlos time trial
Held Tuesday, April 22, 2008. This stage was an 11.3 km individual time trial along the streets of São Carlos.
Stage 4: São Carlos to Ribeirão Preto
Held Tuesday, April 22, 2008. This stage was 93.2 km long, and was held in the afternoon, a few hours after Stage 3. A field of 95 riders finished with the same time of the stage winner, Edgardo Simon.
Stage 5: Cajuru to Campinas
Held Wednesday, April 23, 2008. This stage was 199.0 km long. A group of 8 riders finished with the same time of the stage winner, Otávio Bulgarelli.
Stage 6: Campinas to Atibaia
Held Thursday, April 24, 2008. This stage was 193.0 km long.
Stage 7: Atibaia to São José dos Campos
Held Friday, April 25, 2008. This stage was 105.6 km long, and a field of 102 riders finished with the same time
of the stage winner, Francisco Chamorro.
Stage 8: São José dos Campos to Campos do Jordão
Held Saturday, April 26, 2008. This mountain stage was 79 km long.
Stage 9: Jundiaí to São Paulo
Held Sunday, April 27, 2008. This stage was 51.5 km long.
Final Results
Participating Teams and Riders
UCI Continental Teams
SCF - Scott-Marcondes Cesar-São José dos Campos
10 - Magno Prado Nazaret
11 - Pedro Autran Nicácio
12 - Breno Sidoti
13 - Maurício Morandi
14 - Fabrício Morandi
15 - Renato Seabra
16 - Alex Diniz
17 - Edgardo Simon
National Teams
Uruguay - Uruguay National Team
190 - Richard Mascaraña
191 - Jorge Bravo
192 - Alvaro Tardáguila
193 - Gonzalo Tagliabue
194 - Cristian Villanueva
195 - José Miraglia
196 - Geovane Fernández
197 - Fredy Peralta
Regional Teams
ACME - ACME Cycling Team
140 - Maurício Frazer
141 - Javier Lindner
142 - Jesus Patalagoytia
143 - Lisandro Ajcu
144 - Adolfo Trabochi
145 - Luis Marroquin
146 - Gabriel Epstein
Avaí-Florianópolis - Avaí/Florianópolis/APGF
80 - Jair Santos
81 - Marcelo Moser
82 - Ramiro Gonzales
83 - Rafael Gerhard
84 - Rafael Silva
85 - Edson Resende
86 - Gustavo Zorzo
87 - Flávio Reblin
CESC-Sundown - CESC/Sundown/Nossa Caixa/Calipso/Maxxis
30 - Luiz Amorim Tavares
31 - Rogério Silva
32 - Walter Ribeiro Jr.
33 - Francisco Chamorro
34 - Raul Cançado
35 - Edson Corradi
36 - Elivelton Pedro
37 - Diego Portugal
Chivilcoy-Argentina - Ciudad de Chivilcoy
180 - Emilio Martin
181 - Fernando Antogna
182 - Gustavo Toledo
183 - Armando Borrajo
184 - César Sigura
185 - Pedro Prieto
Dataro - Clube Dataro de Ciclismo/Blumenau
40 - Alcides Vieira
41 - Cleberson Weber
42 - Gregori Panizo
43 - Jocielmo Marins
44 - Renato Santos
45 - Eduardo Pereira
46 - Carlos França
47 - Sidnei Silva
DET-Cordeirópolis - DET Cordeirópolis/Kuruma/Incefra/Unilance
110 - Andrio Lima
111 - Fábio Ribeiro
112 - Hernandes Cuadri
113 - Marcelo Soares
114 - Elinton Stocco
115 - Leonardo Lima
116 - Glauber Nascimento
117 - André Souza
Gob.Zulia - Venezuela/Gob.Zulia/Alcadia de Cabimas
170 - Manuel Medina
171 - Victor Moreno
172 - Adelso Valero
173 - Franklin Chacón
174 - José Contreras
175 - Hebert Rivas
Juarez-México - Municipalidad de Juarez - México
150 - Fidel Goytia
151 - Jessiel Valenzuela
152 - Ricardo Tapia
153 - Javier Perez
154 - Marco Arriagada
155 - Ismael Ponce
Memorial-Santos - Memorial/PM Santos/Giant/Nossa Caixa
1 - Marcos Novello
2 - Antônio Nascimento
3 - André Pulini
4 - Thiago Nardin
5 - Eduardo Pinheiro
6 - Robson Dias
7 - Patrick Oyakaua
8 - Armando Camargo
Metodista-SBC - Metodista/São Bernardo do Campo/Sundown/Nossa Caixa
70 - Adriano Martins
71 - Alexandre Mantovani
72 - Jerre Souza
73 - Jeovane Oliveira
74 - Wilian Rodrigues
75 - Marcelo Simeoni
76 - Jean Coloca
77 - João Paulo Vieira
Sales-BH - Sales Supermercados/Pinarello/BH
20 - Miguel Direnna
21 - Márcio Pinto
22 - Roger Ferraro
23 - Valcemar Justino
24 - Vanderlei Melchior
25 - Renato Rohsler
26 - Fabiele Mota
27 - Gilberto Goes
Sel.Paulista - Seleção Paulista
130 - Jean Silva
131 - Gideoni Monteiro
132 - Valmir Baia
133 - José Cláudio Santos
134 - Carlos Santos
135 - Alberto Camera
SF-Kenda - São Francisco/Kenda/Nossa Caixa/DKS/Ribeirão Preto
60 - Michel Garcia
61 - Murilo Costa
62 - Rodrigo Melo
63 - Anderson Echeverria
64 - Humberto Vale
65 - Juliano Silva
66 - José Jailson Diniz
67 - Daniel Amaral
SLS-Americana - São Lucas Saúde/UCA/Americana
120 - Anderson Oliveira
121 - Bruno Pereira
122 - Bruno Tabanez
123 - Geraldo Santos
124 - José Júnior Diniz
125 - Luciano Silva
Suzano-Flying Horse - Suzano/Flying Horse/Caloi
90 - Alex Arseno
91 - Douglas Bueno
92 - Kleber Ramos
93 - Leo Ferreira
94 - Otávio Bulgarelli
95 - Patrique Azevedo
96 - Renato Ruiz
97 - Tiago Fiorilli
Team Vale - Team Vale/FAPI/O Lojão/Gramado/JKS/Sejelp
100 - Ezequiel Riderson
101 - Flávio Cardoso
102 - Raphael Serpa
103 - Roberto Pinheiro
104 - Fabiano Mota
105 - Fábio Fagundes
106 - Fernando Tomaz
107 - Marcos Pereira Jr.
União-Assis - União/Assis-Amea
50 - Alan Maniezzo
51 - Justino Ribeiro
52 - Diego Domingues
53 - José Medeiros
54 - Ruy Sá Neto
55 - Josias Silva
56 - Elton Marroni
57 - Rodrigo Cheles
References
Stage 1 Results
Stage 2 Results
Stage 3 Results
Stage 4 Results
Stage 5 Results
Stage 6 Results
Stage 7 Results
Stage 8 Results
Stage 9 Results
Volta de Ciclismo Internacional do Estado de São Paulo
Volta de Ciclismo Internacional do Estado de São Paulo
Volta de Ciclismo Internacional do Estado de São Paulo
April 2008 sports events in South America
Metasolibacillus is a genus of Gram-Positive rod-shaped bacteria in the family Caryophanaceae from the order Caryophanales. The type species of this genus is Metasolibacillus meyeri.
Members of Metasolibacillus are previously species belonging to Lysinibacillus and Bacillus. Instead of branching with species from their respective genus, these four species formed a monophyletic branch in various phylogenetic trees constructed based on conserved genome sequences, indicating their phylogenetic relatedness. The family Caryophanaceae encompassed many branching anomalies such as this one, partially due to the reliance on 16S rRNA sequences as a method for classification, which is known to have low resolution power and give differing results depending on the algorithm used. In 2020, a comparative genomic study emended the family, resulting in the establishment of three new genera, including Metasolibacillus.
The name Metasolibacillus is derived from the Greek adjective meta, translating into "besides" and the Latin term Solibacillus, referring the genus name. Together, Metasolibacillus can be translated as a genus besides Solibacillus.
Biochemical Characteristics and Molecular Signatures
Members of this genus are aerobic, motile and endospore-forming. Metasolibacillus can grow in temperatures ranging from 10°C to 45°C but the optimal growth temperature is in the range of 30-37°C. Studied species are reported to be positive for catalase and Voges–Proskauer tests.
12 conserved signature indels (CSIs) were identified as exclusively present in this genus in the following proteins: DUF456 domain-containing protein, toxic anion resistance protein, undecaprenyldiphosphomuramoylpentapeptide beta-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase, c-type cytochrome biogenesis protein CcsB, thiol-disulfide oxidoreductase ResA, hypothetical proteins, arginase, preprotein translocase subunit SecY, ATP-binding cassette domain-containing protein, and purine permease. These CSIs were identified through genomic analysis and serve as a reliable molecular means for identifying and distinguishing members of this genus from other genera within the family Caryophanaceae and all other bacteria.
Taxonomy
Metasolibacillus, as of 2021, contains one species with a validly published name. This genus was identified as a monophyletic clade and phylogenetically unrelated to other species in the family Caryophanaceae in studies examining the taxonomic relationships within the family.
There are three species that are non-validly published, but are considered to be members of this genus due to shared molecular markers and grouping on phylogenetic trees with the type species.
References
Bacillales
Bacteria genera
Khorram Bak (; also known as Khorram Beya, Khorram Beyg, Khorram Beyk, and Khorramak) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 694, in 173 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Elections to the Legislative Assembly of the Indian state of Travancore-Cochin were held on 27 March 1952.
Constituencies
Travancore-Cochin had 97 constituencies, 11 of them were two-member constituencies and 86 were single-member constituencies. There were 33,65,955 electors in the single member constituencies, while 8,44,389 electors in two-member constituencies. Total 437 candidates competed for 108 seats of the 97 constituencies in the Assembly.
Political parties
Three national parties (Indian National Congress, Revolutionary Socialist Party and Socialist Party) along with four state parties (Cochin Party, Travancore Cochin Republican Praja Party, Travancore Tamil Nadu Congress and Tamil Nadu Toilers Party) and two registered unrecognized party (Kerala Socialist Party and Tamil Nadu People Front) took part in the electoral process of 1951-1952 assembly elections. Since Communist Party of India was banned in Travancore-Cochin State, its candidates took part in the electoral process as Independent candidates, which later formed a United Left front of leftists following the success in the elections.
Results
Congress party fell short of the majority by 11 seats. So it formed a coalition government with the help of Travancore Tamil Nadu Congress, Kerala Socialist Party and a Nominated member.
!colspan=8|
|- style="background-color:#E9E9E9; text-align:center;"
! class="unsortable" |
! Political party !! Flag !! Seats Contested !! Won !! % of Seats !! Votes !! Vote %
|- style="background: #90EE90;"
|
|
| 105 || 44 || 40.74 || 12,04,364 || 35.44
|-
|
|
| 70 || 11 || 10.19 || 4,85,194 || 14.28
|- style="background: #90EE90;"
|
|
| 15 || 8 || 7.41 || 2,01,118 || 5.92
|-
|
|
| 12 || 1 || 0.93 || 59,535 || 1.75
|-
|
|
| 11 || 6 || 5.56 || 1,18,333 || 3.48
|- style="background: #90EE90;"
|
|
| 10 || 1 || 0.93 || 73,981 || 2.18
|-
|
|
| 199 || 37 || 34.26 || 11,51,555 || 33.89
|- class="unsortable" style="background-color:#E9E9E9"
! colspan = 3| Total seats
! 108 !! style="text-align:center;" |Voters !! 50,54,733 !! style="text-align:center;" |Turnout !! 33,98,193 (67.23%)
|}
Elected members
See also
Travancore-Cochin
1951–52 elections in India
1952 Madras Legislative Assembly election in Malabar
1954 Travancore-Cochin Legislative Assembly election
References
State Assembly elections in Kerala
travancore-Cochin
Travancore–Cochin
March 1952 events in Asia
Yosef Zvi HaLevy (: 1874 – 13 March 1960) was an Israeli rabbi and head of the rabbinical court for Tel Aviv-Yafo.
Biography
HaLevy was born in 1874 in Vilijampolė, Kaunas, Lithuania, then part of the Russian Empire, and was the son of Rabbi Avraham HaLevy. He obtained his rabbinical ordination (semicha) from Slabodka yeshiva.
He emigrated without his family to Ottoman Palestine at the beginning of 1891 and shortly thereafter married the daughter of Rabbi Naftali Herz Halevy, the Chief Rabbi of Jaffa. In 1894 (or late 1893), he moved to Jerusalem, but returned to Jaffa in about 1897.
HaLevy was later appointed to serve as the head (Av Beit Din) of the Tel Aviv Rabbinical Court.
Awards
In 1958, HaLevy was awarded the Israel Prize, in Rabbinical literature.
Halevy's grandson, Abraham Haim Halevy, was the recipient of the 2002 Israel Prize, for agriculture.
References
See also
List of Israel Prize recipients
Halevy
1874 births
1960 deaths
Clergy from Kaunas
Lithuanian Jews
Rabbis in Mandatory Palestine
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the Ottoman Empire
20th-century Israeli rabbis
Israel Prize Rabbi recipients
Israel Prize in Rabbinical literature recipients
The Ragland Hills are a rugged, largely forested series of hills and ravines in Forrest and Perry counties, Mississippi. They formed by water erosion of thick clay, gravel and sand deposits, with the Leaf River and its tributaries responsible for the downcutting. Part of Camp Shelby is in the Ragland Hills.
Many plant community types occur. The mesic beech-magnolia forest of ravines is especially interesting due to its mix of subtropical species including Magnolia grandiflora, Tillandsia usneoides and Sabal minor with northern inland species such as Fagus grandifolia, Arisaema dracontium, A. triphyllum, Medeola virginiana, Phryma leptostachya, Sanguinaria canadensis, Trillium cuneatum, Uvularia perfoliata and U. sessilifolia.
References
Landforms of Forrest County, Mississippi
Landforms of Perry County, Mississippi
Swedish Companies Registration Office (), is a Swedish government agency which mainly handles the registration of new companies and registry changes for existing businesses, such as change of address and change of board of directors and auditors. The Agency receives financial statements and records of chattel mortgages and liquidations. The agency also provides corporate information (registers information about Swedish companies and associations) and is appointed by the Government to be the development agency for e-government in the area of business and enterprise.
The Swedish Companies Registration Office was formed in 2004. Its headquarters is located in Sundsvall, where it employs about 500 employees. It is assigned to the Ministry of Enterprise and Innovation.
External links
Government agencies of Sweden
Swedish business law
Government agencies established in 2004
Ragnhild Hemsing (born 15 February 1988 in Valdres, Norway) is a Norwegian classical violinist and older sister of the classical violinist Eldbjørg Hemsing.
Biography
Hemsing began to play the violin at 5 years of age and was invited to enroll at the Barratt Due Institute of Music in Oslo at the age of nine. She studied in Vienna with Boris Kuschnir.
Hemsing plays on a Francesco Ruggeri violin built in Cremona in 1694 on loan from the Dextra Musica Foundation.
At 14 years of age, Hemsing made her debut with the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra, where she performed the Mendelssohn Violin Concerto, and with the Trondheim Symphony Orchestra. The following year she performed with the Oslo Philharmonic Orchestra. She has performed with the Danish National Radio Symphony Orchestra, the Ukrainian National Philharmonic Orchestra, and the Kazan State Orchestra in Russia among others. She performed with Norway's leading orchestras including the Oslo Philharmonic Orchestra, the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra and the Stavanger Symphony Orchestra.
Hemsing was awarded the Sparre Olsen-prisen in 2005, for her "exceptionally instrumental endowment that grabs the audience with her vivid, passionate and brilliant performance", according to the jury.
Appearances
She appeared at concert halls across Norway including the Bergen International Festival, the Oslo Chamber Music Festival, Hardingtonar Festival and Førde International World Music Festival, where she has been combining folk programmes with classical repertoire. As a recitalist she has also performed at the Northern Lights in Tromsø and the Stavanger, Trondheim and Harstad International Chamber Music Festivals, and at the Wigmore Hall, the Verbier Festival, Bellerive Festival in Switzerland and AlpenKlassik in Germany, amongst others. In 2011 together with Leif Ove Andsnes and Tine Thing Helseth, she performed at the Cheltenham festival.
Hemsing has performed at the Nobel Peace Prize Concert. Together with her sister, Eldbjørg Hemsing, she recorded a 60-minute documentary on the life of the famous Norwegian violinist Ole Bull, which received a special EBU award. In 2013 she was awarded the Beethoven Ring at the annual Beethoven Festival in Bonn.
Honors
2003: First Prize and European Union Prize at the Kocian International Violin Competition in the Czech Republic
2003: First Prize and Special Prize at the European Music Prize for Youth
2005: Sparre Olsen-prisen
2013: Beethoven Ring to the best concert performed during the annual Beethoven Festival in Bonn
Discography
2011: YR' (Simax)
2011: Johan Halvorsen: Orchestral Works Volume 3 (Chandos), with Marianne Thorsen and the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Neeme Järvi
2011: Varde (Kvarts and Hemsing), with Kvarts and Eldbjørg Hemsing
2017: Northern Timbre'' (2L), with Tor Espen Aspaas
References
External links
The Hemsing Festival
Interview in german with the classical portal Classicpoint.net
Johan Halvorsen Musikkfest 2015
Konzertdirektion Martin Müller
YR - Ragnhild Hemsing & Hallgrim Hansegård (www.frikar.com) on YouTube
Norwegian classical violinists
Barratt Due Institute of Music alumni
People from Valdres
1988 births
Living people
21st-century Norwegian singers
21st-century Norwegian women singers
21st-century classical violinists
Women classical violinists
Pelle (translated: skin) is the third studio album of the Italian band Punkreas, released in 2000.
Track listing
Voglio armarmi - 2:50
Sosta - 3:06
Sotto esame - 3:36
Fegato e cuore - 2:50
Terzo mondo - 4:41
Terrorista N.A.T.O. - 2:24
Cosciente - 2:39
Zingari - 3:49
Pirati - 2:42
Tolleranza zero - 3:50
References
2000 albums
Punkreas albums
Kyiv National University of Technologies and Design (KNUTD) ( is a university in Kyiv, Ukraine. Areas of knowledge taught at KNUTD: Education/Pedagogy, Culture and art, Humanities, Social and behavioral sciences, Management and administration, Legal Sciences, Natural Sciences, Information Technology, Mechanical engineering, Electrical engineering, Automation and instrumentation, Chemical and bioengineering, Production and Technology, Healthcare, Service sector, Public administration and administration (MBA).
History
On October 1, 1930, the opening of the Kyiv Polytechnic Institute of the Leather Industry, created by the decision of the Supreme Council of the National Economy on the basis of the Kyiv Polytechnic Institute, took place.
The founders of the educational institution were: Alexander Markovich Ginzburg (director), associate professor Mikhail Pavlovich Kotov (later professor, doctor of technical sciences, honored worker of science and technology), professor Yury Dmitrievich Sokolov (later a corresponding member of the Academy of Sciences of the Ukrainian SSR), professor P. E. Dushsky. , Associate Professor Kazansky N. G. (later Doctor of Technical Sciences, Professor), Nikitin V. N., Pospekhov D. A., Topolyansky M. G. and others. The first legal address of the modern university was: Bolshaya Zhitomirskaya street 32.
At the time of opening, the institute included 3 faculties: chemical-technological, mechanical-technological, engineering-economic. In 1930, enrollment for 1 course was announced. The second, third and fourth courses were staffed by students from the Kyiv, Kharkov and Odessa polytechnic institutes.
In the 1930-1931 academic year, 32 teachers worked at the institute.
The first graduation of specialists took place in 1932. During the first 5 years (1931-1935) the Institute trained 102 engineers. The annual graduation in 1936 and 1937 amounted to 110 specialists.
Since 1937, the university (then the institute) has been located on Nemirovich-Danchenko Street 2 (at that time Klovskaya Street, 16), where before the revolution there were barracks of the Mirgorodsky Cavalry Regiment. The building on Bolshaya Zhitomirskaya Street was transferred to a hostel.
During the period 1936-1941, 1158 specialists were graduated. In 1941, the last, pre-war graduation of engineers was carried out - 240 specialists
Evacuation during the Second World War
From the first days of the war, many teachers, staff, graduates and students of the Institute voluntarily joined the Red Army. They participated in the fighting on all fronts of the Second World War.
At the end of June 1941, the institute received an order to prepare for evacuation. And already on October 1, 1941, two car trains with property and a small amount of staff of the Institute arrived at the Khrompik station in the city of Pervouralsk, Sverdlovsk Region. The institute was located on the basis of the tannery in the town of Khrompik. Already in the summer of 1942, 35 engineers were graduated, and in 1943-1944 the institute graduated 38 engineers.
In June 1944, the institute returned to Kyiv and began to train specialists not only from the available specialties (chemical-technological, mechanical-technological, engineering-economic), but also in two specialties “Technology of clothing production” and “Technology of knitwear production”. Since that time, the institute has been called the Kyiv Technological Institute of Light Industry (KTILP). Under this name the institute existed for 48 years.
Nowadays
In 1993, the Kyiv Technological Institute of Light Industry was accredited and renamed the State Academy of Light Industry of Ukraine (GALPU), and on August 30, 1999 - the Kyiv State University of Technology and Design (KGUTD).
Given the national and international recognition of the results of activities and a significant contribution to the development of national education and science, by decree of the President of Ukraine L. D. Kuchma dated August 07, 2001 No. 591/2001, the university received the status of a national university and became known as the Kyiv National University of Technology and Design )[4].
In 2015, by the Order of the Cabinet of Ministers, a higher educational institution, the Intersectoral Academy of Management, was attached to KNUTD.
Since 2015, the university has been preparing specialists capable of working in the field of entrepreneurship and law. The university also prepares candidates and doctors of sciences in 12 specialties, who can defend their dissertations in six specialized academic councils.
The teaching staff of the university includes more than 70 professors, more than 260 associate professors.
Infrastructurally, the university consists of 15 educational buildings, 9 dormitories, 21 buildings for various purposes, a stadium and several sports grounds. The university library was founded in 1930, its fund has more than 1 million copies, including more than 700 thousand copies of educational publications.
In 2020, the university teaches at 7 faculties (fashion industry, mechatronics and computer technology, chemical and biopharmaceutical technologies, economics and business, design, entrepreneurship and law, market, information and innovative technologies) and 3 institutes (Educational and Scientific Institute of Modern Technologies education, Educational and Scientific Institute of Engineering and Information Technologies, Research Institute of Economics).
In 2018, 10,000 students studied at the university in the specialties of 15 branches of knowledge, including more than 500 foreign students from 26 countries.
Departments
Тhe Faculties
Fashion Industry;
Design;
Mechatronics and Computer Technologies;
Chemical and Biopharmaceutical Technologies;
Economics and Business;
Market, Information and Innovative Technologies (Cherkasy Campus).
The Institutes
Kyiv Institute of the Qilu University of Technology (China)
Engineering and Information Technologies
Law and Modern Learning Technologies
Internationalization of Higher Education and Science
Research Institute of Economics
The Colleges
Professional College of Art and Design of KNUTD
Lviv Professional College of Fashion Industry of KNUTD
Chernihiv Professional College of Engineering and Design of KNUTD,
The Centres and Educational Complexes
Centre of Pre-university and Individual Education.
Educational and Scientific Complex of Military Training.
Ukrainian-Polish Training Centre.
Ukrainian-Azerbaijani Cultural and Educational Centre.
Centre of Labour and Career.
Centre of Physical Education and Health.
Centre of Culture and Arts.
Energy Efficiency Centre.
Awards and reputation
QS EECA University Rankings 2021: 301-350 place
Global rankings: Best Fashion Schools In The World, 2021 by the CEOWORLD magazine – 60th place
Global rankings: Best Medical Schools In The World, 2021 by the CEOWORLD magazine – 65th place
Famous graduates
Mikhail Voronin (fashion designer)
Anatolii Mokrousov
Volodymyr Radchenko
Volodymyr Kharchenko
References
External links
http://en.knutd.edu.ua
https://web.archive.org/web/20160905042000/http://ceoworld.biz/profiles/edu/knutd
https://twitter.com/knutd_ua
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiOoZirnyjdajKz7-eGWKIg
https://www.linkedin.com/school/kyivnationaluniversityoftechnologiesanddesignknutd/posts/?feedView=all&viewAsMember=true
Universities and colleges in Kyiv
Technical universities and colleges in Ukraine
National universities in Ukraine
Architecture of Ukraine
Education in the Soviet Union
Universities and institutes established in the Soviet Union
Educational institutions established in 1930
1930 establishments in Ukraine
Institutions with the title of National in Ukraine
Ahangaran (, also Romanized as Āhangarān) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 249, in 62 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in Kamareh District, Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,852, in 1,763 families. The rural district has 25 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Markazi Province
Khomeyn County
Artem Kovernikov (; born 1 July 2000) is a Ukrainian football defender who played for Dukla Prague.
Career statistics
Club
.
Notes
References
2000 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Czech National Football League players
FC Arsenal Kyiv players
FK Dukla Prague players
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Tekipirkent (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Mikrakhsky Selsoviet, Dokuzparinsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 282 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Tekipirkent is located 13 km southwest of Usukhchay (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kaladzhukh and Mikrakh are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Lezgins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dokuzparinsky District
"My Heart Is Refusing Me" is a song performed by Swedish pop singer and music producer Loreen, it was released as the lead single from her debut studio album Heal (2012). It was released as a digital download on 27 February 2011 in Sweden. The song peaked to number 9 on the Swedish Singles Chart. She co-wrote the song with Moh Denebi and Björn Djupström.
Background and release
After Loreen's win in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 with "Euphoria", "My Heart Is Refusing Me" was released as her second international single from the upcoming album. The single was released internationally on October 8, 2012 in a remixed version that is different from the original version that was released in 2011.
Composition
There are two versions of the single. The first was the original release version, which was a more lowtempo dance-pop song, while the album version (known as the re-release) is a more uptempo and has slightly different production. According to discogs, the song is influenced by electronic, pop, house and Europop styles. According to Brian O'Reilly from The Irish Independent, he said the song "has its similarities to its predecessor ("Euphoria") – the pulsing club beat, the drama of the interplay between light and dark and of course Loreen's fantastic powerful vocals." He also said "There is a unique dynamic to the song when the ancient chant-like backing vocals help give it an authenticity beyond the usual in the dance genre." The song features instrumentation of synthesizers, strings, and other keyboards. He noted the lyrical content as being "quite dark yet very relatable" and said there was the "melancholy in the verses is fully explained by the chorus." Higher Plain Music described the song "more classic dance with huge tom drums and a huge soaring chorus complete raving synths and catchy ad-lib hooks."
Critical reception
"My Heart is Refusing Me" received critical acclaim from music critics upon release, with most critics noting similarities to her previous single, "Euphoria". ScandiPop.co.uk gave it a positive review, saying "The words “even better than the original” spring to mind. Seriously. As kicks up the arse go, this is at hospilisation level." Samesame.co.au called the song one of the highlights of the album, saying "is a showcase of pedigree dance balladry – just like ‘Euphoria' – it comes complete with a chorus that formulaically expands after periods of restraint verses." He also stated that along with the other singles on the album; "make sense as the shining ambassadors of Loreen‘s album but they're not necessarily indicative of its scope." Brian O'Reilly from The Irish Independent was very positive, awarding the song 9 stars out of 10, stating "‘My heart is refusing me' really does what really great dance music should do – it teases the listener throughout, leaving them in anticipation for a big final chorus where all the elements introduced throughout the song come together."
EscXtra critic added that this song was "a strong view on which way the album was going in."
Commercial performance
"My Heart Is Refusing Me" first entered in 2011 on the Swedish Singles Chart at number nine, where it ultimately peaked. The song descended the way out, staying for 19 weeks on the chart. When it was re-released in mid-2012, the song re-entered at sixty, and peaked at number twenty-two and ultimately stayed in the charts for eleven weeks. The song managed to chart in other European markets. The song debuted at seventy-nine on the Dutch Singles chart, and peaked at number forty-six. The song spent at sole week at number forty-one on the Spanish Singles Chart and a sole week on the Belgium Singles Chart at forty-four. The song debuted at #44 in Belgium, #41 in Spain, #79 in the Netherlands and #10 in Finland.
Promotion and nominations
On 12 February 2011, Loreen competed in the second semi-final of Melodifestivalen 2011 with My Heart Is Refusing Me placing fourth in Gothenburg, she competed in the Second Chance round, but failed to qualify to the final after a sing-off with Sara Varga. In 2012, "My Heart Is Refusing Me" won the "Tredje Chansen" (Third Chance) contest promoted by SVT. The Tredje Chansen gathered the 32 most memorable songs in the past 10 years of Melodifestivalen which never reached the final and gave them one more chance to compete for a place in it. All votes were cast online by internet viewers. Loreen won in the Heat (7281 votes) and in the Final (9416 votes). The official music video premiered on June 28 on Loreen's official YouTube channel, with the video directed by Liza Minou Morberg.
Track listing
Digital download
"My Heart Is Refusing Me" - 3:07
"My Heart Is Refusing Me" (Singback) - 3:08
"My Heart Is Refusing Me" (Instrumental) - 3:06
International digital download
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Alex P & Victory Version)" - 3:42
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (SeventyEight Version)" - 3:34
Official Promo Remixes
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (SeventyEight Version) 3:34
"My Heart is Refusing Me (Ali Payami Remix) 4:40
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (PJ Harmony Remix) 3:14
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Amarillo & Finer Remix Radio Version) 3:37
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Amarillo & Finer Remix Long Version) 7:20
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Acoustic Version) 3:33
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Electro Acoustic Version) 3:38
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Light Acoustic Version) 4:04
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Anders Nyman Radio Edit) 3:28
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Anders Nyman Remix) 6:46
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Ianizer & Lemethy Remix) 3:21
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Drop Da Bass Mix) 4:11
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Promise Land Remix) 5:20
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Disfunktion Remix) 7:21
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Sam Skilz Remix) 6:27
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Benassi Extended Version) 5:12
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Benassi Radio Edit) 3:19
"My Heart Is Refusing Me (Benassi Instrumental Version) 5:12
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2011 debut singles
Loreen (singer) songs
Songs written by Björn Djupström
Synth-pop ballads
Warner Music Group singles
Songs written by Moh Denebi
GermaNet is a semantic network for the German language. It relates nouns, verbs, and adjectives semantically by grouping lexical units that express the same concept into synsets and by defining semantic relations between these synsets. GermaNet is free for academic use, after signing a license. GermaNet has much in common with the English WordNet and can be viewed as an on-line thesaurus or a light-weight ontology. GermaNet has been developed and maintained at the University of Tübingen since 1997 within the research group for General and Computational Linguistics. It has been integrated into the EuroWordNet, a multilingual lexical-semantic database.
Database
Contents
GermaNet partitions the lexical space into a set of concepts that are interlinked by semantic relations. A semantic concept is modeled by a synset. A synset is a set of words (called lexical units) where all the words are taken to have the same or almost the same meaning. Thus a synset is a set of synonyms grouped under one definition, or "gloss".
In addition to the gloss, synsets are labeled with their syntactic function and accompanied by example sentences for each distinct meaning in the synset.
Just as in WordNet, for each word category the semantic space is divided into a number of semantic fields closely related to major nodes in the semantic network: Ort, or "location", Körper, or "body", etc.
As of version 15.0 (release May 2020), GermaNet contains:
Synsets: 144113
Lexical Units: 185000
Literals: 169521
Conceptual Relations: 157921
Lexical Relations (synonymy excluded): 12203
Split Compounds: 98905
Interlingual Index (ILI) Records: 28564
Wiktionary Sense Descriptions: 29548
Format
All GermaNet data is stored in a PostgreSQL relational database. The database schema follows the internal structure of GermaNet: there are tables to store synsets, lexical units, conceptual and lexical relations, etc. GermaNet data is distributed both in this database format and as XML files. In the XML data, two types of files, one for synsets and the other for relations, represent all data available in the GermaNet database.
Interfaces
There are software libraries and APIs available for Java, Python, JavaScript, and Perl. These programs are distributed under free-software licenses and provide easy access to all information in various versions of GermaNet.
GermaNet Rover is an online application that can be used to search for synsets in GermaNet, explore the data associated with them, and calculate the semantic similarity of pairs of synsets. It features visualizations of the hypernym relation and advanced filtering options for synset searching.
Licenses
GermaNet 15.0 (released May 2020) can be distributed under one of the following types of license agreements:
Academic Research License Agreement: for the purpose of research at academic institutions. There is no license fee for academic use. Licenses are not given to individual students, and those seeking a license are required to talk to an academic advisor.
Research and Development License Agreement: applies to non-academic institutions and research consortia. To be used strictly for technology development and internal research.
Commercial License Agreement: applies to non-academic institutions and commercial enterprises. It permits technology development and internal research, as well as giving the non-exclusive right to distribute and market any derived product or service.
Alternatives
Open-de-WordNet is freely available alternative to GermaNet which is compatible with WordNet.
Linguistic Applications
GermaNet has been used for a variety of applications, including:
semantic analysis
shallow recognition of implicit document structure
compound analysis
analyzing sectional preferences
word sense disambiguation
See also
Hyponym
Is-a
Machine-readable dictionary
Ontology (information science)
Semantic network
Semantic Web
Synonym Ring
Taxonomy
UBY-LMF
Word sense disambiguation
References
External links
GermaNet Rover online browser
German language
Thesauri
Lexical databases
Knowledge representation
Computational linguistics
Online dictionaries
WSIF (90.9 FM) is a radio station with an Album Adult Alternative/Americana format, rebroadcasting the programming of station WNCW.
It is owned and operated by Isothermal Community College in Spindale, North Carolina, which took over the station on January 5, 2010.
Previously, the station was owned and operated by Wilkes Community College, Wilkesboro, North Carolina. According to FCC filings in May 2008, the school decided to end its broadcasting program, and requested permission to remain silent while the license was transferred to another educational institution. At the expiration of the six month "Stay Silent" authorization in November 2008, the College asked for an extension of the order to finalize the details of the transfer to an unspecified community college.
In 2009, Isothermal Community College acquired the license of WSIF, Wilkesboro, North Carolina, formerly operated by Wilkes Community College. WSIF began simulcasting WNCW programming in January, 2010.
References
External links
SIF
SIF
NPR member stations
Radio stations established in 2008
The President of Tsinghua University is the chief administrator of Tsinghua University, a major public academic institution of higher learning, located in Beijing, capital of the People's Republic of China. Each is appointed by and is responsible to the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party and the State Council, who delegate to him or her the day-to-day running of the university.
The university's current President is Wang Xiqin, who formerly served as executive vice president of Tsinghua University in 2018 and received his doctor's degree in 1991 from Tsinghua University.
Presidents of Tsinghua University
Communist Party Secretaries of Tsinghua University
References
External links
Presidents of Tsinghua University
Tsinghua University
Montenegro competed at the 2018 European Athletics Championships in Berlin, Germany, between 7 and 12 August 2018. 2 men and 2 women competed in 4 events.
Results
Men
Field events
Combined events – Decathlon
Women
Field events
References
European Athletics Championships
2018
Nations at the 2018 European Athletics Championships
Eilema bitincta is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is found in Madagascar.
References
bitincta
The Old Covered Bridge, also known as the Upper Sheffield Covered Bridge, is a covered bridge on Covered Bridge Lane in Sheffield, Massachusetts. It is a replica of an 1837 lattice truss bridge that was destroyed by fire in 1994. At the time of its destruction it was the oldest covered bridge in Massachusetts. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The bridge is open to pedestrians.
Description and history
The Old Covered Bridge is located just east of the village of Sheffield Plain, spanning the Housatonic River at the ends of Covered Bridge Lane. The bridge is approached from the west by a causeway extending all the way to United States Route 7, and from the east by a causeway about long, both crossing the river's flood plain. The bridge is long, and rests on granite abutments, one of which is of 19th-century origin, while the other was the result of a 20th-century rehabilitation of the 1837 bridge. The bridge has two lattice trusses built to the patent of Ithiel Town, whose lower members have been doubled for added strength. The exterior is finished in vertical board siding, and it is covered by a gabled roof.
The 1837 bridge was one of the oldest known examples of a Town truss, built to an updated version of Town's patent published in 1835. The bridge underwent period maintenance, and was closed to traffic in 1970. The original bridge was restored in 1974 and 1981, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The bridge was destroyed by fire in 1994, and the replacement bridge was complete in 1996. The fire was determined to be arson, set by local teenagers. The bridge was rebuilt to plans that had been drawn during its restoration.
See also
List of crossings of the Housatonic River
National Register of Historic Places listings in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
References
Covered bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Bridges in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
Tourist attractions in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Wooden bridges in Massachusetts
Lattice truss bridges in the United States
Sheffield, Massachusetts
Julian Bailey (born May 25, 1977) is a Canadian actor who has had roles in feature films and television series, including Better Off Ted, NCIS, Just Shoot Me!, Judging Amy and Charmed.
Biography
Bailey first appeared to American television audiences in 2002 in the recurring role of Scott Wilson, assistant to Lea Thompson, in the Lifetime network drama, For The People. He later portrayed the comedic recurring role of Vincent, the flirtatious bartender from the 'Indigo Club' on the soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Bailey had a supporting role in the 2009 direct-to-video release Sarah's Choice, which starred Rebecca St. James. He appeared the crime-drama film Acts of Violence, starring Ron Perlman and Leelee Sobieski in 2010 and the feature film comedy, Meeting Spencer starring Jeffrey Tambor in 2011. In 2018, he played the role of Owen in the horror film He's Out There.
He was the voice of Pepito in the popular Madeline specials by Cinar Films, narrated by fellow Montreal native, Christopher Plummer. Bailey also did voices for several anime series, including Jungle Book Shōnen Mowgli, as Mowgli.
He has been acting since he was a child. As a youth, he was a member of The Children's Theatre of Montreal. He was an original member of The Piven Theatre Workshop Subscription Company in Evanston, Illinois, where he was mentored by Byrne Piven, father of actor Jeremy Piven.
Filmography
Film
The Real Story of O Christmas Tree – Karl (1991)
A Bunch of Munsch – Thomas (1992)
The Real Story of Au Clair de La Lune – Jamie (1992)
Christopher Columbus – Young Christopher Columbus (1992)
Betaville – Tony Kash (2001)
Revenge of the Middle-Aged Woman – Richard
S.S. Doomtrooper – Jean-Michele (2006)
Death And Taxis – Joshua (2007)
The Long Night – Craig (2008)
Better Off Ted – Hal (2009)
Sarah's Choice – Matt Evans (2009)
Acts of Violence – Tom (2010)
Meeting Spencer – Emerson Todd (2011)
The History of Love – Jeff (2016)
He's Out There – Owen (2018)
The Hummingbird Project – Elliot (2018)
Dark Phoenix – Shuttle Commander (2019)
Television
Ox Tales – Moe the Mole (1988)
Jungle Book Shonen Mowgli – Mowgli (1989–1990)
Bumpety Boo – Ken (1989)
Nutsberry Town – Snappy Onion (1989)
Saban's Adventures of Peter Pan – Tootles, and additional voices (1990)
Saban's Adventures of the Little Mermaid – additional voices (1991)
Madeline – Pepito (1991)
The Little Lulu Show – additional voices (1995)
For The People – Scott Wilson (2002–2003)
Judging Amy – Clayton Leonard (2002)
Just Shoot Me! – Nick (2003)
NCIS – P.O. Ronald Zuger (2003)
10-8: Officers on Duty – Kenny (2003)
JAG – Lt. Cody Smathers (2005)
Charmed – Copy Editor (2005)
The Conquest of America – Admiral Coligny (2005)
The Young and the Restless – Vincent, Bartender at Indigo (October 27, 2006 – February 2007)
Helix – Lt. Humphries (2015)
The Art of More – Brian Coleman (2015)
Quantico – Agent Hayes/ND FBI Agent (2015)
Real Detective – Detective Parson (2016)
Video games
Rainbow Six: Siege – HQ (2015)
Deus Ex: Mankind Divided – Vlasta Novak, Additional Voices, Red Shoes Inmate (A Criminal Past DLC) (2016)
For Honor – Viking Soldier (2017)
Far Cry 5 – Deputy Sheriff Staci Pratt (2018)
References
External links
1977 births
Canadian male child actors
Canadian male television actors
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male voice actors
Canadian male soap opera actors
Male actors from Montreal
Living people
Christopher McClain Smith (born April 15, 1969) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and the Web.com Tour.
Smith was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, graduating from Rochester Community High School; during his sophomore season (1985), he was the Boys State High School Champion, in his senior season (1987), he finished as the state runner-up in the boys state golf championship. He was awarded the Fred Keesling Award following his high school career. He attended Ohio State University, where he completed a successful collegiate career. He won seven individual titles, including the 1990 Big Ten Championship, the 1991 Robert Kepler Intercollegiate and 5 other events. He was a four-time All-Conference selection in the Big Ten from 1988 to 1991; his other Big Ten Awards include the 1988 Freshman of the Year, the 1990 Player of the Year and the 1990 Les Bolstad Award for lowest stroke average. He was named an All-America selection in 1990 as a junior (honorable mention) and in 1991 as a senior (first team). Smith won the Indiana State Amateur Championship in 1990 and competed in the Sun Bowl Golf Classic in 1990. He was inducted into the Ohio State Varsity O Hall of Fame in 2000.
In 1997, Smith became the first golfer on the Nike Tour (now known as the Web.com Tour) to immediately move up to the PGA Tour by way of the "battlefield promotion", which is awarded to a player who wins three tournaments in one Nike Tour season. In 1997 he was named the Nike Tour Player of the Year and also led the money list.
Smith has won one tournament on the PGA Tour, the 2002 Buick Classic. Smith struggled on the PGA Tour after the win. Smith's best result on the PGA Tour since his sole win in 2002 was when he finished 3rd place at the 2004 Chrysler Classic of Greensboro.
On June 21, 2009, Smith's wife was killed in an automobile accident. His two children were also critically injured.
In 2013 Smith was inducted into the Indiana Golf Hall Of Fame and has been quite successful in the Indiana Golf Association. In 2018 Smith collected another professional win in the Indiana PGA Indianapolis Open.
Smith held a share of the 54-hole lead at the 2015 Puerto Rico Open, but stumbled with a final-round 73 to finish T10. It was his first PGA Tour top-10 in ten years.
Amateur wins
1985 IHSAA Boys State Championship
1985 Indiana (Boys) State Junior
1986 Indiana (Boys) State Junior
1988 Western Junior
1990 Indiana State Amateur, Big Ten Championship (individual)
1991 Robert Kepler Intercollegiate
1988-91 Six additional intercollegiate events
Professional wins (14)
PGA Tour wins (1)
Buy.com Tour wins (5)
*Note: The 1995 Nike Gateway Classic was shortened to 54 holes due to rain.
Buy.com Tour playoff record (1–3)
Hooters Tour wins (1)
1994 Rintoul Open
Other wins (8)
1990 Indiana Match Play
1992 Ohio Open
1994 Ohio Open
2018 Indianapolis Open, Monticello Open, Indiana Section Tournament Series, Southern Open
2020 Indiana PGA Championship
Results in major championships
Note: Smith never played in the Masters Tournament.
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
Results in The Players Championship
CUT = missed the halfway cut
Results in World Golf Championships
"T" = Tied
See also
1995 Nike Tour graduates
1997 Nike Tour graduates
1998 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
2000 Buy.com Tour graduates
List of golfers with most Web.com Tour wins
References
External links
American male golfers
Ohio State Buckeyes men's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Korn Ferry Tour graduates
Golfers from Indiana
Sportspeople from Indianapolis
1969 births
Living people
The men's 100 metre freestyle competition at the 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 22 at the Gold Coast Aquatic Centre. The last champion was Nathan Adrian of US.
This race consisted of two lengths of the pool, both lengths being in freestyle.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Pan Pacific records were as follows:
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
The first round was held on August 22, at 11:00.
B Final
The B final was held on August 22, at 20:19.
A Final
The final was held on August 22, at 20:19.
References
2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
Cayenne is a Canadian short drama film, directed by Simon Gionet and released in February 2020.
Plot
During her shift at a remote gas station, a female clerk ventures in the night to fix a man's broken car, unsure if she should have trusted him.
Accolades
References
External links
2020 films
2020 short films
Quebec films
Films shot in Quebec
Canadian drama short films
2020s Canadian films
Trinity Park may refer to:
Trinity Park, Queensland, a suburb of Cairns, Australia
Trinity Park, Texas, an unincorporated community in the United States
Trinity Historic District, a historic neighborhood in Durham, North Carolina
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1512.
Events
unknown dates
Urbatagirk (, "The Book of Friday"), the first printed book in the Armenian language, is printed in Venice by Hakob Meghapart.
The concept of the masque is brought to Britain by King Henry VIII of England.
New books
Prose
Desiderius Erasmus – Copia: Foundations of the Abundant Style (De Utraque Verborum ac Rerum Copia)
Henry Medwall – Fulgens and Lucrece
Huldrych Zwingli – De Gestis inter Gallos et Helvetios relatio
Il-yeon – The Samguk Yusa (Korean)
Poetry
Hieronymus Angerianus – Erotopaegnion
Stephen Hawes – The Comfort of Lovers
Thomas Murner
Schelmenzunft (Guild of Rogues)
Narrenbeschwörung (Muster of Fools)
Uncertain date
Syr Degore (written pre-1325)
Births
Thomas Sébillet, French writer on poetry (died 1589)
Unknown dates
Thomas Beccon, English Protestant reformer and writer (died 1567)
Cristóvão Falcão, Portuguese poet (died c. 1557)
Deaths
October 14 – Dietrich Gresemund, German humanist writer (born 1477)
Unknown date – Enveri, Ottoman Turkish historian and poet
References
1512
1512 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
Takkari is a 2007 Indian Telugu-language film directed by Amma Rajashekhar. The film stars Nithiin and Sadha. It is a remake of Tamil language film, Thiruvilaiyaadal Aarambam. The film was later dubbed in Malayalam as Gambler and in Hindi as Meri Ladai in 2008.
Plot
Tirupathi (Nithiin) is a brilliant man who wants to become a realtor, much to the chagrin of his father (Chandra Mohan), who doesn't support his goal. Eventually Tirupati wins the heart of a rich girl, Priya (Sadha), sister of a business tycoon and villainous Guru (Sayaji Shinde). He realizes his ambition in real estate. The Guru wants him to drop his sister; Tirupati in return demands money. The villain gives him a cheque from a dubious bank. However, Tirupathi gets his money as he blackmails the heroine's brother, threatening to expose some photos. The villain also plans an IT raid on Tirupathi's companies. However, that plan backfires. Then Guru tries to get his sister married to another, but the hero marries her. The story ends with Tirupathi returning all the money taken from the Guru, who finally accepts the marriage.
Cast
Nithiin as Tirupathi
Sadha as Priya
Sayaji Shinde as Guru
Chandra Mohan as Tirupathi's father
Raghu Babu as Muthukrishna
Venu Madhav
Ali
Sudha
Uttej as Bus conductor
Soundtrack
The soundtrack of the film was composed by Chakri.
Release
Y. Sunita Chowdary of The Hindu noted that "Takkari looks to be exactly what it promises to be-Nitin's return to form".
References
External links
2000s Telugu-language films
2007 films
Telugu remakes of Tamil films
Ikha (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Khubarsky Selsoviet, Kazbekovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 462 as of 2010.
Geography
Ikha is located 19 km east of Dylym (the district's administrative centre) by road. Khubar and Novo-Zubutli are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
Famous residents
Zubair Saydulayev (chairman of the collective farm Friendship, awarded the Order of the Red Star)
References
Rural localities in Kazbekovsky District
Xenon dichloride (XeCl2) is a xenon compound and the only known stable chloride of xenon. The compound can be prepared by using microwave discharges towards the mixture of xenon and chlorine, and it can be isolated from a condensate trap. One experiment tried to use xenon, chlorine and boron trichloride to produce XeCl2·BCl3, but only generated xenon dichloride.
However, it is still doubtful whether xenon dichloride is a true compound or a Van der Waals molecule composed of a xenon atom and a chlorine molecule connected by a secondary bond.
References
Xenon(II) compounds
Chlorides
Nonmetal halides
Van der Waals molecules
The Piscina Mirabilis (Latin "wondrous pool") is an ancient Roman cistern on the Bacoli hill at the western end of the Gulf of Naples, southern Italy. It was one of the largest ancient cisterns. It was built under Augustus as suggested by the building technique of opus reticulatum used in the walls.
The cistern was dug entirely out of the tuff hill and was high, long, and wide. The capacity was . It was supported by vaulted ceilings and a total of 48 pillars.
It was thought to be situated there in order to provide the Roman western imperial fleet at Portus Julius with drinking water, but this is unlikely as the cistern is about 1 km away from the slopes of the promontory of Misenum where the military base and residential area port were located. Also, from the Augustan period the naval base was directly connected to the main Roman aqueduct, the Aqua Augusta, and did not need the cistern. More likely is that the cistern belonged to one of the many luxurious villas built in this area, like the nearby Grotta della Dragonara cistern.
The cistern was supplied with water from the Aqua Augusta, which brought water to most of the sites around Naples from sources in Serino near Avellino, 100 kilometres away.
Water was pumped out of the cistern using machines placed on the roof terrace of the cistern, which were increased in the 2nd century AD by adding a series of supporting barrel-vaulted rooms on the north side.
The ancient cistern is currently in private hands, but it may be visited by the public.
See also
List of Roman cisterns
Basilica Cistern
Cistern of Philoxenos
Theodosius Cistern
Classis Misenensis
References
External links
Official Campania Tourism Site
Mirabilis
Buildings and structures in Campania
Mirabilis
Tourist attractions in Campania
Archaeological sites in Campania
Bacoli
Phlegraean Fields
Shahrak-e Danesh (, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Dānesh; also known as Dānesh, Shādābād, and Shāhābād) is a village in Danesh Rural District, Central District, Qods County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,228, in 1,067 families.
References
Populated places in Qods County
The article contains information about the 2015–16 Iran 3rd Division football season. This is the 4th rated football league in Iran after the Persian Gulf Cup, Azadegan League, and 2nd Division. The league started from September 2015.
In total and in the first round, 60 teams will compete in 5 different groups.
First round
Promotion and Relegation:
Top two teams from each group will promote to second round.
Teams ranked 3rd & 4th in each group will play in first round of next season.
teams ranked 5th and below will relegate to provincial leagues
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Second round
Promotion and Relegation:
Top two teams from each group (total: 6 teams) will promote to second division.
Teams ranked 3rd & 4th and two best placed 5th teams (total: 8 teams) will play in second round of next season.
Teams ranked 6th or below and the worst placed 5th team will play in first round of next season.
Group A
Group B
Group C
References
League 3 (Iran) seasons
4
Kızıllı is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Kileyevo () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Kileyevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 498 as of 2010. There are 10 streets.
Geography
Kileyevo is located 13 km north of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Umirovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Ștefan G. Vârgolici (October 13, 1843–) was a Moldavian, later Romanian poet, critic and translator.
Born in Borlești, Neamț County, he attended secondary school at Academia Mihăileană in Iași, followed by the literature and philosophy faculty at the University of Iași. After obtaining a degree in 1864, Vârgolici continued his studies at Madrid, Paris (where he earned a doctorate in literature), and Berlin. Following his return home, he taught high school in Bârlad and Iași. In 1875, he was hired as a professor at the University of Iași's French language and literature department, which later became the department of the history of modern literatures, particularly Romance. For a time, he was inspector-general of secondary education. In 1871, he joined Junimea society and actively participated in its workings, including literary circles, open lectures and publications. In 1887, he was elected a corresponding member of the Romanian Academy. In the summer of 1897, he was on one of his frequent trips to the Văratec Monastery area; he boarded the train with his wife, fell ill near Iași, probably from a heart attack, was taken home and died that evening. Romanian Orthodox bishop Conon Arămescu-Donici officiated at the funeral mass, and he was buried at Eternitatea cemetery.
Vârgolici's first published works were verses that appeared in 1862 in Bogdan Petriceicu Hasdeu's magazine, Din Moldova. He also contributed to Fulgerul și Trompeta Carpaților, but later confined his submissions to the Junimist organ Convorbiri Literare. He published original poems, literary and philological studies, critical articles and numerous translations; these largely remain in the magazines that ran them. His only published book of fiction, the 1873 novella Recrutul, was a translation from Hendrik Conscience. He also wrote a textbook, , vol. I-II (1875, 1883), and also edited texts such as Aesop's (1875). He sometimes used the pen names S. Vârgolici, S. G. Vargolici, and St. G. Vârgolici.
Around 1871–1872, Vârgolici was involved with a young widow and the relationship resulted in the birth of a child. Vârgolici prepared to marry her and legitimize their position, but his plans were blocked by the intervention of Junimea colleagues Titu Maiorescu, Iacob Negruzzi. and Vasile Pogor. In 1879, the 36-year-old married Natalia Alcaz, who was 20 and the daughter of a very wealthy Iași resident. In 1888, a year after her death, Vârgolici, by then 45, married Natalia's 25-year-old first cousin Elena Tiron, whose father was a leading member of the National Liberal Party's Iași chapter. In 1899, after Vârgolici's death, his daughter Eugenia married archaeologist Teohari Antonescu. He and Elena had one son, Duțu, who lived seven years; two other sons, Ștefan and Iordachi, died in infancy.
Notes
References
Lucian Nastasă, Intimitatea amfiteatrelor. Ipostaze din viața privată a universitarilor "literari" (1864–1948). Cluj-Napoca: Editura Limes, 2010.
1843 births
1897 deaths
People from Neamț County
Members of the Romanian Orthodox Church
Alexandru Ioan Cuza University alumni
Alexandru Ioan Cuza University faculty
Junimists
19th-century Romanian poets
Romanian literary critics
Romanian translators
Romanian textbook writers
Romanian schoolteachers
Romanian civil servants
Corresponding members of the Romanian Academy
Burials at Eternitatea cemetery
Romanian male poets
19th-century male writers
19th-century translators
The Castle of Pinhel () is a Portuguese castle in the civil parish of Pinhel, in the municipality of Pinhel, central-eastern district of Guarda.
It has been listed as a Monumento Nacional National monument since 1950. Located in historic Pinhel, often known as Cidade Falcão, on a hill (overlooking the Côa river and Marofa mountain), it is one of the more important castles along the Côa river Valley.
External links
Pinhel Castle at IPPAR
Pinhel
Pinhel
Pinhel
National monuments in Guarda District
Åke Bertil Lundqvist (9 June 1936 – 4 August 2021) was a Swedish actor.
Lundqvist began his acting career in 1973, when he played a role as the bookkeeper Schröder in Selma Lagerlöf's Gösta Berlings saga.
Filmography
2009 – Ångrarna
2008/2009 & 2012 - Häxan Surtant
2001 – Röd jul
2000 - The Mind's Eye (novel)
Jakten på en mördare (1999)
Beck – Mannen med ikonerna (1997) (TV-film)
1972 – Ture Sventon, privatdetektiv
References
External links
1936 births
2021 deaths
Swedish male film actors
People from Gävle
Litteris et Artibus recipients
Swedish male television actors
20th-century Swedish male actors
21st-century Swedish male actors
In 1979, Loki Schmidt (1919–2010), the spouse of former German Federal chancellor Helmut Schmidt, founded the ("Foundation for the protection of endangered plants") which became the ("Foundation Nature Conservancy Hamburg and for the protection of endangered plants") in 1985. One of the main purposes of this organisation is a public awareness campaign about the ecological value of wildflowers. This campaign which celebrate a wildflower of the year was established in 1980. The announcement for the flower of the year is often published in October and events to protect the critically endangered, endangered or vulnerable wildflowers are organised. In 2003, Schmidt published a book about this campaign with watercolour illustrations of the plants by herself and a foreword titled "With Loki's eyes" written by Siegfried Lenz.
List of wildflowers announced as Flower of the Year in Germany
References
External links
Official website of the Loki Schmidt Stiftung that initiated the Flower of the Year Campaign
Lists of endangered species
Lists of biota of Germany
Zygaenosia fuliginosa is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1913. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
References
Nudariina
Moths described in 1913
Zygaenosia
South Guard is a remote 13,232-foot-elevation (4,033 meter) mountain summit located near the northern end of the Great Western Divide of the Sierra Nevada mountain range, in Tulare County of northern California. It is situated in Kings Canyon National Park, south of North Guard, and one mile south of Mount Brewer, which is the nearest higher neighbor. Topographic relief is significant as the west aspect rises 4,600 feet (1,400 meters) above Cloud Canyon in 3.5 miles, and the east aspect rises 3,200 feet (976 meters) above Lake Reflection in two miles. South Guard ranks as the 103rd highest summit in California, and the third-highest point of the northern Great Western Divide.
History
The names South Guard and North Guard first appeared on either side of Mt. Brewer on Lieutenant Milton F. Davis' map of 1896. The first ascent of South Guard's lower 12,964-ft peak was made July 26, 1916, by Walter L. Huber, James Rennie, Florence C. Burrell, and Inezetta Holt. The main 13,232-ft summit was first climbed July 17, 1925, by Norman Clyde, who is credited with 130 first ascents, most of which were in the Sierra Nevada. A possibility exists that this peak may have been climbed by Clarence King and Richard D. Cotter on July 4, 1864.
Climate
South Guard is located in an alpine climate zone. Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean, and travel east toward the Sierra Nevada mountains. As fronts approach, they are forced upward by the peaks, causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall onto the range (orographic lift). Precipitation runoff from the east side of the mountain drains to Bubbs Creek, and west to Roaring River, which are both tributaries of the South Fork Kings River.
See also
List of mountain peaks of California
References
External links
Weather forecast: South Guard
Mountains of Tulare County, California
Mountains of Kings Canyon National Park
North American 4000 m summits
Mountains of Northern California
Sierra Nevada (United States)
"Who Could Win a Rabbit" is the first single from experimental pop band Animal Collective's fifth album, Sung Tongs.
Similar to the remainder of Sung Tongs, the song features a prominent usage of acoustic guitar. The song has a quick structure and, with regards to lyricism, is rather oblique and seemingly nonsensical. It also possesses an unusual time signature. Based in 3/4, which has been used repeatedly by the band, it has two sporadic bars in 4/4 and a bridge in 5/4.
It was ranked by Pitchfork Media to be the 14th best single of 2000-2004. The song "Baby Day" is included on the single as a b-side.
Music video
The music video for Who Could Win A Rabbit was directed by Danny Perez, who subsequently directed the Animal Collective visual album ODDSAC. The video features Avey Tare and Panda Bear as a rabbit and turtle respectively, racing each other in the same vein as Aesop's fable, The Tortoise and the Hare, while Geologist and Deakin are spectators of the race. The video ends with Panda Bear killing Tare and eating his bloody remains.
Track listing
References
2004 singles
Animal Collective songs
2004 songs
An engineer is a professional practitioner in various disciplines of engineering.
Engineer may also refer to:
Occupations
Audio engineer or sound mixer, an operator of recording, broadcasting and mixing consoles
Flight engineer, an operator of aircraft systems
Engine officer, also called an engineer, an operator of propulsion systems in the engine department of a ship
Railroad engineer, an operator of a locomotive
Stationary engineer, an operator of boilers, turbines and generators
Engineer officer, a type of military officer in charge of military engineering
A soldier who performs building, digging, repairing and similar work:
Combat engineer
Pioneer (military)
Sapper
Arts, entertainment, and media
Fictional characters
Engineer (comics), the title of two Wildstorm comics characters
Engineer (Team Fortress 2), a playable class in the video game
Engineers, a race of aliens, forerunners of humanity, from the 2012 film Prometheus
The Engineer (comics), a comics character and a member of The Authority (superhero team)
Music
Groups
Engineer (band), an American metal band
Engineers (band), a British rock band
Albums
Engineers (Engineers album), 2005
Engineers (Gary Numan album), 1980
Other arts, entertainment, and media
Engineer (film), a Tamil language film originally slated to be released in 1999
The Engineer (UK magazine), a United Kingdom magazine first published 1856
Engineer (US magazine), a magazine published by the U.S. Army Engineer School
The Western Electric Engineer, also published as The Engineer, by Western Electric
School-related
Engineer's degree, a graduate degree ranking higher than Master of Philosophy but lower than Doctor of Philosophy
Engineer, a student or alumnus of Brooklyn Technical High School
Engineer, an alumnus of one of the French Grandes Écoles
MIT Engineers, the name of Massachusetts Institute of Technology sports teams
RPI Engineers, the name of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute sports teams
Other uses
Engineer (name)
Engineer (horse), an English Thoroughbred stallion
The Engineer (inn), an inn in Cambridge subsequently renamed The Crown and then The Flying Pig
Ratna Vajra Rinpoche (born 19 November 1974), is a Tibetan Buddhist teacher and the 42nd Sakya Trizin, considered one of the highest qualified lineage masters of both the esoteric and exoteric traditions of Buddhist philosophy and meditation. He is a descendant of the famous Khon family in Tibet, which holds an unbroken lineage of great and famous masters for over a thousand years. He is the eldest son of the 41st Sakya Trizin Ngawang Kunga. He teaches Buddhism and travels extensively throughout Europe, Asia, Australia, New Zealand and North America. Ratna Vajra was enthroned as the head of the Sakya school on 9 March 2017. On 16 March 2022, the throne of the Sakya school was passed by Ratna Vajra to his younger brother Gyana Vajra, who became the 43rd Sakya Trizin.
Education
From birth, Rinpoche has been the recipient of blessings, empowerments, initiations and teachings from many of the foremost high lamas and scholars of this age. Most of these were bestowed by the 41st Sakya Trizin and others were bestowed by the 14th Dalai Lama, Chogye Trichen Rinpoche (1920–2007), Luding Khenchen Rinpoche and Dezhung Rinpoche (1906–1987). In addition to receiving many empowerments and teachings from the Sakya Trizin, he learned many facets of traditional rituals from him also.
On the 14th day of the 11th Tibetan lunar month, the anniversary of Sakya Pandita (20 December 1980), he began to receive the cycle of the precious uncommon Lam Dre teachings from the Sakya Trizin for the first time at Sakya Thubten Namgyal Ling monastery in Puruwala, India.
At the age of six, he started his formal education under the tutorship of Venerable Rinchen Sangpo. He took his first oral examination on 10 October 1981 in the presence of his tutor Sakya Trizin and prominent members of the Sakya Centre on The Remembrance of the Triple Gem, The Three Heap Sutra, The Confession Sutra, the extended lineage Guru's prayers and several other texts. Since then, he has taken many oral examinations, including the examinations in which he had to lead special rituals in the Sakya Centre. In 1986 he performed his first meditation retreat together with his mother, Gyalyum Kushok Tashi Lhakee.
In 1987, when Rinpoche was fourteen, he passed his first major examination at the Sakya Centre, Rajpur, India. Two years later, he completed all his basic studies of different rituals and scriptures. The following year, he entered the Sakya College and studied there for seven years. During that time, he studied Buddhist philosophy mainly under Khenpo Ngawang Lekshey Kunga Rinpoche (aka. Khenpo Migmar Tsering. 1955–1999). In 1998, he graduated with a Kachupa Degree, which is equivalent to a Bachelor's Degree.
From his adolescent years to adulthood, Rinpoche has sought and received numerous teachings from the great Sakya scholars including Khenchen Appey Rinpoche (1927–2010), Khenpo Kunga Wangchuk Rinpoche (1921–2008) and Khenpo Lungrik Senge. He has also completed many retreats on the principal deities of the Sakya tradition.
Family
On 12 September 2002, Ratna Vajra Rinpoche married Dagmo Kalden Dunkyi. Their first child, daughter Jetsunma Kunga Trinley Palter Sakya was born on 2 January 2007, the Parinirvana Day of Sakya Pandita, which is considered auspicious according to Tibetan custom.
Their son, Dungsay Akasha Vajra Rinpoche, was born on 27 March 2010, the 12th day of the 2nd month of the Tibetan calendar, the anniversary of the Paranirvana of Jetsun Drakpa Gyaltsen. His birth was accompanied by a slight earthquake in New Delhi where he was born. Such an event is considered an auspicious sign according to Tibetan belief. It portends that a great being has entered this world. On 24 January 2013 their second daughter, Jetsunma Kunga Chimey Wangmo Sakya, was born in Dehra Dun, India.
Ratna Vajra Rinpoche oversees the management of many Sakya monasteries and Sakya centers throughout the world.
References
External links
http://www.glorioussakya.org/
http://www.sakya-foundation.de/
http://www.fundacionsakya.org/
http://www.sakyabristol.org/
http://www.dechen.org/buddhist-centres/london
https://www.sakyatrizinenthronement.org/
https://www.facebook.com/sakyatrizinenthronement/
Sakya Trizins
1974 births
Living people
Rinpoches
20th-century lamas
Richard Plant (born 16 November 1989 in Sheffield, South Yorkshire) is a British racing driver. Plant was Formula Palmer Audi champion in 2009. After taking a sabbatical from racing in 2010 due to an illness in his family, he returned to the track in 2011 to compete in the Porsche Carrera Cup Great Britain.
References
External links
Official website
1989 births
Living people
English racing drivers
Sportspeople from Sheffield
Formula Palmer Audi drivers
Porsche Supercup drivers
Porsche Carrera Cup GB drivers
1810 was the 24th season of cricket in England since the foundation of Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). William Ward made his debut in important matches and The Bs were dismissed for a total of only 6.
Honours
Most runs – William Lambert 396 (HS 132*)
Most wickets – William Lambert 31
Events
The Bs were bowled out for six in the second innings of their match against All-England at Lord's Old Ground on 14 June: the innings contained only three scoring strokes, with Edward Budd unable to bat due to injury. This total of six remains the record for the lowest innings total in first-class cricket.
The match in August between Captain Blagrave's XI and Colonel Byng's XI is the last known to have been played on Lord's Old Ground.
An American visitor drew a sharp distinction between cricket as played in England and "our cricket", referring especially to the "old long low wicket" still used in America.
The impact of the Napoleonic War had been felt by cricket since 1797, when inter-county matches simply ceased, and there had been a steady decline in both number and quality of major matches during the first decade of the 19th century until they became few and far between after 1810. Nevertheless, the impact of this war was less severe than that of the Seven Years' War because of the existence this time of MCC and other well-organised clubs like Brighton and Montpelier. These clubs managed to co-ordinate cricket activities during the war emergency and, as it were, keep the game going. Only 7 first-class matches were recorded in 1810:
29–31 May — Lord F Beauclerk's XI v E Bligh's XI @ Lord's Old Ground
12–14 June — All-England v The Bs @ Lord's Old Ground
19–21 June — All-England v Surrey @ Lord's Old Ground
2–4 July — Over 38 v Under 38 @ Lord's Old Ground
16–18 July — All-England v Surrey @ Lord's Old Ground
24–25 July — Over 38 v Under 38 @ Lord's Old Ground
13–15 August — Captain Blagrave's XI v Colonel Byng's XI @ Lord's Old Ground
Debutants
1810 debutants included:
William Ward (MCC)
John Bowyer (Surrey)
James Sherman (Surrey)
References
Bibliography
Further reading
1810 in English cricket
English cricket seasons from 1787 to 1815
Light Blue: Arthur Blythe Plays Thelonious Monk is jazz saxophonist Arthur Blythe's sixth album for the Columbia label recorded in New York City in 1983. The album features Blythe's quintet performing six compositions by Thelonious Monk.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars and states "these creative players (and the unusual instrumentation) put a fresh slant on Monk's music. Blythe's passionate sound throughout this inspired set is consistently memorable".
Track listing
All compositions by Thelonious Monk
"We See" - 6:30
"Light Blue" - 5:12
"Off Minor" - 6:48
"Epistrophy" - 8:38
"Coming On the Hudson" - 6:05
"Nutty" - 6:45
Recorded at CBS Recording Studios, New York
Personnel
Arthur Blythe - alto saxophone
Abdul Wadud - cello
Kelvyn Bell - guitar
Bob Stewart - tuba
Bobby Battle - drums
References
1983 albums
Columbia Records albums
Arthur Blythe albums
Thelonious Monk tribute albums
Margaret Hope Bacon (born Margaret Hope Borchardt; April 7, 1921 – February 24, 2011) was an American Quaker historian, author and lecturer. She is primarily known for her biographies and works involving Quaker women's history and the abolitionist movement. Her most famous book is her biography of Lucretia Mott, Valiant Friend, published in 1980.
Biography
Mrs. Bacon spent her early childhood in New York City and moved to Florida as an adolescent. She went to Antioch College, where she met her husband, Allen Bacon. During World War II, she accompanied her husband to work at Springfield Hospital in Sykesville, Maryland as his assignment for conscientious objector status. She also worked at the American Friends Service Committee for many years and was the inspiration for the rehabilitation of the Fair Hill Burial Ground, a historic Quaker cemetery in North Philadelphia and the final resting place of abolitionists Lucretia Mott and Robert Purvis. Mrs. Bacon authored biographies of both Mott and Purvis. A longtime trustee and Vice President of the Pennsylvania Abolition Society, she wrote a feature article titled "The Pennsylvania Abolition Society's Mission for Black Education" for the Historical Society of Pennsylvania's November 2005 newsletter. She was a founding board member of Women's Way, the country's oldest and largest funding federation for women's organizations. Bacon died at her home at Crosslands in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania on February 24, 2011.
Awards
City of Philadelphia Human Rights award, 1976
Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters, Swarthmore College, 1981
City of Philadelphia Citation for Contributions to Women's History, 1987
Works
Non-fiction
The Quiet Rebels: The Story of Quakers in America (1969).
Lamb's warrior: The life of Isaac T. Hopper (1970)
I speak for my Slave Sister; the life of Abby Kelly Foster (1974)
Rebellion at Christiana (1975)
Valiant Friend: The life of Lucretia Mott (1980)
As the way opens: the story of Quaker women in America (1980).
Mothers of feminism: The story of Quaker Women in America (1986).
Let this life speak: The legacy of Henry Joel Cadbury (1987).
One woman's passion for peace and freedom: The life of Mildred Olmsted (1992).
Wilt thou go on my errand? The journals of three eighteenth century Quaker women (1994).
The quiet rebels: The story of Quakers in America (1999).
Love is the hardest lesson (a memoir) (1999)
Abby Hopper Gibbons: Prison reformer and social activist (2000).
In the shadow of William Penn: Central Philadelphia Monthly Meeting (2001).
Sarah Mapps Douglass: Faithful attender of Quaker Meeting (2003).
Back to Africa: Benjamin Coates and the colonization movement in America, 1848-1880. (2005), edited by Emma J. Lapsansky-Werner and Margaret Hope Bacon.
But one race: the life of Robert Purvis (2007).
Fiction
The night they burned Pennsylvania Hall: a chapter in the struggle for liberation of slaves and women. (1992) (a play for children)
Year of grace (2002).
The back bench (2007.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20110720233804/http://quakerbooks.org/MargaretHopeBacon?xfsid=csrs3boml1b8u1nlc1v1pltdp5
http://www.psupress.org/books/titles/0-271-02684-7.html
https://www.nytimes.com/1987/02/01/books/friends-indeed.html?pagewanted=1
https://web.archive.org/web/20091008175303/http://www.pym.org/philadelphia-qm/docs/HopeBacon_ButOne.pdf
1921 births
2011 deaths
American non-fiction writers
Writers from New York City
Antioch College alumni
The Hydra Trophy is the trophy awarded to the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA) team that wins the WFTDA Championship Tournament at the conclusion of every WFTDA roller derby season.
Named in honor of Hydra, founding member of the WFTDA and first president of the association, the Hydra Trophy was first presented to the 2008 champions at the Northwest Knockdown in Portland, Oregon.
Winners
Since its creation, the Hydra Trophy has been awarded eight times, with the Gotham Girls Roller Derby All-Stars winning five times, including a four-year run from 2011-2014.
Before the Hydra Trophy:
References
Women's Flat Track Derby Association
Awards established in 2008
American sports trophies and awards
The slate-coloured seedeater (Sporophila schistacea) is a bird species in the family Thraupidae.
Distribution
The bird's natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and heavily degraded former forests.
It is found in southern parts of Central America, the southwestern Amazon Basin, Colombia, Venezuela, Trinidad and Tobago and the Guianas.
References
slate-coloured seedeater
Birds of Central America
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
slate-coloured seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Cherimoya (4 May 1908 – 1927) was a Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1911 Epsom Oaks in the only start of her racing career. Cherimoya was bred and owned by South African mining magnate William Broderick Cloete, who was killed in 1915 during the sinking of . Her most notable offspring were the fillies Sunny Moya and Una Cameron. Cherimoya was euthanised in 1927.
Background
Cherimoya was bred by W. Broderick Cloete and was foaled on 4 May 1908 at his Hare Park estate near London. Cloete was a South African mining entrepreneur who had campaigned the 1885 2000 Guineas winner Paradox. Cherimoya's sire, Cherry Tree, was bred by Cloete and was sold as a yearling in 1892 to American turfman Marcus Daly for 4,000 guineas; Daly relocated him to his Bitterroot Stud in the Bitterroot Valley of Montana. He was named Matt Byrnes (after a noted horse trainer) in the United States and raced with some success. Cloete repurchased the horse from Daly for $25,000 in October 1897 and renamed him Cherry Tree. Cherimoya's dam, Svelte, was also bred by Cloete and was not a successful racehorse. She was exclusively bred to Cherry Tree whilst owned by Cloete, producing five full-siblings to Cherimoya.
Cherimoya was a described by The Sydney Morning Herald as a "fine, substantial, big boned filly."
Racing career
Racing for Broderick Cloete, Cherimoya won The Oaks in the only official start of her racing career. Cloete's racing colours were a crimson shirt with black and white sleeves and a black cap. Cherimoya was trained by Charles Marsh at Newmarket and was a promising racehorse in her two-year-old trials. A few days before her anticipated first start at Sandown in the National Breeders' Produce Stakes, Cherimoya cut one of her fetlock joints after an exercise session when she was startled by a bird and fell over "a heap of stones" used for mending a nearby road. The injury prevented Cherimoya from competing the rest of the season and she was sidelined until her start in the Oaks.
1911 Epsom Oaks
On 2 June, Cherimoya started in the Oaks Stakes in a field of 21 horses. Cherimoya held a good position from the start of the race, taking the lead a quarter of a mile from the finish and winning easily by three lengths over the betting favourite Tootles. Cherimoya was an unanticipated winner, factoring at 20 to 1 odds in the betting pools, and her win reportedly left "the spectators too dumbfounded to cheer." She was ridden by a 16-year-old apprentice jockey named Fred Winter, later a successful horse trainer and the father of champion jockey and trainer Fred Winter.
Cherimoya was entered in the St. James Stakes at Kempton Park held in August, but did not run in the race. The Times speculated that her absence was "in consequence of the hard ground" at the racecourse. The filly was withdrawn from further racing engagements in October 1911 due to trouble from "contracted feet." Cherimoya returned to training as a four-year-old, but injury again prevented her from running in the Coronation Stakes and Cesarewich Stakes. Cherimoya never raced again and was retired to Cloete's stud at Hare Park in 1913.
Stud career
Cherimoya was retired in 1913 to Broderick Cloete's stud at Hare Park. Cloete was killed on 7 May 1915 while en route from Mexico to England during the attack and sinking of . After the death of Cloete, Cherimoya was sold for $11,500 in 1915 to Sir Thomas Dewar. The proprietors of the Wickliffe Stud, American turfmen James C. Corrigan and Price McKinney, were interested in purchasing Cherimoya but their bid via cablegram for the mare was delayed. By 1918, Cherimoya had been relocated to J.B. Joel's Childwickbury Stud in St. Albans, Hertfordshire. Cherimoya was euthanised in October 1927.
Cherimoya's most notable offspring were the fillies Sunny Moya (foaled in 1917 by Sunstar) and Una Cameron (foaled in 1922 by Gainsborough). Sunny Moya was a dam of the colts The Mac Nab and Sunny Trace. Una Cameron was the dam of the Epsom Derby winner Cameronian.
Pedigree
References
1908 racehorse births
1927 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in the United Kingdom
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Thoroughbred family 1-t
Epsom Oaks winners
Jaroslav Pollák (11 July 1947 – 26 June 2020) was a Slovak footballer who played as a midfielder. He played for Czechoslovakia national team in 49 matches and scored one goal.
He was a participant at the 1970 FIFA World Cup, where he played in a match against England, at Euro 1976, where his team won the gold medal, and also at Euro 1980.
Pollák played for more than 10 years for FC VSS Košice.
Death
Pollák died on 26 June 2020 at the age of 72.
References
1947 births
Slovak footballers
Czechoslovak footballers
FC VSS Košice players
AC Sparta Prague players
1970 FIFA World Cup players
UEFA Euro 1976 players
UEFA Euro 1980 players
UEFA European Championship-winning players
Czechoslovakia international footballers
2020 deaths
Czechoslovak expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Czechoslovak expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Association football midfielders
People from Košice-okolie District
FC Red Bull Salzburg players
FK Dukla Banská Bystrica players
The South Australian PGA Championship was a professional golf tournament played in South Australia. It was first held in 1927.
History
The first South Australian Professional Championship was held in 1927 and was a 72-hole stroke-play event. It was won by Rufus Stewart, four ahead of Fergus McMahon. Stewart had recently won the Australian Open. McMahon won in 1928, 1929 and 1930, and as a three-time winner he permanently kept the trophy that had been presented in 1927. With only a small number of professional in the state, there were only four different winners in the first 15 championships. Stewart won 6 times and McMahon 5 times, while Alf Toogood won twice, before he moved to Tasmania, and Willie Harvey also won twice, in 1938 and 1940. The format changed to match-play in 1937, all matches being over 36 holes. In 1937 and 1938 there were just 8 entries and a straight knock-out format was used. However, there were 9 entries in 1939 and a 36-hole qualifying stage was used to reduce the field to 8. In 1940 the qualifying stage was retained but just four players advanced to the match-play stage. The 1941 event was reduced to a single day, with 36 holes of stroke-play.
The championship resumed in 1946, using the 1940 format with four players qualifying, and this format was retained for a number of years. From 1946 to 1950 only 16 players qualified for the Australian PGA Championship. Each state was allocated a specific number of places and organised their own qualifying event for those places. South Australia was allocated just one place. In 1946 there was a 36-hole qualifying event but from 1947 to 1950 the winner of the South Australian Professional Championship qualified.
In 1952 there was a dispute between the two finalists, Brian Crafter and Fred Thompson. Crafter won the match at the 38th hole but at the 35th hole he had lifted and dropped his ball away from a staked tree. Thompson objected and the matter was not fully resolved until just before the 1953 event, confirming Crafter as the winner.
Winners
References
Former PGA Tour of Australasia events
Golf tournaments in Australia
Golf in South Australia
Recurring sporting events established in 1927
1927 establishments in Australia
The Discocephalinae are a subfamily of shield bugs, erected by Fieber in 1860, and found worldwide.
Tribes and genera
BioLib lists the following genera in two tribes:
Discocephalini
Auth.: Fieber, 1860
†Acanthocephalonotum Petrulevičius & Popov, 2014
Abascantus (insect) Stål, 1864
Ablaptus Stål, 1864
Acclivilamna Ruckes, 1966
Agaclitus Stål, 1864
Alcippus Stål, 1867
Allinocoris Ruckes, 1966
Alveostethus Ruckes, 1966
Anhanga Distant, 1887
Antiteuchus Dallas, 1851
Braunus Distant, 1899
Callostethus Ruckes, 1961
Cataulax Spinola, 1837
Colpocarena Stål, 1868
Dinocoris Burmeister, 1835
Discocephala Laporte, 1833
Discocephalessa Kirkaldy, 1909
Dryptocephala Laporte, 1833
Eurystethus Mayr, 1864
Glyphuchus Stål, 1860
Grassator Ruckes, 1965
Harpagogaster Kormilev, 1957
Ischnopelta Stål, 1868
Lineostethus Ruckes, 1966
Mecistorhinus Dallas, 1851
Oncodochilus Fieber, 1851
Opophylax Bergroth, 1918
Pandonotum Ruckes, 1965
Paralcippus Becker & Grazia, 1986
Parantiteuchus Ruckes, 1962
Parvamima Ruckes, 1960
Patronatus Ruckes, 1965
Pelidnocoris Stål, 1867
Phineus (insect) Stål, 1862
Phoeacia Stål, 1862
Placidocoris Ruckes, 1965
Platycarenus Fieber, 1860
Priapismus Distant, 1889
Psorus Bergroth, 1914
Ruckesiocoris Rider, 1998
Sachana Amyot & Serville, 1843
Sympiezorhincus Spinola, 1837
Tetragonotum Ruckes, 1965
Uncinala Ruckes, 1965
Unicrus Ruckes, 1966
Ochlerini
Auth.: Rolston, 1981
Adoxoplatys Breddin, 1903
Alathetus Dallas, 1851
Alitocoris Sailer, 1950
Barola Rolston, 1992
Brachelytron Ruckes, 1958
Catulona Rolston, 1992
Clypona Rolston, 1992
Coranda Rolston, 1992
Cromata Ruckes, 1992
Eritrachys Ruckes, 1959
Forstona Rolston, 1992
Herrichella Distant, 1911
Hondocoris Thomas, 2004
Lincus Stål, 1867
Macropygium Spinola, 1837
Melambyrsus Breddin, 1912
Miopygium Breddin, 1904
Moncus Stål, 1867
Neoadoxoplatys Kormilev, 1956
Ocellatocoris Campos & Grazia, 2001
Ochlerus Spinola, 1837
Orbatina Ruckes, 1960
Paralincus Distant, 1911
Parochlerus Breddin, 1904
Phereclus (insect) Stål, 1862
Pseudadoxoplatys Rolston, 1992
Schaefferella Spinola, 1850
Schraderiellus Rider, 1998
Similiforstona Campos & Grazia, 2000
Stalius Rolston, 1992
Tetrochlerus Breddin, 1904
Uvaldus Rolston, 1992
Unplaced genera
Nigrisagitta Rosso & Campos
Parastalius Matesco, Grazia & Campos, 2007
Stapecolis Garbelotto & Campos, 2016
Xynocoris Garbelotto & Campos, 2014
References
External links
Pentatomidae
Hemiptera subfamilies
Shield bugs
Xenosoma dubia is a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Warren in 1900. It is found in Ecuador.
References
Arctiinae
Elections to the Assam Legislative Assembly were held in April 1996 to elect members of 114 constituencies in Assam, India. The Indian National Congress (INC) won the popular vote, but the Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) won the most seats and Prafulla Kumar Mahanta was appointed as the Chief Minister of Assam for his second term. The number of constituencies was set as 126, by the recommendation of the Delimitation Commission of India, but elections were held in only 122 constituencies. The constituencies of Dispur, Dergaon, Nazira and Margherita did not go to polls immediately, but they had polls in November 1996.
Background
The Chief Minister of Assam, Hiteswar Saikia, died in Delhi, on 22 April 1996, just 5 days before the election. Bhumidhar Barman was sworn in as chief-minister, but since the INC wasn't able to form the government after the election, his tenure was just 22 days.
In 1993, the breakaway group of the AGP, the Natun Asom Gana Parishad, merged back with the AGP. Additionally, the AGP formed a five-party alliance before the elections, with the CPI, the CPI(M), the ASDC and the UMFA.
Result
Elected members
Aftermath
On 6 May 1996, the Minister for Rural Development, and candidate for the Golaghat Assembly constituency, Nagen Neog was killed, by suspected terrorists. Along with him, 8 other people, including his driver, and 5 bodyguards, also died.
Bye-elections
See also
List of constituencies of the Assam Legislative Assembly
1996 elections in India
References
Assam
State Assembly elections in Assam
1990s in Assam
Love Rules is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music singer-songwriter Carolyn Dawn Johnson. The album was released through iTunes in the United States on July 21, 2010. The album was also released on August 10, 2010 in Canada through Dancing Lily Music and Universal Music Canada.
Track listing
Chart performance
Singles
References
2010 albums
Carolyn Dawn Johnson albums
Albums produced by Frank Rogers (record producer)
Universal Music Canada albums
The Council of Ireland was a body established under the Government of Ireland Act 1920, initially with jurisdiction over both Northern Ireland and Southern Ireland.
Council of Ireland may also refer to
Privy Council of Ireland, de jure Irish government from the English conquest until 1921, and often called "Council of Ireland" in earlier centuries.
Council of Ireland (1970s) short-lived cross-border body established under the Sunningdale Agreement
See also
Irish Council (disambiguation)
Phyllonorycter tritaenianella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Québec in Canada and Illinois, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Connecticut and Massachusetts in the United States.
The wingspan is 7–8 mm.
The larvae feed on Ostrya species, including Ostrya virginiana and Ostrya virginica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a rather large roundish blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf. At first the mine is a flat blotch, and the loosened epidermis is white, sparsely speckled with brown. Later, by contraction of the epidermis, the mine becomes roomy and tentiform and the leaf is completely folded over. The larva is green and of the cylindrical type, and spins a thin ovoid silken cocoon, fastened to the leaf above and below.
References
External links
Phyllonorycter at microleps.org
mothphotographersgroup
Bug Guide
tritaenianella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1871
Minuscule 756 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε1128 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament written on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. The manuscript has no complex contents. Scrivener labelled it as 772e.
Description
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 179 parchment leaves (size ), with some lacunae (Matthew 5:1-6:15; 6:29-8:12; John 4:31-21:25). The leaves are arranged in quarto (four leaves in quire).
The text is written in one column per page, 21 lines per page. It contains lectionary markings at the margin for liturgical use.
Text
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it as K text, established by Lucian of Antioch ca. 300 A.D. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual family Kx in Luke 1, Luke 10, and Luke 20.
History
Scrivener and Gregory dated the manuscript to the 11th century. The manuscript is currently dated by the INTF to the 11th century.
The manuscript was written by Michael, a scribe; it belonged to Stephanus, a scribe. In 1892 it was held in Athens.
It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (772) and Gregory (756).
The manuscript is now housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Suppl. Gr. 1083) in Paris.
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
Minuscule 755
References
Further reading
Greek New Testament minuscules
11th-century biblical manuscripts
Bibliothèque nationale de France collections
Cheroh is a small village in the north of Raub District, Pahang, Malaysia, with a population of about 5,000 people. Agriculture is the main occupation. There is a golf course located 1.5 km before the village from the direction of Raub.
Schools in Cheroh:
SRJK(C) Cheroh
SRJC(T) Cheroh
References
Raub District
Villages in Pahang
The refers to the vanished inland sea formerly located in the eastern part of the ancient Kantō Plain connected to the Pacific Ocean, between the prefectures of Ibaraki and Chiba in Japan.
Inland sea
In the Jōmon period part of the Kantō Plain was covered by the sea, due to the Holocene glacial retreat, which peaked about 6,000 years ago.
After thousands of years the land rose and the sea receded, and in the Yayoi period and the Kofun period much of the area was covered by wetlands, lakes and lagoons.
Over the centuries the sea decreased in size, a further cause of which was the deposition of volcanic ash from the nearby mountains and around Kantō. The volcanic ash fell in great quantity, and was also carried by the wind, by the rain, spilled into the rivers, from where it reached the Katori Sea and the Pacific Ocean. Additionally the sediments and rocks that flowed in the rivers influenced the decrease in size of the Katori.
Later the Lake Kasumigaura was formed from the remains of the inland sea.
Edo Period
During the Tokugawa Shogunate in the Edo period, because of the food situation in Edo City, the recovery and development of the flooded lands and the sea became necessary, so the Tone River project was carried out. The Tone River originally discharged into the Tokyo Bay, but was diverted to flow into the Pacific Ocean (Kashima-nada); the courses of the rivers in this area were adequate to channel any overflow and avoid large floods. Lake Katori disappeared, and the desalination began of the lakes and lagoons that it left behind. The project encouraged canal farming, and irrigation was actively developed.
Present
The remains of the inland sea are present in the Nishiura, Kitaura and Sotonasakaura lakes of the Kasumigaura and in the Teganuma and Inbanuma lagoons.
See also
Suigō-Tsukuba Quasi-National Park
References
External links
this article contains information from the existing Japanese Wikipedia article at 香取海 (Katori Sea) and 縄文海進 (Jōmon Kaishin).
Landforms of Ibaraki Prefecture
Landforms of Chiba Prefecture
Invasion of Tibet may refer to:
Bakhtiyar Khilji's Tibet campaign (1206)
Mongol invasions of Tibet (13th century)
Dzungar invasion of Tibet (1717)
Chinese expedition to Tibet (1720)
Gurkha invasions of Tibet (1788 and 1791)
Sikh invasion of Tibet (1841–1842)
British expedition to Tibet (1903–1904)
Chinese expedition to Tibet (1910)
Annexation of Tibet by the People's Republic of China (1950)
Battle of Chamdo (1950)
Peter Hilse (born 8 May 1962) is a former German racing cyclist. He won the German National Road Race in 1987. He rode in one Tour de France, six editions of the Vuelta a España and one Giro d'Italia. He won stage 16 of the 1989 Vuelta.
Major results
1983
3rd Overall Flèche du Sud
9th Overall GP Tell
1984
2nd Overall GP Tell
1986
1st GP Villafranca de Ordizia
1st Barcelona-Andorra
2nd Overall Vuelta a Andalucía
1st Stages 3 & 5b (ITT)
3rd Klasika Primavera
1987
1st Road race, National Road Championships
1st Subida al Naranco
2nd Overall Setmana Catalana de Ciclisme
1st Stage 2
5th Overall Vuelta a Andalucía
1988
1st Stage 1 Trofeu Joaquim Agostinho
2nd Klasika Primavera
7th Overall Paris-Nice
1989
1st Stage 16 Vuelta a España
1st Subida al Naranco
2nd Overall Vuelta a Castilla y León
3rd Overall Vuelta a Andalucía
9th Overall Vuelta a La Rioja
1990
1st Overall Vuelta a Cantabria
1st Stage 3 Vuelta a Burgos
1991
1st Stage 4 Vuelta a Andalucía
2nd Trofeo Comunidad Foral de Navarra
3rd Overall Volta a la Comunitat Valenciana
1992
8th Overall Vuelta a Andalucía
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
German male cyclists
Sportspeople from Freiburg im Breisgau
German cycling road race champions
Cyclists from Baden-Württemberg
The Kubicek AV-1 is a hot-air airship designed and built in the Czech Republic by Kubicek Limited. The AV-1 was built as an advertising airship for the TICO group of Prague and first flew on the 16 October 1993.
Specification
References
Notes
Bibliography
Airships
Balloons (aeronautics)
Individual balloons (aircraft)
Airships of the Czech Republic
Mary Villiers, Lady Herbert of Shurland is a oil painting on canvas by Anthony van Dyck. It is a portrait of Mary Stewart, Duchess of Richmond as a young widow (pointing to her mourning brooch), before she married for the second time to the Duke of Richmond.
References
1636 paintings
Paintings by Anthony van Dyck
Paintings in the collection of the Timken Museum of Art
Etheldreda Nakimuli-Mpungu (born 1974) is a professor, researcher, epidemiologist and psychiatrist at the Department of Psychiatry in the Faculty of Medicine, Makerere University in Uganda. Her research is particularly focused on supportive group psychotherapy as a first-line treatment for depression in people with HIV. She is one of only five recipients of the Elsevier Foundation Award for Early Career Women Scientists in the Developing World in Biological Sciences, as well as listed at one of the BBC's 100 Women in 2020.
Education
Nakimuli-Mpungu graduated in Medicine from Makerere University's Faculty of Health Sciences in 1998. When she announced the news to her mother, her mother replied: “OK, good. But you know it's not good just to be a doctor, you go to some doctors and they don't make you feel better. I want you to be one of the doctors who really do good for people". Her career began in Kampala, where she worked first in a surgical department, then with children. From 2001 to 2012 she worked in psychiatric care at Butabika National Referral Mental Hospital. In 2006, she is also resumed graduate studies in Psychiatry at Makerere University's College of Health Sciences and was awarded an MA. In 2012, she was awarded a doctorate in psychiatric epidemiology from Johns Hopkins University.
Career
Whilst working at Butabika Hospital, Nakimuli-Mpungu noticed a large number of HIV/AIDS patients were being admitted with serious mental health problems. Nakimuli-Mpungu commented that "at the time, nobody knew how to help them or what to do with them", specifying that "there was this idea in the medical community that these people were beyond all help". She undetook her own observations, which confirmed the HIV-positive individuals are more likely to be diagnosed with depression, in part due to the stigma surrounding the disease. One symptom of depression is neglect of self-care, which means for some HIV patients, they are less likely to take their medication. Nakimuli-Mpungu felt that there could be a dual approach to the two diseases, but there was nothing published in scientific literature at the time, which could serve as a basis for implementation of such a treatment.
Nakimuli-Mpungu then launched a research programme to explore the possibilities of a treatment that addressed both issues. Since most medical centres in Uganda lack funding, as well as training for and staff to work on mental health care, Nakimuli-Mpungu focussed on the potential of group therapy as a treatment. Her first pilot recruited 150 people with HIV and depression. The recruits were split into two groups: one group received Nakimuli-Mpungu's group therapy sessions, the other standard HIV education sessions at a clinic. Whilst over time all patients depression decreased, significantly the group therapy's trend was a continuation of decrease of depression even after the sessions ceased.
This initial study led to a larger programme, which began in 2016. In this iteration, 1140 patients were treated at over 40 health centres across northern Uganda. The participants were again split into two: one half received "culturally appropriate psychotherapy", the others received general HIV education. The treatments this time were provided by trained, non-professional healthcare workers over a course of eight weeks. The group that received psychotherapy showed fewer incidences of major depression than the other group, reduced symptoms of PTSD, greater adherence to medication courses, lower rates of alcohol abuse, amongst other outcomes. Positive affects were greatest amongst male patients.
As of 2020 she is a professor, researcher, epidemiologist and psychiatrist at the Department of Psychiatry in the Faculty of Medicine, Makerere University.
Awards
The International ASTRAZENECA/APIRE Young Minds in Psychiatry Award, 2005.
The International Fulbright Science & Technology Award, 2007.
Presidential National Independence Medal of Honor, Uganda, 2016.
Elsevier Foundation Award for Early Career Women Scientists in the Developing World in Biological Sciences, 2016.
BBC's annual most influential 100 Women list, 2020.
Selected publications
'Effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of group support psychotherapy delivered by trained lay health workers for depression treatment among people with HIV in Uganda: a cluster-randomised trial' (co-authored) in The Lancet (February, 2020).
'Group support psychotherapy for depression treatment in people with HIV/AIDS in northern Uganda: a single-centre randomised controlled trial' (co-authored) in Lancet HIV (May, 2015).
'Depression, alcohol use and adherence to antiretroviral therapy in sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review' (co-authored) in Aids Behaviour (November, 2012).
References
External links
Culturally Sensitive Group Talk Therapy in Africa | Etheldreda Nakimuli-Mpungu | TEDxEustonSalon
Why Africa needs culturally sensitive talk therapy? | Etheldreda Nakimuli-Mpungu | TEDxEuston
1974 births
Living people
BBC 100 Women
Ugandan epidemiologists
Ugandan psychiatrists
Makerere University academics
Makerere University alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
21st-century Ugandan women scientists
Thomas C. Spencer (born December 24, 1946) is an American mathematical physicist, known in particular for important contributions to constructive quantum field theory, statistical mechanics, and spectral theory of random operators. He earned his doctorate in 1972 from New York University with a dissertation titled Perturbation of the Po2 Quantum Field Hamiltonian written under the direction of James Glimm. Since 1986, he has been professor of mathematics at the Institute for Advanced Study. He is a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences, and the recipient of the Dannie Heineman Prize for Mathematical Physics (joint with Jürg Fröhlich, "For their joint work in providing rigorous mathematical solutions to some outstanding problems in statistical mechanics and field theory.").
Main Results
Together with James Glimm and Arthur Jaffe he invented the cluster expansion approach to quantum field theory that is widely used in constructive field theory.
Together with Jürg Fröhlich and Barry Simon, he invented the approach of the infrared bound, which has now become a classical tool to derive phase transitions in various models of statistical mechanics.
Together with Jürg Fröhlich, he devised a 'multi-scale analysis' to provide, for the first time, mathematical proofs of: the Kosterlitz–Thouless transition, the phase transition in the one-dimensional ferromagnetic Ising model with interactions and Anderson localization in arbitrary dimension.
Together with David Brydges, he proved that the scaling limit of the self-avoiding walk in dimension greater or equal than 5 is Gaussian, with variance growing linearly in time. To achieve this result, they invented the technique of the lace expansion that since then has had wide application in probability on graphs.
References
1946 births
Living people
Mathematical physicists
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Institute for Advanced Study faculty
New York University alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Irja Agnes Browallius (13 October 1901 – 9 December 1968) was a Swedish teacher, novelist and short story writer. She was awarded the Dobloug Prize in 1962.
Personal life
Browallius was born in Helsinki on 13 October 1901, a daughter of actors Carl Browallius and Gerda Pisani. She moved to Sweden shortly after her birth. She died in Lidingö on 9 December 1968.
References
Further reading
1901 births
1968 deaths
Dobloug Prize winners
20th-century Swedish novelists
Swedish women novelists
Swedish women short story writers
Swedish short story writers
20th-century Swedish women writers
20th-century short story writers
Fernando Alonso is a Spanish racing driver who has won two Formula One world championships. He made his Formula One debut with Minardi in and then moved to Renault after just one season, initially to be a test and reserve driver before he was promoted to a regular driver from onwards. He won consecutive world championships in and , winning each seven races in both seasons. At the time, he became the first Spaniard to win a Formula One World Championship, the youngest world champion in history aged 24 years and 58 days and the youngest double world champion aged 25 years and 85 days, eclipsing two of three records that had been previously held by joint-record seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher. Alonso signed for McLaren in following his contract expiring with Renault, where he achieved four wins to secure third overall with 109 points, narrowly losing out on the title to eventual world champion Kimi Räikkönen by just one point. In , Alonso returned to Renault after just one season due to a split between him and McLaren, finishing fifth overall in the standings with back-to-back victories in Singapore and Japan as his best results. After an unsuccessful season, he joined Ferrari in to replace Räikkönen and finished runner-up three times (, and ) to eventual four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel.
Alonso achieved his maiden Formula One victory at the 2003 Hungarian Grand Prix on 24 August. In doing so, he became the then-youngest Grand Prix winner aged 22 years and 26 days, beating the previous record of Bruce McLaren and also making him the first Spaniard to win a Formula One Grand Prix. After being winless in 2004, Alonso went on to win a further 16 races with Renault within the next four seasons before having a disappointing 2009 season in which he did not register a single victory, with his best result being a third-place finish at that year's Singapore Grand Prix. He won five further races for Ferrari in 2010 including another victory in Singapore where he also achieved his first and only Grand Slam in his career to date, followed by one victory in 2011, three in 2012 and two in 2013.
In all, Alonso has won a total of races at 19 different circuits. The majority of his race victories (17) were achieved with cars designed and powered by Renault; he has also won 11 races with Ferrari and a further four races with McLaren. He has been most successful at the Bahrain International Circuit, the Hockenheimring and the Sepang International Circuit with three victories each. Alonso's largest margin of victory was at the 2005 Malaysian Grand Prix, where he finished 24.327 seconds ahead of Jarno Trulli. His smallest margin of victory was at the 2005 San Marino Grand Prix, finishing only 0.215 seconds ahead of Michael Schumacher.
Wins
Key:
No. – Victory number; for example, "1" signifies Alonso's first race win.
Race – Race number in Alonso's Formula One career; for example "75" signifies Alonso's 75th Formula One race.
Grid – The position on the grid from which Alonso started the race.
Margin – Margin of victory, given in the format of minutes:seconds.milliseconds
– Driver's Championship winning season.
Number of wins at different Grands Prix
Alonso has won at 17 out of 36 different Grands Prix he has partaken in. The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, the Austrian Grand Prix, the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, the Belgian Grand Prix, the Brazilian Grand Prix, the Dutch Grand Prix, the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, the Indian Grand Prix, the Mexican Grand Prix, the Miami Grand Prix, the Portuguese Grand Prix, the Qatar Grand Prix, the Russian Grand Prix, the São Paulo Grand Prix, the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, the Styrian Grand Prix, the Turkish Grand Prix and the United States Grand Prix are the events he has entered and not won.
Number of wins at different circuits
Alonso has won at 19 out of 36 different circuits he has competed on. The Algarve International Circuit, the Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez, the Autódromo José Carlos Pace, the Baku City Circuit, the Buddh International Circuit, the Circuit of the Americas, the Circuit Paul Ricard, the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps, the Circuit Zandvoort, the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, the Istanbul Park, the Jeddah Corniche Circuit, the Losail International Circuit, the Miami International Autodrome, the Red Bull Ring, the Sochi Autodrom and the Yas Marina Circuit are the circuits he has driven on and not won.
Notes
See also
List of Formula One Grand Prix winners
References
External links
Drivers: Hall of Fame: Fernando Alonso
Fernando Alonso: Involvement from Stats F1
Alonso, Fernando
2000s in motorsport
2000s-related lists
2010s in motorsport
2010s-related lists
2020s-related lists
Fernando Alonso
The SAS Frösundavik Office Building is an office building in , Solna Municipality, Sweden, north of Stockholm. It serves as the head office of Scandinavian Airlines (SAS) and the SAS Group. The SAS head office was for a brief period located in a different building on the property of Stockholm Arlanda Airport in Sigtuna Municipality.
In 2000 Jurian van Meel, author of The European Office: Office Design and National Context, wrote that the former SAS head office "is probably Sweden's best known 'groundscraper'"; Meel stated that Sweden's groundscrapers are more well known compared to high-rise buildings, which according to Meel are not common in Sweden.<ref name=Meelp97>van Meel, Jurian. The European Office: Office Design and National Context. 010 Publishers, 2000. 97. Retrieved from Google Books on 12 February 2010. , .</ref>
The building also houses offices of E. Merck AB, the Swedish representation of Merck KGaA Germany. CSC Sverige AB, a subsidiary of Computer Sciences Corporation, also has its offices in the building."CSC in Stockholm" (Archive). Computer Sciences Corporation. Retrieved on August 5, 2014. "Stockholm Frösundaviks allé 1 195 87 Stockholm"
History
The head office was built from 1985 through 1987 by the Norwegian architect Niels Torp. SAS intended to build its head office in the lake Brunnsviken area, near an exit to Stockholm Arlanda Airport. The plans caused controversy since the municipal and regional planners wanted the area to be used for recreation purposes. The Swedish government was about to sell land in the Brunnsviken area, and was interested in SAS having its main office in the area of Stockholm. So SAS took a plot of land, while the beaches and scenic elements of the area were retained. In 1984 SAS held a competition amongst nine architects to determine who would get to design the head office. Niels Torp won the competition and a complex was built. When the building opened, there were 2,000 employees.
Around 2010, SAS had reduced its space in the building due to reductions in staffing. Therefore, portions of the building were leased to other companies. Around 2010 the building owner, Nordisk Renting AB, decided to sell it to Norwegian KLP for 1.5 billion Swedish kronor. In 2010 SAS announced that it would relocate its head office to Stockholm-Arlanda Airport, with the move scheduled for the northern hemisphere autumn of that year.
In 2013 SAS announced that it once again would relocate to Frösundavik, partly because it was hard to find another user of the large custom made office building.
Features
The building has seven separate building blocks with a street, covered by a glass roof, connecting the corridors. The street is lined with shops and cafes. Jeremy Myerson, author of "After modernism: the contemporary office environment" said that the SAS building, which opened in January 1988, "refashioned entirely the traditional notion of office life by creating a giant complex with shops, restaurants, and coffee bars lining a solar-heated internal 'main street'" running through the facility's spine. Jan Carlzon, former CEO, explained that the concept was to promote SAS senior managers promenading through the corridor and meeting staff members informally. Myerson added that the building "moved as far away from Taylorism in aesthetic and organisational terms as one could get."
The Frösundavik Aquifer is the building's source for cool groundwater used in summer months and warm groundwater in winter months.
See also
Waterside (building), the head-office for British Airways. It was designed by Niels Torp and shares substantial design elements with Frösundavik.
Cathay City (Cathay Pacific head office in Hong Kong)
CAL Park (China Airlines head office in Taoyuan, Taiwan)
References
Further reading
Johansson, Sam. SAS Frösundavik : an office heated and cooled by groundwater. (Statens råd för byggnadsforskning), 1992. . See profile (Archive).
External links
SAS flyttar åter till Frösunda – nära 14000 kvm aktuellt" (Archive). ''. 24 May 2013.
Airline headquarters
Scandinavian Airlines
SAS Group
Solna Municipality
Office buildings completed in 1987
1987 establishments in Sweden
Buildings and structures in Stockholm County
David Mendes (15 May 1928 – 1 October 2021), who used the pseudonym Bob Mendes, was a Belgian accountant and writer of detective stories. He was born in Schoten, graduated in accountancy, fiscal duties and business administration and started his professional career as an accountant.
He made his literary debut in 1984, with the publication of a collection of poems Met rook geschreven (E: Written with smoke), followed by Alfa en Omega (Alpha and Omega).
Bibliography
De kracht van het bloed
Meester in misdaad
Stukken van mensen
Spannende Verhalen
Medeschuldig
De beste misdaadverhalen uit Vlaanderen
Bloedrecht
Dirty Dancing
De smaak van vrijheid
Verslag aan de Koning
De kracht van het ijs
Misdaad en meesterschap
De kracht van het vuur
Meedogenloos
Link
Rassen/Rellen
Vergelding
De fraudejagers
De vierde soera
Het chunnelsyndroom
Twee Misdaadromans
Een dag van schaamte
Alfa en Omega
Bestemming Terreur
Met rook geschreven
See also
Flemish literature
References
Sources
Bob Mendes (Official website)
Bob Mendes (in Dutch)
Genootschap Van Vlaamse Misdaadauteurs (in Dutch)
1928 births
2021 deaths
Flemish writers
Belgian accountants
Belgian Sephardi Jews
Jewish writers
People from Schoten
The spotted elachura or spotted wren-babbler (Elachura formosa) is a species of passerine bird found in the forests of the eastern Himalayas and Southeast Asia. In the past it was included in the babbler genus Spelaeornis as S. formosus, but molecular phylogenetic studies in 2014 provided evidence that it was distinct from the babblers and part of a basal lineage (one that diverged early) with no other close living relatives within the passerine bird clade Passerida. This led to the creation of a new family, Elachuridae, to accommodate just one species (a monotypic taxon).
Description
The spotted elachura measures 10 cm including its short tail. It is dark brown all over, with rufous wings and tail. It also has white speckles all over its body, shifting to black barring on its wings and tail.
Habitat and distribution
It is found in Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, India, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. This species is found in undergrowth and dense thickets of this type of forest, with a preference for thick fern ground cover, mossy rocks and decaying trunks of fallen trees and brushwood (often near a stream or creek), long grass, and scrub.
References
External links
ScienceShot: Asian Bird Is a True Loner
What's old is new again: newly discovered songbird family is ancient
spotted elachura
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of South China
Birds of Laos
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Vietnam
Birds of Yunnan
spotted elachura
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ian Donald Leggatt (born September 23, 1965) is a Canadian professional golfer.
Early life
Leggatt was born in Galt, now part of Cambridge, Ontario.
Professional career
Leggatt has won one PGA Tour event and one Nationwide Tour event. He retired from professional golf in May 2009 due to injuries.
Leggatt now works for Wasserman Media Group as an agent/consultant in their golf management division. He appears on Sportsnet as their golf analyst.
Professional wins (2)
PGA Tour wins (1)
Buy.com Tour wins (1)
Buy.com Tour playoff record (1–0)
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" indicates a tie for a place
Note: Leggatt never played in the Masters Tournament or The Open Championship.
Team appearances
World Cup (representing Canada): 1998, 2001, 2002
See also
2000 Buy.com Tour graduates
2001 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
2005 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
References
External links
Canadian male golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Korn Ferry Tour graduates
Golfing people from Ontario
People from Cambridge, Ontario
1965 births
Living people
Per Wendelbo (5 September 1866 – 26 February 1937) was a Norwegian newspaper editor.
He was born as Peder Haraldsen in Skien as a son of Peder Haraldsen, Sr. (1813–1887) og Caroline Mathilde Pedersen (1828–1907). In May 1890 in Kalmar he married Swedish citizen Ellen Lindquist (1865–1952).
He took the cand.jur. degree in 1889. He edited the weekly magazine Norske Gutter from 1897 to 1917, was the foreign affairs editor in Morgenbladet from 1900 to 1918, then editor and chief administrative officer of the Norwegian News Agency from 1918 to 1937. He also chaired the Norwegian Press Association from 1916 to 1919 and 1921 to 1923.
References
External links
1866 births
1937 deaths
People from Skien
Norwegian magazine editors
Norwegian newspaper editors
Crocidiinae is a subfamily of bee flies in the family Bombyliidae. There are about 8 genera and 50 described species in Crocidiinae.
Genera
These eight genera belong to the subfamily Crocidiinae:
Apatomyza Wiedemann, 1820 c g
Crocidium Loew, 1860 c g
Desmatomyia Williston, 1895 i c g
Inyo Hall & Evenhuis, 1987 i c g
Mallophthiria Edwards, 1930 c g
Megaphthiria Hall, 1976 c g
Semiramis Becker, 1912 c g
Timiomyia Evenhuis, 1978 c
Data sources: i = ITIS, c = Catalogue of Life, g = GBIF, b = Bugguide.net
References
Further reading
Bombyliidae
The Villa di Quarto is a historic landmark designated villa on via Pietro Dazzi in Florence, in the hilly zone at the foot of the Monte Morello. Quarto (fourth) is one of the toponyms relating to the Roman milestones, the most famous of which in this area is Sesto Fiorentino, of 45,000 inhabitants.
History
The villa was built in the 15th century and, after various changes of ownership, in 1613 it passed to the Pasquali family, who had it rebuilt by Alfonso Parigi, designer of the Boboli extension. In the 19th century the villa took on its present appearance - it then belonged to Jérôme Bonaparte, former king of Westphalia, who left it to his daughter Princess Mathilde Bonaparte, wife of the Russian nobleman and industrialist Anatoly Nikolaievich Demidov, 1st Prince of San Donato. The villa's many famous guests included the French historian and statistician Adolphe Thiers, though its most famous resident- and certainly the resident who wrote most about his stay there- was the author Mark Twain.
In 1862, Grand Duchess Maria Nikolajevna Duchess of Leuchtenberg, daughter of Tsar Nicolai I., bought the Villa and filled it in the following years with works of art. Karl Eduard von Liphard was head of the circle of advisers around. Until her death in St. Petersburg in 1876 she bought lavishly. The Villa Quarto was inherited by her daughter Helena Countess Stroganov, from the second morganatic marriage to Belyakova, Zoia, Grand Duchess Maria Nikolajevna and her palace in St. Petersburg, London.
Villa
The building has a simple layout, with three floors on the hillside, while on the garden side there opens up a nineteenth-century loggia with three arches on twin columns, replacing an older eighteenth century arcade. The main entrance is located on the side hill, with large doors that lead to a hall enriched by marble busts and a frescoed vault. From the atrium starts monumental gray stone that leads to the first floor where the main saloon is located, the latter about 8 meters high, with vaulted and frescoed ceilings featuring nineteenth century motifs. This is connected to other rooms as grand and the gallery, running parallel to the terrace above the outside portico, from which is possible to enjoy the view of the large Italian garden and the great lawn of the English park. Currently, the landmark villa has been restored with structural and protective interventions in the outer parts completed in 2019.
References
External links
Regione Toscana
http://www.twainquotes.com/interviews/critic1904.html
https://www.jstor.org/stable/24612760?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents
http://www.villadiquarto.it/
Quarto
Gardens in Tuscany
15th-century establishments in Italy
St Buryan, Lamorna and Paul is a civil parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. The parish had a population of 1,681 in the 2011 census. It was formed on 1 April 2021 with the merger of St Buryan and Paul.
References
External links
Civil parishes in Cornwall
2021 establishments in England
Penwith
Hadamard may refer to:
Jacques Hadamard (1865–1963), a French mathematician, whose name is associated with the following topics in mathematics:
Differential geometry
Hadamard space, a geodesically complete metric space of non-positive curvature
Cartan-Hadamard theorem, a result on the topology of non-positively curved manifolds
Differential equations and dynamical systems
Hadamard's method of descent, a method of solving partial differential equations by reducing dimensions
Hadamard parametrix construction, a method of solving second order partial differential equations
Hadamard's dynamical system, a type of chaotic dynamical system
Complex analysis and convexity
Hadamard three-lines theorem: a bound on the maximum modulus complex analytic functions defined on a strip in the complex plane;
Hadamard three-circle theorem, a bound on the maximum modulus of complex analytic functions defined on an annulus in the complex plane; closely related to the three-lines theorem;
Hadamard factorization theorem, a specific factorization of an entire function of finite order, involving its zeros and the exponential of a polynomial
Ostrowski–Hadamard gap theorem, a result on the analytic continuation of lacunary power series
Hermite–Hadamard inequality, bounding the integral of convex functions.
Transform calculus
Hadamard transform, an example of a generalized class of Fourier transforms
Fast Walsh–Hadamard transform, an efficient algorithm to compute the Hadamard transform
Theory of matrices
Hadamard matrix, a square matrix whose entries are either +1 or −1 and whose rows are mutually orthogonal
Hadamard code, a system used for signal error detection and correction based on Hadamard matrices
Hadamard's inequality, a bound on the determinants of matrices.
Quantum computing
Hadamard gate, a standard quantum gate that generalizes a coin flip.
Longwick is a village in the Buckinghamshire district, about northwest of Princes Risborough, Buckinghamshire on the A4129 road.
The toponym is from the Old English for "long farm".
With Ilmer, Owlswick, Meadle and Horsenden, it forms the civil parish of Longwick-cum-Ilmer which was created in 1934. In 1951 its population was 786, since when it has increased significantly to 1,267 in 2001.
Longwick was the location for the Sunrise/Back to the Future Acid House party on 12 August 1989, which attracted over 20,000 people, and considered to be one of the most significant, and best, parties of its era.
Transport
Longwick is served on a daily basis by the Risborough Area Community Bus (RCB) with hourly services to Princes Risborough, five times a day. Longwick is also served by Redline Buses' 320 rail link service between Princes Risborough and Chinnor at peak times.
References
External links
For a map see the Wycombe District site describing the Parish of Longwick-cum-Ilmer
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
Shimshon Avraham Amitsur (born Kaplan; ; August 26, 1921 – September 5, 1994) was an Israeli mathematician. He is best known for his work in ring theory, in particular PI rings, an area of abstract algebra.
Biography
Amitsur was born in Jerusalem and studied at the Hebrew University under the supervision of Jacob Levitzki. His studies were repeatedly interrupted, first by World War II and then by the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. He received his M.Sc. degree in 1946, and his Ph.D. in 1950. Later, for his joint work with Levitzki, he received the first Israel Prize in Exact Sciences. He worked at the Hebrew University until his retirement in 1989. Amitsur was a visiting scholar at the Institute for Advanced Study from 1952 to 1954. He was an Invited Speaker at the ICM in 1970 in Nice. He was a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences, where he was the Head for Experimental Science Section. He was one of the founding editors of the Israel Journal of Mathematics, and the mathematical editor of the Hebrew Encyclopedia. Amitsur received a number of awards, including the honorary doctorate from Ben-Gurion University in 1990. His students included Avinoam Mann, Amitai Regev, Eliyahu Rips and Aner Shalev.
Awards
Amitsur and Jacob Levitzki were each awarded the Israel Prize in exact sciences, in 1953, its inaugural year.
See also
Amitsur–Levitzki theorem
List of Israel Prize recipients
Publications
References
"Shimshon Avraham Amitsur (1921 — 1994)", by A. Mann, Israel Journal of Mathematics, Vol. 96 (December 1996), ix - xxvii.
External links
Colleagues, students and family sharing personal experiences with Shimshon Amitsur. Video recording from the 27th Amitsur Memorial Symposium 2020.
Einstein Institute of Mathematics alumni
Hebrew University of Jerusalem faculty
Jews in Mandatory Palestine
Israeli Jews
Israel Prize in exact science recipients
Israel Prize in exact science recipients who were mathematicians
Members of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities
Institute for Advanced Study visiting scholars
20th-century Israeli mathematicians
Algebraists
Linear algebraists
People from Jerusalem
1921 births
1994 deaths
Research funding in the United Kingdom is divided mainly among Non-Departmental Government Bodies: UK Research and Innovation ('UKRI'), and 'Higher Education Funding Bodies'. The budgets of both the UK Research Councils (which later merged into UKRI) and the Higher Education Funding Bodies budgets were set by the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills prior to 2016, at which point Department was succeeded by the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy. UK research funding follows the government policy, the 'Haldane principle', this means research is evaluated by scientists themselves through peer review, not politicians.
UK Research Councils
There are seven Research Councils in the UK (see table below), all of which are now part of UK Research and Innovation. Each council receives funding from the Government's Science Budget (administered through the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills) to fund research in a different area of research with a view to improving the UK economy, society and creating a sustainable world. Some Research Councils also receive income from other Government Departments, commercialisation of research and other research funders.
Higher Education Funding Bodies (UK Funding Councils)
The four Higher Education Funding Bodies, also referred to as "Funding Councils" (listed below) provide "block grant funding" to support research infrastructure and enable institutions to undertake ground-breaking research.
Dual Research Funding Support System
The Research Councils and the Higher Education Funding Bodies make up a dual support system. Research Councils provide grants for specific projects and programmes, while the Higher Education Funding Bodies provide block grant funding to support the research infrastructure and enable institutions research of their choosing. Such funding also provides the capacity to undertake research commissioned by the private sector, Government Departments, charities, the European Union and other international bodies.
Government funding
The Government's research budget allocations for the financial year 15/16 are outlined below.
See also
Research Councils UK
Haldane principle
Brexit and arrangements for science and technology
References
Higher education in the United Kingdom
Research and development in the United Kingdom
Science and technology in the United Kingdom
United Automobile Workers v. Johnson Controls, Inc., 499 U.S. 187 (1991), was a decision by the Supreme Court of the United States establishing that private sector policies prohibiting women from knowingly working in potentially hazardous occupations are discriminatory and in violation of Title VII and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978. The case revolved around Johnson Controls' policy of excluding fertile women from working in battery manufacturing jobs because batteries contain high amounts of lead, which entails health risks to people's reproductive systems (both men and women) and fetuses. At the time the case was heard, it was considered one of the most important sex-discrimination cases since the passage of Title VII.
Opinion of the Court
The majority opinion by Justice Blackmun held that that Title VII prohibits gender–specific fetal protection policies. Hence based on that statute, the Court decided against Johnson Controls by concluding that the company's fetal protection policy contravened Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the PDA; and the company's gender-specific rule was biased and inequitable because it permitted fertile men, but not fertile women, to decide whether to work in jobs subjected to lead exposure while manufacturing batteries. The court rejected Johnson Controls' argument that their policy fell under the Bona Fide Occupational Qualification (BFOQ) defense because the protection of employees' fetuses was not an essential part of the business's operation.
References
Further reading
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Rehnquist Court
1991 in United States case law
1991 in Wisconsin
Wisconsin law
Civil rights in the United States
Women's rights in the United States
Civil rights case law
Gender discrimination lawsuits
History of the United Auto Workers
Shadab (, also Romanized as Shādāb; also known as Shādāb Ja‘farābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,426, in 367 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
I Remember Nelson is a British historical television series portraying the relationship between Horatio Nelson and Emma Hamilton in the period leading up the Battle of Trafalgar. It first aired in four parts on ITV between 21 February and 18 April 1982.
Selected cast
Kenneth Colley as Vice-Adm. Horatio Viscount Nelson
Tim Pigott-Smith as Capt. Thomas Hardy
Geraldine James as Lady Emma Hamilton
John Clements as Sir William Hamilton
Michael Harbour as Captain Blackwood
Raf Vallone as Caracciolo
Paolo Bonacelli as King Ferdinando
Harriet Reynolds as Queen Maria Carolina
Vernon Dobtcheff as Cardinal Ruffo
Peter Clapham as Diplomat
Una Brandon-Jones as Nurse
Tina Ruta as Emma's Maid
Phil Daniels as William Blackie
Anna Massey as Lady Frances Nelson
Daniel Massey as William Beckford
Ken Kitson as Mangan
Laurence Naismith as Rev. Edmund Nelson
Sylvester Morand as Lord Byron
John Forbes-Robertson as Lord Spencer
References
Bibliography
Sue Parrill. Nelson's Navy in Fiction and Film: Depictions of British Sea Power in the Napoleonic Era. McFarland, 2009.
External links
ITV television dramas
1982 British television series debuts
1982 British television series endings
1980s British drama television series
1980s British television miniseries
Television series by ITV Studios
Television shows produced by Central Independent Television
English-language television shows
The 2007 Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens football team represented the University of Delaware in the 2007 NCAA Division I FCS football season. This was the program's first season of play in the Colonial Athletic Association (CAA). K. C. Keeler served as head coach for the sixth season. He previously brought the Blue Hens to the FCS championship game, winning it in 2003. In 2007, the team made it to the championship game again after posting an 11–3 record, but lost to the Appalachian State Mountaineers, 49–21.
Preseason
Conference changes
The 2007 season marked the first season of play for the Colonial Athletic Association, which was formed in 2005. From 1997 to 2006, the Delaware Blue Hens football team was a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference. Delaware, along with Hofstra University, James Madison University, the University of Maine, the University of Massachusetts, the University of New Hampshire, Northeastern University, the University of Rhode Island, the University of Richmond, Towson University, Villanova University, and the College of William & Mary, left the Atlantic 10 Conference to form the twelve-team conference.
Recruiting class
The Blue Hens received 17 letters of intent on National Signing Day, February 7, 2007.
Transfers
The Blue Hens received three transfer students prior to the start of the 2007 season in defensive end Ronald Talley from Notre Dame, linebacker Johnathon Smith from Connecticut, and running back Jerry Butler from Wisconsin. Talley left Notre Dame midway through the 2006 season before transferring to Delaware. On August 27, offensive tackle Anthony Grosso transferred from Florida State after leaving the squad a week prior.
Preseason awards
Projected starting running back Omar Cuff earned Preseason first-team All-CAA honors, Lindy's College Football Preview Magazine Preseason All-America honors, and The Sports Network Preseason third-team All-America honors.
Schedule
Game summaries
William & Mary
In the first CAA Conference game of the newly formed conference's history, Delaware senior running back Omar Cuff tied an NCAA record with seven touchdowns in the game. Cuff tied with Archie Amerson of Northern Arizona, who set the record in 1996, and Jessie Burton of McNeese State, who tied the record in 1998. Cuff rushed for 244 yards and six touchdowns on 30 attempts, with four receptions for 52 yards and a touchdown. Senior quarterback Joe Flacco passed for 202 yards and one touchdown in the 49–31 victory over William & Mary.
With the win, the Blue Hens became 1–0 on the season.
West Chester
In the first quarter of Delaware's home-opener against the West Chester Golden Rams, quarterback Joe Flacco led the Blue Hens on a 62-yard drive that ended in a seven-yard touchdown run by Omar Cuff. On the Golden Rams' next drive, a tipped pass resulted in a Delaware interception. The Blue Hens took advantage of this opportunity, ending the drive with a one-yard touchdown run by Cuff. The Blue Hens led the West Chester Golden Rams 34–0 heading into halftime.
Cuff scored rushing four touchdowns in the first half, with 21 rushes for 93 yards in the 41–14 win. Freshman running back Phillip Thaxton, who replaced Cuff in the second half, rushed for 177 yards on 12 attempts. On his first collegiate carry, he scored a 62-yard touchdown. His 177 yards was the most by a Blue Hen in his debut in college. Flacco finished with 305 yards, with wide receiver Mark Duncan catching five passes for 121 yards. Delaware finished with 599 yards of total offense in their fourteenth-straight win over West Chester.
With the win, the Blue Hens extended their record to 2–0.
Rhode Island
Joe Flacco passed for 337 yards and three touchdowns on 25 completions. Junior wide receiver Aaron Love, playing through groin and shoulder injuries, caught 10 passes for 137 yards and one touchdown. Mark Duncan caught six receptions for 109 yards. Freshman cornerback Anthony Walters made five tackles and recovered a fumble in the endzone for a touchdown.
Towson
The Delaware defense held Towson's offense to 157 total yards, with seven sacks on the quarterback. Sophomore defensive end Matt Marcorelle made six tackles with three sacks for 27 yards. Omar Cuff rushed for 109 yards and three touchdowns on 27 carries. Joe Flacco passed for 274 yards and one interception. Aaron Love made seven receptions for 107 yards.
Monmouth
Omar Cuff rushed for 73 yards and two touchdowns on 16 carries, and caught a touchdown pass. He became the school's all-time scoring leader with 314 points, breaking the previous record of 308. Joe Flacco passed for 215 yards and two touchdowns. Cornerback Fred Andrew returned an interception for a touchdown of 78 yards. Phillip Thaxton rushed for a 14-yard touchdown, and tight end Robbie Agnone caught an 11-yard touchdown pass. Freshman safety Cody Cipalla made seven tackles (four solo).
New Hampshire
Joe Flacco passed for 419 yards and two touchdowns with 40 completions and 51 pass attempts. Omar Cuff rushed for 88 yards on 22 carries and made seven receptions for 68 yards and a touchdown. He broke the school record for rushing touchdowns in a career with 49. The previous record was 47 by Daryl Brown in 1991–1994. Defensive end Ronald Talley blocked a field goal attempt by New Hampshire kicker Tom Manning.
Northeastern
Omar Cuff rushed for 200 yards and two touchdowns on 39 carries and caught a touchdown pass. Kicker Jon Striefsky kicked three field goals of 37, 31 and 19 yards. Joe Flacco passed for 222 yards and one touchdown on 17 completions. Robbie Agnone and wide receiver Kervin Michaud both caught five passes.
Navy
Omar Cuff rushed for 141 yards and four touchdowns on 28 carries. Joe Flacco passed for a career-high 434 yards and four touchdowns on 30 completions. Kervin Michaud made eight receptions for 96 yards and two touchdowns. Robbie Agnone caught seven passes for 133 yards. Junior linebacker Erik Johnson made 20 tackles, and Anthony Bratton made 12 tackles and recovered a fumble.
James Madison
Omar Cuff rushed for 101 yards and three touchdowns on 28 attempts and made seven receptions for 66 yards. Joe Flacco went 33-for-41 and passed for 257 yards. He also rushed for one touchdown. Aaron Love made nine receptions for 94 yards. Anthony Walters recovered a fumble and intercepted a James Madison pass. Jon Striefsky made three field goals in the first half of the game.
Richmond
Joe Flacco passed for 375 yards and three touchdowns and rushed for two touchdowns. Mark Duncan made nine receptions for 157 yards and two touchdowns. Omar Cuff rushed for 189 yards and two touchdowns on a school-record 48 attempts.
Villanova
Joe Flacco went 17-of-31 and passed for 145 yards. Omar Cuff, playing through a back injury, rushed for 75 yards on 17 attempts. Aaron Love made seven receptions for 79 yards, and Anthony Walters made seven tackles.
Delaware State
Omar Cuff rushed for a school-record 288 yards and four touchdowns on 38 carries. The previous record for rushing yards in a game was 272 by Daryl Brown in 1994. Cuff also broke the single-season rushing record with 1,657 yards. The previous record was 1,625 by Germaine Bennett in 2003. Joe Flacco passed for 189 yards and one touchdown on 11 completions.
Northern Iowa
Erik Johnson recovered a fumble and returned it 55 yards for a touchdown in the second quarter. Joe Flacco passed for 312 yards and two touchdowns and scored a one-yard rushing touchdown in the fourth quarter. He broke the school record for passing yards in a season with 3,686. The previous record was 3,436 by Matt Nagy in 2000. Omar Cuff rushed for 102 yards and one touchdown on 28 carries. Mark Duncan caught eight receptions for 112 yards and one touchdown. Jon Striefsky missed two extra point attempts in the first half, but made two field goals distancing 47 and 42 yards.
Southern Illinois
Joe Flacco went 21-of-38 and passed for 243 yards and two touchdowns. Jon Striefsky kicked two field goals, breaking the school's and conference's single-season records for field goals with 21. Omar Cuff rushed for 102 yards and caught four passes for 67 yards.
Appalachian State
Joe Flacco passed for 336 yards and one touchdown. Omar Cuff rushed for 83 yards and one touchdown. The record attendance of 23,010 on hand at Finley Stadium was the largest neutral site crowd for the NCAA Division I Championship Game.
Awards and honors
Players
Robbie Agnone
The Sports Network NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision honorable mention All-American
Greg Benson
CAA Academic All-Conference
Rich Beverley
Third-team All-CAA
Brian Brown
CAA Academic All-Conference
Mike Byrne
First-team All-CAA
Walter Camp first-team All-American
ESPN The Magazine CoSIDA Academic All-District 2
Associated Press FCS third-team All-American
The Sports Network NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision second-team All-American
First-team All-ECAC Division I Football Championship Subdivision
College Sporting News Fabulous 50 NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision All-American
Football Championship Subdivision Athletics Directors Association National Academic All-Star
Colonial Athletic Association Student-Athlete of the Year Award
CAA Academic All-Conference
Brad Casalvieri
CAA Academic All-Conference
Cody Cipalla
CAA Rookie of the Week (Oct. 2)
Omar Cuff
CAA Offensive Player of the Week (Sept. 5)
The Sports Network National Offensive Player of the Week (Sept. 5)
College Sporting News National Offensive Player of the Week (Sept. 5)
First-team All-CAA
Walter Camp first-team All-American
American Football Coaches Association first-team All-American
Associated Press FCS first-team All-American
The Sports Network NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision first-team All-American
First-team All-ECAC Division I Football Championship Subdivision
College Sporting News Fabulous 50 NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision All-American
The Sports Media and Entertainment Network Running Back of the Year
Joe Flacco
CAA Offensive Player of the Week (Oct. 29)
Colonial Athletic Association Co-Offensive Player of the Year
First-team All-CAA
The Sports Network NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision third-team All-American
Eastern College Athletic Conference Player of the Year
First-team All-ECAC Division I Football Championship Subdivision
Pro Football Weekly honorable mention All-American
CAA Academic All-Conference
Kheon Hendricks
First-team All-CAA
The Sports Network NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision honorable mention All-American
Jon Herrman
CAA Academic All-Conference
Rick Jarnagin
CAA Academic All-Conference
Erik Johnson
CAA Academic All-Conference
J. T. Laws
2007 Blue Hen Team Sportsmanship Award
CAA Academic All-Conference
Aaron Love
Sports Media Entertainment Network Weekly Star (Sept. 18)
First-team All-CAA
The Sports Network NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision honorable mention All-American
Mark Mackey
CAA Academic All-Conference
Matt Marcorelle
CAA Defensive Player of the Week (Sept. 25)
Third-team All-CAA
The Sports Network NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision honorable mention All-American
College Sporting News Fabulous 50 NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision All-American
Kervin Michaud
Third-team All-CAA
Jon Striefsky
CAA Special Teams Player of the Week (Nov. 7)
First-team All-CAA
Associated Press FCS first-team All-American
The Sports Network NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision first-team All-American
Phillip Thaxton
CAA Rookie of the Week (Sept. 13)
Anthony Walters
CAA Rookie of the Week (Sept. 18)
Coaches
K. C. Keeler
Maxwell Club Tri-State Coach of the Year Award
Johnny Vaught Head Coach Award
Other awards
2007 Lambert Cup
Eastern College Athletic Conference Team of the Year
Postseason
Quarterback Joe Flacco was invited to participate in the 2008 NFL Scouting Combine that took place February 21–24, 2008. Flacco was selected to play in the 83rd East–West Shrine Game that took place on January 19, 2008 at the University of Houston's Robertson Stadium, but declined after he was invited to play in the 2008 Senior Bowl that took place on January 26, 2008 at Ladd–Peebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama.
Flacco was selected by the Baltimore Ravens in the first round (18th overall) of the 2008 NFL Draft. Flacco was the only Blue Hen selected in the draft, but three other players signed with NFL teams as undrafted free agents. Offensive guard Rich Beverley was signed by the Washington Redskins, offensive tackle Mike Byrne was signed by the Miami Dolphins, and running back Omar Cuff was signed by the Tennessee Titans.
References
Delaware
Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens football seasons
Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens football
Willie Burnet (1862–1944), was a Scottish rugby union footballer of the 1880s, who played in Scotland for Hawick, and was selected to play at a representative level for the British Isles on the 1888 British Lions tour to New Zealand and Australia, the first tour by a team representing the British Isles. He and his brother Bob were the first set of brothers to tour together for the Lions.
Early life and career
William Hewitson Burnet was born on 15 May 1862 in Hawick, Scotland to William Burnet and Joan (née Smith). His father was a successful boot and shoemaker, employing a number of men at his firm in Hawick. Robert had a number of siblings including an older sister, Jane, two older brothers James and Robert and a younger brother, John.
Domestic career
Willie Burnet played for six seasons for Hawick RFC up to 1888. He was captain of the club in the 1883–1884 season and was also selected to play for his county side, Roxburgh. In addition he was selected to play for the South of Scotland. He was described as "one of the best centre three-quarters going, and also a brilliant half back". In its appraisal of him, the Otago Witness also said "he can play anywhere behind the maul. He is a sure tackler and good dodger, a very useful passer, powerful kicker, and is very fast".
British Isles
The 1888 tour was organized by two cricket professionals, Arthur Shrewsbury and Alfred Shaw, and they selected Willie along with his brother Bob, making them the first brothers to tour together for the Lions. Burnet was described as a regular throughout as he played 22 times, making his first appearance in the third match on tour against Canterbury in a 14–6 win. He also featured in the final six matches, culminating in the 1–1 draw with Wanganui.
Later life
During the 1888 tour, after the Brisbane match, Willie's brother Bob decided to stay in Australia. Willie, on the other hand, along with his fellow Hawick RFC teammate, Alex Laing, returned to face questioning about their amateur status in Glasgow as soon as they returned. Along with the rest of the tour party, they were found not to have contravened the rules and in late November 1888 they returned to Hawick, apparently to a hero's welcome.
He married Christina Dawson. Like his brother Bob, William also emigrated, but not to Australia. He went to Buffalo, Wyoming, where he and Alex Laing set up a successful sheep farming ranch. He did make return trips to Scotland, residing for a while in Edinburgh where his daughter Ellen Joanna lived, but returning to the USA in 1914. He later returned to Scotland and died at the Lauderdale Temperance Hotel in Lauder on 16 April 1944.
References
1862 births
1944 deaths
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Scotland
Hawick RFC players
Roxburgh County RFU players
Rugby union centres
Rugby union players from Hawick
Scottish Districts referees
Scottish rugby union players
Scottish rugby union referees
San Tan Foothills High School is a high school in San Tan Valley, Arizona. It is one of three high schools under the jurisdiction of the Florence Unified School District as of July 1, 2016.
History
San Tan Foothills opened in 2009, around the time of the housing market crash and financial crisis. Designed for 1,500 students, into the mid-2010s it was home to 500. The Coolidge district had overbuilt in San Tan Valley; it built Mountain Vista Middle School and San Tan Heights Elementary School. In 2014, the Coolidge district closed Mountain Vista and moved its students and teachers to the San Tan Foothills campus.
In order to save significant costs for Coolidge, and make a third high school in the district (second in San Tan Valley) unnecessary, the Florence Unified School District voted to acquire CUSD's three San Tan Valley schools in 2015. The move was approved by voters in both districts in overwhelming margins that November.
The Florence Unified School District took control of the schools on July 1, 2016 and appointed Dr. Tim Richard as the new Principal. Dr. Richard implemented several changes that resulted in significant improvement to academics, school culture, and school facilities and enrollment grew from 400 students in 2016 to over 900 students by 2020.
In 2020, Dr. Richard resigned from his position and Steve Miller became the new Principal
References
Educational institutions established in 2009
Public high schools in Arizona
Schools in Pinal County, Arizona
2009 establishments in Arizona
was a Japanese Noh actor and playwright of the Konparu school. He was the grandson of Konparu Zenchiku. Zenpō's plays were more popular and dramatic, novel and crowd-pleasing with large casts and more elaborate effects and sets, than the plays of his grandfather's, or his great-grandfather Zeami's, although he did have an appreciation of yugen and wabi (Zenpō was a pupil of Shuko and quoted him as saying "The moon not glimpsed through rifts in clouds holds no interest").
Plays
Arashiyama (嵐山)
Hatsuyuki ("Virgin Snow" or "First Snow"; 初雪; written in the yugen Zenchiku style)
Ikarikazuki ("The Anchor Draping"; 碇潜)
Ikkaku sennin ("One-Horned Wizard"; 一角仙人; this Noh inspired the kabuki play Narukami)
Ikuta Atsumori (生田敦盛)
Kamo (賀茂)
Tōbōsaku (東方朔)
Treatises
Mōtanshichinshō (1455)
Further reading
Four classical Asian plays in modern translation (1972), by Vera Rushforth Irwin. . (Contains a translation of Ikkaku sennin.)
Furyuno no jidai: Konparu Zenpo to sono shuhen ("Komparu Zempo and the age of furyu (spectacle) noh performance"; 1998), by Tomoko Ishii. Published in Tokyo by Tokyo Daigaku Shuppankai;
References
Zempo Zodan (manuscript dated 1553) section 4, in Kodai Chusei Geijutsuron. Cited in Hirota, D. (ed) (1995). Wind in the pines: classic writings of the way of tea as a Buddhist path. Fremont, CA: Asian Humanities Press, 71.
Noh playwrights
1454 births
1520 deaths
15th-century Japanese male actors
CompuBox is the name of a computerized punch scoring system run by two operators. CompuBox is used in boxing matches around the world.
Background
The system is based on a computer program, originally named FightStat, developed by Jon Gibbs in 1984–85 when Gibbs worked with Logan Hobson and Robert Canobbio at Sports Information Data Base (SIDB), of Hasbrouck Heights, New Jersey.
Gibbs was the developer of TenniSTAT, the first computer-generated statistics program for tennis, which was used by the US Open, Wimbledon, the Australian Open, and other major tournaments.
At Hobson & Canobbio's request, Gibbs wrote the code for FightStat (also called PunchStat in some venues) and was used at Madison Square Garden's Felt Forum and in Reno for the 1985 HBO Boxing telecast of the Livingstone Bramble-Ray Mancini rematch for the WBA's world Lightweight title.
After SIDB went bankrupt in 1985, Hobson and Canobbio renamed the program CompuBox and founded CompuBox Inc. Hobson later left the company in 2002.
CompuBox's purpose is to settle controversies surrounding fights by counting each punch thrown by each of the fighters, and also each punch landed, to provide fight viewers with a final punchstat count and a perception of who should ideally be given the judges' decision, in the cases where a fight lasts the full distance.
The system calls for two operators. Each operator watches one of the two fighters and has access to four keys, corresponding to jab connect, jab miss, power punch connect, and power punch miss. The operators key in the different punches as they happen, collecting punch counts and hit percentages along the way.
CompuBox is used by HBO, NBC and ESPN. Former world champion Genaro Hernandez was one of the men in charge of operating the system.
References
Sources
"Compubox Online"
Jones, Robert. "Interview With the Owner of CompuBox: Bob Canobbio", Mike Marley's FightNightNews.com, accessed February 12, 2008.
Perry, Kevin. "Fight Report Exclusive-Compubox Interview", Fight Report, accessed February 12, 2008.
Boxing
Sports software
The Holth Peaks () are a group of peaks which rise to in the form of a short northeast–southwest ridge, northwest of Mount Lymburner near the northern end of the Sentinel Range in the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica. They were discovered by Lincoln Ellsworth on his trans-Antarctic flight of November 23, 1935, and were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Baard Holth, captain of the MV ''Wyatt Earp on Ellsworth's first expedition to Antarctica in 1933–34.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
References
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Dhiya Eddin Mahjoub Musa Kano (born 30 May 1995) is a Sudanese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Al-Merrikh and the Sudan national football team.
References
Living people
1995 births
Sudanese footballers
Sudan international footballers
Al-Merrikh SC players
Association football midfielders
Alamal SC Atbara players
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
National Bank of Bahrain (NBB) was established in 1957 as the first indigenous bank in Bahrain. They are a nationwide network of 25 branches, 61 ATMs, and over 4,000 points of sale terminals in addition to their branches in Abu Dhabi and Riyadh.
Major shareholders
Bahrain Mumtalakat Holding Company (Bahrain) 49%, The Pension Fund Commission (Bahrain) 6.24%.
References
1957 establishments in Bahrain
Banks of Bahrain
Banks established in 1957
Companies listed on the Bahrain Bourse
Companies based in Manama
Madar is a village about north of the Yemeni capital of Sanaa. In 2003 a local journalist noted the existence of dinosaur footprints in limestone bedrock and brought them to the attention of geologists at the University of Sanaa. The main site of the finds, located at , is approximately west off the main road, and has been signposted and fenced by the Yemen Geological Survey. Additional tracks have been recognized nearby, within the villages of Arhab and Bait al Washr. At the main site it was determined that there were tracks of eleven sauropods and one ornithopod dating from 150 million years ago. Footprints of both juveniles and adults were found. The discovery is the first of dinosaur footprints in the Arabian Peninsula, and only a very few fossils have been previously identified in the peninsula. The discovery has since been signposted for tourists, and efforts are underway to list the site with UNESCO. From here, Radhanite traders migrated to various parts of Kerala whose descendants (converted to Islam) are recognised today under the family name of Madar.
External links
BBC article about the site
Scientific report of the findings
Populated places in Yemen
T1International is a not for profit that advocates for people with type 1 diabetes. It launched the insulin4all social media campaign and organised two high profile protests outside Ely Lilly and Company headquarters.
History
T1International was founded by Elizabeth Pfiester in 2014. The group has a focus on the affordability and accessibility of insulin.
Activities
T1International's global headquarters are based in London, England, and their work includes Africa, Europe, Asia, and North America.
T1International launched the social media insulin4all campaign and has held two protests outside the headquarters of Eli Lilly and Company. The second protest included a confrontation between company executive and the mother of Alec Smith, who died in 2017, after rationing insulin manufactured by Eli Lilly.
T1International does a twice-annual survey to determine what people are paying for insulin throughout the world.
See also
Type 1 diabetes
Campaign for Access to Essential Medicines
Universities Allied for Essential Medicines
References
External links
T1International - Official webpage
Intellectual property activism
Health activism
Pharmaceuticals policy
Health charities in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 2014
Diabetes organizations
Thomas Frith (1870 – March 1915) was an English professional footballer who played as a full-back.
References
1870 births
1915 deaths
Footballers from Grimsby
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Humber Rovers F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Life Beyond the Box: Norman Stanley Fletcher is a BBC Television comedy docudrama, first shown in 2003, that depicts the later life of Norman Stanley Fletcher, the main character in two earlier television series, Porridge and Going Straight.
Synopsis
The film details Norman Stanley Fletcher's life over the 25 years since his release from Slade Prison. The majority of the programme features surviving members of the cast of the original series, in character, and Ronnie Barker appears as Fletcher only in the last few minutes.
The absence of Fletcher's naïve young cellmate Godber, played by Richard Beckinsale who died in 1979, is explained in a scene in which Fletcher's daughter Ingrid receives a phone call from Godber to say that he is stuck in traffic and will not be able to appear in the "documentary".
The film also featured "Whispering" Bob Harris (who was interviewed about a legendary concert by Slade at Slade Prison), and Melvin Bragg (who interviewed 'Genial' Harry Grout in connection with his autobiography).
Cast
Ronnie Barker as Norman Stanley Fletcher
Patricia Brake as Ingrid Godber
Peter Vaughan as 'Genial' Harry Grout
Christopher Biggins as Lukewarm
Ken Jones as Ives
Sam Kelly as 'Bunny' Warren
Tony Osoba as Jim McLaren
External links
BBC television docudramas
2003 television specials
Mary Hannah Fulton (31 May 1854 – 7 January 1927) was a medical missionary sent to South China by the Presbyterian Church. She began her work by setting up a dispensary in Kwai Ping, then continued by working with the Canton Hospital. Dr. Fulton set up a college to train women in medicine, the Hackett Medical College for Women, and served as the dean there. In addition, she preached the Presbyterian faith and ultimately began a multi-denominational Christian congregation in Shanghai. There she also translated English medical volumes into Chinese. She died in Pasadena, California at the age of 72.
Early life and education
Mary Hannah Fulton was born in Ashland, Ohio on May 31, 1854. She was born to John. S Fulton, a native Pennsylvanian and prominent attorney in Ohio, and Augusta Louise Fulton, a native of Seneca, New York. Her parents moved to Ashland in 1840, and her father was a prominent attorney there. Fulton had two brothers; Reverend Albert Andrew Fulton and Harmon H. Fulton.
Fulton attended Lawrence University in Appleton, Wisconsin, where she completed her freshman and sophomore years. She completed her education and received her B.S. degree in 1874 at Hillsdale College, and then received her M.S. degree in 1877 from the same college.
After teaching in the public schools of Indianapolis, Indiana for three years, Fulton entered the Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania, which was noted for training medical missionaries. She graduated in the spring of 1884. Her graduation thesis was written on the topic of Elephantiasis Gracecorum-leprosy, a disease especially common in central and southern China.
Early work in China
Work in the Guangxi Province
The Presbyterian Church began their missionary missions to China in 1838. Fulton was appointed as a missionary to South China in May 1884 by the Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions. Upon arrival, Fulton joined her brother and his wife in their quest to evangelize China. Together, they set up an outpost in Kwai Ping in the Guangxi province, an anti-foreigner region where no missionaries had previously ventured. Mary Fulton rented two rooms in a mud house that served as a dispensary for medication and a treatment room, while Albert Fulton preached and his wife opened a school for girls.
In order to communicate with the locals, Fulton hired an assistant, Mrs. Mei Yagui, who had trained at the Canton Hospital, to serve as her translator and assistant. By 1886, Mary and Albert Fulton had succeeded in raising the funds necessary to build a new hospital building. However, before the opening, a violent gang attacked the missionary outpost, incited by Confucian scholars who were against the mutilation of human bodies for the sake of medicine. The missionaries escaped without serious injury, but never again returned to Kwai Ping.
In the same year, the Medical Missionary Association of China was founded in Shanghai. Fulton was admitted as one of the original thirty-four members.
Canton Hospital
Fulton continued her work at the Canton Hospital, which was started by Dr. Peter Parker in 1835 and run by John G Kerr. The Canton Hospital, a treatment and training facility, also ran dispensaries in the area. In 1888, Fulton opened a dispensary for women near the hospital. In 1891, she opened another dispensary for women with the help of Dr. Mary Niles. She used these dispensaries to provide medical treatment to villagers who were not able to travel to the hospital.
Fulton performed medical services ranging from regular treatment to common surgical operations free of charge to those who could not pay. When patients insisted on paying her, citing Chinese tradition, she used the gifts to support the patients' families, and cash was contributed to the hospital.
In 1879, John G. Kerr admitted two women to the training program at the Canton Hospital. By 1888 there were 37 female pupils training at the hospital. In 1897, Fulton resumed responsibility for the women's work of the hospital. When Kerr resigned from the hospital in 1898, no provisions were made for the female students. Fulton began collecting funds at once to set up training for women medical professionals.
Hackett Medical College for Women
Necessity for a women's college
Due to the strict social etiquette in China that forbade physical contact between men and women, women were reluctant to consult doctors or receive medical treatment. A male practitioner could not even put a finger on a female's wrist to feel a pulse; women pointed to a figurine to show where their pain was instead of point to a body part or removing pieces of clothing. Therefore, there was a high demand for female medical professionals who would be able to treat women and girls.
Facilities
Fulton opened her first training facility, called the Kwangtung Medical School for Women, in 1901. It was housed on the ground floor of the Theodore Cuyler First Presbyterian Church in the western suburbs of Canton and consisted of 11 female students. The building was not sufficient as the students were forced to have their meals in the outpatient room. With three thousand dollars raised by the Fulton and Presbyterian mission, a special hospital for women and children, called the David Gregg Hospital, was built as a teaching facility for the school.
Theodore Cuyler and David Gregg were pastors of the Lafayette Avenue Presbyterian Church in Brooklyn, New York, which commissioned and underwrote much of Fulton's work in China. In 1903, Mr E A Hackett donated enough money to build a special building to house the college, and it was renamed the Hackett Medical College for Women. Three years later, in 1906, another gift from Hackett allowed a second building to be built to house lecture and laboratory rooms. The first building became dorms.
Fulton's impact
The goal of the college was to distribute Christianity and modern medicine, as well as to elevate the social status of women in China. With Fulton's recommendation, the curriculum was taught in Cantonese in order to train women to be most effective to the surrounding areas and provide them with greater professional opportunities. The curriculum included attending clinics, helping to lance boils, and practical assistance in childcare and delivering babies. Graduates were instantly employed at mission hospitals and several government institutions. Under Fulton's guidance, Hackett College provided free medical services to the poor.
The women who were trained at the Hackett College were considered fine educated women, and thus highly demanded as wives for the upper class. Therefore, Fulton made a strict restriction that women set to be married were prohibited from studying there.
Fulton remained dean of the college for 16 years.
Retirement to Shanghai
At the request of the Medical Missionary Association of China, Fulton moved to Shanghai in 1915 to commence the translation of medical books. She presented the Publication Committee of the Chinese Medical Society with a supply of her translation, which included Dr. Anna M. Fullerton's “Nursing in Abdominal Surgery and Disease of Women” as well as “Diseases of Children” and “Nursing in Abdominal Surgery”. Many Chinese general practitioners and medical teachers adopted her Cantonese translations of important English-language textbooks on general and surgical nursing.
In Shanghai, Fulton organized an independent congregation that included nine denominations. She raised money to build the Cantonese Union Church of Shanghai, also called the Augusta Fulton Memorial Church in memory of her mother. This became the center for Christian activities in Shanghai.
Death
In May 1918, poor health forced Fulton to return to the United States. She died in Pasadena, California at the age of 72, and was buried in the Inglewood Cemetery in California. Her death was attributed to cardiac decomposition, the result of chronic asthma.
References
Bibliography
Chen, Deborah (2004). "The Establishment of Medical Missionary Education in Guangzhou." Thesis. Haverford College
Barr, Jennifer (May 2012). A Guide to Materials on Western Medicine in China in the Collections of the Presbyterian Historical Society.. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
James, Edward T. and Barbara Sicherman (1971). ‘' Notable American Women: A Biographical Dictionary '‘. Cambridge, MA: Belknap of Harvard UP.
Wong, K. Chimin (1973). ‘' History of Chinese medicine; being a chronicle of medical happenings in China from ancient times to the present period'' (2d ed.). New York: AMS Press.
Xu, Guangqui (2011). American Doctors in Canton. New Brunswick, New Jersey: Transaction Publishers.
Lovejoy, Esther (1957). Woman Doctors of the World. Michigan: Macmillan.
1854 births
1927 deaths
People from Ashland, Ohio
American Presbyterian missionaries
Presbyterian missionaries in China
Christian medical missionaries
American women physicians
Female Christian missionaries
Hot Stove is an offseason baseball talk show that airs on MLB Network and is simulcast on MLB Network Radio. The show offers the coverage of offseason activities including trades, free agent signings, and rumors. It is taped live in "Studio K" of the MLB Network studios in Secaucus, New Jersey. Prior to its restructure to a talk show in 2012, it replaced MLB Tonight as the signature show of the network during the off season. As such it was taped live in Studio 3, but also featured segments taped in Studio 42. The program airs from after the World Series and before spring training.
Personalities
Hosts
Main
Greg Amsinger: (2009–2011)
Victor Rojas: (2009–2010)
Matt Vasgersian: (2009–present)
Matt Yallof: (2009–2011)
Harold Reynolds: (2012–present)
Guest Hosts
Brian Kenny: (November 20–21, 2012)
Keith Olbermann: (November 20–21, 2012)
Analysts
Sean Casey: (2009–2011)
John Hart: (2009–2011)
Barry Larkin: (2009–2011)
Al Leiter: (2009–2011)
Joe Magrane: (2009–2011)
Dan Plesac: (2009–2011)
Harold Reynolds: (2009–2011)
Billy Ripken: (2009–2011)
Dave Valle: (2009–2011)
Mitch Williams: (2009–2014)
Reporters
Trenni Kusnierek: (2009–2010)
Hazel Mae: (2009–2011)
Lauren Shehadi: (2012–present)
Heidi Watney: (2012–present)
Insiders
Jon Heyman: (2009–present)
Tracy Ringolsby: (2009–2011)
Ken Rosenthal: (2009–2021)
Tom Verducci: (2009–present)
Peter Gammons: (2010–present)
Commentators
Bob Costas: (2009–2011)
Hot Stove Awards
On February 25, 2011, during the final segment of the final edition of Hot Stove of the season, the first-ever Hot Stove Awards was given according to the best animated features, the best original screenplays, and best pictures.
References
Major League Baseball studio shows
MLB Network original programming
2009 American television series debuts
2000s American television talk shows
2010s American television talk shows
Peter Sheridan (born 1952) is an Irish playwright, screenwriter and director. He lives in Dublin. His awards include the Rooney Prize for Irish Literature. In 1980 he was writer-in-residence in the Abbey Theatre, Dublin, and his short film, The Breakfast, won several European awards. He wrote the pilot episode of Fair City. He wrote and directed the film Borstal Boy,<ref>IMDB </ref> which was released in 2002. He is the brother of the film director Jim Sheridan.
In 2017, he also appeared as a contestant on the British game show Countdown.
Plays
Diary of a Hunger Strike Emigrants Finders Keepers No Entry Children of Eve Paint It Black Shades of the Jelly Woman (Part One) The Liberty Suit The Rock and Roll Show Women at Work Are You Havin' a Laugh? Borstal Boy Playwright: Frank McMahon "Borstal Boy" was written by Brendan Behan
Novels Every Inch of Her (Big Fat Love) (2003 & 2004)
Memoirs44 (1999)Forty Seven Roses (2002)Break a Leg'' (2012)
References
Sources
Irish dramatists and playwrights
Irish male dramatists and playwrights
Irish novelists
People from County Dublin
Living people
1952 births
Irish male novelists
Richland County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 16,233. Its county seat is Olney.
History
Richland County was established on February 24, 1841, out of portions of East part of Clay and West part of Lawrence counties. It was named for Richland County, Ohio, where many of the early settlers migrated from.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Olney have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1951 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Major highways
U.S. Route 50
Illinois Route 130
Illinois Route 250
Adjacent counties
Jasper County (north)
Crawford County (northeast)
Lawrence County (east)
Wabash County (southeast)
Edwards County (south)
Wayne County (southwest)
Clay County (west)
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 16,233 people, 6,726 households, and 4,438 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,513 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.3% white, 0.7% Asian, 0.5% black or African American, 0.2% American Indian, 0.4% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 29.6% were German, 11.7% were American, 11.4% were English, and 9.2% were Irish.
Of the 6,726 households, 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were married couples living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.0% were non-families, and 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.88. The median age was 42.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,917 and the median income for a family was $53,853. Males had a median income of $41,058 versus $31,296 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,874. About 9.5% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.1% of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over. Richland is the top ranked most affordable county in Illinois to buy a car and is on average $932 less expensive than other Illinois counties.
Communities
City
Olney (seat)
Villages
Calhoun
Claremont
Noble
Parkersburg
Unincorporated communities
Berryville
Dundas
Elbow
Wynoose
Townships
Richland County is divided into nine townships:
Bonpas
Claremont
Decker
Denver
German
Madison
Noble
Olney
Preston
Notable people
Alexander W. Swanitz (1851–1915), civil engineer who participated in the construction of railroads in various parts of the country
Dial D. Ryder (1938–2011), gun smith
Politics
Government
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Richland County
References
Illinois counties
1841 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1841
Richland County, Illinois
Invictus is the eighth studio album from New York-based power metal band Virgin Steele. It is the third part of The Marriage of Heaven and Hell saga, exploring the relationships and conflicts between humanity and divinity. The album's name is Latin for Unconquered.
Track listing
All tracks by David DeFeis except "Defiance" by DeFeis / Edward Pursino
2014 Remastered 2nd CD: Fire Spirits (Bonus Tracks - Acoustic Versions)
Personnel
Band members
David DeFeis - all vocals, keyboards, orchestration, effects, producer
Edward Pursino - acoustic and electric guitars
Rob DeMartino - bass
Frank Gilchriest - drums
Production
Steve Young - producer, engineer, mixing
Michael Sarsfield - mastering
References
External links
Review on revelations.net
1998 albums
Virgin Steele albums
Noise Records albums
Endre Antal Miksa DeToth, better known as Andre de Toth (born Endre Antal Mihály Tóth; May 15, 1913 – October 27, 2002), was a Hungarian-American film director, born and raised in Makó, Austria-Hungary. He directed the 3D film House of Wax, despite being unable to see in 3D himself, having lost an eye at an early age. Upon naturalization as a United States citizen in 1945, he took Endre Antal Miksa de Toth as his legal name.
Early life
Born in 1913 as Sasvári farkasfalvi tóthfalusi Tóth Endre Antal Mihály, de Toth earned a degree in law from the Royal Hungarian Pázmány Péter Science's University in Budapest in the early 1930s. He garnered acclaim for plays written as a college student, acquiring the mentorship of Ferenc Molnár and becoming part of the theater scene in Budapest.
Career
De Toth segued from there to the film industry and worked as a writer, assistant director, editor and sometime actor. In 1939 he directed five films just before World War II began in Europe. Several of these films received significant release in the Hungarian communities in the United States. He went to England, spent several years as an assistant to fellow Hungarian émigré Alexander Korda, and eventually moved to Los Angeles in 1942.
Based on his Hungarian films, the production work for Korda and writing he had done on American projects during earlier stints in Los Angeles, he received an oral contract as a director at Columbia Pictures from which he ultimately extricated himself by litigation. He preferred working as an independent and had no "A" budgets early in his career. Thus, he had to supplement his directing income with writing assignments, often uncredited. Introduced to Westerns by John Ford, he worked mostly in that genre throughout the 1950s, often bringing elements of noir style into those films.
In 1951, he received an Oscar nomination for Best Writing (with co-writer William Bowers) for the story filmed as The Gunfighter.
While largely remembered as the director of the earliest and most successful 3D film, House of Wax, de Toth also directed the noir films Pitfall (1948) and Crime Wave (1954).
Personal life
De Toth lost sight in one eye and wore a black eyepatch; as a 1994 report in The Independent noted, this led to an almost deadly incident:
During his seven marriages, de Toth became father and stepfather of 19 children, including editor Nicolas de Toth. He was married to Veronica Lake from 1944 until their divorce in 1952. They had a son, Andre Anthony Michael de Toth III (born October 25, 1945) and a daughter, Diana DeToth (born 1948). In 1953 he married the actress Mary Lou Holloway (née Stratton). At the time of his death in 2002, de Toth was married to his seventh wife, Ann Green.
Memoir
In 1996, he published his memoir, Fragments – Portraits from the Inside (London: Faber and Faber, 1994; ).
Death
On October 27, 2002, de Toth died from an aneurysm, aged 89. He was interred in Forest Lawn Memorial Park cemetery in the Hollywood Hills.
Partial filmography
Two Girls on the Street (1939)
Jungle Book (1942) (second unit director only)
Passport to Suez (1943)
None Shall Escape (1944)
Dark Waters (1944)
Ramrod (1947)
The Other Love (1947)
Pitfall (1948)
Slattery's Hurricane (1949)
Man in the Saddle (1951)
Carson City (1952)
Springfield Rifle (1952)
Last of the Comanches (1953)
House of Wax (1953)
The Stranger Wore a Gun (1953)
Thunder Over the Plains (1953)
Crime Wave (1954)
Tanganyika (1954)
Riding Shotgun (1954)
The Bounty Hunter (1954)
The Indian Fighter (1955)
Hidden Fear (1957)
Monkey on My Back (1957)
The Two-Headed Spy (1958)
Day of the Outlaw (1959)
Man on a String (1960)
Morgan, the Pirate (Italian title: Morgan il pirata) (1960)
The Mongols (Italian title: I mongoli) (1961)
Lawrence of Arabia (1962) (second unit director only - uncredited)
Gold for the Caesars (Italian title: Oro per i Cesari) (1963)
Play Dirty (1968)
Superman (1978) (second unit director only - uncredited)
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
1913 births
2002 deaths
American film directors
Hungarian film directors
Western (genre) film directors
20th-century American memoirists
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Hollywood Hills)
Deaths from aneurysm
English-language film directors
Hungarian emigrants to the United States
Hungarian nobility
Horror film directors
American people with disabilities
Fegentri stands for International Federation of Gentlemen and Lady Riders or, in French, Fédération Internationale des Gentlemen-Riders et des Cavalières. It was founded in 1955 . The founding members were France, Germany, Italy, Sweden and Switzerland. Many nations have joined Fegentri since 1955 and today the membership consists of 25 different countries.
Notable members
Nathalie Bélinguier (Présidente)
Thierry Lohest (Vice-Président)
References
Horse racing organizations
Horace White (August 10, 1834 – September 16, 1916) was a United States journalist and financial expert, noted for his connection with the Chicago Tribune, the New York Evening Post, and The Nation.
Biography
White was born in Colebrook, New Hampshire. His father was a doctor. In 1837 his family moved to Beloit, Wisconsin, and White graduated from at Beloit College in 1853. In 1854, he became city editor of the Chicago Evening Journal. In 1856-57 he served as assistant secretary of the National Kansas Committee.
As a reporter for the Chicago Tribune he accompanied Abraham Lincoln in 1858 in his campaign against Stephen A. Douglas, his account being published in Herndon's Life of Lincoln. As a result, he became friends with Lincoln and Henry Villard. Villard was covering the debates for the New-Yorker Staats-Zeitung. In 1861, White became the Washington correspondent of the Tribune. He headed a syndicate for the publication of Civil War news during 1864.
From 1864 to 1874 he was editor-in-chief and one of the owners of the Chicago Tribune. He left the Tribune due to ill health. In 1877, he joined Villard to work successively in two railway firms, and then in 1881, when Villard bought the New York Evening Post and The Nation, White, along with Carl Schurz and Edwin L. Godkin, managed the enterprise. Schurz left in 1883, and Godkin assumed the role of editor-in-chief. In 1899, White succeeded Godkin as editor-in-chief, and he held that position until his retirement in 1903. In 1909, he was appointed to the New York State Commission on Speculation and Commodities. He was widely known for his able discussions of currency and banking problems.
He was struck by an automobile in New York City, and died shortly thereafter.
Works
Original work
Money and Banking illustrated by American History (1895; fifth edition, revised, 1914)
Life of Lyman Trumbull (1913)
Translations
Appian, Roman History (two volumes, 1899), translated from Greek
Editor
Frederic Bastiat, Sophismes économiques (Chicago, 1869)
Luigi Cossa, Scienza delle finanze (New York, 1888)
Legacy
White is remembered as proponent of quality journalism aimed at public good. In his "School of Journalism" (1904) he wrote,
References
Attribution
External links
1834 births
1916 deaths
American economics writers
American editors
American male journalists
American publishers (people)
People from Colebrook, New Hampshire
Beloit College alumni
Writers from New Hampshire
19th-century American businesspeople
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1966 season.
Overview
It was contested by 14 teams, and ESR won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
is a 1986 Japanese animated adventure comedy film, based on the Super Mario Bros. (1985) video game. Directed by Masami Hata and produced by Masakatsu Suzuki and Tsunemasa Hatano, the plot centers on Mario and Luigi, who go on a quest to save Princess Peach from King Koopa.
It is one of the two first films based on a video game, along with Running Boy: Star Soldier's Secret, released on the same day. It predates the Super Mario Bros. live-action film by seven years. It is the earliest isekai anime to involve a virtual video game world.
Plot
Late one night, Mario is playing his Famicom. Suddenly, he witnesses a girl on the television screen crying for help from the enemies attacking her. She escapes by jumping out of the TV and introduces herself as Princess Peach. King Koopa appears and follows her out of the TV. Mario fights him, but Koopa successfully captures Peach back into the TV. Mario discovers a small necklace that Peach left on the floor.
The next day, while he and his brother Luigi are working at their grocery store, Mario cannot stop thinking about Peach and the necklace. Luigi claims the jewel on the necklace is said to lead its owner to the Mushroom Kingdom, a supposed a land of treasure. A small dog-like creature wanders into the store and snatches the necklace from Mario, prompting him and Luigi to give chase and fall down a pipe.
When they emerge, a mushroom hermit reveals he ordered the dog, Kibidango, to bring the brothers to him. He explains that they are now in the Mushroom Kingdom, which is being ravaged by King Koopa and his army. Angry that his marriage proposal was spurned by Peach, Koopa is turning the citizens into inanimate objects, and plans to force Peach into marriage on Friday the 13th. The hermit reveals a legend that claims the Mario Bros. can defeat Koopa, and that they will need to find the three mystical Power-Ups to overcome his magic: the Mushroom, the Flower, and the Star. With the three Power-Ups hidden throughout the Mushroom Kingdom by Koopa's forces, the Mario Bros. set out to find them, guided by Kibidango.
After a long journey with many perilous obstacles, the brothers eventually acquire all three Power-Ups. That night, Mario arrives at King Koopa's castle just as the wedding is starting. With the help of the three Power-Ups, Mario successfully defeats Koopa, breaking his spell and turning the Mushroom Kingdom back to normal. When Mario returns Peach's necklace, Kibidango arrives and reverts to his true form, Prince Haru of the Flower Kingdom. Haru explains that he is Peach's fiancé, but Koopa turned him into Kibidango to marry her in his place. Though heartbroken, Mario wishes the couple well and promises to return if they ever need help, and he and Luigi begin their long journey home.
In a post-credits scene, King Koopa and his minions are now working at the brothers' grocery store as punishment.
Voice cast
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack was scored by Toshiyuki Kimori. It includes these songs:
"Doki-Doki Do It!" by Mirai Douji
"Doki-Doki Do It! (Rock'n Roll Version)" by Mirai Douji
by Mami Yamase
by Mami Yamase
The film uses music and sound effects from the Super Mario Bros. video game. An LP was released.
Production and release
In 1986, Mario was already popular in Japan, so Grouper Productions collaborated with Nintendo to produce a film. To advertise the anime, they released Mario phone cards, watches, rice containers, ramen noodles, a manga, an art book, three riddle books, a picture book, and an original soundtrack released on vinyl and cassette. On July 20, 1986, the anime came out in theaters across Japan. VAP Video later released the film on retail VHS and Betamax cassettes in Japan. There have been no international releases, and no DVD or Blu-ray releases. In July 2021, Carnivol released a scan of the 16mm film on YouTube. In the description, Carnivol announced that restoration group Kineko Video will restore the film in 4K, which was released on April 16, 2022.
Legacy
It is one of the two first films based on a video game, along with Running Boy: Star Soldier's Secret, released on the same day. It predates the Super Mario Bros. live-action film by seven years.
It is the earliest isekai anime to involve a virtual video game world, and the earliest isekai anime to involve the protagonist being trapped in the virtual world of a video game. Because it involves Mario playing a video game that comes to life, it is an ancestor of the "trapped in a video game" subgenre of isekai anime.
Notes
References
External links
1980s children's animated films
1986 anime films
Anime films based on video games
1980s Japanese-language films
Films about twin brothers
Films about turtles
Films about princesses
Films about giants
Films about kidnapping
Films directed by Masami Hata
Isekai anime and manga
Japanese children's fantasy films
Mario films
Works based on Nintendo video games
Animated films about brothers
Animated films about reptiles and amphibians
H. Emerson Blake (also credited as Emerson Blake, or Chip Blake) is an ecologist, writer, and editor of many books. He was formerly the editor-in-chief at Orion Magazine, executive director of the Orion Society, and editor-in-chief at Milkweed Editions.
Biography
Blake is originally from Philadelphia. He received his bachelor's degree from the University of Colorado at Boulder and finished his graduate work at Antioch University New England. While at Antioch, he helped found Whole Terrain, an environmentally-themed literary journal, and edited the first volume, Environmental Identity and Professional Choices (1992).
Though he studied ecology, Blake has been ensconced in the world of small publishing, editing, and nature writing. He was hired in 1992 at Orion Magazine as associate editor and continued as managing editor until 2003. When Milkweed Editions co-founder Emilie Buchwald retired in 2003, Blake took over as editor-in-chief of the small publishing company. In June 2005, Blake returned to take his current post as editor-in-chief of Orion Magazine and executive director of the Orion Society, moving on from Milkweed for personal reasons.
Books and essays he has edited have been nominated and won many awards including the National Magazine Award, the Pushcart Prize, the PEN Literary Award, the John Oakes Award in Environmental Journalism, the Minnesota Book Award, the Oregon Book Award, and The New York Times Notable Book of the Year. He has served as a judge for the Phil Reed Writing Award alongside Nikki Giovanni, Janisse Ray, Bill McKibben, Wilma Dykeman, and Jan DeBlieu.
He has served as a visiting faculty member at Sterling College in Craftsbury, Vermont.
Blake resides in Great Barrington, Massachusetts.
References
Milkweed Lures Harcourt Editor by Claire Kirch, Publishers Weekly, September 16, 2005
Minnesota: land of long-lasting small presses by Marianne Combs, Minnesota Public Radio October 8, 2004
New Leaders for Literary Nonprofits by Kevin Larimer at Poets&Writers, Inc.
Orion Magazine Staff
Orion Society Staff
Phil Reed Writing Award, Southern Environmental Law Center
Practise What You Preach, Magazine PAPER Project, Down To Earth Magazine
Sterling College Faculty
External links
Welcome to Whole Terrain by H. Emerson Blake, published in Whole Terrain, Volume 1
Whole Terrain link to Blake articles published in Whole Terrain
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American environmentalists
American non-fiction environmental writers
American naturalists
Antioch University New England alumni
University of Colorado alumni
Writers from Philadelphia
The Journal of Clinical Epidemiology is a peer-reviewed journal of epidemiology. The journal was originally established as the Journal of Chronic Diseases in 1955 as a follow-up to Harry S. Truman's 1951 Presidential Task Force on national health concerns and the subsequently written Magnuson Report.
Under the editorial leadership of Alvan Feinstein and Walter O. Spitzer, the title of the journal was changed to the Journal of Clinical Epidemiology with the January 1988 issue. The current editors are André Knottnerus (Netherlands School of Primary Care Research) and Peter Tugwell (University of Ottawa).
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2020 Impact Factor of 6.437, ranking it 5th out of 108 journals in the category "Health Care Sciences & Services".
References
External links
Main Site
Epidemiology journals
Elsevier academic journals
Monthly journals
Publications established in 1955
1955 establishments in the Netherlands
Walter Lübcke (22 August 1953 – 2 June 2019) was a German local politician in Hesse and a member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). On 2 June 2019, he was assassinated at his home by a neo-Nazi extremist. Stephan Ernst was arrested on 15 June 2019, and confessed to the crime on 25 June 2019. The Federal Prosecutor's Office classified the murder as a political assassination.
Early life and education
After attending primary and secondary school in Edertal, he finished a two-year vocational training in Bad Wildungen in 1969 to briefly work in a local bank afterwards. During his voluntary military service between 1975 and 1983, he completed his human resources management training and later worked as an assistant in the press office of the art exhibition documenta 7. Concurrently, he studied at the University of Kassel from 1981 to 1986, graduating with a degree in economics. In 1991, he successfully defended his doctoral dissertation on "The early economic planning attempts in the Soviet Union: 1924–1928; Socialism between utopia and pragmatism".
Career
Lübcke served as the municipal-oversight president of the governmental district (Regierungsbezirk) of Kassel, one of three in the federal state of Hesse, for 10 years.
Lübcke was known for his pro-migrant views. He received death threats after stating at a public gathering that people were free to leave the country if they opposed helping those claiming asylum.
Assassination
On 2 June 2019, Lübcke was found dead on the terrace of his residence in the village of . He had been shot in the head with a Rossi revolver at close range. On 15 June 2019, 45-year-old suspect Stephan Ernst was arrested. Ernst was known to have held extreme right-wing political views and had links to the far-right National Democratic Party of Germany (NPD) and the German branch of the British neo-Nazi terrorist group Combat 18 (C18). Ernst had been previously convicted for knife and bomb attacks against targets connected to ethnic minorities in Germany.
Aftermath
Following the death of Lübcke, the city of Kassel held a rally with up to 10,000 people attending who held banners that said in German "#FlagForDiversity" and "Together we are strong" with the following statements delivered by Bishop and , director of the Staatstheater Kassel that said "Whoever violates the dignity of people, in violence or in words, puts himself outside our democratic community, there are no ifs, ands or buts" and "cowardly people who in the anonymity of the internet wanted to feel powerful". Two others, Elmar J. and Markus H. were arrested on suspicion of ties to the killer.
An investigation by the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV) found that a doomsday prepper network Nordkreuz (German: Northern Cross) had ammunition, firearms, and body bags, as well as "kill lists" for politicians after acquisition of a database of 25,000 names, which they shared on the messaging app Telegram.
See also
Murder of Jo Cox, a British Member of Parliament (MP), by neo-Nazi Thomas Mair in 2016
References
External links
1953 births
2019 deaths
20th-century German politicians
21st-century German politicians
Assassinated German politicians
Christian Democratic Union of Germany politicians
Deaths by firearm in Germany
German Protestants
German terrorism victims
Members of the Landtag of Hesse
People from Kassel (district)
University of Kassel alumni
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
We'll Live And Die in These Towns is the debut album of British indie rock band The Enemy, released on 9 July 2007. It went to number #1 on its first week of release in the British album charts. It peaked at #34 on the World Album Chart.
The album reached #75 in the UK end of year chart selling around 222,000 copies in 2007.
In February 2008 it was given platinum certification meaning sales of over 300,000 copies.
A low-quality version of the full album was leaked on 3 July 2007, containing both demo and non-album versions of particular songs.
For the single release of "This Song", it was renamed "This Song Is About You".
The song "Aggro", which appears on the album, is featured in the video game Guitar Hero World Tour.
Reception
Critical response to We'll Live and Die in These Towns tended toward the positive. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 61, based on 11 reviews.
Track listing
"Aggro" – 3:25
"Away From Here" – 3:02
"Pressure" – 3:18
"Had Enough" - 2:39
"We'll Live and Die in These Towns" – 3:54
"You're Not Alone" – 3:44
"It's Not OK" – 3:35
"Technodanceaphobic" – 2:34
"40 Days and 40 Nights" – 3:36
"This Song" – 4:25
"Happy Birthday Jane" – 2:59
Bonus tracks:
"Five Years" (David Bowie cover) - 4:31
"Fear Killed the Youth of our Nation" - 3:31
Writers
All songs written by Tom Clarke
Signing Session
On 9 July, the day of release of the album, the band played a special set at HMV Oxford Street in London and in Coventry.
The album 'We'll Live And Die in These Towns' went to number 1 on 15 July.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2007 debut albums
The Enemy (UK rock band) albums
Warner Records albums
Albums produced by Owen Morris
Bolo palma is a variant of bowls originated and played throughout the region of Cantabria, north of Spain. The basic aim of the game is to knock over as many pins as possible with a wooden ball. Records of the game go back as far as the 16th century. The game was also spread to neighbouring areas of eastern Asturias and northern Palencia. Cantabrian emigration also took the practice of the sport elsewhere in Spain to places such as the Basque Country, Madrid, Catalonia and Andalusia and even to other countries like Mexico, Argentina, Chile and Venezuela.
The set-up
The playing field or bolera is between 30–34 m long and 8 m wide and roughly split into three areas, the zona de tiro (launch zone), the middle area or caja or zona de bolos (pin zone) and the zona de birle (snatching zone) . The ball itself is spherical, about 12–18 cm in diameter and made of oak, sometimes with a lead centre to make the ball heavier. It usually weighs between 1.5-2.3 kg.
The first section is the zona de tiro, the rectangular launching zone 8 m wide and 20 m long from where the players launch the ball. There are circles on the ground called tiros which mark different foot positions for the players.
The caja straddles the zona de tiro and the zona de birle at the far end. It also has a borderline to its front called fleje. Here, there are 9 wooden bolos (pins), made out of birch or hazel, with a metal base (argolla or anilla), about 45 cm tall and 5 cm diameter, weighing between 550-630 g. These are placed on pegs in a 3x3 square exactly straddling both zonas. There is also a tenth pin called emboque or cachi which is smaller and off to one side.
The third section is the zona de birle, a 12 m long area where the second phase of the game is played.
The game
Every game consists of two phases:
Tiro: the shot, where the player launches the ball from the launching area.
Birle: the second shot where the player is allowed to launch the ball again from the position it landed in the tiro.
In the first phase, the player stands on the tiro, at least 12 m and at the most 20 m away from the nearest pin depending on the distance selected. The player then launches the ball upwards into the air, employing a number of different techniques depending on whether the emboque is to the left or the right of the caja.
Any pin knocked over is worth one point but if only the central pin is knocked over, two points are won. After having thrown three balls, the player passes over to the zona de birle. They are then allowed to bowl the three balls again from where they fell in the first throw, a move called birlar. If a ball comes to rest very close to two pins, a special move called segar in which the player knocks over the close pins while aiming for others.
A bola queda is a bad ball that cannot be re-thrown. The most common causes of a bad ball is a ball that touches the ground before crossing the fleje, a ball that lands on the fleje, when the ball does not cross the line of the emboque and when the ball first touches the ground to the right or left of the caja
There are a number of ways in which this game can be won, either by reaching an agreed number of knocked over pins (usually between 20 and 40), by throwing eight balls and meeting a variety of challenges and so on.
References
Further reading
Reglamento del bolo palma
External links
Bolo Week
Cantabrian Bolo Federation
Pictures of bolo games
Bowls
Cantabrian culture
Sport in Cantabria
Sport in Asturias
Basque sport
Bowling in Spain
Sports originating in Spain
Bowling
The Howard Peaks () are a line of east–west trending peaks at the south side of Tourmaline Plateau, extending transversely across the Deep Freeze Range in Victoria Land, Antarctica. They were mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1955–63, and were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Hugh C. Howard, a cook at McMurdo Station for four summer seasons, 1963–64 to 1966–67.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
John Henry Goeke (October 28, 1869 – March 25, 1930) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1911 to 1915.
Biography
Born near Minster, Ohio, Goeke attended the common schools and was graduated from Pio Nono College in St. Francis, Wisconsin, in 1888. He studied law at Cincinnati Law School and was graduated in 1891. He was admitted to the bar in 1891 and commenced practice in St. Marys, Ohio. He was a City solicitor of St. Marys 1892-1894. He served as prosecuting attorney of Auglaize County 1894-1900. He resumed the practice of law in Wapakoneta, Ohio, in 1900. He also served as a director of several banks and manufacturing concerns. He served as chairman of the Democratic State convention in 1903.
Goeke was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-second and Sixty-third Congresses (March 4, 1911 – March 3, 1915). He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1914 to the Sixty-fourth Congress. He served as delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1912, 1920, 1924, and 1928. He resumed the practice of law in Wapakoneta, Ohio. He moved to Lima, Ohio, in 1921 and continued the practice of law. He died in Lima, Ohio, March 25, 1930. He was interred in Gethsemane Cemetery.
In November 1891, Goeke was married to Emma Kolter of Wapakoneta. They had two children. She and the children were accidentally asphyxiated by natural gas at home while Goeke was away.
In September, 1907, Goeke married Catherine Nichols. They had two daughters.
References
External sources
1869 births
1930 deaths
People from Wapakoneta, Ohio
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
County district attorneys in Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
People from Minster, Ohio
General National Maritime Transport Company, more commonly known as GNMTC, is a Libyan State Owned Company which was founded in 1975, with a total capital of 1.2 billion US Dollars. GNMTC is based in Tripoli, Libya, with subsidiaries in Malta and Hong Kong.
GNMTC trades world-wide through its present fleet of various types of vessels which includes Crude Oil Carriers, Product and Chemical Carriers, and LPG Carriers.
Cruise ship
On June 4, 2010 a letter of intent was signed between STX France and GNMTC, to build one 140,000 Gross tonnage cruise ship similar to the existing MSC Cruises Fantasia class ships MSC Fantasia, and MSC Splendida. During construction, the Libyan Civil War broke out on 15 February 2011. In June 2011, STX France cancelled the contract, and began looking for a new buyer of the hull. It was announced on March 13, 2012, that MSC had reached an agreement to buy the ship for 550 million euros, and be named MSC Preziosa.
Current fleet
GNMTC Fleet
Suezmax
Aframax
Medium range tankers (MR)
Handysize
Small size
LPG
Former Fleet List
References
External links
Lloyd's List
BIMCO
International Association of Independent Tanker Owners
Tankers
Transport companies established in 1975
Companies of Libya
1975 establishments in Libya
Government-owned companies of Libya
Economy of Tripoli
Gazi is one of the Central Iranian varieties of Iran, one of five listed in Ethnologue that together have 35,000 speakers.
Sources differ on whether Zefra'i is a dialect of Gazi or of Nayini.
References
Western Iranian languages
Regina Petrey Bunch (born October 3, 1962) is an American Republican politician and educator who is a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives.
Bunch was a special education teacher in the middle school and lives in Williamsburg, Kentucky. In 2011, she was elected to the Kentucky House of Representatives in a special election succeeding her husband Dewayne Bunch who was fatally injured while breaking up a student fight at the high school where he had taught.
Notes
1962 births
Living people
People from Whitley County, Kentucky
Educators from Kentucky
Kentucky women in education
Kentucky Republicans
Members of the Kentucky House of Representatives
Women state legislators in Kentucky
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Women in Kentucky politics
Maria José Batista de Sales (born 19 March 1969), also known as Zezé, is a Brazilian former handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Brazilian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
People from São Gonçalo, Rio de Janeiro
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (state)
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Pan American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Brazil
Handball players at the 1999 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Heimdal is a borough in the city of Trondheim, Trøndelag county, Norway.
Heimdal or Heimdall may refer to:
Places
Norway
Heimdal Station, a railway station in Trondheim
Heimdal Church, a parish church in Trondheim
Heimdal Upper Secondary School, Sør-Trøndelag county
Heimdal, Innlandet, a village, Løten municipality, Innlandet county
Heimdal gas field, in the North Sea
Elsewhere
Heimdal (crater), an impact crater on Mars
Heimdal, North Dakota, a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Wells County, US
Heimdal Glacier, Greenland
Other uses
HNoMS Heimdal (1892), a Norwegian warship
Heimdall, a god in Norse mythology
Heimdall (character), a character from Marvel Comics
Heimdal, an implementation of the Kerberos authentication protocol
2015 Heimdal train derailment, near Heimdal, North Dakota, US
Boldklubben Heimdal, a football club in Copenhagen, Denmark
Braude is a lunar impact crater located on the far side of the Moon. The crater is named after radio astronomer Semion Braude. The crater was adopted by the IAU in 2009. The nearest major feature is the Schrödinger crater. Also located nearby is the Wiechert crater, which is located less than 170 kilometers from the southern pole.
Braude was proposed in 2018 as the landing site for a potential Ukrainian mission to the moon, specifically as the site of a landing probe.
References
External links
LAC-144 area – Map of southern lunar pole
LQ30 quadrangle
Impact craters on the Moon
Goldmeister is a German duo that combines music from the 1920s with hip hop from the 1990s.
History
Chris Dunker and Philipp Ohleyer had already played together for five years as part of the band Phoenix West before the two founded Goldmeister in 2016. The name is based on the two majors influences on the band: swing music from the Golden Twenties in Germany and Grandmaster Flash, one of the pioneers of hip hop. Their music combines Oldtime Jazz, Dixieland, Chicago Jazz, and swing with lounge and party-jazz of the 1960s. Their music is based on hip hop from the 1990s and 2000s, including Fettes Brot, Culcha Candela, Xavier Naidoo, Peter Fox and Jan Delay.
Their first single, Sie ist weg, (a cover of Die Fantastischen Vier) was released on April 6, 2018. On June 22, 2018 their debut album Alles Gold was released by Universal Music. The album reached #30 in the German album charts.
Discography
2018: Sie ist weg (Single, Universal Music)
2018: Alles Gold (Album, Universal Music)
References
External links
Official Website at Universal Music
Jazz ensembles
German musical duos
Rousínov (until 1921 Nový Rousínov; ) is a town in Vyškov District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 5,600 inhabitants.
Administrative parts
Villages of Čechyně, Královopolské Vážany, Kroužek, Rousínovec, Slavíkovice and Vítovice are administrative parts of Rousínov.
Geography
Rousínov is located about east of Brno. It lies mostly in the Vyškov Gate, the southern part of the municipal territory lies in the Litenčice Hills. The small river Rakovec flows through the town.
History
The first written mention of Rousínov is from 1222. In 1321, it was last referred to as a village. It belonged to the Špilberk estate. It became an important crossroads of trade routes from Vienna and from Olomouc. Rousínov was a royal town until 1559, when Ferdinand I sold the Špilberk estate.
The Jewish community existed here from the second half of the 15th century until 1919. The business activities of the Jews after the Thirty Years' War brought economic prosperity to the town.
Until 1945, the village of Čechyně belonged to the German-speaking enclave called Vyškov Language Island. The area was colonized by German settlers in the second half of the 13th century. The coexistence of Czechs and Germans was mostly peaceful, which changed only after 1935, when many Germans tended to Nazism. In 1945, the German population was expelled.
Demographics
Transport
The D1 motorway goes around the town.
Rousínov lies on the railway line from Brno to Vyškov.
Notable people
Menahem Mendel Auerbach (1620–1689), Austrian rabbi, banker, and commentator; lived here
Josef Flesch (1781–1839), writer and translator
Nikolai Brashman (1796–1866), Russian mathematician
František Sušil (1804–1868), priest and folk music collector
Nehemiah Brüll (1843–1892), rabbi
Twin towns – sister cities
Rousínov is twinned with:
Dervio, Italy
Halásztelek, Hungary
Podbranč, Slovakia
References
External links
Website about history of Rousínov Jews
Populated places in Vyškov District
Cities and towns in the Czech Republic
Shtetls
Jewish communities in the Czech Republic
Bernd Weber (born 20 July 1976, Bonn) is a German professor and a clinical neuroscientist at the Center for Economics and Neuroscience CENs in Bonn. Since 2019, he has been serving as the Dean of the Medical Faculty at the University of Bonn.
Biography
Early life and education
In 2003, he graduated as an M.D. (Doctor of Medicine) from the University of Bonn and started his medical residency at the Department of Epileptology at the University Hospital Bonn.
Academic career
Between 2010 and 2015, he held a Heisenberg-professorship for the „Biological basis of human economic decision making“ funded by the German Research Foundation (DFG). From 2017 to 2019 he served as Vice Dean for Medical Education and, in 2019, he was elected as Dean of the Medical Faculty of the University of Bonn. Since, he has also been a Member of the Board at the University Medical Center Bonn.
References
External links
German neurologists
Living people
1976 births
Reneil St Aubin "Ricky" Sappleton (born 8 December 1989) is a Jamaican footballer who plays for Cheshunt.
Youth career
Sappleton came through the youth academy of his local club, Queens Park Rangers (QPR), where he had a successful youth career.
Career
Before joining Leicester City, Sappleton had a trial with Liverpool, and also joined Middlesbrough on a two-week trial. He made his senior debut in a 2–1 home defeat to Southampton on 1 December.
On 12 August 2008, Sappleton joined AFC Bournemouth on loan for a month, scoring on his debut in a 1–1 draw against Aldershot Town on 16 August. He secured a second loan move that season, joining Oxford United for a month on New Year's Eve. He again scored on his debut and made an assist in a 2–0 home win over Salisbury City on 1 January 2009. In March 2009 Sappleton joined Conference North club AFC Telford until the end of the season but did not secure a deal with the Midlands club.
On 28 August 2009, Sappleton again moved on loan, this time joining Macclesfield Town on loan until January 2010. Sappleton scored six goals while on loan under the guidance of Keith Alexander.
On 29 January 2010, Sappleton joined Macclesfield on a free transfer signing an 18-month contract, having been released by mutual consent by Leicester the same day. In March 2010, Sappleton injured his knee requiring surgery that ruled him out for the rest of the 2009–10 League Two seasons at Macclesfield Town. In December 2010, Sappleton recovered from knee surgery and commenced regular squad training, he made only a few league appearances in the 2010–11 season. On 26 February 2011, Sappleton was sent off for a bad tackle which led to a mass brawl involving twenty-one of the twenty-two players on the pitch against Wycombe Wanderers having only been on for a matter of minutes. Sappleton was released at the end of the season.
He made his debut for Bishop's Stortford in the 4–1 win against Guiseley. On 3 August 2013, Sappleton joined Billericay Town as they sought to rebuild their squad for an attempt of promotion back to the Conference South.
He then joined Isthmian League Premier Division club Kingstonian in June 2015. Manager Tommy Williams said: "I'm delighted to have signed Ricky, he is a powerful forward that scores goals. Ricky has good quality and I'm really looking forward to working with him".
In 2016 Sappleton joined Isthmian League club VCD Athletic, before moving on to Billericay Town later that season. He returned to former club Kingstonian in the 2017 off-season, but joined Heybridge Swifts in October 2017. He went on to make 19 appearances for Heybridge, scoring two goals, before being released on 19 January 2018. Manager Jody Brown said, "He's a top guy, but never really got going and found the travelling for training and midweek games difficult." Sappleton played for Cheshunt and Haringey Borough in the 2018–19 season, before re-joining Cheshunt for 2019–20.
International
Sappleton was included in the Jamaica squad during the CONCACAF U-20 Final Round in 2009, mainly due to a strong performance in two friendlies versus Canada U20s in Fort Lauderdale. Sappleton performed well during the 2009 CONCACAF U20 Final round in Tobago, although Jamaica did not reach the semi-finals.
References
External links
(Macclesfield Town stats not included)
(Macclesfield Town stats only)
1989 births
Living people
Jamaican footballers
Jamaica youth international footballers
Association football forwards
Queens Park Rangers F.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
AFC Bournemouth players
Oxford United F.C. players
AFC Telford United players
Macclesfield Town F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Bishop's Stortford F.C. players
Billericay Town F.C. players
VCD Athletic F.C. players
Kingstonian F.C. players
Heybridge Swifts F.C. players
Cheshunt F.C. players
Haringey Borough F.C. players
Isthmian League players
The Trevelyon Miscellany of 1608, compiled by Thomas Trevelyon in London, England in 1608, is an illustrated manuscript miscellany containing handwritten notes and drawings (many hand-colored) on historical, religious, social and practical themes, adapted from a variety of sources, including the Bible and ancient and contemporary English writers. According to Dr. Heather Wolfe, Curator of Manuscripts and Archivist at the Folger Shakespeare Library, "the primary purposes of the Trevelyon miscellany ... are didactic and mnemonic. The extracts and examples from secular, allegorical, and Protestant texts are an enduring monument for improving one's moral conduct in this life and preparing for the next."
The Trevelyon Miscellany of 1608, also known as Folger Shakespeare Library MS V.b.232, was given to the Folger Shakespeare Library by Lessing J. Rosenwald in 1945.
Trevelyon later compiled another manuscript miscellany with some of the same illustrations, now owned by the library at Wormsley Park. An earlier manuscript miscellany (circa 1603) at University College London was identified in 2012 as also being the work of Trevelyon.
Contents
The Trevelyon Miscellany of 1608 contains five parts
Part 1. (Leaves 3-36) Historical and practical information, with a timeline, calendar, proverbs, computational tables, astronomical diagrams, a genealogy of the families of William the Conqueror, and geographical data
Part 2. (Leaves 37-126r) Biblical chronology and genealogy; lists of British kings and queens
Part 3. (Leaves 126v-213) Biblical and secular verses, parables, and lists, with illustrations
Part 4. (Leaves 215-307, 310v, 311v, 312v) Chiefly illustrated patterns for embroidery, needlework, woodwork, and other applied arts
Part 5. (Leaves 308-327) A list of sheriffs and mayors of London from 1190-1601
Many of the hand-drawn illustrations by Trevelyon were based on published woodcuts and engravings.
According to the Folgerpedia website, "The Miscellany is probably best known today for its embroidery patterns, which make up nearly one hundred pages of the volume."
Exhibitions
The Trevelyon Miscellany of 1608 has been featured in several Folger Shakespeare Library exhibitions, including:
Word & Image: The Trevelyon Miscellany of 1608, January 23 - May 22, 2004
Noyses, Sounds, and Sweet Aires, 2006
Time, the Greatest Innovator, 1986-1987
Letterwriting in Renaissance England, 2004-2005
Elizabeth I, 2003
Fooles and Fricassees, 1999
References
External links
Online version of the Trevelyon Miscellany of 1608, available from the digital collections of the Folger Shakespeare Library
17th-century illuminated manuscripts
17th-century manuscripts
English manuscripts
Folger Shakespeare Library
Phelsuma parva is a species of gecko endemic to southeastern Madagascar.
References
Phelsuma
Endemic fauna of Madagascar
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 1983
Bond County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. As of the 2020 census, the population was 16,725. Its county seat is Greenville.
Bond County is included in the St. Louis, MO-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Bond County was formed in 1817 out of Madison County. It was named for Shadrach Bond, who was then the delegate from the Illinois Territory to the United States Congress, and who thereupon became the first governor of Illinois, serving from 1818 to 1822.
The county's primary city, Greenville, had a post office from 1819 and was incorporated as a town in 1855 and as a city in 1872. A few possible reasons have been put forth for the naming of the town. Some think the town was named after Greenville, North Carolina, which had been named after Revolutionary War general Nathanael Greene. Others say that Greenville was named by early settler Thomas White because it was "so green and nice." A third possibility is that Greenville was named after Green P. Rice, the town's first merchant.
In 1824, a vote taken on slavery in Bond County had received 240 votes against and 63 votes for slavery. While Illinois was not a slave state, it was adjacent to slave states, Missouri and Kentucky, and did allow the continued use of "indentured servants," a process many slaveowners used to keep their slaves even in a free state.
In Bond County, at one point 14 slaves were registered to eight owners. One slave, Silas Register, took his last name from the act of being registered at the county clerk's office. Register was the last known Bond County slave to survive; he died in 1872 at the age of 76. A few of the slaves are buried in the county with the families they were indentured to. One former slave, Fanny, was free after her owners moved out of the state and worked in the town so that she could buy her husband, Stephen, at auction in Missouri.
During the 1840s, Bond County played host to a few people conducting slaves to freedom on the Underground Railroad. Teacher T.A. Jones lived in Reno and in 2008, a letter in which he told of his Underground Railroad activities was discovered in a staircase in Sparta. Slaves were often spirited from Missouri, sometimes through Carlyle to Bond County. Rev. John Leeper was able to disguise his Underground Railroad activities due to his milling business. Dr. Henry Perrine practiced medicine near Greenville and helped with the secret railroad activities. Rev. George Denny's house was found in the 1930s to conceal a secret chamber that had been used in the Railroad.
Greenville University was founded as Almira College in 1855. In 1941, college president H.J. Long "declared the founding of Almira and Greenville ran parallel, for both were founded on prayer."
When Abraham Lincoln and Stephen Douglas gave speeches in Greenville in 1858 during a campaign for the United States Senate, Douglas said: "Ladies and gentlemen it gives me great and supreme gratification and pleasure to see this vast concourse of people assembled to hear me upon this my first visit to Old Bond." The Illinois State Register reported of the occasion: "I've seen many gatherings in Old Bond county but I never saw anything equal to this and I never expect to."
Women in Bond County could vote for the first time in 1914.On November 21, 1915, the Liberty Bell passed through Greenville on its nationwide tour returning to Pennsylvania from the Panama-Pacific International Exposition in San Francisco. After that trip, the Liberty Bell returned to Pennsylvania and will not be moved again.
The Greenville Public Library was established as a Carnegie library and is on the National Register of Historic Places. Hogue Hall at Greenville College, demolished in 2008, also formerly appeared on the National Register.
On April 18, 1934, during the Great Depression, a group of 500 protesters marched to the Illinois Emergency Relief Commission to lodge complaints about the delivery of emergency supplies from the state and federal governments.
Ronald Reagan visited Greenville on the campaign trail in the 1980s and gave a speech on the courthouse lawn. Barack Obama, the junior Senator from Illinois elected as President in November 2008, also visited Greenville while campaigning for his Senate seat in 2004, in a visit hosted by the Bond County Democrats.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Montgomery County – north
Fayette County – east
Clinton County – south
Madison County – west
Major highways
Interstate 70
U.S. Route 40
Illinois Route 127
Illinois Route 140
Illinois Route 143
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Greenville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1905 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Demographics
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 16,725 people, 6,359 households, and 4,033 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 6,858 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 86.4% white, 6.4% black or African American, 0.3% American Indian, 0.6% Asian, 2.2% from other races, and 4.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.6% of the population. The most commonly reported ancestries were German (28.9%), Irish (13.4%), English (9.3%), and American (9.2%).
Of the 6,359 households, 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were married couples living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 36.6% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.87.
19.1% of the population was under 18 years of age, 9.2% was between 18 and 24, 37.7% was between 15 and 44, and 18.8% was over 65. The median age was 42.5 years. For every 100 females there were 111.0 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $53,568 and the median income for a family was $69,917. Males had a median income of $41,231 versus $26,408 for females. The per capita income for the county was $27,274. About 6.6% of families and 13.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.0% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.
In terms of education, 33.2% of the population had attained a high school or equivalent degree, 13.2% had a bachelor's degree, and 8.5% had a graduate or professional degree.
Education
Bond County Community Unit School District 2
Carlyle Community Unit School District 1
Highland Community Unit School District 5
Hillsboro Community Unit School District 3
Mulberry Grove Community Unit School District 1
Vandalia Community Unit School District 203
Greenville University
Communities
City
Greenville
Villages
Donnellson
Keyesport
Mulberry Grove
Old Ripley
Panama
Pierron
Pocahontas
Smithboro
Sorento
Townships
Bond County is divided into these nine townships:
Burgess
Central
Lagrange
Mills
Mulberry Grove
Old Ripley
Pleasant Mound
Shoal Creek
Tamalco
Unincorporated Communities
Ayers
Beaver Creek
Bunje
Dudleyville
Durley
Gilmore
Hamburg
Hookdale
Keyesport Landing
Paisley Corners
Pleasant Mound
Reno
Stubblefield
Tamalco
Woburn
Politics
Bond is a strongly Republican county. Only two Democrats have gained an absolute majority of the county's vote since at least 1880 – Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and Lyndon Johnson in 1964. Bill Clinton was the last Democrat to win the county, in 1996, though local Senator Barack Obama came within 100-plus votes in 2008.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bond County, Illinois
References
External links
County Website
United States Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
United States Board on Geographic Names (GNIS)
United States National Atlas
Illinois counties
1817 establishments in Illinois Territory
Populated places established in 1817
Populated places on the Underground Railroad
Pre-statehood history of Illinois
Jose Encarnacion Zepeda (born May 24, 1989) is an American professional boxer of Mexican descent who challenged for the WBO lightweight title in 2015 and the WBC light welterweight title in 2019. As of August 2020, he is ranked as the world's fifth best active light welterweight by BoxRec, seventh by The Ring and ninth by the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board.
Professional career
Jose began his professional career in 2009.
In December 2010 Jose began working with famed boxing trainer Robert Alcazar former trainer for World Champion Oscar De La Hoya.
In July 2013 he fought former title contender Ricardo Dominguez and won by TKO in the 3rd round.
On 11 July, 2015, Zepeda fought Terry Flanagan in Manchester, England, for the vacant WBO lightweight title. The fight started off entertaining, however, Zepeda was unfortunate enough to injure his shoulder while throwing a punch in the second round, The fight was stopped at the end of the round due to the injury awarding Flanagan the victory.
In February 2019, he unsuccessfully challenged WBC Super lightweight champion Jose Ramirez for his title, losing a Majority decision in a very competitive fight.
In his bout against Jose Pedraza, Zepeda started off fast and built up an early lead on the scorecards. Pedraza would show some signs of a comeback, starting in the fifth round. In the end, Zepeda was too much for his opponent, and was awarded a clear unanimous decision victory.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
Jose Zepeda - Profile, News Archive & Current Rankings at Box.Live
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Long Beach, California
Boxers from California
American male boxers
American boxers of Mexican descent
Lightweight boxers
Light-welterweight boxers
Pandigai () is a 2017 Indian Tamil-language action thriller film written and directed by debutant Feroz and produced by his wife Vijayalakshmi Ahathian. The film stars Krishna and Anandhi, while Saravanan, Pandi, Karunas, Madhusudhan Rao, and Arjai play supporting roles. The music was composed by R. H. Vikram with cinematography by Aravind. The film released on 14 July 2017.
Plot
Velu is a waiter at a holiday resort in Chennai. He just wants to make enough money to pay for his working permit to work abroad. However, he has had a traumatic childhood. After the death of his parents, his uncle and aunt sent him to boarding school, where he is initially bullied. In order to survive in the new, harsh environment, he learns to fight to protect himself. As a young adult, he moves to the city to start a new life. As poor, single, and young men, Velu and his roommate, Tirupathi, face many hardships in the city. They eventually meet Muni, an agent for an underground fight club. After seeing Velu win a fight at a bar, Muni introduces him to the ruthless owner of the fight club, Natwar Dada. Velu slowly rises up the ranks and becomes one of the city's best underground fighters. Velu then meets a girl named Kavya and plans to stop fighting in order to be with her, but first, he needs to make enough money to escape his current life. Velu also needs money to get his house back. Together, they hatch a plan to rig Velu's next fight with Victor, the city's top underground fighter. However, things do not quite turn out as planned.
Cast
Krishna as Velu
Anandhi as Kavya
Saravanan as Muni
Pandi as Tirupathi
Karunas as Rattinam Kumar / Elango
Madhusudhan Rao as Natwar Dada
Arjai as Victor
Nithin Sathya as Mundhiri Settu
Aruldoss as Feeling Suresh
Shanmugarajan as Police Officer
Senthi Kumari as Muni's wife
Lokesh as Pandi
Aathma Patrick
Production
The makers of the film initially narrated the script to Vikram Prabhu, but his unavailability meant that Krishna was signed on to play the lead role, with Nithin Sathya and Karunas selected to essay supporting roles. Pandigai began shoot in early June 2015, with Anandhi added to the cast to play the heroine. Nithin Sathya essays the role of Mundhiri Settu. Release of this movie is postponed from 7 July 2017 to a week later 14 July 2017.
Soundtrack
Release
The satellite rights of the film were sold to Vasanth TV. Baradwaj Rangan of Film Companion wrote "Midway, Pandigai changes genre. It becomes a heist movie. Instead of settling down with the (oft-told) story of a fighter, why not give us the (oft-shown) mechanics of a heist? Double the genre and halve the clichés."
References
External links
2010s Tamil-language films
Indian boxing films
2017 films
Indian action thriller films
2017 directorial debut films
2017 action thriller films
The National Advisory Group on Immunization (NAGI), in South Africa, established in 1993 advises the National Department of Health on issues pertinent to vaccination and infectious diseases. It makes recommendations on vaccine formulations and vaccination schedules.
References
Medical and health organisations based in South Africa
Forever Came Calling is an American pop punk band from Twentynine Palms, California.
History
The band formed in the year 2006 as a Senses Fail and Taking Back Sunday cover band. After multiple line up changes, John Swaba joined as bassist. They then recorded and released their EP, HopE P.assion. They were featured on the documentary, No Room For Rockstars which helped them gain fame. They released their first split EP with Handguns, in 2011 with Bryce on Drums. In 2012 they released their first full-length album, Contender and soon after got a new guitarist, Isaac Taylor.They released second split EP with Family Thief, in 2013.
In October 2014 they released their second full-length album, What Matters Most. In the summer of 2015 they collaborated with Ronald Records to put out their first EP and some songs recorded prior to that release on cassette. The release, "Songs From High School." was exclusive to their Rather Be Dead Than Cool tour, but they sold extra merchandise from the tour in August. Third/touring guitarist Tom "the mop" Lovejoy joined the group after the departure of Isaac Taylor in 2015.
In January 2018 the band announced their new EP "Retro Future", as well as a tour with In Her Own Words kicking off in Lafayette, LA at the 2018 Wilhelm Records Music Festival and signing with Penultimate Records in Australia.
Members
Present
Joe Candelaria - vocals, guitar (2006–Present)
John Swaba - bass (2008–Present)
Bryce Esquivel - drums (2011–Present)
Past
Mark Amorossi - drums (2006)
Jimmy Dale - drums (2006-2007)
Cody Conners - guitar (2006-2007)
Chris Conklin - bass (2006-2008)
Jeffrey Tedtaotao - drums (2007-?)
Ron Grieger - guitar (2011-2012)
Carl Lakey - guitar (2011-?)
Isaac Taylor - guitar, backing vocals (2012-2015)
Thomas Lovejoy - guitar, backing vocals (2015–2018)
Timeline
Discography
Albums
Contender (Pure Noise Records, 2012) - U.S. Heatseekers #29
What Matters Most... (Pure Noise Records, 2014) - U.S #179, U.S. Heatseekers #6
EPs
This Is Me Dreaming (February 24, 2006)
HopE P.assion (February 10, 2010)
Retro Future (2018) (self-released, US, Penultimate Records AUS) - #5 Billboard, U.S. Heatseekers #11
Split EPs
Handguns/Forever Came Calling (November 8, 2011)
Family Thief/Forever Came Calling (November 19, 2013)
Compilations
Songs from High School (2015)
References
Musical groups from California
Pure Noise Records artists
Twentynine Palms, California
Gunter rig is a configuration of sail and spars used in sailing. It is a fore and aft sail set abaft (behind) the mast. The lower half of the luff (front) of the sail is attached to the mast, and the upper half is fastened to a spar which is approximately vertical and reaches above the top of the mast. This spar is called a "yard", but it is common for some to confuse it with a "gaff" (as in gaff rig). The overall shape of a gunter sail is roughly triangular, so having a superficial resemblance to Bermuda rig.
A gunter sail may also be called a "gunter lug" - a name which suggests developmental origins from increasing the angle of a high peaked standing lug. Gunter sails are sometimes described as "sliding gunter".
Gunter rig is generally used in small sailing craft. One important advantage is that the shorter mast used with this rig usually fits within the hull when unstepped, together with the boom and yard. This is helpful for a dinghy that is towed behind a car, stored in a garage, or used as a tender for a larger boat. The performance to windward comes close to that of Bermuda rig. Gunter rig can be found in a few working craft, but the majority of uses are in pleasure craft.
There are many variations of gunter rig: the most fundamental of which include whether the sail is hoisted with one or two halyards, and the ease with which reefs can be taken in.
General characteristics
Gunter rig exists in several forms. In all of them, the un-reefed sail is extended above the top of the mast by the yard, giving a sail shape that is close to three sided. When the boat is not in use, this allows the mast and yard to be stored within the hull of the majority of gunter-rigged boats. Afloat, the centre of gravity of the masts and spars is lowered as the sail is reefed, unlike Bermuda rig. This is helpful to sea-worthiness in rougher conditions.
The earliest form was the sliding gunter. The yard is connected to the mast by two "gunter irons". The top iron is attached to the yard just below where the single halyard turns over the sheave at the mast-head; the lower iron is at the lower end of the yard. This arrangement keeps the yard parallel to the mast and able to slide up and down as the sail is hoisted, lowered or reefed. The benefit of this is that the yard is under better control as sail is lowered (thereby avoiding a hazard to the crew). The disadvantage is that lowering sail is a two stage process, as the yard has to be disconnected from the top gunter iron to get all the sail off the boat. There is also a risk of the gunter irons jamming. Some of these problems are resolved if the sail is boomless or loose-footed and can be taken in with brails.
A two halyard system does away with the gunter irons. The peak halyard goes to a wire span on the yard and holds the yard close to the mast. A throat halyard moves the yard up and down the mast. The lower end of the yard is usually attached to the mast with jaws and a parrel. This allows the rig to be put together with more readily available components. In use, the sail can be lowered completely quite quickly. Reefing is carried out by lowering away solely on the throat halyard. Unlike gaff rig, this two halyard system is easier for a single-hander, as only one halyard is used at a time.
A simpler and more minimalist arrangement is to have a single halyard that is tied to the yard at a mid-point.This attachment point has to be varied if the sail is reefed, so reefing can only be done by completely lowering the sail, moving position of the halyard and re-hoisting once the reef points are tied.
See also
Gaff rig
Sail plan
Notes
References
External links
Description of rigs, with pictures
Drascombe Lugger sliding gunter rig
Sailing rigs and rigging
Talk with the Spirits is an album by pianist/composer Mike Longo recorded in 1976 and released by the Pablo label.
Reception
AllMusic reviewer Scott Yanow stated "Longo gathered together an impressive sextet ... The music, five of Longo's originals, is less memorable than the solos, but this remains a fine effort that ranges from lightly funky to straight-ahead".
Track listing
All compositions by Mike Longo
"Wyyowa" – 7:50
"Roma" – 6:20
"The Proclamation" – 7:10
"Angel of Love" – 9:18
"Talk with the Spirits" – 13:19
Personnel
Virgil Jones – trumpet
Harold Vick – tenor saxophone
George Davis – guitar
Mike Longo – piano
Bob Cranshaw – bass
Mickey Roker – drums
Dizzy Gillespie – conga drums, vocals
References
1976 albums
Mike Longo albums
Pablo Records albums
NGC 2800, also known as PGC 26302, is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Ursa Major. It was discovered February 17, 1831 by William Herschel.
References
External links
Discoveries by William Herschel
Astronomical objects discovered in 1831
2800
26302
Ursa Major (constellation)
Elliptical galaxies
Margaret Bicknell (1695?–1723) was a Scottish theatre actress and dancer.
Early life and education
She was sister of Elizabeth Younger, an actress, who survived her some years.
Younger informed Mrs. Saunders, a well-known actress who had for some years quitted the stage, that her father and mother, James and Margaret Younger, were born in Scotland.
Career
Bicknell's first known appearance was at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, located in London, England, on 20 August 1702.
On 7 November 1706 we hear of Mrs. Bicknell playing, at the Haymarket Theatre, "Edging, a Chambermaid," in The Careless Husband of Cibber, her associates including Wilks, Cibber, Mrs. Oldfield, and Mrs. Barry.
Subsequent years saw her appear as Miss Prue in Congreve's "Love for Love," Miss Hoyden in the "Relapse" of Vanbrugh, Melantha in "Marriage à la Mode," and other characters of which sauciness and coquetry are the chief features.
Her name appears to a petition signed by Barton Booth and other actors of Drury Lane Theatre, presented apparently about 1710 to Queen Anne, complaming of the restrictions upon the performances of the petitioners imposed by the lord chamberlain. In 1713 she appeared in John Gay's comedy The Wife of Bath and two years later in The What D'Ye Call It.
She remained at Druiy Lane from 1708 to 1721, on 14 February of which year she 'created' the character of Lady Wrangle in Cibber's comedy, the "Refusal."
Her last recorded appearance was on 2 April 1723.
The 'Daily Journal' of 25 May following announces her death from consumption.
Personal life
Her sister Elizabeth Younger was also a stage actress and dancer.
Notes
References
1690s births
1723 deaths
18th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Tuberculosis deaths in England
Actresses from London
Actresses from Edinburgh
Scottish stage actresses
Scottish female dancers
18th-century British dancers
18th-century Scottish actresses
Tanzhou is a town situated at the southern extremity of the prefecture-level city of Zhongshan, Guangdong province. The population of Tanzhou is of residents. The total area of the town is . Tanzhou is within northwest of the border with Macau and borders Zhuhai to the south and east; it is thus much closer to central Zhuhai than central Zhongshan.
See also
Shatian dialect
External links
Tanzhou Government Website
Zhongshan
Township-level divisions of Guangdong
The 1989–90 Minnesota North Stars season was the North Stars' 23rd season.
Coached by Pierre Page, the team compiled a record of 36–40–4 for 76 points to finish the regular season 4th in the Norris Division. The North Stars were nearly unbeatable at the Met Center, winning 26, the best in the Norris Division and third-best home record overall. In the playoffs, they lost the division semi-finals 4–3 to the Chicago Blackhawks.
Offseason
NHL Draft
Regular season
Final standings
Schedule and results
Player statistics
Forwards
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Defencemen
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltending
Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L= Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average
Playoffs
Awards and records
References
North Stars on Hockey Database
Minn
Minn
Minnesota North Stars seasons
Minnesota North Stars
Minnesota North Stars
On June 4, 1816, after being defeated for re-election, Enos T. Throop (DR) of resigned his seat. A special election was held in September of that year to fill the vacancy left for the remainder of the 14th Congress
Election results
Avery assumed his seat December 3
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
References
New York 1816 20
1816 20
New York 1816 20
New York 20
United States House of Representatives 20
United States House of Representatives 1816 20
The 1951 Army Cadets football team represented the United States Military Academy in the 1951 college football season. Led by head coach Earl Blaik, the team finished with a record of 2–7. The Cadets offense scored 116 points, while the defense allowed 183 points.
Offseason
In the offseason, Blaik was still agitated by the loss Army suffered to Navy in 1950. In addition, he was upset over the dismissal of General Douglas MacArthur. Sam Galiffa, who was part of the 1949 team, was now a decorated aide to General Matthew Ridgway. Galiffa arranged for members of the Army coaching staff to come to Japan and visit the troops. Vince Lombardi and Doug Kenna first visited Tokyo and conducted several football clinics for the troops stationed there. Although defensive coordinator Murray Warmath helped the discharged players relocate to other schools, it was his last year at Army. He left at the end of the season to become the head coach for Mississippi State.
Honor code violation
A massive honor code academic violation was revealed in the spring of 1951. There were accusations that football players were distributing unauthorized academic information. This was reported to Colonel Paul Harkins on April 2. It was later revealed that Red Blaik's son, Bob, was part of the honor code violation. On August 3, the violations were announced and several athletes were implicated in the scandal.
Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. spoke to assistant coach Doug Kenna and he helped pay the way for several discharged players to attend the University of Notre Dame. Bob Blaik left Army for Colorado College. Of the players that were discharged, three went on to careers in the National Football League: Al Pollard, Gene Filipski and Ray Malavasi. Malavasi also become head coach of the Los Angeles Rams.
The event was dramatized in the 2005 ESPN film Code Breakers.
Regular season
The makeshift team that was assembled had no involvement in the honor violation, but they were still a reminder of it. After losing several games to Ivy League schools, Army defeated Columbia for its first win. The team received a congratulatory note from General Douglas MacArthur.
In sixth week of the season, the Cadets played Frank Gifford and his USC Trojans squad at Yankee Stadium. Before the Army–Navy Game, the Cadets had a record of 2–6. This was Blaik's only losing season at Army. In the Army–Navy game, Navy scored two touchdowns before Army even ran an offensive series.
Schedule
Personnel
See also
William & Mary scandal of 1951: a transcript-altering controversy at the College of William & Mary involving the school's football and men's basketball programs
References
Army
Army Black Knights football seasons
Cheating in school
College football controversies
Army Cadets football
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1971–72 season.
Overview
Al-Ahli won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
football
Bernard Ross Car (1923 – 30 November 2021), known as Barney Carr, was an Irish Gaelic football player and manager. At club level he played with St Peter's, Warrenpoint and was also a member of the Down senior football team whom he managed to All-Ireland Championships in 1960 and 1961. He died in Warrenpoint on 30 November 2021, at the age of 98.
Playing career
Carr first came to Gaelic football prominence as a member of the St Peter's, Warrenpoint team. He made his senior debut at the age of 17 and won three County Championship titles before his retirement in 1957. Carr first appeared on the inter-county scene as a member of the Down minor football team in 1941, before being drafted onto the Down senior football team two years later. Carr spent ten seasons with the team, during which time he won a Dr McKenna Cup title in 1944.
Administrative and managerial career
Carr began his administrative career as a member of the Down East Divisional Board. He served as the Down representative to the Ulster Council from 1955 before beginning a long-standing association with the Down County Board in 1958. Carr began a four-year tenure as manager of the Down senior team in 1959. During that time the team enjoyed unprecedented success, including four Ulster Championships in five seasons and back-to-back All-Ireland Championships.
Honours
Player
St Peter's, Warrenpoint
Down Senior Football Championship: 1943, 1948, 1953
Down
Dr McKenna Cup: 1944
Manager
Down
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship: 1960, 1961
Ulster Senior Football Championship: 1959, 1960, 1961, 1963
National Football League: 1959–60, 1961–62
References
1923 births
2021 deaths
Down inter-county Gaelic footballers
Gaelic football managers
Saving Capitalism is a 2017 documentary film directed by Jacob Kornbluth and Sari Gilman, following former Secretary of Labor and Professor Robert Reich, speaking about the current state of the American economic system, and presents ideas how to "save capitalism".
The film was released by Netflix on November 11, 2017.
Premise
The documentary is based on the book 'Saving Capitalism: For the Many, Not the Few' by Robert Reich. It follows the evolution of capitalism in America, from its beginnings to its current state.
Cast
Robert Reich
References
External links
2017 documentary films
2017 films
Netflix original documentary films
Works about capitalism
2010s English-language films
Alan Belcher (born April 24, 1984) is an American bare-knuckle boxer and former mixed martial artist. A professional from 2004 until 2015, he is perhaps best known for his 15-fight tenure with the UFC.
Background
Belcher was born in Jonesboro, Arkansas and began practicing karate when he was eight years old. Belcher later attended Sloan-Hendrix High School in Imboden, Arkansas where he competed in baseball and basketball before continuing his baseball career in junior college. After starting Brazilian jiu-jitsu at the age of 14, Belcher began his amateur mixed martial arts career at the age of 15.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Belcher made his professional debut in July 2004 against Tim Ellis in Freestyle Fighting Championship and won by TKO. His MMA career then picked up significantly in early 2006, the year in which Belcher amassed 9 fights, going 8–1.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
In 2006 he lost a unanimous decision at the hands of Yushin Okami at UFC 62 in his UFC debut.
Belcher made his second UFC appearance against Jorge Santiago three months later, winning by stunning head kick KO in the third round of a close fight.
At UFC 69, Belcher lost to The Ultimate Fighter 3 winner Kendall Grove via D'arce choke. Belcher then defeated Sean Salmon one month later at UFC 71 with a guillotine choke 53 seconds into the first round. Belcher took the fight on ten days' notice after Eric Schafer pulled out due to sustaining a broken rib during training. This fight was at 205 pounds.
Belcher then defeated Kalib Starnes at UFC 77 on October 20, 2007. After controlling the fight with punches and knees from the clinch, the fight was eventually stopped in favor of Belcher due to a large gash over Starnes' right eye.
Belcher was scheduled to fight at UFC 81 against Ricardo Almeida, but Belcher had to pull out two days before the fight due to a severe case of bronchitis.
Belcher was scheduled to fight Patrick Cote at UFC 83 in Montreal, but Cote withdrew due to a knee injury. Newcomer Jason Day replaced Cote. Belcher eventually was caught by a punch causing Day to swarm punches at Belcher against the fence. The fight was ruled a TKO in favor of Day in the first round.
After a split decision victory over Ed Herman, Belcher fought Pride FC veteran Denis Kang at UFC 93. Kang won the first round after taking down and controlling Belcher on the ground. However, Kang began to fight more and more conservatively, and when he tried to take Belcher down again late in the second round, Belcher caught him in a tight guillotine choke that made Kang almost immediately tap out, winning him a $45,000 Submission of the Night bonus.
Belcher lost a split decision to Yoshihiro Akiyama, at UFC 100 on July 11, 2009. The fight earned Fight of the Night honors, rewarding both fighters with a record setting $100,000.
Belcher defeated Wilson Gouveia via first round TKO on December 12, 2009 at UFC 107. During the fight, Belcher displayed a good chin and precise punches. The fight was awarded Fight of the Night which rewarded both fighters with $65,000. The award meant Belcher had received three bonuses in a row in 2009.
Belcher defeated Patrick Côté on May 8, 2010, at UFC 113 by way of rear naked choke after a controversial face plant that rocked Cote and enabled Belcher to sneak around to the back and sink in the choke. Belcher received an extra $65,000 for winning the Submission of the Night award which was his fourth consecutive fight night bonus.
Belcher was expected to face Demian Maia on September 15, 2010, at UFC Fight Night: Maia vs. Belcher in his first main event. However, on August 1, 2010, Belcher withdrew from the fight with Maia after undergoing emergency eye surgery. Alan stated on his Twitter account that he started to lose the vision in his right eye whilst in Brazil.
Belcher's manager, Malki Kawa, in April updated his recovery, saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September. The UFC hadn't yet announced many plans for September, although there will be a UFC Fight Night event in New Orleans on September 17, where Belcher would be a natural fit.
Belcher faced Jason MacDonald on September 17, 2011 at UFC Fight Night 25. Belcher stuffed a takedown from MacDonald and ended up on top early in the first round. Belcher quickly postured up and began landing punches and elbows to open Jason's guard. He then passed and continued to punish MacDonald and won the fight via verbal submission due to strikes in the first round.
Belcher next faced Rousimar Palhares on May 5, 2012 at UFC on Fox 3. Despite getting the fight to the ground, Palhares was unable to complete his attempted leg locks and heel hook submissions, and Belcher even attempted a few submissions of his own. Belcher would go on to defeat Palhares via TKO in the first round.
Belcher was expected to face Vitor Belfort on October 13, 2012 at UFC 153. However, Belfort was pulled from the bout to face Jon Jones on September 22, 2012 at UFC 152. Belcher called the collapse of the UFC 151 a "blessing in disguise" as he would have been unable to compete due to a fractured spine, keeping him out of action until November. He wanted to face Chris Weidman in his return fight.
A rematch with Yushin Okami took place on December 29, 2012 at UFC 155. Belcher lost the bout by unanimous decision.
Belcher faced Michael Bisping on April 27, 2013 at UFC 159. Bisping controlled the majority of the fight due to his conditioning and cardio pushing a constant pace. The bout was stopped at 4:29 of round 3 as Bisping inadvertently poked Belcher in the eye, rendering Belcher unable to continue. Bisping won the bout via technical unanimous decision. Belcher got eight stitches in his eyelid after the fight.
On November 11, 2015, Belcher announced his retirement from mixed martial arts.
Bare-knuckle boxing
On May 20, 2021 – over five years removed from his retirement – it was announced that Belcher had signed a multi-fight contract with Bare Knuckle Fighting Championship.
Belcher made his debut against Tony Lopez on August 20, 2021 at BKFC 20. He won the fight by unanimous decision.
Personal life
Belcher has 2 children, Ava & Eli. He currently runs an American Top Team MMA Gym located in D'Iberville, Mississippi.
Championships and accomplishments
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Fight of the Night (Two times) vs. Wilson Gouveia, Yoshihiro Akiyama
Submission of the Night (Two times) vs. Denis Kang, Patrick Cote
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–8
| Michael Bisping
| Technical Decision (unanimous)
| UFC 159
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 4:29
| Newark, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–7
| Yushin Okami
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC 155
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 18–6
| Rousimar Palhares
| TKO (punches and elbows)
| UFC on Fox: Diaz vs. Miller
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:18
| East Rutherford, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 17–6
| Jason MacDonald
| TKO (submission to punches)
| UFC Fight Night: Shields vs. Ellenberger
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:48
| New Orleans, Louisiana, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 16–6
| Patrick Côté
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| UFC 113
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:25
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 15–6
| Wilson Gouveia
| TKO (punches)
| UFC 107
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:03
| Memphis, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 14–6
| Yoshihiro Akiyama
| Decision (split)
| UFC 100
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 14–5
| Denis Kang
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| UFC 93
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:36
| Dublin, Ireland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13–5
| Ed Herman
| Decision (split)
| UFC Fight Night: Diaz vs. Neer
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Omaha, Nebraska, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 12–5
| Jason Day
| TKO (punches)
| UFC 83
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:58
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–4
| Kalib Starnes
| TKO (doctor stoppage)
| UFC 77
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:39
| Cincinnati, Ohio, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–4
| Sean Salmon
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| UFC 71
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:53
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 10–4
| Kendall Grove
| Submission (D'arce choke)
| UFC 69
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:42
| Houston, Texas, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–3
| Jorge Santiago
| KO (head kick)
| UFC Fight Night: Sanchez vs. Riggs
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 2:45
| San Diego, California, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 9–3
| Yushin Okami
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC 62
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|Middleweight debut.
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9–2
| Evert Fyeet
| Submission (toe hold)
| WEF: Orleans Arena
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:04
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–2
| Buck Meredith
| Decision (unanimous)
| Raze MMA: Fight Night
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| San Diego, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–2
| Marcus Sursa
| TKO (punches)
| World Extreme Fighting 17
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:48
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–2
| Ron Fields
| TKO (slam)
| Titan FC 1
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:37
| Kansas City, Kansas, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–2
| David Frank
| TKO (submission to punches)
| XFL: EK 19: Battle at the Brady 3
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:37
| Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–2
| Roger Kimes
| KO (punches)
| XFL: EK 19: Battle at the Brady 3
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:35
| Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–2
| Travis Fowler
| TKO (punches)
| XFL: EK 19: Battle at the Brady 3
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:01
| Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 2–2
| Marvin Eastman
| Decision (unanimous)
| World Extreme Fighting 16
|
| align=center| 5
| align=center| 5:00
| Enid, Oklahoma, United States
|Light Heavyweight debut.
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 2–1
| Edwin Aguilar
| TKO (punches)
| WXF: X-Impact World Championships
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:01
| Korea
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Sergei Trovnikov
| Submission (armbar)
| WXF: X-Impact World Championships
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:37
| Korea
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Tim Ellis
| TKO (punches)
| Freestyle Fighting Championships 10
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:49
| Tunica, Mississippi, United States
|
Bare knuckle boxing record
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–0
|Frank Tate
|KO (punch)
|BKFC Fight Night: Jackson 2
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:21
|Jackson, Mississippi, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
|Bobo O'Bannon
|KO (punch)
|BKFC Fight Night: Jackson
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:48
|Jackson, Mississippi, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Tony Lopez
|Decision (unanimous)
|BKFC 20
|
|align=center|5
|align=center|2:00
|Biloxi, Mississippi, United States
|
Grappling Record
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
Official UFC Profile
Living people
1984 births
People from Jonesboro, Arkansas
Sportspeople from Biloxi, Mississippi
American male mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists from Mississippi
Middleweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing taekwondo
Mixed martial artists utilizing judo
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Bare-knuckle boxers
American practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
American male taekwondo practitioners
American male judoka
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
The 2016–17 FIBA Europe Cup play-offs begin on 8 February and conclude on 19 and 26 April 2017 with the 2017 FIBA Europe Cup Finals, to decide the champions of the 2016–17 FIBA Europe Cup. A total of 16 teams competed in the play-offs.
Times up to 25 March 2017 (round of 16) are CET (UTC+1), thereafter (quarter-finals and beyond) times are CEST (UTC+2).
Format
The play-offs involves 16 teams which qualified as winners of each one of the six groups in the second round, the two best runners-up and eight teams from the Basketball Champions League group stage.
Each tie in the knockout phase, is played over two legs, with each team playing one leg at home.
The draw was made without any restriction or seeding, being decided all the bracket by the luck of the draw in the round of 16.
Qualified teams
Second round group winners and runners-up
The six group winners from the second round advanced to the play-offs, along with the two best second placed teams.
Transfers from Champions League regular season
Eight teams from the 2016–17 Basketball Champions League Regular season transfer to the FIBA Europe Cup. These include the worst fifth-placed team, all sixth-placed teams and the two best seventh-placed teams.
Bracket
Round of 16
The first legs will be played on 8 February, and the second legs will be played on 22 February 2017. Team 1 plays the second leg at home.
|}
First leg
Second leg
Quarter-finals
The first legs will be played on 8 March, and the second legs will be played on 15 March 2017.
|}
First leg
Second leg
Semi-finals
The first legs will be played on 29 March, and the second legs will be played on 5 April 2017.
|}
First leg
Second leg
Final
The first leg of the Final was played on 18 April and the second leg was played on 25 April 2017.
|}
First leg
Second leg
References
External links
2016–17 FIBA Europe Cup
Fort Ritner is an unincorporated community in Guthrie Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
History
Fort Ritner was platted in 1857. It was named for Michael Ritner, a railroad employee who oversaw construction on the nearby tunnel.
Geography
Fort Ritner is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
1857 establishments in Indiana
Rumworth Lodge Reservoir is a large shallow reservoir in Bolton, Greater Manchester, England.
It is located to the west of Bolton's A58 (Beaumont Road) and to the South-East of Lostock railway station. The water from the reservoir is not used for drinking water but provides compensation water so that the Middlebrook, which downstream becomes the River Croal, never runs dry. It is a magnet for birds, particularly on spring and autumn passage when many rare species have been recorded. Fields between the wood and the lodge are also the site of rare autumn crocus.
Fishing
The 33 acre reservoir is used for fishing and an annual fishing permit and the appropriate Environment Agency licences are required. The reservoir is stocked with bream, carp, roach and perch.
Ornithology
Rumworth Lodge Reservoir is of great ornithological interest. The Reservoir's reedbeds have both reed and sedge warbler in summer and once played host to the county's first ever marsh warbler. Many other species of bird have been recorded at the site. These include
Arctic skua
Avocet
Brent goose
Little egret
Great grey shrike
Great northern diver
Marsh warbler
Pectoral sandpiper
Purple sandpiper
Temminck's stint
Red-necked grebe
Ring-necked duck
Richard's pipit
References
Drinking water reservoirs in England
Reservoirs in Greater Manchester
The Nongoma Local Municipality council consists of forty-two members elected by mixed-member proportional representation. Twenty-one councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in twenty-one wards, while the remaining twenty-one are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received.
In the election of 3 August 2016 the Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) won a majority of twenty-two seats on the council. The party lost its majority in the election of 1 November 2021, obtaining a plurality of twenty-one seats.
Results
The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections.
December 2000 election
The following table shows the results of the 2000 election.
March 2006 election
The following table shows the results of the 2006 election.
May 2011 election
The following table shows the results of the 2011 election.
August 2016 election
The following table shows the results of the 2016 election.
November 2021 election
The following table shows the results of the 2021 election.
References
Nongoma
Elections in KwaZulu-Natal
Aboyeur (1910–circa 1917) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1912 to 1913 he ran seven times and won two races. In June 1913 Aboyeur won The Derby at record odds of 100/1. He was awarded the race on the disqualification of Craganour after a rough and controversial race. At the end of the season he was sold and exported to Russia where he disappeared during the Revolution.
Background
Aboyeur was a fine-looking bay horse bred in Ireland by Thomas Kennedy Laidlaw. His sire Desmond was a good racehorse who won the Coventry Stakes and the July Stakes in 1898 and went on to become a successful stallion, earning the title of Champion sire in 1913. Aboyeur's dam, a mare called Pawky, was unraced.
As a foal, Aboyeur was sold by his breeder to J. Daly, who sold him a year later for £2,200 as part of a group of three yearlings to Alan Cunliffe, the leader of a group of heavy gamblers known as the Druid's Lodge confederacy. The name came from the Druid's Lodge stable near Salisbury, Wiltshire, where their horses, including Aboyeur, were trained in conditions of secrecy by Tom Lewis. The name "Aboyeur" derives from a French word meaning "barker" or "heckler"; it can also refer to a person in a kitchen who shouts out orders. The member of the gambling confederacy who provided most of the financing was Wilfred Bagwell Purefoy.
Racing career
1912: two-year-old season
Aboyeur ran three times as a two-year-old in 1912. He showed some promise when winning the Champagne Stakes at Salisbury but finished unplaced in his other two races including the Free Handicap at Newmarket in October in which he finished behind the future 1000 Guineas winner Jest
1913: three-year-old season
Before Epsom
On his three-year-old debut, Aboyeur finished unplaced in a race at Kempton at Easter on his only start before the Derby. The best colt of the season appeared to be Charles Bower Ismay's Craganour, who had been champion two-year-old in 1912. In a controversial race for the 2000 Guineas he had been awarded second place behind Louvois by the racecourse judge (there were no photo-finish cameras in use), despite many observers believing that he had crossed the line in front.
1913 Derby: the race
At Epsom on 4 June, Aboyeur, running in blinkers, was an unconsidered outsider, starting at odds of 100/1 while Craganour was made 6/4 favourite in a field of fifteen. The weather was fine and the record crowd, estimated at up to 500,000 included the King and Queen. Aboyeur was saddled separately, well away from the other horses, and did not take part in any parade before the start. Accounts of the race are often highly coloured and partisan: what follows are an attempt to summarise the evidence.
Aboyeur, ridden by Edwin Piper, took an early lead which he maintained into the straight, where he ran about three horse-widths away from the inside rail to his left. Several challengers emerged: Craganour challenged the leader on his immediate outside (right), with Nimbus and Great Sport further out, while Shogun, Louvois and Day Comet moved up on the inside. The initial interference occurred when Craganour, ridden by Johnny Reiff, hung left, bumping Aboyeur who in turn veered towards the rail, badly hampering Shogun, Louvois and Day Comet. Piper, then struck his horse with his whip in his left hand, causing Aboyeur to hang sharply back to the centre of the track, colliding with Craganour and attempting to bite him. Throughout the final furlong Reiff, with his whip in his right hand, and Piper, with his whip in his left, continued to drive their horses into each other, leading to repeated bumps as the other horses drew nearer. Craganour crossed the line first in a blanket finish, just ahead of Aboyeur, Day Comet, Louvois, Great Sport and Nimbus, with Shogun, Sun Yat and Bachelor's Wedding finishing just behind.
1913 Derby: Emily Davison
The most famous incident in the race did not involve Aboyeur. After the leaders had passed Tattenham Corner, Emily Davison, a prominent campaigner for women's suffrage walked out onto the track and was struck by the King's horse Anmer, who was among the back-markers. Davison suffered fatal injuries as a result.
1913 Derby: the objection
After a brief pause, the Judge, Mr Robinson announced the result as Craganour first, Aboyeur second, Louvois third, having apparently missed Day Comet on the inside who had been obscured by other runners. The result would not have been official however until the Stewards (senior racecourse officials) announced that everything was “All Right”. After a delay, the announcement was made and then immediately withdrawn. It was then announced that an official objection had been lodged against the winner, not by a rival jockey, as was customary, but by the Stewards themselves. After a lengthy inquiry in which the Judge and the jockeys were interviewed, the Stewards disqualified Craganour on the grounds that he had failed to keep a straight course and had thereby “jostled”, “bumped and bored” and “interfered” with other runners. The race was awarded to Aboyeur, with Louvois second and Great Sport third.
After the Derby
Legal challenges to the outcome of the race were made in Chancery Court, but proved unsuccessful., while bookmakers complained that the confusion after the race led to them paying out on both "winners". Aboyeur failed to reproduce his Derby form in his two remaining starts. On 23 July he finished third to Aghdoe and Night Hawk in the St George Stakes at Liverpool and was beaten again in the Gordon Stakes at Goodwood shortly afterwards.
At the end of August he was sold for 13,000 guineas to the Imperial Russian Racing Club of St Petersburg and exported to stand as a stallion in Russia at the end of the season.
Assessment
In their book A Century of Champions, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Aboyeur a “poor” Derby winner. More specifically, they rated him equal with Spion Kop as one of the two worst colts to have won the race in the 20th Century.
Stud career
Aboyeur had little opportunity of making a mark at stud. After two seasons in Russia he disappeared during the upheavals of the Russian Revolution and Civil War. Reports that he had been "rescued from the Bolsheviks" and taken to Constantinople proved unfounded and later rumours that he had been evacuated to Serbia disguised as a cart horse were never substantiated. His final fate is unknown.
Pedigree
References
External links
Newsreel footage of 1912 & 1913 Derbies from British Pathé
1910 racehorse births
1917 racehorse deaths
Epsom Derby winners
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Thoroughbred family 1-b
Wilfred Williams (born September 27, 1958) is a retired American basketball player who played one year at Brevard Community College and three years at Clemson University, before being drafted by the Houston Rockets in the 1980 NBA draft. However, he did not play in the NBA.
References
Profile —TheDraftReview.com
1958 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
AS Monaco Basket players
Basketball players from New York City
Clemson Tigers men's basketball players
Houston Rockets draft picks
Junior college men's basketball players in the United States
Montpellier Paillade Basket players
Needham B. Broughton High School alumni
Olympique Antibes basketball players
Paris Racing Basket players
Shooting guards
SLUC Nancy Basket players
Gergeri () is the seat of Rouvas municipal unit in Heraklion regional unit in the Greek island of Crete. The population was 1,440 in 2011. Gergeri's location is at a region called "Pano Riza" of Psiloreiti's, and in that region there are also the villages Panasos, Nivritos, Zaros, Vorizia and Kamares. Nowadays, everyone in Gergeri and in Pano Riza is proud for the surplus of companies in Gergeri, and for the football club Rouvas F.C., which now is playing on Football League 2. Near Gergeri also is the Rouva's Forest, which is very famous and very beautiful.
During the Greek War of Independence the Commissioner of Crete, Emmanouil Tombazis, gathered 3,000 Cretans in Gergeri to face a force of 12,000 Turkish-Egyptian soldiers at Ayia Varvara. On August 20, 1823 and despite a valiant defence against the much larger and better organised force, the Cretans had to retreat after losing 300 men in the battle at the village of Amouryelles.
References
Populated places in Heraklion (regional unit)
Terra Nova Bay is a bay which is often ice free, about long, lying between Cape Washington and the Drygalski Ice Tongue along the coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition (known as the Discovery Expedition) under Robert Falcon Scott, 1901–1904, and named by him after Terra Nova, one of the relief ships for the expedition. The Italian permanent Zucchelli Station is located in the bay, as is the Jang Bogo Station of South Korea. Relief Inlet can be found in the south west corner of the Bay.
Antarctic Specially Protected Area
A marine area of 29.4 km2 of the bay comprising a narrow strip of coastal waters about 9.4 km long, to the immediate south of Zucchelli Station, and extending to a maximum of 7 km from the shore, has been designated an Antarctic Specially Protected Area (ASPA 161). It is an important site for long-term research on the marine ecology of benthic communities. As well as rich and complex sponge and anthozoan communities, the site supports a colony of Adélie penguins at Adélie Cove.
References
Bays of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Cumbernauld North is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. It elects four Councillors and covers the northern parts of Cumbernauld lying north-west of the M80 motorway (Balloch/Eastfield, Blackwood, Carrickstone, Craigmarloch, Smithstone, Westerwood and Westfield) plus the separate older villages of Castlecary and Dullatur. Created in 2007, its boundaries remained unchanged in a 2017 review. In 2019, the population was 17,927.
Councillors
Election Results
2017 Election
2012 Election
2007 Election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Cumbernauld
The United States Classic Racing Association (USCRA) is an organization that organizes and promotes vintage motorcycle racing events, primarily road racing. The USCRA typically runs four racing events per year of one to three days each. Most road racing events are held at the New Hampshire Motor Speedway in Loudon, New Hampshire. Since 2014 a race has been held in September at the New Jersey Motorsports Park in Millville, NJ.
There also two Motogiro events, Moto Giro East in the spring and Motogiro USA in the fall.
Another annual event is the Pewter Run, a road ride for antique motorcycles manufactured between 1900 and 1950.
External links
USCRA
MotoGiro
Motorcycle racing organizations
Motorcycle racing in the United States
The Arriflex 35BL is a 35mm motion picture camera released by ARRI in 1972.
Function
The Arriflex 35BL was the first silent 35mm camera (BL stands for blimped). It uses a fixed butterfly reflex shutter, which gave the cinematographer an exact representation of the recorded frame. It recorded up to 100 frames per second, which was revolutionary in documenting sporting events. It uses a dual registration pin system. It also has an odometer-styled analogue footage counter. The camera uses both and magazines.
History
The development of the 35BL began in 1966, since there was no handholdable, silent, reflex 35 mm camera at that time. The release of this camera, together with the Panaflex Lightweight released in 1975, changed the filmmaking process profoundly and made big camera setups like the Mitchell BNCR obsolete.
The Arriflex 35BL was released just in time to document the 1972 Summer Olympics, in Arri's hometown Munich. This led to a huge boost in popularity of this camera. It was also one of Arri's longest running product lines, being produced from 1972 till 1990, when the Arriflex 535 took over.
Models
Arriflex 35BL I
released in 1972
up to 100 fps
Arri bayonet lens mount
external blimps for certain lenses, like the Zeiss Super Speed Primes
Arriflex 35BL II
released in 1975, alongside the Arriflex 16SR
only up to 50 fps, new motor with higher torque, overall more silent
Arriflex 35BL III
released in 1980
uses the new acoustic isolated PL Mount, which made lens blimps obsolete
new 180° half moon shutter replaced the bowtie shutter, Shutter can be manually adjusted
similar eyepiece to the one used in the Arri 35 III is installed
Arriflex 35BL 4
released in 1986
new viewfinder system, brighter image in the eyepiece, Arriglow is introduced, which illuminates the frame lines, to make framing of dark scenes easier.
only up to 40 fps, but sound level reduction to 22 dBA.
Arriflex 35BL 4S
released in 1988
new film movement block, even quieter operating noise
discontinued in 1990 with the release of the Arriflex 535
References
External links
https://tfma.temple.edu/sites/tfma/files/site-pdfs/35BLManual_ADA.pdf (Manual)
https://shotonwhat.com/cameras/arriflex-35-bl-camera (list of movies shot on the 35 BL)
Movie cameras
Naksansa or Naksan Temple is a Korean Buddhist temple complex in the Jogye order of Korean Buddhism that stands on the slopes of Naksan Mountain (also called "Obongsan Mountain"). It is located about midway between Sokcho and Yangyang, Gangwon Province, eastern region of South Korea. Naksansa is one of the few temples in Korea to overlook the Sea of Japan.
Naksan is an abbreviated term of Botarakgasan () in Korean that refers to Mount Potalaka, the place where the Avalokitesvara Bodhisattva is believed to live. Thus, Naksan Mountain is also known as Korea's Mount Potalaka. The Bodhisattva is said to live on a sea-bound island along with guardian dragons. Naksansa is regarded as one of the great eight scenic areas in the Eastern region of Korea, known as "Gwandong Palgyeong" (관동팔경).
History
Naksansa was founded in 671, by the Buddhist monk, Uisang Daesa (Grand Master Uisang), an ambassador of the 30th King Munmu of the Silla Period (BC 57-AD 935) after he had returned from studying abroad during the Chinese Tang Dynasty, who, while meditating near the cave in which the Avalokitesvara Bodhisattva (Gwaneumbosal) was believed to have lived, was told by the Bodhisattva to build the temple there.
Today, the octagonal Uisangdae Pavilion sits on the spot where Uisang once meditated, the current pavilion having been built in 1925.
Treasures
Mount Naksan is crowned by the Buddhist statue of Haesugwaneumsang (해수관음입상, Bodhisattva of Mercy), known as the goddess Gwanseum-Bosal, facing southeast standing high on a high pedestal. The white granite statue stands in a clearing at the top of the hill, eyes and fingers closed in peaceful meditation as it gazes out to sea. The massive statue is the work of Busan sculptor Gwon Jeong-hwan (권정환) and was dedicated in 1977. 700 tons of granite and six months were required to complete the sculpture. It is the largest Buddhist statue of its kind in the Orient.
Hongreanam was built by Uisang as a Hermitage above a stone cave. In the sanctuary floor there is a 10-centimeter (4 in) opening through which you can see the sea below.
Naksansa's seven storied stone pagoda, Naksansa Chilcheung Seoktap (Seven storied stone pagoda in Naksansa Temple) built in 1467, the 13th year of the reign of King Sejo, is Treasure No.499. During a repair, it is said that a Buddhist rosary and a magic bead were sealed inside the pagoda. The seven storied stone pagoda is an example of the Goryeo style pagoda having a single square foundation. The square foundation on this pagoda is carved with 24 lotus petals. Of special note is a stone prop in each story, which is larger and thicker than its body stone. The pagoda is formed with thin eaves, a straight slope, and upward edges. On the finial, around the long thin, bronze rod are ornaments similar to those in Lama pagoda of Yuan Dynasty (1279-1368) in China. Mostly it follows the rather simple style of the Goryeo pagodas though.
Temple gallery
2005 fire and reconstruction
Most of Naksansa was destroyed by a fire that started in the surrounding forest on April 5, 2005. The Naksansa bronze bell, a national treasure dated 15th century, was also melted and destroyed in the fire. The museum displays a violin and cello built from wood found on the temple grounds that survived the fire. A replicate of the bell was constructed and installed back to the temple.
The temple was earlier destroyed by fire during the Mongolian invasion of the 13th century. During the Joseon Dynasty (1392-1910) the temple was repeatedly reconstructed and expanded by royal order in 1467, 1469, 1631 and 1643. The pre-2005 fire facilities were constructed in 1953 after the buildings were again destroyed during the 1950-53 Korean War.
Present reconstruction is well under way as can be seen in the gallery below. The new construction projects are expected to be completed and the temple fully restored by 2010.
Reconstruction Gallery
See also
Korean Buddhist temples
Religion in South Korea
References
External links and references
Naksansa official site, in Korean
Naksansa Temple stay, in Korean
Naksansa-The Temple of Compassion
Naksansa burns - a flash presentation
Cultural Properties Administration
LeBass, Tom. "Insight Guides - South Korea"
15th-century Buddhist temples
Buildings and structures completed in 1926
Religious organizations established in the 7th century
Buddhist temples of the Jogye Order
Buddhist temples in South Korea
Buildings and structures in Gangwon Province, South Korea
Yangyang County
Tourist attractions in Gangwon Province, South Korea
Nerkin Gezaldara or Nizhnyaya Gezaldara may refer to:
Geghadir, Aragatsotn, Armenia
Vardenik, Armenia
Abellio East Midlands Limited, trading as East Midlands Railway (EMR), is a train operating company in England, owned by Abellio, and is the current operator of the East Midlands franchise.
History
In March 2017, the Department for Transport announced that Arriva, a joint venture between FirstGroup and Trenitalia, and incumbent Stagecoach had been shortlisted to bid for the next East Midlands franchise. Abellio was added in February 2018.
FirstGroup and Trenitalia pulled out of the bidding process in April 2018 to focus on the West Coast Partnership franchise. In April 2019 the franchise was awarded to Abellio, with East Midlands Railway (EMR) to take over the franchise from East Midlands Trains (EMT) on 18 August 2019 for a period of eight years.
In June 2019, Abellio revealed branding and colour scheme using distinct purple and white colours to reflect the heritage of the East Midlands. It also confirmed it would divide the services into three segments:
EMR Intercity for long-distance services from London St Pancras
EMR Regional for services across the East Midlands
EMR Electrics for the outer suburban London St Pancras to Corby service
In April 2021 it was announced that EMR Electrics would be rebranded as EMR Connect.
Franchise suspension and termination agreement
With the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic leading to a collapse in revenues in March 2020, the franchise was suspended and replaced by an Emergency Measure Agreement for six months under which the Department for Transport assumed responsibility for all revenues and costs and EMR was paid a management fee. This was superseded by an Emergency Recovery Measures Agreement (ERMA) under which the original franchise agreement was terminated. The franchise will operate until March 2022.
In 2021, the DfT issued an updated prior information notice, which confirmed that the ERMA period would be extended until 16 October 2022.
After this the company would be given the direct award of a four-year extension to its franchise, with the option to extend for up to four further years.
Strike
EMR was one of several train operators impacted by the 2022 United Kingdom railway strike, which was the first national rail strike in the UK for three decades. Its workers were amongst those who participated in industrial action due to a dispute over pay and working conditions.
Services
EMR operates commuter services from London St Pancras to Corby, as well as intercity services from London St Pancras along the Midland Main Line to Nottingham and Sheffield with limited extensions to Lincoln and York. EMR also operate the local East Midlands services and inter regional services to Liverpool and Norwich (Express service). Services from Nottingham to Liverpool Lime Street were to transfer to another operator during the life of the franchise, although following a review by the DfT, this will no longer take place; the service instead being split at Nottingham as intended but remaining with EMR. The Barton line was expected to transfer from Northern in 2019 but this was delayed until May 2021.
On 19 June 2021, the EMR Regional services were cut to enable the timetable to run effectively. Although EMR said that 85% of services were still running, there was still an impact to local commuter services.
Contactless payment cards can be used between London St Pancras International and Luton Airport Parkway.
Over the course of the franchise, several planned timetable changes are to be made:
earlier and later trains between Sheffield and Nottingham to
earlier and later trains between Sheffield and London St Pancras and more regular evening service to London St Pancras
two trains per hour between Nottingham and Kettering
two trains per hour between Corby and London St Pancras
regular Sunday service between Corby and London St Pancras
Liverpool to Norwich split at Nottingham
Norwich to Nottingham extended to
regular hourly Sunday service between Norwich and Derby
to Derby service extended to Nottingham and hourly service on Sundays
hourly Sunday service between and Nottingham
hourly service between Nottingham and with limited extension to
hourly Sunday service between and Grimsby Town
hourly service between Nottingham and
hourly Sunday service between and Nottingham and later evening services on weekdays
additional peak services between Nottingham and
earlier and later trains between Nottingham and
later evening service on weekdays and a new Sunday service
hourly through service between and via Lincoln
new Sunday service between Doncaster and Lincoln
enhanced Sunday service on Barton to Cleethorpes route
two trains per day between Lincoln and London St Pancras
to Grimsby Town service cut back to Lincoln except to for the limited extension to Cleethorpes and timed to run with LNER's London Kings Cross – Lincoln service
As of May 2022, East Midlands Railway's off-peak services Monday-Friday include:
Rolling stock
East Midlands Railway inherited a fleet of 28 Class 43s, 21 Class 153s, 15 Class 156s, 26 Class 158s, and 27 Class 222s from East Midlands Trains. In January 2020 nine additional Class 156 units from Greater Anglia were introduced into service. Nine 8-carriage InterCity 125 sets were also transferred from London North Eastern Railway, with the first set having entered service on 4 May 2020. They were replaced in May 2021. To replace the ex-Grand Central “buffered” HST sets, EMR commenced a lease of the 4 former Hull Trains Class 180 fleet despite their history of technical difficulties, with the first units entering service on 13 December 2020. On 16 May 2021, East Midlands Railway launched EMR Connect services between Corby and London St Pancras, which has enabled the final HSTs to be withdrawn. The Connect service is operated by ex-Greater Anglia s.
By 2023 East Midlands Railway plans to run EMR Regional services using 40 s, and plans to run EMR Intercity services using 33 new bi-mode Class 810s.
Current fleet
Future fleet
To replace the Class 180 and Class 222 units, 33 5-carriage Class 810 bi-mode trains will be introduced in 2023. In May 2020, EMR opened a competition to give the class their own unique brand name. In October 2020, EMR announced that the fleet will have the 'Aurora' brand.
Other existing stock to be added consist of 39 Class 170s; 23 from West Midlands Trains, 12 from Transport for Wales and 4 from Southern. This altogether will enable the , , and sets to be withdrawn, although some of the gaps were to be filled in when the Liverpool-Nottingham service was taken over by another operator. This will now not take place, with a proposal made to transfer 15 units from TransPennine Express to prevent the shortfall in stock caused by EMR retaining this service, with another solution being to retain the Class 158s. It was expected that 12 units would transfer from Southern. However, due to no replacement units being sourced, this will not take place, with the Transport for Wales Class 170s replacing the planned transfer of Class 171s from Southern. In May 2022 however, it was announced that 4 Class 171s would transfer from Southern, with expected entry into service being in the autumn of 2022. These units will be converted to Class 170s, reformed into 3-carriage sets and work alongside the rest of the fleet.
Past fleet
The last of the InterCity 125 sets East Midlands Railway inherited from East Midlands Trains were withdrawn in December 2020, having been replaced by five ex LNER InterCity 125 sets which were more compliant with new regulations and four Class 180s. Originally nine former LNER sets were to replace a similar number of sets inherited from East Midlands Trains. However, after the carriages were found to require more repairs than originally envisaged, this was cut back to five sets.
In December 2021, the final Class 153s were withdrawn, as they were not PRM (Persons with Reduced Mobility) compliant, with Class 156s replacing them on the Barton line from 13 December. These units were placed into storage at Long Marston and Ely Papworth Sidings in December 2021.
Depots
EMR operates two depots: Derby Etches Park and Nottingham Eastcroft. The s are maintained at Bedford Cauldwell Walk depot by Siemens Mobility.
Controversy
East Midlands Railway was investigated by the Advertising Standards Authority, who in September 2021 found that they had breached marketing codes. The firm had launched a competition in February 2021 asking participants for ideas to "Build Back Better" with the chance of winning £5,000. However, the competition was closed and the prize not awarded. East Midlands Railway stated that this was due to financial concerns regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and due to the low quality of entries received.
References
External links
Nederlandse Spoorwegen
Railway companies established in 2019
Train operating companies in the United Kingdom
2019 establishments in England
British companies established in 2019
Persecution and discrimination against Dalits has been observed in the countries such as Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, Nepal, the UK, and the US.
Bangladesh
Most of the Dalits in the rural areas of Bangladesh are landless and live in houses built with straw and mud under a threat of eviction. Dalit women are more affected as they suffer from multiple forms of discrimination.
India
Two separate approaches to improving the condition of the people known now as the Dalits came during the fight for Indian independence from the British. The first was led by Mahatma Gandhi who believed that the status of Dalits should be increased while maintaining elements of the traditional caste system. B. R. Ambedkar, a Dalit politician and a lawyer claimed that "untouchability" can only be destroyed by destroying the caste system.
New developments took place after India achieved independence when the policy of caste-based reservation of jobs was formalized with lists of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes. Since 1950, the country has enacted many laws and social initiatives to protect and improve the socio-economic conditions of its Dalit population.
According to data collected by India's National Crime Records Bureau for the year 2000, 25,455 crimes against Dalits were committed in the year 2000, the latest year for which the data is only available, 2 Dalits are assaulted every hour, 3 Dalit women are raped every day, 2 Dalits are murdered, and 2 Dalit homes are set on fire every day. These figures, however, do not reflect the true extent of crimes against Dalits. Since the caste system, which is based on Hindu religious teachings, is often supported by the police, village councils, and public officials; many crimes go unreported because of fear of retaliation, police harassment, and no trust in the police department. Amnesty International documented a high number of sexual assaults against Dalit women, which were often committed by landlords, upper-caste villagers, and policemen, according to a study published in 2001.
Nepal
Dalits in Nepal continue to face prejudice when entering sacred places, gathering water, social gatherings and are barred from marrying higher castes. Dalit activists say they were promised better rights during the Nepalese Civil War, but these promises are yet to be fulfilled.
Pakistan
A Dawn's report in 2016 noted that the Dalits in Sindh, Pakistan continue to face atrocities. While the Dalit men are subjected to everyday violence, the more heinous attacks on women belonging to scheduled castes.
Dalits in Pakistan have been subjected to forced conversions to Islam.
United Kingdom
A number of Indians in the United Kingdom adhere to the caste system and still seek marriage with individuals who are of similar caste categories. There have been several incidents involving abuse of low caste Dalits, by higher caste individuals in schools and workplaces.
In 2018, the UK government refused to enact a law on caste discrimination among Indians. The Dalit community reacted with displeasure.
United States
A survey on caste discrimination conducted by Equality Labs, a Dalit rights organisation, found 67% of Indian Dalits living in the US reporting that they faced caste-based harassment at the workplace, and 27% reporting physical assault based on their caste. The survey also documents personal anecdotes about discrimination and isolation at schools, workplaces, temples and within communities. The Carnegie Enowment researchers pointed out that the study used a non-representative snowball sampling method to identify participants, which might have skewed the results in favour of those with strong views about caste.
In 2021, the student body of California State University system, representing half a million students, passed a resolution seeking a ban on caste-based discrimination. The campaign was spearheaded by Prem Pariyar, a Nepali origin Dalit student, who came to the US in 2015 escaping persecution in his home country, and claimed that he faced discrimination in the US as well. For the affected students, casteism is manifested through slurs, microaggressions and social exclusion.
The resolution cited the survey by Equality Labs where 25 percent of Dalits reported having faced verbal or physical assaults. Al Jazeera noted that the resolution was authored by a higher caste student and backed by other students from other racial and religious groups.
References
Caste system in India
Caste system in Nepal
Dejon George Franklin Noel-Williams (born 22 September 1998) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Isthmian League club Potters Bar Town. Born in England, he represents the Grenada national team.
Professional career
A youth product of Watford and Oxford United, Noel-Williams spent his early career on various loans to lower league sides. He had stints on loan at Aylesbury United, North Leigh, Chesham United, Slough Town, Gloucester City, and Hayes & Yeading. On 7 June 2019, left Oxford United and signed a contract with Wealdstone. He transferred to Billericay Town on 3 January 2020. He moved to Spain on 27 November 2020, where he signed with Guadalajara. In August 2021, Noel-Williams returned to English football, signing for National League South club Hemel Hempstead Town. He only played two games for the Tudors, before he was on the move again, transferring to National League North side Gloucester City in October 2021, having previously had a loan spell for the club in 2019.
On 4 February 2022, Noel-Williams joined Braintree Town.
On 18 July 2022, following a short spell with Braintree, Noel-Williams made the switch to Potters Bar Town ahead of the 2022–23 campaign.
International career
Born in England, Noel-Williams is of Grenadian descent. He was called up to represent the Grenada national football team for matches in June 2021. He debuted for Grenada in a 1–0 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification loss to Antigua and Barbuda on 4 June 2021.
Personal life
Noel-Williams is the son of the football manager and former footballer Gifton Noel-Williams.
Career statistics
References
External links
North Leigh Profile
GSA Profile
1998 births
Living people
Footballers from Greater London
Grenadian footballers
Grenada international footballers
English footballers
English sportspeople of Grenadian descent
Association football forwards
National League (English football) players
Southern Football League players
Tercera División players
Oxford United F.C. players
Aylesbury United F.C. players
North Leigh F.C. players
Slough Town F.C. players
Chesham United F.C. players
Gloucester City A.F.C. players
Wealdstone F.C. players
Hayes & Yeading United F.C. players
Billericay Town F.C. players
CD Guadalajara (Spain) footballers
Hemel Hempstead Town F.C. players
Braintree Town F.C. players
Potters Bar Town F.C. players
Grenadian expatriate footballers
English expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
English expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Grenadian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
2021 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
English people of Grenadian descent
Black British sportspeople
Welsh rock band Stereophonics have released twelve studio albums, one live album, one compilation album, four extended plays (EP), two box sets, forty-seven singles and thirty-nine music videos. In the UK, Stereophonics have been awarded six multi-platinum album certifications, one platinum and five gold; one of their singles has been awarded a multi-platinum certification, three platinum, one gold and nine silver. They have sold over 9,000,000 albums in the UK, 5,400,000 singles and 100,000 video albums, making them one of the most successful Welsh rock acts. With albums charting across the globe they have sold over 10 million copies worldwide. The band released their first studio album, Word Gets Around in 1997 which reached number six in the UK Albums Chart. With the release of "The Bartender and the Thief" and its album Performance and Cocktails (1999), the band achieved mainstream success within the UK. The album was certified 6× platinum and is one of the band's best-selling albums.
In 2001 the group released their best-selling album Just Enough Education to Perform (2001) which was certified 6× platinum in the UK, having sold over 1,800,000 copies, and 2× platinum in Europe. It contains one of the band's signature songs "Have a Nice Day" which charted at number five in the UK. In 2003 the band released "Maybe Tomorrow", the second single from You Gotta Go There to Come Back (2003). It became one of Stereophonics' best charting singles in the UK, peaking at number three. "Dakota" was released in 2005 and brought Stereophonics their only UK number one single; its parent album Language. Sex. Violence. Other? (2005) became the band's fourth consecutive number-one album that same year. The single would also lend its name to their first live album a year later, Live from Dakota (2006). Pull the Pin (2007) also topped the UK charts to give them their fifth consecutive number one album, despite receiving mixed to negative reviews.
The greatest hits compilation was issued in late 2008, which was certified 5× platinum in the UK with over 1,500,000 copies sold. Keep Calm and Carry On (2009) was released one year later which became a commercial disappointment. After the Keep Calm and Carry On Tour concluded in 2010 the band took a break from releasing an album every two years, this resulted in their next studio album to be released in 2013. Graffiti on the Train (2013) brought back critical favor but failed to repeat the commercial success of their first few albums. It was also the first of two volumes, the second of which, Keep the Village Alive (2015), brought Stereophonics their first number-one album in eight years and their sixth overall.
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Box sets
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Other charted songs
Video albums
Music videos
As lead artist
References
Notes
Footnotes
Bibliography
Stereophonics
Discographies of British artists
Rock music group discographies
Robert Patterson Kennedy (January 23, 1840 – May 6, 1918) was a U.S. representative from Ohio, as well as an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Biography
Born in Bellefontaine, Ohio, Kennedy attended the public schools and Geneva College in Northwood, Ohio. He was studying at Yale University when the American Civil War broke out.
Military career
He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the 23rd Ohio Infantry on June 11, 1861. He served as a captain and assistant adjutant general dating from October 7, 1862, and was promoted to major and assistant adjutant general on November 16, 1864. He resigned April 8, 1865. Kennedy was commissioned as colonel of the 196th Ohio Infantry, on April 14, 1865. He was brevetted as lieutenant colonel of volunteers and brigadier general of volunteers, both dating from March 13, 1865.
Political career
Upon the end of the war and his resignation from the volunteer army, Kennedy returned to Bellefontaine. He studied law with judge William H. West. He was admitted to the bar in 1866 and commenced practice in Bellefontaine. He was appointed by President Rutherford B. Hayes as collector of internal revenue for the fourth district of Ohio, serving from 1878 to 1883. He was the lieutenant governor of Ohio from 1885–87. Kennedy was elected from Ohio's 8th District as a Republican to the Fiftieth and Fifty-first Congresses (March 4, 1887 – March 4, 1891). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1890.He was appointed by President William McKinley in 1899 as a member of the Insular Commission, which was directed to investigate and report upon conditions existing in Cuba and Puerto Rico and served as its president.
Death and legacy
Robert P. Kennedy died in Columbus, Ohio. Kennedy was a member of the Grand Army of the Republic, a Scottish Rite Freemason, and member of the Presbyterian Church. He was married on December 29, 1862 at Bellefontaine to Maria Lewis Gardner of that city. She died in 1893, leaving four children. He married at Wabash, Indiana to Emma (Cowgill) Mendenhall of that city on September 4, 1894. She survived him.
Despite his name and profession, he was not related to the Kennedy political family.
Kennedy was the author of The Historical Review of Logan County, Ohio, published in 1903 by The S. J. Clarke Publishing Co., Chicago.
Further reading
References
External links
Lieutenant Governors of Ohio
1840 births
1918 deaths
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
People from Bellefontaine, Ohio
Geneva College alumni
Yale University alumni
Ohio lawyers
Union Army colonels
American militia generals
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Phtheochroa deima is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the State of Mexico in Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1994
Phtheochroa
The Banks Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge in Wilmington Township, Lawrence County, Pennsylvania, United States. It spans the Neshannock Creek southeast of New Wilmington. Constructed in 1889, the bridge is a Burr arch truss built on stone foundations and supported by steel girders; it is long.
Unlike many Pennsylvania counties, Lawrence County never possessed many covered bridges; perhaps only five such bridges were ever built in the county. Today, only the Banks Covered Bridge and the McConnell's Mill Covered Bridge near Rose Point remain. While the Howe truss used by the McConnell's Mill bridge is very rare, the Burr arch truss used by the Banks bridge is employed by many Pennsylvania bridges. Its interior walls are similar to those featured on many covered bridges in Bucks County.
In 1980, the bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in recognition of its historical significance, along with the McConnell's Mill bridge.
References
Further reading
Allen, Richard Sanders. Covered Bridges of the Middle Atlantic States. Brattleboro: Stephen Greene, 1959, 73-79.
Bridges completed in 1889
Covered bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Covered bridges in Lawrence County, Pennsylvania
Wooden bridges in Pennsylvania
Bridges in Lawrence County, Pennsylvania
Transportation buildings and structures in Lawrence County, Pennsylvania
Tourist attractions in Lawrence County, Pennsylvania
1889 establishments in Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Lawrence County, Pennsylvania
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Girder bridges in the United States
Burr Truss bridges in the United States
FC Monolit Moscow () was a Russian football team from Moscow. It played professionally from 1994 to 1998. Their best result was 21st place in the Russian Second Division zone West in 1998.
Team name history
1993–1994 FC Rossiya Moscow
1995–1999 FC Monolit Moscow
External links
Team history at KLISF
Association football clubs established in 1993
Association football clubs disestablished in 2000
Defunct football clubs in Moscow
1993 establishments in Russia
2000 disestablishments in Russia
Jon Toth (born February 11, 1994) is an American football center for the Washington Commanders of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Kentucky and was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles as an undrafted free agent in . Toth has also been a member of the New York Jets, DC Defenders, Cleveland Browns, and Detroit Lions.
Early life and education
Toth was born on February 11, 1994, in Indianapolis, Indiana. He attended Brebeuf Jesuit Preparatory School there, playing football, basketball, lacrosse, and track and field. He was named to the Indiana Football Coaches Association all-state team as a senior, and was ranked as the number 33 best offensive guard by 247Sports.com.
After graduating from high school, Toth accepted a scholarship offer from University of Kentucky. As a true freshman, he sat out as a redshirt. Toth, in his second year, appeared in twelve games, starting the final eleven, and was named freshman All-SEC by league coaches. In addition to playing guard that year, he also saw time at the center position. He started all twelve games as a sophomore, and was named conference player of the week after the first game of the season. He again started every game as a junior. He finished his college career with 48 straight starts, a school record.
Professional career
Philadelphia Eagles
After going unselected in the 2017 NFL Draft, Toth was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Philadelphia Eagles on December 1, 2017 to the practice squad. He was released from the practice squad on December 26. He was re-signed on a reserve/future contract on January 9, 2018. While he was on a reserve/future contract, the Eagles beat the New England Patriots 41–33 in Super Bowl LII. He was released at the 2018 roster cuts and subsequently signed to the practice squad. He was released from the practice squad on September 25.
New York Jets
Toth was signed by the New York Jets to the practice squad on October 22, 2018. He was signed to a futures contract on December 31. He was released on August 31, 2019.
DC Defenders
Toth joined the DC Defenders of the newly-formed XFL in 2020, starting five games before the league suspended.
Cleveland Browns
Toth was signed by the Cleveland Browns on August 27, 2020, but was released a week later.
Detroit Lions
On December 22, 2020, Toth was signed to the practice squad by the Detroit Lions. He was released on January 11, 2021.
Washington Football Team / Commanders
Toth was signed by the Washington Football Team on August 9, 2021. He was waived on August 24 but re-signed two days later. He was then waived on August 31, re-signed to the practice squad one day later, and released again on August 9. He returned to the team on November 8, being signed to the practice squad. He was elevated to the active roster for their game against the Seattle Seahawks, and reverted back afterwards. He was promoted to the active roster on December 11, 2021.
On August 30, 2022, Toth was waived by the Commanders and signed to the practice squad the next day.
Personal life
Toth has modeled for big-and-tall clothing brands.
References
External links
Washington Commanders bio
Kentucky Wildcats bio
1994 births
Living people
American football centers
American football offensive guards
Kentucky Wildcats football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
New York Jets players
Cleveland Browns players
Detroit Lions players
Washington Football Team players
Washington Commanders players
Male models from Indiana
Yuan Tze-yu () is a Taiwanese politician. She currently serves as the Deputy Secretary-General of the Examination Yuan.
Education
Yuan obtained her bachelor's degree from the Department of Mass Communication of Fu Jen Catholic University and her master's degree from the Department of Advertising of University of Texas at Austin in the United States.
Political career
She served as a specialist at the Government Information Office, deputy director of the Department of Foreign Affairs of the Taiwan Provincial Government and counselor and director of the third division of the Research and Development Committee of the Examination Yuan, before stepping into her current position as Deputy Secretary-General of the Examination Yuan.
See also
Examination Yuan
References
Living people
Political office-holders in the Republic of China on Taiwan
Fu Jen Catholic University alumni
University of Texas at Austin alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Brian Whittingham (1950 – 19 January 2022) was a Scottish writer, editor and lecturer on creative writing.
Early life and career
Brian Whittingham was born in Glasgow, Scotland in 1950. He lived in a council tenement in Drumchapel until the early 1970s.
Before becoming a full-time writer he worked as a steelworker/draftsman in Glasgow shipbuilding yards close to the Titan Crane. He worked on the squad that built the QE2, launched 1967 and attended a gala dinner on board in 2008 to mark the ship's retirement to become a floating hotel in Palm Jumeirah, Dubai.
Personal life and death
He has two children. He enjoyed the Scottish climate and travel. He was an art fan with a preference for Post impressionists work.
Brian died on 19 January 2022.
Works
Poetry
Bunnets 'N' Bowlers (A Clydeside Odyssey) (Luath Press)
Drink The Green Fairy (Luath Press)
Septimus Pitt & The Grumbleoids (Luath Press, illustrated by Mandy Sinclair)
Old Man from Brooklyn and The Charing Cross Carpet (Maricat Press)
Swiss Watches & The Ballroom Dancer (Taranis Books)
Ergonomic Workstations & Spinning Tea Cans (Taranis Books)
Industrial Deafness (Crazy Day Press)
Editorial work
Making Soup in a storm
The Dynamics of Balsa
Bucket of Frogs
West Coast Literary Magazine
Plays
Diamonds in Bedlam
The Devil's dandruff
Boo!
Smugglers and Black Damp
Performance
Ballad of the Big Ships - he read his poetry and told stories of his life in the shipyards.
He recorded Edwin Morgan's poem, "The Loch Ness Monster Song" as a tribute along with other invited poets, to celebrate Edwin's 80th Birthday.
His workshops have consisted of teenagers writing poems in the sand on the Normandy beaches, senior citizens writing their memories whilst sitting in tramcars in Glasgow's Transport Museum, youngsters writing plant poems in Glasgow's Winter Gardens and Hawaiian students writing dialect pieces in Seattle University.
He has worked as Writer in Residence for East Lothian Council. He has enjoyed long term fellowships at Yaddo in Seattle and Robert Louis Stevenson Fellowship at Chevillon Grez in Paris.
References
Sources
Books From Scotland
Scottish Book Trust
External links
Brian Whittingham
Paisley Daily Express article
Scotland Heritage & Culture
Scotland is The Place
BBC Radio-Stark interview
Glasgow Evening Times article
1950 births
2022 deaths
Scottish writers
Scottish poets
Writers from Glasgow
Scottish dramatists and playwrights
Akhal is a small village in Pulwama district, in the Indian union territory of Jammu and Kashmir, about six kilometres south-west of the main town Pulwama. It is approximately 30 kilometres away from summer capital Srinagar by road. Akhal is considered the main producer of good quality apples and is one of the first villages in the area to inherit high-density apple farms. The main source of income is agriculture. Akhal acquires its basic utilities from the nearest villages like Rahmoo, Rajpora and Drabgam.
Demographics
The total population stands at 862. Males: 431, females: 431, Children: 136.
The total number of households is approximately 114 according to the 2011 census.
Education
UPS AKHAL School
ARKAM MEMORIAL PUBLIC SCHOOL
Transport
Road
Akhal is connected by road to other places in Jammu and Kashmir and India by the NH 444.
Rail
The nearest major railway stations to Akhal are Awantipora railway station and Srinagar railway station located at a distance of 20 kilometres and 31 kilometres.
Air
The nearest airport is located in Srinagar International Airport located at a distance of 40 kilometres.
See also
Jammu and Kashmir
Awantipora
Pulwama
References
Villages in Pulwama district
Grand Coulee is a town in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. It is located west of downtown Regina. It is home to an annual event called "The Hoe Down".
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Grand Coulee had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
References
External links
Towns in Saskatchewan
Pense No. 160, Saskatchewan
Division No. 6, Saskatchewan
The Talbot Athletic Ground is a sports stadium located in central Port Talbot, Wales, with a maximum capacity of 3,000. The ground is home to Welsh rugby union team Aberavon RFC, and the Wales women's national team.
History
Originally called the Central Athletic Ground in the 1900s, the venue then owned by the Margam Estate played host to various sports including football, tennis, hockey, running, quoits and on one occasion a horse race. Aberavon RFC was granted exclusive use of the ground in 1913 - although it was sectioned off into allotments to help the war effort the following year. Officially re-opened in December 1921, the renamed Talbot Athletic Ground became a barrage balloon site during the Second World War. In March 1946, the ground attracted its record crowd, 19,000, for a match between Aberavon and a New Zealand Army team, "The Kiwis". The club became absolute owners of the ground in 1952, in a deal negotiated by Alderman Llewellyn Heycock, and various improvements and extensions were built in the 1950s, 1970s and 1980s. Although exclusively a rugby union venue for most of its existence, the Talbot Athletic Ground also hosted some matches played by the final Welsh professional rugby league side of the 20th century, South Wales, in 1996. The stadium has also hosted continental football matches. Afan Lido FC played the home leg of their Uefa Cup 1995/96, Preliminary Round, 1st leg tie against RAF Jelgava at the ground.
External links
World stadia: Talbot Athletic Ground
Notes
Rugby union in Neath Port Talbot
Buildings and structures in Port Talbot
Rugby league stadiums in Wales
Rugby union stadiums in Wales
Tourist attractions in Neath Port Talbot
Stadiums in Wales
Liftware is a brand name for a spoon designed to counteract the tremor associated with medical conditions such as Parkinson's disease or essential tremors. The company which designed the projects, Lift Labs, was founded by Anupam Pathak, a University of Michigan Ph.D. student.
The device works by detecting tremors with an accelerometer then responding to them with an actuator. The product first became available in December 2013.
Lift Labs (which made the Liftware spoon) was acquired by Google in September 2014 for integration into then life sciences division of Google X. Anupam Pathak became the technical lead for the division.
Google launched its version of the spoon in November 2014, priced at $195.
References
External links
Videos demonstrating product
Shaky hand, stable spoon: High-tech help for essential tremor - medical review
Google
Medical equipment
Spoons
Motion control
Parkinson's disease
Verily
Manufacturing companies based in San Francisco
Boy Blue may refer to:
"Boy Blue" (Electric Light Orchestra song)
"Boy Blue" (Cyndi Lauper song)
Boy Blue (Fables), a fictional character in the Vertigo comic book series Fables, based on the Little Boy Blue nursery rhyme.
Boy Blue, a fictional villain in the DC Comics universe, associated with Nebula Man
See also
Little Boy Blue (disambiguation)
Blueboy (disambiguation)
The Boy in Blue (disambiguation)
Compañía de Líneas Aéreas Subvencionadas, meaning 'Subsidized Airlines Company', mostly known as CLASSA, was a Spanish airline based in Madrid, Spain.
The airline was established as part of the Miguel Primo de Rivera government's efforts to establish state-controlled monopolies controlling essential services. As had been done with CAMPSA and with CTNE, a monopoly was created by merging existing Spanish air transport companies. CLASSA's inaugural flight took place on 27 May 1929 between Getafe (Madrid) and Sevilla although regular operations wouldn't officially start until November.
CLASSA ceased operations in 1933, the second year of the Spanish Republic, and in those years did not have any air accidents.
History
CLASSA was an airline established following the creation of the Higher Aeronautic Council (Consejo Superior de Aeronáutica) through a decree issued on 9 April 1927. The newly created council existed to unify existing civil airlines which reflected General Primo de Rivera's policy of establishing state monopolies to run the country's essential public services. Following a decree issued on 9 January 1928, the creation of a new airline was tendered and two proposals were presented.
Iberia, Unión Aérea Española (U.A.E.), Compañía Española de Tráfico Aéreo (C.E.T.A.), the pilot training company Compañía Española de Aviación (C.E.A.) and the airship line Transaérea Colón were merged in order to form CLASSA. Companies with active government contracts, such as Compañía Aérea Jorge Loring, were exempt from joining until their contracts expired, but would join later.
It was formally constituted as a company on 13 March 1929, with the full name Compañía de Líneas Aéreas Subvencionadas, Sociedad Anónima, but it would be known by the acronym 'CLASSA', which officially began operations of the lines flown by the previous companies on 25 November 1929. However, it was decided that the official date of its constitution would be 25 May 1929, which was the date in which CLASSA took over the fleets and staff of the companies that had been merged. Compañía Española de Tráfico Aéreo (C.E.T.A.), which had been founded in 1920, ceased to exist at that time.
The only exception was U.A.E.'s Sevilla - Granada flight which would continue to be operated by this company until January 1930. On that date the remaining two Junkers G 24s used by U.A.E. joined CLASSA's fleet, while the third had been transferred to CLASSA the previous year. U.A.E had sold all its CLASSA shares to Jorge Loring on 24 May 1929, at which time Loring became the primary de facto shareholder of the new company but ceased to exist once their Sevilla - Tetuán - Larache line was taken over by CLASSA on 31 January 1931.
In May 1930 CLASSA made the first commercial flight to the Canary Islands using one of its Ford 4-AT trimotors, the only aircraft in the fleet with a radio. The plane landed on 20 May at Los Rodeos Airport (now Tenerife Norte) in Tenerife Island.
Following the proclamation of the Second Spanish Republic in 1931 LAPE (Líneas Aéreas Postales Españolas) was established to replace CLASSA and on 23 September 1931, CLASSA's contract with the Spanish government was cancelled, however CLASSA continued flying under the Spanish Republican Flag for another year. LAPE began operations in April 1932, with their assets and fleets being merged. The Republican government of Spain compensated CLASSA's shareholders after it was dissolved.
Fleet
1 Breguet 26T Limousine
2 Fokker F.VII
2 Ford 4-AT
3 Junkers G 24
See also
History of Iberia Airlines
LAPE
References
External links
Pictures of CLASSA memorabilia
Airline History - Spain
Airlines established in 1928
Airlines disestablished in 1933
Defunct airlines of Spain
1928 establishments in Spain
1933 disestablishments in Spain
1933 mergers and acquisitions
The March 702 was a Formula 2 racing car and was built by March Engineering in 1970.
Development history and technology
The March 702 was the first-ever Formula 2 car built by March. The vehicle was based on the March 693 Formula 3 racing car from 1969. For Formula 2, the frame tubes were reinforced, which put the weight of the car at the upper limit. A Cosworth FVA engine was used as the drive. After a year of development work and building a lighter chassis, the car became competitive at the end of the season.
Racing history
Swiss Xavier Perrot achieved the 702's only win in 1970 at the Nürburgring. Perrot won the substitute race for the German Grand Prix, which was moved to Hockenheim, ahead of Hannelore Werner, who also drove a March 702. Werner's second place was the best finish ever achieved by a woman in a Formula 2 car.
References
Formula Two cars
1970s cars
Vienna Convention can mean any of a number of treaties signed in Vienna. Most are related to the harmonization or formalization of the procedures of international diplomacy, but some are not.
several treaties and conventions resulted from the Congress of Vienna (1814–15) which redrew the map of Europe, only partially restoring the pre-Napoleonic situation, and drafted new rules for international relations
Vienna Convention on Money (1857)
Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations (1961)
Vienna Convention on Civil Liability for Nuclear Damage (1963)
Vienna Convention on Consular Relations (1963)
Vienna Convention on Road Traffic (1968)
Vienna Convention on Road Signs and Signals (1968)
Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties (1969)
Convention on the Issue of Multilingual Extracts from Civil Status Records (1976)
Vienna Convention on Succession of States in respect of Treaties (1978)
United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (1980), a uniform international sales law
Vienna Convention for the Protection of the Ozone Layer (1985)
Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties between States and International Organizations or between International Organizations (1986)
United Nations Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (1988)
Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, on the Nuclear Program of Iran (2015)
Vienna Agreement Establishing an International Classification of the Figurative Elements of Marks, on intellectual property law (1972)
See also
Congress of Vienna (disambiguation)
Treaty of Vienna (disambiguation)
Vienna Conference (disambiguation)
Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, a 1993 United Nations human rights declaration
Vienna System, a highly-conventional bidding system in the game of contract bridge
Joyce Grill (born April 20, 1936) is an American composer, teacher, and conductor.
Biography
Grill graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Madison where she completed a BM in Music in 1958. She received training at the Fontainebleau School of Fine Arts in France, where she studied piano with Robert and Jean Casadesus and theory and composition with Nadia Boulanger.
She taught piano, music appreciation, and accompanying classes at the University of Wisconsin–La Crosse from 1974–1999 where she wrote the UW–La Crosse Fight Song.
She founded the La Crosse Area Music Teachers Association in 1980. Her first book Accompanying Basics was published in 1987 by KJOS. In 2006 she was named a MTNA Foundation Fellow. In 2010 she was the Wisconsin Music Teachers Association Commissioned Composer.
She is a member of Sigma Alpha Iota and has held offices in both the Wisconsin State Music Teachers Association and the National Music Teachers Association.
Works
"Accompanying Basics" (1987)
"Christmas Together" (1989)
"Ring Christmas Bells" (1991)
"Song of the Wise Men" (1992)
"O Holy Night" (1992)
"From Many Lands: Nine original pieces in romantic Style" (1992)
"Thanks Anna Magdalena" (1992)
"Either Or: Pieces for right or left hand" (1992)
"A Christmas Medley" (1993)
"Journey of the Kings" (1993)
"The Black Cat Boogies" (1993)
"Character Pieces: Original pieces in the romantic style" (1993)
"Just For Fun: Seven Jazzy Pieces for Not-so-serious Days" (1994)
"Gypsy Airs" (1994)
"From Many Lands at Christmas" (1995)
"Left Alone Right On: 14 Original pieces for left hand alone or right hand alone" (1995)
"More Left Alone Right On: Original pieces for left hand alone or right hand alone" (1996)
"Criss-Crossing" (1997)
"Preludes: ten original pieces in the romantic style" (1997)
"Accompanist: yes, it really happened" (1997)
"Duets from Many Lands: six original pieces for one piano, four hands" (1998)
"Movin' On" (2000)
"In Character" (2000)
"Remembering" (2000)
"In Style" (2002)
"Country Scenes" (2002)
"Four-hand fun: original piano duets for early-intermediate pianists" (2002)
"Four Hand Fun, Book 2" (2002)
"Left alone—Right on!: 14 original pieces for left hand alone or right hand alone" (2003)
"Random Thoughts: 11 original Piano Solos" (2003)
"Changing Moods" (2003)
"Three's A Crowd Rag" (2003)
"Sparklers" (2003)
"Down the Road" (2004)
"In Style, Bk2" (2005)
"Cancun cha-cha-cha: one piano, six hands—early intermediate." (2005)
"He Is Born" (2006)
"Dancing Drums" (2006)
"Snapshots of Wisconsin Suite" (2006)
"Minnesota Moments Suite" (2006)
"Who's Next Trio" (2007)
"Desert Caravan" (2008)
"Spanish Nights" (2009)
"Chopsticks Rag for Three" (2009)
"Broken Record Rag" (2010)
References
External links
Hear the UW–La Crosse Fight Song
Sigma Alpha Iota
Joyce Grill's Website
American women composers
21st-century American composers
Living people
1936 births
21st-century American conductors (music)
21st-century American women musicians
21st-century women composers
Monument is the third album by alternative rock band Children Collide. Its release was announced just after lead single 'Sword to a Gunfight' was premiered on the Triple J breakfast show with Tom Ballard and Alex Dyson. It was made the Triple J feature album from 10 to 17 April.
The album cover was designed by Isobel Knowles
This is the last album to feature drummer Ryan Caesar. His departure was announced on 29 February 2012.
Track listing
Charts
References
2012 albums
Children Collide albums
Trihydroxyflavanone may refer to:
Butin (molecule) (3',4',7-trihydroxyflavanone)
Garbanzol (3,7,4'-trihydroxyflavanone)
Naringenin (4',5,7-trihydroxyflavanone)
Pinobanksin (3,5,7-trihydroxyflavanone)
Spence Burton was an Anglican bishop in the mid 20th century and the first American to be consecrated a bishop in the Church of England.
Born on 4 October 1881 and educated at Harvard University, he was ordained in 1908. After a short spell as an assistant priest at St John the Evangelist, Boston he was to spend the next 30 years with the Society of St. John the Evangelist eventually becoming Father Superior of the American Congregation. In 1939, he was appointed Suffragan Bishop of Haiti and the Dominican Republic. Three years later, he was translated to Nassau, finally resigning in 1962. He died on 15 February 1966. A college he founded during his episcopate recently celebrated its 60th anniversary.
He was a bishop associate of the Confraternity of the Blessed Sacrament.
Notes
1890 births
1966 deaths
Anglican bishops of Nassau
Harvard University alumni
20th-century Anglican bishops in the Caribbean
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
American expatriate bishops
Episcopal bishops of Haiti
20th-century American clergy
Melvin N. Zimmer (October 4, 1938 – January 4, 2002) was an American politician who served in the New York State Assembly from the 120th district from 1975 to 1991.
He died after being hit by a car on January 4, 2002, in Syracuse, New York at age 63.
References
1938 births
2002 deaths
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) Democrats
20th-century American politicians
Road incident deaths in New York (state)
Pedestrian road incident deaths
Subepidermal calcified nodule is a type of Calcinosis cutis. It's a cutaneous condition characterized by calcification of the skin resulting from the deposition of calcium and phosphorus, occurring most frequently as one or a few skin lesions on the scalp or face of children. Lesions may also appear on the ear and eyelid.
See also
Ectopic calcification
Calcinosis cutis
Skin lesion
List of cutaneous conditions
References
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
Alatuncusia gilvicostalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1918. It is found in Peru.
The wingspan is about 24 mm. The forewings are brown with a leaden-grey hue. The costal area is pale yellow up to the postmedial line. The antemedial line is dark but indistinct, faintly defined on the inner side by yellowish white. There is a faint dark discoidal spot. The postmedial line is dark and rather diffused, defined on the outer side by a triangular pale yellow spot at the costa, then faintly by whitish up to vein two, then by yellowish white. There is a diffused white terminal line. The hindwings are white, the inner margin tinged with reddish brown. There is a rather diffused rufous terminal line.
References
Moths described in 1918
Dichogamini
Moths of South America
An emissions target or greenhouse gas emissions reduction target is the central policy instrument of international greenhouse gas emissions reduction politics and a key pillar of climate policy. They typically include heavy consideration of emissions budgets, which are calculated using rate of warming per standard emission of carbon dioxide, a historic baseline temperature, a desired level of confidence and a target global average temperature to stay below.
An "emissions target" may be distinguished from an emissions budget, as an emissions target may be internationally or nationally set in accordance with objectives other than a specific global temperature. This includes targets created for their political palatability, rather than budgets scientifically determined to meet a specific temperature target.
Calculation of Emissions Targets
A country's determination of emissions targets is based on careful consideration of pledged NDCs (nationally determined contributions), economic and social feasibility, and political palatability. Carbon budgets can provide political entities with knowledge of how much carbon can be emitted before likely reaching a certain temperature threshold, but specific emissions targets take more into account. The exact way these targets are determined varies widely from country to country. Variation in emissions targets and time to complete them depends on factors such as accounting of land-use emissions, afforestation capacity of a country, and a countries transport emissions. Importantly, emissions targets also depend on their hypothesized reception.
Many emissions pathways, budgets and targets also rely on the implementation of negative emissions technology. These currently undeveloped technologies are predicted to pull net emissions down even as source emissions are not reduced.
Effectiveness of Targets
Many countries' emissions targets are above the scientifically calculated allowable emissions to remain below a certain temperature threshold. Recently in 2015, many countries pledged NDCs to limit the increase in the global average temperature to well below 2 °C above pre-industrial levels. Many of the largest emitters of GHGs, however, are on track to push global average temperature to as much as 4 °C. Some of these projections contradict agreements made in the 2015 Paris Agreement, meaning countries are not keeping to their pledged NDCs.
In addition, it is uncertain how effective many emissions targets and accompanying policies really are. For example, with countries that have high consumption-based carbon emissions, strictly enforced, aligned and coordinated international policy measures determine the effectiveness of targets. In addition, many ambitious policies are proposed and passed but are not practically enforced or regulated, or have unintended consequences. China's ETS (emissions trading scheme), while seeming to have an effect on reducing production-based emissions also promoted outsourcing of emissions contributing to a further imbalance of carbon transfer among China's different provinces. The ETS evaluation also did not account for exported consumption-based emissions.
Many countries aim to reach net zero emissions in the next few decades. In order to reach this goal however, there must be a radical shift in energy infrastructure. For example, in the United States, political entities are attempting to switch away from coal and oil based energy by replacing plants with natural gas combined cycle (NGCC) power plants. However many find this transition to not be significant enough to reach net-zero emissions. More significant changes, for example using biomass energy with carbon capture and storage (BECCS) are suggested as a viable option to transition to net-zero emissions countries.
See also
Global warming
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
United Nations Climate Change conference
Nationally Determined Contributions
Bioenergy with Carbon Capture and Storage
Paris Agreement
List of countries by greenhouse gas emissions per capita
References
Greenhouse gas emissions
Environmental science
Ashville is an unincorporated community in the Rural Municipality of Gilbert Plains, Manitoba, Canada.
It is located along Highway 10 and the CPR tracks, north-west of the City of Dauphin. It lies at an elevation of , south of the Valley River and north of the Riding Mountain National Park.
The community was named after Isaac Ash, a person of Irish descent who settled in the area.
The Ashville Formation, a stratigraphical unit of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin, was named for this community.
See also
List of communities in Manitoba
References
Unincorporated communities in Parkland Region, Manitoba
George Washington Geddes (July 16, 1824 – November 9, 1892) was an American lawyer, jurist, and politician who served as a U.S. representative from Ohio for four terms from 1879 to 1887.
Early life and career
Born in Mount Vernon, Ohio, Geddes attended the common schools.
He studied law under Columbus Delano.
He was admitted to the bar in July 1845 and practiced.
He served as judge of the court of common pleas of the sixth judicial district in 1856.
He was reelected in 1861.
Geddes was again elected in 1868, and served until 1873.
He resumed the practice of law.
He was an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for judge of the Supreme Court of Ohio in 1871.
He resumed the practice of law in Mansfield.
Congress
Geddes was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-sixth and to the three succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1879 – March 3, 1887).
He served as chairman of the Committee on War Claims (Forty-eighth and Forty-ninth Congresses).
He declined to be a candidate for reelection in 1886 to the Fiftieth Congress.
He resumed the practice of his profession.
Family life
Married Nancy Lennon of Ashland County, Ohio in 1848, and had three sons, Samuel, James and George. Nancy died in 1878, and Geddes married Amelia Gass, December 1880.
Geddes was a trustee of Ohio Wesleyan University and Mount Union College. He was a Methodist.
Death
He died in Mansfield, Ohio, November 9, 1892. He was interred in Mansfield Cemetery.
Sources
1824 births
1892 deaths
People from Mount Vernon, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Politicians from Mansfield, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
From April 13 to 16, 2012, a major tornado outbreak occurred across a large portion of the Great Plains. The storms resulted in six tornado-related fatalities, all of which occurred as a result of a nighttime EF3 tornado that caused major damage in and around Woodward, Oklahoma. Numerous other tornadoes occurred, including a violent EF4 tornado that passed near Marquette, Kansas, and an EF3 that caused major damage in Wichita.
Meteorological synopsis
An impressive low pressure area and associated trough began tracking into the Great Plains on April 13, and a slight risk of severe weather was issued. The outlook mentioned the possibility of tornadoes, including the risk for isolated strong tornadoes. No strong tornadoes occurred, though an EF1 tornado caused considerable damage in Norman, Oklahoma.
For only the second time in history (previously for April 7, 2006), a day two high risk of severe weather was issued by the Storm Prediction Center. In the discussion, the SPC stated that a major tornado outbreak was likely across central Kansas and north-central Oklahoma during the afternoon and overnight hours of April 14, with long-tracked violent tornadoes likely. It was later expanded to include a second high risk area across much of Nebraska, where a rare 45% tornado probability was given during the late morning update on April 13. During the morning hours on the 14th, the high risk area was expanded again to combine the two separate areas into a single large one. Later in the day, the 45% tornado probability was shifted from Nebraska south to Kansas and northern Oklahoma. A large outbreak of tornadoes impacted the Great Plains states on April 14, and several PDS tornado warnings were issued during the outbreak. Initially, most of the tornadoes were small or remained over open country, though more significant tornado activity began to develop throughout the day. A high-end EF2 tornado struck Creston, Iowa, flipping vehicles and causing major structural damage to homes and other buildings in town. Another EF2 wedge tornado struck Thurman, Iowa, damaging 75% of the town. In Nebraska, a strong EF2 tornado destroyed outbuildings and badly damaged a home near Cook, while a large and violent EF4 tornado leveled a home and debarked trees near Marquette, Kansas. Later that evening, a cyclic supercell thunderstorm developed in northern Oklahoma before moving into southern Kansas, producing multiple tornadoes along the way. This included a large EF3 wedge tornado that destroyed homes near Conway Springs. As this supercell moved into Wichita around 10:15 pm CDT (0315 UTC), another large EF3 wedge tornado touched down and caused major damage in the southeastern part of the city. Staff at the Wichita National Weather Service Weather Forecast Office at Wichita Mid-Continent Airport were forced to hand over responsibility for their County Warning Area to the National Weather Service office in Topeka and take shelter at about 10:00 pm CDT (0300 UTC), returning to duty half an hour later. Another supercell thunderstorm also produced two EF3 wedge tornadoes that passed near Fellsburg and Hudson, causing significant damage.
Around 10:00 p.m. CDT (0300 UTC), a broken squall line began to form across the eastern portions of the Texas and Oklahoma panhandles; a thunderstorm developed ahead of the northern line segment in northwestern Wheeler County, Texas, at approximately 10:30 p.m. CDT (0330 UTC), and began developing supercell characteristics as it tracked northeastward into the Oklahoma counties of Ellis and Roger Mills. A tornado warning was issued for Ellis, Harper and Woodward counties at 12:00 am CDT (0500 UTC) on April 15 after weather spotters reported a tornado spawned by this supercell located southeast of Gage in Ellis County. This high-end EF3 tornado later struck Woodward, Oklahoma, at 12:20 am CDT (0520 UTC), killing six people. Multiple homes and businesses were destroyed in Woodward, and all fatalities occurred as a result of destroyed mobile homes. Additional weak tornadoes occurred on April 15 and 16 before the outbreak came to an end.
Confirmed tornadoes
April 13 event
April 14 event
April 15 event
April 16 event
Haysville–McConnell Air Force Base–Eastern Wichita, Kansas
Originating in the Texas Panhandle, the supercell thunderstorm that produced this destructive nighttime EF3 tornado had a history of producing tornadoes in Oklahoma as early as 6:15 pm. The cyclic supercell storm produced additional tornadoes as it continued into south-central Kansas, including an EF3 that passed near Argonia and Conway Springs. As the supercell moved into the Wichita metropolitan area, a tornado touched down in the southern part of Haysville, moving through the eastern part of town along a northeasterly path. Damage in Haysville ranged from EF0 to EF1 in intensity as homes sustained damage to roofs, windows, and garage doors. Trees were also downed, some of which landed on houses. Farther to the northeast, additional minor to moderate damage occurred as the tornado approached the southeastern city limits of Wichita. By this time, local news stations and storm spotters were reporting a large wedge tornado moving into southeastern Wichita, accompanied by numerous power flashes. Staff at the Wichita National Weather Service Weather Forecast Office on the western perimeter of the Wichita Mid-Continent Airport were forced to hand over responsibility for their County Warning Area to the National Weather Service office in Topeka and take shelter at about 10:00 pm CDT (0300 UTC), due to the close proximity of the predicted tornado track to their location. While within their shelter room, the NWS Wichita staff used a laptop computer and personal smartphones to continue to monitor the tornado on radar. The tornado ended up passing within six miles of the facility at its closest point, and the staff returned to duty half an hour later. The tornado reached EF3 intensity as it entered Wichita, tearing directly through the Oaklawn-Sunview neighborhood. Major damage occurred in this residential area, as numerous one-story homes were severely damaged or destroyed, including many that lost roofs and exterior walls. One home was leveled, and many large trees were snapped, defoliated, and denuded.
Some of the most significant damage in this area occurred at the Pinaire Mobile Home Park, where 90 of the 150 mobile homes were damaged, several of which were completely destroyed. Ruptured gas lines in the mobile home park resulted in a fire, and several residents were left trapped in the rubble, but were later rescued. Despite the severity of the damage, no fatalities occurred at the Pinaire Mobile Home Park or anywhere else along the path of the tornado. Continuing to the northeast, the tornado weakened to EF2 strength and struck Spirit AeroSystems, Wichita's largest employer. Every building at the facility sustained some degree of damage, and six of the buildings sustained significant damage. One of these buildings was largely destroyed. At nearby McConnell Air Force Base, hangars and fences were heavily damaged, and airplanes were damaged at the Kansas Aviation Museum. Past McConnell Air Force Base, the tornado weakened to EF1 strength and passed near the intersection of Rock Road and East Pawnee Street, snapping power poles and toppling a billboard over onto a nearby building. Minor tree, fence, and house damage occurred in residential areas along this segment of the path, and an apartment building had a large portion of its roof torn off. At the East Harry Street and South Webb Road intersection, a QuikTrip, Dillons, Walgreens, and several other businesses sustained EF0 to EF1 damage. Continuing to the northeast, EF0 to EF1 damage continued as the tornado passed near the intersection of Greenwich Road and East Kellogg Avenue, blowing the windows out of vehicles at a car dealership and causing roof damage to the Hawker Beechcraft facility. A large ferris wheel was toppled over in the parking lot of Morningstar Community Church, where a fair had been taking place earlier in the day. Additional minor tree and house damage occurred before the tornado dissipated to the west of Andover, after injuring 38 people and causing $500 million in damage. The path of this tornado bore a striking resemblance to the track of an F5 tornado that killed 17 people in Sedgwick and Butler counties on April 26, 1991.
Arnett–Woodward, Oklahoma
Touching down northeast of Arnett in southern Ellis County, Oklahoma, at 11:42 p.m. CDT on April 14, this deadly EF3 nighttime tornado was the only tornado of the outbreak that resulted in any fatalities. After touching down, the tornado rapidly intensified and continued through sparsely populated areas to the northeast of Arnett, destroying two homes and causing lesser damage to a few others. Damage along this segment of the path was rated EF3. The tornado tracked northeastward into Woodward County, Oklahoma, around 11:59 p.m. CDT, producing EF2 damage. Power lines were downed and two mobile homes were completely destroyed to the southeast of Fargo, killing three people. Illuminated by lightning and power flashes, the large stovepipe tornado entered the southwestern part of Woodward at 12:19 a.m. CDT on April 15. The first area impacted in Woodward was a subdivision along Quail Drive and Meadowlake Drive. EF3 damage occurred in these areas as numerous homes were damaged or destroyed, some of which were left with only a few interior walls standing. Large trees were defoliated, snapped, and denuded, and vehicles were tossed and severely damaged. The tornado reached high-end EF3 strength as it moved through neighborhoods just to the west of 34th Street, where multiple homes had roofs ripped off and sustained collapse of exterior walls. One two-story home was completely flattened with only a pile of rubble left behind, though overall context was not indicative of a tornado exceeding high-end EF3 intensity. EF3 damage continued just beyond this point as one-story condominium buildings along Lakeside Lane were destroyed. One of the buildings at the complex was leveled, though the structures were not well-anchored to their foundations. A carpet store housed in a large retail building in this area also sustained EF3 damage, sustaining total roof loss and collapse of multiple exterior walls, with metal support beams bent. A nearby movie theater building was badly damaged as well.
The tornado then crossed Oklahoma Avenue, snapping trees and bending metal street signs to the ground. The Mutual of Omaha Customer Service Center, housed in a large and well-built office building, was impacted at low-end EF3 intensity. The structure sustained many blown out windows, roof loss, major damage to its interior, and partial exterior wall failure. Large amounts of debris was scattered throughout the area, and small ornamental trees on the property sustained some debarking. Farther to the northeast, the tornado maintained its strength as it ripped through residential areas in western Woodward, severely damaging or completely destroying many homes in the vicinity of Cheyenne Drive, Choctaw Court, and Ridgecrest Avenue. Past this area, the tornado struck the Hideaway Mobile Home Park along 26th Street in the northwestern part of town, resulting in devastating damage. Three people were killed as several mobile homes were obliterated, with their metal frames thrown and mangled. Debris was scattered in all directions, vehicles were tossed, and ground scouring was noted at the mobile home park. The tornado then exited Woodward and weakened, moving through open country before lifting at around 12:26 a.m. CDT approximately northeast of Woodward in northwestern Woodward County. 89 homes and 13 businesses were reportedly damaged or destroyed in Woodward, including 10 houses that were leveled. 6 people were killed by the tornado, and 28 others were injured.
The 20 outdoor warning sirens located throughout Woodward did not sound prior to the tornado striking the town. This was due to lightning strike damage from the previous day sustained to a tower used to activate the local electricity-powered siren warning system. As a result, most Woodward area residents had to rely on warnings either from local television stations broadcasting from the Oklahoma City market through cable and satellite television or NOAA Weather Radio All Hazards.
Aftermath
On April 15, 2012, Kansas Governor Sam Brownback declared a state of emergency for the entire state due to the tornadoes, straight-line winds, hail and flash flooding. Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin declared a state of emergency the following day on April 16 for twelve Oklahoma counties (Alfalfa, Caddo, Canadian, Cleveland, Ellis, Harper, Jackson, Kiowa, Logan, Oklahoma, Woods and Woodward).
On April 18, Fallin filed a federal disaster declaration request for Woodward County with the Federal Emergency Management Agency, seeking government funding to provide temporary housing, low-interest loans, disaster unemployment assistance and disaster expense grants for people and businesses affected by the storms; officials for the Governor's office stated that if the request is granted, additional Oklahoma counties currently included in the state of emergency declaration may be added to the federal disaster declaration.
On April 19, 2012, FEMA announced that the southwestern Iowa counties of Union and Fremont that were also affected by the tornadoes would not qualify for federal assistance, both counties also received state disaster declarations by Governor Terry Branstad. FEMA denied the disaster declaration request for the twelve Oklahoma counties the following day on April 20. The Small Business Administration accepted a separate disaster declaration request filed by Governor Fallin for Woodward County on April 26; the declaration will allow the SBA to provide low-interest disaster loans for renters, homeowners, business owners and non-profits to repair or replace storm-damaged property not covered by insurance or other federal assistance programs.
See also
List of North American tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
Notes
References
External links
For the latest severe weather information:
National Weather Service
Storm Prediction Center
Storm Reports:
Time lapse visualization of the April 14th tornado outbreak
97 tornadoes leave a mess across Kansas, list of damage, links to photos; KWCH tv; April 15, 2012.
EF-4 Tornado levels Ellsworth County home; KWCH tv; April 15, 2012.
Storm slams into Saline County hog farm; KWCH tv; April 15, 2012.
04-13
Tornadoes in Kansas
Tornadoes in Oklahoma
History of Wichita, Kansas
Tornado
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1960–61 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1960–61 in Bahraini football
Redwings Horse Sanctuary is a registered charity that provides a home for rescued horses, based in Norfolk, England.
Aims
According to RHS, their "primary purpose is to provide and promote the welfare, protection and care of horses, ponies, donkeys, and mules that have suffered from maltreatment, neglect or poor circumstance. Our work has three main themes – rescue and rehabilitation, specialist sanctuary care and prevention through education".
History
Redwings are founded in 1984 by Wendy Valentine, who subsequently left to form Hillside Animal Sanctuary in 1995. Redwings are now the largest horse charity in the UK. Redwing provides a safe home for rescued horses, ponies, donkeys and mules who have been neglected and ill-treated, such as those rescued from Spindles Farm in 2008, the largest case of equine animal cruelty ever seen in the UK at the time.
In October 2005 Redwings merged with the Ada Cole Memorial Stables in Essex, in 2015 it merged with Mountains Animal Sanctuary in Forfar, Angus in Scotland and in 2019 it merged with SWHP in South Wales. Redwings now has sites across the UK with visitor centres in Norfolk, Essex, Scotland and Warwickshire. According to the Annual Return for 31 Dec 2015 it had income of £12.01 million and expenditure of £10.00 million.
See also
List of animal sanctuaries
References
External links
Animal charities based in the United Kingdom
Animal welfare organisations based in the United Kingdom
Horse sanctuaries
Charities based in Norfolk
Troubridge Island Conservation Park is a protected area includes all of Troubridge Island and some adjoining waters about East-southeast of Edithburgh in South Australia and about southwest of Adelaide. The park was proclaimed in 1982 under National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972 ‘to conserve sea-bird rookeries and to preserve heritage values of a lighthouse and associated keepers' cottages'. In 1986 the park was extended to include an area of intertidal waters around the island. The conservation park is classified as an IUCN Category III protected area.
Citations and references
Citations
References
External links
Troubridge Island Conservation Park official webpage
Troubridge Island Conservation Park webpage on protected planet
Conservation parks of South Australia
South Australian terrestrial protected areas with a marine zone
Protected areas established in 1982
Gulf St Vincent
Yorke Peninsula
1982 establishments in Australia
Margaret McFadden (, Bichsel, or Bischell, or Bischelt; 1870 – December 7, 1932) was an American community leader, prominent in philanthropic, church, and women's organizations. She served as president of the Minnesota Public Health Association, and the Guild of Catholic Women, the latter being one of the leading and most powerful religious organizations in the region where she lived. She was also involved in charitable work to improve the lives of veterans and the poor.
Early life and education
Margaret Bichsel (or Bischell, or Bischelt) was born in St. Louis, Missouri, 1870. Her father, Georg Bichsel, was an extensive shipbuilder of St. Louis. Her mother, Elizabeth, born in Lorraine, France, 1831.
When a child, she removed to Winona, Minnesota.
She was a student in Arcadia, Wisconsin, and at the Winona Seminary, conducted by the Sisters of Saint Francis.
In 1884, she removed to Saint Paul, Minnesota.
Career
McFadden held important roles in various Catholic charities. She was a member of the first executive board of the Catholic Infant Home, served as first vice president in 1913 and re-elected president in 1916, and served as a board member in 1921. She served as president of the Guild of Catholic Women, 1908 to 1913, during which time, membership increased from 25 to more than 800 members, departments were organized and the Guild was incorporated. She was the chair of the Guild's Juvenile Court, as well as a member of its executive board and the Guild Hall board for years. She was also the chair of the Minnesota Council of Catholic Women. She served as secretary of the Blessed Virgin Mary's Chapel Association. McFadden was a delegate to the national conference of Catholic Charities.
She was also involved in charitable work to improve the lives of veterans, for example, serving as chair of finances for the Aberdeen Veteran's Hospital. McFadden was the president of the first woman's Auxiliary, American Legion Post No. 8, also serving as vice-president of the state auxiliary, chair of poppy sales, membership committee for ex-service men's association of the state hospital committee, Legion Auxiliary. She was a member of the state executive board of the Armistice Day committee, war camp community service.
She was the program chair on numerous occasions including for: Washington's birthday, annual outing for the blind, social committee of the National Confectioners Association, midwinter breakfast of federated clubs, social committee of the Fourth District National Education Association, and Christmas seals.
She served as captain of the Community Chest drive, and directed the Red Cross parade.
She was active in working among the poor and was well known to the judge and officers of the juvenile court, who have often turned over to her and her associates the young girls who are brought into court, and whom she endeavored to help. McFadden was the director of the city's children's preventorium. She aided in changing the name of the Poor Farm to Ramsey County Home. McFadden was a member of the Goodfellow's executive committee, Belgian Relief, Mayor Herbert P. Keller's advisory board, Newsboy's club, and the committee benefit for flood sufferers.
Personal life
In Winona, on April 7, 1891, she married Michael Joseph McFadden (1863-1921), a prominent businessman of Saint Paul. He was a wholesale and retail candy dealer. He came to St. Paul in 1881 and started a retail candy store, later engaging in the manufacturing and wholesale of candy.
They had two children, Francis Grover McFadden (1892–1986) and Virginia Helen McFadden (1897–1984).
Margaret McFadden died in St. Paul, December 7, 1932. Burial was at the city's Calvary Cemetery.
Notes
References
1870 births
1932 deaths
20th-century American philanthropists
People from St. Louis
People from Saint Paul, Minnesota
Catholics from Minnesota
American community activists
20th-century women philanthropists
American people of French descent
Trout Creek is a tributary of Monument Creek in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Spring Brook Township. Wild trout naturally reproduce in the creek. It has no named tributaries, but does have three unnamed tributaries. The surficial geology in the vicinity of the creek mainly consists of bedrock, Wisconsinan Till, alluvium, fill, wetlands, and lakes.
Course
Trout Creek begins on a mountain in Spring Brook Township. It flows northwest for a short distance before turning north-northeast for a few miles. The creek almost immediately passes through a small pond and begins flowing down the mountain in a valley. It receives an unnamed tributary from the left and later two more from the right. Its valley then becomes much deeper and narrower and it turns north-northwest for more than a mile. The creek then turns west and a few tenths of a mile further downstream, reaches its confluence with Monument Creek.
Tributaries
Trout Creek has no named tributaries. However, it does have a number of unnamed tributaries. The largest tributary is its first one, which begins in Pittston Township, Luzerne County and flows in a northeasterly direction for nearly a mile to its confluence with Trout Brook.
Geography and geology
The elevation near the mouth of Trout Creek is above sea level. The elevation of the creek's source is between above sea level.
In the lower reaches of Trout Creek, the surficial geology along the valley floor consists of alluvium. The sides of the valley mainly have surficial geology containing bedrock consisting of conglomerate, sandstone, and shale. Further upstream, the surficial geology along the creek mainly consists of a glacial or resedimented till known as Wisconsinan Till. However, large areas of bedrock and some small patches of fill and wetlands are also present. There is also one small lake in the watershed's upper reaches.
Part of Mount Pisgah is in the watershed of Trout Creek.
Watershed and biology
Most of the watershed of Trout Creek is in Spring Brook Township, Lackawanna County. However, a small area of the upper reaches of the watershed is in Pittston Township, in Luzerne County. Trout Creek is entirely within the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Avoca.
Wild trout naturally reproduce in Trout Creek from its headwaters downstream to its mouth.
History
Trout Creek was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2, 1979. Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1189833.
In the early 2000s, the Lackawanna River Watershed Conservation Plan recommended that Spring Brook Township include protection of Trout Creek in their comprehensive plans, as well as their ordinances for land use, zoning, and subdivision.
See also
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
References
Rivers of Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Spring Brook (Lackawanna River)
Rivers of Pennsylvania
All Together Now is a Philippine television situational comedy series broadcast by GMA Network. Directed by Al Quinn, it stars Christopher de Leon, Johnny Delgado, Edgar Mortiz and Pops Fernandez. It premiered on October 21, 2003 on the network's KiliTV line up. The series concluded on September 7, 2004 with a total of 47 episodes. It was replaced by Bahay Mo Ba 'To? in its timeslot.
The series is streaming online on YouTube.
Cast and characters
Lead cast
Christopher de Leon as DJ Blue / Tong
Johnny Delgado as Mamboy
Edgar Mortiz as Edgie
Pops Fernandez as Rina
Supporting cast
Angel Locsin as Tetet
K Brosas as Kakai
Sherilyn Reyes as LL
Ethel Booba as Joey
Alicia Mayer
Francine Prieto
Railey Valeroso
Drew Arellano as Andrew
Maggie Wilson
Valerie Concepcion
Gary Lim
Gene Padilla
Alma Moreno as Tudis
Contin Roque as Contin
References
External links
2003 Philippine television series debuts
2004 Philippine television series endings
Filipino-language television shows
GMA Network original programming
Philippine comedy television series
Vlaardingen () is a city in South Holland in the Netherlands. It is located on the north bank of the Nieuwe Maas river at the confluence with the Oude Maas. The municipality administers an area of , of which is land, with residents in .
Geography
The city is divided into a northern part (locally known as the "Holy") and a southern part by the A20 motorway. On the east the city is separated from Schiedam by the A4 motorway. Other places nearby are Maassluis to the west, Schipluiden and Delft to the north, Schiedam and Rotterdam to the east and Spijkenisse in the south-west, on the other side of the Nieuwe Maas. The A20 connects Rotterdam to Hook of Holland. The Beneluxtunnel (the tunnel that runs under the Nieuwe Waterweg) connects the A20 to the A15.
The centre of the town is on the west side of the old harbour, which is originally a stream ('De Vlaarding') from the peat lands north and east of the town, running to the Meuse estuary.
History
The area around Vlaardingen was already settled by about 2900 to 2600 BC. In 1990, a skeleton dated at about 1300 BC was dug up in the periphery of Vlaardingen; some human nuclear DNA was identified, the oldest found anywhere in the Netherlands. Although in the Roman Age a stronghold or maybe even a vicus Flenio must have been found in nowadays Vlaardingen, between roughly 250 CE and 700 CE the region seems to have been uninhabited, like much of the west of the Netherlands. In 726 or 727 the area is again mentioned as In Pagio Marsum, where a little church was established, around which Vlaardingen formed. The church is mentioned on a list of churches Willibrord, the Apostle to the Frisians, inhered to the Abbey of Echternach.
In 1018 Vlaardingen was a stronghold of Dirk III, who levied an illegal toll on ships on the Meuse river. An army sent by German Emperor Henry II in order to stop this practice was defeated by Dirk III in the (First) Battle of Vlaardingen. In 1047, his successor Dirk IV repelled another such attack (Second Battle of Vlaardingen). The first of these battles was commemorated in 2018 by a historical reenactment
The flood disaster of December 21, 1163 (Saint Thomas Flood), ended the growth of Vlaardingen. The Counts of Holland moved away and its development stagnated.
It is known that in 1273 Vlaardingen was granted city rights by Floris V, Count of Holland. Older city rights are possible, but not provable.
In 1574, during the Eighty Years War of Dutch independence, a group of Watergeuzen burnt down Vlaardingen as commanded by William of Orange to prevent the Spanish from capturing the town. Vlaardingen later became a shipbuilding area and a significant harbour for the herring fishing industry. The fishing boats (originally "haringbuizen", later also "sloepen" and "loggers") ceased to use Vlaardingen in the years after World War II.
In 1855 the former municipality of Zouteveen was merged into the municipality Vlaardingerambacht which in turn was merged with Vlaardingen during the occupation of the Netherlands in the Second World War by the Germans in 1941.
Because of the industrialization in and close to Vlaardingen, the city suffered from heavy air pollution and, sometimes, pathogenic smog during the 1970s. One day, a high school had to be closed because of the smog. Many environmental groups arose in and around Vlaardingen as it was seen as one of the most polluted cities of the country.
Vlaardingen consists of eight districts/neighbourhoods:
Vlaardingen Centrum
Westwijk
Vettenoordse polder (includes industry)
Vlaardingen Oost
Ambacht/Babberspolder
Holy Zuid
Holy Noord
Broekpolder
Politics
Mayor: Bert Wijbenga (VVD).
Seats in the city council after the municipal elections in 2010:
Labour Party (PvdA), 6 seats
Vlaardingen Ahead 2000/Livable Vlaardingen (VV2000/LV), 6 seats
Groenlinks (GL), 4 seats
People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), 4 seats
Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA), 3 seats
Socialist Party (SP), 3 seats
Democrats 66 (D66), 2 seats
Christian Union/Political Reformed Party (CU/SGP), 2 seats
City Interests Vlaardingen (SBV), 2 seats
Proud of the Netherlands (TON), 2 seats
General Elderly Alliance (AOV), 1 seat
Economy
A Unilever research centre is located in Vlaardingen (located next to the former Sunlight factory, later called Lever Faberge Sourcing Unit Vlaardingen). There are still some ship repair business(es) in Eastern Vlaardingen beside the Nieuwe Maas River. The was for many years the largest privately owned artificial harbour in the world. The last major herring factory, Warmelo & Van Der Drift, left Vlaardingen in the middle of 2012 to relocate to Katwijk aan Zee. There are still some ferry terminals (DFDS Seaways, sailing to Felixstowe and Immingham and P&O Ferries sailing to Hull).
Attractions
Monuments
Historical buildings in the town include the Grote Kerk (Big Church), the Waag (Weighing Bridge) next to the church and the old town hall (used for weddings), all on the Markt, the former marketplace, the Visbank (Fish Auction) at the harbour and the Oude Lijnbaan (Old Ropewalk, where ropes were made). The Grote Kerk was probably established between 1156 and 1164 and has been expanded, damaged and rebuilt. To the north of the old harbour is the old Aeolus windmill, which operates and sells ground cereals. The harbour is a marina and open-air museum with old ships. At the harbour is the (before: Visserijmuseum and the Visserij en Vlaardings Museum), a museum dedicated to commercial sea fishing and lore. A war memorial to the crew of a Wellington bomber from No. 142 Squadron RAF killed when it was shot down over Vlaardingen in March 1942 has been erected in Wijkpark Holy-Noord in June 2012.
On Emaus Cemetery in Vlaardinger Ambacht six members of the resistance group "Geuzen" are buried. They were executed in March 1941. Nine adjacent headstones are symbolic for nine other members of the "Geuzen" who were also executed and buried elsewhere.
Events
The "Vlaardings Loggerfestival" (Logger is a traditional ship used for herring fishery, the customary English name is lugger) is held on the first Saturday of June. The festival used to be called "Haring en Bierfeest" (translation: herring and beer festival), but in 2003 the mayor decided to rename it. In 2015, the name "Haring en Bierfeest" reappeared again.
Since 1987, the Geuzenpenning is an award that is yearly bestowed by a local foundation in cooperation with the town's municipality to human rights activists from all over the world.
Notable residents
People who are born in or (have) lived in Vlaardingen:
Counts of Holland
Floris I, Count of Holland (ca.1017-1061) Count of Holland then called Frisia, 1049-1061
Dirk IV, Count of Holland (ca.1025–1049) was Count of Holland 1039–1049, then called Frisia
Dirk V, Count of Holland (1052–1091) was Count of Holland 10611091, then called Frisia
Floris II, Count of Holland (ca.1085-1121) Count of Holland 1091-1121
Public thinking & Public Service
Gerard Callenburgh (1642–1722) was a Dutch admiral and town councillor and Burgomaster
Koos Vorrink (1891–1955) a Dutch politician
Cornelis Moerman (1893-1988) a general practitioner and keen pigeon fancier
Catharina Halkes (1920-2011) a Dutch theologian and feminist
Dirk Hoogendam (1922-2003) a Dutch war criminal
Geert Mak (born 1946) a Dutch journalist and a non-fiction writer about history
Agnes van Ardenne (born 1950) a retired Dutch politician and diplomat
Wouter Bos (born 1963) a retired Dutch politician, former Deputy Prime Minister 2007-2010
Kees van der Staaij (born 1968) a Dutch politician
Arjan El Fassed (born 1973) a former Dutch politician, human rights activist, a development aid worker and director of Open State Foundation
The Arts
Dolf van der Linden (1915–1999) a Dutch conductor of popular music
Bassie en Adriaan, (brothers, born 1935 & 1942) actors in a children's TV show
Gerrit Berveling (born 1944) a Dutch Esperanto author
Threes Anna (born 1959) a novelist, theatre and filmmaker
Hans Neleman (born 1960) an international photographer and film director from Connecticut
Martyn LeNoble (born 1969) a Dutch bassist and a founding member of the alternative rock band Porno for Pyros
Karen Mulder (born 1970) a Dutch model, singer and former supermodel
Rik van de Westelaken (born 1971) a Dutch TV presenter
Rajacenna van Dam (born 1994) a Dutch hyper realistic pencil drawing artist
Science & Business
Ericus Verkade (1835–1907) a Dutch businessman, founded Verkade manufacturing company
Hans Bos (born 1950) a Dutch biochemist, cancer researcher and academic
Roel Pieper (born 1956) a Dutch IT-entrepreneur
Aad van der Vaart (born 1959) a Dutch professor of stochastics at Leiden University
Martinus van der Knaap (born 1959) a Dutch marine biologist and sustainable development officer at FAO of The UN
Menno Schilthuizen (born 1965) a Dutch evolutionary biologist, ecologist and academic researcher
Jim Stolze (born 1973) a tech-entrepreneur at Amsterdam Science Park and with TEDx
Sport
Andries Hoogerwerf (1906–1977) a middle-distance runner in the 1928 Summer Olympics, later a scientist and conservationist in the Dutch East Indies
Rudie Liebrechts (born 1941) a Dutch former speed skater and racing cyclist
Paul-Jan Bakker (born 1957) a former Dutch cricketer
Juliette Bergmann (born 1958) a Dutch female bodybuilding former champion
Wim Koevermans (born 1960) a former football central defender with 340 club caps
Harald Wapenaar (born 1970) a Dutch former football goalkeeper with 341 club caps
Caroline Vis (born 1970) a retired professional tennis player
Frank Kooiman (born 1970) a retired Dutch football goalkeeper with about 310 club caps
Wilma van Hofwegen (born 1971) a former freestyle swimmer, team silver medallist at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Serge Zwikker (born 1973) a Dutch-American former basketball player.
Mark Huizinga (born 1973) a Dutch judoka champion and gold medallist at the 2000 Summer Olympics and bronze medallist at the 1996 and 2004 Summer Olympics
Daniëlle de Bruijn (born 1978) a water polo player, team gold medallist at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Edith Bosch (born 1980) a Dutch judoka, silver medallist at the 2004 Summer Olympics and bronze medallist at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics
Chantal Achterberg (born 1985) a Dutch rower, team bronze medallist at the 2012 Summer Olympics and team silver medalist at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Carlo van Dam (born 1986) a Dutch racing driver
Kevin de Koning (born 1994) a Dutch professional Starcraft II player
Twin city
Gallery
See also
Vlaardingse Vaart Bridge
References
External links
(English version)
The history of Vlaardingen website
Cities in the Netherlands
Municipalities of South Holland
Populated places in South Holland
The Canon Commercial Historic District in Canon, Georgia is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The listing included eight contributing buildings.
It includes the Canon Hotel, a two-story Georgian Revival-style building. and the W.F. Bowers Building, a one-story brick building built in the early 1890s, which, in 1985, had a "deteriorated Greek Revival-style porch at the Depot Street level that is supported by square brick columns. The central portal has a glass transom and a segmental arch and is flanked by a window on each side and four square brick wall pilasters. The porch has square wood columns and a wooden balustrade supported by square brick pillars."
See also
Historic Churches of Canon Historic District
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Franklin County, Georgia
Greek Revival architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Colonial Revival architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Buildings and structures completed in 1879
Paradiso is a novel by Cuban writer José Lezama Lima, the only one completed and published during his lifetime. Written in an elaborately baroque style, the narrative follows the childhood and youth of José Cemí, and depicts many scenes which resonate with Lezama's own life as a young poet in Havana. Many of the characters reappear in Lezama's posthumous novel Oppiano Licario, which was published in Mexico in 1977.
Background
The novel was originally published in Cuba in an edition regarded by the Argentine writer Julio Cortázar as being highly unsatisfactory, in part because of Lezama's poor punctuation and stylistic errors. With Lezama's blessing, Cortázar personally edited the text for a subsequent Mexican edition, correcting "thousands of errors and ambiguities."
Despite having written one of the most accomplished novels in Cuba's history, Lezama said he never considered himself a novelist, but rather a poet who wrote a poem that became a novel. Paradiso can thus be considered a kind of long poem, just as well as a neo-baroque novel.
Plot
The novel relates Cemí's struggles with a mysterious childhood illness, describes the death of his father, and explores his homosexuality and literary sensibilities. He lives in the world of pre-Castro Havana, and the Cuban Revolution only appears as a secondary plot. Some of the later chapters incorporate narrative experiments in which several alternating stories, set during widely divergent eras and having no immediately apparent connection with José Cemí, are interwoven and eventually merged. (In a letter to Julio Cortázar, Lezama explained that these chapters represent Cemí's dreams after the death of his father.)
Controversy
Because of the graphic homosexual scenes and the novel's ambivalence towards the political situation of the day, Paradiso encountered controversy and publication problems. Today it is widely read in the Spanish-speaking world but has not achieved the same fame in English-speaking countries despite a translation by the American translator Gregory Rabassa.
References
Interrogando a Lezama Lima. Recopilación de textos sobre José Lezama Lima. Ed. Pedro Simon Martinez. La Habana: Ediciones Casa de las Américas: 1970.
1966 novels
Spanish-language books
Cuban novels
Novels set in Cuba
Novels with gay themes
1960s LGBT novels
Philosophical novels
Tudor Hall School is an independent day and boarding school for girls in Oxfordshire, situated between Bloxham and Banbury. It was founded by a Baptist Minister and his wife, and moved to several different places before the purchase of its current premises after the Second World War.
History
Tudor Hall was founded in 1850 in Salisbury, by the Rev.John Wood Todd and his wife Martha, and moved to the Forest Hill area of London in around 1854, initially at Perry Hill House, and later at Red Hall, or Tudor House, from which the school's name emerged.
By the 1900s, the school had expanded and was in need of more space. In 1908, it moved to Chislehurst in Kent. The school later went through difficult times and had to be closed down for a term in 1935. Former pupil, Nesta Inglis, elder daughter of banker and Marylebone Cricket Club amateur cricketer Alfred Inglis, took over as headmistress and re-opened the school.
At the outbreak of World War II, the school relocated to Burnt Norton, near Chipping Campden, Gloucestershire, to escape the air raids. However, it outgrew the property during the war. Inglis came across some land outside Banbury, Oxfordshire, and the purchase was made in February 1944. The school moved to the new location in January 1946.
Boarding
Tudor Hall offers a full boarding programme. Over two thirds of pupils are boarders. New boarders are usually assigned an older girl to assist them with adjustment into boarding life. There are full-time residential staff who live on-campus.
Houses
Upon entry each girl is assigned to a house, each of which is named after one of the Royal Houses that ruled over England.
Tudor
Stuart
Lancaster
York
Traditions
Unlike many schools, Tudor Hall uses an unusual nomenclature for its year groups.
Todd/Ones - Year 7
Twos - Year 8
Threes - Year 9
Fours - Year 10
Fives - Year 11
Inglis - Year 12
Ashtons - Year 13
Notable old girls
Former pupils are known as "Old Tudorians"
Beatrice Offor, artist
Annabel Heseltine, journalist and broadcaster
Serena Armitage, Academy Award Winner for Best Short Film ‘Stutterer'
Julia Peyton-Jones, former Director of Serpentine Gallery & winner of Lifetime Achievement Award at Women of the World festival
Patsy Seddon, British womenwear designer who founded clothing brand Phase Eight
Nichola Pease, British Fund Manager
Monica Vinader, Founder and Creative Director of British jewellery brand Monica Vinader
Francesca Cumani, ITV Presenter, horse racing
Lady Margarita Armstrong-Jones, granddaughter of Princess Margaret and greatniece of Queen Elizabeth II
References
External links
School Website
Profile on the ISC website
ISI Inspection Report
Profile on MyDaughter
Boarding schools in Oxfordshire
1850 establishments in England
Girls' schools in Oxfordshire
Independent schools in Oxfordshire
Member schools of the Girls' Schools Association
Educational institutions established in 1850
Ralph Heathcott was Archdeacon of Totnes during 1499 .
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Melanie Bolaños (born 23 March 1994) is a Mexican judoka.
She is the silver medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Cancún in the +78 kg category.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Mexican female judoka
Marino Cardelli (born 5 October 1987) is an alpine skier from San Marino. He competed in the giant slalom at the 2006 and 2010 Winter Olympics and served as the Olympic flag bearer for San Marino, as he was its only competitor at both games.
References
1987 births
Living people
Sammarinese male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of San Marino
Alpine skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Martin Dirk Muller (born 23 March 1988) is a South African rugby union player, played with Hong Kong Premiership side Valley RFC. His regular playing position is lock.
Career
He represented at youth level and made his debut for them during the 2009 Vodacom Cup, coming on as a substitute in their match against the . Less than two months after his first class debut, he also played his first Super Rugby matches for the in their match against the .
In 2010, he moved to Kimberley to join . After just one appearance, he was included in the Super Rugby team and made eleven appearances for them. He joined the at the start of 2013, but suffered a groin injury and never made an appearance for them.
After it was initially announced that he would join Welsh team Newport Gwent Dragons for 2013–14, the deal fell through and he linked up with the prior to the 2013 Currie Cup Premier Division instead. He didn't recover from injury to feature for them in 2013, but he did make his debut for the in the 2014 Vodacom Cup. After two appearances in that competition, he was elevated to the Super Rugby side, making five appearances during the 2014 season.
Despite media sources reporting that he signed for French side for the 2014–2015 season, Muller remained in Johannesburg and appeared in ten of the ' matches of the 2014 Currie Cup Premier Division, including playing in the 2014 Currie Cup.
References
External links
itsrugby.co.uk profile
Living people
1988 births
South African rugby union players
Rugby union players from Cape Town
Rugby union locks
Griquas (rugby union) players
Western Province (rugby union) players
Stormers players
Cheetahs (rugby union) players
Lions (United Rugby Championship) players
Golden Lions players
South Africa Under-20 international rugby union players
Barbarian F.C. players
Valley RFC players
Vladimir Cruz Marrero (born 26 July 1965) is a Cuban actor, screenwriter, playwright, film and theatre director. He is perhaps best known for his role in the film Strawberry and Chocolate (1994).
Career
Cruz made his acting debut on the stage as an amateur actor in 1981. He then began to study at the Instituto Superior de Arte in 1983 and graduated in 1988 with a licentiate degree in performing arts.
He became well-known for his supporting role in the film Strawberry and Chocolate (1994), which received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and many awards.
He also wrote plays and screenplays as well as directing plays and films, notably Afinidades (2010).
He has an extensive career in film, theater and television. He has recently appeared in the film Los buenos demonios (2018) and the television series Narcos: Mexico (2018), the former of which earned him the Silver Biznaga for Best Supporting Actor at the Málaga Spanish Film Festival.
Filmography
Director
2005: ¿Soy yo acaso el guardián de mi hermano?
2010: Afinidades (co-directed with Jorge Perugorría)
Screenwriter
2005: ¿Soy yo acaso el guardián de mi hermano?
2010: Afinidades
Actor
1987: Capablanca
1987: Hoy como ayer
1990: La botija (1 episode - "Teo joven") (TV series)
1994: Fresa y chocolate a.k.a. Strawberry and Chocolate as David
1995: ¡Ay, Señor, Señor! (1 episode - "Cuestión de huevos") (TV series)
1996: Turno de oficio: Diez años después (2 episades as Javier -- "Cabos atados", parts 1 and 2) (TV series)
1997: Cuba libre - velocipedi ai tropici as Carlos
1997: La deuda as Hildebrando Cardona, the groom
1997: Little Tropikana
1998: La rumbera
1998: La noche por delante (1 episode) (TV series)
1998: A las once en casa (1 episode as Fidel in "De mal en peor") (TV series)
2000: Un paraíso bajo las estrellas as Sergito
2000: The Waiting List as Emilio
2000: El comisario (1 episode—24 Horas") (TV series)
2001: Policías, en el corazón de la calle as Samuel Noriega (8 episodes) (TV series)
2003: De colores (TV movie)
2003: Viva Sapato! as Carlos
2003: Arcibel's Game as Arata
2004: Aquí no hay quien viva as Samuel (1 episode - "Érase un matrimonio de conveniencia") (TV series)
2005: ...al fin, el mar as Pablo
2005: ¿Soy yo acaso el guardián de mi hermano?
2006: The Wooden Box as Jorge
2006: La dársena de poniente as Martín (13 episodes) (TV series)
2008: Che -- as Ramiro Valdés Menéndez in Part One
2008: La mala as Chucho
2008: Horn of Plenty as Jacinto
2010: Afinidades2011: Las razones del corazón as Nicolás
2012: 7 días en La Habana (post-production)
2014: La ignorancia de la sangreShorts
1999: Muertesita, una historia de amor as Vincent (short)
2004: Marco línea perdida (short)
2005: Civilizados (short)
2010: La ventaja del Sicario as Sicario (short)
Theatre
Actor
1986: S.O.S, una situación terriblemente delicada, written by Jan Solovic and directed by Maria Elena Ortega
1988: El Alma buena de Tsé Chuang, written by Bertolt Brecht and directed by Maria Elena Ortega
1989: Accidente, written by Roberto Orihuela and directed by Carlos Pérez Peña.
1990: Tu parte de Culpa, written by Senel Paz and directed by Carlos Pérez Peña
1990: Calle Cuba nª 80 bajo la lluvia, written by Rafael González and directed by Carlos Pérez Peña
1991: Contar y Cantar, written by Onelio Jorge Cardoso and directed by Sergio González
1991: Fabriles, written by Reinaldo Montero and directed by Carlos Pérez Peña
1993: Asudiansam, written and directed by Ricardo Muñoz Caravaca
1994: A la vuela, vuela... año 1900 tanto, written and directed by Ricardo Muñoz Caravaca
1995: No le digas que la quieres, written by Senel Paz and directed by Vladimir Cruz
1995: El espejo en el espejo, written by Michael Ende and directed by Vladimir Cruz
1996: Fresa y Chocolate (I), written by Senel Paz and directed by Hugo Medrano
1998: Fresa y Chocolate (II), written by Senel Paz and directed by Carlos Díaz
2000: Hoy no puedo ir a trabajar porque estoy enamorado, written by Iñigo Ramírez de Haro and directed by Natalia Menéndez
2001: La Historia del Soldado, written by Stravinski-Ramuz and directed by José Luis García Sánchez
2003: El sueño de una noche de verano, written by William Shakespeare, directed by Miguel Narros
2004: Tirano banderas, written by Valle-Inclán and directed by Nieves Gámez
2006: Huis clos (sin salida), written by Jean-Paul Sartre, directed by Tony Suárez
2007: La divina filotea (auto sacramental), written by Calderón de la Barca, directed by Pedro Mari Sánchez
2009: Don Juan Tenorio, written by José Zorrilla, directed by Jesús Prieto
2009: Fuenteovejuna, written by Lope de Vega, directed by Liuba Cid
Awards
Wins
1994: Won Golden Kikito for category "Best actor" at Gramado Film Festival for his role as David in Fresa y chocolate (joint award with Jorge Perugorría)
1994: Won UNEAC Award of "Best actor in a film" by Unión Nacional de Escritores y Artistas de Cuba
1994: Won Panambí Award as "best actor" at the Festival de Asunción (Paraguay)
1995: Won for category "Cinema - Best Supporting Actor" at Premios ACE for his role in Fresa y chocolate as David
2009: Won Special Jury Award for his role in Horn of Plenty as Jacinto at Mar del Plata Film Festival (joint with 8 other cast members)
Nominations
2008: Nominated for category "Supporting Performance, Male" at the Spanish Actors Union Awards
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
People from Placetas
Cuban male film actors
Cuban male stage actors
20th-century Cuban male actors
21st-century Cuban male actors
Instituto Superior de Arte alumni
Essor-Préchotain is a football club of Martinique, based in the northwestern town Le Prêcheur.
They play in the Martinique's first division, the Martinique Championnat National.
External links
2007/08 Club info – Antilles-Foot
Club info – French Football Federation
Football clubs in Martinique
Brindisi Montagna, also spelled Brindisi di Montagna (Lucano: ) is an Arbëreshë town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Geography
The municipality borders with Albano di Lucania, Anzi, Potenza, Tricarico (MT), Trivigno and Vaglio Basilicata.
References
External links
Arbëresh settlements
Cities and towns in Basilicata
is a yaoi Japanese novel series that has had a manga, an anime Original Video Animation, and a live-action film based on it. The novels are written by Kō Akizuki, and feature an amateur orchestra, its concertmaster and its conductor. Tounoin Kei, a musical genius who has studied extensively in the area of conducting, falls in love with violinist and music teacher, Morimura Yuuki. Morimura also acts as concertmaster for the amateur orchestra that meets three times a week at the Fujimi Civic Center. Morimura is in love with Kawashima Natsuko, a female flutist in the orchestra, but Kawashima falls for Tounoin when he joins as the group's new conductor in order to get closer to Morimura. The unfolding relationships serve as the bases of the stories.
Plot
Fujimi Orchestra is primarily about Tounoin and Morimura's romance, but also follows their musical careers. After being berated by Tounoin time and again, Morimura says he wants to quit the orchestra. To prevent this, Tounoin steals his violin and leads him to his house, where he forces himself on the violinist. Upon realizing that the encounter is Morimura's first time with a male lover, he is remorseful and confesses his love, telling him that Kawashima does not love him. With emotions overwhelming him, Morimura flees, but slips down a flight of wet stairs. Tounoin nurses the injured violist back to health, proving his devotion is genuine. In the end, Morimura stays with Fujimi Orchestra despite Tounoin's continued pressure to improve his playing while surreptitiously pursuing the man behind closed doors.
Media
The novels are published by Kadokawa Ruby Bunko, a publishing company which specializes in Boy's Love titles. The first 16 novels and 3 additional character books were illustrated by Nishi Keiko, while all those that have been released since have been illustrated by Sei Goto. The first and fourth stories in the series were made into a manga which was illustrated by Goto.
The series also has a number of audio drama and musical accompaniment CDs released by Sony Music (Liner Notes Music) and June Collections.
The series also had an Original Video Animation made for it entitled Cold Front - The Storm After the Rain, which featured the first story (entitled Cold Front Conductor in the novel), in which Kei and Yuuki meet and events are set into motion. The OVA is actually from Morimura's perspective (as are the novels and the majority of the drama CDs), and is set after things have begun, so Yuuki explains the situation in retrospect.
Voice actors
Yuuki Morimura : Ryōtarō Okiayu, Ryō Horikawa and Sōichirō Hoshi.
Kei Tounoin : Yasunori Masutani, Kunihiko Yasui, Ken Narita, and in a doujinshi CD, by Toshiyuki Morikawa.
Natsuko Kawashima : Masako Katsuki
Kento Igarashi : Akira Ishida
Kunimitsu Ishida : Hideyuki Umezu
Takane Ikushima : Kazuki Yao
Sora Yasokawa : Kappei Yamaguchi
Soundtrack music
The sound track of Fujimi Orchestra is composed primarily of european classical music. The soundtracks include music from a number of composers including, among others, Wagner, Mozart, Bach, Beethoven, Vivaldi, Mendelssohn, and Brahms.
All original music composed for Fujimi Orchestra is written by and is released on CD by Sony Music.
References
External links
Novel series website
Cold Front Conductor website
1994 Japanese novels
1994 manga
1998 anime OVAs
Drama anime and manga
Kadokawa Shoten manga
Kadokawa Dwango franchises
Music in anime and manga
Yaoi anime and manga
Confessions of a Knife... is the second studio album by the band My Life with the Thrill Kill Kult. The album was released in 1990 on CD, LP, and cassette by WaxTrax!. The 1990 CD release had one extra track, "Do You Fear (The Inferno Express?)". The album was reissued by Rykodisc in 2004 with three additional tracks.
Track listing
The 2004 reissue omits bonus track #11 "Do You Fear (The Inferno Express?)" from the original 1990 release. It is replaced by "Waiting for Mommie (JB's Blackjack Mix)".
The song "Confessions of a Knife (Theme Part 2)" features multiple audio samples of dialogue from George A. Romero's Day of the Dead.
The song "A Daisy Chain 4 Satan (Acid & Flowerz Mix)" features multiple audio samples from a 1967 radio program entitled A Child, Again presented by the WNEW Radio News and Public Affairs Department, in which Steve Young interviewed a young woman named Marcy who described her life as a hippie.
References
External links
My Life with the Thrill Kill Kult albums
1990 albums
The Show Low Unified School District (SLUSD) is the school district for Show Low, Arizona. The superintendent is Shad Housley.
History
In 2013 the district leadership asked voters to approve an "override" of 10% of its budget, $1.2 million. The measure failed, with 1,746 of 2,810 (63%) voters rejecting it. 1,064 (38%) voters had approved of the measure.
Demographics
As of 2019, there were 139 total teachers, principals, and other school leaders and 2,509 students currently enrolled in the district with enrollment listed at 100%. Of the 139 teachers, principals, and other school leaders, 24 (17.3%) are listed as inexperienced in the field and 137 of 139 are title 1 certified.
The racial makeup of the students, in 2019, was 74.9% White, 17.5% Hispanic, 3.8% Native American, 2.3% Multiple Races, 0.8% Asian, and 0.6% African American. The four-year graduation rate within the first 4 years of enrolling in high school was 83.8%. Graduation rates were broken down to: 81.2% Male, 86.6% Female, 82.4% Hispanic, 82.3% Low SES, 75.7% Special Education, and 86.6% White. In 2019, reports indicate 0 students were enrolled in at least one advanced placement course, 0 students with chronic absenteeism, 13 indents of violence and 17 students reported as harassed or bullied based on sex, race, color, national origin or disability.
Academics
In the fiscal year 2019, the Arizona Department of Education published an annual achievement profile for every public school in the state based on an A through F scale. Linden Elementary received an "A" while Nikolaus Homestead and Show Low High School jointly received a "B", and Show Low Junior High received a "C". Whipple Ranch and White Mountain Institute were not rated by the organization. Scores were based on "year to year student academic growth, proficiency on English language arts, math and science, the proficiency and academic growth of English language learners, indicators that an elementary student is ready for success in high school and that high school students are ready to succeed in a career or higher education and high school graduation rates".
The United States national nonprofit organization, GreatSchools, gives the following school ratings: Linden Elementary 6/10 (about average), Nikolaus Homestead 5/10 (about average), Show Low Junior High 5/10 (about average), Show Low High School 5/10 (about average), and White Mountain Institute 2/10 (below average). Whipple Ranch was not rated by the organization. The organization gives Show Low High School a 5/10 for "Academic progress", 4/10 for "College readiness", 6/10 for standardized "test scores", and 3/10 "equity" (disadvantaged students at this school may be falling behind).
Schools
Secondary schools
Show Low High School
Show Low Junior High School
Elementary schools
Linden
Nikolaus Homestead
Whipple Ranch
The district also includes White Mountain Institute, an online school.
References
External links
School district website
School districts in Navajo County, Arizona
Show Low, Arizona
Mohan Kumar Raja (born 14 December 1996) is an Indian sprinter who was part of India's six-member 4 × 400 metres relay team at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
Rio Olympics 2016
1996 births
Living people
Indian male sprinters
Athletes from Tamil Nadu
Sportspeople from Chennai
The NCL or National Conference League Division One (known as the Kingstone Press NCL Division One) is the secondary British amateur rugby league competition in the Rugby Football League pyramid.
Results
League Winners
2019 Teams
Pilkington Recs,
York Acorn,
Feastherston lions,
Milford rlfc,
Stanningley rlfc,
Wigan St Patricks,
Myton Warriors,
Oulton Raiders,
Skirlaugh A.R.L.F.C.,
Saddleworth Rangers,
Normanton Knights,
Dewsbury Moor,
Sponsorship
The National Conference League (known as the Kingstone Press National Conference League for sponsorship reasons)
References
1
1989 establishments in England
Sport leagues established in 1989
Fiona Mary Robinson (born 7 February 1969) is an Australian former professional basketball player. She played 10 seasons in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL) and five seasons in the State Basketball League (SBL). She was a member of the Australia women's national basketball team that won the bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. Four years later, at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, she was a member of the women's national handball team.
Professional career
Robinson was a state representative for her native Western Australia as a junior before accepting a scholarship to attend the Australian Institute of Sport from 1985 to 1987, where she played for the program's WNBL team. She later accepted a scholarship to attend Southwest Texas State University and represented Australia in basketball at the 1987 Summer Universiade in Zagreb.
In 1988, she played for the Perth Breakers in the WNBL. After winning the SBL MVP with the Stirling Senators in 1990, she played for the Breakers again in 1991. She also continued on with the Senators in 1991, 1992, 1993 and 1994, where she won her second SBL MVP in 1992. She played her third, fourth and fifth seasons with the Perth Breakers from 1993–95, before moving to Canberra and playing for the Canberra Capitals in 1996 and 1997. She subsequently moved to Europe and played in Spain and Austria.
Personal life
For a period in the early 1990s, Robinson was known as Fiona Massara. Her surname returned to Robinson in the mid-1990s, later changing again to Fiona Hannan after marrying Andy Hannan. The two met in Canberra while she was playing for the Capitals and Andy was at the Australian Defence Force Academy. Their daughter, Ashlee Hannan, was inline to play college basketball in the United States for the University of Texas in 2019–20 but she never debuted.
References
External links
Sports-Reference profile
1969 births
Living people
Australian women's basketball players
Australian female handball players
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of Australia
Olympic handball players of Australia
Olympic bronze medalists for Australia
People from Perth, Western Australia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Perth Lynx players
Australian Institute of Sport basketball (WNBL) players
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Alzheimer's Research UK (ARUK) is a dementia research charity in the United Kingdom, founded in 1992 as the Alzheimer's Research Trust.
ARUK funds scientific studies to find ways to treat, cure or prevent all forms of dementia, including Alzheimer's disease, vascular dementia, dementia with Lewy bodies and frontotemporal dementia.
As of 2019, Alzheimer's Research UK has funded 139 research projects across the UK and internationally, and has committed more than £117 million to dementia research.
Alzheimer's Research UK is a member of the Association of Medical Research Charities.
History
In 1998, the trust awarded its first major grant of £500,000 to a team led by distinguished scientist Dr Michel Goedert in Cambridge. At that time the charity funded over 100 grants all over the UK at a cost of more than £11 million.
In March 2008, author Terry Pratchett, who had the disease, donated one million US dollars to the trust.
In 2009 Alzheimer's Research Trust scientists discovered two new genes related to Alzheimer's. Over 16,000 people took part in this study. Time magazine wrote that the findings were one of the most important medical discoveries of the year.
In February 2010, the Alzheimer's Research Trust released the Dementia 2010 report, revealing new evidence of the prevalence, economic cost and research funding for dementia and other major conditions.
In February 2011 Alzheimer's Research Trust was renamed as Alzheimer's Research UK.
In 2016, Alzheimer's Research UK became a founding funder of the UK Dementia Research Institute, a £290 million joint investment with the Medical Research Council and Alzheimer's Society.
In 2017, former Prime Minister David Cameron was appointed president of Alzheimer's Research UK.
Alzheimer's Research UK and Alzheimer's Society were the joint Charity of the Year for the 2019 Virgin Money London Marathon. The Dementia Revolution campaign raised £4 million, supporting research at the UK Dementia Research Institute.
The charity reported a total income of £38.5m for the 12-month period ending March 2019, £36.7m of which was income from donations.
References
External links
Alzheimer's and dementia organizations
Health charities in the United Kingdom
Mental health organisations in the United Kingdom
Organisations based in Cambridgeshire
Science and technology in Cambridgeshire
South Cambridgeshire District
1992 establishments in the United Kingdom
Hammond House may refer to:
in Canada
Hammond House (Sackville, New Brunswick), one of Canada's National Historic Sites in New Brunswick
in the United States
(by state then city)
Mary Alice Hammond House, Searcy, Arkansas, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in White County, Arkansas
Hammond's Estate Site, Santa Barbara, California, NRHP-listed in Santa Barbara County
Captain Hammond House, White City, Florida, NRHP-listed in St. Lucie County
Fort-Hammond-Willis House, Milledgeville, Georgia, NRHP-listed in Baldwin County
Edward J. Hammond Hall, Winter Harbor, Maine, NRHP-listed in Hancock County
Hammond-Harwood House, Annapolis, Maryland, NRHP-listed
Benson-Hammond House, Linthicum Heights, Maryland, NRHP-listed
Hammond House (Newton, Massachusetts), NRHP-listed
E. C. Hammond House, Newton, Massachusetts, NRHP-listed
Ephraim Hammond House, Waltham, Massachusetts, NRHP-listed
Jonathan Hammond House, Waltham, Massachusetts, NRHP-listed in Massachusetts
Hammond House (Hawthorne, New York), NRHP-listed in Westchester County
John Henry Hammond House, New York, New York, which houses the Consulate-General of Russia in New York City
Moses Hammond House, Archdale, North Carolina, NRHP-listed in Randolph County
Boggan-Hammond House and Alexander Little Wing, Wadesboro, North Carolina, NRHP-listed in Anson County
Charles Hammond House, North Augusta, South Carolina, NRHP-listed in Aiken County
Hammond House (Calvert, Texas), NRHP-listed in Robertson County
See also
Camp Hammond (Yarmouth, Maine), NRHP-listed
A mobile content delivery network or mobile content distribution network (Mobile CDN) is a network of servers - systems, computers or devices - that cooperate transparently to optimize the delivery of content to end users on any type of wireless or mobile network. Like traditional CDNs, the primary purpose of a Mobile CDN is to serve content to end users with high availability and high performance. In addition, Mobile CDNs can be used to optimize content delivery for the unique characteristics of wireless networks and mobile devices, such as limited network capacity, or lower device resolution. Added intelligence around device detection, content adaptation can help address challenges inherent to mobile networks which have high latency, higher packet loss and huge variation in download capacity.
Technology
Mobile CDNs should integrate mobile delivery services that optimize the delivery of any kind of content including live video streaming, on demand video and the delivery of other content assets. In the case of video content, these services include device detection, image rendering, video transcoding and bit-rate adaptation. For the optimization of the delivery of other content, mobile CDNs use technologies such as caching.
With currently available mobile CDN solutions, nodes are deployed at the edge of the network and in multiple locations, often over multiple backbones directly connected or peered with Mobile Network Operators (MNOs). These nodes cooperate with each other to satisfy requests for content by end users, transparently moving content to optimize the delivery process. The benefits of optimization can take the form of reduced bandwidth usage, improved end-user performance, or increased global availability of content over a mobile network.
Industry experts speculate whether mobile CDNs will take off due to technical and market issues. CDNs are important for mobile operators as they can lead to significant savings and avoid network congestion. However, a number of network-centric alternatives have been proposed including Fast Dormancy, increasing bandwidth capacity with upgrades to 4G/LTE, and offloading traffic to other networks such as Wi-Fi.
There is an increasing need to support mobile App performance beyond just mobile content delivery to the browser. For this reason, certain mobile CDNs, such as Neumob or Twin Prime, have moved beyond the browser and specialize in accelerating mobile apps. That is an important progression for a mobile CDN, as users are increasingly moving away from digesting content on desktops and are migrating to mobile device usage which is a combination of Mobile WEB and Mobile Apps. The challenge of consistent user experience across desktop, mobile device both mobile App and mobile WEB are critical.
Commercial Mobile CDN's
Neumob
Twin Prime (purchased by Salesforce in December 2016)
Instart Logic
References
External links
Cotendo Mobile Acceleration Suite Whitepaper
Cotendo Website
Mobile CDN home page
Mobile CDN partner with Orb launch NBA live iphone streaming application
Mobile CDN launch first iPhone live streaming services
MileWEB presents at CDNSummit 2014
Mobile telecommunications
Najand Institute of Higher Education is a public university located in Urmia, West Azerbaijan, Iran. Najand offers bachelor's degree and associate degrees in engineering and basic sciences. In 2010 Najand started operations with approximately 200 students; in 2012 enrolment had reached 600 students.
Universities in Iran
2010 establishments in Iran
Education in Urmia
Buildings and structures in Urmia
Trinidad de la Noi Gutierrez (born April 24, 1998) is a Chilean model and actress and winner of the contest Elite Model Look Chile 2012.
Life
Born in Santiago de Chile, she is the daughter of Alberto de la Noi and Carmen Gutierrez, and has a twin brother, Lucas.
At twelve years old, Trinidad was discovered by a modeling agent of Felipe Ramirez when she was in a mall. As she was very young, she was signed by the agency Elite Model but had to wait until the age of fourteen to enter.
Elite Model Look Chile
In August 2012, she won the Elite agency contest to find the best model in Chile, and that same year participated in the World Elite contest that was held in Shanghai, China, and was 1st runner-up.
She was signed for several campaigns for major sports firms including Adidas and the magazine Women's Health. While still a teenager and still studying, Trinidad travelled to Europe during her vacations to work, at fifteen she did her first show at the Milan Fashion Week, where she paraded for signature Dolce & Gabbana, and her first international campaign, to the prestigious La Perla.
Trinidad has modeled for the following international companies: Tommy Hilfiger, Armani, Vogue Italia, La Perla and Dolce & Gabbana. She has also made appearances in magazines like Women's health and Elle.
Filmography
(2014)
See also: Maldito amor#Steffi, Trini & Kel cover
References
External links
Trinidad de la Noi at Elite Model Management Chile
1998 births
Chilean female models
Chilean people of French descent
Living people
21st-century Chilean women
Stegea simplicialis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Arizona and Texas.
The length of the forewings is 6–9 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.
References
Moths described in 1907
Glaphyriinae
SC Prometei Dniprodzerzhynsk was a Soviet football club from Dniprodzerzhynsk, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast. The club was founded in 1947 and participated in the Soviet competition until 1970.
History
The club was founded in 1947 as Traktor Dniprodzerzhynsk under the patronage of a secretive Soviet Factory of Slag Fertilizers, a part of the Soviet Defense Industry Complex. The club entered regional competitions of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast in 1951. In 1952 Traktor entered the republican stage and after being promoted to upper league changed its name to Khimik. From 1957 to 1970 the club competed in the Soviet Class B championship (analogous with a third level of league system). In 1962 Khimik changed its name to Dnieprovets and in 1967 - to Prometei. In 1970 the extra funding for the club from the city authorities ended and the club withdrew from the professional ranks. Being sponsored by the factory only (by then renamed as Trans-Dnieper Chemical Plant), the club continued to play in the city championship and only rarely participated in the regional competitions.
In 2007 the Trans-Dnieper Chemical Plant was officially announced bankrupt.
League and Cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|}
See also
FC Prometei Dniprodzerzhynsk
FC Stal Kamianske
References
External links
Над Днепропетровщиной нависла радиоактивная угроза (Over the Dnipropetrovsk Oblast has overhung a radioactive threat)
Радиационное загрязнение в результате деятельности производственного объединения «Приднепровский химический завод» (ПХЗ) г. Днепродзержинска (Radioactive pollution as the result of activity of the industrial association "Trans-Dnieper Chamical Plant" of Dniprodzerzhynsk city)
О радиации в Украине (About radiation in Ukraine)
Defunct football clubs in Ukraine
Defunct football clubs in the Soviet Union
Football clubs in Kamianske
Association football clubs established in 1947
Association football clubs disestablished in 1970
1947 establishments in Ukraine
1970 disestablishments in Ukraine
was a prolific Japanese manga writer (gensakusha), novelist, screenwriter, lyricist and entrepreneur. He is best known for his violent, artful seinen manga, notably Lone Wolf and Cub (with Goseki Kojima, 1970–6), Lady Snowblood (with Kazuo Kamimura, 1972–3) and Crying Freeman (with Ryoichi Ikegami, 1986–8), which – along with their numerous media adaptations − have been credited for their influence on the international growth of Japanese popular culture.
Career
Early in Koike's career, he studied under Golgo 13 creator Takao Saito and served as a writer on the series.
Koike, along with artist Goseki Kojima, made the manga Kozure Okami (Lone Wolf and Cub), and Koike also contributed to the scripts for the 1970s film adaptations of the series, which starred famous Japanese actor Tomisaburo Wakayama. In 1992 he himself produced a Lone Wolf and Cub's film Lone Wolf and Cub: Final Conflict which starred Masakazu Tamura. Koike and Kojima became known as the "Golden Duo" because of the success of Lone Wolf and Cub.
Another series written by Koike, Crying Freeman, which was illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami, was adapted into a 1995 live-action film by French director Christophe Gans. In addition to his more violent, action-oriented manga, Koike, an avid golfer, has also written golf manga. He has also written mahjong manga, as he himself is a former professional mahjong player.
In the early 2000s, he wrote a Wolverine story for Marvel. In 2011, Koike announced his intention to write a magical girl manga series titled Maho Shojo Mimitsuki Mimi no QED.
Koike started the Gekiga Sonjuku, a college course meant to teach people how to be a manga artist.
Death
On April 17, 2019, Kazuo Koike died due to pneumonia at the age of 82. His death happened just five days after the death of the fellow prolific manga author Monkey Punch on April 11, who also died of pneumonia and who Koike considered his rival in the Weekly Manga Action magazine.
Graduates of Koike's Gekiga Sonjuku
Rumiko Takahashi – manga artist: Urusei Yatsura, Ranma ½, InuYasha etc.
Akira Sakuma – game designer, freelance writer: Momotaro Densetsu series
Hideyuki Kikuchi – horror writer: Vampire Hunter D
Tetsuo Hara – manga artist: Fist of the North Star
Yuji Horii – game designer, freelance writer: Dragon Quest series
Keisuke Itagaki – manga artist: Baki the Grappler
Naoki Yamamoto – manga artist: Dance till Tomorrow
Takayuki Yamaguchi – manga artist: Apocalypse Zero and Shigurui.
Bibliography
Lone Wolf and Cub, with artist Goseki Kojima, 1970–1976
Hulk: The Manga, with artist Yoshihiro Morifuji, November 24, 1970 – January 6, 1971
Lady Snowblood, with artist Kazuo Kamimura, 1972–1973
Samurai Executioner, with artist Goseki Kojima, 1972–1976
The script to the film Lady Snowblood, 1973
Adolescent Zoo, with artist Hiromi Yamasaki, 1978–1981
Nijitte Monogatari, with artist , 1978–2003
Path of the Assassin, with artist Goseki Kojima, 1978–1984
Hanappe Bazooka, with artist Go Nagai, June 7, 1979 – January 7, 1982
Wounded Man, with artist Ryoichi Ikegami, 1983–1986
Mad Bull 34, with artist Noriyoshi Inoue, 1985–1991
Crying Freeman, with artist Ryoichi Ikegami, 1986–1988
Kawaite sōrō, with artist Goseki Kojima, 1995–1999
X-Men Unlimited #50, 2003
Kajō, with artist Hideki Mori, 2003–2006
New Lone Wolf and Cub (Shin Kozure Okami), with artist Hideki Mori, 2003–2006
Yume Genji Tsurugi no Saimon, with artist Natsuki Sumeragi, 2006–?
Shura Yukihime Gaiden, with artist Ryoichi Ikegami, 2009–?
Oda Nobunaga, with artist Goseki Kojima, ?-?
Offered, with artist Ryoichi Ikegami, ?-?
Color of Rage, with artist Seisaku Kano, ?-?
Goyokiba, with artist Takeshi Kanda, ?-?
Awards
2004: Won the Hall of Fame Eisner Award
Notes
References
External links
Macias, Patrick (June 2008). . Manga Hell! Archived via the Wayback Machine. Retrieved October 3, 2013.
1936 births
2019 deaths
People from Daisen, Akita
Writers from Akita Prefecture
Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame inductees
Manga writers
Gekiga creators
Mouse Trap Hotel is an action video game for the Nintendo Game Boy. It is loosely based on Milton Bradley's board game Mouse Trap.
Summary
The object of this game is to take Maxie the Mouse as he tries to visit his girlfriend. Unfortunately, she is located in a penthouse while Maxie dwells in the basement. By finding the exit in each level, he draws closer to being with his girlfriend. Side-scrolling segments with some vertical elements are an expected part of the game. Getting hit by mousetraps and enemies causes Maxie to lose his energy. As expected with most platform games, getting hit too frequently causes the player to lose a life. Maxie's tail comes in handy when it comes to destroying enemies.
Each floor has its own obstacles; which range from mattress springs in the bedroom to dancing legs at the ballroom. Players must ride an elevator to each new floor where dangers constantly lurk about in places like the kitchen and the gymnasium.
Reception
References
1992 video games
Electro Brain games
Game Boy games
Game Boy-only games
Imagineering (company) games
North America-exclusive video games
Platform games
Side-scrolling video games
Video games about mice and rats
Video games developed in the United States
Video games scored by Mark Van Hecke
Video games set in hotels
The Future of Islam is a nonfiction book by English poet and author Wilfrid Scawen Blunt. It was originally published in 1882. It explores many aspects of Islamic politics and the Ottoman Empire at that time.
References
External links
Amazon page for "The Future of Islam"
Goodreads page for "The Future of Islam"
Books about Islam and society
1882 books
Llanfflewyn is a village in the community of Mechell, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 141.9 miles (228.3 km) from Cardiff and 224.1 miles (360.6 km) from London. St Fflewin's Church, Llanfflewin is located here.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
The Medicine Bow Mountains are a mountain range in the Rocky Mountains that extend from northern Colorado into southern Wyoming. The northern extent of this range is the sub-range the Snowy Range. From the northern end of Colorado's Never Summer Mountains, the Medicine Bow mountains extend north from Cameron Pass along the border between Larimer and Jackson counties in Colorado and northward into south central Wyoming. In Wyoming, the range sits west of Laramie, in Albany and Carbon counties to the route of the Union Pacific Railroad and U.S. Interstate 80. The mountains often serve as a symbol for the city of Laramie. The range is home to Snowy Range Ski Area.
The highest peak in the range is Clark Peak (), located in the Rawah Wilderness along the southern end of the range in Northern Colorado. Much of the range is located within the Medicine Bow National Forest in Wyoming. The highest peak on the Wyoming side is Medicine Bow Peak (). The range is drained along the western flank by the Michigan and Canadian rivers, tributaries of the North Platte in North Park. On its eastern flank it is drained by the Laramie River, another tributary of the North Platte.
Geology
The Medicine Bow Mountains resulted from continental compression during the Laramide Orogeny. Beginning about 70 million years ago, the Rockies began uplifting along thrust faults that broke up the Precambrian granite of Earth's crust. By 50 million years ago, all of Wyoming's major mountain ranges were elevated and the major basins defined. Rocks exposed along the flanks and peaks of the Medicine Bow Mountains span the Precambrian to modern, with the peaks composed of 2.4-2.0 billion year old Medicine Peak Quartzite. This rock was once a shallow marine sand deposit that has since been compressed and heated during burial, forming the metamorphic rock, quartzite. What may be traces of multicellular animals are preserved in this rock, making it of particular interest to paleontologists.
The Cheyenne belt, the 1.78–1.74 billion year old suture between the Wyoming craton and the Yavapai province that formed as North America was assembled, is exposed in the Medicine Bow Mountains.
Fauna
Wildlife abounds in these mountains, with mule deer, elk, moose, black bear, mountain lions, coyotes, marmots, pika, Richardson's ground squirrels, bobcats, and lynx as well as a tremendous variety of birds. Brook and rainbow trout as well as grayling and golden trout are found in the streams. A disjunct population of arctic fairy shrimp (Brachinecta paludosa) has been documented in a few lakes in the northern part of the range.
Research
Since 1987, the Glacier Lakes area of the Snowy Range has been home to the Glacier Lakes Ecosystem Experiments Site (GLEES), a field unit of the Rocky Mountain Research Station, United States Forest Service. Areas of scientific inquiry at the site include atmospheric pollutant deposition, forest carbon and water vapor cycling, effect of insect outbreaks, and alpine lake and stream hydrology. The site is 642 ha in extent and hosts facilities for the National Atmospheric Deposition Program (NADP), the National Dry Deposition Network (NDDN) and AmeriFlux (Eddy covariance).
Airline crash
This mountain range is also home to some of the remains of a Douglas DC-4 aircraft, operated as United Airlines Flight 409. The aircraft crashed into Medicine Bow Peak on October 6, 1955, killing all 66 people on board.
See also
Mountain ranges of Colorado
Mountain ranges of Wyoming
References
External links
Medicine Bow Mountains @ Peakbagger
Medicine Bow Mountains on summitpost.org
Snowy Range info page on summitpost.org
Snowy Range photo album on summitpost.org
Roadless Area Descriptions from Biodiversity Conservation Alliance
Ranges of the Rocky Mountains
Mountain ranges of Colorado
Mountain ranges of Wyoming
Landforms of Larimer County, Colorado
Landforms of Jackson County, Colorado
Landforms of Albany County, Wyoming
Landforms of Carbon County, Wyoming
The following is a partial list of notable Utah State University faculty, past and present. Utah State University is located in Logan, Utah, and currently employs more than 800 faculty in seven colleges and schools. This list does not contain the names of presidents or alumni of the university, unless they also happen to fall into the faculty category.
Notable faculty and staff
Leon Anderson, Professor Emeritus of Sociology
Leonard J. Arrington, "father of Mormon history"
Michael Ballam, tenor
Philip Barlow, world's first full-time professor of Mormon studies at a secular university
Ken Brewer, poet
George Dewey Clyde, Governor of Utah
Christopher Cokinos, poet and nonfiction writer
Richard P. Condie, Grammy-winning former director of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir
Stephen R. Covey, management scholar and author
Spencer Cox, Governor of Utah
Hugo de Garis, artificial intelligence researcher
Lee Frischknecht, former president of National Public Radio
Fry Street Quartet, musicians
Maura Hagan, physicist, member of the National Academy of Sciences
Craig Jessop, former director of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir
Don L. Lind, NASA astronaut; member of "The Original 19"
Stew Morrill, former head men's basketball coach; over 500 wins in 23 seasons
David Peak, physicist; mentored 1 Rhodes and 7 Goldwater Scholars; Utah Carnegie Professor of the Year
Donald W. Roberts, Research Professor Emeritus, Department of Biology
Alexa Sand, art historian
Joseph Tainter, anthropologist and historian
John A. Widtsoe, former member of the Quorum of Twelve Apostles of the LDS Church
References
Utah State University faculty
USU people
Johan Falk is a Swedish film series about a fictional police officer named Johan Falk, played by Jakob Eklund. It consists of 20 films that were released between 1999 and 2015. Fifteen of these films were released directly on DVD.
The last five films were shot in Gothenburg and Stockholm in the summer and autumn of 2014, and premiered in the summer of 2015.
List of films
The Trilogy (feature films)
Noll tolerans (1999) - Zero Tolerance
Livvakterna (2001) - Executive Protection
Tredje vågen (2003) - The Third Wave
Season 1
GSI - Gruppen för särskilda insatser (2009) - Special Operations Group
Vapenbröder (2009) - Brothers in Arms
National Target (2009)
Leo Gaut (2009)
Operation Näktergal (2009) - Operation Nightingale
De Fredlösa (2009) - The Outlawed
Season 2
Spelets Regler (2012) - Rules of the Game
De 107 Patrioterna (2012) - The 107 Patriots
Alla Råns Moder (2012) - Mother of All Robberies
Organizatsija Karayan (2012)
Barninfiltratören (2012) - The Child Infiltrator
Kodnamn Lisa (2012) - Codename Lisa
Season 3
Ur askan i elden (2015) - From the Ashes into the Fire
Tyst diplomati (2015) - Silent Diplomacy
Blodsdiamanter (2015) - Blood Diamonds
Lockdown (2015)
Slutet (2015) - The End
References
Further reading
Swedish Cops: From Sjöwall and Wahlöö to Stieg Larsson by Michael Tapper, Intellect Ltd (2014)
Scandinavian Crime Fictionedited by Paula Arvas and Andrew Nestingen, University of Wales Press (2011)
Hanteraren - verklighetens Johan Falk by Dick Sundevall, Lind & Company Förlag (2013)
External links
Johan Falk on IMDb
Så svek polisen verklighetens Frank Wagner
Action film series
Fictional police officers in films
Fictional Swedish police detectives
Crime film characters
Film characters introduced in 1999
Swedish film series
The Kona Gold Stakes is a Grade III American Thoroughbred horse race for fillies and mares that are three years old or older with allowance conditions, over a distance of six and one half furlongs on the dirt held annually in April at Santa Anita Park, Arcadia, California. The event currently carries a purse of $100,000.
History
The event was inaugurated on Wednesday, 2 March 1983 as the Potrero Grande Handicap for horses four year old and older and was won by Hi-Yu Stable's Washington State bred Chinook Pass who was ridden by US Hall of Fame jockey Laffit Pincay Jr. in a time of 1:14. Chinook Pass would continue on a superb season with several more wins on the Southern California circuit culminating him being crowned as U.S. Champion Sprint Horse for that year.
The event was named after Rancho Potrero Grande, a Mexican land grant in present-day Los Angeles County, California today located nearby in Rosemead and South El Monte, about 6 miles from Santa Anita Racetrack in Arcadia.
The event was upgraded to a Grade III in 1988. That year the event only attracted three starters with Gulch winning in an upset victory over the 1987 Breeders' Cup Sprint winner and 1/2 odds favorite Very Subtle by a length margin. Gulch won go on that year and win the Breeders' Cup Sprint and be crowned the U.S. Champion Sprint Horse.
With the seen quality of winners that were winning the American Graded Stakes Committee of the Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association upgraded the event to a Grade II in 1997.
Between 1996 and 2007, the Breeders' Cup sponsored the event which reflected in the name of the event.
The event was held on the Weather synthetic track between 2008 and 2010. On return to holding the event on the dirt track in 2011 the conditions of the event were modified from handicap to an allowance.
In 2015 the administration of the Los Angeles Turf Club rename the event to the Kona Gold Stakes in honor of the dual winner of the event (2000 and 2001) Kona Gold and third placegetter of the 2003 race. Kona Gold had an outstanding record at Santa Anita Park with many wins on the Southern California circuit. His most important win was in the 2000 Breeders' Cup Sprint which was vital in him being awarded the U.S. Champion Sprint Horse.
In 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, Santa Anita closed their track and the event was cancelled. In 2021 Cezanne defeated three other starters by a new record margin of lengths breaking a 31 year record that was set by Olympic Prospect in 1990 of seven lengths.
Other fine horses that have won this event and have gone on to win the Breeders' Cup Sprint later in their career include Cardmania, Lit de Justice and Amazombie. The 2002 winner Kalookan Queen is the only mare to have won the event.
Records
Speed record:
1:13.71 – Son Of A Pistol (1998)
Margins:
lengths – Cezanne (2021)
Most wins:
2 – Amazombie (2011, 2012)
2 – Kona Gold (2000, 2001)
Most wins by a jockey:
4 – Alex Solis (2000, 2001, 2002, 2006)
4 – Garrett K. Gomez (1998, 2005, 2010, 2013)
Most wins by a trainer:
6 – Bruce Headley (1986, 1998, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2006)
Most wins by an owner:
3 – Aase & Bruce Headley (2000, 2001, 2006)
Winners
Legend:
Notes:
§ Ran as part of an entry
See also
List of American and Canadian Graded races
References
Graded stakes races in the United States
Open sprint category horse races
Horse races in California
Recurring sporting events established in 1983
Santa Anita Park
1983 establishments in California
Grade 2 stakes races in the United States
Sports in Los Angeles County, California
Star Wolves (Russian: Звездные волки) is a real-time, futuristic video game developed by Russian video game developer X-bow Software combining role-playing and real-time tactics gameplay. It was first published in 2004 in Russia by 1C Company, and later in 2005 and 2006 in other parts of Europe and North America, respectively. A sequel, Star Wolves 2, was published in Russia in 2006 and in North America in 2007. Star Wolves 2: Civil War is the latest game in the series (in EU and NA regions it is known as Star Wolves 3: Civil War).
Gameplay
The game features a mix of role-playing and tactical elements, and is centered around controlling a mothership and small armada of fighter craft in real-time using the mouse in a manner very similar to Homeworld. Ships are piloted by characters whose skills advance as the game progresses. The player is able to select from a number of skill specializations for each character, making each character unique. Players can likewise customize each ship's armament and purchase new equipment on the open and black markets. At various times in the game, new characters will join the player's party so that the team becomes larger and more diverse.
Plot
The game is set in the future after mankind has journeyed into outer space and formed an interstellar empire. During the course of the game the Empire becomes threatened by an alien species as well as the huge mega-corporations that have grown to control more and more of people's lives. The player is tasked with forming a rag-tag band of mercenaries to take on missions for the various factions, as well playing his or her own hand in humanity's destiny.
Development
The game was originally envisioned as a turn-based successor to Homeworld, but continued development saw an increased focus on characters and the addition of the "Smart Pause" feature found in such games as Baldur's Gate.
Reception
Star Wolves' Metacritic score and MobyRank (two composite scores of professional video game reviews) are 61 and 73 as of January, 2009.
References
2004 video games
1C Company games
Tactical role-playing video games
Real-time tactics video games
Windows games
Windows-only games
Science fiction video games
Lua (programming language)-scripted video games
Video games developed in Russia
Space combat simulators
Shatabdi Wadud is a Bangladeshi film and television actor. He won Bangladesh National Film Award in Best Actor in a Negative Role for his role in the film Guerrilla (2011).
Career
In 1985 Wadud joined a drama club Artonad. He joined theatre troupe Theatre Centre in 1991 and Prachyanat in 1997. His debut performance in television was in Shonkito Podojatra.
Works
Films
Television
Sakin Sarisuri (2009-2010)
Bishaash (2010-2011)
Ice Cream (2013)
Trump Card (2013)
The Singing Teacher (2014)
Bodh (2015)
Daag (2017)
Chabial Reunion (2017)
Tin Pagoler Holo Mela (2017)
Oshomvabito: Unforeseen (2017)
Made in Bangladesh (2019)
Game Over (2019)
Eka (2020)
Troll (2020)
Mashrafe Junior (2021; Present)
Zindabahar (2022)
Web Series
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="background:#F5F5F5;"
! Year
! Title
! OTT
! Character
! Co-Artist
! Director
! Notes
|-
| 2017 || Feluda - Ghurgutiar Ghotona ||Bioscope || ||Parambrata Chatterjee, Riddhi Sen || ||
|-
| rowspan="2" | 2020 ||Ekattor ||Hoichoi||Prodip ||Tisha, Mithila, Iresh Zaker, Mostafizur Noor Imran, Tariq Anam Khan ||Tanim Noor ||
|-
| August 14 ||Binge ||Khaled || Tasnuva Tisha, Shahiduzzaman Selim, Monira Mithu, Tanvir, Shawon || Shihab Shaheen ||Binge Original Web Series
|-
| rowspan="3" | 2022 || Nikhoj||Chorki || ||Shilpi Sarkar Apu, Afsana Mimi, Intekhab Dinar, Shamol Mawla, Khairul Basar, Dipannita Martin, Orchita Sporshia ||Reehan Rahman ||
|-
| Syndicate||Chorki || Sohail ||||Shihab Shaheen ||
|-
| Karagar||Hoichoi || Father Alfred ||||Syed Ahmed Shawki ||
|}
Short film
Ekjon Telapoka'' (2020)
References
External links
Living people
Bangladeshi male film actors
Bangladeshi male stage actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
{{DISPLAYTITLE:BaSO4}}
The molecular formula BaSO4 (molar mass: 233.39 g/mol, exact mass: 233.8570 u) may refer to:
Barium sulfate
Baryte (or barite), a mineral made of barium sulfate
Inorganic molecular formulas
Ivanovice na Hané () is a town in Vyškov District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 2,900 inhabitants.
Administrative parts
The village of Chvalkovice na Hané is an administrative part of Ivanovice na Hané.
Geography
Ivanovice na Hané is located about northeast of Vyškov and northeast of Brno. It lies mostly in the Vyškov Gate. The Haná River flows through the town.
History
Ivanovice was founded in around 950. It first appeared in the written record in 1183 as a possession of the Knights Hospitaller. They gave it various privileges in 1302 and during their rule, Ivanovice prospered. In 1425, the town was confiscated from them. It changed owners frequently in the following centuries.
During the Thirty Years' War, Ivanovice was severely damaged and lost its significance. The economic development started again in the 19th century. In 1909, Ivanovice was promoted to a town by Franz Joseph I of Austria and changed its name to Ivanovice na Hané.
In 1857, about 23 percent of the town's population was Jewish. The Jewish population declined to 64 individuals by 1930, and the remaining Jews were likely deported to Thereseinstadt during the Holocaust. Many eventually perished in death camps to the east.
Transport
The D1 motorway runs next the town.
Sights
The landmark of the town is the Church of Saint Andrew. The Renaissance-Baroque church from the 16th and 18th centuries was built on Gothic base. The bell tower with Baroque sculptures was added in 1759.
The Ivanovice na Hané Castle was built in the Renaissance style in 1608–1611 by reconstruction of a water fortress from the 14th century. It has valuable arcade galleries. Nowadays the castle is privately owned and inaccessible.
The Jewish presence is commemorated by the former synagogue and Jewish cemetery. The synagogue is one of the most valuable buildings in the town. Nowadays it is used by the Apostolic Church. The Jewish cemetery is located on the eastern outskirts of the town. The oldest preserved tombstones are from the early 17th century.
Notable people
Gustav Karpeles (1848–1909), writer
Bedřich Antonín Wiedermann (1883–1951), organist and composer
Ladislav Kopřiva (1897–1971), politician
References
External links
Populated places in Vyškov District
Cities and towns in the Czech Republic
Shtetls
Kenneth James Owens (born 3 January 1987) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays as a hooker for the Scarlets and Wales.
Early life
Owens attended Ysgol Gyfun Gymraeg Bro Myrddin, and is a fluent Welsh speaker. He began his career at Carmarthen Athletic RFC before moving to UWIC RFC when he began studying at the university in 2005.
Club career
Owens made his Scarlets debut towards the end of the 2005–06 season in a match against the Glasgow Warriors. He left UWIC and began playing his club rugby for Llanelli RFC. In 2006–07, Owens made 47 appearances for the Scarlets, and scored his first try in a Celtic League match against Border Reivers. However, in 2007–08, Owens suffered a knee injury, and Samoan hooker Mahonri Schwalger was recruited on a short-term contract as his temporary replacement.
On 11 March 2013, Owens signed his third professional contract and committed himself to the Scarlets for a further two years.
On 5 January 2019, Owens was selected to play at Number 8 against Dragons as injury cover.
International career
In May 2010, before he had received his first international cap for Wales, Owens was called up to the Barbarians squad, his first match coming against England. This experience helped him score the Magners League 2009–10 try of the season for the Scarlets and improving his line-out throwing statistics.
On 15 February 2010, Owens was called up to the Wales squad for the 2010 Six Nations due to injury to hookers Matthew Rees and Gareth Williams. In June 2011, he was called up to Wales' 45-man training squad for the 2011 Rugby World Cup, following injury to Richard Hibbard. He made his debut for Wales in their third pool match at the tournament on 26 September 2011, coming on as a second-half replacement in an 81–7 win over Namibia.
In the 2012 Six Nations, Owens was involved in all five games as Wales claimed the Grand Slam.
Owens was selected for the 2015 Rugby World Cup in Wales' 31-man squad and came off the bench in the 23–19 quarter final loss against South Africa.
Owens' 50th test was a 20–18 loss to France in the 2017 Six Nations Championship, in which he played the entire game, including the 20 minutes of injury time at the end of the second half. Owens was subsequently selected for the British & Irish Lions' tour to New Zealand. Owens played six matches on the tour, captaining the side in their 22–16 defeat to the Blues in Auckland, and coming off the bench in two of the three test matches against New Zealand. He played 13 minutes of the first test, a 30–15 loss, and 11 minutes of the third test, in which he was penalised for being accidentally offside in the dying minutes; referee Romain Poite originally awarded a penalty that would have given the All Blacks the chance to win the game, but he overturned his decision on review and awarded a scrum instead, and both the match and the series finished as draws.
International tries
Wales
British & Irish Lions
Personal life
On 5 August 2019, Owens was inducted into the Gorsedd of Bards at the National Eisteddfod of Wales in Llanrwst. He will use the name "Cen y Siryf" (), in reference to his nickname.
References
1987 births
Living people
People educated at Bro Myrddin Welsh Comprehensive School
Rugby union players from Carmarthen
Rugby union hookers
Scarlets players
Wales international rugby union players
Welsh rugby union players
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Wales
Bards of the Gorsedd
TV Koper Capodistria is a Slovene free-to-air television channel based in Koper, Slovenia. Mainly funded by state aid, the channel serves the Italian-speaking minority in Slovenia and Croatia. It can also be received in the Italian region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia.
History
The channel started transmissions on May 6, 1971, transmitting on Channel 27 on the UHF dial when in Italy there was still no private TV on aerial. The channel had a crucial advantage: it was mostly in colour. This made the channel popular in its coverage area, the Croatian part of Istria and the Italian region of Friuli Venezia Giulia. It was Yugoslavia's 2nd color station after RTS2.
When TV Koper-Capodistria appeared and met with a favorable response in parts of Italy adjacent to Yugoslavia, some enterprising Italians established a network of private transmitters across Italy, breaking the monopoly established by RAI as viewers embraced the channel's diet of cartoons, subtitled movies, sports, popular series, and more internationally oriented news. TV Koper-Capodistria also helped Italy to adopt the PAL color TV standard, as many Italians bought PAL TV sets in order to tune the channel.
In 1976, Italy's constitutional court ruled that privately owned, fully commercial stations could be established on Italian soil. As a consequence of this, hundreds of local television stations appeared in the following years, all in color. TV Koper-Capodistria's unique role was over, and advertising revenue began to dry up.
Between 1987 and 1990, TV Koper-Capodistria enjoyed a brief resurrection as a major television player. It signed a deal with Silvio Berlusconi, the owner of Italy's three major private networks, that allowed him to operate, but not own the channel, of course. Berlusconi turned the station into an all-sports service, once again making it popular throughout Italy. Viewers from around the country, as well as Yugoslavia, eagerly tuned into sports events that were not available on the other channels, including exclusive coverage of NBA basketball, with legendary commentary by US-born Dan Peterson, who spoke Italian with a charming American accent. But this arrangement did not last long. With pay television on the horizon, Berlusconi decided to end his all-sports channel in 1990. TV Koper-Capodistria was left without any transmitters in Italy and finally became what it was designed to be back in 1971: a regional service primarily intended for the Italian community in Istria.
In 2006, in the spirit of the new cooperation between Slovenia and Italy, with the support of the means of the Italian government and the Region of Friuli Venezia Giulia, through collaboration between the Italian Union and the People's University of Trieste, TV Koper starts to broadcast via satellite across Europe through Eutelsat Hot Bird 13° east. It is a new impetus to the growth of the channel and dissemination of its programs.
On 18 May 2010 TV Koper-Capodistria returns in Italy with the spread of its programming throughout the national territory through the Italian satellite television platform Tivù Sat operating within the satellite Eutelsat Hot Bird 13° east, although some programmes are only available on Slovenian territory, hence those are encrypted via satellite. On 30 November 2010, the channel ended its analogue broadcast, starting broadcasts in digital terrestrial television.
On 20 August 2020 satellite broadcasts of radio and TV resumed on Eutelsat 16 degrees East frequency 11.678 MHz, horizontal polarization, signal speed: 30,000 MSym / s, Standard: DVB-S2, Modulation: 8PSK, covering all of Europe in clear.
In a press conference, broadcast live on Thursday 6 May 2021, also on the digital platform and on social networks, TV Capodistria celebrated its 50th anniversary. In fact, on May 8, 1971, the first newscast from the Koper studio was broadcast. In August the celebrations continued with a concert entitled "We loved each other so much", the first half century since its foundation held at the Portoroz Auditorium.
Popular shows
The channel covers international, regional, and local news from both sides of the border. The editorial section for culture programmes shows Artevisione, Istria e... dintorni, L'Universo e`... and Itinerari. The shows, with documentaries, report, and magazine formats, focus on the regional and local cultural life in Slovenia, Italy, and Croatia.
The channel is notable by the first music video TV show, not only in the former Titoist Yugoslavia, but also in the neighboring Italy, featuring popular Western music videos during the 1980s with its host Dario Diviacchi enjoining a star status among his young TV audience. The show, first under the name "Alta Pressione" ("High Pressure") and later "Video Mix", was on air every Thurdsday evening. A phone-in format with the TV viewers choosing among the music videos to be aired on the show, was introduced later with host Alex Bini.
The music program made the channel popular in Italy, where the show was the third most viewed TV show in 1985.
Logo history
See also
Istrian Italians
RTV Slovenija
Italian language in Slovenia
Italian language in Croatia
Slovenian Littoral
Istria
References
External links
Official Website
Historical article in English
Television channels in Slovenia
Television channels and stations established in 1971
Italian-language television stations
Mass media in Koper
Michael "Mike" Simcoe (born 1959-1960) is an automobile designer from Melbourne, Australia. He currently serves as General Motors' Vice President of Global Design, a position he has held since 2016.
Simcoe received an Associate Diploma of Art Industrial Design from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology. He joined GM Holden as a designer in 1983, and was subsequently promoted to senior designer and chief designer in 1985 and 1987 respectively. In 1995, he became director of Design for GM Asia Pacific, overlooking collaborative projects with Daewoo, Suzuki, Fuji Heavy Industries and Isuzu. He was appointed director of Design at GM Holden in 2001, and later executive director of Asia Pacific Design in 2003, establishing GM Korea Design Operations. He was also Executive Director North American Exterior Design and Global Architecture Strategy starting from 2004, supervising various designs such as the Buick LaCrosse, Cadillac CTS and Chevrolet Camaro. The most recent position he held before becoming Vice President of Global Design was being the executive director of General Motors International Operations Design from in 2011.
Following Ed Welburn's announcement on April 8, 2016 that he would retire after 44 years at General Motors, Simcoe received the position of Vice President of Global Design, effective July 1, 2016.
Notable designs
Holden Coupe concept (1998)
Holden Commodore (VX) (2000)
Holden Caprice/Statesman (WH) (2000)
Holden Monaro (2001)
Holden Commodore (VE) (2006)
Holden Caprice (WM) (2006)
Buick Avenir (2015)
Chevrolet Bolt concept (2015)
References
Living people
Australian businesspeople
General Motors designers
Australian automobile designers
1959 births
Živinice () is a city located in Tuzla Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is located in northeastern Bosnia and Herzegovina, south of Tuzla. As of 2013, it has a population of 57,765 inhabitants.
History
In the 7th century, Slavic tribes settled permanently in the area of the town of Živinice. The medieval territory of Živinice was part of the Bosnian state, the areas of Gostilj, Dramešin and Soli as independent political units that lost those attributes until the arrival of the Ottomans in Bosnia. The settlement of Živinice as an urban location probably originated in the 18th century.
The origin of the name Živinice is still not established. According to historian Muhamed Hadžijahić Živinice was mentioned in a Turkish document of 1764 as "Živinice called Uskopči, probably (Oskovci) in nahiya Tuzla".
Demographics
1991
In the 1991 census, the municipality of Živinice had 54,783 inhabitants, of which there were:
49,011 Bosniaks (80.34%)
2,096 Croats (7.25%)
1,525 Serbs (6.43%)
1,101 Yugoslavs (3.88%)
and 1,135 others or unknown (2.07%)
The town of Živinice itself had 11,956 residents. By the last documents, Živinice had 12,102 residents.
2022 Census
Page text.
Sport
NK Slaven Živinice
KK Živinice
KK Spartans
Općina Živinice
Bašigovci, Brnjica, Djedino, Dubrave Donje, Dubrave Gornje, Dunajevići, Đurđevik, Gračanica, Kovači, Kršići, Kuljan, Lukavica Donja, Lukavica Gornja, Odorovići, Strašanj, Priluk, Spreča, Suha, Svojat, Šarenjak – Hornica, Šerići, Tupković Donji, Tupković Gornji, Višća Donja, Višća Gornja, Vrnojevići, Zelenika, Zukići, Živinice Gornje, Brcanine, Šišici, Mestrici, Zenuni.
Notable residents
Boris Živković, Croatian footballer
Dragan Perić, Serbian athlete, World Championships bronze medalist
Denijal Pirić, retired footballer
Elvir Rahimić, footballer
Jasmin Fejzić, football goalkeeper
Mirsad Bešlija, footballer
Tomislav Tadić, philosopher, University professor
Jusuf Nurkić, basketball player
Samir Memišević, footballer
Adnan Babajić, singer, the winner of talents shows Operacija trijumf
Gordana Tadić, chief state prosecutor
Monuments
Statue of Josip Broz Tito
Monument to dead fighters of Bosnian War
Education
Živinice has nine elementary schools and two high schools.
References
Official results from the book: Ethnic composition of Bosnia-Herzegovina population, by municipalities and settlements, 1991. census, Zavod za statistiku Bosne i Hercegovine – Bilten no.234, Sarajevo 1991.
Notes
External links
http://www.zivinice.ba
http://www.opcinazivinice.org/
http://www.zivinice-carsija.com/
Populated places in Živinice
Cities and towns in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Trioceros incornutus, the Ukinga hornless chameleon, is a species of chameleon found in Tanzania.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 1932
Taxa named by Arthur Loveridge
Reptiles of Tanzania
Cod Music is a record label that aims at new musicians. It was founded in 2006.
Musicians
Bang Gang
Lay Low
Dr Mister & Mr Handsome
Benny Crespo's Gang
Merzedes Club
Steini
Wulfgang
Disa
External links
Cod Music Website
Cod Music on Myspace
References
Icelandic record labels
Our Lady of Czestochowa Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Turners Falls, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded 1909, it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts. The architect for the church was Donat R. Baribault of Springfield, MA
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Our Lady of Czestochowa - Official Website
Our Lady of Czestochowa - Diocesan Information
Our Lady of Czestochowa - ParishesOnline.com
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Mark Hallett (born November 21, 1947) is an American artist best known for his illustrations of dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals. Having originally coined the term "paleoart" to refer to science-based paleontological illustration, Hallett remains one of the most influential masters of modern dinosaur imagery. He currently lives in Dallas, Oregon.
Biography
Hallett has considered himself a paleoartist since 1974 and he began his work at the San Diego Natural History Museum. He has been published in a number of museums, magazines and books including Life, Smithsonian, and National Geographic. He has worked as a teacher, a designer and an art director, and was also a consultant on the major films Jurassic Park and Disney's Dinosaur. In 1986, Hallett's paleontological paintings experienced a major tour in the United States, the United Kingdom, continental Europe, Japan and Australia, and appeared in numerous museums including the American Museum of Natural History and the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History. He is also the recipient of several major awards, including the annual Lanzendorf Paleoart Prize given out by the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology, which he won in 2002.
Hallett cites the painter Charles R. Knight as one of his major influences. He describes his process of creating artwork as first preparing for weeks researching the available material including original fossils, consulting with paleontologists on likely behavior, and researching modern analogues before starting sketches of the anatomy and scenes for the final painting.
References
1947 births
Living people
Paleoartists
American illustrators
Place of birth missing (living people)
People from Dallas, Oregon
Artists from Oregon
Il mondo perduto (The lost world) is a DVD release of ten short documentaries films directed by
Vittorio De Seta between 1954 and 1959.
The series was restored by the Bologna Cinematheque in 2008.
Episodes
1954. Vinni lu tempu de li pisci spata (11 minutes)
1955. Isola di fuoco (11 min.)
1955. Sulfarara (10 min.)
1955. Pasqua in Sicilia (11 min.)
1955. Contadini del mare (10 min.)
1955. Parabola d'oro (10 min.)
1958. Pescherecci (11 min.)
1958. Pastori di Orgosolo (11 min.)
1958. Un giorno in Barbagia (14 min.)
1959. I dimenticati (20 min.)
Related media
The DVD was released with a book:
Roberto Saviano, Goffredo Fofi, Alberto Farassino, Martin Scorsese, Vincenzo Consolo, Gian Luca Farinelli. La fatica delle mani. Scritti su Vittorio De Seta. Real Cinema, Feltrinelli Editore, 2008. pp. 160,
Awards
1955. The episode Isola di fuoco won as best documentary at the Cannes Film Festival.
1957. David di Donatello "Targa d'argento".
Notes and references
See also
Détour De Seta
External links
Il mondo perduto. I cortometraggi di Vittorio De Seta. 1954-1959 at the Feltrinelli.
Italian documentary films
1950s documentary films
Documentary film series
Films directed by Vittorio De Sica
1950s Italian films
Karl Wilhelm Konrad Arwe (28 January 1898 in Ölserud, Sweden – 8 April 1980) was a Swedish ice hockey player, bandy player, and footballer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Winter Olympics.
In 1920 he was a member of the Swedish ice hockey team which finished fourth in the Summer Olympics tournament. He played three matches and scored two goals.
Four years later he finished again fourth with the Swedish team in the first Winter Olympics ice hockey tournament.
He played 16 times for Sweden between 1920 and 1924 and scored 5 goals. He represented for IK Göta and Djurgårdens IF. In 1921 he won the European championship. In 1926 he became Swedish champion with Djurgården.
References
External links
profile
1898 births
1980 deaths
Swedish footballers
Swedish bandy players
Djurgårdens IF Hockey players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
Ice hockey players at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 1924 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
People from Säffle Municipality
IK Göta Ishockey players
IK Göta Bandy players
Association footballers not categorized by position
Sportspeople from Värmland County
The Alliance Anticorrida is a law association founded in May 1994 in Nîmes which works for the abolition of bullfights, the suppression of injuries and mutilations inflicted on animals used during bullfighting shows, and the protection of minors.
Means of action
The Anticorrida Alliance implements legal remedies against any bullfighting activity contrary to legislation in force. It creates informative work with the publication of four-monthly reviews and the edition of three works, La Mort donnée en spectacle (1998), On est toujours le taureau de quelqu'un (2003), and La Face cachée des corridas (2006).
In the summer season, it conducts 4 × 3 poster campaigns in large cities and displays air-towed banners on the Mediterranean coast.
The Anticorrida Alliance organized events bringing together between 1,800 and 3,000 participants in Nîmes in 2010 and between 2,000 and 3,000 people in 2012.
It has supported legislative proposals aimed at restricting or prohibiting bullfighting. It was associated with the steps which led the European Parliament to vote for the abolition of aid from the Common Agricultural Policy for Bullfighters in 2015.
Results obtained
In June 1997, one complaint from the Anticorrida Alliance led to Robert Pilès, the director of the arenas of Nîmes who had employed the bullfighter El Juli, then twelve years old, being condemned for breach of labor law [ref. required].
On April 11, 2000, the prefect of Hérault takes a decree prohibiting the practice of "bull rope" in this department. On January 8, 2015, The President of the Court of Tarascon prohibits the bull rope in the Bouches-du-Rhône after being seized by the Alliance. On June 25, 2015, the Aix-en-Provence Court of Appeal confirms the ban on bull rope in this department, previously ignored by the town of Eyragues, whose festival committee organized three times a year with the bullfighting club Paul Ricard La Bourgine, under the name of Encierro à l'Eyraguaise, when this practice was prohibited by a prefectoral decree on June 4, 1966.
On February 12, 2008, the Anticorrida Alliance obtained from Xavier Darcos of the Ministry of National Education a note prohibiting all proselytism in favor of corrida in educational establishments. On September 30, 2015, a bull and a bullfighter were thus erased from a drawing appearing in the courtyard of the school Prosper Mérimée, in Nîmes.
In August 2008, Anti-Corrida Alliance canceled two bullfights in Arles and Fontvieille with the participation of minors including Michelito, aged ten.
The association largely participated in the stop of bullfights by the mayor Élie Brun in Fréjus in 2010. [ref.required]
In terms of charitable movements, five NGOs: Emmaüs, Rêves, Restos du Coeur, France ADOT, and the APF refused money from bullfights called "charitable".
Finally, several company managers have eliminated from their communication any reference to bullfighting: IKEA, Afflelou.
References
External links
Animal rights organizations
USS Barb (SS-220), a , was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for the Barbus, a genus of ray-finned fish. She compiled one of the most outstanding records of any U.S. submarine in World War II. During her seven war patrols, Barb is officially credited with sinking 17 enemy vessels totaling 96,628 tons, including the Japanese aircraft carrier . In recognition of one outstanding patrol, Barb received the Presidential Unit Citation. On her twelfth and final patrol of the war, she landed a party of carefully selected crew members who blew up a train, the only ground combat operation in the Japanese home islands.
United States Navy service history
World War II
The keel of USS Barb was laid down on 7 June 1941 by the Electric Boat Company of Groton, Connecticut. She was launched on 2 April 1942 (sponsored by Mrs. Charles A. Dunn, wife of Rear Admiral Dunn), and commissioned on 8 July 1942.
Barbs war operations spanned the period from 20 October 1942 – 2 August 1945, during which time she completed 12 war patrols.
European Theater – First through fifth patrols
During her first patrol she carried out reconnaissance duties prior to, and during, the invasion of North Africa. Operating out of Rosneath naval base, Scotland until July 1943, she conducted her next four patrols against the Axis blockade runners in European waters. Barbs fifth patrol terminated 1 July and she proceeded to the Submarine Base, New London, Connecticut, arriving on 24 July.
Pacific Theater – Sixth through twelfth patrols
Following a brief overhaul period at New London, Barb departed for Pearl Harbor where she arrived in September. It was in the Pacific waters that Barb found lucrative hunting and went on to compile one of the more outstanding submarine records of World War II. During the seven war patrols she conducted in the Pacific between March 1944 and August 1945, Barb is officially credited with sinking 17 enemy vessels totaling 96,628 tons, including , sunk on 17 September 1944. On 15–16 September Barb rescued 14 Australian and British POW survivors of .
The last two war patrols conducted by Barb deserve mention. Under Commander Eugene B. Fluckey, her 11th patrol lasted from 19 December 1944 – 15 February 1945, in the Formosa Straits and East China Sea off the east coast of China, from Shanghai to Kam Kit. During this patrol, Barb sank four Japanese merchant ships and numerous enemy small craft. On 22–23 January Barb penetrated Namkwan Harbor now called Yanpu Wan (沿浦湾) on the China coast, opposite the Matsu Islands, and wrought havoc upon a convoy of some 30 enemy ships at anchor. Maneuvering in dangerously shallow waters, Barb launched her torpedoes into the enemy group and then retired at high speed on the surface in a full hour's run through uncharted, heavily mined, and rock-obstructed waters. In recognition of this outstanding patrol, Commander Fluckey was awarded the Medal of Honor and Barb received the Presidential Unit Citation.
Upon completion of her 11th patrol, Barb was sent to the U.S. for a yard overhaul and alterations, which included the installation of rocket launchers at the Captain's request. Returning to the Pacific, she commenced her 12th and final patrol on 8 June. This patrol was conducted along the coasts of the Sea of Okhotsk. For the first time in U.S. submarine warfare, Barb successfully employed rockets, against the towns of Shari, Hokkaido; Shikuka, Kashiho; and Shiritoru on Karafuto. On 2 July; she also bombarded the town of Kaihyo on Tyuleny Island (Sea of Okhotsk) with her regular armament, destroying 60 percent of the town. She next landed a party of carefully selected crew members who blew up a railroad train.
During the night of 22–23 July 1945 these men went ashore at Karafuto, Japan, and planted an explosive charge that subsequently wrecked a train. They were: Chief Gunners Mate Paul G. Saunders, USN; Electricians Mate 3rd Class Billy R. Hatfield, USNR; Signalman 2nd Class Francis Neal Sever, USNR; Ships Cook 1st Class Lawrence W. Newland, USN; Torpedomans Mate 3rd Class Edward W. Klingesmith, USNR; Motor Machinists Mate 2nd Class James E. Richard, USN; Motor Machinists Mate 1st Class John Markuson, USN; and Lieutenant William M. Walker, USNR. This raid is represented by the train symbol in the middle bottom of the battle flag.
Post-war history
Returning to the United States after the cessation of hostilities, Barb was placed in commissioned reserve on 9 March 1946 and decommissioned reserve on 12 February 1947 at New London, Connecticut. On 3 December 1951, she was recommissioned and assigned to the Atlantic Fleet, operating out of Key West, Florida. She was again decommissioned on 5 February 1954 and underwent the Greater Underwater Propulsion Power Program (GUPPY) conversion. Recommissioned on 3 August 1954, she served with the Atlantic Fleet until 13 December 1954, when she was decommissioned a final time and loaned to Italy under the Mutual Defense Assistance Program.
Enrico Tazzoli (S 511)
The submarine was renamed Enrico Tazzoli (S 511) by the Italian Navy, after Enrico Tazzoli, an Italian priest.
The submarine was eventually sold for scrap in 1972 for approximately $100,000 (currently $). Admiral Fluckey noted that, had the crew known of this, they would have bought the sub and brought her back to the United States to serve as a museum ship.
Awards
Presidential Unit Citation
Navy Unit Commendation
Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with eight battle stars
World War II Victory Medal
National Defense Service Medal
Legacy
Barbs battle flag is on display at the Submarine Force Library and Museum in Groton, Connecticut.
Another submarine was named for USS Barb and served in the U.S. Navy from 1963 to 1989.
On 13 October 2020, Secretary of the Navy Kenneth Braithwaite announced that a future Virginia-class submarine (SSN-804) will be named for USS Barb.
See also
List of most successful American submarines in World War II
References
Further reading
Rear Admiral Eugene B. Fluckey, USN (1992). Thunder Below! .
Carl Lavo (2007). Galloping Ghost: The Extraordinary Life of Submarine Captain Eugene Fluckey. /
External links
hazegray.org: USS Barb
navsource.org: USS Barb
The Sub That Sank a Train
New York Times obituary of R.Adm. Fluckey
Kill record: USS Barb
Chart of Namkwan Bay
Gato-class submarines
Ships built in Groton, Connecticut
1942 ships
World War II submarines of the United States
Cold War submarines of the United States
Gato-class submarines of the Italian Navy
