The Great Profile is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Walter Lang and starring John Barrymore, Mary Beth Hughes, Gregory Ratoff and John Payne.
Synopsis
Barrymore lampoons himself. A famous actor, given to drink, nearly destroys the show, but his leading lady returns to save it. Meanwhile, a young girl tries to reform him.
Cast
John Barrymore as Evans Garrick
Mary Beth Hughes as Sylvia Manners
Gregory Ratoff as Boris Mefoosky
John Payne as Richard Lansing
Anne Baxter as Mary Maxwell
Lionel Atwill as Dr. Bruce
Edward Brophy as Sylvester
Willie Fung as Confucious
Joan Valerie as Understudy
Charles Lane as Director
Marc Lawrence as Tony
Hal K. Dawson as Ticket Seller
William Pawley as Electrician
Eddie Dunn as Furniture Man
James Flavin as Detective
Dorothy Dearing as Debutante
John Dilson as Doctor Perkins
John Elliott as Pop - Stage Doorman
References
External links
1940 films
1940 comedy films
20th Century Fox films
American black-and-white films
American comedy films
Films about actors
Films directed by Walter Lang
Films produced by Darryl F. Zanuck
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
The New Caledonian myzomela (Myzomela caledonica) is a species of bird in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae. The species is sometimes considered to be conspecific with (the same species as) the scarlet myzomela of Australia.
It is endemic to New Caledonia, where it occurs on the island of Grande Terre and the Isle of Pines. In New Caledonia its natural habitat is humid rainforest, stunted hill forest and savanna woodland. It has also moved into modified habitat such as plantations and gardens.
It is around 11 cm in length and typically weighs 6.5 to 8 grams. The males are slightly heavier than the females. The plumage of this species also varies by sex, with the male having a scarlet head, breast and back, black wings and tail and a white belly and rump. The female has a dull brown head, breast and back with a slight red wash on the face, and duller wings and belly. Juvenile birds resemble the female.
References
Endemic birds of New Caledonia
Myzomela
Birds described in 1879
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kahtubak (, also Romanized as Kahtūbak) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 233, in 30 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Bischofstein Castle () may refer to:
Bischofstein Castle (Germany), a castle on the Moselle river in Germany
Bischofstein Castle (Switzerland), a castle in the Swiss canton of Basel-Land
Ridder Jacob Westerbaen (7 September 1599 – 31 March 1670), heer (squire) of Brantwyck-en-Ghybelant, was a Dutch poet.
Life
Westerbaen was born in The Hague, the son of a rope maker, and was initially schooled in the Staten-College, then as secretary and preacher of the Remonstrants of the Synod of Dort. There he studied medicine, after which he established himself in 1623 as a physician in the Hague. Two years later he married Anna Weytsen, the widow of Reinier van Groenevelt, despite opposition from her noble family.
He was a good friend of Constantijn Huygens. Later he came into contact with Jacob Cats, Blasius (1639—1672) and Jan Vos (ca. 1610—1667), becoming good friends with all three. When Oldenbarnevelt was executed for political reasons, Westerbaen retained possession of the victim's walking stick, inspiring the Republic's great poet, Vondel, to his famous poem 't Stockske ("The Little Walking-Stick").
Westerbaen wanted to apply for work elsewhere: Ockenburgh near Loosduinen, where he lived from 1652 until his death. He described it in a poem imitating the style of Huygens.
He fought fiercely against orthodox preachers, for instance in writings such as Krancken-Troost voor Israel in Holland ("Comfort for a Sick Israel in Holland") and wrote and translated plays, mostly comedies.
(I have Comedians play here of a night,
And fear not Hague, nor Court, nay, not even Pulpit:
The Theatre here is free.)
Works
't Noodsaeckelycke Mal (de Liefde) (1624) [on love]
Minnedichten (1624) [love poetry]
Gedichten (1644) [poetry]
Davids Psalmen in Nederduytsche rijmen gestelt (1655 and 1656) [the Psalms translated]
Gedichten, verdeylt in vijf boecken (1657 and 1672) [five books of poetry]
Seneca's Troas (1658) (adapted and translated)
Erasmus' Lof der Zotheid (1659) (adaption and translation of The Praise of Follie)
P. Terentius' De ses comedien (1663) (adapted and translated)
Kracht des geloofs van den voortreffelijcken ende vermaerden Nederduytschen poeet Joost van Vondelen (1648) [a eulogy of Vondel]
Laurier-krans
Herstellinge van Karel II [on King Charles II]
Zege-Zangh op de Verovering van Funen [triumphal ode]
He also worked on the Heroides of Ovid and the Basia of Janus Secundus.
Quote
ARBEID
De wetenschap steeckt in geen bed met pluymen.
Wie leeren wil, moet vroegh de veeren ruymen;
Wie eert 1 noch eght, die heeft geen kans van graen;
Wie dorschen wil, moet eerst de ploegh doen gaen;
Wie niet en turft, kan zich daer nae niet warmen;
Wie winst wil doen, die reppe hand'en armen;
Wie prijs begeert, die stelle zich te loop:
Voor arbeyd heeft God alle dingh te koop.
1. eren = ploegen.
External links
On DBNL
1599 births
1670 deaths
17th-century Dutch poets
Dutch male poets
Writers from The Hague
Dutch Golden Age writers
Remonstrants
Arminian writers
The 1933 Washington Senators was a season in American baseball. They won 99 games, lost 53, and finished in first place in the American League. It was the third and final pennant of the franchise while based in Washington. The team was managed by Joe Cronin and played home games at Griffith Stadium. They lost the best-of-seven World Series in 5 games to the New York Giants.
It would be the last time a Major League Baseball postseason series would be held in Washington until the 2012 season. The Senators franchise, which moved to Minneapolis–St. Paul after the season, has since won three American League pennants (1965; 1987; 1991) and two World Series (1987 and 1991) as the Minnesota Twins. The Series also marked the last time the nation's capital hosted a World Series game until the Washington Nationals -- spiritual successors to the Senators -- played in and ultimately won the 2019 World Series over the Houston Astros in seven games.
Regular season
Player-manager Cronin was selected to the All-Star team as the starting shortstop and finished second in MVP voting. He also led the Senators with 118 runs batted in. 19-year-old infielder Cecil Travis had five hits in his major league debut.
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Awards and honors
All-Stars
Joe Cronin, starter, shortstop
Alvin Crowder, reserve, pitcher
League top five finishers
Joe Cronin
#4 in AL in RBI (118)
Alvin Crowder
MLB leader in wins (24)
Joe Kuhel
#4 in AL in stolen bases (17)
Heinie Manush
#2 in AL in batting average (.336)
#3 in AL in runs scored (115)
Earl Whitehill
#3 in AL in wins (22)
1933 World Series
Game 1
October 3, 1933, at the Polo Grounds in New York City
Game 2
October 4, 1933, at the Polo Grounds in New York City
Game 3
October 5, 1933, at Griffith Stadium in Washington, D.C.
Game 4
October 6, 1933, at Griffith Stadium in Washington, D.C.
Game 5
October 7, 1933, at Griffith Stadium in Washington, D.C.
Farm system
Notes
References
1933 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1933 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
American League champion seasons
Wash
Afflicted is a 2013 Canadian found footage horror film written and directed by Derek Lee and Clif Prowse. Their feature film directorial debut, it had its world premiere on September 9, 2013 at the Toronto International Film Festival, where it won a special jury citation for Best Canadian First Feature Film. Lee and Prowse star as two friends whose goal to film themselves traveling the world is cut short when one of them contracts a mysterious disease.
Afflicted received a theatrical and video-on-demand release on April 4, 2014.
Plot
Childhood friends Clif Prowse and Derek Lee have decided to venture around the world to film their travel web series Ends of the Earth. The trip is Derek's last wish, as he has an AVM, which could cause his death at any moment.
Clif and Derek stop in Barcelona to meet with old friends currently on tour with their band. After their initially uneventful stay, Derek picks up a woman by the name of Audrey after telling her about his AVM. Later that night, Clif bursts into Derek's hotel room as a prank, only to discover Derek bleeding and semiconscious, and no sign of Audrey. Though Derek doesn't remember anything about the attack, they assume that Audrey planned to rob him.
Upon getting to Italy, Derek passes out and sleeps for an entire day. Clif awakens him the next afternoon for lunch. At the restaurant, Derek hungrily devours his pasta dish and then suddenly projectile vomits. Later, at a vineyard, Derek has an extreme reaction to sunlight, and is forced to flee inside, covered in burns. Back at the hotel room, Clif attempts to calm Derek down, only for Derek to explosively punch clean through the corner of a stone wall with his bare hands.
Over the next few days, Derek displays superhuman strength, speed and agility. Clif attempts to persuade Derek to stop their trip and go home, but Derek continues to insist that there is nothing wrong with him. As Derek grows sicker due to not being able to eat, he finally agrees to go to a hospital. On the way, the two are almost hit by a car. Derek fights with the angry driver and passenger, completely overpowering them both. Then he licks their blood off his hand.
Clif correctly deduces that Derek has contracted vampirism, but researching it online proves unhelpful. Derek first tries drinking blood obtained from a butcher, and then kills and drinks the blood from someone's pet piglet, only to vomit out the blood on both occasions. Realizing that Derek needs human blood, he and Clif attempt to rob an ambulance, which proves unsuccessful, and they retreat back to the hotel. Derek enters a catatonic state, and Clif decides to cut his own arm to give Derek some human blood, but discovers that Derek has escaped. Clif attempts to find him, only to be ambushed and killed by the completely inhuman Derek. Upon regaining his senses and realizing that he has killed his friend, Derek shoots himself in the head with a shotgun. Shortly after, however, Derek's head heals with only slight scarring, and he is faced with the fact that he cannot die or be killed.
Soon after, Interpol agents attempt to take Derek into custody, forcing him to escape in daylight, carrying only Clif's camera bag. He manages to get back to France and hides in an abandoned warehouse in Paris. Reviewing the footage of his meeting with Audrey, he realizes that her cell phone might be at the hotel where she bit him. After retrieving the cell phone, Derek texts every one of the numbers on the contact list in order to try and lure someone to him. Eventually, he gets a reply from an unknown man offering to meet in person; Derek hides and tails him back to a squalid building. In the man's apartment, he finds a bloodstained saw and photographs, one of them showing an old black and white photograph of Audrey. Suddenly the man ambushes Derek from behind, but his superior strength enables him to overpower and restrain his attacker. The man is revealed to be Maurice, an acquaintance of Audrey's who is bitter that Audrey turned Derek into a vampire but left him human. Derek sets up a live-stream camera showing Maurice tied up, in order to draw Audrey in. Maurice nevertheless warns Derek to leave before Audrey arrives and kills him. Suddenly, however, the apartment is stormed by the GIGN and Derek is shot to near-death before entering a frenzy state. After slaughtering the whole squad, Derek escapes once again.
Audrey finally comes to Derek in the abandoned building, where she attacks him and tells him not to approach her or Maurice ever again, before suddenly relinquishing this approach, telling Derek that he is not feeding properly. She tells the distraught Derek that there is no cure for his condition, adding that she would have cured herself if there were one, to which Derek responds by furiously lashing out at her. The two fight, but Derek is easily overpowered by the more experienced Audrey. Audrey urges him to feed every four to five days, lest he become inhuman again and turns into "something much worse", and starts to kill indiscriminately and daily. Audrey tells him that he cannot choose not to kill, but he can choose whom to kill, and explains that she chose Derek because she knew he was dying and thought she was being kind.
Later, Derek posts his final entry online, in which he explains that he can never contact his family again. He thereafter is shown filming himself feeding on a man who had videos on his cell phone of a sexual assault on a child.
In a mid-credits scene, somewhere in Italy, a teenage boy and two teenage girls are seen sneaking into a swimming pool, only to be attacked. The boy gets away, and with his camera running, finds the bloodied corpse of one of the girls, before Clif, now also a vampire, appears and attacks him.
Cast
Production
Filming took place in Barcelona, Paris, Italy, and Vancouver on a budget of $318,000. Funding was raised through a small grant and through Prowse and Lee's family and friends. Afflicted was their first feature-length film, as the two had previous only created short films together. The movie's original concept was initially planned to be a web series akin to Lonelygirl15 or Marble Hornets, where the two would make posts and upload videos that would seem ordinary but grow more bizarre over time. Of the concept, Prowse commented that "You'd eventually have all these gaps because eventually the characters would stop posting and then the feature film would be this skeleton key that would click at the very end that you'd present." They chose to make Derek's disease vampirism, as they felt that vampires are usually in "very stylized, cinematic, often melodramatic, and romanticized films" and were not traditionally filmed otherwise.
As the two were not familiar with filming in the found footage genre, Prowse and Lee found the filming challenging and commented that they had a lot of respect for the crews of films such as The Blair Witch Project and Paranormal Activity. They commented that their choice to star as the film's protagonists helped make the process easier, as it allowed them more freedom to shoot and re-shoot scenes. Lee commented that his role of "Derek" was very physically taxing due to the weather in Italy and the demands of the role.
Promotion
The film's trailer is notable for showing a selection of the characters' "travelogue" scenes in reverse order: Entry 206, Entry 185, Entry 163, Entry 151, and so on, each scene suggesting the horrors that are growing throughout the story. Germain Lussier of www.slashfilm.com wrote, "The Afflicted trailer might be one of the best "Hollywood" has released in a long time. Unlike traditional trailers, which are presented linearly, this one starts at the beginning, jumps to the end and works backward, showing how two friends' trip around the world goes horribly, horribly wrong."
Reception
Critical reviews for Afflicted have been mostly positive and as of October 14, 2019, the movie holds a rating of 83% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 30 reviews, with an average score of 6.70/10. The site's consensus reads: "It isn't without its share of clichés, but Afflicted proves there's still life in the found-footage horror genre". We Got This Covered rated the film favorably, as the film did not deal with "zombies, plagues, or flesh-eating viruses" and had "beautiful cinematography and clear, crisp pictures" as opposed to "swirling cameramen trying to give us motion sickness".
Box office
For its opening weekend, Afflicted opened in 44 theatres, and grossed $68,300, for an average of $1,552 per theatre. As of April 13, 2014, Afflicted has grossed $102,851.
Awards
Best Canadian First Feature Film - Special Jury Citation at the Toronto International Film Festival (2013, won)
Maria Award for Best Special Effects at the Sitges - Catalan International Film Festival (2013, won)
Maria Award for Best Motion Picture at the Sitges - Catalan International Film Festival (2013, nominated)
Best Director - Horror Features at the Austin Fantastic Fest (2013, won)
Best Picture - Horror Features at the Austin Fantastic Fest (2013, won)
Best Screenplay - Horror Features at the Austin Fantastic Fest (2013, won)
References
External links
2013 films
2010s horror drama films
2013 horror films
Canadian supernatural horror films
Canadian drama films
Canadian vampire films
English-language Canadian films
Found footage films
Films shot in Barcelona
Films shot in Paris
Films shot in Italy
Films shot in Vancouver
CBS Films films
2013 directorial debut films
2013 drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s Canadian films
Rugby Club I Cavalieri is a rugby union team from the city of Prato, Italy. They play in the Top12 having finished 2nd in the 2012–13 edition, losing to Mogliano Rugby in the final.
History
The team was formed in 2000 through the merger of three existing rugby clubs: I Sorci Verdi (the first rugby team in Prato, founded in 1958), S.S. Rugby Prato and Rugby Iolo.
During the 2005–06 season, they qualified for the Serie A play-offs for the first time. Hoping for promotion to the Super 10, they won the first leg of their semi-final before losing the home leg and going out by aggregate score.
In the following season, they won both legs of the semi-final before losing the final 13–10 to Venezia. In the 2008–09 Serie A tournament they were promoted to the 2009–10 version of the Super 10, after beating L'Aquila in the promotion playoff 25–18.
In their first season Cavalieri ended the regular season at the fifth place of Super 10 2009–10 and achieved the right to take part in the European Challenge Cup.
Cavalieri were drawn in Pool 1 Amlin Challenge Cup 2010–11 with Harlequins (ENG), Connacht (IRL) and Bayonne (FRA). The Cavalieri won their European debut against Connacht on 9 October 2010 by 23 – 21.
In June 2010 Cavalieri Prato merged with other ten Tuscan rugby clubs to form "Cavalieri Toscana Rugby Eccellenza", a new rugby franchise with the aim to represent the professional élite rugby of region Tuscany. The team reached the play-off final of both 2011–12 and 2012–13 Eccellenza tournaments, losing the final against Cammi Calvisano and Mogliano Rugby, respectively.
Due to economic and corporate problems, the troubled 2014-15 season ended with the last place in the standings and the subsequent relegation to Serie A. Florence 1931, also relegated from series A to series B, acquired the title sportsman and could therefore maintain the superior category. Subsequently the president of the club, Fabrizio Tonfoni decided, together with the top management of Florence, to proceed with a merger between the clubs, with the aim of creating a more competitive team in the Serie A championship. The newly formed team took the name of Rugby Club I Medicei, based in Florence in the same sports facility as the now former Florence Rugby 1931.
Notable former players
Patricio Fuselli
Nicola Belardo
Kris Burton
Alberto Chiesa
Paul Derbyshire
Andrea De Rossi
Edoardo Gori
Marko Stanojevic
Rima Wakarua
Billy Ngawini
Results
2000–01 2nd place serie B
2001–02 1st place serie B (promoted to serie A)
2002–03 3rd place serie A
2003–04 3rd place serie A
2004–05 5th place serie A
2005–06 2nd place serie A (lost to Futura Park Roma at playoff semifinal)
2006–07 2nd place serie A (lost to Venezia at playoff final)
2007–08 2nd place serie A1 (lost to L'Aquila at playoff semifinal)
2008–09 1st place serie A1 (payoff winner to L'Aquila and serie A Italian Champion, promoted to Super 10)
2009–10 5th place Super 10 (Amlin Challenge Cup qualifier)
2010–11 2nd place Excellence (lost to Petrarca at playoff semifinal)
2011–12 2nd place Excellence (lost to Calvisano at playoff final)
2012–13 3rd place Excellence (lost to Mogliano at playoff final)
2013–14 5th place Excellence
External links
Official site
Italian rugby union teams
Rugby clubs established in 2000
2000 establishments in Italy
Prato
Hugh Gaine ( – April 27, 1807) was an 18th-century early American printer, newspaper publisher and bookseller. He founded and was printer of The New York Mercury and the New York Royal Gazette. As a printer and journalist Gaine remained neutral when the idea of American independence was at issue, which became a source of trouble for him at times. Subsequently figures like Philip Freneau, a Revolutionary poet, had very little affection for Gaine, while some historians question his loyalties. During his time in New York City Gaine's printing business became the most prolific, lasting more than forty years.
Early life
Gaine was born in Belfast, Ireland, about 1726 and came to the British colonies at New York in 1745. Gaine came from a working-class family in Ireland, and entered into a five-year apprenticeship with James Macgee in Belfast before emigrating at the age of eighteen to New York City in 1745. He became a journeyman and worked for six years under James Parker, who was the official printer for the city of New York, before becoming proficient enough and publishing his own newspaper. Gaine purchased a modest property in Hanover square, and used his house as book and stationery store, while he increased his printing, where his business ventures soon became extensive and successful. He remained at this location for forty years printing pamphlets and other works for himself and others.
Printing career
Gaine first entered into business as a printer and bookseller in New York city in 1750, and on August 3, 1752 established the New York Mercury, a weekly newspaper. In 1767, Gaine modified the
name and added Gazette to his newspaper, now referred to as Gaine's New York Gazette and Mercury from that point on. He also functioned as a pressman, compositor, folder, and distributor of his own newspaper, which had a circulation of upwards to four hundred copies. Gaine sought out and recorded newsworthy events on his own accord. He also set up his own printing types, operated the printing press, and folded his own newspapers before delivering them to his subscribers.
When the Stamp Act of 1765, with its proposed taxation of newspapers, legal documents and the like, was about to become law, Gaine, like many other American printers, suspended the publication of his newspaper in protest.
For his printing of both patriot and loyalist articles, the Sons of Liberty stormed Gaine's printing shop and threatened to destroy it in November 1775, which Gaine resented as his editorship was of a neutral nature in regards to American independence. They had advertised that their printing shop "has been open to publication from ALL PARTIES".
When the British moved on New York City early in the American Revolutionary War, he crossed the river to Newark, New Jersey, and published a lukewarm pro-independence newspaper. After deciding the British were going to win the war after routing Washington's army from Brooklyn, he returned to New York and began publishing accounts highly favorable to the British. Accordingly he chose for his sign in the heading of the Mercury the Bible and Crown. Gaine's apparent split loyalties continued to be received less than favorably while he was in New York. Revolutionary poet Philip Freneau took exception to this and in particular over Gaine's use of the Bible and Crown in the heading of his newspaper, leading Freneau to publish a polemic about Gaine in his Freeman's Journal.
During the American Revolution era, Gaine also ran a bookshop together with Samuel Loudon in New York City. Though Gaine's newspaper ventures were a failure (he exited the field by 1783), he did do well in book publishing.
When the Revolutionary war ended Gaine submitted a petition to remain in New York City, which was granted, but soon after he was compelled to hand over the publication of his failed newspaper, and confine his business ventures to private printing and bookselling, which he did do well at.
Final years and legacy
Gaine started out in life as a poor man, but was said to be punctual in his business dealings, and "of correct moral habits, and respectable as a citizen", and became the founder of two New York newspapers. Gaine's printing business became the most successful in New York during its existence. Gaine died on April 25, 1807, at the age of eighty-one. Because of Gaine's wavering loyalties during the uncertainty of the American Revolution, however, colonial American historian Isaiah Thomas said that "Gaine's political creed, it seems, was to join the strongest party" at any given time, while modern day historian Anthony Fellows referred to Gaine as the "Turncoat editor". After a printing career that lasted more than forty years Gaine retired a fairly wealthy man with a handsome estate.
See also
Early American publishers and printers
Bibliography of early American publishers and printers
List of early American publishers and printers
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Lorenz, Alfred Lawrence. HUGH GAINE, A COLONIAL PRINTER-EDITOR'S ODYSSEY TO LOYALISM (Southern Illinois University Press 1972)
Hugh Gaine receipt book, 1767-1799, The New York Public Library, Archives & Manuscripts (includes biography)
Hugh Gaine's Catalogue of Books (1792) (full text, Google books)
1726 births
1807 deaths
American newspaper editors
American book publishers (people)
American printers
18th-century American people
People of the Province of New York
Colonial American printers
Businesspeople from Belfast
The Heart of a Monkey is a Swahili fairy tale collected by Edward Steere in Swahili Tales. Andrew Lang included it in The Lilac Fairy Book. It is Aarne-Thompson 91.
Synopsis
A monkey and a shark struck up a friendship, with the monkey tossing his friend the fruits of a giant mku yu tree that grew overhanging the ocean. After a time, the shark said if the monkey would only come home with him, he would give him a gift, and offered to carry him. The monkey accepted, but half way there, the shark told him that the sultan of his country was deathly ill and needed a monkey's heart to cure him. The monkey said it was a pity, because if he had known, he could have brought his heart, but as it was, he had left it behind. The shark, deceived, brought him back to get it. The monkey instantly jumped up into the tree and was not to be lured back down. He told the shark a story of a washerman's donkey, which was twice persuaded to meet with a lion, and so lost its life the second time — and that the monkey was not a washerman's donkey.
Versions
India
An earlier version of this tale, with a crocodile instead of a shark, serves as the frame tale for the fourth book of the Panchatantra. In this version it is the crocodile's wife who, after enjoying the figs given by the monkey to her husband, desires to eat the monkey's heart. Whereas the Swahili version has only one embedded tale, in the Panchatantra version the monkey and crocodile tell each other numerous tales in the course of their story, the second of which corresponds to the story of the washerman's donkey.
Japan
Folklorist Seki Keigo stated that the tale is "very popular" in Japan, and reported an ancient Japanese version from the 11th century, in the Konjaku Monogatarishū.
Commentary
J. R. R. Tolkien in his On Fairy-Stories cites this tale as an example of not a true fairy tale, because while the detached heart is a common fairy-tale motif, it appears in it only as a ploy.
See also
References
External links
"The Heart of a Monkey" on mythfolklore.net
Fictional monkeys
African fairy tales
Indian fairy tales
Indian folklore
Indian literature
ATU 1-99
Edward Steere
UML Partners was a consortium of system integrators and vendors convened in 1996 to specify the Unified Modeling Language (UML). Initially the consortium was led by Grady Booch, Ivar Jacobson, and James Rumbaugh of Rational Software. The UML Partners' UML 1.0 specification draft was proposed to the Object Management Group (OMG) in January 1997.
During the same month the UML Partners formed a Semantics Task Force, chaired by Cris Kobryn, to finalize the semantics of the specification and integrate it with other standardization efforts. The result of this work, UML 1.1, was submitted to the OMG in August 1997 and adopted by the OMG in November 1997.
Member list
Members of the consortium include:
Digital Equipment Corporation
Hewlett-Packard
i-Logix
IBM
ICON Computing
IntelliCorp
MCI Systemhouse
Microsoft
ObjecTime
Oracle Corporation
Platinum Technology
Ptech
Rational Software
Reich Technologies
Softeam
Taskon
Texas Instruments
Unisys
See also
Unified Modeling Language
object-oriented language
References
External links
2001: A Standardization Odyssey PDF document
UML 1.0 - 1.1 and the UML partners
Unified Modeling Language
Information technology organizations
In molecular biology, YecM refers to a protein domain found in Escherichia coli. It is a conserved, hypothetical protein with sequence homologues found exclusively in bacteria. Several bacterial YecM proteins in this particular family are of unknown function.
Function
The precise function of the YecM domain remains to be elucidated. However, YecM structural homologues reveal that all the proteins bind a divalent metal cation. This comparison suggests that YecM may be a metal-binding protein and therefore may function as an enzyme.
Structure
The protein domain, YecM, is a monomer. The eight, mostly antiparallel beta-strands form around C-terminal alpha-helix. There are four alpha helices in total.
References
Protein families
Caleb Calvert (born October 22, 1996) is an American soccer player who most recently played for Saint Louis FC in the USL Championship.
Early life and education
Caleb attended Serrano High School in Phelan, California. He had originally committed to playing NCAA Division I collegiate soccer for the University of California, Santa Barbara men's soccer team alongside his Chivas USA Academy teammate Ben Spencer before electing to turn professional.
Career
Professional
On July 5, 2013, Calvert signed a homegrown player contract with Chivas USA, making him the youngest signing in club history. However, he never got a chance to play for the club as Chivas folded after the 2014 season.
On November 19, 2014, Calvert was selected by the Colorado Rapids in the 2014 MLS Dispersal Draft. On March 27, 2015, it was announced that Calvert had been sent on loan to USL affiliate club Charlotte Independence. He made his professional debut that same day in a 3–2 defeat to the Charleston Battery.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
American soccer players
Chivas USA players
Colorado Rapids players
Charlotte Independence players
Saint Louis FC players
Association football forwards
People from Wrightwood, California
Soccer players from California
Sportspeople from San Bernardino County, California
Major League Soccer players
Homegrown Players (MLS)
The 1902 Baylor football team was an American football team that represented Baylor University as an independent during the 1902 college football season. In its first season under head coach J. C. Ewing, the team compiled a 3–4–2 record.
This was Baylor's first losing season. The Thanksgiving game was played at the Lee canal athletic grounds.
Schedule
References
Baylor
Baylor Bears football seasons
Baylor football
Walking into the Night is a novel from Olaf Olafsson about a man's hidden past and the immutability of love and loss.
Synopsis
For twenty years Christian Benediktsson has led a quiet life as the butler to William Randolph Hearst, the greatest newspaper magnate in the world. His days are filled with the rituals of Hearst's life and the demands of running a grand household. But in his most private thoughts and memories, he relives another life: once a husband and father in Iceland, he abandoned his family for an actress in New York, where his affair ended in death and financial ruin. Retreating from his previous existence, he ended up at Hearst's castle in California. No one else knows the secret of the man he once was—husband, father, businessman, lover—and, ultimately, even he will choose to forget that this person ever existed.
Critical reception
“Olafsson tells the life story of William Randolph Hearst's fictional butler – delftly and grippingly…Clear-eyed and captivating, Olafsson writes effortlessly, seemingly incapable of a dull paragraph or page. His people are real, period atmosphere and detail unobtrusively perfect, his novel a gem and a small masterpiece.” – Kirkus Review
“An elegant and moving novel that knows, and shows, the value of tact, selection and economy.” – The Independent (UK)
References
External links
Random House
Olaf Olafsson's Official Website
2001 novels
Pantheon Books books
Icelandic novels
Elise Goulandris (née Karadontis; Athens, 1917 – 25 July 2000) was a Greek art collector, and the co-founder of Greece's first Museum of Modern Art, the Museum of Contemporary Art Andros. In 1950 she met and married the shipowner Basil Goulandris.
References
External links
Basil & Elise Goulandris Foundation
1917 births
2000 deaths
Elise
Greek art collectors
Greek philanthropists
People from Athens
The orders, decorations, and medals of the Austrian states, in which each states of Austria have devised a system of orders and awards to honour residents for actions or deeds that benefit their local community or state, are in turn subsumed within the Austrian honours system. Each state sets their own rules and criteria on eligibility and also how each medal is awarded and presented. Most of the orders allow for the recipient to wear their orders in public.
State orders
See also
Orders, decorations, and medals of Austria
References
Orders, decorations, and medals of Austria
Elections to Liverpool City Council were held on 1 May 1975. One third of the council was up for election. The terms of office of the Councillors elected in 1973 with the third highest number of votes in each ward, expired and so these election results were compared with the 1973 results. Bill Smyth of the Liberal party became the Leader of the Council albeit with no overall control.
After the election, the composition of the council was:
Election result
Ward results
Abercromby, St. James
Aigburth
Allerton
Anfield
Arundel
Breckfield, St. Domingo
Broadgreen
Central, Everton, Netherfield
Childwall
Church
Clubmoor
County
Croxteth
Dingle
Dovecot
Fairfield
Fazakerley
Gillmoss
Granby, Prince's Park
Kensington
Low Hill, Smithdown
Melrose, Westminster
Old Swan
Picton
Pirrie
St. Mary's
St. Michael's
Sandhills, Vauxhall
Speke
Tuebrook
Warbreck
Woolton, East
Woolton, West
References
1975
1975 English local elections
1970s in Liverpool
Stéphane Augé (born 6 December 1974 in Pau) is a French former road racing cyclist. Following his career, he worked as a sporting director for UCI Professional Continental team from 2011 until 2016. While he initially had a contract to ride competitively with them in the 2011 season, he chose instead to retire as a cyclist and fill an opening in the team's management. He was known to be part of the breakaway in every first stage of the Tour de France.
Major results
1999
1st Stages 2 & 9 Ruban Granitier Breton
2000
1st Stage 5 Tour du Poitou-Charentes
2001
3rd Bordeaux–Caudéran
7th A Travers le Morbihan
2002
1st Stage 6 Deutschland Tour
7th Tour de la Somme
2003
1st Mountains classification Circuit de la Sarthe
2006
1st Stage 3 Tour du Limousin
1st Stage 3 Tour de Pologne
2007
1st Cholet-Pays de Loire
8th Paris–Camembert
2008
1st Overall Four Days of Dunkirk
1st Stage 1
1st Stage 7 Deutschland Tour
5th Road race, National Road Championships
2009
8th Overall Four Days of Dunkirk
2010
3rd Grand Prix de Plumelec-Morbihan
9th Polynormande
Tour de France participation
2002 - 115th overall; 6th, Stage 8
2003 - DNF
2005 - 121st overall
2006 - 123rd overall
2007 - DNF; Stage 1 Combativity award; Stage 3-4 King of the Mountains leader
2008 - 139th overall
2009 - Stage 6 King of the Mountains leader
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Pau, Pyrénées-Atlantiques
Cyclists from Nouvelle-Aquitaine
In the cuisine of Sikkim, in northeastern India, rice is a staple food, and fermented foods traditionally constitute a significant portion of the cuisine. Nepalese cuisine is popular, as Sikkim is the only state of India with an ethnic Nepali majority. Many restaurants in Sikkim serve various types of Nepalese cuisine, such as the Limbu, Newa and Thakali cuisines. Tibetan cuisine has also influenced Sikkimese cuisine. The combination of various cuisines has resulted in one specific cuisine.
Agriculture
The geography and modes of food production within Sikkim inform the food culture within the state. The economy of Sikkim is largely agrarian. Due to the state's mountainous terrain, much of the land is unsuitable for farming, so terrace farming, particularly of rice, is common. In addition to rice, other cereal crops cultivated in Sikkim include wheat, maize, barley, and millet. Potatoes, ginger, oranges, tea, and cardamom are also cultivated. Sikkim produces the most cardamom of any Indian state, about 4200 tons annually. Vegetables commonly grown include tomatoes, broccoli, and iskus.
Although dairy and, to a lesser extent, meat and egg products are common elements of the Sikkimese diet, livestock primarily plays a subsidiary role in Sikkim's agricultural sector. Cattle, sheep, goats, pigs and yaks are raised. 11.7% of people in the rural areas of Sikkim are vegetarian.
In 2016, Sikkim became India's first "organic state" after fully converting its agricultural land to sustainable farming practices.
Fermented foods and common dishes
Fermented foods are an integral part of Sikkimese cuisine, comprising 12.6% of total food consumption in the state. Polling indicates that 67.7% of Sikkimese people prepare fermented foods at home rather than purchasing them. This suggests that most fermentation is done at the household level with the notable exceptions of chhurpi and marchaa (a starter culture for fermentation), which are purchased in markets.
Various fermented alcoholic beverages are produced by the introduction of marchaa to cereal grain and subsequent saccharification and fermentation in an airtight vessel. Millet, rice, and maize are commonly used. The grain is washed, cooked, combined with marchaa, then saccharified in an earthware pot for about 1–2 days, then fermented for 2–8 days.
Examples of traditional fermented foods are kinema, gundruk, sinki, maseura, and khalpi. Traditional fermented beverages include chyang, tongba, raksi, and kodo ko jaanr.
Dishes
Sikkimese meals typically follow a bhat-dal-tharkari-achar (Rice-Pulses-Curry-Pickle) pattern.
References
External links
Sikkimese cuisine
Recipes
Indian cuisine by state or union territory
Northeast Indian cuisine
Nepalese cuisine
Tibetan cuisine
Ellen Elizabeth "Elle" Smith (born June 19, 1998) is an American model, journalist, and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss USA 2021. As Miss USA, she represented the United States at Miss Universe 2021 where she was placed in the top ten. Smith had previously been crowned Miss Kentucky USA 2021, and is the second woman from Kentucky to win Miss USA.
Early life and education
Smith was born in Springfield, Ohio to parents Samuel Clayborne and Lydia Smith; she is biracial, being born to a black father and a white mother. Her black ancestors were enslaved on a plantation in Kentucky, before migrating to Ohio in the aftermath of the American Civil War.
Smith graduated from Shawnee High School in 2016, where she was an honors student involved in choir, orchestra, volleyball, and drama. Afterwards, she moved to Lexington, Kentucky to enroll in the University of Kentucky, graduating with a degree in broadcast journalism and a minor in political science in 2020. While a student, Smith served as vice president of the university's chapter of the National Association of Black Journalists. After completing her degree, Smith became an on-air reporter with WHAS-TV in Louisville, Kentucky, covering Southern Indiana within the Louisville metropolitan area.
Pageantry
Smith first became interested in competing in pageantry after one of her high school classmates, Brittany Reid, was crowned Miss Ohio Teen USA 2013. However, she ultimately did not sign up for a pageant until eight years later, with Miss Kentucky USA 2021 being her first ever pageant. She represented Germantown in the competition, and went on to win the title.
Miss USA 2021
As Miss Kentucky USA, Smith received the right to represent Kentucky at Miss USA 2021. Miss USA 2021 was ultimately held on November 29, 2021, in Tulsa, Oklahoma. In the competition, Smith advanced to the Top 16, and later the Top 8, before being announced as the competition's winner. Following her win, Smith became the second entrant from Kentucky to ever be crowned Miss USA, after Tara Conner was crowned Miss USA 2006. Smith was also the first titleholder under the new Miss USA Organization.
In the final question portion of Miss USA, Smith was asked "Sustainability is becoming more and more important in professional landscapes. How can we encourage business to be more environmentally conscious?," to which she responded:
As Miss USA, Smith represented the United States at Miss Universe 2021, where she placed in the top ten. In addition to the opportunity to compete at Miss Universe, Smith moved to Los Angeles to participate in events for the year of her reign.
References
External links
1998 births
African-American beauty pageant winners
African-American female models
African-American women journalists
American beauty pageant winners
American female models
American women television journalists
American television reporters and correspondents
Living people
Miss Universe 2021 contestants
Miss USA winners
People from Louisville, Kentucky
People from Springfield, Ohio
University of Kentucky alumni
Female models from Kentucky
Female models from Ohio
Charles de Rohan (16 July 17151 July 1787), duke of Rohan-Rohan, seigneur of Roberval, and marshal of France from 1758, was a military man, and a minister to the kings Louis XV and Louis XVI. The last male of his branch of the House of Rohan, he was also the great-grandfather to the duc d'Enghien, executed by Napoleon in 1804. Styled prince d'Epinoy at birth, he became the Prince of Soubise after 1749.
Biography
The prince was born at Versailles on 16 July 1715, the son of Jules, Prince of Soubise, lieutenant captain of the gendarmes of the Royal Guard, and of Anne Julie Adélaïde de Melun. The eldest of five children, he was styled the Prince of Epinoy till his father's death in 1724.
His parents died in Paris of smallpox in 1724, remaining his siblings, including Marie Louise, making them orphans. His sister lost her husband to smallpox in 1743.
He was entrusted to his grandfather Hercule Mériadec, Duke of Rohan-Rohan, who raised Soubise to the court, where he became the companion of Louis XV, who was the same age as he. One of his great grandmothers was Madame de Ventadour, via his paternal grandmother Anne Geneviève de Lévis; Madame de Ventadour, who died in 1744, was close to her great grandson.
He accompanied Louis XV in the campaign of 1744–48 and attained high military rank, which owed more to his courtiership than to his generalship.
Soon after the beginning of the Seven Years' War, through the influence of Madame de Pompadour, he was put in command of a corps of 24,000 men, and in November 1757 he sustained the crushing defeat of Rossbach. Along with the failure to hold Hanover following the Invasion of Hanover (1757) this marked a dramatic turnaround for French fortunes as just months before they had seemed on the brink of victory in Europe.
He was more fortunate, however, in his later military career, and continued in the service until the general peace of 1763, after which he lived the life of an ordinary courtier and man of fashion in Paris.
Marriages and issue
Charles married three times. His first marriage was in 1734 to Anne Marie Louise de La Tour d'Auvergne (1722–1739), daughter of Emmanuel Théodose de La Tour d'Auvergne and a granddaughter of the famous Marie Anne Mancini; Anne Marie Louise died in 1739 giving birth to a son, who died in 1742. They had one surviving child:
Charlotte Élisabeth Godefride de Rohan 1737–1760 known as Charlotte. She married Louis Joseph de Bourbon, a Prince du sang and descendant of Louis XIV of France and Madame de Montespan. Charlotte was the paternal grandmother of the murdered Louis Antoine, Duke of Enghien.
In 1741, he married Princess Anna Teresa of Savoy (1717–1745), a daughter of Victor Amadeus I, Prince of Carignano, and Maria Vittoria Francesca of Savoy (who in turn was an illegitimate daughter of Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia). Anna Teresa (known as Anne Thérèse de Savoie) gave birth to another daughter:
Victoire Armande Josèphe de Rohan (1743–1807); married Henri Louis Marie de Rohan, Prince of Guéménée, who was a cousin. Victoire was later the governess to the daughter of Marie Antoinette.
After Anne Thérèse died in 1745, Charles married that same year Princess Anna Viktoria of Hessen-Rheinfels-Rotenburg (1728–1792). They had no children.
Charles also notably had relationships with Madeleine Guimard and Anne Victoire Dervieux.
Legacy
Soubise sauce, based on onion and béchamel, is said to have been named after him.
Ancestry
References
1715 births
1787 deaths
People from Versailles
Charles de Rohan
Charles
Marshals of France
Charles
Charles
Charles
Counts of Saint-Pol
People of the Silesian Wars
Herndon Career Center is a career and technical high school in Raytown, Missouri, United States.
It is operated by the Raytown C-2 School District.
Cheryl Reichert is director of the school.
References
External links
Schools in Jackson County, Missouri
High schools in Jackson County, Missouri
Public high schools in Missouri
John Typhane was Archdeacon of Totnes from 1421 until 1433.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
15th-century English people
Phytogenics are a group of natural growth promoters or non-antibiotic growth promoters used as feed additives, derived from herbs, spices or other plants. The term phytogenic feed additives was coined by an Austrian multinational feed additives company named Delacon, and was first introduced to the market in the 1980s.
Essential oils represent a concentrated form of phytogenics, containing mainly the active ingredients of the plants. The spectrum of phytogenic feed additives is vast and does not only consist of essential oils, but also includes other active ingredient groups, such as pungent substances, bitter substances, saponins, flavonoids, mucilages and tannins. Phytogenic feed additives, known as PFAs or botanicals, are substances of plant origin added to animal diets at recommended levels with the aim of improving animal nutrition and growth. The potential of phytogenic feed additives to promote growth in young piglets and poultry is under preliminary research.
Modes of action
Effect on growth rates
Compounds such as caraway oil, lemon oil, and dried herbs and spices, may improve the growth rate of certain animals. Phytogenic feed additives can substitute for antibiotic growth promoters in poultry diets.
Effect on ammonia emissions
Certain compounds, such as saponins, have shown potential to reduce ammonia emissions of animals by inhibiting urease activity that converts urea in ammonia and carbon dioxide.
Quorum sensing inhibitory effects
Phytogenics have been shown to interfere with bacterial quorum sensing and thus have the potential to reduce virulence of certain bacterial pathogens. Quorum sensing inhibition is used as a possible method to treat bacterial disorders in farm animals.
Registration
According to Art. 6, Reg. EC 1831/2003, a zootechnical feed additive is defined as “any additive used to affect favourably the performance of animals in good health or used to affect favourably the environment”. In the European Union, all phytogenic products must pass the authorization process as feed additive, if efficacy claims are used. The requirements concerning safety issues are mandatory for all additives, whereas the scope of application differs, and is reflected by the feed additive categories.
Unlike most botanical feed additives, which are considered as sensory additives (flavors), Delacon was the first and currently only company obtaining zootechnical registrations for its main phytogenic products in the pig and poultry feed sector in 2012 and 2017, covering both digestibility and performance parameters.
In order to obtain the registration as a zootechnical feed additive, a dossier of complete, comprehensive and validated data on the quality, safety and efficacy of the feed additive must be submitted to the European Commission. The Commission mandates the European Reference Laboratory (EURL) and the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to carry out a detailed evaluation of the dossier. The EURL then analyses and evaluates relevant parameters of the samples, methods and traceability of the additive in the feed chain (additive-premixture-feed). The full evaluation report has to be submitted to the EFSA. After the order of the European Commission, EFSA issues a scientific opinion to the European Commission, the Member States and the applicant on the safety and efficacy of the additive. This opinion demonstrates whether the feed additive has the potential to meet these requirements and whether it is safe for the target animals, workers, consumers and the environment. Following this intensive evaluation, EFSA formulates a scientific opinion which serves as the basis for the final decision and approval by the European Commission in concordance with the Member States.
References
Livestock
Govind Rao Gaekwad (? – 19 September 1800) was the Maharaja of Baroda (r.1793 - 1800). He was the fourth son of Damaji Rao Gaekwad.
See also
Gaekwad dynasty
References
External links
Official Website of the Gaekwads of Baroda
1800 deaths
Maharajas of Vadodara
Year of birth unknown
Hindu monarchs
Indian royalty
Indian military leaders
Hermann Schubert (26 January 1886 – 22 March 1938) was a German political activist and politician. In 1924 he briefly sat as a member of the national parliament (Reichstag), representing the Communist Party of Germany.
Sources may refer to him using the name "Max Richter", the cover-name under which he sometimes operated between 1933 and 1935.
In 1933, some months after the Nazi power seizure, he fled from Nazi Germany, ending up as a political refugee in Moscow. He was later arrested by the Soviets in 1937 and executed in 1938.
Life
Early years
Schubert was born in Lengefeld, a small mining town in the hills south of Chemnitz, not far from the German border with what was, at the time, the Austrian province of Bohemia. He attended school in the town. One source states that his early work was as a miner and another adds that he trained locally as a metalworker with "Wittig & Schwabe". He joined the German metalworkers' Union when he was only sixteen. He also joined the Social Democratic Party (SPD), although sources differ as to whether he did this in 1907 or 1912. By 1912 he had moved to Leipzig where he was employed full-time as the secretary of the Workers' Gymnastics Association ("Arbeiter-Turnerbund").
At the outbreak of war in 1914, the decision of the party to implement an effective political truce over funding for the war was immediately contentious within the party, and internal divisions grew as economic destitution at home and industrial-scale slaughter on the frontline mounted. In 1917 the party split: Schubert was one of those who went with the breakaway faction, forming the short-lived Independent Social Democratic Party ("Unabhängige Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands" / USPD). Three years later the USPD itself broke up, and Hermann Schubert was a member of the majority group that now joined the recently launched Communist Party.
Communist politician
Early in the 1920s Hermann Schubert was in one of the first batches of German communists to attend a course at what became the International Lenin School in Moscow. He became a trades union secretary in Suhl in 1922, and in 1923 was among the delegates at the 8th Communist party conference, held that year in Leipzig. He also played a leading part in the armed insurrection that broke out in Thuringia later in 1923, as a result of which he was arrested early in 1924. However, on 27 April 1924 party comrades stormed the jail in Suhl and succeeded in releasing him.
In the general election of May 1924 Schubert's name appeared on the Communist Party candidate list for Election district 12 (Thuringia). The party secured sufficient votes in Thuringia to give it four seats in the national Reichstag, and Schubert's name was high enough up on the party list for one of them to be his. Reichstag membership would normally have secured him some level of parliamentary immunity. However, in the wake of street disturbances across several parts of Germany during 1923, in November of that year a court had declared the Communist Party illegal: the ban was still in force through the summer of 1924 and election to the Reichstag in May 1924 provided no effective immunity against re-arrest. In July 1924, after just two months, Schubert resigned his Reichstag seat and relocated to the Ruhr area in the west of the country, which at this point was still under French military occupation in connection with an ongoing dispute about war reparations. Schubert pursued his (now illegal) party work in the Ruhr region, where he was appointed regional party secretary at Bochum. However, on 21 October 1924, despite holding a false passport, Schubert was re-arrested.
In December 1924 he was elected a member of the Prussian regional parliament ("Landtag"), and was released from jail in January 1925. He continued at this stage to be based for much of the time in the Ruhr area, serving as a member of the Communist Party district leadership team ("Bezirksleitung") in Essen with particular responsibility for trades union matters till 1928, which was also the year in which he was re-elected to the Prussian Landtag, in which he served till 1933.
During this time Schubert came into contact with Wilhelm Florin. At the end of 1928 serious differences arose between the two men, and Schubert was transferred, briefly, to party duties in Berlin where he worked till March 1929 in the "Comradeship Department" ("Genossenschaftsabteilung") of the Party Central Committee, before being sent to East Prussia as a regional "Polleiter" ("Leiter der Abteilung Politik" / Policy Head). Between May 1930 and early 1933 he was undertaking secretarial duties as part of the regional leadership team (Bezirksleitung) in Hamburg-Wasserkante, the large region surrounding Hamburg on the right bank of the Elbe estuary. In 1931 he was appointed "Polleiter" for Hamburg-Wasserkante.
At the 1929 party conference, held that year in Berlin-Wedding, Schubert's name was placed on the candidate list for membership of the Communist Party Central Committee, which was the party's ruling body nationally. After just two years, in 1931, he was co-opted into the Central Committee, and in 1932 the party leader Ernst Thälmann, appointed him to membership of the Politburo, which was the executive committee within the Central Committee.
Nazi Germany: Soviet exile
In January 1933 the political backdrop was transformed when the Nazi Party took power and converted Germany into a one-party dictatorship. Political activity - except in support of the Nazi Party - became illegal. At the end of February 1933 the Reichstag fire was instantly blamed on the Communists, and in March 1933 the party leader, Schubert's friend Ernst Thälmann, was arrested: Schubert immediately went to Berlin, as recently agreed with Thälmann, in order to take over the chairmanship of the illegal Communist Party. This unleashed a political struggle with Schubert and John Schehr on one side and Walter Ulbricht on the other. Ulbricht was already a shrewd and ruthless political operator who coveted the party leadership for himself. Schehr was discovered and arrested in November 1933, but Schubert remained active in the party leadership. Schubert and Schehr, backed by a politburo majority that included Wilhelm Florin, Fritz Schulte and Franz Dahlem, were keen to continue with Thälmann's uncompromisingly left-wing Communist agenda, while Ulbricht, backed by another future heavy hitter, Wilhelm Pieck, appeared to advocate a more pragmatic future for the party. The division reflected a series of bitter disputes and splits that had affected the German and Soviet Communist Parties during the 1920s, and would provide a defining context for Schubert's political career in the run-up to his execution in 1938.
In Autumn 1933 Hermann Schubert fled from Nazi Germany, crossing the frontier from his home region into Czechoslovakia where leading exiled German communists were attempting to regroup in Prague. He moved on to the Saarland, a part of Germany still at this point under French military occupation, and from there to Paris, where a more permanent headquarters for the German Communist Party in exile was forming. However, in December 1934 he was one of the communist leaders who relocated again, this time to Moscow, still representing the party's left-wing within the Party Central Committee.
Between 1933 and 1935 (sometimes applying the cover-name "Max Richter") Schubert played a decisive role in the party leadership. A meeting took place in January 1935 between the German Communist Party leadership and the Comintern at which Schubert's appointment to the Comintern executive committee in succession to Fritz Heckert was agreed. However, just as the political tide in Moscow was clearly turning against the Comintern, so Schubert himself was becoming increasingly marginalised inside the party. It was the Ulbricht / Pieck faction that was becoming mainstream, and both Florin and Dahlem switched sides, joining Ulbricht's group. The first party conference since the Hitler power zeizure was held in Brussels in October 1935. It was here that Schubert and his friend Fritz Schulte were excluded from the party central committee, scapegoated for the party's misfortunes and distanced from the apparatus of the party and of the Comintern. He was given a relatively low-profile position in International Red Aid, the international Communist workers' welfare organisation. However, on 15 May 1937, in the context of the purges (" Чистки") that were a feature of political life in Moscow during the later 1930s, Hermann Schubert was arrested by the NKVD. He was identified as a participant in the "Anti-Comintern block", and on 22 March 1938 he was condemned to death and, later the same day, shot.
Two months later, in May 1938, the government back home in Germany posthumously stripped Hermann Schubert of his German citizenship.
References
1886 births
1938 deaths
People from Erzgebirgskreis
People from the Kingdom of Saxony
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Independent Social Democratic Party politicians
Communist Party of Germany politicians
Members of the Reichstag of the Weimar Republic
Prussian politicians
German trade unionists
Refugees from Nazi Germany in the Soviet Union
Great Purge victims from Germany
People who lost German citizenship
WD repeat-containing protein 62 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the WDR62 gene.
Function
WDR62 is a scaffold protein and interacts with different kinases. WDR62 plays a role in mediating activation of the JNK pathway in response to TNFα. This finding might have implications in the research of TNFα related diseases such as autoimmune diseases and cancer. It has been also shown that WDR62 upregulation can lead to overproliferation of glia cells and potentially glioma and this is coupled with an upregulation in AURKA, AKT, MYC and PI3K signalling.
WDR62 effect on neurogenesis is regulated by MEKK3 in coordination with FBW7 (F-box and WD repeat domain-containing protein 7).
WDR62 has been shown to have a regulatory role on hippocampus development and neurogenesis.
WDR62 is also involved in male spermatogenesis with an essential role in centriole duplication and manchette removal during the spermatogenesis process. The deficiency of WDR62 results in low sperm counts with defected motility, and abnormal morphology.
Clinical significance
Mutations in the WDR62 gene cause of a wide spectrum of severe cerebral cortical malformations including microcephaly, pachygyria with cortical thickening, hypoplasia of the corpus callosum, polymicrogyria as well as microlissencephaly.
Cortical malformation, associated with WDR62 point mutations occurring in humans (V65M and R438H) has been linked to ciliopathies. These WDR62 point mutations drive ciliary disruption in Radial glial cell via disrupting the cilia and centrosome localization of CENPJ and the Intraflagellar transport protein 88 (IFT88), which are required for tubulin requitment to centrosome and transport of tubulin to the cilia tip, respectively.
References
Further reading
The Gentle Falcon is a historical novel for young readers by Hilda Lewis, based on the story of King Richard II and his child bride, Isabella, written in first person from the point of view of a close companion of the Queen. It was published by Oxford University Press in 1952 and adapted as a television series by the BBC in 1954. In 1957 the first American edition was published by Criterion Books.
Hilda Lewis, a prolific writer of adult historical fiction, also wrote two other historical novels for young adult readers, Harold Was My King (about Harold Godwinson) and Here Comes Harry (set in 15th century London).
Plot summary
Isabella Clinton is the daughter and only child of a French noblewoman, from the House of Valois, and an English soldier. With her father dead, she is heir to his estate but prefers working in the fields to learning to be a proper noblewoman. This is made clear from her sharp tongue and blunt way of speaking.
After the death of her father, it seems that the Black Prince has forgotten Isabella and her mother. It is quite a long time before Isabella is finally summoned to court by King Richard – and when she finally is, it is to be companion to her young kinswoman, Isabella of the House of Valois, Madame of France and soon to be Queen of England.
It is through Isabella Clinton's eyes that we see the love Isabella of France develops for King Richard. Although only seven years old at her first appearance, the Queen shows maturity for her age – but what happens to her throughout the book causes her great sorrow, even though she does not show it on the outside.
Reception
In a star review, Kirkus Reviews described The Gentle Falcon as a "sparkling, poignant fictionalized biography" and "princely reading fare." while the Wisconsin library bulletin reprinted a review by the Bulletin of the Children's Book Center that called it "An intriguing story..."
Television adaptation
The British Broadcasting Corporation produced a seven-episode television series based on The Gentle Falcon, which was broadcast from 15 June 1954. Glen Alyn played the adult Isabella, while Victoria Nolan played her as a girl.
Sources
The Gentle Falcon, by Hilda Lewis
References
1952 British novels
1952 children's books
Children's historical novels
British children's novels
British historical novels
Novels set in the Middle Ages
Novels about royalty
Oxford University Press books
Sri Manjang is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2080 people living in 409 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Es goyang is a traditional Indonesian street food usually sold by street vendors on the side of roads. It is usually prepared on the spot, dipped into melted chocolate when it freezes, toppings are also sometimes put onto the es goyang when the chocolate is still liquid. Some of the most popular toppings for es goyang are peanuts and sprinkles.
History
Es goyang was invented in during the early 1970s though it was most well known in the 1980s and 1990s. Es goyang has always been sold in carts with slots to make it. The cart would be shaken side to side to let it freeze evenly. This is where it got the name es goyang from, goyang means shake in Indonesian.
Es goyang was usually sold in front of schools or other building in big cities as to attract more customers. Though today, the amount of es goyang vendors is decreasing due to modernization in cities and lack of interest in general. The oldest known es goyang vendor still operating as of 2018 is a vendor in South Jakarta, they have been continuously selling es goyang since 1972. Lack of interest is suspected to be because of competition from other variations of ice cream street foods.
Making process
Unlike other variations of ice cream, es goyang is not made with any cream or milk. Instead it uses mung bean flour and corn flour as its base. Sugar is added to make it sweet. At this stage, a flavoring is added to the mixture, usually vanilla, chocolate, strawberry, or mung bean. Then the mixture is boiled over a small flame while being continuously mixed. After it boils, it is put in a mold in an ice bath or in a freezer.
After the mixture is put into the mold, a skewer is put in place. It is left to freeze until solid. If it was made in a traditional cart, it would be shaken to speed up the freezing process and so it freezes evenly. After the mixture is solid, it is put into melted chocolate to give it a coat of chocolate. Toppings might also be put on the es goyang, such as peanut chunks or sprinkles.
References
Indonesian snack foods
Blood and Henna is a 2012 Nigerian film directed by Kenneth Gyang, starring Ali Nuhu, Sadiq Sani Sadiq and Nafisat Abdullahi. The film tries to narrate the ordeal of the 1996 Pfizer Clinical Test in Kano, Nigeria. It received 6 nominations at the 9th Africa Movie Academy Awards, and eventually won only the award for Best Costume Design.
Plot
Set in a 1996 Nigeria, a Lagos shop-owner, Musa returns to his hometown in Northern Nigeria after his shop was set ablaze in Lagos due to political unrests in the state by opposing parties. Musa is warmly welcomed in his village by everyone especially from two of his very close friends. One of his friends, Shehu, a journalist very critical of the present military government had to quit his job to teach in a community school. Saude's father is the wealthiest farmer in the village. He married off Sude to Musa after He expanded his father's business with his expertise in farming. The couple were having a perfect marriage until she began to have series of miscarriages. A deadly infection is spread across the village which threatens the very existence of the community.
Cast
Sadiq Sani Sadiq
Nafisat Abdullahi
Ali Nuhu
Ibrahim Daddy
Beauty Sankey
Salihu Bappa
Yachat Sankey
Release
A trailer for the film was released on November 25, 2011.
Accolades
References
Nigerian drama films
Films about infectious diseases
Hausa-language culture
Best Costume Design Africa Movie Academy Award winners
Jorge Antonio Flores Villafaña (born September 16, 1989) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a left-back for Major League Soccer club LA Galaxy.
Career
Youth
Villafaña spent part of his childhood in Pénjamo, Guanajuato, Mexico before returning to the United States for high school. He attended Anaheim High School and became captain of the soccer team. In March 2007, Villafaña won Sueño MLS, a reality show that led to a try-out with Major League Soccer. His reality show win earned him the nickname "Sueño". Villafaña beat out around 2,000 other competitors to earn a spot on Chivas USA's U-19 squad.
Professional
Villafaña was signed by Chivas USA to a professional contract in July 2007. He made his only appearance of the season as a substitute in a 3–0 win over New York Red Bulls. He scored in 2008 season debut against D.C. United as a substitute. Villafaña made his first career start the following week against the Colorado Rapids and scored on a glancing header to seal the game for Chivas USA. Villafaña scored again the following week against the Columbus Crew. While with Chivas USA, Villafaña appeared in 86 league matches and scored 7 goals.
After the 2013 season, Villafaña was traded to the Portland Timbers. He would make 50 starts over two seasons with the Timbers. The Timbers won 2015 MLS Cup; Villafaña's performance in that victory was highlighted as strong by several analysts and commentators.
Following the triumph, Villafaña was sold to Liga MX club Santos Laguna for a reported fee of just under $1 million.
On August 8, 2018, Villafaña was re-acquired by the Portland Timbers.
On January 12, 2021, Villafaña was traded to LA Galaxy.
International
In 2007, Villafaña was called up for the United States U-20 for its trip to Buenos Aires, Argentina from November 23 to December 3. The team was part of an 11-day training camp with the U-20 squads of Paraguay, Argentina, and Uruguay. Villafaña played in all three of the USA's games during the trip. A game tying assist against River Plate's reserves and a game-tying goal against the Argentina national under-20 football team helped earn him the honor of team captain.
Villafaña appeared in all three of the USA's games at the 2008 Campos Verde International in Beja, Portugal. Villafaña scored his second international goal against the Bolton Wanderers Reserves in a 2–0 win in Bolton, England on May 7, 2008. He assisted a goal in the USA's 2–1 win over the Manchester United Reserves the following day.
On January 29, 2017, Villafaña made his full United States debut in a friendly against Serbia. He went on to establish himself as the USMNT's first-choice left back for the unsuccessful 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign. On March 25, he was cap-tied to the United States in a World Cup qualifying match against Honduras. In July 2017 he helped the USMNT win the CONCACAF Gold Cup with his play in several games, including starts in the semifinal 2-0 win over Costa Rica and the final 2-1 win over Jamaica.
Personal life
In November 2011, Villafaña changed his name from "Jorge Flores" to "Jorge Villafaña" opting to take his mother's maiden name as his last name.
On May 17, 2018, Jorge and his wife were robbed of over $20,000 USD in a shopping mall after exchanging currency after the first leg of the 2018 Liga MX final.
Honors
Portland Timbers
MLS Cup: 2015
Western Conference (playoffs): 2015
MLS is Back Tournament: 2020
Santos Laguna
Liga MX: Clausura 2018
United States U20
CONCACAF U-20 Championship: 2009
United States
CONCACAF Gold Cup: 2017
See also
Sueño MLS
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
American soccer players
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
United States men's under-23 international soccer players
United States men's international soccer players
American sportspeople of Mexican descent
American expatriate soccer players
Chivas USA players
Portland Timbers players
Santos Laguna footballers
Soccer players from Anaheim, California
Major League Soccer players
Liga MX players
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
CONCACAF Gold Cup-winning players
Association football fullbacks
2009 CONCACAF U-20 Championship players
Homegrown Players (MLS)
LA Galaxy players
The Captain James Newman House is a historic home in Knox County, Tennessee, United States, located at 8906 Newman Lane. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The house was built adjacent to the French Broad River in 1898 by Captain James Newman, who owned and operated a riverboat on the river. Like most houses built along the French Broad River in that era, the house had a steamboat landing in its front yard. The two-story house is an example of Queen Anne style architecture in the United States.
The house was listed on the National Register in 1998. It is privately owned.
References
Houses in Knox County, Tennessee
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Knoxville, Tennessee
Alessandro del Caccia (died 1649) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Pistoia (1600–1649).
Biography
On 3 Jul 1600, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Clement VIII as Bishop of Pistoia.
On 9 Jul 1600, he was consecrated bishop by Alessandro Ottaviano de' Medici, Archbishop of Florence, with Bernardo del Nero, Bishop of Bisignano, and Andrea Sorbolonghi, Bishop of Gubbio, serving as co-consecrators.
He served as Bishop of Pistoia until his death on 4 Sep 1649.
Episcopal succession
While bishop, he was the principal co-consecrator of:
Cosmas Minerbetti, Bishop of Cortona (1622);
Basile Cacace, Auxiliary Bishop of Ravenna and Titular Archbishop of Ephesus (1624);
Francesco Nori, Bishop of San Miniato (1624); and
Giovanni della Robbia, Bishop of Bertinoro (1624).
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement VIII
1649 deaths
House at 285 Sea Cliff Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County, New York. It was built in 1884 and is a -story clapboard house with a square plan and cross-gabled roof in the Italianate style. It features deep overhanging eaves with decorative scrollsawn brackets and round arched windows.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Italianate architecture in New York (state)
Houses in Nassau County, New York
Houses completed in 1884
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
"Painted in Blood" is the third episode of the sixth season of British television show Midsomer Murders and the twenty-sixth episode overall. It stars John Nettles as Detective Chief Inspector Tom Barnaby and Daniel Casey as Detective Sergeant Gavin Troy.
Plot
Joyce Barnaby joins a painting society, and finds the body of Ruth Fairfax, an elderly lady who is part of her art class. Almost as soon as she is identified, her husband, DCI Barnaby is quickly replaced by members of the National Intelligence Squad (NIS) and finds himself relegated to Operation Pondlife, a local initiative designed to clamp down on bag snatching. DS Troy continues on the murder case, and at first is dazzled by the visiting detectives who take him under their wing.
Investigating unofficially after he has been taken off the case, Barnaby discovers that the murdered painter was in fact a member of the NIS disguised as an old woman. He feeds evidence to Troy, who gradually becomes disillusioned with the way the NIS conduct their inquiries - for instance in their attempt to frame a local house painter, they exclude him from the interrogation when he suggests inquiries that might exonerate the suspect.
Barnaby deduces that 'Ruth Fairfax' was murdered by the NIS investigating officer, who was disguised as one of the watercolourists. This was because she was honest, whereas the other NIS officers are crooked. One of the members of a gang which pulled off a big robbery at Heathrow had given evidence against his colleagues and in return been given a new identity under the witness protection programme. He had hidden £5 million inside an old linen press in the security vault of the local branch of Shires Bank. The crooked NIS officers try to steal the money, but Barnaby and Troy foil them. The two junior NIS officers turn on their boss because he has murdered their female colleague despite having promised them there would be no violence. The 3 NIS officers are arrested.
There are several amusing subplots:
The local woman who looks drives Joyce home after she discovers the corpse is dismissive of older men who turn to drink; when Barnaby comes home, he immediately pours himself a glass of wine;
The NIS officers, who ape the FBI by wearing sharp suits and sunglasses, are derisive of the skills of their rural colleagues, yet Barnaby and Troy out-detect them;
The bank branch is to be closed, and the bank manager decides to steal some of the hidden money, but repents when Barnaby arrives. However he is consoled when the art teacher tells him the antique linen press is worth a lot of money.
The episode features performances from John Sessions as the art teacher and Leslie Phillips as a retired major.
Murders
There is only one murder committed in this episode. However, throughout the episode, there are various crimes committed including 2 attempted bank robberies in the episode's conclusion, taking place within minutes of each other.
Ruth Fairfax (also known as Angela Browning): Stabbed in the back on the village green with a chisel whilst painting.
References
Midsomer Murders episodes
2002 British television episodes
Mole Creek is a town in the upper Mersey Valley, in the central north of Tasmania, Australia. Mole Creek is well known for its honey and accounts for about 35 percent of Tasmania's honey production.
The locality is in the Meander Valley Council area, but with about 3% in the Kentish Council LGA.
History
Australian Aboriginals have lived on the island of Tasmania for thousands of years. The earliest archaeological evidence for Aboriginal habitation of Tasmania is from the valley of the Forth River, 35000 years before the present. Prior to European settlement, Mole Creek, along with much of the surrounding area, was part of the lands of the Pallittorre aboriginal tribe. Their range included Deloraine, the face of the Great Western Tiers, and the Gog mountain range to the north of Mole Creek where they mined ochre in the Toolumbunner ochre pits. There is evidence that they had been settled in the Mole Creek area for at least 10,000 years. As Europeans moved onto their land the two groups came into conflict, many aboriginals and some Europeans were killed. Their population in the area has been estimated to drop from 200 to 60 during 1827-30.
During the 1820s, the Van Diemen's Land Company cut a stock route from Deloraine to Emu Bay (now known as Burnie) via Chudleigh and Mole Creek. Prior to these cattlemen had run cattle and built stockman's huts on the land west of Westbury. From the 1820s onwards land grants began being issued as the land was gradually surveyed. A systemic exploration of Mole Creek and the area west was conducted in 1826 by Edward Curr, Joseph Fossey and Henry Hellyer. Mole Creek was originally a mixture of tall forest, plains and boggy marsh. Settlers in the early 19th century cleared the land largely using fire and the ring barking of trees. The land was first held in large leaseholds by the wealthiest in the colony of Tasmania. In the mid-19th century a number of waste lands acts were passed by the government allowing for smaller holdings, opening up the then densely forested land around the town of Mole Creek. Many of these first settlers were farm labourers or ex-convicts, who had worked as labourers or tenant farmers on the larger holdings.
The name Mole Creek comes from a nearby stream, recorded as early as the Land Commissioner's reports' maps from 1826-28. This creek flows above ground, and in portions underground through the caves underlying the area. The caves of the nearby Mole Creek Karst National Park, which include the show caves Marakoopa Cave and King Solomons Cave, have attracted tourists since the 1850s. Their popularity encouraged the establishment of tourist facilities in Mole Creek including Howe's Boarding House and Lee's Mountain View Guest House.
By 1876 the town had a water-powered flour mill and water powered saw mill. At the same time a Wesleyan chapel and minister's residence were being constructed. A post office opened on 28 May 1884 though the town remained small. A former resident remembered Mole Creek in the 1890s as "a small bush settlement". Lime kilns were built at Mole Creek in the late 19th century, taking advantage of the extensive limestone in the area.
20th century
In the early 20th century the opening of some scenic caves for tourism lead to further development in the town. King Solomon's Cave was discovered in 1906 and opened for tours in 1908. Marakoopa cave was found in 1910, opened in 1912 and sold to the state tourist department in 1919. Edward Charles James, who had obtained a lease on King Solomon's Cave, built what is now the Mole creek hotel over 1907-8 as a 30-room guest house. Due to some unusual sale conditions he could not serve alcohol. The building was sold in 1910 to George Lee who ran it as the Mountain View Guest House. A grocery and hardware shop ran from part of the building from 1929 to 1965. In June 1953 the sale conditions were overcome and a licence to serve alcohol was granted.
Robert Stephens had kept bees as a hobby. After he returned from service in World War I he continued his interest. He opened a commercial honey production facility in Mole Creek in 1918. By 1923 the factory had 50 hives and was selling honey under the Golden Bee brand. Since 1951 it has concentrated on leatherwood honey. Each year hives are transported to Tasmania's west coast to make honey with the distinctive flavour of leatherwood (Eucryphia lucida and Eucryphia milliganii). The Factory and Apiary are provisionally registered on the Tasmanian Heritage Register. It has operated on the same site since operations began; the oldest building is a c.1920 timber cottage and the prominent façade that faces the main road dates from the 1970s. The factory is run by Stephen's decedents using the "Golden Bee" label introduced in 1930 and the "Golden Nectar" label for leatherwood honey introduced 1951. As of 2010 it was producing of honey each year and approximately 35% of all Tasmanian honey.
Electricity, supplied by the Hydroelectric Commission, reached Mole Creek in 1936 and street lighting was installed soon after. Construction of a memorial hall began at the end of 1950, funded by a state government grant of 1000 pounds. A driving force behind construction was the school's lack of a recreation hall forcing them to on occasion rent the Methodist Hall. The Mole Creek bush nursing centre was opened in mid-1944. and came under control of the Launceston Public Hospitals District Board in 1968. The site is now a health centre housing the Mole Creek Child Health Centre and is operated by the Department of Health and Human Services.
Railway
A rail line was opened in 1890. It ran to Mole Creek, through Chudleigh, from a junction near Deloraine on the Western Line. There was a plan to extend the line further west and government surveyors employed to this end. The survey was cancelled in 1891 and by 1900 there was no longer an expectation that the line would be extended to Tasmania's west coast. Throughout its existence, it carried mostly timber destined for the paper mill at Burnie and, in later days, woodchips for Bell Bay. From the 1920s passenger services, which on occasion ran as far as Devonport, were mostly conducted by railcars. From the 1970s to the 1980s the track saw extensive use transporting limestone to South Burnie. The rail extension was closed in 1985 and the track lifted in 1992.
Religion
The Deloraine Wesleyan district decided, in 1875, to erect a chapel in Mole creek.
Construction began on the Methodist (Wesleyan) church, on donated land, and an associated cottage in late 1876. It was completed in 1878, then enlarged in 1880, at which time the original building was moved to the rear and used as a supper room. An adjacent church hall was added in 1919. The Wesleyan chapel was rented by the Government for a school from at least June 1879. A new parsonage was built and opened in 1956 but was subsequently sold to Forestry Tasmania in 1972. In 1976, along with most Methodist churches in Australia, it became part of the Uniting Church in Australia. It was still used as of 1996 but was subsequently closed and sold.
A news report in 1900 reports that, in addition to the Wesleyan weatherboard church, there was a Baptist church and in 1905 the town had a Seventh-day Adventist church. In the 19th century Anglican services were held in the Wesleyan chapel. St Colombia's Anglican church was built in Mole Creek and dedicated in September 1902 by Bishop Henry Montgomery and Gilbert White, a missionary. The church was in the parish of Deloraine and was closed in the early 1990s. Mole Creek's only remaining church is part of the Presbyterian Church of Australia, in the Presbytery of Bass. St Andrew's church was consecrated 12 September 1932. It celebrated its 40th Anniversary in 1972 and remains in use.
Geography and climate
The town of Mole Creek lies at above sea level. The Mole Creek-Chudleigh karst is an area underlain by limestone with underground streams, sinkholes and caves. It was formed when Gondwanaland was covered by a shallow sea approximately 500 million years ago. The area has a layer of Ordovician limestone, approximately thick covering an area , and other sedimentary rocks. The town is surrounded by a plain underlain by this limestone which crops up through the overlying sediments. Nearby hills have prominent basalt, limestone and dolerite depending on location. The flats are of alluvial origin with Permian sediments formed from mudstone and sandstone. The karst is riddled with over 400 caves and sinkholes, some of which are open to the public. King Solomon's Cave and the Marakoopa Caves became part of a state cave reserve in 1939. The caves and many other parts of the karst became part of the Mole Creek Karst National Park when it was formed in 1996.
The agricultural land around Mole Creek is mostly suited to grazing, intensive in some areas, though some is marginal cropping land that requires careful crop rotation with seasons where the land must be left fallow.
Mole creek has a cool temperate climate. The area is notably frosty in winter and experiences the occasional snowfall. The average rainfall of is significantly higher than parts of the Meander Valley Council area further to the east. The average rainfall has noticeably declined over the past 3-4 decades.
School
Mole Creek Primary school is a government school for students from kindergarten to grade 6 that has, as of 2015, 76 students. There was a state school in Mole Creek by 1900. It was changed to a district or area school in 1936. A single-room school building, and associated teacher's residence, had been constructed over 1892–93 in Caveside. When the school was closed in 1937 the building was moved to Mole Creek in 1938 and used for 'domestic arts' at school. Western Creek, near Meander, had a school from 1893 to 1938. After it closed some students attended Meander's school, but others moved to schools at Mole Creek and Deloraine. This school building was also moved and added to those at Mole Creek's school. The primary school services surrounding districts including Chudleigh and Caveside. The nearest high school is in Deloraine.
Current town
The town is named after Mole Creek, a tributary of the Mersey River. This creek is named due to the way that it appears above ground, descends below ground into the limestone cave system, then reappears multiple times. The main industries in the area are forestry, farming, limestone mining and the R Stephen's honey factory. One of the largest non-farm employers in the area is Unimim Lime Limited. They quarry and process limestone to make quicklime and hydrated lime. As of 2007 they employed 28 people at Mole Creek is well known for its honey and accounts for about 35 percent of Tasmania's honey production including Leatherwood honey—a noted monofloral honey—which is unique to Tasmania and sold internationally.
Nearby is the Mole Creek Karst National Park , which includes the show caves Marakoopa Cave and King Solomons Cave. These caves have been popular with tourists for over 100 years. Trowunna Wildlife Park is a private sanctuary a short distance on the main road towards Chudleigh. The park contains native Australian animals both in enclosures and free-ranging. It works as part of the effort to preserve Tasmanian devils by keeping a population that are free of facial tumour disease, and runs as a training centre for animal handling and animal keeping. Other animals at the park include spotted-tail quolls, eastern quolls, wombats, grey kangaroos, red-necked wallabies, pademelons, potoroos, bettongs, bandicoots, pygmy possums, wedge-tailed eagles, brown falcons, goshawks, owls, green rosellas, black swans, ducks, honeyeaters, wrens and robins.
Mole Creek has a volunteer fire brigade. It first ran from 1956 to 1962 and was disbanded due to lack of local interest. A district brigade and fire station had been re-established by 1970. The town had a cricket club by the early 20th century and an Australian rules football club by 1946. The football club still exists and plays in the Leven Football Association. The cricket club plays in the Northern Midlands Cricket Association. The town has a community maintained swimming pool. Mole Creek's cemetery opened in 1916, serving also Caveside, and remains open. Mole Creek has a hotel, established in 1907, a guest house and restaurant, a swimming pool and adjacent community hall, supermarket, service station, post office and a church.
Mole Creek is in the Meander Valley Council local government area, the Division of Lyons—for the state house of assembly and the federal house of representatives— and the state legislative council electoral division of Western Tiers. At the 2011 census, Mole Creek's statistical area—covering —had a population of 609 though the town itself had only 230.
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Mole Creek community website
Localities of Meander Valley Council
Towns in Tasmania
Central Highlands (Tasmania)
The 2021–22 season was the 90th season in the existence of FC Metz and the club's third consecutive season in the top flight of French football. In addition to the domestic league, Metz participated in this season's edition of the Coupe de France.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.
Coupe de France
Statistics
Goalscorers
References
FC Metz seasons
Metz
Simkins is a surname, and may refer to:
David Simkins. American screenwriter and producer
Eldred Simkins (1779–1831), American lawyer and politician from South Carolina; U.S. representative 1818–21
Francis Butler Simkins (1897–1966), American historian
Geoff Simkins (b. 1948), British jazz musician and saxophonist
George Simkins Jr. (1924 – 2001). American dentist and civil rights activist.
Greg "Craola" Simkins (b 1975) American artist.
Modjeska Monteith Simkins (1899–1992), American civil rights leader
Ormond Simkins (1879 – 1921) American football and baseball player
Paris Simkins (1849-1930.African-American storekeeper, lawyer, minister, barber, and politician
William Stewart Simkins (1842–1929), American law professor; said to have fired the first shot of the American Civil War
Sergey Alikovich Arakelov (, born 18 July 1957) is a retired Russian heavyweight weightlifter. Between 1978 and 1982 he won two world titles and set five world records: two in the snatch, two in the clean and jerk and one in the total. While competing at the 1979 World Championships Arakelov severely injured his shoulder and recovered only by 1982. He retired in 1983 due to another injury.
After retiring from competitions Arakelov graduated in economics and served as a sports functionary. His uncle Yuri Radonyak was an Olympic medalist in boxing; his father was also a boxer and his mother competed in rhythmic gymnastics.
Controversies
In 2015, in an ongoing court case, Arakelov was accused of being a pedophile and sexually harassing his then 3 year old granddaughter, with several experts confirming the fact.
References
1957 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Krasnodar
Russian male weightlifters
Soviet male weightlifters
European Weightlifting Championships medalists
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
Fazl (, also Romanized as Faz̤l) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 6 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Glaphyromorphus arnhemicus is a species of skink found in the Northern Territory.
References
Glaphyromorphus
Reptiles described in 1967
Taxa named by Glen Milton Storr
Kind Words (lo fi chill beats to write to) is a 2019 casual video game developed by American indie developer Popcannibal, consisting of programmer and designer Ziba Scott and artist Luigi Guatieri. The game was first released as a Humble Bundle Original in July 2019, and was released on Steam in September 2019. In the game, the player can send and request letters to and from other players anonymously over the internet, while lo-fi music plays in the background.
Gameplay
When first opening the game, the player is met by Ella, a mail carrier deer who is nervous of her new job. After writing a short letter to inspire the deer, the player is then asked for their name, of which only the first letter is used in the future. The player can then choose to either write an anonymous letter to someone requesting letters, request letters from other players, or send a paper airplane, with a short message attached.
The only view available is the player's bedroom, which may be used to display physical representations of the player's stickers.
Letters
The player can anonymously request letters from other players, and can also send a letter to other players who are requesting letters. When a player chooses to write a letter, the player can choose to reply to or skip a request from their queue. Each request is a short statement on a card, and each letter is a message on a piece of paper. The player may also choose to include a sticker among a collection of stickers sent to them by previous players.
When a player receives a letter, it goes into the player's inbox. There, the player can read responses made by other players to their past requests.
Paper airplanes can also be seen flying across the screen. When interacted with, the paper airplane will show the message inside. These paper airplanes can be sent or received by other players, and contain short and usually inspirational messages.
Reception
The game has been praised by multiple reviewers for its positive community. A review for Polygon describes Kind Words as "a simultaneously disarming yet intense experience." A Kotaku review mentions instances of trolling on the game which occur as an effect of livestreaming. Scott addressed this, saying that trolls "rarely hang around long" and that only 3% of most letters were reported, most of which being off-topic content. An A.V. Club writer praised the gameplay and claimed that the community behind it helps make the game "troll-proof."
Awards
References
External links
2019 video games
Casual games
Indie video games
Multiplayer video games
Social simulation video games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games with isometric graphics
Windows games
Linux games
MacOS games
British Academy Games Award for Game Beyond Entertainment winners
Kifli, kiflice, kifle or kipferl is a traditional yeast bread roll that is rolled and formed into a crescent before baking.
It is a common type of bread roll throughout much of central Europe and nearby countries, where it is called by different names. It is thought to be the inspiration for the French croissant, which has a very similar shape but is made with a different type of dough.
Names
The breadstuff or pastry is called:
kifli in Hungarian
kipfl in Austrian Italy
Kipferl in Austrian German
küpfel or a Meidlinger roll in Vienna
kifla or кифла (pl. kifle or kiflice) in Croatian, Bosnian, and Serbian
кифла or kifla in Bulgarian
кифла in Macedonian
kifle in Albanian
giffel in Danish and Swedish
gipfel in Switzerland
rogal or rogalik (little horn) in Polish
rohlík in Czech
rožok in Slovak
рогалик/rogalik in Russian
рогалик/rohalyk in Ukrainian
rogljiček or kifelc in Slovene
cornuleț in Romanian
horn (horn) in Norwegian
Hörnchen (little horn) in German
In Old High German, Kipfa meant "carriage stanchion" and referred to the stanchions or "horns" of a cart. In the 13th century, that usage referred to a bread shape of pagan origin.
The Czech, Slovak, Polish, Slovenian, Ukrainian and Russian names origin from the Slavic word rogal or rohel ("horned") as diminutives. That originates from "rog/roh" ("horn/protrusion"). Some other languages use a simple translation ("horn", "cornulet").
The similarity of the words "rohalyk" or "rohlík" with the English word „roll“ is coincidental, the words are not related by origin. The Slavic root "rog" can be hypothetically related with the German verb "ragen" ("to protrude").
Background
Kifli are a traditional yeasted bread rolled into a crescent shape. The Austrian is a small wheat roll with pointed ends. The 17th-century Austrian monk Abraham a Sancta Clara described the roll as crescent shaped, writing "the moon in the first quarter shines like a kipfl", and noted there were kifli in various forms: "vil lange, kurze, krumpe und gerade kipfel" ("many long, short, crooked and straight kipfel").
Breads or pastries in the shape of a crescent moon are believed to have been served in ancient times as offerings to the goddess of the moon, Selene. The shape is also reminiscent of horns; both are associated with ancient symbolism and considered the oldest surviving pastry shape. A moon shaped pastry creates itself naturally by hand-rolling a ball of dough into a cylinder form.
A list of foods eaten in a 10th-century convent include panis lunatis, described as a small crescent-shaped roll often eaten during fasts.
The kifli has been documented in Austria to at least 1227 when they were recorded in Babenberg-ruled Vienna as chipfen:
In Austria the kifli (nowadays called Kipferl) is formally recognized by the government as a traditional food. According to the Austrian Ministry of Sustainability and Tourism, kifli were probably a traditional monastery pastry baked for Easter. They are described as crescent-shaped rolls made of yeast wheat dough in a variety of shapes and as being popular for coffee breaks and breakfasts, particularly in Vienna.
The kifli likely inspired the similarly shaped French croissant, which is made from a laminated pastry dough.
Origin myths
A common culinary myth claims that when Christian forces freed Buda from Ottoman occupation in 1686 the bakers of the town celebrated the victory the next day by selling freshly baked bread rolls made into a crescent shape. Another story claims the Kipferl was invented in Vienna after or during the siege of the city by Ottoman Turks.
Preparation
Traditionally, kifli are made by cutting sheets of soft yeast dough into triangular wedges, rolling them into crescent shapes and baking them. Unlike the French croissant (crescent), Kifli is made from a plain, bread-like dough and is more akin to a roll than to pastry. Kifli is also thinner and longer than the croissant. Kifli are made in various sizes; some of them weigh as much as small bread loaf.
In commercial preparation, the dough is mixed, cut into small pieces, and fed into a machine that flattens and rolls it. The following manual process is similar to the traditional process.
Varieties
Regular
When they come out of the oven, the rolls can be left plain or brushed with water to make them shiny. They can be given an egg wash and sprinkled with either poppy seeds or caraway seeds mixed with coarse salt. The latter variety is often made into a straight shape rather than a crescent. Kifli is eaten like bread or rolls; it is usually made into a sandwich, sometimes plain or with butter like a fresh baguette. Often, especially for breakfast, the topping is jam or honey. They may also be used for dunking.
Fine
This is the same as the regular style but the dough may contain butter or other shortening and milk. It is sweeter than the regular variety and is well-suited to be eaten with jam or honey, and is commonly eaten for breakfast with coffee, hot chocolate or milk. It might also be an accompaniment for drinks like Doogh and Kumis.
Sweets
There are a couple of sweet rolls named "kifli" to describe their shape; they are eaten at the end of a meal or with an afternoon drink; these are not kifli, which when used on its own, always means the regular or fine varieties. In German, these are differentiated with a different spelling: Kipferl compared to Kipfel for the yeast bread.
Vanillekipferl is a small, very short soft cookie made from a dough of ground nuts instead of flour. It is originally made with walnuts but almonds are more often used outside of Hungary. Once baked they are rolled in vanilla-flavored confectioners' sugar then allowed to cool.
Bratislavský rožok/bratislavské rožky, diós kifli, mákos kifli, also known as Pozsonyi kifli and in German as Preßburger Kipfel, are crescent-shaped, sweet, leavened pastries filled with a sweet walnut or poppy paste. Under the name Bratislavský rožok / Pozsonyi kiflia, they are registered as Traditional Speciality Guaranteed products in the EU and the UK. They are a variety of beigli, very similar in flavor but different in shape and size.
Other uses
Stale kipfel are used to make a sweet bread pudding called Kipfelkoch.
Gallery
See also
List of breads
Cornetto, an Italian crescent pastry
Rogal świętomarciński, a crescent cake baked in Poznań, Poland, for St. Martin's Day
Rugelach, a filled crescent pastry popular in Jewish communities in Poland
References
Pastries with poppy seeds
Austrian pastries
Bosnia and Herzegovina cuisine
Bulgarian pastries
Croatian pastries
Czech pastries
Hungarian pastries
Macedonian cuisine
Serbian cuisine
Slovak cuisine
German breads
Hungarian breads
Breads of the Czech Republic
Serbian breads
Austrian breads
Easter bread
Olaf C. Olsen (February 26, 1899 - April 5, 1976) was a Socialist legislator from Milwaukee. He was a law student at Marquette University Law School in 1922 when he was elected to the first of his two terms in the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 11th Milwaukee County district (11th and 24th wards of the City of Milwaukee).
Background
Olsen was born February 26, 1899 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He graduated from South Division High School. He worked for the City of Milwaukee repairing traffic signals (a job on which he was injured, while working without safety devices). As of the 1923 opening of the legislature, he was attending the law school of Marquette University.
Assembly
He had never held a public office before being elected to the assembly in November, 1922, receiving 3,643 votes to 887 for Democrat Alex J. Roselik (portions of this district had been represented by William E. Jordan and portions by Stephen Stolowski prior to reapportionment; both were Socialists). The youngest member of the legislature (he was just 22) he was appointed to the Assembly's standing committee on the judiciary.
In June of 1924, he graduated from Marquette's law school, and was working as acting assistant chief examiner for the City of Milwaukee civil service commission. He was re-elected in November of 1924, with 3817 votes to 3051 for Republican B. J. Adamkiewicz; by this time, his occupation was listed as "secretary".
He did not run for re-election in 1926, and was succeeded by fellow Socialist Elmer Baumann.
Personal life
On July 28, 1923, he married Olive Wilson, an employee of the state tax commission. Olsen would die April 5, 1976. Olive died March 28, 1985.
References
1899 births
Marquette University Law School alumni
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Politicians from Milwaukee
Secretaries
Socialist Party of America politicians from Wisconsin
1976 deaths
20th-century American politicians
South Division High School alumni
Wisconsin lawyers
Craigmaroinn is a skerry in the North Sea near the Aberdeenshire coastline in Scotland. Craigmaroinn is situated midway between the coastal villages of Portlethen Village and Downies. Historical points of interest in the local area are Elsick House, Gillybrands and Muchalls Castle.
History
The vicinity of Craigmaroinn was first recorded in medieval history in association with the Causey Mounth trackway. Craigmaroinn is situated several kilometres east of the ancient Causey Mounth, which road was built on high ground to make passable this only available route from coastal points south from Stonehaven to Aberdeen. This passage connected the River Dee crossing (where the present Bridge of Dee is situated) via Portlethen Moss, Muchalls Castle and Stonehaven to the south. The route was that taken by William Keith, 7th Earl Marischal and the Marquess of Montrose when they led a Covenanter army of 9000 men in the battle of the Civil War in 1639.
See also
May Craig
Portlethen Village
References
Landforms of Aberdeenshire
Skerries of Scotland
Henryk Hiż (8 October 1917 – 19 December 2006) was a Polish analytical philosopher specializing in linguistics, philosophy of language, logic, mathematics and ethics, active for most of his life in the United States, one of the youngest representatives of the Lwów–Warsaw school.
A disciple of Tadeusz Kotarbiński, Hiż studied at the University of Warsaw. During the German occupation of Poland in the World War II, he participated in the Polish resistance movement as a cryptographer in the Home Army. In 1944 he took part in the Warsaw Uprising. In 1948, he defended his Ph.D. at Harvard University under W.V.O. Quine.
In 1950, he permanently emigrated to the United States. He kept in touch with the American logical environment, including with Alfred Tarski, and maintained lively contact with the Polish academic community. He lectured at the University of Pennsylvania between 1960–1988. In 1976 he was a Guggenheim Fellow and a visiting fellow at the University of Cambridge. In 1982 he received the Alfred Jurzykowski Foundation Award. He was a member of the Warsaw Scientific Society.
He published about one hundred original papers in peer-reviewed scientific journals. Strongly influenced by the Lwów–Warsaw school, initially in his research he was interested in semantics, formal logic and methodology of the sciences. From the late 1950s, he dealt mainly with linguistics in relation to logic and philosophy. He described himself as a naturalist and linguistic behaviorist, assuming that the linguistic work is primarily about linguistic behavior. He called himself a “negative utilitarian”; and was also a pacifist and an atheist.
Biography
Eearly life and German occupation
He was born on October 8, 1917 in Petrograd as the son of Tadeusz Hiż and Emilia née Elżanowska. He had an older brother, Stanisław (1915–1999). In 1920, the family came to Poland, settling in Warsaw. Henryk's mother, Emilia, was an architect, while his father Tadeusz Hiż was a journalist, who kept in touch with the Warsaw's bohemian circles. Franciszek Fiszer was, among others, a frequent guest in their house. Years later, Henryk Hiż said that “he obtained a lot from his parental home”.
He attended the Mikołaj Rej High School in Warsaw, where he passed the matriculation examination in 1937. For two years he was an actor at the School Theater of the Reduta Institute. In 1938, he performed in the play Kościuszko near Racławice (Kościuszko pod Racławicami) directed by Maria Dulęba, portraying historical figure Bartosz Głowacki. In the theater, he also met Ewa Kunina, Juliusz Osterwa and Iwo Gall. In the late 1930s he associated with the so-called “democratic youth”, becoming one of the founding members of the anti-fascist Democratic Club in Warsaw.
In 1937 he enrolled at the University of Warsaw to study philosophy. He attended lectures and seminars in logic led by Jan Łukasiewicz, Stanisław Leśniewski and Alfred Tarski. He was most influenced by Tadeusz Kotarbiński, to which he later referred as his master. After the establishment of the ghetto benches at the university, Hiż together with a group of students used to stand against the wall instead of sitting during the lectures, to manifest their opposition to the antisemitic attitude of most of the then-academic staff and co-students.
After the outbreak of World War II, during the German occupation of Poland, Hiż continued his education in the underground university until 1944. At the time, he was appointed an assistant to Kotarbiński and Łukasiewicz, and ran the classes in their absence. In the wartime he made friends with Jerzy Pelc, Klemens Szaniawski, Jan Strzelecki, Andrzej Grzegorczyk and Krzysztof Kamil Baczyński.
Although he was a pacifist from a young age, and he was to say that he would not be able to use a gun even in self-defense, he joined the Home Army and became active in the Polish resistance movement. Later he justified that “a few roundups morally or nervously forced him to” do that. He worked in the Home Army's General Command, in the ciphers department. Mathematician Stefan Mazurkiewicz taught him encryption. In 1943 Henryk Hiż married Danuta Wicentowicz. In 1944 he took part in the Warsaw Uprising, in the rank of second lieutenant (podporucznik). After the fall of the uprising, he was taken prisoner by Nazi Germany and carried to an oflag in Lübeck, where he stayed until the liberation of the Allies. He considered the decision of Polish military command to start an uprising “unwise”.
Studies in Belgium and the U.S., short return to Poland
After the liberation, he enrolled in philosophy at the Université libre de Bruxelles, where he and his wife studied under Chaïm Perelman and Eugène Dupréel. In 1946 they obtained master's degrees (license en philosophie). In the same year, Henryk and Danuta Hiż left for the United States, along with the post-war wave of Eastern European emigrants and refugees.
In 1948, Hiż defended his Ph.D. at Harvard University under Willard Van Orman Quine. In the years 1948–1949 he was a lecturer and tutor at Harvard. There he met Clarence I. Lewis, Percy W. Bridgman and Philipp Frank.
He returned to Poland, where between 1949–1950 he was an adjunct at the Faculty of Mathematics of the University of Warsaw, in the Department of Philosophy of Mathematics headed by Andrzej Mostowski. In the spring of 1950 he lectured at the University of Łódź, rector of which was Tadeusz Kotarbiński. He was friends with Stanisław Ossowski and Maria Ossowska. “A short attempt to settle in the country after the war ended with disappointment”, also due to the “Stalinist course slowly starting to dominate” at the time. In 1950 Henryk Hiż left with his wife back to the U.S.
Permanent emigration to the United States
Between 1950–1951 he was a lecturer at Brooklyn College at New York University and at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. In the years 1951–1953 he was an assistant professor of philosophy of mathematics at the University of Utah. In 1953–1954 he returned to work at the University of Pennsylvania, where he lectured in philosophy. In 1954–1960 he was an assistant professor and associate professor of mathematics at Pennsylvania State University.
In 1962, Henryk Hiż and his wife obtained American citizenship. From 1960, Hiż was an associate professor, and between 1964–1988 he was a full professor of linguistics at the University of Pennsylvania. In the years 1958–1981 he was the Deputy Head of the research group on transformation and text analysis, subsidized by the National Science Foundation. Occasionally, he was also a member of the Faculty of Computer Science and the Faculty of Philosophy of the University of Pennsylvania. He kept in touch with Alfred Tarski, who helped Hiż get employment in the U.S. In Philadelphia, Hiż made a close acquaintance with philosopher Charles H. Kahn, who dedicated his book The Verb “be” in Ancient Greek to Henryk and Danuta Hiż.
In 1966, Hiż was a lecturer at the Tate Institute for Advanced Study in Mumbai. In 1968–1971 he was a visiting professor of philosophy at New York University. In 1973–1976 he was a lecturer in philosophy at Columbia University. Between 1976–1977 he was a Guggenheim Fellow and visiting fellow at Clare Hall at the University of Cambridge. In 1976, he was the President of the Semiotic Society of America.
In 1988 he retired and has since worked as a retired professor of linguistics. He lectured in the fall semester of 1988 and spring of 1990.
Hiż “never lost contact with the Polish scientific community and was keenly interested in the situation in his home country”. In the U.S., his home was “always welcoming guests from Poland”. He was active in the Polish Institute of Arts and Sciences of America. In 1976–1977 he was a visiting professor of philosophy at the Jagiellonian University. In 1991 he was elected a member of the Warsaw Scientific Society. In the years 1991–1992 he was a visiting professor of philosophy at the University of Warsaw. In 1995 he took part in the 6th Polish Philosophical Congress in Toruń, where he gave a lecture on reasoning in the Polish language. In 2001 he presented a paper at the Tarski Centenary conference in Warsaw.
He died on December 19, 2006 at Cape May Point and was buried at the Rakowicki Cemetery in Kraków, in the family tomb (LX headquarters, southern row, place 23).
Work and thought
He specialized in logic and theoretical linguistics. Jan Woleński called him “an outstanding representative of Polish and American analytical philosophy”, “the youngest disciple of the Lwów–Warsaw school”, whose death resulted in the “real end” of this school.
Hiż did not publish any book, but he authored about a hundred original papers, including in The Journal of Philosophy, The Journal of Symbolic Logic, Methods, Philosophy and Phenomenological Research, The Monist, Synthese, The Philosophical Forum and Studia Logica.
At the beginning of his career, he was interested in issues specific to the Lwów–Warsaw school: semantics, formal logic and methodology of the sciences. During this period, he appealed mostly to the philosophy of nominalism of Stanisław Leśniewski and reism of Tadeusz Kotarbiński. Kotarbiński had the greatest impact on the formation of his views (in particular with his work Elements of the Theory of Knowledge, Formal Logic and Methodology of the Sciences, 1929). With time, especially under the influence of American philosophers, Hiż began to abandon the absolutism of his professors in favor of pragmatism and pluralistic eclecticism.
From the late 1950s, “he mainly dealt with linguistics and its logical and philosophical foundations”, focusing his research program on the grammar theory of natural language. He “aimed to give a clear form to the grammar of colloquial speech”. In this way, he went beyond the interests of the Lwów–Warsaw school, claiming that it is possible and necessary to “develop formal logic so that it applies to natural language”, although “he did not postulate the full formalization of the language and its theory”.
His work was maintained in the canon of scientist naturalism. Zellig Harris, who he met in 1951 at the University of Pennsylvania, and whom he considered the main creator of formal grammar, had the greatest influence on him in linguistics. Hiż did not share Noam Chomsky's mentalism and nativism, while “recognizing the importance of the concept of linguistic competence”. Under the influence of Leonard Bloomfield and W.V.O. Quine he adopted the foundations of linguistic behaviorism, according to which the subject of the linguist's work is not mental processes, but language behaviors. He used the terminology introduced by Rudolf Carnap, although he consistently used the term sentence instead of proposition to designate the basic unit of logical examination (which revealed his ties with the Lwów–Warsaw school). He treated language as a set of sentences on which transformations operate; while language comprehension was considered closely related to the understanding of a sentence in the context of the system of other sentences.
In ethics, he advocated negative utilitarianism, recommending “taking care not of good for as many people as possible, but of reducing evil equally to every human being”. He was a pacifist and a tough critic of all forms of racism.
As a “radical atheist”, “he believed that religious faith was a manifestation of irrationalism” and “saw no way to reconcile religion with science”. However, following the view of Kotarbiński, he believed that atheism should be distinguished as part of the worldview from “godlessness, or mocking religion, or eliminating it by force”, and was “as far as possible from imposing a secular worldview on other people”.
In a number of his works he referred to the works of Polish philosophers, first of all Kotarbiński, but also Stanisław Leśniewski and Leon Chwistek. In 2013, a selection of his writings made by Jan Woleński and Barbara Stanosz, translated in Polish by Barbara Stanosz, was published posthumously.
Awards
Guggenheim Fellowship (1976)
Alfred Jurzykowski Foundation Award (1982)
Commemoration
In 1992, on the occasion of the seventy-fifth anniversary of his birth, disciples and friends of Henryk Hiż contributed to the book Philosophical Excerpts (Fragmenty filozoficzne ofiarowane Henrykowi Hiżowi w siedemdziesiątą piątą rocznicę urodzin), edited by Jerzy Pelc.
In 2010, the Polish Semiotics Society established the Henryk and Danuta Hiż Award as “an individual cash prize awarded in a competition for the best work on language philosophy and sign theory”. The Prize Fund is financial resources offered by Henryk and Danuta Hiż to a befriended Polish marriage, who then transferred the funds to the Polish Semiotic Society.
References
1917 births
2006 deaths
21st-century Polish philosophers
20th-century Polish philosophers
21st-century American philosophers
20th-century American philosophers
Polish ethicists
Polish logicians
American ethicists
American logicians
Warsaw Uprising insurgents
Polish emigrants to the United States
Home Army officers
Burials at Rakowicki Cemetery
World War II prisoners of war held by Germany
Columbia University faculty
Jagiellonian University faculty
University of Łódź faculty
New York University faculty
University of Warsaw faculty
Free University of Brussels (1834–1969) alumni
Harvard University alumni
Polish atheists
Radeburg is a town in the district of Meißen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 19 km east of Meißen, and 18 km north of Dresden. The main tourist attraction is the narrow-gauge Radebeul-Radeburg railway line that connects Radeburg and Radebeul via Moritzburg. The painter and illustrator Heinrich Zille was born in Radeburg.
References
Meissen (district)
Kate Fahrner is an American actress and singer.
Career
She appeared in the Broadway production of Wicked as the standby for Glinda. She appeared in the South Pacific, The Full Monty and Cats national tours. She appeared in the Off-Broadway play Under My Skin with Kerry Butler and Megan Sikora as well as the musical production of Sarah, Plain and Tall in 2006 as an understudy for Anna and Caleb.
She played Glinda in the Chicago production of Wicked. She joined as part of the ensemble in 2006 and began to understudy Erin Mackey in early 2007, before replacing her in the role for a limited seven-week period from April 15 through June 1, 2008. She was replaced by Annaleigh Ashford. Fahrner recently joined the Broadway company, replacing Laura Woyasz as the Glinda standby on August 23, 2011.
She played Amber Von Tussle in the Walnut Street Theatre production of Hairspray. She was seen again at Philadelphia's Walnut Street Theatre in their all-new production of Garson Kanin's Born Yesterday, running March 10 through April 26, 2009. She performed in the national tour of South Pacific as part of the ensemble and understudy for Nellie Forbush. She performed in Cabaret as Sally Bowles at the John W. Engeman Theater (Northport, New York) from February 3, 2011 to March 27. She played Jovie in the Walnut Street Theatre production of Elf in 2013.
She played Fantine in the 2015 production of Les Misérables at the Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival
References
External links
Official site
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American stage actresses
21st-century American women
Tubulointerstitial nephritis antigen is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TINAG gene.
TINAG is a basement membrane glycoprotein initially identified as a target of antibodies in some forms of immunologically mediated tubulointerstitial nephritis.[supplied by OMIM]
References
Further reading
The New Ireland myzomela, crimson-fronted myzomela or olive-yellow myzomela (Myzomela pulchella) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
New Ireland myzomela
Birds of New Ireland Province
New Ireland myzomela
New Ireland myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Brace 4 Impak is the debut studio album by American hip hop production team Da Beatminerz. It was released in 2001 via Rawkus Records, and was produced entirely by Da Beatminerz. The album featured guest appearances from Apani B, Black Moon, Blackhearted Skavangerz, Caron Wheeler, Cocoa Brovas, Cordell, Diamond D, Flipmode Squad, Freddie Foxxx, Heather B. Gardner, Jayo Felony, Jean Grae, Krumb Snatcha, Lord Tariq, Naughty by Nature, Pete Rock, Ras Kass, Royce da 5'9", Shadez Of Brooklyn, Talib Kweli, Tefelar, The Last Emperor, Total, and Vinia Mojica.
The album peaked at number 143 on the Billboard 200, number 38 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and number 2 on the Heatseekers Albums. Its lead single, "Take That", peaked at #67 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and #4 on the Hot Rap Songs.
Track listing
References
External links
2001 debut albums
Rawkus Records albums
East Coast hip hop albums
Albums produced by Da Beatminerz
Wallace Samuel Bird (December 7, 1917 – October 2, 1971) was a Canadian businessman and the 23rd Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick since Canadian Confederation.
Born in Marysville, New Brunswick, the son of Charles Bird, he started working with his father in the construction industry after finishing high school. During World War II, he worked with the Saint John Drydock and Shipbuilding Company converting ships to be used in the war. After the war, he started working for Mussens Limited, a Canadian construction equipment firm where he would become Executive Vice-President. In 1968, he was appointed Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick and served until his death in 1971.
In 1941, he married Phyllis Mildred Bailey. They had four children: Richard, David, Nancy, and Michael.
References
Lieutenant-Governors of New Brunswick
University of Moncton citation
1917 births
1971 deaths
20th-century Canadian businesspeople
Lieutenant Governors of New Brunswick
People from York County, New Brunswick
Merriam's small-eared shrew (Cryptotis merriami) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is found in Chiapas, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
References
Merriam's small-eared shrew
Fauna of Southern Mexico
Mammals of Central America
Merriam's small-eared shrew
The men's 4 × 400 metres relay event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 12 and 13 September 1979.
Results
Heats
Final
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
Henry Friedrich Wilhelm Siedentopf (22 September 1872 in Bremen – 8 May 1940 in Jena) was a German physicist and pioneer of microscopy.
Biography
Siedentopf worked in Carl Zeiss company from 1899 to 1938. In 1907 he was nominated as the head of the microscopy department.
In 1902 the ultramicroscope was developed by Richard Adolf Zsigmondy (1865–1929) and Siedentopf, working for Carl Zeiss AG. The ultramicroscope was suitable for the determination of small particles and became the most important instrument of colloid research in colloid chemistry. In 1925, Zsigmondy received the Nobel Prize for Chemistry also for this work.
From 1919 till 1940 he was a. o. Professor for microscopy at the University of Jena. He also worked on the development of micro photography and slow motion and fast motion in the cinephotomicrography. In 1908 he invented together with August Köhler the fluorescence microscope. In 1930 he was elected a member of the German National Academy of Sciences Leopoldina.
Richard Adolf Zsigmondy relates in his Nobel lecture that Siedentopf built the paraboloid condenser and the cardioid condenser.
References
Further reading
Lexikon der Naturwissenschaftler. Berlin 2004.
1872 births
1940 deaths
Scientists from Bremen
Microscopists
Optical physicists
20th-century German physicists
University of Jena faculty
Members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
Jaime Júnior da Silva Aquino (born April 27, 1979 in Brazil), known as just Jaime Júnior, is a retired Brazilian footballer.
References
External links
Jaime Júnior at football-lineups.com
Jaime Júnior at fbref.com
1979 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Primeira Liga players
Segunda División players
Liga I players
Clube do Remo players
Grêmio Esportivo Anápolis players
Vitória S.C. players
Rio Ave F.C. players
S.C. Braga players
U.D. Leiria players
C.F. Estrela da Amadora players
Racing de Ferrol footballers
Leixões S.C. players
CS Otopeni players
Águia de Marabá Futebol Clube players
Alecrim Futebol Clube players
Campinense Clube players
Itumbiara Esporte Clube players
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Sportspeople from Belém
Karate kata competitions at the 2019 World Beach Games in Doha, Qatar were held on October 10 and October 11. The venue for the competition was at Mission Beach. Thirty-two athletes competed in each of the men's and women's events.
Qualification
A total of 64 athletes (32 of each gender) vie for the coveted spots with a maximum of two sent to compete for the best six world championship qualifiers. While the other NOCs might have one athlete per event, host nation Qatar will be ensured one quota place for each gender. The remaining 4 quotas will be eligible for each continental champions. The other remaining 6 quotas will be eligible for best five WKF ranking and one invitation place respectively.
Qualification summary
Men's qualification
Women's qualification
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
Participating nations
References
External links
Results book
Karate kata
2019
World Beach Games
Karate in Qatar
The China-EU School of Law (CESL; ) at the China University of Political Science and Law is an international law school primarily located in Beijing, China. CESL was founded on the basis of an agreement between the European Community and the government of the People's Republic of China. It is the only Sino-foreign law school accredited in China. The current Co-Deans are Liu Fei, Bengt Lundell and Monty Silley.
History
The precursor to CESL was the "EU-China Legal and Judicial Cooperation Programme", which ran from 2000 to 2005. The former Chinese Minister of Justice, Zhang Fusen, first talked about the idea of creating a Sino-European law school in 2003. The head of the Delegation of the European Commission to China, Serge Abou, also promoted this idea to the European Community. In 2007 Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing, Chinese Vice Minister of Commerce and current Deputy Director General of the WTO, Yi Xiaozhun, and EU Commissioner for External Relations Benita Ferrero-Waldner signed a financing agreement on behalf of both the European Commission and the Chinese government to create a Sino-European law school. This law school was "meant to improve their understanding of each other's legal systems."
"CESL attracted a lot of attention even before its formal inauguration." Prior to CESL's establishment, Premier Wen Jiabao expressed that "CESL will educate a great many talented legal professionals with knowledge of both Chinese and Western laws." The European Commission stated that CESL "will address Governance Capacity-building by improving the knowledge, skills and performance of the Chinese legal profession in relation to European and international law" and will "contribute to rule of law in China by offering to the entire range of legal professionals high quality legal education in EU and international law and practical legal skills."
The inauguration ceremony of the China-EU School of Law was held on October 23, 2008, and attended by then Chinese Vice Premier, now Premier, Li Keqiang and European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso. The Asia Times stated that CESL's establishment was a sign of "the degree of China's openness".
The UK House of Lords considered that "the creation of the China-EU School of Law (CESL) in 2008 was the first attempt to institutionalise legal cooperation" between China and the West. CESL was the first law school in China approved by the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China under the Sino-foreign jointly administered schools agreement.
CESL's purpose is to create a platform for European scholars and students to understand Chinese law, for Chinese legal scholars and students to understand the European and international legal systems, as well as to support the Chinese Government in its effort to develop a society based on the rule of law. European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso stated "of course there are hundreds of law schools in China. But this one has a special mission. It will be international and European, and it is committed to the pursuit of excellence through the quality of its students and its professors."
Consortium
CESL is based on a Sino-European consortium, consisting of thirteen European universities, two Chinese Universities, and the Chinese National Prosecutors College. "China-EU School of Law partners belong to the best universities worldwide." These include: the China University of Political Science and Law (China), the University of Hamburg (Germany), Tsinghua University (China), KU Leuven (Belgium), Maastricht University (Netherlands), Trinity College Dublin (Ireland), the Autonomous University of Madrid (Spain), the University of Bologna (Italy), Lund University (Sweden), Central European University (Hungary), Jagiellonian University (Poland), the University of Manchester (UK), the University of Strasbourg (France), the Vienna University of Economics and Business (Austria), Eötvös Loránd University (Hungary), and the National Prosecutors College (China).
These partners provide teaching staff and co-financing. The consortium is co-ordinated by the University of Hamburg. CESL also has the official status of a department or school of the China University of Political Science and Law, itself "one of China's highest-ranking universities in the field of law."
Reputation
Considered one of the best law schools in Asia, and perhaps the best in China, CESL is very well regarded. It is the leading institution to study European and international law in China, as well as to learn Chinese law in English. The Asian Correspondent recognized the School as being "geared to educate the best of legal minds that practice within the framework of Sino-European relations." Nicolas Chapuis, Ambassador of the European Union to China said "CESL has proven to be a center of excellence in legal education. It also has created a unique platform for exchange between Chinese and European students, scholars and legal practitioners."
Since CESL "attracts the best talent from China and Europe" it has been called "a rising star in China's legal education" and rankings confirm "CESL is a top School in Asia." The Shanghai Cooperation Organisation called CESL "one of the country's best universities providing legal training."
CESL's underlying partnership is composed of many top law schools in both Europe and China. "Eleven belong to the best universities in the world according to the 2018 QS World University Ranking." It is also integrated as one of the graduate schools of the China University of Political Science and Law (CUPL), which is "one of the most highly rated academic legal institutions in China." Graduates of CESL's Chinese law masters and doctorate programmes are conferred a degree by the CUPL which "especially in the field of law, [is] among the best universities in China" and in 2018 was ranked number 1 for law studies in China by CUCAS, the official Chinese University and College Admission System, as well as other rankings. Monika Auweter-Kurtz, President of the University of Hamburg, noted that CESL has an "unrivalled position in the global sphere of higher education."
With strong support from both the European Community and the People's Republic of China, "the China-EU School of Law is regarded as one of the biggest EU educational projects in China." The EU Ambassador to China, Nicolas Chapuis, stated that "the China-EU School of Law is the flagship of European-Chinese cooperation." European Commission President, José Manuel Barroso, has also identified CESL as the "flagship of our strategic partnership" between China and the EU. He recognised "this law school is committed to the pursuit of excellence through the quality of its students and its professors." He also compared CESL with the top-ranked China Europe International Business School and said CESL "should aim to be the best". The German Minister of Justice, Brigitte Zypries, said "the founding of the China-Europe School of Law represents a project of enormous importance to Germany."
Professional training programmes
CESL is a "a law school for Chinese and European jurists at all stages of their professional life." It provides professional training programmes for Chinese judges and prosecutors, Chinese and European lawyers, and other legal professionals. CESL works with the Chinese National Judges College and the Chinese National Prosecutors College to train judges and prosecutors respectively. Lawyers training is organized either wholly by CESL or in cooperation with lawyers associations. Over 9,000 professionals have participated in 90 different training courses offered so far.
Research and consultancy
The objectives of research and consultancy at CESL are to contribute to the legal transformation process in China and the research efforts of the Sino-European academic community. CESL supports research in all areas related to China-European legal matters. This includes legal and administrative transformation in China, China and Europe in a globalizing world, comparative business and commercial law, as well as legal theory, law and culture. CESL is very active in bringing legal scholars and practitioners together to analyze legal developments, exchange ideas, and advise policymakers on best practices. The School has organised over 50 conferences and workshops. In addition, over 150 scholars have been involved in 35 specific research projects. In total, over 1,400 scholars have participated in CESL workshops, conferences and special projects.
In 2011, CESL also created the Institute for Legal Philosophy and Interdisciplinary Research of Law (LPI). This is led by Prof. Zheng Yongliu, ranked by China Today as one of "China's 100 most influential legal scholars."
Employment statistics
CESL surveys the employment statistics for each year's graduates. The School has maintained very high post-graduate employment, with virtually all graduates securing job offers by graduation. The employment statistics of every class year has exceeded 90%. "In the past five years, between 93 and 100% of the China-EU School of Law's graduates found employment in the legal sector or pursued further study within three months after graduating."
Basically "all graduates find work – mostly in law firms". The latest employment statistics showed that within 3 months of graduation over 95% of CESL graduates were either working as lawyers or doing further masters/PhD studies. The majority of graduates join large law firms (41%), followed by jobs in the public sector (27%), in the legal department of financial institutions (13%), or as in-house counsel for other types of companies (6%), and the remaining (8%) pursue further studies.
It has been said that "China-EU School of Law students have a big advantage. With their international education, they already have their foot in the door of international law firms or law firms practicing international legal matters." Michael Westhagemann, the past CEO of Siemens AG, said "graduates of CESL who have learned to structurally analyse both Chinese and EU legal issues meet our demands excellently." The Delegation of the EU to China has found that "all of [the graduates of the master programmes are] now working in elevated legal positions in China and Europe." Multiple CESL alumni are included amongst China's "leading legal talents" including two being listed in China's "Top 30 under 30".
Notable professors
Florence Benoît-Rohmer – Professor at the University of Strasbourg, past Dean of the Faculty of Law at Robert Schuman University, human rights expert and past Secretary General of the European Inter-University Centre for Human Rights and Democratisation
Ninon Colneric – Former Co-Dean of CESL and former judge at the European Court of Justice
Stéphanie Balme – Dean of Sciences Po and expert in Sino-European comparative law
Matthias Storme – Professor at University of Leuven and the University of Antwerp, lawyer and conservative philosopher
Geert Van Calster – Belgian legal scholar and Professor at KU Leuven
Csongor István Nagy – Hungarian legal scholar and Head of the Department of Private International Law at the University of Szeged
Attila Menyhárd – Hungarian legal scholar and Head of the Faculty of Law at Eötvös Loránd University
Peter Van den Bossche – Appellate Judge of the WTO and Professor at Maastricht University
Fang Liufang – Chinese legal scholar and former Co-Dean of CESL
Publications
The China-EU Law Journal
CESL has produced 18 books and over 75 articles have been published in the China-EU Law Journal.
References
Further reading
External links
Official website
China University of Political Science and Law
Law schools in China
Universities and colleges in Beijing
Educational institutions established in 2008
2008 establishments in China
The Stadium Tour is a co-headlining concert tour by British rock band Def Leppard and American rock band Mötley Crüe, taking place in the summer and fall of 2022. In North America, Poison and Joan Jett & the Blackhearts served as the tour's special guests, while Classless Act was the opening band, also in North America. It was Mötley Crüe's first major tour in seven years (following their final world tour in 2014–2015), and Def Leppard's first in three years, with the latter touring in support of their twelfth studio album Diamond Star Halos.
The Stadium Tour was announced on December 4, 2019, and was set to take place in the summer of 2020. It was later announced that the tour would be rescheduled for 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The tour was once again pushed back to 2022 due to the same circumstances. The members of Def Leppard have indicated that a European leg of The Stadium Tour will take place in 2023.
Opening acts
Special guests
Poison (North America)
Joan Jett & the Blackhearts (North America)
Opening act
Classless Act (North America)
Setlists
Tour dates
Personnel
Def Leppard
Joe Elliott – lead vocals, occasional acoustic guitar
Rick Savage – bass guitar, backing vocals
Rick Allen – drums, percussion, backing vocals
Phil Collen – guitars, backing vocals
Vivian Campbell – guitars, backing vocals
Mötley Crüe
Vince Neil – lead vocals
Mick Mars – lead guitar, backing vocals
Nikki Sixx – bass, piano, backing vocals
Tommy Lee – drums, piano, backing vocals
Tommy Clufetos – drums
Laura "Lolo" D'Anzieri – backing vocals, dancer
Bailey Swift – backing vocals, dancer
Hannah Sutton – backing vocals, dancer
References
Notes
Citations
2022 concert tours
Co-headlining concert tours
Def Leppard concert tours
Mötley Crüe concert tours
Reunion concert tours
Concert tours postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Legal drug trade, as with other goods object of commerce, in opposition to smuggling or illegal drug trade, most psychotropic substances' commerce is under control and taxation by world governments, regardless of the relative perceived danger of the goods that are the object of legislation.
Legal commerce in drugs can be categorized according to the purpose of consumption (therapeutic vs recreational), type of drug involved and phase of the trading process, i.e.: production, distribution or consumption.
Therapeutic use
Production
Drugs useful for treating diseases are the object of pharmaceutical research and medical practice, and produced by the pharmaceutical industry, which in theory should be above United Nations legislation prohibiting use or sole possession of the drugs termed illegal for other purposes.
Distribution
Pharmaceutical companies, through authorized dealers, guarantee the distribution of their products to their customers.
Since antiquity, there have been stores specialized in drug selling. Today, they are called pharmacies or, straightforwardly, drugstores. Certain drugs officially considered trade-able without medical supervision are also sold in non-specialized stores, such as supermarkets.
Consumption
Therapeutic drug consumption can take place in an outpatient setting, or during hospitalization.
Recreational use
Production
Alcoholic beverages, containing psychoactive ethyl alcohol, are produced legally throughout the world. Their production supports a commercial alcohol industry. Consumption of alcohol is subject to regulation in most countries, namely by means of age restrictions.
Tobacco, a recreational drug containing nicotine, is produced legally in countries such as Cuba, China, and the United States. This also supports a tobacco industry and the production of a variety of tobacco products, which, like alcoholic beverages, are subject to age restrictions in most countries.
Caffeine, a stimulant drug, is extracted from plants including the coffee plant and the tea bush. It is the most widely consumed psychoactive substance in the world, remaining unregulated and generally recognized as safe by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
Distribution
There are authorized dealers which provide consumers with legal intoxicants, every industry developing a network of distribution to connect with its clients. Drug publicity by producers and distributors aims at increasing consumption.
Consumption
Legal drugs for recreation are taken by people in private and in public, including places devoted to drug selling for consumption in situ, such as bars and certain restaurants.
Cultural biases
The above-mentioned substances represent the most important products legally produced for the purposes of mind-altering effects.
Some critics argue that cannabis and opioids occupy the social position of alcohol and tobacco in some non-western countries, where alcohol and its users could be treated in a way resembling the harassment and prosecution of illegal drug users in western countries, in cultural defiance of the UN's worldwide prohibition. They are also the most important public health concern, as a result of prohibition of certain other drugs.
See also
Drug liberalization
Drug prohibition law
Grey market
Illegal drug trade
Pharmaceutical industry
Prohibition
Prohibitionism
White market
References and sources
Drug control law
Trade by commodity
The Stronger Tour was the sixth headlining tour by American pop recording artist Kelly Clarkson. Beginning on January 13, 2012, the tour supported her fifth studio album, Stronger (2011). With over fifty dates, the tour traveled to the Americas, Australia and Europe. It ended on October 20, 2012, in London, England.
The tour grossed $7.4M in the US with 43 dates.
Background
During an interview with MTV News, Clarkson stated a tour was being planned for "sometime in 2012". The tour was officially announced on November 14, 2011 with over 30 shows in the United States and Canada. Joining the singer on tour is Matt Nathanson as the opening act on select shows. Clarkson mentioned she was looking forward to performing "Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You)". She explained, "I can't wait to perform What Doesn't Kill You. We've already rehearsed it, and it's so much fun. It's like this big dance anthem". For the show, Clarkson asked her fans to votes to requests on Twitter.
Opening acts
Matt Nathanson (North America) (select dates)
Carolina Liar (North America) (select dates)
The Fray (Australia)
Sarah De Bono (Australia)
Cover Drive (Europe)
Setlist
{{hidden
| headercss = background: #ccccff; font-size: 100%; width: 59%;
| contentcss = text-align: left; font-size: 100%; width: 75%;
| header = North America
| content = January 13 – April 14, 2012
"Dark Side"
"Behind These Hazel Eyes"
"Since U Been Gone"
"Gone"
"You Love Me"
"Heavy in Your Arms"
Fan Request
Medley: "The Trouble With Love Is" / "Walk Away" / "How I Feel" / "I Want You"
"I Know You Won't"
"Einstein"
"Don't You Wanna Stay"
"Let Me Down"
"I Forgive You"
"Already Gone"
"Breakaway"
"You Still Won't Know What It's Like"
"Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You)"
"Never Again"
"Because of You"
Encore
"My Life Would Suck Without You"
"Mr. Know It All"
"Miss Independent"
Source:
Notes
During the concert at the Radio City Music Hall, Clarkson performed "I'd Rather Go Blind".
During her concert in Grand Prairie, Clarkson sang Bonnie Raitt's "Something To Talk About" with her friend April Beck.
During the concert in Los Angeles Clarkson performed "When You Believe" with Tamyra Gray, "Leave the Pieces" with Michelle Branch, "Don't You Wanna Stay" with Blake Shelton and "Because of You" with Reba McEntire.
}}
{{hidden
| headercss = background: #ccccff; font-size: 100%; width: 59%;
| contentcss = text-align: left; font-size: 100%; width: 75%;
| header = Australia/Europe
| content = September 25 – October 20, 2012
"My Life Would Suck Without You"
Behind These Hazel Eyes"
"I Forgive You"
"Dark Side"
"Walk Away"
"You Love Me"
"We Are Young"
Already Gone"
Don't You Wanna Stay"
Fan request
"Because of You"
"Catch My Breath"
"Let Me Down"
"Breakaway"
"Since U Been Gone"
Encore
"Never Again"
"Mr. Know It All"
"Miss Independent"
"What Doesn't Kill You (Stronger)"
Notes
In Perth, Clarkson, The Fray & Sarah De Bono all sang fun.'s "Some Nights".
"Catch My Breath" was only performed in Europe.
}}
Fan requests
Tour dates
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
!width="175"| Date
!width="150"| City
!width="150"| Country
!width="250"| Venue
|-
!colspan="5" | North America
|-
|January 13, 2012
|Mashantucket
|rowspan="21"|United States
|MGM Grand Theater
|-
|January 15, 2012
|Atlantic City
|Etess Arena
|-
|January 17, 2012
|Albany
|Times Union Center
|-
|January 19, 2012
|Verona
|Turning Stone Event Center
|-
|January 21, 2012
|New York City
|Radio City Music Hall
|-
|January 24, 2012
|Manchester
|Verizon Wireless Arena
|-
|January 26, 2012
|Boston
|Wang Theatre
|-
|January 28, 2012
|Johnstown
|Cambria County War Memorial Arena
|-
|January 31, 2012
|Durham
|Durham Performing Arts Center
|-
|February 2, 2012
|Jacksonville
|Moran Theater
|-
|February 4, 2012
|Bossier City
|Riverdome
|-
|February 6, 2012
|San Antonio
|Majestic Theatre
|-
|February 8, 2012
|Austin
|Long Center for the Performing Arts
|-
|February 10, 2012
|Grand Prairie
|Verizon Theatre
|-
|February 14, 2012
|Biloxi
|Hard Rock Live
|-
|February 16, 2012
|Hollywood
|Hard Rock Live
|-
|February 18, 2012{{efn|The show on February 18, 2012, was a part of Mardi Gras at Universal Studios.}}
|Orlando
|Universal Music Plaza Stage
|-
|February 21, 2012
|Clearwater
|Ruth Eckerd Hall
|-
|February 23, 2012
|Atlanta
|Fox Theatre
|-
|February 25, 2012
|Champaign
|Assembly Hall
|-
|February 28, 2012
|Greenville
|Timmons Arena
|-
|March 2, 2012
|rowspan="2"|Niagara Falls
|rowspan="4"|Canada
|rowspan="2"|Avalon Ballroom Theatre
|-
|March 3, 2012
|-
|March 6, 2012
|London
|John Labatt Centre
|-
|March 8, 2012
|Windsor
|The Colosseum at Caesars Windsor
|-
|March 10, 2012
|Hammond
|rowspan="17"|United States
|The Venue at Horseshoe Casino
|-
|March 12, 2012
|Sioux Falls
|Sioux Falls Arena
|-
|March 14, 2012
|Springfield
|O'Reilly Family Event Center
|-
|March 16, 2012
|St. Louis
|Fox Theatre
|-
|March 18, 2012
|Broomfield
|1stBank Center
|-
|March 20, 2012
|West Valley City
|Maverik Center
|-
|March 22, 2012
|Kent
|ShoWare Center
|-
|March 24, 2012
|Boise
|Taco Bell Arena
|-
|March 27, 2012
|San Jose
|Event Center Arena
|-
|March 29, 2012
|Bakersfield
|Rabobank Arena
|-
|March 31, 2012
|Reno
|Reno Events Center
|-
|April 3, 2012
|Los Angeles
|Nokia Theatre
|-
|April 5, 2012
|Las Vegas
|Pearl Concert Theater
|-
|April 7, 2012
|Indio
|Fantasy Springs Special Events Center
|-
|April 10, 2012
|San Diego
|Valley View Casino Center
|-
|April 13, 2012
|Wenatchee
|Town Toyota Center
|-
|April 14, 2012
|Pullman
|Beasley Coliseum
|-
!colspan="5"| Europe
|-
|June 9, 2012
|London
|England
|Wembley Stadium
|-
!colspan="5" | South America
|-
|June 23, 2012
|São Paulo
|Brazil
|Arena Anhembi
|-
!colspan="5" | North America
|-
|June 29, 2012
|Milwaukee
|United States
|Marcus Amphitheater
|-
!colspan="5" | Australia
|-
|September 25, 2012
|Brisbane
|rowspan="6"|Australia
|Brisbane Entertainment Centre
|-
|September 27, 2012
|Sydney
|Sydney Entertainment Centre
|-
|September 29, 2012
|Deniliquin
|Deni Freighters Sports Arena
|-
|October 1, 2012
|Melbourne
|Rod Laver Arena
|-
|October 3, 2012
|Adelaide
|Adelaide Entertainment Centre
|-
|October 5, 2012
|Perth
|Challenge Stadium
|-
!colspan="5" | Europe
|-
|October 10, 2012
|Dublin
|Ireland
|The O2
|-
|October 12, 2012
|Manchester
|rowspan="2"|England
|Manchester Arena
|-
|October 14, 2012
|Birmingham
|LG Arena
|-
|October 16, 2012
|Glasgow
|Scotland
|Braehead Arena
|-
|October 18, 2012
|Sheffield
|rowspan="2"|England
|Motorpoint Arena Sheffield
|-
|October 20, 2012
|London
|Wembley Arena
|}
Festivals and other miscellaneous performances
Box office score data
PersonnelThe Band
Kelly Clarkson – Lead vocals
Aben Eubanks – Guitar, backup vocals
Cory Churko – Guitar, violin, backup vocals
Chris Rodriguez – Guitar, backup vocals
Einar Pedersen – Bass, backup vocals
Jason Halbert– Keyboards, musical director
Miles McPherson – Drums
Jill Pickering – Backup vocalist, guitar
Kate Rapier – Backup vocalist, assistant
Nicole Hurst – Backup vocalistThe Glam TeamAshley Donovan – Makeup & hair
Steph Ashmore – Stylist
Layne Lewis – WardrobeThe CrewDennis Sharp – Tour manager
Alan Hornall – Production manager
Christopher Dye-Technical director
Jim Collins – Tour accountant
Harold Behrens – Stage manager
Tricia Farrow – Production assistant
Brian Butner – Security
Chris Michaelessi – FOH engineer
Robert Miller – Monitor engineer
Bryan Jones – Guitar tech
James Fridley – Guitar tech
Peter Moffett – Drum tech
Douglas McKinley – Audio system tech
Jeffrey Wuerth – Audio system tech
Kevin Gorge – Audio crew
Chris Berry – Audio crew
Fraser MacKeen – Lighting director
Leroy Bennett – Production lighting manager
Ron Schilling – Lighting crew chief
Ben Meserole – Lighting tech
Jessica Quinn – Lighting tech
Wade Cotton – Lighting tech
Cory FitzGerald – Lighting programmer
William Parisien – Video director
Nathaniel Fountain – Projectionist
Nick Strand – Projectionist
Stephen Haskins – Video tech
Randall Ice – Video tech
Martin Capiraso – Head carpenter
Michael Kinnard – Carpenter
Bob Powers – RiggerOther'Narvel Blackstock & Starstruck Management – Management
Flood, Bumstead, McCreedy & McCarthy Inc. & Kristen Braaksma – Business management
CAA & Darryl Eaton – Booking agency
Preferred Travel – Travel agency
NPB Companies, Inc. – Security
Upstaging Inc. – Lighting
Clair Brothers, 8th Day Sound – Sound
Tait Towers – Staging/Set
Chaos Visual Productions – Video company
Janco Ltd. – Trucking
Rockit Cargo – Freight
Rich Koffer & Bravado – Merchandise
Critical reception
The show has received universal critical acclaim, praising Clarkson's vocals, as well as the production of the show and the set list. Michele Amabile from The Hollywood Reporter says that "Clarkson's personable nature and powerhouse vocals prove that she is growing stronger with each album and tour." Kevin McSheffrey from Boston Music Spotlight said "The Wang was sold out and Clarkson's adoring fans stood throughout the performance, dancing along to lively tunes like Since U Been Gone and new single What Doesn't Kill You (Stronger), while still standing for ballads such as You Still Won't Know What It's Like and Don't You Wanna Stay, complete with Jason Aldean appearing virtually through a curtain screen." Glenn Gamboa from the Long Island Newsday stated "That Clarkson can transform that pain into something so beautiful and a concert so enjoyable shows that she is so much more than a great singer. She's a great artist". Greg Haymes from Timesunion.com said "While the simple but versatile stage set (featuring her backing musicians on two multi-level platforms) and the lighting both dazzled, they never over-powered Clarkson and her strong, supple voice". After performing close to her hometown in Dallas, Texas, Rich Lopez from Dallasvoice.com stated "She really is the girl next door with her aw shucks sassy and fun demeanor. Every little comment she made about being home resulted in deafening roars and she punctuated her homegrown flavor with a thick "kuntry" accent. Clarkson was without any doubt, the homecoming queen for the night". Preston Jones from dfw.com called I Know You Won't and Don't You Wanna Stay the songs that stood out the most in her show in Dallas, and also added: The combination of her personable nature with songs expressing deep vulnerability gave a jolt of feeling to a show that often felt like a giddy karaoke party in a superstar's living room.''
External links
Clarkson's Official Website
References
2012 concert tours
Kelly Clarkson concert tours
Posi-Tone Records is an American jazz record label founded by Marc Free, a producer and musician who runs the company with engineer Nick O'Toole. The label's first five albums were issued in 1995.
The roster includes trombonist Steve Davis, saxophonist Ralph Bowen, guitarist Ed Cherry, trumpeter David Weiss, Jon Davis, Will Bernard, Brian Charette, Walt Weiskopf, Joe Magnarelli and Michael Dease.
Roster
David Ake
William Ash
Ehud Asherie
David Ashkenazy
Ernie Banks
Will Bernard
David Binney
M. F. Bird
Steve Blackwood
Ralph Bowen
Peter Brendler
Brent Canter
Brian Charette
Ed Cherry
Patrick Cornelius
Jon Davis
Steve Davis
Donald Dean
Michael Dease
Mike DiRubbo
Benjamin Drazen
Edwing
Shauli Einav
Wayne Escoffery
John Escreet
Orrin Evans
Phil Farris
Alan Ferber
Steve Fidyk
Ken Fowser
Champian Fulton
Joe Gaeta
David Gibson
Behn Gillece
Jared Gold
Noah Haidu
Nick Hempton
Art Hirahara
Steve Horowitz
Dave Juarez
Sean Lyons
Joe Magnarelli
Jeremy Manasia
Sarah Manning
Jacám Manricks
John Nau
Sean Nowell
Matthew O'Toole
Dan Pratt
Sam Rivers
Jim Rotondi
Idan Santhaus
Second Wind
Kenny Shanker
Yotam Silberstein
Alexa Tarantino
Smokin' Toads
Travis Sullivan
Tom Tallitsch
Doug Webb
Walt Weiskopf
David Weiss
Spike Wilner
Brandon Wright
Eric Wyatt
Sam Yahel
Jordan Young
References
External links
Official site
American record labels
Jazz record labels
Record labels established in 1994
1927 in Argentine football saw both leagues reunified under the name "Asociación Amateurs Argentina de Football". The championship was won by San Lorenzo obtaining its 3rd. title.
Sportivo Barracas returned to Primera División, while Sportivo Almagro changed its name to "Almagro".
Primera División
Lower divisions
Primera B
Champion: El Porvenir (promoted to Primera along with Argentino de Banfield
Primera C
Champion: Unión de Caseros
International cups
Copa Dr. Ricardo Aldao
Champion: San Lorenzo
Final
Argentina national team
Argentina won its 3rd. Copa América title, tournament held by Perú.
The national team also won the Copa Newton defeating Uruguay 1-0 at Montevideo.
References
Seasons in Argentine football
Argentine
Pandemis metallochroma is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1948
Pandemis
Changestat is a continuous cultivation method that is used for acquiring quantitative data of a microorganism's metabolism at various environmental conditions within a single experiment. Every changestat always starts as a continuous cultivation experiment (chemostat, turbidostat), but after reaching steady state, smooth and slow change of an environmental parameter is applied. Two most common changestat techniques are accelerostat (A-stat) and dilution rate stat (D-stat).
In case of A-stat the changing environmental parameter is dilution rate (D, h−1) that causes the increase of specific growth rate (μ, h−1). When the acceleration of dilution (a) is chosen correctly then D = μ as in chemostat. The problem of choosing the correct acceleration of dilution has been studied with Escherichia coli and Lactococcus lactis resulting recommended range of 0.01-0.005 h−2.
In D-stat dilution rate is always constant as in chemostat, but after reaching steady state environmental parameter other than dilution rate is changed. For instance temperature, pH or acetate concentration has been smoothly changed in bioreactor.
Turbidostat type changestats are called Z-auxoaccelerostats (pH-auxoaccelerostat, CO2-auxoaccelerostat). In similar to D-stat after reaching steady state a selected environmental parameter is changed.
References
Microbiology
Therese Ninon Abena (born 5 September 1994), known as Ninon Abena, is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a midfielder for ACF Torino and the Cameroon women's national team.
Domestic career
Abena played for Cameroon top division team Louves Minproff, before signing for Italian Serie C club ACF Torino in November 2019. She signed a one-year contract. She missed a Cameroon qualification game for the 2020 Summer Olympics in order to finalise her club deal.
International career
Abena was part of the Cameroon squad at the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup. At the time of the squad announcement, she had made 3 appearances. She didn't make an appearance at the tournament. She played in the final of the 2015 African Games, which Cameroon lost to Ghana. She was included in the squad for the 2018 Africa Women Cup of Nations, and scored two goals as Cameroon beat Mali 4–2 in the third-placed playoff. The result meant that Cameroon qualified for the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup in France. She made two appearances at the 2019 World Cup.
Personal life
Abena is the youngest of 20 siblings. One of her older sisters was unhappy when Abena started playing football.
References
External links
FIFA Profile
1994 births
Living people
Cameroonian women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
Cameroon women's international footballers
2015 FIFA Women's World Cup players
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
African Games silver medalists for Cameroon
African Games medalists in football
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Cameroonian expatriate women's footballers
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate women's footballers in Italy
21st-century Cameroonian women
20th-century Cameroonian women
Liparoceratidae is a family of eoderoceratoidean ammonites from the Lower Jurassic that combines genera with a variety of forms including dimorphs that change from one form to another during ontogeny.
Three genera and six subgenera are included in the Liparoceridae according to D.T. Donovan in Donovan et al. 1981; Liparoceras including L. (Liparoceras), L. (Becheiceras), and L. (Vicininodiceras); Aegoceras including A. (Aegoceras), A. (Beaniceras), and A. (Oistoceras); and Androgynoceras. Arkell, et al. (1957) in the Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, Part L list Liparoceras with Becheiceras and Vincininodiceras along with Parinodiceras separately as subgenera; Beaniceras, Metacymbites, Oistoceras, and Platynoticeras but leave out Aegoceras. Parinodiceras and its equivalent, Platynoticeras are removed (Donovan 1981) to the Polymorphitidae.
Metacymbites is a smooth dwarf and may form a dimorphic pair with Liparoceras.
The Liparoceratidae are thought to have evolved from the Eoderoceratidae along with the Coeloceratidae and Polymorphidae close to the same time during the Sinemurian stage of the Early Jurassic, and in the following Pliensbachian gave rise to the Amaltheidae.
References
Arkell, et al., 1957. Mesozoic Ammonoidea, in Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, (Part L); Geological Soc. of America and University of Kansas press.
Donovan, Callomon and Howarth 1981 Classification of the Jurassic Ammonitina; Systematics Association.
Ammonitida families
Eoderoceratoidea
Pliensbachian first appearances
Early Jurassic extinctions
Henry and Dizzy is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Hugh Bennett and written by Val Burton. The film stars Jimmy Lydon, Mary Anderson, Charles Smith, John Litel, Olive Blakeney and Maude Eburne. The film was released on June 5, 1942, by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Jimmy Lydon as Henry Aldrich
Mary Anderson as Phyillis Michael
Charles Smith as Dizzy Stevens
John Litel as Mr. Sam Aldrich
Olive Blakeney as Mrs. Mary Aldrich
Maude Eburne as Mrs. Bradley
Vaughan Glaser as Mr. Bradley
Shirley Coates as Jennie Kilmer
Olin Howland as Mr. Stevens
Minerva Urecal as Mrs. Kilmer
Trevor Bardette as Mr. Weeks
Carl Switzer as Billy Weeks
Warren Hymer as Tramp
Noel Neill as Jean
Jane Cowan as Pamela Rogers
Eleanor Counts as Dizzy's Girl
Isabel Withers as Mrs. Stevens
Frank Orth as Joe McGuire
Edgar Dearing as Police Sergeant McElroy
Mary Currier as Mrs. Michael
William Wright as Announcer
Anne O'Neal as Mr. Stevens' Secretary
References
External links
1942 films
The Aldrich Family films
American black-and-white films
Paramount Pictures films
American comedy films
1942 comedy films
Films scored by Leigh Harline
Films produced by Sol C. Siegel
1940s English-language films
Films directed by Hugh Bennett
1940s American films
Anne O'Garra FRS FMedSci (born 1954) is a British immunologist who has made important discoveries on the mechanism of action of Interleukin 10.
O'Garra was born in Gibraltar.
Biography
From 1977 to 1980, O'Garra studied at Chelsea College, University of London, and graduated with a B.Sc. (first class honours) in microbiology and biochemistry.
At the National Institute for Medical Research (NIMR), she earned her Ph.D. in microbiology, staying on there for a four-year post-doctorate in immunology.
In 1987, O'Garra left England for Palo Alto, California, to work for the DNAX Research Institute, where by 2000 she had become a principal staff scientist in the department of immunobiology. In 2001, she became the head of the Division of Immunoregulation at the Medical Research Council NIMR in London. Since 2015, she has been an associate research director and group leader at the Francis Crick Institute, the successor institute to the NIMR.
Research
O'Garra is known for her contributions to the understanding of the intricate network of cell-cell and cytokine interactions regulating the induction and suppression of cellular immune responses. She was the first to discover the immunosuppressive functions of Interleukin-10 (IL-10), which inhibits antigen presentation by dendritic cells and macrophages and reduces their production of proinflammatory cytokines. She also discovered that dendritic cells produce the interleukin essential for activation of T-cells (IL-12) and subsequent eradication of intracellular pathogens and that IL-10 regulates this production.
Awards and honors
She is a fellow of the Royal Society, the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the Academy of Medical Sciences. She is an honorary member of the British Society for Immunology. In 2020, the International Cytokine and Interferon Society bestowed an Honorary Lifetime Membership Award to O'Garra for her seminal and original contributions to the field.
References
1954 births
Fellows of the Royal Society
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Gibraltarians
Members of the European Molecular Biology Organization
British immunologists
Living people
National Institute for Medical Research faculty
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Academics of the Francis Crick Institute
Robert Keith McCully (February 8, 1912 – August 15, 1993) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Montreal Canadiens during the 1934–35 NHL season.
See also
List of players who played only one game in the NHL
External links
1912 births
1993 deaths
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Montreal Canadiens players
New Haven Eagles players
Oshawa Generals players
Philadelphia Ramblers players
Providence Reds players
Sportspeople from Stratford, Ontario
Springfield Indians players
Law code of Vinodol or Vinodol statute () is one of the oldest law texts written in the Chakavian dialect of Croatian and is among the oldest Slavic codes. It was written in the Glagolitic alphabet. It was originally compiled in 1288 by a commission of 42 members in Novi Vinodolski, a town on the Adriatic Sea coast in Croatia, located south of Crikvenica, Selce and Bribir and north of Senj. However, the code itself is preserved in a 16th-century copy.
The statute
A paragraph was set to define the relation between the dukes and the peasantry of the region. It is the oldest among all Croatian city statutes, which represented an agreement between the people of Vinodol and their new liege lords Frangipani, the counts of Krk. It contains important information about the feudal law in this area which had replaced the tribal customs of an earlier period. The Vinodol Statute provides a rare contemporary picture of the life and political conditions in medieval Europe. The oldest regulations concerning public health in western Croatia are preserved within the Vinodol Statute. Today, it is stored in the National and University Library Zagreb.
The Vinodol Statute confirms status of the Vinodol as an administrative and political center from the 13th century. The text of the statute is preserved as a copy from the 16th century.
Editions
The first printed edition was prepared in 1843 by Antun Mažuranić in the third yearly volume of the journal Kolo. Osip Bodyansky translated it in 1846 to Russian and Anna Mikhailovna Evreinova edited the 1878 edition in Saint Petersburg, with facsimile of the original as well as Latin and Cyrillic transliteration. Vatroslav Jagić published it in 1880, both the original and a Russian translation with philological and legal commentary. Wacław Maciejowski translated it in 1856 to Polish, Jules Preux translated it in 1896 to French, Mark Kostrenčić translated it in 1931 to German and Lujo Margetić translated it in 1981/1982 to Italian, and in 1983 to English. Josip Bratulić edited the 1988 facsimile edition with commentary and a dictionary.
See also
List of Glagolitic manuscripts
Kastav Statute
Notes
References
External links
1843 edition by Antun Mažuranić
Facsimile reproduction of the Codex at the Croatian National Library (Flash)
Medieval legal codes
Legal history of Croatia
Croatian language
History of Dalmatia
13th-century books
13th century in Croatia
Croatian culture
Medieval documents of Croatia
Croatian glagolithic texts
1280s in law
1288 in Europe
Thomas Kendall Minter (June 28, 1924 – May 22, 2009) was an education official who served in the United States government and the government of New York City.
Biography
Minter was born on June 28, 1924, in the Bronx. Raised in East Harlem, he attended New York University, where he earned his undergraduate and master's degree. He later earned a master's degree from the Union Theological Seminary. Minter earned a Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1971.
His first teaching jobs were in East Harlem's junior and senior high schools. He taught in Maryland at what is now Bowie State University and became a district superintendent at the School District of Philadelphia. He was named superintendent of the public schools in Wilmington, Delaware, in 1975, where he oversaw the implementation of a court-ordered desegregation plan that involved busing students between urban and suburban districts. Minter described that the effort "isn't just a Wilmington matter, It's national need. It goes right to the fabric of the society."
He was named as deputy commissioner of the Bureau of Elementary and Secondary Education in what was then the United States Department of Health, Education, and Welfare by HEW Secretary Joseph A. Califano, Jr. in 1977, and was selected by President Jimmy Carter in 1980 as first assistant secretary of elementary and secondary education in the United States Department of Education.
References
1924 births
2009 deaths
20th-century American educators
Bowie State University faculty
Harvard University alumni
New York University alumni
People from East Harlem
People from the Bronx
20th-century African-American educators
21st-century African-American people
Scaevola parvifolia (common name - camel weed) is an erect, many stemmed perennial in the family Goodeniaceae, which is native to Western Australia, the Northern Territory, Queensland and South Australia. It grows to a height of 0.6 m, and its blue-purple flowers may be seen from March to October.
Description
Scaevola parvifolia is an, erect, many-stemmed perennial growing to 60 cm tall, with hairs at 90°; stems scarcely striate. The basal leaves have no stalks, are linear to lanceolate, entire, with leaf blades 18–35 mm long by 3–6 mm wide. The leaves on the stems, however, are ovate to linear, with blades which are 1.5 to 27 mm long. The inflorescences are thyrses (compound inflorescences ending in a vegetative bud and with mixed types of branching with the main axis bearing several or many lateral cymes), which are up to 40 cm long. The bracts are leafy and the flower stalk is up to 6.5 cm long. The sepals are triangular and free (or join only at the base). The blue to white corolla is 13–32 mm long, with hairs on the outside, and bearded inside. The fruit is ellipsoidal is 4–8 mm long, is hairy, has striations, and tubercles (small wart-like outgrowths).
Distribution and habitat
It is found in the arid regions of Western Australia, central Australia and Queensland, growing on red sand, clay or loamy soils, on sandplains & dunes.
Taxonomy and etymology
It was first described and named by Ferdinand von Mueller in 1868, and its specific epithet, parvifolia, is derived from the Latin, parvus ("small") and folium ("leaf") thereby giving an adjective which describes the plant as "small-leaved".
Gallery
References
parvifolia
Eudicots of Western Australia
Asterales of Australia
Plants described in 1868
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
Taxa named by George Bentham
The 2011 Individual Ice Racing World Championship were the final meetings took place from February 5 to March 27, 2011 and determined the world champion for the 2011 Individual Ice Racing World Championship. There were four final meetings (all two-day) with seventeen permanent riders and one wild card. The permanent riders were determined in three qualifying rounds.
Heat details
Final One - Krasnogorsk
5-6 February 2011
Krasnogorsk, Moscow Oblast
City stadium "Zorkey" (Length: 440 m)
Referee: Wojciech Grodzki
Jury President: Milan Spinka
References
Day One
Day Two
(2) Knapp, ranked 15th ←→ (17) Järf
(14) Tuinstra, ranked 16th ←→ (18) Klatovský
Final Two - Tolyatti
12-13 February 2011
Tolyatti, Samara Oblast
Anatoly Stepanov's stadium (Length: 260 m)
Referee: F.Ziegler
Jury President: C.Bouin
References
Day Three
Pletschacher, ranked 16th ←→ (17) Knapp
Järf, ranked 18th ←→ (18) Tuinstra
Day Four
Knapp, ranked 15th ←→ (17) Pletschacher
Tuinstra, ranked 17th ←→ (18) Järf
Final Three - Assen
12-13 March 2011
Assen, Drenthe
De Bonte Wever stadium (Length: 370 m)
Referee: Frank Ziegler
Jury President: Andrzej Grodzki
References
Change:
Draw 4. Johnny Tuinstra → René Stellingwerf
Day Five
Pletschacher, ranked 16th ←→ (17) Knapp
Järf, ranked 18th ←→ (18) Tuinstra
Day Six
Koij, ranked 15th ←→ (17) Pletschacher
Tuinstra, ranked 17th ←→ (18) Järf
Final Four - Inzell
26-27 March 2011
Inzell, Bavaria
Eisstadion Inzell (Ludwig-Schwabl-Stadion) (Length: 400 m)
Referee: Krister Gardell
Jury President: Jörgen L. Jensen
References
Change:
Draw 4. Mats Järf → Jan Klatovský
Day Seven
Pletschacher, ranked 16th ←→ (17) Koij
Järf, ranked 17th ←→ (18) Stellingwerf
Day Eight
See also
2011 Team Ice Racing World Championship
2011 Speedway Grand Prix Qualification
References
Ice speedway competitions
World Individual
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1658.
Events
March 5 – A play adapted from The Taming of the Shrew is performed by students of the Gymnasium in Zittau, the earliest record of a Shakespearean comedy produced anywhere in the Holy Roman Empire; authorship is attributed to Christian Keymann, but remains disputed. This climate inspires the Silesian playwright Andreas Gryphius. Also this year, he prints one of the first secular Baroque works in German literature, the verse comedy Absurda Comica oder Herr Peter Squenz. Borrowing from A Midsummer Night's Dream (including its main character, Peter Quince), Gryphius' text rejects Meistersinger culture, while also "reinvigorating the tradition" of German-language theater after the long hiatus of the Thirty Years' War.
April – Blaise Pascal enters the creative period that will lead to his Pensées, with a lecture for his Jansenist friends at Port-Royal-des-Champs Abbey, and later with a series of scattered notes.
May 29 – Dara Shukoh, heir-apparent to the crown of the Mughal Empire, is defeated by his younger brother, Aurangzeb, in the Battle of Samugarh. Dara's overtures toward Vedanta and Sufism, including his promotion of the Upanishads, are condemned, as Aurangzeb formally adheres to Islamic fundamentalism – and in practice to a less syncretic theism. The new regime has a working alliance with the Pashtun warrior-poet Khushal Khattak, until the latter is deposed and arrested in 1663.
July 6 – Teimuraz, deposed ruler of Kakheti and pioneer of Georgian poetry, is received in Moscow, Tsardom of Russia. An incident involving Bogdan Khitrovo contributes to the internal conflicts within the Russian Orthodox Church, generating the Raskol.
September 5 – Forces of the Ottoman Empire and Crimean Khanate, under the command of Köprülü Mehmed Pasha, storm into the Transylvanian capital of Feyérvár (Alba Iulia). The city is devastated, and its role in fostering Renaissance humanism is forever ended: though restored, the Bethlen Collegium is transferred to Nagyenyed (Aiud). Approximately 20,000 books are destroyed in the raid, and at least 53 students are killed. This attack also brings to a standstill the Transylvanian printing press, which had been established around 1622. A new press is founded at Nagyszeben (Sibiu).
September 13 (O. S. September 3) – Death of Oliver Cromwell, inaugurating the transition from Protectorate to Restoration. The event inspires Andrew Marvell to write "A Poem upon the Death of his Late Highness the Lord Protector"; this piece is not included in the official edition of Cromwellian panegyrics, which has verse by John Dryden, Thomas Sprat, and Edmund Waller. All these poets, alongside John Milton, will be ridiculed in Richard Watson's 1659 pamphlet, The Panegyrike and the Storme.
c. October 24 – Molière arrives in Paris to act at the Louvre Palace. He performs with his troupe in front of King Louis XIV in Pierre Corneille's tragedy Nicomède and in his own farce Le Docteur Amoureux (The Doctor in Love). The troupe is granted Monsieur's patronage and allowed to use the Petit-Bourbon, alongside Giacomo Torelli's rival company.
unknown dates
Arakel of Tabriz is persuaded by Jacob IV, pontiff of the Armenian Apostolic Church to resume work on his Book of Histories, which will be completed in 1662.
Czech educationist John Amos Comenius publishes Orbis Pictus (Visible World), "internationally recognised as the first text written specifically for children." In associating Latin words with "the representation of most things capable of being set out in Pictures" it endures as "extremely popular in seventeenth-century Europe." From his home in the Dutch Republic, Comenius also directs a Bible translation into the Ottoman Turkish language. The endeavor, which also involves Jacobus Golius, Levinus Warner and Wojciech Bobowski, is still unfinished by the time of Comenius' death in 1670.
Étienne de Flacourt of the French East India Company publishes his part history, part memoir, work on Madagascar. Partly written as a plea for colonial sponsorship, it is dedicated to Nicolas Fouquet, the Superintendent of Finances. Flacourt's book introduces various theories, including one about the Jewish and Arabic origins of the Malagasy people; it is additionally noted for explaining the establishment of Fort Dauphin as an enterprise "for profit and gain, no matter how draped in the beautiful colors of religion."
Andrzej Maksymilian Fredro completes Przysłowia mów potocznych (Proverbs of Common Speech), containing a selection of Polish proverbs and his own aphorisms. The book is also a justification for Sarmatism and "Golden Liberty", with hints of xenophobia.
In Temeşvar Eyalet, Mihail Halici Sr. begins his translations from the Psalms, using Clément Marot's version in a Hungarian intermediary. These are noted as early samples of Romanian-language poetry, as well as for discarding Cyrillic in favor of Romanization.
Johann Heinrich Hottinger, a scholar based in Zurich, publishes his Promtuarium sive Bibliotheca Orientalis, which becomes a main reference work for Orientalism.
Hu Zhenheng's comprehensive collection of Tang poetry begins publication; the tenth and final volume (唐音癸籤, Tang yin gui qian), containing Hu's own literary criticism, is the first to be printed.
Mihnea III, Prince of Wallachia, begins his purge of boyardom. The scholar and poet Udriște Năsturel, who was serving at the time as Spatharios, is reportedly among those slaughtered in Bucharest.
Edward Phillips continues the Chronicle of the Kings of England from the Time of the Romans' Government unto the Death of King James (originally by Richard Baker) to this date.
The Polish Brethren are repressed and expelled, prompting poet Wacław Potocki to embrace Catholicism.
Georg Stiernhielm, a nobleman of the Swedish Empire, publishes his epic poem Hercules. Inspired in part by Jacob Cats' blasons, it stimulates a Baroque in Swedish literature. Hercules is also the first Swedish poem in hexameters.
New books
Fiction
Antoine Furetière – (New Allegory, or the History of the Latest Troubles in the Realm of Eloquence)
Children and young people
John Amos Comenius – Orbis Pictus (Visible World)
Drama
William Chamberlayne – Love's Victory (published)
Aston Cockayne – The Obstinate Lady and Trappolin Suppos'd a Prince (in one volume; posthumous)
William Davenant – The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru (published)
Jean Ogier de Gombauld – Les Danaïdes: tragédie
Andreas Gryphius – Absurda Comica oder Herr Peter Squenz
Thomas Dekker, John Ford, and William Rowley – The Witch of Edmonton (posthumous)
William Lower – The Enchanted Lovers (published)
Thomas May – The Old Couple (posthumous)
Jasper Mayne
The City Match (published)
The Amorous War (published)
Thomas Meriton
Love and War (published)
The Wandering Lover (published)
Gilbert Swinhoe – Unhappy Fair Irene (published)
Leonard Willan – Orgula, or the Fatal Error (published)
Poetry
Richard Brathwait – "The Honest Ghost; or, A Voice from the Vault"
Georges de Brébeuf – Poésies diverses (Various Poems)
Jacob Cats – Proefsteen van den Trou-ringh (Touchstone of the Wedding Ring)
Aston Cockayne – Small Poems of Divers Sorts
Sidney Godolphin and Edmund Waller – The Passion of Dido for Aeneas
Andrew Marvell – "A Poem upon the Death of his Late Highness the Lord Protector"
Antoine Girard de Saint-Amant – Dernier recueil (Final Collection)
Georg Stiernhielm – Hercules
Jan van Vliet – Caecilia Bredana, sive ad Serenissimum Magnae Britanniae, Franciae atque Hibemise Regem Carolum II. Elegia et alia
Non-fiction
Savoy Declaration
The Whole Duty of Man
Thomas Browne
The Garden of Cyrus
Hydriotaphia, Urn Burial
Jean Desmarets – Les Délices de l'esprit (Spiritual Delights)
John Dodderidge – The Several Opinions of Sundry Learned Antiquaries
Richard Farnworth – A Confession and Profession of Faith in God
Étienne de Flacourt
Dictionnaire de la langue de Madagascar (Dictionary for the Language of Madagascar)
Histoire de la grande isle de Madagascar (History of the Grand Island of Madagascar)
Andrzej Maksymilian Fredro – Przysłowia mów potocznych (Proverbs of Common Speech)
John Gadbury – Genethlialogia, or the Doctrine of Nativities
Pierre Gassendi – (posthumous)
Johann Heinrich Hottinger – Promtuarium sive Bibliotheca Orientalis
Hu Zhenheng – Tang yin gui qian (唐音癸籤, posthumous)
Christiaan Huygens – Horologium
Kamalakara – Siddhāntatattvaviveka
Antonio de León Pinelo
Acuerdos del Concejo de Indias (Pacts of the Council of the Indies)
Anales o historia de Madrid desde el nacimiento de Cristo Señor nuestro hasta el año 1658 (Annals or History of Madrid from the Birth of Our Lord Jesus Christ to the Year 1658)
Samuel Morland – The History of the Evangelical Churches in the Valleys of Piemont
John Owen – Of the Divine Originall, Authority, Self-evidencing Light, and Power of the Scriptures
Edward Phillips
Mysteries of Love and Eloquence
A New World in Words, or a General Dictionary
Thomas Willis – (On Two Arguments in Medical Philosophy)
Births
February 18 – Charles-Irénée Castel de Saint-Pierre, French philosopher (died 1743)
March 23 – Giovanni Maria Ciocchi, Tuscan painter and art critic (died 1725)
March 30 – Muro Kyūsō, Japanese philosopher (died 1734)
May 24 – Timothy Rogers, English essayist and self-help writer (died 1728)
July 10 – Luigi Ferdinando Marsili, Bolognese naturalist and travel writer (died 1730)
August 16 – Ralph Thoresby, English historian (died 1725)
August 18 – Jan František Beckovský, Czech historian and theologian (died 1722)
August 28 – Honoré Tournély, French Catholic theologian (died 1729)
September 1 – Jacques Bernard, Dutch journalist and Huguenot theologian (died 1718)
September 4 – Luis de Salazar y Castro, Spanish historian (died 1734)
September 11 – Maria do Ceo, Portuguese novelist, playwright and poet (died 1753)
September 16 – John Dennis, English dramatist and critic (died 1734)
October 11 – Christian Heinrich Postel, Saxon poet and librettist (died 1705)
October 21 – Henri de Boulainvilliers, French historian, philosopher and translator (died 1722)
November 4 – Sulkhan-Saba Orbeliani, Georgian fabulist and lexicographer (died 1725)
December 7 – Silahdar Findiklili Mehmed Agha, Ottoman historian (died 1723)
Unknown dates
Elizabeth Barry, English actress (died 1713)
Awnsham Churchill, English printer and bookseller (died 1728)
William Curtain, Irish poet and historian (died 1724)
Richard Duke, English satirist and poet (died 1711)
Shridhar Swami Nazarekar, Marathi poet and philosopher (died 1729)
Stefan Yavorsky, Ukrainian and Russian Orthodox theologian (died 1722)
Probable year of birth – James Hog, Scottish Presbyterian theologian (died 1734)
Deaths
January 1 – Caspar Sibelius, Dutch Reformed theologian (born 1590)
January 9 – Pierre-Jean Fabre, French physician, alchemist and essayist (born 1588)
January 15 – John Colgan, Irish historian (born c. 1592)
February 10 – Gerard Langbaine the elder, English philosopher and polemicist (born 1609)
February 15 – Samuel Hoard, English Arminian polemicist (born 1599)
March 5 – Francisco López de Zárate, Spanish poet and playwright (born 1580)
March 6 – Ivan Bunić Vučić, Ragusan politician and poet (born 1592)
April 7 – Juan Eusebio Nieremberg, Spanish Jesuit mystic and philosopher (born 1595)
April 16 – Constantine Jessop, English Anglican theologian (born c. 1601)
April 19 – Christoph Köler, Silesian poet and biographer (born 1602)
April 29 – John Cleveland, English poet (born 1613)
May
Patrick Hamilton, Scottish poet (born c. 1575)
John Wright, English printer and bookseller (year of birth unknown)
May 10 – Robert Waring, English polemicist, poet, and Anglican priest (born 1614)
May 20 – Bartholomew Holzhauser, Bavarian Catholic mystic (born 1613)
May 31 – Benjamin Rudyerd, English poet and politician (born 1572)
June 18 – Louis Cappel, French historian and Huguenot theologian (born 1585)
c. June 15 – Henry Rogers, English polemicist and Anglican priest (born c. 1583)
July 18 – Álvaro Semedo, Portuguese Jesuit missionary and travel writer (born c. 1585)
August 11 – Antoine de Cousu, French music theorist and composer (born c. 1600)
September? – Nehemiah Wallington, English Puritan chronicler and book collector (born 1598)
September 17
Kaspar von Barth, Brandenburgian philologist (born 1587)
Georg Philipp Harsdörffer, Franconian-born poet and translator (born 1607)
September 21 – Nuruddin ar-Raniri, Gujarati Islamic mystic and Malay lexicographer (born c. 1600)
September 26 – Francisco de Borja y Aragón, Spanish Peruvian poet, essayist and statesman (born 1581)
October 1 – Gim Yuk, Korean philosopher and literary theorist (born 1580)
October 9 – Anthony Farindon, English Anglican theologian (born 1598)
October 20 – Louis Cellot, French poet and Jesuit theologian (born 1588)
November 4 – Antoine Le Maistre, French lawyer, translator, and Jansenist theologian (born 1608)
November 5 – Thomas Bancroft, English poet (born c. 1596)
November 6 – Pierre du Ryer, French dramatist (born 1606)
November 15 – Jacobus Revius, Dutch poet, theologian and church historian (born 1586)
November 30 – Andreas Sparman, Swedish physician, food writer and poet (born 1609)
December 1 – Robert Harris, English Puritan theologian (born 1581)
December 6 – Baltasar Gracián, Spanish Jesuit novelist and philosopher (born 1601)
December 20 – Jean Jannon, Genevan printer (born 1580)
Unknown dates
John Allibond, English satirist and poet (born 1597)
Gabriel Bocángel, Spanish poet and dramatist (born 1603)
Christopher Cartwright, English polemicist, Anglican theologian, and historian (born 1602)
Nikoloz Cholokashvili, Georgian priest, lexicographer and publisher (in prison, born 1585)
Gil González de Ávila, Spanish historian and biographer (born c. 1580)
Abba Gorgoryos, Ethiopian priest and lexicographer (at sea, born 1595)
Carlo Ridolfi, Venetian painter and biographer (born 1594)
Sen no Sōtan, Japanese poet (born 1578)
Pedro de Torres Rámila, Spanish poet, satirist and Renaissance humanist (born 1583)
Marcus Vulson de la Colombière, French heraldist, poet and historian (year of birth unknown)
probable
John Jones of Gellilyfdy, Welsh scribe and book collector (born c. 1578)
Udriște Năsturel, Wallachian scholar and poet (lynched, born c. 1596)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Nathaniel Persily is the James B. McClatchy Professor of Law at Stanford Law School, where he has taught since 2013. He is a scholar of constitutional law, election law, and the democratic process.
Education and early career
Persily received his B.A./M.A. in political science from Yale University in 1992; his J.D. from Stanford Law School in 1998, where he served as president of the Stanford Law Review; and his Ph.D. in political science from the University of California, Berkeley, in 2002. Following law school, Persily clerked for the Honorable David S. Tatel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Career
Following his clerkship, Persily worked for two years as associate counsel at the Brennan Center for Justice at the New York University School of Law. Persily then joined the faculty of the University of Pennsylvania Law School, where he was an assistant professor of law from 2001 to 2005 and a professor of law from 2005 to 2007. At the University of Pennsylvania Law School, Persily won the Robert A. Gorman Award for Excellence in
Teaching in 2005.
In 2007, Persily moved to Columbia Law School, where he was a professor of law from 2007 to 2008 and the Charles Keller Beekman Professor of Law and Professor of Political Science from 2008 to 2013.
Persily joined the Stanford Law School faculty in 2013. At Stanford, Persily teaches courses on constitutional law, the law of democracy, and the legal regulation of the political process. He also co-teaches an advanced seminar on law and politics with Goodwin Liu, Associate Justice of the California Supreme Court.
Due to his expertise in voting rights, Persily has also served as a court-appointed expert on legislative districting for Georgia, Maryland, and New York, and in 2012, was appointed by the Supreme Court of Connecticut as a special master for redistricting of Connecticut's congressional districts. From 2013 to 2014, Persily served as a Senior Research Director for the Presidential Commission on Election Administration. In 2021, Persily was appointed again as a special master to redraw Connecticut's congressional maps by the Connecticut Supreme Court.
In 2022 he was appointed by the New Hampshire Supreme Court to draw districts because the Governor and state legislature failed to agree on a new map.
Publications
Persily is the editor of three books: Public Opinion and Constitutional Controversy (Oxford UP, 2008), The Health Care Case: The Supreme Court's Decision and Its Implications (Oxford UP, 2013), and Solutions to Polarization (Cambridge UP, 2015). He is currently editing a leading casebook on law and democracy (with Samuel Issacharoff, Pamela S. Karlan & Richard Pildes).
Persily's scholarship has appeared in the Columbia Law Review, the New York University Law Review, the Harvard Law Review, the Southern California Law Review, the Michigan Law Review, the Yale Law Journal, and the Georgetown Law Journal. Persily has also written on election law for The New York Times, The Washington Post, and Politico.
A 2014 study found that between 2009 and 2013, Persily was the eighth most widely cited legal scholar in election law.
References
Living people
Stanford Law School alumni
Stanford Law School faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of Pennsylvania Law School faculty
Candice Dupree (born August 16, 1984) is an American professional basketball coach and former player. She was selected sixth in the 2006 WNBA draft by the Chicago Sky. Dupree has won a WNBA Championship (2014) with the Phoenix Mercury. She has also played professional basketball in Europe and Asia. Dupree has two world cup gold medals with Team USA.
Dupree was hired by the San Antonio Spurs as a Player Development coach in 2022.
Personal life
Dupree grew up in Tampa, Florida. She played basketball and volleyball at Paul R. Wharton High School and has two sisters; one is her twin, while the other is several years younger. Dupree played basketball at Temple University from 2002 to 2006. She won numerous awards and accolades as a college basketball player, drawing comparisons to the NBA's Tim Duncan.
Dupree was married to former Mercury teammate DeWanna Bonner and in 2017 Bonner gave birth to twins.
College statistics
Source
WNBA career
Dupree was selected 6th overall in the 2006 WNBA Draft by the Chicago Sky, an expansion team that year. As a rookie, she was named to the Eastern Conference WNBA All Star team. In her first All-Star game, she competed against her former college coach Dawn Staley. Dupree was also named to the Eastern Conference WNBA All-Star Team in 2007 and 2009 in the WNBA (there was no WNBA All Star game in 2008 due to the Olympics). For the 2009 season, Dupree tied for second place in the WNBA with 268 total rebounds.
In March 2010, Dupree was traded to the Phoenix Mercury as part of a multi-player, three-team deal. Dupree requested the trade.
Dupree would win her first WNBA championship with the Mercury in 2014 as they swept her former team, the Chicago Sky 3–0 in the finals. Dupree had 24 points and 6 assists in the final game of the series. During the 2014 season, Dupree was playing alongside Diana Taurasi and Brittney Griner while the Mercury had a record-breaking regular season record of 29–5 en route to the title.
In the 2015 season, Dupree was named a WNBA All-Star for the fifth time in her career as she averaged 14.1 ppg. The Mercury would make it to the playoffs in an attempt to defend their title but were swept in the second round by the Minnesota Lynx who won the championship that year.
In 2017, Dupree was traded to the Indiana Fever along with the Mercury's 2017 first round pick in a three-team deal that sent Camille Little and Jillian Alleyne to the Mercury and the Connecticut Sun receiving the 8th overall pick in the 2017 WNBA Draft along with Lynetta Kizer from the Fever. During the 2017 season, Dupree would be voted into the 2017 WNBA All-Star Game, making it her sixth career all-star game appearance. Dupree averaged 15 points per game, but the Fever finished with league's second worst record of 9–25.
In March 2018, Dupree re-signed with the Fever to a multi-year deal. In 2018, the Fever would have yet another disappointing season, finishing last place with a 6–28 record.
In 2019, Dupree was voted into the 2019 WNBA All-Star Game, making it her seventh all-star appearance due to her performance during the season, however the Fever once again fell short of a playoff spot with a 13–21 record.
In 2020, the season was delayed and shortened to 22 games in a bubble at IMG Academy due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Dupree played all 22 games and averaged 12.5 ppg, but the Fever finished as the second worst team in the league with a 6–16 record.
In 2021, Dupree signed a one-year deal with the Seattle Storm who are the defending champions.
Shooting Stars
Dupree, along with then-Chicago Bulls guard Ben Gordon and ex-Bulls star Scottie Pippen, participated in the Shooting Stars competition at the 2007 NBA All-Star Game Weekend. In 2008, Dupree again represented Chicago at the Shooting Stars competition, along with Chris Duhon and B. J. Armstrong.
Overseas career
Dupree played professional basketball in Poland, for the TS Wisła Can-Pack Kraków club, during the 2007–08 and 2008–09 WNBA off-seasons. In 2008, Wisla Can Pack won the PLKK league championship, and Dupree was named Most Valuable Player of the championship series. In 2009, Dupree was named to the "Rest of the World" (non-European) squad for the EuroLeague Women All Star Game. Dupree played two consecutive off-seasons for Good Angels Košice in Slovakia from 2009 to 2011, winning a national championship with the team. From 2011 to 2015, Dupree played four off-seasons in Russia for WBC Spartak Moscow Region, Dynamo Kursk and Nadezhda Orenburg. Dupree also spent the first portion of the 2014–15 off-season playing in China for the Zhejiang Golden Bulls of the WCBA As of August 2016, Dupree signed with ZVVZ USK Praha for the 2016-17 off-season. In September 2018, Dupree signed with Sopron Basket of the Hungarian league for the 2018-19 off-season, she would return to the team for the following year. In January 2021, Dupree made her second stint with ZVVZ USK Praha for the 2020-21 off-season.
USA Basketball
Dupree was a member of the team representing the US at the 2005 World University Games Team in Izmir, Turkey. In the quarterfinals against Taiwan, she led her team in scoring with 16 points. Dupree averaged 7.6 points per game, helping the team to a 7–0 record, and a gold medal at the event.
Dupree was invited to the USA Basketball Women's National Team training camp in the fall of 2009.
Dupree was one of twenty players named to the national team pool. Twelve of this group will be chosen to represent the US in the 2010 World Championships and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Dupree was named as one of the National team members to represent the USA Basketball team in the WNBA versus USA Basketball. This game replaces the normal WNBA All-Star game with WNBA All-Stars versus USA Basketball, as part of the preparation for the FIBA World Championship for Women to be held in the Czech Republic during September and October 2010. Dupree was selected to be a member of the National team representing the US at the World Championships held in September and October 2010. The team was coached by Geno Auriemma. Because many team members were still playing in the WNBA until just prior to the event, the team had only one day of practice with the entire team before leaving for Ostrava and Karlovy Vary, Czech Republic. Even with limited practice, the team managed to win its first games against Greece by 26 points. The team continued to dominate with victory margins exceeding 20 points in the first five games. Several players shared scoring honors, with Swin Cash, Angel McCoughtry, Maya Moore, Diana Taurasi, Lindsay Whalen, and Sylvia Fowles all ending as high scorer in the first few games. The sixth game was against undefeated Australia — the USA jumped out to a 24-point lead and the USA prevailed 83–75. The USA won its next two games by over 30 points, then faced the host team, the Czech Republic, in the championship game. The USA team had only a five-point lead at halftime, which was cut to three points, but the Czechs never got closer. Team USA went on to win the championship and gold medal. Dupree averaged 9.2 points per game while hitting 75% of her field goal attempts. She led the team in rebounds with 6.0 per game.
Vital statistics
Position: Forward, Center
Height: 6 ft 2 in (1.88 m)
College: Temple University
Team(s): Chicago Sky, Phoenix Mercury; Indiana Fever
Awards and achievements
Member of the Atlantic 10 All-Rookie Team in 2003 and second team in 2004.
Named Atlantic 10 and Philadelphia Big Five Player of the Year in 2005.
Named the 2005 Atlantic 10 Defensive Player of the Year.
Named 2005 Associated Press All-American Honorable Mention.
Member of the 2005 Atlantic 10 first team and two-time Big Five first team selection in 2004 and 2005.
Named Atlantic 10 and Philadelphia Big Five Player of the Year in 2006.
Named the 2006 Atlantic 10 Defensive Player of the Year.
Named to 2006 Associated Press All-American Third Team.
Selected for Atlantic 10 All-Defensive Team in 2004, 2005, and 2006.
Named MVP of the Atlantic 10 Tournament in 2004, 2005, and 2006.
Named Philadelphia-area Player of the Decade by Philadelphia Inquirer in 2010.
2006, 2007, 2009, 2014, 2015 and 2017 WNBA All-Star Selection.
2014 WNBA Championship.
WNBA career statistics
WNBA regular season
|-
| align="left" | 2006
| align="left" | Chicago
| 34 || 31 || 30.4 || .457 || .000 || .779 || 5.5 || 1.8 || 1.2 || 0.7 || 1.7 || 13.7
|-
| align="left" | 2007
| align="left" | Chicago
| 33 || 33 || 32.7 || .446 || .000 || .775 || 7.7 || 1.4 || 0.8 || 1.2 || 2.4 || 16.5
|-
| align="left" | 2008
| align="left" | Chicago
| 34 || 34 || 32.9 || .457 || .143 || .780 || 7.9 || 2.3 || 1.0 || 1.3 || 2.8 || 16.3
|-
| align="left" | 2009
| align="left" | Chicago
| 34 || 34 || 34.9 || .429 || .387 || .785 || 7.9 || 2.2 || 1.0 || 1.2 || 2.3 || 15.7
|-
| align="left" | 2010
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 34 || 34 || 29.8 || style="background:#D3D3D3"|.664° || .000 || .936 || 7.6 || 1.3 || 1.0 || 0.8 || 1.9 || 15.7
|-
| align="left" | 2011
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 34 || 34 || 31.6 || .548 || .167 || .852 || 8.2 || 1.8 || 0.5 || 0.7 || 1.9 || 14.6
|-
| align="left" | 2012
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 13 || 12 || 26.5 || .483 || .000 || .811 || 4.8 || 1.3 || 0.6 || 0.5 || 2.0 || 13.2
|-
| align="left" | 2013
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 32 || 32 || 33.0 || .515 || .000 || .897 || 6.4 || 1.9 || 1.0 || 0.4 || 2.0 || 15.2
|-
|style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;"| 2014†
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 34 || 34 || 31.2 || .533 || .000 || .849 || 7.6 || 2.4 || 0.8 || 0.5 || 1.4 || 14.5
|-
| align="left" | 2015
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 33 || 33 || 31.2 || .512 || .000 || .802 || 5.1 || 1.7 || 1.0 || 0.3 || 1.4 || 14.1
|-
| align="left" | 2016
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 32 || 32 || 29.1 || .541 || .000 || .792 || 5.3 || 1.9 || 0.8 || 0.1 || 1.0 || 11.3
|-
| align="left" | 2017
| align="left" | Indiana
| 33 || 33 || 31.8 || .494 || .000 || .882 || 5.8 || 1.6 || 0.9 || 0.4 || 1.3 || 15.0
|-
| align="left" | 2018
| align="left" | Indiana
| 32 || 32 || 31.4 || .488 || .000 || .819 || 6.4 || 1.7 || 0.9 || 0.3 || 1.6 || 14.2
|-
| align="left" | 2019
| align="left" | Indiana
| 34 || 34 || 30.7 || .472 || .000 || .839 || 5.0 || 2.5 || 0.4 || 0.6 || 1.5 || 11.6
|-
| align="left" | 2020
| align="left" | Indiana
| 22 || 22 || 30.2 || .462 || .167 || .854 || 5.7 || 2.5 || 0.7 || 0.4 || 1.3 || 12.5
|-style="background:#87CEEB"
| align="left" | Career
|
| 468 || 464 || 31.4 || .497 || .250 || .821 || 6.6 || 1.9 || 0.9 || 0.7 || 1.8 || 14.4
|}
WNBA Postseason
|-
| align="left" | 2010
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 4 || 4 || 32.3|| .630 || .000 || .938 || 8.3 || 1.3 || 1.5 || 0.7 || 0.5 || 20.8
|-
| align="left" | 2011
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 5 || 5 || 32.6 || .603 || .000 || .875 || 5.6 || 0.6 || 0.6 || 0.8 || 2.0 || 15.4
|-
| align="left" | 2013
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 5 || 5 || 34.0 || .493 || .000 || .833 || 6.4 || 2.0 || 0.4 || 0.2 || 2.0 || 15.0
|-
|style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;"| 2014†
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 8 || 8 || 34.2 || .663 || .000 || .900 || 5.5 || 1.1 || 1.5 || 0.5 || 2.1 || 16.4
|-
| align="left" | 2015
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 4 || 4 || 30.4 || .452 || .000 || .750 || 5.3 || 1.5 || 1.2 || 0.0 || 1.0 || 11.0
|-
| align="left" | 2016
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 5 || 5 || 31.3 || .488 || .000 || 1.000 || 3.8 || 1.8 || 0.6 || 0.2 || 1.4 || 9.6
|-style="background:#87CEEB"
| align="left" | Career
|
| 31 || 31 || 32.7 || .569 || .000 || .889 || 5.7 || 1.4 || 1.0 || 0.4 || 1.6 || 14.8
|}
See also
List of WNBA career rebounding leaders
References
External links
WNBA player profile
U.S Basketball team bio
1984 births
Living people
All-American college women's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in China
American expatriate basketball people in Hungary
American expatriate basketball people in Poland
American expatriate basketball people in Russia
American expatriate basketball people in Slovakia
American women's basketball players
Basketball players from Oklahoma
Chicago Sky draft picks
Chicago Sky players
Indiana Fever players
Lesbian sportswomen
LGBT basketball players
LGBT people from Florida
LGBT people from Oklahoma
LGBT sportspeople from the United States
Phoenix Mercury players
Power forwards (basketball)
Seattle Storm players
Sportspeople from Oklahoma City
Temple Owls women's basketball players
Universiade gold medalists for the United States
Universiade medalists in basketball
Women's National Basketball Association All-Stars
21st-century LGBT people
United States women's national basketball team players
The 2004 Kroger St. Jude International and the Cellular South Cup were tennis tournaments played on indoor hard courts at the Racquet Club of Memphis in Memphis, Tennessee in the United States that were part of the International Series Gold of the 2004 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 2004 WTA Tour. The tournaments ran from February 15 through February 22, 2004.
Finals
Men's singles
Joachim Johansson defeated Nicolas Kiefer 7–6(7–5), 6–3
It was Johansson's only title of the year and the 1st of his career.
Women's singles
Vera Zvonareva defeated Lisa Raymond 4–6, 6–4, 7–5
It was Zvonareva's 1st title of the year and the 2nd of her career.
Men's doubles
Bob Bryan / Mike Bryan defeated Jeff Coetzee / Chris Haggard 6–3, 6–4
It was Bob Bryan's 2nd title of the year and the 16th of his career. It was Mike Bryan's 2nd title of the year and the 18th of his career.
Women's doubles
Åsa Svensson / Meilen Tu defeated Maria Sharapova / Vera Zvonareva 6–4, 7–6(7–0)
It was Svensson's only title of the year and the 9th of her career. It was Tu's only title of the year and the 5th of her career.
External links
Official website
ATP Tournament Profile
WTA Tournament Profile
Kroger St. Jude International
Cellular South Cup
Kroger St. Jude International
Kroger St. Jude International
Kroger St. Jude International
Joan Barrett is a Canadian violinist and music teacher.
Barrett studied with Josef Gingold, David Zafer, Paul Rolland, Ivan Galamian and Ruggiero Ricci at Indiana University. She also studied the works of Moshé Feldenkrais, F. M. Alexander and Carol Ann Erickson. She taught violin and chamber music and led an orchestra at the Conservatory of the Mount Royal University (MRU), which she received with the "Distinguished Teaching Award". She continued teaching at the Royal Conservatory of the University of Toronto, where she was the coordinator of the Young Artists Performance Academy. Since then she has been an Academy Coach at the MRU Conservatory and teaches violin and chamber music at the University of Calgary. As a violinist, Barrett played chamber music, gave recitals and performed as an orchestral musician. She was principal of the Calgary Philharmonic Orchestra, assistant concert master of the Stratford Festival Orchestra and member of the Kensington Sinfonia .
References
Canadian classical violinists
20th-century births
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Canadian violinists and fiddlers
21st-century Canadian violinists and fiddlers
20th-century Canadian women musicians
21st-century Canadian women musicians
Canadian women violinists and fiddlers
Feminine Fancy is a studio album by American country music artist Dottie West. It was released in December 1968 and was produced by Chet Atkins. The album was West's tenth studio recording and third to be released in 1968. It was the third album of West's career to not include any singles. Most of the album's 12 tracks were cover versions of country and pop hits of the era.
Background and content
Feminine Fancy was recorded in September 1968 at RCA Studio B, located in Nashville, Tennessee. The sessions were produced by Chet Atkins, West's longtime producer on the RCA Victor label. The project consisted of 12 tracks, most of which were cover versions of country and pop hits by female artists. The album's name was derived from the female recordings that West covered for the project. Country songs covered on the album included "The End of the World" by Skeeter Davis, "Harper Valley PTA" by Jeannie C. Riley and "Tennessee Waltz" by Patti Page. Pop songs covered for the album included "It Must Be Hime" by Vikki Carr, "I'm Sorry" by Brenda Lee and "Broken Hearted Melody" by Sarah Vaughan. One new song composed by West and songwriter Red Lane was also included.
Release and chart performance
Feminine Fancy was originally released in December 1968, becoming West's tenth studio project and third to be issued that year. It was originally issued as a vinyl LP, featuring six songs on each side of the record. It was later reissued to digital and streaming services in April 2018 via Sony Music Entertainment. The album spent three weeks on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart before peaking at number 39 in March 1969. The album did not spawn any known singles, becoming West's third studio record to do so.
Track listing
Original vinyl version
Digital version
Personnel
All credits are adapted from the liner notes of Feminine Fancy.
Musical personnel
Harold Bradley – guitar
Buddy Harman – drums
Grady Martin – guitar
Bob Moore – bass
Ferrill Morris – vibes
The Nashville Edition – background vocals
Jerry Reed – guitar
Hargus "Pig" Robbins – piano
Bill West – steel guitar
Dottie West – lead vocals
Technical personnel
Chet Atkins – producer
Cam Mullins – arrangement, conductor
Chart performance
Release history
References
1968 albums
Albums produced by Chet Atkins
Dottie West albums
RCA Records albums
The La Catrina Quartet is a group of four U.S.-based classical musicians who specialize in traditional and classical music from the Americas as well as traditional European pieces. The group was formed in 2001 by four graduate students at the Western Michigan University. The group tours regularly through the United States and Mexico, with about 50 performances per year at venues such as New Museum of Musical Instruments in Phoenix, the Symphony Space in New York and the Festival Internacional Cervantino. The quartet has collaborated with orchestras, composers and others to create new compositions, and record pieces by Latin American artists. In 2012, the group won a Latin Grammy for Best Classical Recording with Brasilero. It has also won the Research and Creative Scholarship Prize from the Western Michigan University and the Creative Scholarship and Arts Council Award of North Carolina.
Repertoire and work
Named after the famous skeletal figure created by Mexican cartoonist José Guadalupe Posada, La Catrina's work is characterized by the blend of Latin American traditional and classical pieces along with traditional European ones, averaging about fifty concerts per year, mostly in the United States and Mexico in venues such as the University of Washington in Seattle, at the New Museum of Musical Instruments in Phoenix, the Symphony Space in New York, Utah State University, the Mexican Embassy in Washington DC Festival de Música de Cámera in Morelia and the Festival Internacional Cervantino. Their repertoire includes new works by living composers in the United States and the rest of the Americas, those by Latin American composers rarely heard in the United States and new interpretations of classical pieces written up to the 20th century. They have been called Latin American musical ambassadors by Yo-Yo Ma. According to member Jorge Martínez del Río, one reason to maintain more traditional pieces is due to the more conservative nature of U.S. audiences, where the quartet is based.
Members
The current members of the quartet include Daniel Vega Albela, and Jorge Martínez Ríos are from Mexico with Blake Espy from the United States and Jorge Espinoza from Chile. All of the members are musicians in their own right, having played solo and with other organizations in the United States, Mexico, Japan and the United Kingdom.
Daniel Vega Albela, a founding member of the quartet, was born in Mexico City, where he began studying violin with Yuriko Kuronuma. His first recognition was a silver medal at the first National Violin Contest at the National Autonomous University of Mexico. At age sixteen, he went to New York City to study the instrument at Mannes College of Music under Sally Thomas. Later he earned his master's degree in violin at the Western Michigan University, studying under Renata Artman Knific, and a second masters at Kent State. Vega has performed with St Cecilia Chamber Orchestra, the Amherst Collegium Musicum, the Opus 1 Chord Ensemble and the Western New York Chamber Players and as a soloist, has traveled to Japan and Mexico. From 1994 to 1997 he taught at the Yuriko Kuromuna Academy in Mexico City, and in 1997 he appeared at the Festival Internacional Cervantino with the Ensamble de las Rosas, (of the Conservatorio de las Rosas). From 2001 to 2003 he performed with the Interlochen Center for the Arts in Michigan. Several of his students have won recognitions locally in the Midwest US and appears in the 2004-2005 Who's Who Among America's Teachers.
Jorge A. Martinez is a founding member from Torreón, Coahuila, Mexico where he studied viola at the Conservatorio de las Rosas with Gela Dubrova. He was invited to play in Texas in 1998 and received a scholarship to attend graduate school at the Western Michigan University from the Mexican government in 2001 and later received a second masters at Kent State. Martinez has performed with the Philharmonic of Mexico, the Western Piedmont Symphony, the Las Cruces Symphony, along with the Tokyo String Quartet and the Miami String Quartet in venues such as Carnegie Hall, Merkin Hall and Symphony Space in New York, as well as the Chicago Center for the Arts and the Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico City. He has taught at the Conservatorio de las Rosas Festival, the Crescendo Academy in Kalamazoo, Michigan as well as in London.
Jorge Espinoza is a cellist is from Chile. He received the Gregor Piatigorsky scholarship to study and teach at the Peabody Institute of Johns Hopkins University. There he studied cello to the post graduate level, becoming a teaching assistant to Stephen Kates. He studied chamber music here has well under David Hardy and Andrés Díaz. He also holds a master's degree in musical interpretation from Carnegie Mellon, studying under David Premo and Anne Martindale Williams, along with Jorge Román, Lazslo Varga, Dennis Parker and Marcio Carneiro. He has taught cello and chamber music at the Tercer Seminario Internacional in Venezuela and has performed at the Kennedy Center, Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center and Symphony Hall along with venues in Chile, other parts of South America and Mexico.
Blake Espy is a U.S violinist with a bachelor's degree in music performance from Western Michigan University, a master's degree in music from Louisiana State University and an artist's diploma from SUNY Purchase. He regularly performs with the Philadelphia Orchestra, the New Jersey Symphony Orchestra, the Pennsylvania Ballet, the Opera Philadelphia, the Grand Rapids Symphony and the Princeton Symphony, as well as concertmaster with the Las Cruces Symphony Orchestra and the Western Piedmont Symphony. In 2007, Espy became a member of the New World Symphony in Miami Beach where he performs as concertmaster and chamber musician as well as teaches young musicians. That same year, he co-founded Project 440, a non-profit dedicated to training young classical musicians through community programs.
Former members include violinist George A Figueroa, cellist player Alan Daowz and violinist Roberta Arruda.
History
The quartet was founded at the Western Michigan University in 2001, by four graduate students at the institution. The group were friends who initially played casually, but over time decided to become professional. Shortly after the group received a commission from Symphony Space to sponsor the second string quartet of Roberto Sierra, which premiered in 2001 by the four musicians.
In 2003, composer Zae Munn composed Our Hands Were Tightly Clenched for the quartet, who premiered it for the School of Fine Arts in Chicago the same year. In 2005, they were invited to compete in the Joseph Joachim International Chamber Music Competition in Weimar, Germany, the only group from the Americas to participate, making the finals. The quartet became resident at the New Mexico State University in 2006 and have remained resident there and at the LA Western Piedmont, Symphony of North Carolina since.
Since 2009, the group has performed about 500 times, mostly in the United States and Mexico, but also in Germany and England. In 2010, Cuarteto No. 2 was written by Puerto Rican composer Roberto Sierra specifically for the group, sponsored by Symphony Space in New York City. The piece was premiered in 2011 at the Wall to Wall Sonidos Festival. This same year, they collaborated with Cuarteto Latinoamericano to record Seresta No.2 for Double String Quartet by Brazilian composer Francisco Mignone.
In 2012, the group won a Latin Grammy for Best Classical Recording with Brasilero, and in 2013, they were invited by CONACULTA to record chamber music written by José Pablo Moncayo.
In 2014 the quartet premiered a piece by Mexican composer Carlos Sanchez-Gutierrez, sponsored by the Festival International Cervantino, and released their first commercial CD América Latina: A Musical Canvas which was nominated for a Latin Grammy award.
Other recognitions for the group's work include the Research and Creative Scholarship Prize from the Western Michigan University and the Creative Scholarship and Arts Council Award of North Carolina (2009-2010).
References
American classical music groups
Musical groups established in 2001
2001 establishments in the United States
The 2007–08 season was the 66th season of competitive association football in the Football League played by Chester City, an English club based in Chester, Cheshire.
Also, it was the fourth season spent in the Football League Two, after the promotion from the Football Conference in 2004. Alongside competing in the Football League the club also participated in the FA Cup, the Football League Cup and the Football League Trophy.
Football League
Results summary
Results by matchday
Matches
FA Cup
Football League Cup
Football League Trophy
Season statistics
References
2007–08
George Napier Sprod (16 September 1919 – April 2003) was an Australian cartoonist, for many years active in England, who signed his work "Sprod".
History
George was born in Adelaide to Thomas Napier Sprod (4 February 1884 – 9 August 1942) and his wife Isabelle Kathleen (née Knight) (7 April 1888 – 10 April 1991), members of the Cudmore family, prominent in Adelaide society. As a youth he and his sister Kathleen were frequent and respected contributors of poems and drawings to the Register News-Pictorial's "Sunbeams" pages and its successor, the Sunday Mail's "Sunshine Club". He attended Norwood High School then Urrbrae Agricultural High School, as his parents had expected him to embark on a life of agriculture, but he showed little aptitude for the profession. He attended Art School but may not have completed a year, as by 1939 he was in Sydney, having left home on a bicycle, which he abandoned at Hay to complete the journey by rail. Apart from sales of a few cartoons to Smith's Weekly, he did not achieve his artistic ambitions, failed as a photographer and was sacked after a week's work at the De La Salle Brothers school (perhaps De La Salle College Ashfield), so he enlisted in the AIF as a gunner (giving his year of birth as 1918) with 2/15 Field Regiment, and sent overseas.
He was one of the many captured by the Japanese in the fall of Malaya and spent the years 1942 to 1945 as a POW, conscripted to work on the Thai-Burma Railway and in Changi Prison, where he developed his artistic talents. A fellow prisoner was the great British cartoonist Ronald Searle; they, and others, contributed to a fortnightly camp magazine The Exile.
After the war he returned to Sydney, where he sold illustrated articles on his experiences to the Australian press, first to the Fairfax Sydney Morning Herald, then to Frank Packer's Australian Women's Weekly. where he secured a position, contributing occasionally to its companion The Daily Telegraph. In 1949 he left for London, where he had work published by various magazines including the News Chronicle, but most importantly for Punch and was praised by Malcolm Muggeridge For twenty years he was one of that magazine's most published artists. He left London around 1969 and returned to Sydney, settling in Sydney's Kings Cross, which at the time had a thriving community of artists.
Family
While in London he married Francine Humphries (née Dessant) on 22 July 1961. A son, Douglas Peter Sprod was born in 1962 (and lives in England); the couple separated sometime before 1968; she died in March 1982.
George was survived by his sister Kathleen Carter and brothers John and Dan. David Sprod, a nephew, inherited and is the custodian of George Sprod's extensive personal collection of his own work and memorabilia.
Publications
Chips Off a Shoulder Heinemann, Australia 1956
Bamboo Round My Shoulder – Changi: The lighter side (1981)
When I Survey the Wondorus Cross (1989)
Sprod's Views of Sydney (1981) Life on a Square-Wheeled Bike: The Saga of a Cartoonist (1983)
as illustratorBackroom Joys by Justin RichardsonAs I Seem To Remember by Sir Leonard WoolleyThe Tale of the Tub. A survey of bathing through the ages by Geoffrey AsheFrom the Somme to Singapore – a Medical Officer in Two World Wars by Charles Huxtable The New Fitness Leader's Handbook by Gary Egger and Nigel Champion Learn to Talk Old Jack Lang : A Handbook of Australian Rhyming Slang by John Meredith Growing Up in the Forties by Unice Atwell Home for Christmas But Five Years Late by Bob Mutton (ed.) (1995)Vintage Years – Giftbook for Grandparents and the over 60's by Ern Burrows An Explosion of Limericks with Explanatory Drawings by Sprod by Vyvyan HollandThat odd Mr Sprod : cartoons by George Napier Sprod by Dan Sprod, Pub. 2009 by Richard Sprod, Piccadilly, South Australia
Sources
Bryant, Mark "OBITUARY: George Sprod ; Writer and Illustrator Best Known for His 'Punch' Cartoons", The Independent'', London, 16 April 2003
References
External links
Example of his POW art
Items held by Australian War Memorial, Canberra
DAAO entry
ABC Review of 2009 exhibition in Adelaide
Excerpts from Bamboo Round My Shoulder, POW cartoons
Blog featuring YouTube video of ABC Stateline programme on George Sprod by Mike Lynch
Punch print collection
1919 births
2003 deaths
Australian cartoonists
Sprod, George
Drain Mode = ON is one of many stopgap EP releases in between albums from Benn Jordan as The Flashbulb.
This EP is interesting for several reasons. First, along with the free, online FLY! EP, Drain Mode = ON acts as a bridge between two very different albums by The Flashbulb, M³ and These Open Fields, employing a more evolved sound and technique, at least equipment-wise, if not conceptually. Secondly, the short release is quite a bit of fun, displaying Jordan stretching out and getting more comfortable as The Flashbulb, and trying out absurd things like a joking Jazz scat singing style in Loose Jazz X, the loosely constructed ambience of My Summer Tinsle and a very unconventional use of the didgeridoo in Didj X. (This is something he would employ again in Red Extensions of Me with the track Didj Z, as well as a few other releases.)
The track Stinger has since become a live favorite for several years now.
Track listing
Beunip – 1:00
Stinger – 2:15
Every Two Days – 2:30
Loose Jazz X – 1:38
Drain Mode On – 3:02
My Summer Tinsle – 3:31
Didj X – 1:31
External links
Official site
Suburban Trash
2001 EPs
Amina Claudine Myers (born March 21, 1942) is an American jazz pianist, organist, vocalist, composer, and arranger.
Biography
Born in Blackwell, Arkansas, "Myers was brought up largely by her great-aunt, a schoolteacher, and her great-uncle, a carpenter by trade who played the clarinet, piano, and flute". She "started taking piano lessons around the age of four, and when she was seven, her family moved to Roosevelt, a black community outside Dallas. Myers took piano and violin lessons, but eventually, partly for financial reasons, settled on the piano, taking weekly lessons of fifteen minutes each." She began to learn some European classical music at high school, but this was interrupted when she and the family moved back to Blackwell.
Myers majored in music education at Philander Smith College in Little Rock, Arkansas. In her second year, she was invited to play at The Safari Room in Memphis, Tennessee. This engagement, however, was very brief, as her musical repertoire was too limited. After graduation, she moved in 1963 to Chicago, where she taught music at an elementary school. She also attended classes at Roosevelt University and worked with musicians such as Sonny Stitt and Gene Ammons. She was one of the performers at the AACM's second concert. In the late 1960s, Myers added "Amina" to her name.
In 1976 Myers relocated to New York City, where she intensified her compositional work and expanded it into the realm of Off-Broadway productions. She also continued performing and recording as a pianist and organist. Around 1978 she began touring in Europe with the Lester Bowie Quintet and his New York Organ Ensemble.
Discography
As leader
Poems for Piano: The Piano Music of Marion Brown (Sweet Earth, 1979)
Song for Mother E with Pheeroan akLaff (Leo, 1980)
Salutes Bessie Smith (Leo, 1980)
The Circle of Time (Black Saint, 1983)
Jumping in the Sugar Bowl (Minor Music, 1984)
Country Girl (Minor Music, 1986)
Amina (RCA Novus, 1987)
In Touch (RCA Novus, 1989)
Women In (E)Motion Festival (Tradition & Moderne, recorded 1988 released 2004)
Augmented Variations (Amina C records, 2004)
Sama Rou (Amina C records, 2016)
Albums featured
With Muhal Richard Abrams
Lifea Blinec (Arista Novus, 1978)
Spihumonesty (Black Saint, 1979)
Duet (Black Saint, 1981)
With the Art Ensemble of Chicago
Salutes the Chicago Blues Tradition (AECO, 1993)
With Arthur Blythe
Blythe Spirit (Columbia, 1981)
With Lester Bowie
African Children (Horo, 1978)
The Fifth Power (Black Saint, 1978)
The Organizer (DIW, 1991)
Funky T. Cool T. (DIW, 1991)
With Frank Lowe
Exotic Heartbreak (Soul Note, 1981)
With Maurice McIntyre
Humility in the Light of the Creator (Delmark, 1969)
With Greg Osby
Season of Renewal (JMT, 1990)
With Jim Pepper
Afro Indian Blues (recorded 1991, released 2006)
With Third Rail (James Blood Ulmer & Bill Laswell)
South Delta Space Age (Antilles, 1995)
With Henry Threadgill
X-75 Volume 1 (1979)
Subject to Change (1985)
Song Out of My Trees (1994)
With James Blood Ulmer
Blue Blood (2000)
References
Bibliography
External links
[ AllMusic page for Myers]
Amina Claudine Myers at AACM
Amina Claudine Myers at centrojazztorino
Amina Claudine Myers at German Wikipedia
Amina Claudine Myers website
1942 births
Living people
African-American pianists
American women jazz singers
American jazz singers
American jazz pianists
Avant-garde jazz pianists
Women jazz pianists
People from Conway County, Arkansas
Novus Records artists
20th-century American pianists
20th-century American women pianists
Jazz musicians from Texas
Jazz musicians from Arkansas
21st-century American pianists
21st-century American women pianists
Leo Records artists
African-American women musicians
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American musicians
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American musicians
Robert Jordan (born January 29, 1986) is a former Canadian football wide receiver who played for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League (CFL), and the Florida Tarpons of the Indoor Football League
College career
Jordan played college football for the California Golden Bears. Jordan set the University of California record for consecutive games with receptions with 42 and started more games at 37 than any other player on the 2007 team. He attended Hayward High School in Hayward, California.
Professional career
San Francisco 49ers
Jordan signed a free agent contract with the National Football League San Francisco 49ers on April 28, 2008.
On July 29, 2008, Jordan was released from the San Francisco 49ers (upon his own personal decision), so that he could tend to a death in his family. Ex-head coach Mike Nolan was reported saying that he wanted to bring the un-drafted rookie back some time in the near future so that he may attend practice squad.
British Columbia Lions
On April 13, 2010, Jordan signed with the British Columbia Lions. On July 26, 2010, he was released by the Lions.
Florida Tarpons
On August 15, 2011, Jordan signed with the Florida Tarpons.
Personal
He is the cousin of former Cal running back and current Oakland Raiders player Marshawn Lynch, New York Giants quarterback Josh Johnson and former Oakland Raiders quarterback JaMarcus Russell.
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
Player Profile
Family Man The Hand Gesture Sweeping the Football World Began as a Symbol of the Values That Robert Jordan Lives Every Day
1986 births
Living people
Players of American football from Oakland, California
American football wide receivers
California Golden Bears football players
San Francisco 49ers players
BC Lions players
Players of Canadian football from Oakland, California
Florida Tarpons players
Thomas Louis Heylen OPraem (1856–1941) was the twenty-sixth bishop of Namur in Belgium (1899-1941). He also served as President of the Pontifical Committee for International Eucharistic Congresses.
Life
Heylen was born in Kasterlee on 5 February 1856 and studied at the Jesuit college in nearby Turnhout. On 25 August 1875 he became a member of Tongerlo Abbey, taking the name of Thomas of Canterbury. He was ordained to the priesthood on 11 January 1881 in Mechelen and was sent to Rome to study philosophy, theology, and canon law. He was elected abbot of Tongerlo in 1887. As abbot he founded Corpus Christi Priory in Manchester and a Premonstratensian mission post in Congo Free State.
Heylen was named bishop of Namur on 23 October 1899 and was consecrated on 30 November. His emphasis was on encouraging religious devotion, promoting both mass pilgrimages and private retreats among the laity and emphasizing ongoing formation for the clergy. In 1901 he became president of the Pontifical Committee for International Eucharistic Congresses, in succession to Victor Joseph Doutreloux, bishop of Liège. He hosted the 1902 Eucharistic Congress in his own diocese, and personally presided at the International Eucharistic Congresses in Montreal (1910), Chicago (28th International Eucharistic Congress, 1926), Sydney (1928), Carthage (1930), Buenos Aires (1934) and Manila (1937). During the First World War he was appointed vicar apostolic to French territory under German occupation. He maintained a "patriotic" line (refusing to host the King of Bavaria in his cathedral), and on two visits to Rome defended the outspokenness of Cardinal Mercier from critics in the Roman Curia, although he was not himself so outspoken. He founded the diocesan schools of Saint-Michel in Neufchâteau (1909), Saint-Pierre in Bouillon (1910), and Sainte-Begge in Andenne (1925). He died in Namur on 27 October 1941.
References
1856 births
1941 deaths
People from Kasterlee
Bishops of Namur
Premonstratensian bishops
The Grand Tour is a British motoring television series for Amazon Prime Video, presented by Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond, and James May. The programme focuses on conducting reviews of various models of car, new models and vintage classics, as well as tackling motoring-styled challenges and races, and features the use of studio segments between pre-recorded films.
The following is a list of episodes, listed in order of their original air date, along with information regarding featured cars that were reviewed and the main feature of the episode; for the second series only, the list also includes the celebrity guests who appeared on the programme. The Grand Tour conducted its studio segments via a travelling tent for the first series only, information pertaining its location is briefly described within the first sentence of the short summary for each listed episode of the respective series.
Series overview
Episodes
Series 1 (2016–17)
With the exception of the two-part special for the first series, each episode featured studio segments filmed within a makeshift tent lot hosted across various foreign locales - two of these sites were each used for two separate but consecutive episodes. Although the series featured celebrities, most appeared in a minor capacity while others were mentioned or involved a look-alike - these appearances mainly were for a running gag involving them heading to meet the presenters in their tent for an interview, only to "die" in a freak accident.
Notes
Series 2 (2017–18)
After the first series, the programme's studio segments were permanently filmed within the Cotswolds. In addition, celebrities were more fully involved in the programme than the minor appearance they had in the previous series, taking part for a special segment used in this only involving head-to-head timed laps between two guests in each episode, with the exception of the final episode which was a special.
Series 3 (2019)
The third series discontinued the involvement of celebrity guests, in order to provide more focus on films, and was the last series to involve studio segments, car reviews and timed laps. In acknowledgement of this drop in the format, the final episode's last scene featured a montage of studio scenes conducted by the presenters over the course of their career - both from this program, and from their time hosting Top Gear.
Series 4 (2019–2021)
After the third series the tent format was eliminated and the program focused only on feature-length specials. Each episode in the season is marketed with the prefix; The Grand Tour Presents...
Series 5 (2022–present)
References
External links
The Grand Tour's channel on YouTube
Lists of British non-fiction television series episodes
The Grand Tour (TV series)
Bovanenkovo Airport is an airport in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia serving the Bovanenkovo gas field. It handles medium-sized airliners. The airport contains ample tarmac space and is well-maintained.
Airlines and destinations
References
Airports built in the Soviet Union
Airports in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug
SB-242084 is a psychoactive drug and research chemical which acts as a selective antagonist for the 5HT2C receptor. It has anxiolytic effects, and enhances dopamine signalling in the limbic system, as well as having complex effects on the dopamine release produced by cocaine, increasing it in some brain regions but reducing it in others. It has been shown to increase the effectiveness of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class of antidepressants, and may also reduce their side effects. In animal studies, SB-242084 produced stimulant-type activity and reinforcing effects, somewhat similar to but much weaker than cocaine or amphetamines.
See also
CEPC
RS-102221
SB-243213
References
5-HT2C antagonists
Chloroarenes
Indoles
Ureas
Pyridines
Alvogen is an American pharmaceuticals company founded in 2009. In 2014, a controlling stake in the company was acquired by CVC Capital Partners and Temasek Holdings. Alvogen has about 350 different medical and non-medical products, and both produces its own products and markets the products of brand name pharmaceutical companies.
History
Alvogen was founded in 2009 by Robert Wessman, who stepped down from his position as CEO of Actavis in order to found the company. Soon after its founding it had 200 products in development. Since 2012, Alvogen has acquired three different companies in Taiwan and South Korea (Alvogen Korea), where it operates as Lotus Pharmaceuticals (which Alvogen purchased in 2014 for $200 million) and is listed on Taipei Stock Exchange (1795.TT). In 2015, Alvogen acquired DreamPharma for $187 million. It is also the parent company of Norwich Pharmaceuticals, which does the firm's manufacturing.
In 2015, a controlling interest in Alvogen was acquired by CVC Capital Partners and the Singapore sovereign fund Temasek. As of 2017, the company had 2800 employees spread over thirty-five countries. In 2016, Alvogen also acquired the US company County Line Pharmaceuticals for $300 million. In 2017, Alvogen was valued at $4 billion.
Pharmaceuticals
Alvogen markets 350 different products including generic drugs, branded medicines, biosimilar products, cosmetics, and food supplements, for areas including oncology, cardiology, pulmonology, and neurology. Much of its products for European markets are manufactured at a factory in Romania, and packaged in Serbia. Companies that market their products through Alvogen or have sold their generic drugs to Alvogen for sale, include Bayer, Mylan, Natco, and Pfizer.
In 2017, Alvogen partnered with Vivus to provide the anti-obesity drug phentermine/topiramate to the South Korean market and partnered with Omega Bittner to provide products in the Russian market. In 2017, Alvogen also became the first company to bring a generic oseltamivir to the US market. That year, Alvogen had 75 additional products under review with the FDA for approval for sale in the US market.
Alvotech
Alvogen has a subsidiary company called Alvotech that researches biosimilars, which was founded in 2013 by Alvogen founder Robert Wessman. It expects to launch its product line in 2020, committing $300 million to its research and development. Alvotech is based out of Iceland, and it has four research and production sites across Europe.
Controversies
In 2021, Alvogen conducted an internal review into the conduct of CEO Robert Wessman after a former executive made serious allegations of abusive and bullying behavior over a period of years, criticizing Wessman's conduct and governance. Consequently, the company's board cleared Wessman of inappropriate conduct and fired the executive from his position. The executive alleged in a statement to Bloomberg that he had "personally experienced and witnessed numerous instances of inappropriate behavior by Wessman from 2010 to his departure from the company". The allegations included making death threats to former colleagues. After the publication of the death threats in the media, Alvogen's spokesperson apologised on Wessman's behalf.
In September 2021, Wessman as the CEO of Alvogen was accused by Swedish doctor Essam Mansour, who invested $500,000 in Alvogen in 2009, of excluding him from participation in the company and of Wessman appearing at meetings of the company on his behalf without authorisation. Though Wessman denies these allegations.
In March 2022, Alvogen CEO Wessman was linked to a burglary at the offices of Mannlif, the Icelandic news publication. The editor of Mannlif, Reynir Traustason, filed a lawsuit against Wessman as the individual responsible for the crime. Wessman though has denied any involvement from his part.
References
External links
Official website
Pharmaceutical companies based in New Jersey
Pharmaceutical companies established in 2009
Pharmaceutical companies of South Korea
Companies listed on the Korea Exchange
Temasek Holdings
Hinkle is an unincorporated community in Hardin County, Tennessee. Hinkle is located on Tennessee State Route 421, south of Sardis.
References
Unincorporated communities in Hardin County, Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
In Greek mythology, Asteria or Asterie (; ) is a daughter of the Titans Coeus (Polus) and Phoebe and the sister of Leto. According to Hesiod, by the Titan Perses she had a single child, a daughter named Hecate, the goddess of witchcraft. Other authors made Asteria the mother of the fourth Heracles and Hecate by Zeus.
Asteria is notable for her pursuit by the amorous god Zeus, who desired her. In order to escape him and his advances, she transformed herself into a bird and then a wandering island. When her sister Leto, impregnated by Zeus, went into labour, Asteria was the only place on earth willing to receive her, defying Hera's orders that forbade Leto any shelter. After Apollo and Artemis were born on her, the island received the name of Delos, and Apollo fixed it in place, making it his sacred land.
Etymology
The goddess's name "Asteria" (Ancient Greek , translit. Astería) is derived from the Greek word (astḗr) meaning "star". itself is inherited from the Proto-Indo-European root (“star”), from , "to burn". Asteria's name shares an etymology with the names of Astraeus, Asteria's first cousin, and his daughter Astraea.
Mythology
Asteria married Perses, her first cousin, and gave birth to their only child Hecate. In one account attributed to Musaeus, Asteria is the mother of Hecate not by Perses but by Zeus. She evidently joined the other gods during the Gigantomachy, as in the Gigantomachy frieze on the Pergamon Altar, Asteria is seen fighting against the Giants next to her mother Phoebe.
Asteria was an inhabitant of Olympus, and like her sister Leto was beloved by Zeus. After Zeus had impregnated Leto, his attention was next captured by her sister Asteria. In order to escape the amorous advances of the god, who in the form of an eagle pursued her, she transformed herself into a quail (ortux) and flung herself into the Aegean Sea. It was there that Asteria metamorphosed into the island Asteria (the island which had fallen from heaven like a star) or the "quail island" Ortygia. This then became identified with the island of Delos, which was the only place on earth to give refuge to the fugitive Leto when, pregnant with Zeus's children, she was pursued by vengeful Hera. According to Hyginus, Leto was borne by the north wind Boreas at the command of Zeus to the floating island, at the time when Python was pursuing her, and there clinging to an olive, she gave birth to Apollo and Artemis.
Hera, despite being enraged that Asteria had defied her and allowed Leto to give birth to the products of Zeus' liaison, did no harm to Asteria, out of respect for her for not sleeping with Zeus when he chased her, and instead preferring the sea over him, thus not further defiling Hera's marriage. Asteria's power to withstand Hera's threats seems to stem from her parentage as the daughter of two Titans.
A different version was added by the poet Nonnus who recounted that, after Asteria was pursued by Zeus but turned herself into a quail and leapt into the sea, Poseidon instead took up the chase. In the madness of his passion, he hunted the chaste goddess to and fro in the sea, riding restless before the changing wind and thus she transformed herself into the desert island of Delos with the help of her nephew Apollo who rooted her in the waves immovable.
The element of Asteria fleeing from Zeus as the origin of Delos was probably introduced by Callimachus, as in the Homeric Hymn to Apollo, nothing in the conversation between Leto and Delos indicates of such a past for Delos, let alone that they are sisters. Like the Hymn, however, Callimachus does not allude to the kinship between Leto and Asteria either, in contrast to Hesiod, who recorded that they are sisters but did not make Asteria the origin of Delos. Asteria as Delos is already known since Pindar, but whether he would have known of the story of her trying to avoid Zeus is not clear.
In the rare account where Asteria was the mother of Heracles by Zeus, the Phoenicians sacrifice quails to the hero because when he went into Libya and was killed by Typhon, Iolaus brought a quail to him, and having put it close to him, he smelt it and came to life again.
Genealogy
See also
The Astra Planeta (five of Astraea's siblings)
Nemesis
Astraeus
Pitys
Daphne
Notes
References
Athenaeus of Naucratis, The Deipnosophists or Banquet of the Learned. London. Henry G. Bohn, York Street, Covent Garden. 1854. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Athenaeus of Naucratis, Deipnosophistae. Kaibel. In Aedibus B.G. Teubneri. Lipsiae. 1887. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Callimachus, Callimachus and Lycophron with an English translation by A. W. Mair ; Aratus, with an English translation by G. R. Mair, London: W. Heinemann, New York: G. P. Putnam 1921. Internet Archive
Callimachus, Works. A.W. Mair. London: William Heinemann; New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons. 1921. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Gaius Julius Hyginus, Fabulae from The Myths of Hyginus translated and edited by Mary Grant. University of Kansas Publications in Humanistic Studies. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Hesiod, Theogony from The Homeric Hymns and Homerica with an English Translation by Hugh G. Evelyn-White, Cambridge, MA.,Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1914. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Honan, Mary McMahon, Guide to the Pergamon Museum, De Gruyter, 1904. . Online version at De Gruyter.
Marcus Tullius Cicero, Nature of the Gods from the Treatises of M.T. Cicero translated by Charles Duke Yonge (1812-1891), Bohn edition of 1878. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Marcus Tullius Cicero, De Natura Deorum. O. Plasberg. Leipzig. Teubner. 1917. Latin text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Maurus Servius Honoratus, In Vergilii carmina comentarii. Servii Grammatici qui feruntur in Vergilii carmina commentarii; recensuerunt Georgius Thilo et Hermannus Hagen. Georgius Thilo. Leipzig. B. G. Teubner. 1881. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Nonnus of Panopolis, Dionysiaca translated by William Henry Denham Rouse (1863-1950), from the Loeb Classical Library, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press, 1940. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Nonnus of Panopolis, Dionysiaca. 3 Vols. W.H.D. Rouse. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1940-1942. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Pseudo-Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Publius Ovidius Naso, Amores edited by Christopher Marlowe, Ed. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Publius Ovidius Naso, Amores, Epistulae, Medicamina faciei femineae, Ars amatoria, Remedia amoris. R. Ehwald. edidit ex Rudolphi Merkelii recognitione. Leipzig. B. G. Teubner. 1907. Latin text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
External links
ASTERIA from The Theoi Project
ASTERIA from Mythopedia
ASTERIA from greekmythology.com
Greek goddesses
Oracular goddesses
Stellar goddesses
Titans (mythology)
Metamorphoses into birds in Greek mythology
Divine women of Zeus
Characters in Greek mythology
Deeds of Zeus
Metamorphoses in Greek mythology
Deeds of Poseidon
Metamorphoses into animals in Greek mythology
Metamorphoses characters
Women in Greek mythology
Delos
Leto
Night goddesses
Deeds of Apollo
The Supreme Council of Ethnic Hellenes (, ), commonly referred to by its acronym YSEE, is a non-profit Hellenic organisation established in Greece in 1997. Its primary goal is the protection and restoration of the Hellenic ethnic religion in contemporary Greek society.
The group itself estimates that some 2,000 Greeks practice the Hellenic ethnic religion and another 50,000 have "some sort of interest". The followers of the Hellenic ethnic religion face varying degrees of discrimination in Greece, which has an overwhelmingly Orthodox Christian population. One of YSEE's main goals is to obtain legal recognition for the Hellenic ethnic religion.
YSEE is a founding member of the European Congress of Ethnic Religions (ECER) and hosted its seventh Congress in June 2004. YSEE has also been member of the European Union's action program to combat discrimination.
Outside of Greece
In 2007, members of YSEE in the United States founded the Hellenic Council YSEE of America which is now a recognized non-for profit organization based in Astoria, a New York City neighborhood with a large Greek-American community.
Principles
The Gods have emerged from the “True Being” as a simple multiplication of itself into separate entities, and for this reason, they retain all its qualities, which are immortality, infinity, and knowledge. The mission of the Gods is the establishment and maintenance of the unity and the order of the Cosmos. Thus the true Gods are perfect beings that impose order and possess immortality and knowledge. They infuse the world without any obstructions by acting on it. They are subject to the natural laws that they serve, and they partake in the eternal rebirth and continuous synthesis and decomposition of the forms. As to their nature, the true and natural Gods are perfect, virtuous, immortal, unchangeable, infinite, just, all-wise, eternal, non-personal, unifying, ethereal and permeate all matter.
Practices
Altars
The Hellenic Ethnic Religion performs its ritual on altars and hearths, depending on the nature of the deities worshipped at the time. For the Olympian gods, altars are used, which are sanctified surfaces raised above the ground. For chthonic deities and ancestral spirits, they use hearths, which are sanctified surfaces on the ground or in pits. In Hellenic Ethnic Religion, the altar is the most sacred point, the abode of a Deity, “where the altars are, that is where the Gods are." Because of their nature the altars are points of refuge (asylum), and whoever touches them is considered invulnerable, as if they were “holding the hand of the Gods”.
Statues
The only thing that can be equated in holiness with the altar for Hellenes is the sacred statue (Grk. Άγαλμα). A statue is every sculpted or other (even natural) pleasing form which is defined as the icon or symbol of the deity. Either natural, (for example, unworked stones, meteorite etc.) or worked by human hand (sculpted or cast) and of any material (marble, wood, common or precious metal, clay, etc.) for a statue to be “raised” to devotional it must first be sanctified in a special ritual. After the sanctification which is also called “opening of the eyes”, the statue is now the adobe of Divinity, like the altar, and thus it requires respectful handling.
See also
European Congress of Ethnic Religions
Persecution of ancient Greek religion
Gemistus Pletho
Religion in Greece
Separation of church and state in Greece
Notes
Further reading
External links
YSEE homepage
Hellenic Council YSEE of America homepage
YSEE's priesthood Homepage
MSNBC clips featuring YSEE members
Wojciech Jan Rudny interviews YSEE on behalf of the polish «GNIAZDO» magazine
1997 establishments in Greece
Religious organizations established in 1997
Modern Pagan organizations established in the 1990s
Modern Paganism in Greece
Copying network models are network generation models that use a copying mechanism to form a network, by repeatedly duplicating and mutating existing nodes of the network. Such a network model has first been proposed in 1999 to explain the network of links between web pages, but since has been used to model biological and citation networks as well.
Origins
In 1999 Jon Kleinberg and 3 co-authors published an article to Computing and combinatorics attempting to construct a network model that explains patterns found in an analysis of the World Wide Web. The intuition behind the model was that when a user decides to build and publish her own web page, she encounters a list of links for her topic of interest on the web and ends up copying this collection, or many such collections to her own web page. This creating a new node in the network - the new page - and copying edges from already existing nodes in some fashion.
They outlined a model very generally, but didn't analyse the predictions of an exact model in detail, mostly due to computational limitations, but suggested that copying nodes randomly is a simple, model worthy mechanism for creating Zipfian distribution networks.
This paper since, has been cited over 1200 times, which is a number comparable to significant papers contributing to network science, like the one describing the Erdős–Rényi model (about 8300) and includes notable network science books like Mark Newman's
Description
General model
To understand a general model, take a basic network growth model, which is characterized by four stochastic processes. Creation processes and for node- and edge-creation, and deletion processes and for node- and edge-deletion.
Take a discrete time timeframe, where consists of simply at each step, creating a node with probability , and similarly is deleting a node with probability ad(t). Consequently, this also means includes removing all edges that belonged to a node that was removed.
is where the essence of the copying model is. In the original article, they characterize with a probability distribution, that determines a node to add edges out of, and a number of edges that will be added. And with probability that the k edges are either copied or added randomly. With probability , all edges from v are drawn to nodes chosen independently and uniformly at random. With probability , the k edges are copied from a randomly chosen node . Meaning that neighbours of become neighbours of . If it has a degree higher than , edges are selected randomly and if it has a lower degree , a next node is randomly selected and of its edges are copied, and so on.
It can be shown, that such a network produces a power law degree distribution, with an exponent where is the ratio of number of the randomly added edges to the number of the copied edges. So with a ratio between zero and 0.5 a power law distribution with an exponent of can be achieved. Also note that as the ratio approaches 1, the exponent goes to infinity.
GNC model
Another simple model, proposed to explain the observation that the average node degree grows with system size adds nodes one at a time. A new node randomly selects a node from the existing ones and in addition to copying all the edges the target node was assigned at its introduction, it connects to the node itself, thus slightly increasing average degree. For example if the target node is the very first one in the network, no additional edges are added, just the one between the first node and the last. Take the two extreme cases. If a new node always connects to the first node, the model forms a star graph, where each node has degree one, but the first node has increasing degree count. In this case, the average degree increases by with each additional node, where is the number of nodes. In the other extreme case, where the new nodes connect to the one added before it, a complete graph is formed and the average degree increases 1 with every new node.
Walking model
A copying model that is somewhat of a mixture of the two was introduced by Vazquez. In this model, a when a new node is added, it connects to one randomly selected node that is already present in the network, and to each of its neighbors with possibility. So with this graph creates a chain and creates a complete graph. Depending on this graph can produce a number of power-law degree distributions with certain cutoffs that characterize real world networks well.
Biological networks
There has been considerable interest in modeling biological networks, such as protein interaction networks and genetic regulatory networks using copying network models. Genes that contain information about how a node in a network should interact with others tend to duplicate in evolution, thus duplicating the edges that were present in the network. Also, preferential attachment networks can not really model biological networks well, both because they are not plausible, and because a number of biological networks have power law degree distribution with exponent which is not produced by such prefernital network models.
Take a node duplication process, in which initially each node has equal probability of being duplicated in a single time step. However, the probability of duplication is influenced by the history of prior duplications, and not all edges get duplicated, only a randomly selected subset of them. Such a partial duplication model, can produce power-law distributions with exponents , consistent with the degree distribution of a number of biological networks, regardless of the starting graph.
Notes
Graph theory
Marian Cosmin Obedeanu (born 11 December 2000) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Botoșani. He made his debut in Liga I on 2 June 2019, in a match between Gaz Metan Mediaș and Concordia Chiajna, ended with the score of 3-1.
References
External links
Marian Obedeanu at lpf.ro
2000 births
Living people
Footballers from Bucharest
Romanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
Liga II players
CS Concordia Chiajna players
FC Academica Clinceni players
FC Botoșani players
Jesús Cardenal Fernández (20 February 1930 – 25 June 2018) was a Spanish lawyer who served as Attorney General from 1997 to 2004.
References
1930 births
2018 deaths
20th-century Spanish lawyers
Attorneys general of Spain
Prosecutors general of Spain
People from the Province of Valladolid
21st-century Spanish lawyers
Kim Min-jae (; born March 20, 1979) is a South Korean actor. He starred in TV series such as Reset (2014), Spy (2015), The Village: Achiara's Secret (2015), and Feel Good to Die (2018).
Career
After debuting in 2000 as part of a small theatre company in Daegu, Kim decided to try his luck in Seoul. While on the set of Lee Chang-dong's Secret Sunshine (2007), he was inspired to take the entrance exam for the Korea National University of Arts to study film directing. By the time he graduated, Kim realized directing wasn't for him and resumed his acting career. After a few minor roles in A Little Pond (2010), Poetry (2010), and The Spies (2012), Kim gained recognition for his portrayal of an incorruptible detective in Ryoo Seung-wan's crime drama The Unjust (2010). Following more supporting roles in blockbusters like Ode to My Father (2014), The King (2016), and The Battleship Island (2017), as well as appearances in critically-acclaimed films The Truth Beneath (2015) and Mothers (2018), Kim joined the main cast of first-time writer-director Kim Min-ho's crime action film Unstoppable along with Don Lee and Song Ji-hyo.
Filmography
Film
Television series
TV Movies
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male film actors
South Korean male stage actors
South Korean male musical theatre actors
21st-century South Korean male actors
People from Daegu
Korea National University of Arts alumni
The History of Extinguished Eyes () is a novel by the notable Syrian novelist and critic “Nabīl Sulaymān", this novel was published by "Dar –mslkylyāny for Publishing" and "Dar meem".
Content
This novel came in a new narrative form, with a chronological and spatial cover written in fiction and events taken from a real life details that belonged to a genuine reality, in which the fictional world rises to war, love, art, law, savagery, and devastation.
The novel chooses to furnish its humanity the subject of blindness in all of its prejudicial symbolism and in a new approach, so that the narrative background against which the world's limits are established will be battled by forces that are visible and not visible.
The characters in "The History of Extinguished Eyes" share their suffering from authoritarianism's sword, which results in the restriction of freedoms, security pursuits, displacement, and assassinations, overshadowing the fast-moving and short-term relationships in countries where freedom is restricted and whose citizens are dominated by a grueling sense of oppression and defeat.
References
Arabic-language novels
Syrian novels
2019 novels
Syrian literature
State Route 646 (SR 646) is a state highway in Harrison and Jefferson Counties in eastern Ohio. The route runs from US 250 in Stock Township, northwest of Cadiz, to SR 43 in Island Creek Township, just outside Wintersville.
Route description
SR 646 begins at a stop-controlled intersection with US 250 in Stock Township, Harrison County; about northwest of Cadiz. The intersection is on the shoreline of Tappan Lake. The state route heads northeast towards Scio through a valley formed by a small creek. Once it reaches Scio, the route makes numerous turns, has a grade crossing with an Ohio Central Railroad and the Conotton Creek Trail, and shares a brief concurrency with SR 151. Upon exiting the village, SR 646 travels in a more easterly direction. The route heads through the hills of Appalachia passing through the villages of New Rumley, the birthplace of General George Armstrong Custer, and Germano. In Germano, SR 646 runs concurrent with SR 9 for about . East of Germano, the road intersects County Road 51 (formerly a grade-separated interchange) and an Ohi-Rail Corporation rail line.
At the Harrison–Jefferson County line, the route intersects County Road 39 in the community of Annapolis. SR 646 continues east through forest areas intersecting SR 152. The route gradually heads southeast towards Wintersville and ends at SR 43, north of the Wintersville village limits and north of an interchange with US 22.
History
The first segment of SR 646 designated as a state highway was in 1937 on the route connecting Scio with its present eastern terminus at SR 43 near Wintersville. At its inception as a state route, most of the road was gravel-paved, though a short segment near Scio was asphalt-paved and another segment near the eastern terminus was dirt. More segments were paved until the 1960s when the road was fully paved.
The US 250-Scio segment was added to the state system in 1947. Since then, no major changes have occurred to the routing.
Major intersections
References
646
Transportation in Harrison County, Ohio
Transportation in Jefferson County, Ohio
The Cook Islands Federation was created in 1891, after the Kingdom of Rarotonga was given the island of Aitutaki. It lasted until 1901, when it was given to New Zealand.
Geography
The Cook Islands Federation was made up of the islands of Rarotonga, Mangaia, Atiu, Mauke, Mitiaro and Aitutaki.
Economy
Law
The laws of the Cook Islands Federation were made by the local parliament, however, they had to receive approval from a Resident from Britain. In 1899, the Parliament of Cook Islands ruled that the high court of the Cook Islands Federation could not give any punishment worse than those outlined by the Criminal Code Act of 1893, and The Summary Jurisdiction Act of 1894, which were both laws of New Zealand, and that both acts of New Zealand were to be adopted entirely.
Penal colonies
In 1892, the island of Takutea was set up as a penal colony, but in 1899 its use ceased, and the island of Manuae was used instead.
See also
History of the Cook Islands
Sources
Rarotonga, Kingdom of
States and territories established in 1893
Former federations
States and territories disestablished in 1901
1893 establishments in the British Empire
Former British colonies and protectorates in Oceania
1893 in Oceania
Former colonies in Oceania
A tail lift (term used in the UK, also called a "liftgate" in North America) is a mechanical device permanently installed on the rear of a work truck, van, or lorry, and is designed to facilitate the materials handling of goods from ground level or a loading dock to the level of the vehicle bed, or vice versa.
The majority of tail lifts are hydraulic or pneumatic in operation, although they can be mechanical, and are controlled by an operator using an electric relay switch.
Using a tail lift can make it unnecessary to use machinery such as a forklift truck to load heavy items on to a vehicle. A tail lift can also bridge the difference in height between a loading dock and the vehicle load bed.
Tail lifts are available for many sizes of vehicle, from standard vans to articulated lorries, and standard models can lift anywhere up to 2500kg.
Types
Tail lifts are most often categorized by design type. Tail lift design types include Parallel Arm, Railgate, Column, Cantilever, Tuckunder, and Slider.
Parallel Arm
Parallel Arm lifts support lower lifting capacities and are commonly installed on pickup trucks and service truck bodies. The parallel "arms" attach to both sides of the lifting platform and guide the platform out and away from the liftgate mainframe. Parallel Arm designs can either feature two hydraulic cylinders applying force directly to the lifting platform or a single hydraulic cylinder using some version of a cable-pulley system.
Railgate
Railgate lifts are very similar in design to Column Lifts but (generally) support lower lifting capacities. Railgate lifts get their name from the "outrails" which install directly to the vehicle body and serve as the guides for the liftgate platform. Platforms on railgates are larger than those of parallel arm lifts and, like column lifts, fix at a 90° angle from the outrails and lift completely vertically.
Column
Column lifts are "beefier" versions of railgates, supporting some of the highest lifting capacities of any type of hydraulic lift. Like Railgate lifts, Column Lifts feature "tracks" that installation directly onto the vehicle body. From the tracks a folding platform extends and lifts completely vertically.
Column lifts have the advantage of being able to lift to a higher level than the load bed, also known as "above bed travel," and are therefore preferable for vehicles with bed heights lower than standard dock height.
The disadvantages of column lifts include that the platform is only usually able to operate at a 90° angle from the track, meaning that on uneven surfaces, the lift will not meet the ground properly.
Cantilever
Cantilever lifts work by a set of rams attached to the chassis of the vehicle. These rams are on hinges, allowing them to change angle as they expand or contract. By using the rams in sequence, the working platform can either be tilted, or raised and lowered.
Cantilever lifts have the advantage of being able to tilt, which means they can often form a ramp arrangement, which may be more appropriate for some applications. It also means that it can be easier to load or unload on uneven ground.
Tuckunder
On Tuckunder lifts, the lifting platform may be folded and stored underneath the load bed of the vehicle, leaving the option of it not being used when at a loading dock, and giving access and egress for operators without the need to operate the lift. Common tuckunder designs are either single- or dual-cylinder, with dual-cylinder designs supporting higher lifting capacities.
The Maxon company claims to have invented the first tuckunder lift in 1957 under the brand name Tuk-A-Way.
Slider
Slider Lift designs, like tuckunders, are characterized by folding and storing directly underneath the vehicle bed. However, slider designs feature lifting platforms that "slide" out from underneath the vehicle bed (instead of lowering and unfolding). Slider lift designs support some of the highest lifting capacities of any type of hydraulic lift.
Liftgate
In North America, "liftgate" is the commonly used term for a hydraulic lift installed at the rear of a vehicle that can be used to mechanically load or unload cargo.
In the automobile industry, "liftgate" is also used to refer to the automatic rear door of a van, minivan, or crossover SUV type vehicle. This opening system is also sometimes called a "rear hatch."
References
Freight transport
Mechanical engineering
Hydraulics
Kenneth Rifbjerg Hertsdahl (born April 4, 1973) is a Danish curler and curling coach.
At the international level, he is a .
At the national level, he is a five-time Danish men's champion curler (2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2015) and a 1999 Danish mixed champion curler.
Personal life
Hertsdahl is married and has three children. He currently lives in Hvidovre.
Teams
Man 's
Mixed
Record as a coach of national teams
References
External links
Hertsdahl, Kenneth | Nordic Junior Curling Tour
Kenneth Rifbjerg Hertsdahl - Roller i dansk erhvervsliv
Kenneth Rifbjerg Hertsdahl | TV 2 Lorry
España busca la sorpresa en el Europeo B - Curling - Eurosport
Living people
1973 births
Danish male curlers
Danish curling champions
Danish curling coaches
People from Rødovre
People from Hvidovre Municipality
Sportspeople from the Capital Region of Denmark
An Acceptable Time is a 1989 young adult science fiction novel by Madeleine L'Engle, the last of her books to feature Polyhymnia O'Keefe, better known as Poly (The Arm of the Starfish, Dragons in the Waters) or Polly (A House Like a Lotus, An Acceptable Time). Marketed as part of the author's Time Quintet, An Acceptable Time connects Polly's adventures with those of her parents, Meg Murry and Calvin O'Keefe, which take place a generation earlier. The book's title is taken from Psalm 69:13, "But as for me, my prayer is to You, O Lord, at an acceptable time."
Plot summary
Happy to be away from her large family for a while, Polly O'Keefe is spending the autumn with her maternal grandparents, Dr. Kate Murry and Dr. Alex Murry, getting a better education from them in science than she would have received at home. She is grieving the loss of her beloved friend and mentor, Maximiliana Sebastiane Horne. Soon, however, surprising things start to happen, including the unexpected arrival of Zachary Gray, a charming but troubled college student whom Polly met in Greece and dated in Cyprus the year before (in A House Like a Lotus).
Then, while walking near her grandparents' Connecticut home, Polly meets druids Karralys and Anaral and a warrior named Tav, all of whom lived in the area some three thousand years ago. She soon learns that she is not the first person from her time to meet the Murrys' Pre-Columbian neighbors. Bishop Nason Colubra, the brother of a family friend, Dr. Louise Colubra, has been investigating the hieroglyphs found on rocks in nearby, relics of Karralys' time. In doing so, he has also come into repeated contact with Anaral's tribe, the People of the Wind (a tribe that previously appeared in A Swiftly Tilting Planet). The retired bishop is initially reluctant to discuss this, having been met with his sister's skepticism in previous attempts. However, he feels responsible for exposing Polly to the potential dangers of a tesseract of intersecting periods of time.
The Murrys and the Colubras try to protect Polly from being drawn into the past, but although she tries to obey their restrictions on her movements, she continues to encounter Anaral and the others. Karralys and Tav formerly lived in ancient Britain, but have since crossed the ocean and made their home with the People of the Wind. On Samhain, Polly feels a compulsion to visit the Murrys' indoor swimming pool, the modern location of a site considered sacred by Karralys, Anaral, and their tribe. Polly is suddenly transported to the past, where she learns that Tav wants to offer Polly in blood sacrifice in order to avert a drought. Already the People Across the Lake are conducting raids due to the privations of drought, and Tav wants to protect his adopted people. Karralys sends Polly home.
Zachary, however, is intrigued when he learns that the odd people he has seen are from the ancient past. His heart, previously seen as damaged by rheumatic fever in the Austin family novel The Moon by Night, is now so weak that he does not expect to live much longer. On the slight possibility that the solution to his problem lies with the ancient druids, Zach rashly leads Polly back to the star-watching rock, a place where Polly found herself in the past once before. Polly and Zach are drawn through a time gate and trapped in ancient Connecticut, with neither the Murrys nor Louise Colubra there to help Polly out of a potentially fatal situation. Tav soon changes his mind about whether his goddess wants Polly to be sacrificed. Her primary danger is not from the People of the Wind, but from their neighbors across the lake, where the drought is more severe.
The People Across the Lake conduct another raid, and leave behind two of their injured members as they withdraw. One of them, Klep, is expected to be his tribe's future leader. He develops an attachment to his healer, Anaral, and learns from Polly the concept of love. The other injured man, Brown Earth, persuades Zachary to cross the lake with him during the night. Tynak, the current leader of the People Across the Lake, promises to let the tribe's medicine man heal Zachary's heart if he helps bring Polly to them. Zach agrees. He participates in another raid, with Polly's capture as the goal. Polly tries to convince Zach that the People Across the Lake intend to sacrifice her for her blood, but he refuses to admit this. Polly escapes, but returns for Zachary's sake. Ultimately, Polly's spirit of self-sacrifice and love, accompanied by the timely return of rain on her captors' side of the lake, wins out as a better way to interact with the Divine than an offering of death. The two tribes agree to unite and help each other. Zachary repents his betrayal of Polly, and his heart is physically healed (at least in part) before they return to their own time. When they return Polly decides that she and Zachary shouldn't see each other any more.
Major characters
Dr.Alexander Murry — an astrophysicist in the employ of the Federal government of the United States in earlier books, he appears to be semi-retired (or at least self-employed) in An Acceptable Time. His theories about the tesseract and "tessering", first seen in A Wrinkle in Time, continue to be his life's work. He suffers from arthritis and sometimes rides a tractor on the family's farm land. He is Polly's grandfather.
Dr.Katherine"Kate" Murry — a microbiologist and Nobel laureate, Polly's grandmother works from the lab located at her rural home. Although she has an electron microscope, her work in recent years consists primarily of thought experiments.
Polly O'Keefe — The eldest child of Meg Murry and Calvin O'Keefe, Polly was named Polyhymnia by her eccentric godfather, Canon Tallis, but uses the name Polly in later books (and Poly in earlier ones). Polyhymnia is the name of one of the Greek muses. Tall, thin and red-haired like her father, Polly has only recently become attractive to adolescent boys. She speaks a number of languages, and her facility for learning them enables her to learn Ogam well enough to communicate with the ancient tribes.
Dr. Louise Colubra — The Murry family doctor and a close friend of the family, she lost her husband many years ago and never remarried. Louise the Larger, a telepathic snake, was named for her. She consulted with Dr. Kate Murry about Charles Wallace's "mitochondritis" in A Wind in the Door, but is generally averse to fantastical explanations for events around her. Sister of retired Bishop Nason Colubra.
Bishop Nason Colubra — Louise's brother, a retired bishop and amateur archaeologist, he studies Ogam artifacts and is the first character to encounter the time-traveling druids of the People of the Wind, sometime prior to the start of the novel. He is the third of L'Engle's characters to be based on a real person, in this case David Somerville, the retired archbishop of Vancouver.
Zachary Gray — An on-again, off-again student, Zach is interning in a law office at the beginning of An Acceptable Time. His boss there is interested in Ogam writing and Zach learns enough of this language to communicate somewhat with the People of the Wind and the People Across the Lake. Zachary grew up with an abundance of money and freedom but little love or stability, and vacillates between his desires for redemption and self-destruction. As of An Acceptable Time, his desire for self-preservation in the face of serious heart disease overrides all other considerations. Charming, exciting, unpredictable and emotionally needy, Zach brings out the best in Polly, but she cannot save him from himself.
Series notes
Polly's grandparents, Kate and Alex Murry, were first introduced in A Wrinkle in Time, the first book in the Time Quintet, but were not initially given first names. A Wrinkle in Time, A Wind in the Door and A Swiftly Tilting Planet are primarily about Polly's mother, Meg Murry (later Meg Murry O'Keefe) in her teen years and young adulthood, and about Meg's brother Charles Wallace Murry. The other volume in the Time Quintet, Many Waters, is about Polly's twin uncles on her mother's side, Sandy and Dennys Murry. Together with the four books in which Polly appears, they are known as the Murry-O'Keefe books.
Crossover characters Canon Tallis (who was responsible for Polly's unusual first name), Zachary Gray, and Adam Eddington (who met "Poly" in The Arm of the Starfish) connect the Polly O'Keefe books to Madeleine L'Engle's series about the Austin family. In An Acceptable Time, Zachary makes specific reference to his desertion of Vicky Austin at the end of A Ring of Endless Light.
An Acceptable Time is the continuation and culmination of both the Time Quintet and the O'Keefe series (The Arm of the Starfish, Dragons in the Waters and A House Like a Lotus), with references to many places and events from previous books. Alex Murry's interest in the space/time continuum, which led to the events of A Wrinkle in Time, is revisited in depth here. Kate Murry comments on her daughter Meg having had to low an opinion of herself, as seen in A Wrinkle in Time and A Wind in the Door; Kate's research in subcellular biology, a major component of A Wind in the Door, is also mentioned repeatedly. The snake Louise the Larger and her human counterpart, Dr. Louise Colubra, both introduced in A Wind in the Door, return in An Acceptable Time. Sandy Murry is quoted as having said that "some things have to be believed to be seen", a lesson he learned in Many Waters. There is also a reference to Kate Murry's lab being twice tampered with in the beginning of the book, clearly referencing the actions of Sandy and Dennys of "Many Waters", although the Murrys attribute the break-in to some "local kids". Last but not least, Polly's experience with the People of the Wind is consistent with Charles Wallace's interactions with the same tribe in A Swiftly Tilting Planet.
As for Polly's own past adventures, she refers repeatedly to Gaea, her home in The Arm of the Starfish, and mentions the Quiztano people from Dragons in the Waters. An Acceptable Time takes place about six months after Polly's trip to Greece and Cyprus in A House Like a Lotus. In the interim, her friend Max has died and Polly is still grieving. It is implied that one of the reasons she has left fictional Benne Seed Island to study with her grandparents is that Max's death has left her with painful memories of her island home.
References
External links
L'Engle's Official Site
1989 American novels
Novels by Madeleine L'Engle
Time Quintet
American science fiction novels
American young adult novels
Novels set in Connecticut
Farrar, Straus and Giroux books
1989 children's books
Ibrahima Sanoh (born 11 April 1994) is a Guinean professional footballer who plays as a striker.
Early life
Sanoh was born in Conakry, Guinea.
Club career
Early career
In 2014, Sanoh played for PEI club Sherwood Bayern. That fall, he began attending Holland College in Charlottetown, where he went on to score 101 goals in 70 appearances over five years for the school soccer team.
In January 2018, Sanoh spent time on trial with Toronto FC II. In 2019, he played for New Brunswick Premier Soccer League side PEI FC, scoring nine goals.
HFX Wanderers
On 3 December 2019, Sanoh signed his first professional contract with Canadian Premier League side HFX Wanderers shortly after acquiring permanent resident status in Prince Edward Island, and thereby counting as a domestic player in the league. He made his professional debut with the Wanderers on August 15 as a substitute against Pacific FC and scored a penalty in a 2-2- draw.
Honours
HFX Wanderers
Canadian Premier League
Runners-up: 2020
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Guinean footballers
Sportspeople from Conakry
Guinean expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Guinean expatriate sportspeople in Canada
HFX Wanderers FC players
Canadian Premier League players
Stanislav Lopachuk (born 16 February 1992) is a Belarusian ice hockey player for Yunost Minsk and the Belarusian national team.
He represented Belarus at the 2021 IIHF World Championship.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Belarusian expatriate ice hockey people
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Belarusian ice hockey centres
Belarusian ice hockey right wingers
Dizel Penza players
HC Dinamo Minsk draft picks
HC Neman Grodno players
Neftyanik Almetyevsk players
Sportspeople from Minsk
Yunost Minsk players
Jose "Pinggoy" Revilla (December 7, 1922 – March 9, 2011), professionally known as Armando Goyena, was a Philippine actor and matinée idol who was popular during the 1950s.
Family
Revilla was married to Francisca "Paquita" Roces and the couple had eight children: Maritess, Tina, Johnny, Ces, Pita, Rossi, Malu, and Cita. Two daughters became popular movie stars during the 1970s: Maritess and Tina Revilla. Among his grandchildren who joined show business are Bernard and Mico Palanca, Bianca Araneta and Lexi Schulze. His only son Jose or Johnny is also an actor and TV host of Pinoy Wrestling on PTV 4 in 1988.
Movie career
Together with his onscreen movie partner, Tessie Quintana, Revilla appeared in Prinsesang Basahan, Hawayana, Tia Loleng, Virginia, and Isabelita. Goyena, together with Cecilia Lopez and Jonny Reyes, starred in Anak ng Berdugo. He stopped acting in 1958 after getting married.
He resumed acting in the early 1990s. In 1995, he played Don Eugenio López in Chito Roño's Eskapo. Roño used him again in 2001 for Yamashita: The Tiger's Treasure. His final film appearance was Annie B. in 2004.
Filmography
Movies
Television
Death
Goyena died on March 9, 2011, aged 88, from a pulmonary embolism.
His crypt and remains shares with his wife Paquita, and grandson Miko Palanca at Santuario De San Antonio in Forbes Park, Makati in Makati
References
External links
1922 births
2011 deaths
Male actors from Manila
Deaths from pulmonary embolism
20th-century Filipino male actors
21st-century Filipino male actors
Filipino male film actors
115 Squadrons, also known as the Flying Dragon or Red Squadron, is the Israeli Air Force's aggressor squadron. Based at Ovda, it is the sole IAF squadron to operate fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters and also ground-based assets.
History
Formation
The squadron was established on July 8, 1954, as a semi-autonomous unit of 109 Squadrons, specializing in photo-reconnaissance flights. Commanded by Captain Azriel Ronen, the squadron initially operated 4 de Havilland Mosquito PR.16s out of Hatzor Airbase. These were soon augmented by three Mosquito NF.30s converted to reconnaissance configuration, and in June 1956, 115 became a fully independent squadron. Commanded by Major Eli Eron, the new unit was based at Tel Nof. It was soon bolstered by three additional PR.16s and three Gloster Meteor T.7s.
As Middle East tensions rose in the mid-1950s, 115 squadron operations were stepped up. It carried out reconnaissance missions throughout the region, flying as far as Iraq and Libya. Intelligence gathered during these missions proved valuable not only during the 1956 Suez Crisis, but in subsequent wars as well. In the run-up to Suez Crisis itself, the squadron gathered information on Egyptian forces and their dispositions in the Sinai, while during the war it provided much-needed intelligence on enemy activity.
The squadron was disbanded in November 1958 with the withdrawal of the Mosquito from service. Its Meteors were allocated to other squadrons.
Flying the A-4 Skyhawk
115 Squadrons was reformed in January 1969 at Tel Nof, as the IAF's third A-4 Skyhawk squadron. Its first three jets arrived at the port of Ashdod on March 20, and on March 28 the squadron flew its first flight. It soon achieved operational capability and on April 22 saw its first combat sortie in the ongoing War of Attrition, against a radar station in Jordan. In July it participated in operation Boxer, during which one of its aircraft was hit but managed to make a forced landing at Rephidim. The squadron also participated in the Priha operations, while during operation Rhodes, the January 1970 assault on the island of Shadwan, a squadron A-4 sunk an Egyptian torpedo boat. Altogether 115 Squadron flew about 1,000 sorties throughout the war.
Initially operating the A-4H, in 1972 the squadron made the conversion to the A-4N Skyhawk II. It was still flying both models, however, when the Yom Kippur War broke out in October 1973. On October 3 the Squadron had lost its commanding officer, Ami Gadish, when his aircraft crashed during a training sortie. On Friday, October 5, Giora Romm took command of the squadron, despite having never flown the Skyhawk nor serving with the unit. War broke out the very next day, and Romm's first flight was a combat sortie targeting Egyptian troops crossing the Suez Canal, Romm familiarizing himself with the aircraft en route to the target.
115 Squadrons flew all types of attack missions during the Yom Kippur War, from close air support (CAS) to air base strikes and SEAD. The squadron suffered its first fatalities of the war on October 7, when Shimon Ash went missing during a strike against Egyptian anti-aircraft artillery, while Israel Rozenblum was killed on the Golan Heights. Two more aircraft was lost on the following day, both on the Egyptian front, with Zvi Bashan killed and Zvi Rozen becoming a prisoner of war. Another pilot, Mario Shaked, was lost on October 9, and two more aircraft lost on October 11, Yizhak Ofer killed on the Golan Heights and Schneider becoming a POW. These were the last of 115 Squadron's losses during the war, out of 750 sorties flown, a loss rate of 0.9 percent.
The squadron was back in action pounding Palestinian positions in southern Lebanon during the late 1970s and early 1980s, and saw extensive action during Operation Peace for Galilee, the 1982 invasion of Lebanon. On June 6, 1982, it lost one of its aircraft while on a strike near Beaufort Castle, pilot Aharon Achiaz falling into Palestinian captivity. The squadron relocated to Nevatim in 1984, continuing to fly sporadic attacks against Lebanese targets during the subsequent decade, flying 38 sorties during Operation Accountability of April 1993. It was disbanded on July 21, 1994, with some of its aircraft going into storage while others were dispersed among remaining IAF A-4 Squadrons.
Aggressor Squadron
In March 2005 the squadron was reformed at Ovda as the IAF's Advanced Training Center, the initiative of former IAF commander-in-chief Eliezer Shkedy. Operating both F-16s and AH-1 Cobras, the unit is tasked with emulating enemy forces and tactics, creating scenarios as close as possible to what pilots may face in war. Holding training sessions for IAF combat squadrons, the squadron also operates a surface-to-air section, simulating enemy air defences. It is not an operational unit, though all its pilots have emergency postings and its aircraft are equipped to serve as combat aircraft in the event of war.
Modelled on USAF aggressor squadrons, the unit is also offering its services to other nations. In May 2006 it trained with the Massachusetts Air National Guard's 101st Fighter Squadron, and in 2008 the squadron provided desert training for 55 Czech Air Force pilots prior to their deployment to Afghanistan. As a tribute to Czechoslovak military assistance to Israel during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, the training session was named "Etzion", once the codename for the Czech airfield at Žatec from which a great deal of aircraft and material were dispatched to Israel. In early December 2010, 115 Squadron hosted Italian Air Force Panavia Tornados at Ovda, conducting a week-long joint training session. In December 2011 the Israeli and Italian Air Forces completed another two-week joint training exercise. The exercise involved pilots flying F-16As, F-16Cs and F-15Is from three Israeli squadrons, pitted against Italian Air Force pilots flying Eurofighter Typhoons and Panavia Tornado strike fighters.
In March 2012 the Polish Air Force's 10th Tactical Squadron deployed to Ovda for a two-week-long joint exercise with Israel's 115, 117 and 106 squadrons.
In December 2016 115 Squadrons retired its F-16A/Bs, replacing them in April 2017 with the F-16C/D.
See also
Blue Flag (Israeli Air Force exercise)
Bibliography
Notes
References
External links
Global Security 115 page
Israeli Air Force squadrons
Jovinian (; died c. 405) was an opponent of Christian asceticism in the 4th century and was condemned as a heretic at synods convened in Rome under Pope Siricius and in Milan by Ambrose in 393, because of his anti-ascetic views. Our information about him is derived principally from the work of Jerome in two books, Adversus Jovinianum. Jerome referred to him as the "Epicurus of Christianity". He was a native of Corduene, in present day Turkey. John Henry Newman called Aerius of Sebaste, Jovinian and Vigilantius the forerunners of Protestantism, likening them to the "Luther, Calvin, and Zwingli of the fourth century". Other Protestants also praise Jovinian as an early reformer or even credit him as the "first Protestant". Jovinian's teachings received much popular support in Rome and Milan and his followers, Sarmatio and Barbatianus kept preaching his ideas after Jovinian was expelled.
Life
Jovinian was a monk at one time in his life, but subsequently turned against monastic asceticism—though without giving up his status as monk. Jovinian was apparently broadly read and adduced examples from secular literature, which did not sit well at the synods. He became the leader of a group of disciples: Auxentius, Genialis, Germinator, Felix, Prontinus, Martianus, Januarius and Ingeniosus are identified in the act of 390 condemning him. His writings praising the excellence of marriage, which he published from Rome, were condemned at a synod held in Rome under Pope Siricius and subsequently at the Milan synod.
Jovinian, in the polemical view of his chief opponent, Jerome, has some of the style of an "Epicurus of Christianity." The following is a passage attributed to Jovinian by Jerome in his "Against Jovinian:"
I respond to your invitation, not that I may go through life with a high reputation, but may live free from idle rumour. I beseech the ground, the young shoots of our plantations, the plants and trees of tenderness snatched from the whirlpool of vice, to grant me audience and the support of many listeners. We know that the Church through hope, faith, charity, is inaccessible and impregnable. In it no one is immature: all are apt to learn: none can force a way into it by violence, or deceive it by craft.
Nothing is known of the later career of Jovinian. From a remark in Jerome's work Against Vigilantius, written in 409, that he "amidst pheasants and pork rather belched out than breathed out his life", it is inferred by some (who assume Jerome to speaking from authoritative knowledge and not merely in his usual highly rhetorical mode of vituperation) that he was then dead, and had not been made to suffer for his views too strenuously. In fact, penalties of quite a cruel nature were often meted out upon heretics during the reign of Theodosius, and legal records at the time show that the Roman state did prescribe cruel punishments for him, including flogging and (supposing he survived) exile "...to the Isle of Bua" in the Adriatic Sea. It is worth noting in this regard that Augustine, in a relatively recently discovered letter (10*), laments the use of the leaded thong on heretics, since, in the Saint's words, "...it so often leads to death."
Despite seeing marriage as an honorable state, Jovinian himself did not marry, so that he was not kept busy by the state of marriage.
Teachings
The writings of Jovinian were sent to Jerome by his friend Pammachius. Jerome replied to them in a long treatise in two books, written in 393. Many of Jovinian's views could be considered contrary to ascetic ideals that were gaining prominence in the era, and would ultimately influence what constitutes Roman Catholic Orthodoxy today.
He felt that virgins, widows and married women, even remarried widows, are of equal merit in the Christian community. Jovinian addressed his virginal reader:
I do you no wrong, Virgin: you have chosen a life of chastity on account of the present distress: you determined on the course in order to be holy in body and spirit: be not proud: you and your married sisters are members of the same Church…Now concerning virgins I have no commandment of the Lord: but I give my judgement, as one that hath obtained mercy of the Lord to be faithful. I think therefore that this is good by reason of the present distress, namely, that it is good for a man to be as he is… See, the Apostle confesses that as regards virgins he has no commandment of the Lord, and he who had with authority laid down the law respecting husbands and wives, does not dare to command what the Lord has not enjoined. And rightly too. For what is enjoined is commanded, what is commanded must be done, and that which must be done implies punishment if it is not done. For it is useless to order a thing to be done and yet leave the individual free to do it or not do it. If the Lord had commanded virginity He would have seemed to condemn marriage, and to do away with the seed-plot of mankind, of which virginity itself is a growth. If He had cut off the root, how was He to expect fruit ? If the foundations were not first laid, how was He to build the edifice, and put on the roof to cover all ! Excavators toil hard to remove mountains; the bowels of the earth are pierced in the search for gold. And, when the tiny particles, first by the blast of the furnace, then by the hand of the cunning workman have been fashioned into an ornament, men do not call him blessed who has separated the gold from the dross but him who wears the beautiful gold. Do not marvel then if, placed as we are, amid temptations of the flesh and incentives to vice, the angelic life be not exacted of us, but merely recommended. If advice be given, a man is free to proffer obedience; if there be a command, he is a servant bound to compliance.
Jovinian also maintained that abstinence is no better than the partaking of food in the right disposition. Looking back into the creation, Jovinian stated that God gave dominion to humanity over the creation. After the great flood, God allowed humanity to take food not only from plants, but also from animals. St. Paul in the New Testament also teaches that all food is clean if they are eaten with thankfulness (Romans 14:20). Another point that Jovinian argues is, "they who with full assurance of faith have been born again in baptism, cannot be overthrown by the devil." As Jerome critiques in his treatise, Jerome alters the word "overthrown" with "tempted". This may show that either Jerome missed a point that Jovinian was making, as his argument on this point was much shorter. The word "overthrow" may have indicated much more significance than a believer committing sin since Jovinian believed that a believer was able to sin after the baptism. He wrote that if they do sin, they must repent. Rather, Jovinian seems to have been arguing that something significant occurs in the life of the believer when he or she is baptized, something that goes beyond peccability. This quote reveals a concern not simply over the presence of sin, but over the future state of believers. Jovinian evidently argued that baptism, administered “with full assurance of faith,” places believers in a state in which the blessings they experience as a result are not diminished by the presence of sin.
In other words, Jovinian argued for what historian David Hunter called the final indefectibility of believers rather than their personal impeccability. Those who are baptized into the Church are in a permanent state of grace. Jovinian limited the impossibility of relapse to the truly regenerate, thus his teaching on perseverance has affinities with Augustine's gift of perseverance and the Calvinist doctrine of perseverance of the saints.
However Jovinian did not derive his view of eternal security from a doctrine of predestination, but instead from his denial of works having merit. The fourth proposition stated is, "there is one reward in the kingdom of heaven for all who have kept their baptismal vow." Referencing Matthew 25:31-46 about sheep and goats, the judgment of humanity through the flood, and the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah, Jovinian stated, “There is one salvation for those who are released, one destruction for those who stay behind”. Jovinian rejected the idea that believers should be divided into classes, some more spiritual than others, because the New Testament repeatedly emphasizes that all believers partake of the body and blood of Christ (John 6:56), that the Holy Spirit indwells all believers (1 Cor 6:19), and that the Church itself is one. For these reasons, the common teaching that an ascetic lifestyle produces greater reward should be rejected. All believers possess the presence of Christ and are part of the same body. Therefore, all experience the same reward.
Many scholars have argued that for Jovinian, works did not justify a man, thus holding to a Protestant view of justification, which is by faith alone. It has been argued that Jovinian believed in a distinction between the visible and invisible churches, based on his statement that the Church is founded on faith, and that all in the Church are taught by God and that no "unripe" members exist within the Church and no one can anyone enter the church "by fraud".
Jovinian distinguished physical baptism and baptism of the Holy Spirit, which confers grace to the believer.
From a letter of the synod at Milan to Pope Siricius (Ambrose, Epistle xlii) and from Augustine's book Contra Julian. ii, it is clear that Jovinian also denied the perpetual virginity of Mary.
The counter of Jerome to this "Epicurus of Christianity" took a whole book to praise virginity and disparage the state of marriage, based upon Paul's remarks in 1 Corinthians 7. The work was couched in abusive and intemperate language that appalled Pammachius, who found it excessive in its praise of virginity and in depreciation of marriage. Jerome did not approve of democratic distribution of bliss in the life to come:
Perhaps those who have been married twice or thrice ought not to complain, for the same whoremonger if penitent is made equal in the kingdom of heaven even to virgins.
Efforts to suppress it failed, however, and Jerome's work obtained a wide circulation.
Chaucer mentions Jovinian with scorn in the "Summoner's Tale" of his Canterbury Tales, lines 221-3:
...lyke Iouinian
Fat as a whale and walkynge as a swan
As vinolent as botel in the spence
Reaction
After Jovinian attacked monasticism, Jerome attacked him harshly. Jerome gives a very bad picture of the character of Jovinian, clearly colored by bitterness. Jerome called Jovinian a servant of corruption, barbarous writer, while Augustine was more lenient, despite disagreeing with some views of Jovinian. Siricius the bishop of Rome later excommunicated Jovinian and his followers, because he was zealously opposed to any marriage of clergy. Jovinian was also condemned by Ambrose, in the same fashion as Siricius, because of his high views on marriage.
Later in the Protestant reformation, Jovinian has been seen as a "witness of truth", while he is most often seen as a heretic by Roman Catholics.
See also
Antidicomarianites
Bonosians
Helvidius
Sarmatio
References
Hunter, David G., "Rereading the Jovinianist Controversy: Aestheticism and Clerical Authority in Late Ancient Christianity," in Dale B. Martin and Patricia Cox Miller (eds), The Cultural Turn in Late Ancient Studies: Gender, Asceticism, and Historiography (Durham (NC), Duke University Press, 2005), 119–135.
Hunter, David G. Marriage, Celibacy, and Heresy in Ancient Christianity: The Jovinianist Controversy (Oxford, OUP, 2007) (Oxford Early Christian Studies).
External links
Philip Schaff, History of the Christian Church, Volume III: Nicene and Post-Nicene Christianity. A.D. 311-600. § 46. Opposition to Monasticism. Jovinian.
4th-century Christian theologians
People excommunicated by the Catholic Church
4th-century Romans
4th-century Latin writers
Proto-Protestants
Cascade Mountain is in Essex County of New York. It is one of the 46 Adirondack High Peaks (36th) and is located in the Adirondack Park. Its name comes from a series of waterfalls on a brook near the mountain's base. The lake it flows into and the pass between Cascade and Pitchoff mountains are also named Cascade.
Cascade Mountain towers over the Van Hoevenberg ski center, the venue for bobsledding at the 1980 Winter Olympics.
Of the 46 Adirondack High Peaks, Cascade is the most accessible and the most frequently climbed. The main trailhead is on Route 73, 6 miles (10 km) east of Lake Placid, at Cascade Pass, overlooking Cascade Lake. The summit is visible from the trailhead, a rare occurrence in the High Peaks.
The well-used trail follows red plastic markers and takes the hiker up 2.2 miles (4.6 km) and almost 2,000 vertical feet (600 vertical m) to the mountain's bare-rock summit, which, while it resembles the alpine summits found on many higher peaks, is instead the result of a 1903 fire.
Views are possible in all directions, and on a clear day with good weather one often finds many hikers on the summit.
Porter Mountain, another of the High Peaks, is an easy side-trip. The summit of Porter Mountains is 0.7 miles from Cascade Mountain Trail. The two summits can be reached together on a 6.2-mile hike.
Gallery
Notes
External links
360-degree interactive panoramas
Cascades Mountain - letsgoplayoutside.com
Mountains of Essex County, New York
Tourist attractions in Essex County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
A Wonderful Spell () is a French-Swiss-Canadian film directed by Dominique Cabrera.
Plot
Following a German raid during World War II the inmates of a psychiatric hospital in Flanders elude their overseers. In spite of their issues they strive to rejoin the normal citizens.
Cast
Release
In the UK a version with English subtitles was released.
References
External links
2004 films
French drama films
Swiss drama films
Canadian drama films
2000s French-language films
French-language Swiss films
French-language Canadian films
2000s Canadian films
2000s French films
Kevin Nickelberry (born October 15, 1964) is an American college basketball coach and current assistant coach at Georgetown.
Nickelberry is the former head men's basketball coach at Howard University, as well as at Hampton University.
Head coaching record
Man 's
Woman 's
Personal life
Born in Washington, D.C., he is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people
American expatriates in Libya
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Washington, D.C.
Basketball players from Washington, D.C.
Charlotte 49ers men's basketball coaches
Clemson Tigers men's basketball coaches
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
DePaul Blue Demons men's basketball coaches
Expatriate sportspeople in Libya
Hampton Pirates men's basketball coaches
Holy Cross Crusaders men's basketball coaches
Howard Bison men's basketball coaches
LSU Tigers basketball coaches
Monmouth Hawks men's basketball coaches
Virginia Wesleyan Marlins men's basketball players
Norman Briers (born 10 February 1947) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Leicestershire. He was born in Highfields, Leicester.
Briers' career with the Second XI began in 1965, but he had to wait a further two years until he made his only appearance in a first-class match, against Cambridge University. The game, most notable for opener Michael Norman carrying his bat for a first-class best 221 not out, saw Briers score just one run in the only innings in which he batted.
Briers continued playing for the Second XI until the end of the 1967 season.
External links
Norman Briers at Cricket Archive
1947 births
Living people
English cricketers
Leicestershire cricketers
Cricketers from Leicester
Jason Jung and Dennis Novikov were the defending champions but only Novikov chose to defend his title, partnering Julio Peralta. Novikov lost in the semifinals to Austin Krajicek and Jackson Withrow.
Krajicek and Withrow won the title after defeating Bradley Klahn and Tennys Sandgren 6–4, 6–3 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Tennis Championships of Maui - Doubles
Long-term care insurance (LTC or LTCI) is an insurance product, sold in the United States, United Kingdom and Canada that helps pay for the costs associated with long-term care. Long-term care insurance covers care generally not covered by health insurance, Medicare, or Medicaid.
Individuals who require long-term care are generally not sick in the traditional sense but are unable to perform two of the six activities of daily living (ADLs) such as dressing, bathing, eating, toileting, continence, transferring (getting in and out of a bed or chair), and walking.
Age is not a determining factor in needing long-term care. About 70 percent of individuals over 65 will require at least some type of long-term care services during their lifetime. About 40% of those receiving long-term care today are between 18 and 64. Once a change of health occurs, long-term care insurance may not be available. Early onset (before 65) Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease occur rarely.
Long-term care is an issue because people are living longer. As people age, many times they need help with everyday activities of daily living or require supervision due to severe cognitive impairment. That impacts women even more since they often live longer than men and, by default, become caregivers to others.
Benefits
Long-term care insurance can cover home care, assisted living, adult daycare, respite care, hospice care, nursing home, Alzheimer's facilities, and home modification to accommodate disabilities. If home care coverage is purchased, long-term care insurance can pay for home care, often from the first day it is needed. It will pay for a visiting or live-in caregiver, companion, housekeeper, therapist or private duty nurse up to seven days a week, 24 hours a day up to the policy benefit maximum. Many experts suggest shopping between the ages of 45 and 55 as part of an overall retirement plan to protect assets from the high costs and burdens of extended health care.
Other benefits of long-term care insurance:
Many individuals may feel uncomfortable relying on their children or family members for support, and find that long-term care insurance could help cover out-of-pocket expenses. Without long-term care insurance, the cost of providing these services may quickly deplete the savings of the individual and/or their family. The costs of long-term care differ by region. The U.S. government has an interactive map to estimate the costs by state.
Premiums paid on a long-term care insurance product may be eligible for an income tax deduction. The amount of the deduction depends on the age of the covered person. Benefits paid from a long-term care contract are generally excluded from income. Some states also have deductions or credits and proceeds are always tax-free.
Business deductions of premiums are determined by the type of business. Generally corporations paying premiums for an employee are 100% deductible if not included in employee's taxable income.
In the United States, Medicaid will provide long-term care services for the poor or those who spend-down assets because of care and exhaust their assets. In most states, you must spend down to $2000. If there is a living spouse/partner they may keep an additional amount.
A welfare program, Medicaid does provide medically necessary services for people with limited resources who "need nursing home care but can stay at home with special community care services."
However, Medicaid generally does not cover long-term care provided in a home setting or for assisted living. People who need long-term care often prefer care in the home or in a private room in an assisted living facility.
Types of policies
Private long-term care (LTC) insurance is growing in popularity in the United States. Premiums, however, have risen dramatically in recent years even for existing policyholders. Coverage costs can be expensive, when consumers wait until retirement age to purchase LTC coverage.
As they relate to U.S. policies, two types of long-term care policies offered are:
Traditional policies are the most common policies offered. Traditional policy premiums, like automobile insurance premiums, are paid on a continual basis. If unused, no premiums are returned. However, if the policy has a "return of premium" rider, a death benefit will be paid to a beneficiary if the insured dies at a time when benefits received under the policy are less than the premiums paid to the insurer. The amount of the benefit is equal to the excess of premiums paid over benefits received.
Combination or hybrid policies are a combination of life insurance or an annuity with long term care insurance. Several varieties of these combinations exist.
As they relate to U.S. income tax, two types of long-term care policies offered are:
Tax qualified (TQ) policies are the most common policies offered. A TQ policy requires that a person 1) be expected to require care for at least 90 days, and be unable to perform 2 or more activities of daily living (eating, dressing, bathing, transferring, toileting, continence) without substantial assistance (hands-on or standby); or 2) for at least 90 days, need substantial assistance due to a severe cognitive impairment. In either case, a doctor must provide a plan of care. Benefits from a TQ policy are non-taxable.
Non-tax qualified (NTQ) was formerly called traditional long-term care insurance. It often includes a "trigger" called a "medical necessity" trigger. This means that the patient's own doctor, or that doctor in conjunction with someone from the insurance company, can state that the patient needs care for any medical reason and the policy will pay. NTQ policies include walking as an activity of daily living and usually only require the inability to perform 1 or more activity of daily living. The Treasury Department has not clarified the status of benefits received under a non-qualified long-term care insurance plan. Therefore, the taxability of these benefits is open to further interpretation. This means that it is possible that individuals who receive benefits under a non-qualified long-term care insurance policy risk facing a large tax bill for these benefits.
Fewer non-tax qualified policies are available for sale. One reason is that consumers want to be eligible for the tax deductions available when buying a tax-qualified policy. The tax issues can be more complex than the issue of deductions alone, and it is advisable to seek good counsel on all the pros and cons of a tax-qualified policy versus a non-tax-qualified policy, since the benefit triggers on a good non-tax-qualified policy are better. By law, tax-qualified policies carry restrictions on when the policyholder can receive benefits. One survey found that sixty-five percent of purchasers did not know whether or not the policy they bought was tax qualified.
Once a person purchases a policy, the language cannot be changed by the insurance company, and the policy usually is guaranteed renewable for life. It can never be canceled by the insurance company for health reasons, but can be canceled for non-payment.
Most benefits are paid on a reimbursement basis and a few companies offer indemnity-based per-diem benefits at a higher rate. Most policies cover care only in the continental United States. Policies that cover care in select foreign countries usually only cover nursing care and do so at a rated benefit.
Group policies may have provisions for non-restricted or open enrollment periods and underwriting may be required. Group plans may or may not be guaranteed renewable or tax qualified. Some group plans include language allowing the insurance company to replace the policy with a similar policy and to change the premiums at that time. Some group plans can be canceled by the insurance company. To compensate for the higher insurance risk group plans may have higher deductibles and lower benefits than individual plans. Some group plans have a 3 ADL (activities of daily living) requirement for nursing care.
The Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA) provides certain former employees, retirees, spouses, former spouses, and dependent children the right to temporary continuation of health coverage at group rates.
Retirement systems such as CalPERS may offer long-term care insurance similar to a group plan. These organizations are not regulated by the state insurance departments. They can increase rates and make changes to policies without state scrutiny and approval.
Long-term care insurance rates are determined by six main factors: the person's age, the daily (or monthly) benefit, how long the benefits pay, the elimination period, inflation protection, and the health rating (preferred, standard, sub-standard). Most companies will offer couples and multi-life discounts on individual policies. Some companies define "couples" not only to spouses, but also to two people who meet criteria for living together in a committed relationship and sharing basic living expenses. The average age of purchasers has dropped from 68 years in 1990 to 61 years in 2005, and the number of purchasers who are under age 65 has increased significantly.
Most companies offer multiple premium payment modes: annual, semi-annual, quarterly, and monthly. Companies may add a percentage for more frequent payment than annual. Options such as spousal survivorship, non-forfeiture, restoration of benefits and return of premium are available with most plans.
The Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 makes Partnership plans available to all states. Partnership provides "lifetime asset protection" from the Medicaid spend-down requirement. As of March 2014, 41 states had active Long Term Care Insurance Partnership programs.
Benefit eligibility and deductibles
Most policies pay benefits when the policyholder needs help with two or more of six ADLs or when a cognitive impairment is present. According to the US Department of Health and Human Services all tax-qualified long-term care insurance plans have the same trigger.
Most policies have an elimination period or waiting period similar to a deductible. This is the period of time that you pay for care before your benefits are paid. Elimination days may be from 30 to 120 days after a long-term care incident, such as a fall or illness. Some policies require intended claimants to provide proof of 30 to 120 service days of paid care before any benefits will be paid. In some cases, the option may be available to select zero elimination days when covered services are provided in the home in accordance with a Plan of Care. A policyholder can select a maximum daily or monthly benefit. This is the maximum the insurance company will pay toward care on either a daily or monthly basis
LTC riders in Canada
LTC Insurance riders generally available in Canadian policies include:
ROPD – Return of premium on death. Your premiums are returned to your estate.
Protection from inflation – Policy benefit grows at a set rate of return.
LTCi in Germany
In Germany there are two different kinds of care insurance: mandatory care insurance and voluntary, private care insurance. The German laws oblige the people to have a basic care insurance. It is one of five mandatory insurances, the others are health, accident, unemployment and pension insurance. As usual in the German public insurance system costs are evenly split between employers and employees.
There are three types of private care insurance:
1. The most expensive form of private care insurance is like a life insurance. It pays you a monthly pension when the insured needs to be taken care of, no matter what the care actually costs. When making the contract you can choose how much the insurance pays each month, depending on the care level.
2. Another form of private care insurance pays a certain percentage of the actual cost after the mandatory care insurance has paid. Here you can decide on the percentage that is being paid, depending on the care level. The advantage of this type of insurance is that it pays more money when the care costs more, so the risk of raised prices is lower for the insured.
3. The most common type of private care insurance pays a certain amount of money for each day where the insured is being taken care of.
LTCi in the United States
Some 7 million individuals have some form of long-term care insurance. The vast majority have what is referred to as traditional, or health-based, LTC insurance. The opposite is true for new policy sales. Some 350,000 new policies are sold each year with 84 percent being linked-benefit or life insurance policies that include a LTC benefit.
In the U.S., the nation's long-term care insurance companies paid out a record $11 billion in claims in 2019 to some 310,000 policyholders.
A new study projects that the lifetime chance of long-term care insurance policy usage. Someone purchasing coverage at age 65 has a 50% likelihood of using their policy benefits, especially when there is no elimination period for home care benefits.
See also
Activities of daily living
CLASS Act
Continuing Care Retirement Community
Health insurance in the United States
Long Term Care Benefit Plan
References
External links
What to look for in a LTC policy from Consumer Reports (February 2011)
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Long Term Care information
American Association for Long Term Care Insurance - AALTCI
National Institute on Health
National Association of Insurance Commissions LTC Section
US Department of Health & Human Services Aging, Caregiving & LTC
Medicaid Eligibility
Caregiving
Elderly care
Health insurance
Medicare and Medicaid (United States)
Polyortha clarkeana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Argentina.
References
Moths described in 1984
Polyortha
Moths of South America
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Sorkheh Hesar (, also Romanized as Sorkheh Ḩeşār) is a village in Kandovan Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 184, in 29 families.
References
Populated places in Meyaneh County
John MacLeod (born 21 February 1957) is a Canadian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Canadian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Canada
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 2013 South Australian National Football League season was the 134th season of the top-level Australian rules football competition in South Australia.
The season opened on 28 March with the opening fixture between West Adelaide and Central District, and concluded on 6 October with the Grand Final, in which minor premiers went on to record its 29th premiership, defeating by 40 points.
, , also made the top (final) five teams and participated in the finals series. , , , all missed the top five, with the last of those finishing last to record its 16th wooden spoon.
Premiership season
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
Round 6
Round 7
Round 8
Round 9
Round 10
Round 11
Round 12
Round 13
Round 14
Round 15
Round 16
Round 17
Round 18
Round 19
Round 20
Round 21
Round 22
Round 23
Ladder
Finals series
Week 1
Week 2
Week 3
Week 4 (2013 SANFL Grand Final)
Club Performances
Best and fairest
Ken Farmer Medal
The Ken Farmer Medal is awarded to the SANFL's leading goal scorer during the home and away season.
Current clubs
References
South Australian National Football League seasons
SANFL
Kota Tulsipur is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6210 living in 839 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
The Melfa is a river in Lazio, Italy. It rises in the Monti della Meta, flows south-west for about and joins the Liri near San Giovanni Incarico.
The source of the Melfa issues from a high limestone chimney in the Valle di Canneto at an elevation of in the Lazio watershed of the Parco Nazionale d'Abruzzo, Lazio e Molise beneath the Massiccio del Meta, in the territory of Settefrati. The source has been linked in local legend and popular devotion since Antiquity. In a series of rapids and cascades, it descends the Valle di Comino, passing through Picinisco, Atina— where it receives the waters of the little Mollarino— Casalattico and Casalvieri. Below Casalvieri it passes for 15 km through a deep gorge in the foothills of Monte Cairo at the end of which it reaches the Liri, near Roccasecca.
The Melfa is noted by Strabo as a "large river" flowing near the city of Aquinum/Aquino. The origin of the name is obscure, perhaps to be associated with the goddess Mefitis, worshipped in a sanctuary uncovered in 1958 at the place called Capodaqua, right below the source. Other toponyms from the same root include the locality Melfi a Pontecorvo, also near the Liri, seat of an ancient cult of John the Baptist; the city of Melfi and Molfetta, anciently Melficta; Melpum in the central Paduan plain, perhaps also Amalfi; in Lucania the hydronym Melpes is found.
Notes
Rivers of Italy
Rivers of the Province of Frosinone
Moses ben Isaac ha-Levi Hurwitz (; died 25 October 1820) was a rabbi from Krozh, Kovno Governorate.
He was on intimate terms with the Vilna Gaon, and was the teacher of his sons. He became maggid of Vilna, and occupied that position for many years, until he lost his voice. He was succeeded by Rabbi Ezekiel Feivel of Dretchin (about 1811). His son Ḥayyim was the father of Lazar Lipman Hurwitz. The work entitled Mo'ade ha-shem (Vilna, 1802), on the Jewish calendar, is often credited to Hurwitz.
References
1820 deaths
19th-century Lithuanian Jews
Maggidim
People from Vilna Governorate
People from Rossiyensky Uyezd
Rabbis of the Russian Empire
Rabbis from Vilnius
Znaeš Kolku Vredam is the third studio album by Macedonian pop musician, Karolina Gočeva. The album was released in Macedonia and in Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia & Herzegovina under the Serbo-Croatian title Kad Zvezde Nam Se Sklope... Kao Nekada.
Track listings
"Hipokrit"
"Ljubov Pod Oblacite"
"Od Nebo Do Dno"
"Ne Se Plašam"
"Znaeš Kolku Vredam"
"Sirena"
"Noќ"
"Štom Sakaš"
"Ljubovta E Moja Religija"
"Srešćemo Se Opet" Cover Vlado Janevski Nekogas i negde
Awards
Golden Lady Bug
Female Singer Of The Year
Album Of The Year
Song Of The Year
Concert Of The Year
Music Video Of The Year
12 Veličenstveni
Choice Of The Audience
Female Singer Of The Year
Album Of The Year
Music Video Of The Year
Tin-Šema
Female Singer Of The Year
Music Video Of The Year
Song Of The Year
Chart positions
2003 albums
Karolina Gočeva albums
A bronze bust of Martin Luther King Jr. was made by African-American artist Charles Alston in 1970, two years after King was assassinated. Alston received a commission from the Reverend Donald S. Harrington, of the Community Church of New York, to create a bust of King for $5,000. Five bronze busts were cast in 1970, each approximately high.
One cast was acquired in 1974 for the collection of the Smithsonian Institution's National Portrait Gallery in Washington DC, but has been on long-term loan to the White House since 2000, under the administration of Bill Clinton. It was displayed in the White House Library, and was reputedly the first image of an African American on public display in the White House. The bust was moved to the Oval Office in 2009 by Barack Obama, where it was displayed along with a bust of Abraham Lincoln. It replaced a bust of Winston Churchill by Jacob Epstein that had been a loan to George W. Bush from the British Government Art Collection. In January 2017, Donald Trump placed another Epstein Churchill bust belonging to the White House in the Oval Office but also retained the bust of King. Alston's sculpture of Martin Luther King Jr. remained in a prominent position at the Oval Office when Joe Biden began his presidency in January 2021. It is currently displayed near a bust of Robert F. Kennedy, with both sculptures flanking the fireplace in the office.
A second cast of Alston's bust of King was donated to the National Museum of African American History and Culture in January 2016.
See also
Civil rights movement in popular culture
Art in the White House
Martin Luther King Jr. (Wilson sculpture), another bust of King, displayed in the United States Capitol rotunda
Bust of Martin Luther King, Jr. (Jersey City)
References
Martin Luther King, Jr., Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery
Obama Adds MLK Bust to Oval Office, NBC Washington, 14 July 2009
Smithsonian acquires Martin Luther King portrait bust for African American history museum, The Art Newspaper, 18 January 2016
A Rare and Important Sculpture of Martin Luther King Comes to the Smithsonian, smithsonian.com, 15 January 2016
1970 sculptures
Art in the White House
Bronze sculptures
Busts in Washington, D.C.
Memorials to Martin Luther King Jr.
Sculptures of Martin Luther King Jr.
Sculptures of men in Washington, D.C.
Sumner County (standard abbreviation: SU) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the population was 22,382. Its county seat is Wellington.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau. In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles.
In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre. In 1848, after the Mexican–American War, the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo with Spain brought into the United States all or part of land for ten future states, including southwest Kansas. In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state.
19th century
On February 26, 1867, Sumner County was created from parts of Marion County and Butler County. It was named in honor of Charles Sumner, a U.S. Senator from Massachusetts (1811–74), who was a strong advocate of Kansas becoming a free state.
In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a branch line north–south from Herington to Caldwell. This branch line connected Herington, Lost Springs, Lincolnville, Antelope, Marion, Aulne, Peabody, Elbing, Whitewater, Furley, Kechi, Wichita, Peck, Corbin, Wellington, Caldwell. By 1893, this branch line was incrementally built to Fort Worth, Texas. This line is called the "OKT". The Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway was foreclosed in 1891 and was taken over by Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway, which shut down in 1980 and reorganized as Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas Railroad, merged in 1988 with Missouri Pacific Railroad, and finally merged in 1997 with Union Pacific Railroad. Most locals still refer to this railroad as the "Rock Island".
21st century
In December 2011, the Kansas Star Casino opened approximately west of the center of Mulvane, adjacent to an exit on the Kansas Turnpike that was added in the mid 1980s. The casino is located a couple blocks west of the turnpike exit.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Sedgwick County (north)
Butler County (northeast)
Cowley County (east)
Kay County, Oklahoma (southeast)
Grant County, Oklahoma (southwest)
Harper County (west)
Kingman County (northwest)
Demographics
Sumner County is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.
As of the census of 2000, there were 25,946 people, 9,888 households, and 7,089 families residing in the county. The population density was 22 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 10,877 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.62% White, 0.71% Black or African American, 1.05% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 1.29% from other races, and 2.06% from two or more races. 3.58% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 9,888 households, out of which 34.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.90% were married couples living together, 8.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.30% were non-families. 25.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.10.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.50% under the age of 18, 7.50% from 18 to 24, 26.20% from 25 to 44, 22.40% from 45 to 64, and 15.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,415, and the median income for a family was $46,739. Males had a median income of $36,616 versus $23,020 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,305. About 7.20% of families and 9.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.20% of those under age 18 and 6.80% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Sumner County, like many neighboring counties, often votes for the Republican Party in presidential elections. However, in 1992 independent candidate Ross Perot came within two percent of winning the county against George H. W. Bush. The last time the county voted for a Democratic candidate was Jimmy Carter in 1976.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, Sumner County remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1992, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Mulvane USD 263
Wellington USD 353
Conway Springs USD 356
Belle Plaine USD 357
Oxford USD 358
Argonia USD 359
Caldwell USD 360
South Haven USD 509
Communities
Cities
Argonia
Belle Plaine
Caldwell
Conway Springs
Geuda Springs (partly in Cowley County)
Hunnewell
Mayfield
Milan
Mulvane (partly in Sedgwick County)
Oxford
South Haven
Wellington
Unincorporated communities
Anson
Adamsville
Ashton
Cicero
Corbin
Dalton
Drury
Milton (census-designated place)
Peck (partly in Sedgwick County)
Perth
Portland
Riverdale
Rome
Suppesville
Zyba
Ghost towns
Bushnell
Cleardale
Doster
Ewell
Metcalf
Roland
Sumner City
Townships
Sumner County is divided into thirty townships. The cities of Caldwell and Wellington are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sumner County, Kansas
Chisholm Trail
References
Notes
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Sumner County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 100 pages; 1918.
Standard Atlas of Sumner County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 68 pages; 1902.
Edwards' Historical Atlas of Sumner County, Kansas; John P. Edwards; 59 pages; 1883.
External links
County
Sumner County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
Sumner County Historical and Genealogical Society
Sumner County Historical and Genealogical Research Center
Maps
Sumner County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1870 establishments in Kansas
Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area
Populated places established in 1870
Clydesdale North is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council. It elects three councillors. Its territory in historic Clydesdale covers the small market town of Lanark plus Kirkfieldbank, and a rural hinterland mostly to its north-east extending to the council border with West Lothian, which includes the village of Forth – these boundaries were unaffected by a 2017 national review. In 2019, the ward had a population of 14,777.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
2017 Election
2017 South Lanarkshire Council election
2012 Election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
2007 Election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
Clydesdale
Lanark
The practice of releasing video game soundtracks on vinyl records began in the 1980s, fell out of favor in the 1990s and 2000s as vinyl records were replaced by other storage media, and experienced a resurgence of interest in the 2010s due in part to a vinyl revival.
History
Vinyl recordings of video game music find their origins in the 1970s with early experiments by Kraftwerk and albums such as Yellow Magic Orchestra's self-titled 1978 release sampling electronic music from the games Circus, Space Invaders, and Gun Fight. In 1984, Haruomi Hosono released the first generally recognized video game soundtrack album, Video Game Music, and the practice experienced its "golden age" in the mid-to-late 1980s with hundreds of releases including Buckner & Garcia's Pac-Man Fever, Namco's Video Game Graffiti, and Koichi Sugiyama's orchestral covers of the Dragon Quest series. The 1990s saw many fewer commercial releases and a shift to promo releases with increasing use of video game samples in rap and hip hop.
The trend away from vinyl discs continued in the 2000s as fan-made remixes also began to be produced, however by the 2010s the trend reversed and the practice of producing video game soundtracks on vinyl experienced a revival. The vinyl revival of the 2010s has itself been attributed to inspiration in younger music buyers from video games, and it has led to the establishment of video game soundtrack oriented vinyl record labels like Black Screen Records, Data Discs, Brave Wave, and iam8bit, and shifts toward similar releases for labels like Ghost Ramp, Ship To Shore Phonograph Co., and Mondo Tees. In a 2015 article, music journalist Mike Diver suggested that "this scene within a scene is experiencing boom times", however he noted that some in the music industry, including Invada manager Redg Weeks, were concerned by the risk of over-saturation of the market. These concerns were later repeated by Jamie Crook of Data Discs, and although he has joined Mondo's Mo Shafeek in arguing that the vinyl medium itself and the related revival is in no way a fad or bubble, in 2017 Kotaku reported concerns from dedicated video game soundtrack labels that pressing plants were scheduling their manufacturing runs last in order to favor traditional labels.
The 2000s-2010s revival of interest in this medium has been characterized by releases in limited numbers and promotional albums only available at special events or as pre-order bonuses. In addition, the practice has been adopted by the cult and Indie game scenes, with its proponents citing audio quality, interactivity, artwork, nostalgia, unique content, and the fact that vinyl albums represent tangible aspects of intangible (digitally distributed) products as key elements to what makes vinyl soundtrack albums attractive. Additional considerations for collectors include archival and preservation aspects for older games, examination and recontextualization of the music as a means to expand or further explore the game, and curiosity among audiophiles unfamiliar with video gaming music as a genre. Due to the limited nature of modern releases, many albums are considered highly collectible, with some regularly selling in excess of $100 USD. For Western collectors, additional difficulty is imposed by the cost of importing albums from Japan where the majority were produced during the "golden age" of the 1980s.
Soundtrack albums
1990s–2010
2011–14
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Soundtrack compilations
Soundtrack singles
Vinyl data
The use of grooved vinyl discs as a sequenced/encoded rather than recorded data storage medium enabled the code of full motion videos (FMVs) and even simple video games to be stored in an analog format along with the soundtrack and sound effects. These vinyl data discs took two forms: the FMV-only Capacitance Electronic Disc (CED), and the program sheet. Uncommon even in the early 1980s when the practice was at its height, program sheet game data required that users record from the disc (typically a flexi disc like the Interface Age "Floppy ROM") onto an audio cassette tape which could then be used via the cassette port with microcomputers such as the BBC Micro, Commodore 64, Commodore PET, Commodore VIC-20, Dragon 32/64, ZX81, or ZX Spectrum. The use of CEDs to store video game FMV data was even less common, and required the game console (typically an arcade machine) to select a section of the grooved track to read with its stylus at just the right time for the video to be displayed. The numerous limitations of these techniques (background noise, scratches, and other audio-fidelity problems) contributed to their failure to receive widespread acceptance and video game data stored in this manner remains some of the most difficult to archive and preserve.
See also
List of video game soundtracks on music streaming platforms
References
External links
Blip Blop directory of vinyl video game soundtracks
Music-related lists
Video game soundtracks
The 2016–17 ISU Season's World Ranking is based on the results of the 2016–17 season only.
Season's World Ranking
The remainder of this section is a complete list, by discipline, published by the ISU.
Men's singles (135 skaters)
Ladies' singles (153 skaters)
Pairs (84 couples)
Ice dance (108 couples)
See also
ISU World Standings and Season's World Ranking
List of the highest ranked figure skaters by nation
List of ISU World Standings and Season's World Ranking statistics
2016–17 figure skating season
2016–17 synchronized skating season
References
External links
International Skating Union
ISU World standings for Single & Pair Skating and Ice Dance / ISU Season's World Ranking
ISU World standings for Synchronized Skating
2016–17
Standings and Ranking
Standings and Ranking
Polyortha naevifera is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Venezuela.
References
Moths described in 1984
Polyortha
Moths of South America
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Nakhonratchasima may refer to:
Nakhon Ratchasima, a city in Thailand
Nakhon Ratchasima Province, a province of Thailand
Nakhon Ratchasima (men's volleyball), a volleyball men's club in Thailand
Nakhon Ratchasima (women's volleyball), a volleyball women's club in Thailand
Loughermore () is a mountain in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. It is the 847th highest mountain in Ireland and lies in a large uplands area known as the Loughermore Hills, which is bounded to the west and south by the Rivers Faughan and Foreglen and to the east, by the River Roe.
There is also Loughermore forest.
It is called Fairview by most of the local community.
References
Mountains and hills of County Londonderry
Marilyns of Northern Ireland
Björn Lans is a Swedish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion.
Ski orienteering
He competed at the 1996 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Lillehammer, where he received a gold medal in the short distance, and also a gold medal in the relay event, together with Per-Ove Bergqvist, Mikael Lindmark and Bertil Nordqvist.
At the World Cup in Ski Orienteering in 1999 Lans finished overall second, behind winner Raino Pesu.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Swedish orienteers
Male orienteers
Ski-orienteers
Kirill Leonovich Safonov (; born 21 June 1973, in the village Ermakovskoe, Krasnoyarsk Krai, RSFSR, USSR) is a Russian film and theater actor.
Biography
Kirill Safonov was born on 21 June 1973 in the East Siberian village Ermakovskoe, Krasnoyarsk region. Mother — Galina Semenovna, a teacher of Russian language and literature, currently resides in Ashkelon (Israel). Kirill has two older sisters.
Safonov spent his childhood years in the Krasnoyarsk region. He went to school in Lviv, Ukraine, where his family moved. Thanks to his mother, who worked as a Director of the Lviv House of Pioneers, he attended various workshops and read poetry at concerts. When he was 12 years old, his parents divorced. To help his mother, who had to raise three children on her own, Kirill worked in construction brigades while being in high school.
Kirill wanted to become an actor since childhood. One of his first roles was the role of the mayor in the school play. After high school, he applied to the faculty of directing in the Cultural Institute of the city of Rivne. Successfully passing the creative rounds, he flunked out on the Ukrainian language test. After the failure with the theatrical institution, Kirill got a job as a seller of paintings in an art exhibition, and painted paintings for sale.
In the early 1990s, Kirill Safonov married to Elena and moved back to Krasnoyarsk, where his family moved back earlier.
In 1993, he enrolled in the theater faculty of the Krasnoyarsk Institute of Arts. After completing the first course, Kirill successfully passed the audition and was transferred to the second course of GITIS (Russian Academy of Theatre Arts), workshop of Andrey Goncharov. In 1997, the young actor was expelled from the fourth year of the Institute.
As a student of GITIS, Kiriill participated in performances of the Theatre of Mayakovsky, which was led by Goncharov. He played the main roles in Children of Vanyushin and The Waltz of the Dogs.
After a falling-out with Goncharov, Safonov moved to the Theater of Stanislavsky, where he participated in productions directed by Vladimir Mirzoev, The Taming of the Shrew and Twelfth Night. In parallel with his work in the theater, the artist was forced to work as a cab driver in order to support his family.
In 1999, following a recommendation by the actor Leonid Kanevsky, the actor was invited to Gesher theater in Israel. He left Russia with his wife Elena and their daughter Anastasia(who was born in 1995), where his mother and sisters, with their families, already lived. Having mastered Hebrew in two months, Kirill played roles in the plays Sea based on Carlo Goldoni's Brawling in Chioggia, The Devil in Moscow based on Mikhail Bulgakov's The Master and Margarita and Mademoiselle Julie by Swedish playwright August Strindberg.
In 2001, Kirill Safonov divorced his wife Elena. Maintaining friendly relations.
A turning point in his career came in 2006. As an already well-known Israeli artist, Safonov came to the Moscow film festival, in a competitive program which included the film Half-Russian Story in which he played one of the leading roles.
During his life in Israel, Kirill starred in films like Dust (2000), This Evening: The Survivor (2002), The Bird Doesn't Mind (2003), Under the Sign of "Venus" (2004), Half-Russian Story (2006), and others.
Kirill Safonov: I didn't leave Russia permanently, but I wanted to return as a winner, not as a looser. Representing the Israeli film Half-Russian Story, being an Israeli actor, meant victory to me. I decided for myself: wherever I'll be offered a good job, there I will stay.
After some time, the actor was invited to play the leading role in the TV series Tatiana's Day, after the release of which in 2007, Safonov became incredibly popular in Russia. According to results of the annual 7D rating for 2007, he became the winner of Opening of the Year nomination, for his role as Sergei in Tatiana's Day.
In 2008, Safonov, in duet with Anna Snatkina, recorded the song Two Loves, which was included in the soundtrack of the TV series Tatyana's Day.
The actor has played in theatrical enterprise plays The Postman Always Rings Twice and The Glass Menagerie / Blue Rose.
On 17 April 2010, Kirill Safonov married singer Sasha Savelyeva, after they met in 2009 at a nightclub. The wedding ceremony was held in the Tsaritsyno estate
The actor also wrote poetry, enjoys singing (recorded a solo album Dreams of Gulliver), painting (his works sold at art exhibitions), photography, and outdoor activities
In addition to Russian citizenship, Kirill Safonov has Israeli citizenship. Currently, the actor lives in Moscow. In recent years, he is in high demand as a theater actor.
On 26 June 2016, Kirill Safonov presented his debut film The Fourth, in the competition of short films at the Moscow International Film Festival.
Later this year, at the Golden Phoenix Film Festival for his short film The Fourth, Kirill Safonov received the Ruby Phoenix Debut Prize named after Yuri Gagarin.
Personal life
His first wife — Elena. The marriage lasted from 1991 to 2001. After the divorce, the former spouses have kept friendly relations.
Daughter — Anastasia (born 1995), lives with her mother in Israel.
Second wife — Alexandra Savelieva, Russian singer, soloist of the pop group Fabrika. Since 2010. 27 March 2019 the couple had a son.
Selected filmography
2000 Dust as episode
2002 This Evening: The Survivor as Andzhej Rubinshtejn
2003 The Bird Doesn't Mind as episode
2006 Half-Russian Story as Roman
2006 Bad Girls | Yeladot Ra'ot as episode
2007 Apocalypse Code as FSB operative
2007 Vera's Crisis as Anton
2007 Thank You For Your Love as Lyonya
2007-2008 Tatiana's Day as Sergei Nikiforov
2008 My Autumn Blues as Maksim
2009 Backwater District as Dmitry Zorin
2011 How I Met Your Mother as Vlad, Alina's rich lover
2011 Bablo as Grigory, businessman
2012 Brief Guide To A Happy Life (TV) as Pyotr Alekseevich Shirokov
2013 Terms of Contract-2 as Oleg Arhipov
2013 Bad Blood as Fyodor Alekseevich Kostomarov
2014 Good Hands as Sergej Vladimirovich Ruzhnikov
2014 Smile of a Mockingbird as Kirill Valentinovich Kruchinin
2015 The New Wife as Gosha
2016 Penal as Captain Ignat Belov
References
External links
Официальный сайт Кирилла Сафонова // safonov.tv
1973 births
Living people
People from Yermakovsky District
Russian Jews
Russian emigrants to Israel
Russian male film actors
Russian male stage actors
Russian male television actors
21st-century Russian male actors
Israeli male stage actors
Israeli male film actors
Israeli male television actors
21st-century Israeli male actors
Russian Academy of Theatre Arts alumni
This is the discography of Coolio, an American rapper.
Albums
Studio albums
Collaboration albums
Compilation albums
Singles
As lead artist
Guest appearances
Soundtrack appearances/compilation exclusives
Music videos
Notes
A "County Line" did not enter the Billboard Hot 100, but peaked at number 9 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart, which acts as a 25-song extension to the Hot 100.
B "I Remember" did not enter the Billboard Hot 100, but peaked at number 7 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart, which acts as a 25-song extension to the Hot 100.
C "Mama I'm in Love Wit' a Gangsta" did not enter the Billboard Hot 100, but peaked at number 19 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart, which acts as a 25-song extension to the Hot 100.
References
Hip hop discographies
Discographies of American artists
Davey Pat Arthur (born 24 September 1954 in County Donegal) is an Irish folk singer. Originally from Donegal, Arthur moved to Scotland at the age of two. He started to play music at the age of eight, and returned to Ireland aged 18. Known for playing the banjo, mandolin and guitar, he was originally a solo artist before joining with the Furey Brothers in 1978. Touring and performing as The Fureys and Davey Arthur, the group had several number one singles in Ireland in the 1970s and 1980s, and a top 20 hit in the UK singles chart in 1981. Arthur left the Fureys in 1992, pursuing a solo career and undertook a number of solo tours. He later rejoined some of the original lineup of the Fureys and Davey Arthur for a number of tours and albums. Living in County Kerry for some years, as of early 2019 Arthur had not returned to touring with the Fureys (having reputedly suffered a stroke in 2014).
Discography
Davey Arthur has written over 40 compositions, that have featured on 28 albums.
Solo albums
Celtic Side Saddle (1994)
Cut to the Chase (1998)
The Buskers (with Paul Furey and Brendan Leeson)
Life Of A Man Rubber Records RUB 007 (1973)
The Fureys & Davey Arthur (Studio Albums)
Emigrant (1977)
Morning on a Distant Shore (1977)
Banshee (1978)
When You Were Sweet 16 (1981)
Steal Away (1983)
Golden Days (1984)
In Concert (1984)
At the End of the Day (1985)
The First Leaves of Autumn (1986)
Red Rose Café (EP) (1987)
Poor Man's Dream (EP) (1988)
The Scattering (1988)
Alcoholidays (1998)
Gallipoli (2007)
References
Irish folk singers
Musicians from County Donegal
Living people
1954 births
Bahundanda is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2114 people living in 433 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Utricularia cochleata is a small, bryophyllous, lithophytic carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia. It is endemic to Brazil and is only known from the type location in Goiás. It grows as a terrestrial lithophyte on mossy rocks within range of the spray of a waterfall. The species epithet cochleata refers to the shell-like shape of the recurved corolla. U. cochleata was first collected in 2004 and formally described by Claudia Petean Bove in 2008.
See also
List of Utricularia species
References
Carnivorous plants of South America
Flora of Brazil
Plants described in 2008
cochleata
Golfito is a canton in the Puntarenas province of Costa Rica. The head city is in Golfito district.
History
Golfito was created on 10 June 1949 by decree 532.
Geography
Golfito has an area of km² and a mean elevation of metres.
The canton encompasses the southernmost Pacific coast of Costa Rica, north from Punta Gorda Hill at the Panama border. It includes non-contiguous land on both sides of the Golfo Dulce and the entire southern portion of the Osa Peninsula.
Districts
The canton of Golfito is subdivided into the following districts:
Golfito
Guaycará
Pavón
Puerto Jiménez was the second district of the canton, which was segregated to become Puerto Jiménez canton on 8 April 2022.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Golfito had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The canton is covered by the following road routes:
References
Cantons of Puntarenas Province
Populated places in Puntarenas Province
John Yancey (born January 18, 1970) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
Biography
As a junior Yancey partnered with Jonathan Stark to win the boys' doubles title at the 1988 US Open.
Recruited from Grosse Pointe, Yancey played collegiate tennis at the Kentucky Wildcats. He also had an opportunity to play basketball for the Wildcats but decided to dedicate all of his efforts to tennis.
In the early 1990s he played on the professional tour as a doubles specialist. Across 1993 and 1994 he appeared in the main draw of eight ATP Tour tournaments. His best result was a quarter-final appearance partnering Rich Benson at the San Marino Open in the 1993 season and the following year he reached his highest ranking of 142 in the world for doubles.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Tennis people from Michigan
People from Grosse Pointe Woods, Michigan
Sportspeople from Detroit
Kentucky Wildcats men's tennis players
US Open (tennis) junior champions
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in boys' doubles
The 137th Infantry Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army that saw active service during the Second World War.
History
The brigade was raised in the summer of 1939 when the Territorial Army was doubled in size in order to meet the threat of Nazi Germany. The brigade was formed as a 2nd Line duplicate of the 147th Infantry Brigade and was assigned to the 46th (West Riding and North Midland) Infantry Division. With the division, the brigade was sent overseas to join the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) in France in April 1940 for training and labour duties. In May, the brigade fought against the German Army in the Battle of France until being evacuated at Dunkirk with the rest of the BEF. After spending the next two years in the United Kingdom on home defence against a German invasion, in July 1942 it was decided to convert the 137th Brigade into an armoured formation. The brigades' infantry battalions were subsequently transferred to the Royal Armoured Corps and the brigade was redesignated 137th Armoured Brigade.
Order of battle
2/5th Battalion, West Yorkshire Regiment (became 113th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps)
2/6th Battalion, Duke of Wellington's Regiment (became 114th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps)
2/7th Battalion, Duke of Wellington's Regiment (became 115th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps)
137th Infantry Brigade Anti-Tank Company (formed 12 July 1940, disbanded 28 November 1941)
References
Infantry brigades of the British Army in World War II
The Korean Wedding Chest is a 2009 documentary film about Korean wedding traditions directed by Ulrike Ottinger. The German language film was described as "capturing the collision of ancient tradition and modern culture on the subject of love and marriage in Korea in a film that echoes the beauty, precision and care of the rituals she examines" by the Los Angeles Times.
The Washington Post's website refers to the surrealist style of the film as being well suited to "the regal pacing of the ritual" and calls the film one of Ottinger's most praised works.
See also
Pyebaek
Marriage in South Korea
References
External links
Ulrike Ottinger's website
British Wedding Traditions
Seychelles Wedding - Tropical Marriage
The Korean Wedding Chest at Women Make Movies
Films directed by Ulrike Ottinger
German documentary films
Korean culture
Weddings by culture
2000s German-language films
2000s Korean-language films
South Korean documentary films
2009 films
2009 documentary films
Documentary films about South Korea
2009 multilingual films
German multilingual films
South Korean multilingual films
2000s German films
2000s South Korean films
Myracrodruon is a genus of plants in the family Anacardiaceae. Species are native to South America (Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil and Paraguay).
Taxonomy
The genus name first appeared in 1862 in a publication by Francisco Freire Allemão and Manoel Allemão. , the International Plant Names Index attributes authorship of the genus to both individuals, whereas other sources use only the first.
Myracrodruon may also treat as a synonym of Astronium.
Species
, Plants of the World Online accepted two species:
Myracrodruon balansae (Engl.) Santin
Myracrodruon urundeuva Allemão
References
Anacardiaceae
Anacardiaceae genera
Ladik or Lâdik may refer to one of several cities and towns in Turkey:
Ladik, Samsun Province, the ancient Laodicea Pontica
Denizli Ladik, usually called just Denizli, near Laodicea on the Lycus
Beylik of Ladik: 14th century Anatolian beylik, also called İnançoğlu, founded in Denizli and surroundings, in Turkey's Aegean Region
The Adventures of Pinocchio is an 1883 novel by Carlo Collodi.
The Adventures of Pinocchio may also refer to:
Film and TV
The Adventures of Pinocchio (unfinished film), an Italian animated feature film intended for release in 1936
The Adventures of Pinocchio (1972 miniseries), an Italian miniseries
The Adventures of Pinocchio (1972 film), an animated adaptation from Cartoons Cinematografica Italiana
Pinocchio: The Series or Saban's Adventures of Pinocchio, a 1972 Japanese TV series
Piccolino no Bōken or The Adventures of Pinocchio, a 1976 Japanese/German TV series
The Adventures of Pinocchio (1996 film) a live-action British adaptation from Steve Barron
Music
The Adventures of Pinocchio (opera), a 2007 English-language opera by Jonathan Dove
The Adventures of Pinocchio, a 2009 stage work by Lior Navok
See also
The New Adventures of Pinocchio (disambiguation)
Pinocchio (1940 film)
Pinocchio (disambiguation)
Chuanqi is a form of Chinese opera popular in the Ming dynasty (1368–1644) and early Qing dynasty (1636–1912). It emerged in the mid-Ming dynasty from the older form of nanxi. As it spread throughout the empire, it absorbed regional music styles and topolects and eventually evolved into different local genres, among them kunqu. Of the 2000 plus titles recorded in history, over 600 chuanqi plays are extant, including The Peony Pavilion by Tang Xianzu, The Palace of Eternal Life by Hong Sheng, and The Peach Blossom Fan by Kong Shangren.
Music
Whereas its precursor nanxi predominantly used southern Chinese tunes, which were pentatonic, melismatic, slow and soft, chuanqi widely incorporated northern tunes which were heptatonic, syllabic, fast and forceful. This process had begun in the Yuan dynasty (1271–1368), which reunified northern China (the former Jin dynasty (1115–1234)) and southern China (the former Song dynasty (960–1279)), as nanxi increasingly absorbed the northern tunes of zaju, a northern Chinese opera form. After chuanqi came into being in the middle of the Ming dynasty, its popularity spread throughout the various areas of China, each with its distinct traditional musical style and topolect. Over time, four major sub-genres (or "singing styles" 唱腔) were recognized: haiyanqiang ("Haiyan style"), yuyaoqiang ("Yuyao style"), yiyangqiang ("Yiyang style"), and kunshanqiang ("Kunshan style", later known as kunqu). Haiyanqiang and yuyaoqiang did not last long; yiyangqiang evolved into a large variety of regional forms and disappeared as a genre in the process; while kunqu became the standard genre in the Qing dynasty.
Role type
Chuanqi used 12 major role types:
Sheng: male lead
Xiaosheng: young male
Dan: female lead
Laodan: old female
Xiaodan (小旦): young female
Chou: clown
Jing: comic
Zhongjing (中淨): secondary comic
Mo (末): Secondary male
Wai (外): Secondary female
Tie (貼): Secondary young female
Za (雜): Extra
Play structure
Unlike nanxi plays, chuanqi plays are divided into chu (齣), or acts, each with a subtitle. The four-line poem which appears before the prologue in nanxi is placed at the end of the first chu in chuanqi.
References
Chinese opera
Ming dynasty art
Ming dynasty literature
The pedunculopontine nucleus (PPN) or pedunculopontine tegmental nucleus (PPT or PPTg) is a collection of neurons located in the upper pons in the brainstem. It lies caudal to the substantia nigra and adjacent to the superior cerebellar peduncle. It has two divisions of subnuclei; the pars compacta containing mainly cholinergic neurons, and the pars dissipata containing mainly glutamatergic neurons and some non-cholinergic neurons. The pedunculopontine nucleus is one of the main components of the reticular activating system. It was first described in 1909 by Louis Jacobsohn-Lask, a German neuroanatomist.
Projections
Pedunculopontine nucleus neurons project axons to a wide range of areas in the brain, particularly parts of the basal ganglia such as the subthalamic nucleus, substantia nigra pars compacta, and globus pallidus internus. It also sends them to targets in the thalamus, cerebellum, basal forebrain, and lower brainstem, and in the cerebral cortex, the supplementary motor area and somatosensory and motor cortices.
It receives inputs from many areas of the brain. It both projects to and receives input from most parts of the basal ganglia, with the exception of the substantia nigra pars compacta (which it projects to but does not receive input from), and the substantia nigra pars reticulata (which it receives input from but does not project to).
Functions
The pedunculopontine nucleus is involved in many functions, including arousal, attention, learning, reward, and voluntary limb movements and locomotion. While once thought important to the initiation of movement, recent research suggests a role in providing sensory feedback to the cerebral cortex. It is also implicated in the generation and maintenance of REM sleep.
Recent research has discovered that the pedunculopontine nucleus is involved in the planning of movement, and that different networks of neurons in the pedunculopontine nucleus are switched on during real and imagined movement.
Parkinson's disease
Research is being done on whether deep brain stimulation of the pedunculopontine nucleus might be used to improve the gait and postural difficulties found in Parkinson's disease.
References
External links
Pons
Leeds East or East Leeds may refer to several things associated with the eastern part of Leeds, a city in England:
Leeds East (UK Parliament constituency)
Leeds East Airport
Leeds East Academy, a school
East Leeds A.R.L.F.C., a rugby club
East Leeds Parkway railway station, a name for a proposed railway station
East Leeds FM, a radio station
The 1934 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the seventh staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Tipperary entered the championship as the defending champions.
On 2 September 1934 Tipperary won the championship following a 4-3 to 3-5 defeat of Laois in the All-Ireland final. This was their third All-Ireland title in-a-row and their fourth overall.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
The All-Ireland semi-final between Laois and Down remains their only championship meeting.
Tipperary became the first team to win three successive All-Ireland Championship titles.
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Don Dow Gililland (commonly misspelled as Gilliland; born 31 January 1939 Dallas, Texas) is a jazz guitarist and composer who recorded three rockabilly hits in 1956 on Sun Records with "Wade & Dick — The College Kids," led by Wade Lee Moore (born 1934) and Dick Penner: "Wild Woman", "Don't Need Your Lovin"', and "Bop Bop Baby".
Gililland got a part as a guitarist in the movie Rock Baby Rock It!, which was being filmed in Dallas in 1956. During the next year, he enrolled at North Texas State University, where he performed with the school's One O'Clock Lab Band. After graduating he worked in clubs with Buster Smith. During the day, he was employed by the Oak Cliff Tribune. He became managing editor, then worked for the Dallas Area Rapid Transit.
"Bop Bop Baby" was included on the soundtrack of Walk the Line, the film biography of Johnny Cash.
Discography
As sideman
One O'Clock Lab Band, North Texas Lab Band (90th Floor, 1961) (); re-released under the title The Road to Stan (90th Floor, 2009) as a tribute to musicians associated with the Stan Kenton Orchestra ()
Don Jacoby, Swinging Big Sound: Don Jacoby and The College All Stars (Decca, 1961) ()
Wade & Dick – The College Kids, "Bop Bop Baby" b/w "Don't Need Your Lovin' Baby" (Sun, 1957); "Bop Bop Baby" (alternate version) b/w/ "Don't Need Your Lovin' Baby" (1956)
Dick Penner, "Cindy Lou" (Sun, 1957)
Sag, Drag and Fall (1955), score composed by Ken Massey and Don Gililland ()
Filmography
Rock Baby Rock It! (1957)
This World Won't Break (2019)
References
1939 births
Living people
People from Dallas
American jazz guitarists
American rockabilly guitarists
American male guitarists
Songwriters from Texas
Guitarists from Texas
20th-century American guitarists
Country musicians from Texas
Jazz musicians from Texas
20th-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
American male songwriters
1938 renaming of East Prussian placenames () was the process of changing more than 1,500 East Prussian placenames by 16 July 1938, following a decree issued by Gauleiter and Oberpräsident Erich Koch and initiated by Adolf Hitler. This resulted in the elimination, Germanization, or simplification of a number of Old Prussian names, as well as those Polish or Lithuanian origin. Other areas of Nazi Germany were also affected.
East Prussia
Placenames in Masuria were occasionally renamed prior to 1938, and indeed even before the Nazi era. In the district of Lötzen 47 percent of all villages had already been renamed in the Weimar Republic and another 36 percent after 1933. A systematic renaming campaign was prepared after Koch issued the corresponding order on 25 August 1937. Following this order, the Prussian Ministry of Science, Education and People's Education (Ministerium für Wissenschaft, Erziehung und Volksbildung) set up an expert commission led by Mr Harmjanz (the Ministerialrat or ministerial adviser). Members included Mr Meyer (a Slavicist from Königsberg), Mr Ziesemer (a Germanist from Königsberg), Mr Falkenhayn (a lecturer, expert in Lithuanian and Old Prussian names) and Max Hein (the director of the Königsberg state archives and expert in names of the Teutonic Order state). Affected were names of villages, water bodies, forests and cadastral districts. In some counties up to 70% of the placenames had been changed by 16 July 1938.
After World War II the local populace fled or was expelled. The modern Polish names were determined by the Commission for the Determination of Place Names. The names invented in 1938 remain in official use in Germany.
Silesia and other regions
A similar Germanization of place names was carried out in other regions of Nazi Germany, especially in Silesia. There, 1088 place names in the Oppeln (Opole) region were changed in 1936, also 359 in the Breslau (Wroclaw) area and 178 in the Liegnitz (Legnica) area between 1937 and 1938. In the portion of Upper Silesia which after World War I had become part of the Second Polish Republic, most places had two locally used names, a German one and a Polish one, and after 1922, Polish authorities made the Polish variants the "official" names.
World War II
During World War II, renaming occurred primarily in occupied/annexed territories, because the Nazi government felt that "foreign language names for places constitute a national threat and may lead to mistaken world opinion in regard to their nationality". Areas affected included Polish areas annexed by Nazi Germany, e.g. Upper Silesia and the area near Poznań. and Alsace, as well as Czechoslovakia .
Notes
References
Renaming Of East Prussian Placenames, 1938
East Prussia
East Prussia
Politics of Nazi Germany
Germanization
Joseph Légaré (March 10, 1795 – June 21, 1855) was a painter and glazier, artist, seigneur and political figure in Lower Canada.
Early life
The eldest son in a family of six children, Joseph Légaré was born in Quebec City, the son of a cobbler also called Joseph and Louise Routier, and was educated at the Petit Séminaire de Québec. The financial success of his father as a businessman was augmented by extra loans he made and properties rented out. The family became relatively wealthy as a result. The young Joseph spent three years of study at the Seminaire de Quebec but he discontinued his studies in July 1811. On 19 May 1812 he was apprenticed as a painter and glazier with Moses Pierce.
Joseph Légaré died at 60
Middle period
On 21 April 1818 Légaré married Geneviève Damien. He owned part of the fief of Saint-François from 1827 to 1841. A self-taught artist, he began painting reproductions of European religious works and later produced his own paintings, receiving a medal from the Société pour l'Encouragement des Sciences et des Arts en Canada in 1828. He was the first landscape artist of French-Canadian origin. In 1833, Légaré opened his own gallery in Quebec City, the first art gallery in Canada; it closed two years later. In 1838, he opened another gallery in partnership with lawyer Thomas Amiot. Légaré served as a member of the municipal council for the city and the board of health; he also served as a justice of the peace. In 1842 he helped found the Saint-Jean-Baptiste Society at Quebec and gathered signatures for a petition in support of the Ninety-Two Resolutions. Légaré was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the legislative assembly in 1848 and 1850.
The Connoisseur
On the municipal and provincial levels, Légaré's political engagement did not preclude an active role within the cultural life of his time. His activities both as collector and propagandist for art qualify him not merely as a pioneer but as one of the "very first connoisseurs". The "Desjardins Collection" had an enormous influence on his career and he purchased thirty of the works using a loan provided by his father in July 1819. These thirty works formed the nucleus of his collection. The majority of his later acquisitions came through Johan Christopher Reiffenstein and G.D. Balzaretti, two Quebec merchants.
Historical paintings
Légaré painted a number of works depicting the "customs of North American Indians". However, some of his more memorable works include: First Monastery of the Ursulines at Quebec, Memorials of the Jesuits of New France, The Martyrdom of Brothers Brebeuf and Lalement and The Battle of Sainte-Foy.
Later years
The overall achievement of Légaré contrasts with that of his prolific contemporaries Roy-Audy, Antoine Plamondon and Theophile Hamel. Légaré's relative financial freedom allowed him to paint as he pleased without having to worry about saleability. He sold several works to parish churches and religious orders but did not always find a ready market for his works. Many of his landscapes "were all but rejected by his fellow countrymen, as other of his works were, because of his political opinions". Many of his supporters were "as newspapers of the day often emphasized, foreigners". He was named to the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada in February 1855 and died in office in Quebec City at the age of 60.
The 1980 film A Québécois Rediscovered: Joseph Légaré 1795-1855 was made about his life.
Footnotes
References
Entry from the Canadian Encyclopedia
External links
Artist's gallery at the National Gallery of Canada
The Burning of the Parliament Building in Montreal, painting, oil on wood, about 1849, at the McCord Museum
1795 births
1855 deaths
Members of the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada
Artists from Quebec
Bhṛṅgadūtam () (2004), literally The bumblebee messenger, is a Sanskrit minor poem (Khaṇḍakāvya) of the Dūtakāvya (messenger-poem) genre composed by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya (1950–). The poem consists of 501 verses in the Mandākrāntā metre divided in two parts. Set in the context of the Kiṣkindhākāṇḍa of Rāmāyaṇa, the poem describes the message sent via a bumblebee by Rāma, spending the four months of the rainy season on the Pravarṣaṇa mountain in Kiṣkindhā, to Sītā, held captive by Rāvaṇa in Laṅkā.
A copy of the poem, with the Guñjana Hindi commentary by the poet himself, was published by the Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University, Chitrakuta, Uttar Pradesh. The book was released on 30 August 2004.
Narrative
Like Meghadūtam of Kālidāsa, Bhṛṅgadūtam is divided in two parts. The first part is titled Pūrvabhṛṅgaḥ (literally, the earlier journey of the bumblebee) and consists of 251 verses. The second path is titled Uttarabhṛṅgaḥ (meaning the later journey of the bumblebee) and is composed of 250 verses. The actual message from Rāma is contained in 174 verses (2.71–2.245) of the Uttarabhṛṅgaḥ.
Part I: Pūrvabhṛṅgaḥ
One day while residing on the Pravarṣaṇa mountain with Lakṣmaṇa, Rāma comes to a lake to perform the morning Sandhyā. After the ritual, Rāma chooses a bumblebee (Bhṛṅga), a manifestation of his mind, as his messenger (Dūta) to Sītā. Rāma asks the bumblebee to have a pilgrimage of the pure land of Bhārata, before embarking on his journey to Laṅkā, saying the pilgrimage of this holy land absolves one of all sins. He asks the bumblebee to first visit Mithilā, to take some dust for Sītā from her birthplace. After seeing all the vividly described people and places of Mithilā related to the events in the Bālakāṇḍa of Rāmāyaṇa, the bumblebee is instructed to see all the rivers, hermitages and forests en route to Ayodhyā, which are described in detail by the poet. In 75 verses, various places and people of Ayodhyā are described, and the bumblebee is asked to bow to each one of them. Then after seeing Bharata and Śatrughna performing penance with their wives in Nandigrāma, the bumblebee is asked to fly over the route of Rāma's journey to Citrakūṭa as described in the Ayodhyākāṇḍa – the Śṛṅgaverapura kingdom of Guha; the confluence of the rivers Gaṅgā, Yamunā and Sarasvatī at Prayāgarāja; and finally Citrakūṭa are described in detail. The Pūrvabhṛṅgaḥ ends with the bumblebee asked to depart southwards from Citrakūṭa.
Part II: Uttarabhṛṅgaḥ
In the initial part of the Uttarabhṛṅgaḥ, the places of the events starting from Araṇyakāṇḍa are described. The poet presents the narrative of Rāmāyaṇa along with the directions Rāma gives to the bumblebee for his. The hermitages of various sages, whom Sītā, Rāma and Lakṣmaṇa met, are first described, leading to the banks of the river Godāvarī. The bumblebee is then instructed to see the locations of Jaṭayū's liberation and the Āśrama of Śramaṇā (the Śabarī woman). The locations of Kiṣkindhākāṇḍa come next – the description of the Ṛṣyamūka mountain, (where Hanumān and Rāma met) and other places in Kiṣkindhā. Then the bumblebee is asked to fly further south over the kingdoms of Karṇāṭaka, Āndhra, Madra and Kerala to Laṅkā. The bumblebee is asked to recognise Sītā in Laṅkā by her emaciated and weakened, yet lustrous, appearance.
The message for Sītā, to be delivered by the bumblebee, starts at verse 71 of the Uttarabhṛṅgaḥ. The message first describes the pathos of separation. This is followed by an assurance about Rāma heroism, which will convince Sītā to hold on to her life till Hanumān arrives to Laṅkā with another message and a ring from Rāma. The message ends at verse 244 of the Uttarabhṛṅgaḥ, and the poem ends in the next six verses.
Poetic features
Play on Sanskrit grammar
The work has several verses which deal with Sanskrit etymology, wherein the composer poetically explains derivations of names of characters and places of the Ramāyaṇa. Some examples are –
Two origins of the word Ūrmilā and how they fit the character of Ūrmilā (1.120)
Devanagari
नो निर्वाति क्षणमपि सखेऽद्यापि नीराजनास्याः
सत्याब्राह्मीस्थितिरिव सतो लक्ष्मणप्राणिकायाः ।
ऊर्मीर्लान्ती दयितजलधौ राम भक्तेर्लुनन्ती
कूर्मीः क्रूराः भवभयभृतामूर्मिलेवोर्मिलैव ॥
IAST
no nirvāti kṣaṇamapi sakhe'adyāpi nīrājanāsyāḥ
satyābrāhmīsthitiriva sato lakṣmaṇaprāṇikāyāḥ ।
ūrmīrlāntī dayitajaladhau rāma bhakterlunantī
kūrmīḥ krūrāḥ bhavabhayabhṛtāmūrmilevormilaiva ॥
The derivation (Prakriyā) of the word Lakṣmaṇa, and how it is apt for the character of Lakṣmaṇa (1.121) –
Devanagari
आरार्तिक्यं तव विगणयन्हर्तुमार्तिं जनानां
सेवालक्ष्ये धृतशुचिमना लक्ष्मणोऽन्वर्थनामा ।
सम्प्रत्येश्यन्मयि च मनसो लोपयित्वानुबन्धं
संज्ञासिद्धिं स्वभजनबहुव्रीहिकारं चकार ॥
IAST
ārārtikyaṃ tava vigaṇayanhartumārtiṃ janānāṃ
sevālakṣye dhṛtaśucimanā lakṣmaṇo'anvarthanāmā ।
sampratyeśyanmayi ca manaso lopayitvānubandhaṃ
saṃjñāsiddhiṃ svabhajanabahuvrīhikāraṃ cakāra ॥
Suggestion of alternate names apt for Nandigrāma (1.153) –
Devanagari
क्रन्दिग्रामः किमु न करुणैः क्रन्दितै रामबन्धो-
र्वन्दिग्रामः किमु न चरितैर्माण्डवीजानिगीतैः ।
स्यन्दिग्रामो भरतनयनस्यन्दिभिः किं न नीरै-
र्नन्दिग्रामः प्रति विदधते चित्रमुत्प्रेक्षितानि ॥
IAST
krandigrāmaḥ kimu na karuṇaiḥ kranditai rāmabandho-
rvandigrāmaḥ kimu na caritairmāṇḍavījānigītaiḥ ।
syandigrāmo bharatanayanasyandibhiḥ kiṃ na nīrai-
rnandigrāmaḥ prati vidadhate citramutprekṣitāni ॥
The meaning and Prakriyā of the word Gaṅgā, and how the name is apt for the name of the river (1.196) –
Devanagari
त्रातुं जीवान्प्रकृतिकुटिलान्घोरसंसारसिन्धो-
र्या कौटिल्यं श्रयति गमनेऽप्यङ्गगङ्गन्ति गां च ।
डित्सामर्थ्याद्भमभिदधती प्रत्ययं नानुबन्धं
गङ्गेत्याख्यानुगुणचरिता जुष्टपार्षोदरादिः ॥
IAST
trātuṃ jīvānprakṛtikuṭilānghorasaṃsārasindho-
ryā kauṭilyaṃ śrayati gamaneऽpyaṅgagaṅganti gāṃ ca ।
ḍitsāmarthyādbhamabhidadhatī pratyayaṃ nānubandhaṃ
gaṅgetyākhyānuguṇacaritā juṣṭapārṣodarādiḥ ॥
Four origins of the word Grāma, and how they suit the village of Guha (1.202) –
Devanagari
ग्रामो रामो गत इत अतो ग्रामनामा सुधामा
ग्रामो रामप्रतिमवपुषा श्यामशस्येन ग्रामः ।
ग्रामो रामामितगुणगणो गीयतेऽस्मिंस्ततोऽयं
ग्रामो रामो रम इह मतो विग्रहैर्वेदसञ्ज्ञैः ॥
IAST
grāmo rāmo gata ita ato grāmanāmā sudhāmā
grāmo rāmapratimavapuṣā śyāmaśasyena grāmaḥ ।
grāmo rāmāmitaguṇagaṇo gīyateऽsmiṃstatoऽyaṃ
grāmo rāmo rama iha mato vigrahairvedasañjñaiḥ ॥
Three origins for the word Kāmada, and how they fit the Citrakūṭa mountain (1.247) –
Devanagari
कं ब्रह्माणं मधुमथनमं मं महेशं नियच्छ-
न्यच्छन्नृभ्यो मदमलपदाम्भोजसेवैकसेवाम् ।
द्यन्वै कामं शुभगुणहरं शात्रवं सज्जनानां
भूतार्थे नोल्लसति ललितः कामदः कामदेन ॥
IAST
kaṃ brahmāṇaṃ madhumathanamaṃ maṃ maheśaṃ niyaccha-
nyacchannṛbhyo madamalapadāmbhojasevaikasevām ।
dyanvai kāmaṃ śubhaguṇaharaṃ śātravaṃ sajjanānāṃ
bhūtārthe nollasati lalitaḥ kāmadaḥ kāmadena ॥
How the Samāsa Sītārāma is both Samānādhikaraṇa and Vyadhikaraṇa (2.234) –
Devanagari
दम्पत्योर्नौ विलसतितमां रूपतश्चात्रभेदो
भावो भामे भुवनभवनौ विद्युदब्दोपमानौ ।
सीतारामाविति समुदितौ द्वन्द्वरीत्या नृलोके
सीतारामो व्यधिकरणतस्तत्पुमान्वा समानः ॥
IAST
dampatyornau vilasatitamāṃ rūpataścātrabhedo
bhāvo bhāme bhuvanabhavanau vidyudabdopamānau ।
sītārāmāviti samuditau dvandvarītyā nṛloke
sītārāmo vyadhikaraṇatastatpumānvā samānaḥ ॥
Comparison with other Sanskrit Dūtakāvyas
Notes
References
External links
A Sanskrit only manuscript of the work
A list of errata in the published version
Sanskrit literature
Sanskrit poetry
Works by Rambhadracharya
Connecticut Ice is an annual ice hockey event celebrating the tradition and progress of youth and amateur hockey in the state of Connecticut. The 3-day event is headlined by a 4-team tournament with participation from all of the state's four Division I programs: Connecticut, Quinnipiac, Sacred Heart and Yale.
History
After years of organization, the first event was finally arranged for late January in 2020. The 3-day event will include youth tournaments from various levels of junior ice hockey and organizers were quick to dispel any correlation with the long-established Beanpot Tournament held in Boston. While organizers may be loath to accept comparisons to other tournaments they would be, no doubt, thrilled if Connecticut Ice could establish itself on the same footing as other in-season championships.
SportsNet New York agreed to broadcast all four games of the tournament.
In 2021, in what was supposed to be the second edition of the tournament, the event was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Among other problems, the virus had led Yale to cancel its entire season.
Yearly Results
References
External link
College ice hockey tournaments in the United States
Events in Connecticut
Recurring sporting events established in 2020
2020 establishments in Connecticut
Ice hockey in Connecticut
Nasrabad (, also Romanized as Naşrābād) is a village in Ashna Khvor Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 184, in 48 families.
References
Populated places in Khomeyn County
Sor Rotana (born 9 October 2002), is a Cambodian footballer currently playing as a defender for Prey Veng in the Cambodian League and the Cambodia national team
Career statistics
International
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Phnom Penh
Cambodian footballers
Cambodia international footballers
Association football defenders
Prey Veng FC players
Apostolic School of Theology (AST) was a private online Apostolic Bible college based in Elk Grove, California. In It provided undergraduate and graduate programs to members of the Apostolic Pentecostal denomination. It is now closed.
References
External links
Apostolic School of Theology Official Website
Bible colleges
Elk Grove, California
1984 establishments in California
Educational institutions established in 1984
Ferunabad Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17,065, in 4,084 families. The rural district has 7 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Pakdasht County
The 1999 German Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 93rd edition of the Hamburg Masters (German Open), and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1999 ATP Tour. It took place at the Rothenbaum Tennis Center in Hamburg, Germany, from through 3 May through 10 May 1999.
Finals
Singles
Marcelo Ríos defeated Mariano Zabaleta 6–7(5–7), 7–5, 5–7, 7–6(7–5), 6–2
It was Marcelo Ríos' 1st title of the year, and his 13th overall. It was his 1st Masters title of the year, and his 5th overall.
Doubles
Wayne Arthurs / Andrew Kratzmann defeated Paul Haarhuis / Jared Palmer 4–6, 7–6(7–5), 6–4
References
External links
ATP tournament profile
German Open
Hamburg European Open
ATP German Open
Shalimovka () is a rural locality () in Glebovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Hugo Hernández (born September 11, 1985) is a Mexican professional boxer.
Professional career
On July 24, 2010 Hernández will be fighting against undefeated Antonio Lozada jr. for the WBC FECARBOX Light Welterweight title.
References
External links
Boxers from Sinaloa
Welterweight boxers
Light-welterweight boxers
1985 births
Living people
Mexican male boxers
The impact of microcredit is a subject of much controversy. Proponents state that it reduces poverty through higher employment and higher incomes. This is expected to lead to improved nutrition and improved education of the borrowers' children. Some argue that microcredit empowers women. In the US and Canada, it is argued that microcredit helps recipients to graduate from welfare programs. Critics say that microcredit has not increased incomes, but has driven poor households into a debt trap, in some cases even leading to suicide. They add that the money from loans is often used for durable consumer goods or consumption instead of being used for productive investments, that it fails to empower women, and that it has not improved health or education.
The available evidence indicates that in many cases microcredit has facilitated the creation and the growth of businesses. It has often generated self-employment, but it has not necessarily increased incomes after interest payments. In some cases it has driven borrowers into debt traps. In addition, it can produce unintended rent-seeking entrepreneurship.
There is no evidence that microcredit has empowered women. In short, microcredit has achieved much less than what its proponents said it would achieve, but its negative impacts have not been as drastic as some critics have argued. Microcredit is just one factor influencing the success of a small business, whose success is influenced to a much larger extent by how much an economy or a particular market grows. A critical review of 58 papers covering experiences in 18 countries concluded "there is no good evidence for the beneficent impact of microfinance on the well-being of poor people" and that "the greatest impacts are reported by studies with the weakest designs".
The attempt to objectively evaluate the impact of microcredit on a global or a local scale is marred by numerous methodological challenges. There are only few rigorous evaluations of microcredit, and much of the literature on the impact of microcredit is based in anecdotal reports or case studies that are not representative. Even among the rigorous evaluations many "suffer from weak methodologies and inadequate data", according to a systematic literature review of the impact of microcredit conducted in 2011 by a group of researchers on behalf of UKAid. A 2008 review of over 100 articles on microcredit found that only 6 used enough quantitative data to be representative, and none employed rigorous methods such as randomized control trials. Rigorous impact evaluations using control and treatment groups are difficult to undertake today, because microcredit is so common in developing countries today that few locations remain where such a research setting can still be applied. Further complicating impact studies is the often highly politicized context of poverty alleviation initiatives.
Income and poverty
Among 6 representative studies selected from a sample of more than 100 studies as being methodologically most sound, five found no evidence that microcredit reduced poverty, although they found other positive impacts.
The first randomized evaluation of the impact of introducing microcredit in a new market has been undertaken by Abhijit Banerjee of the M.I.T. Poverty Action Lab in slums in Hyderabad, India, in 2008. It compared two groups of randomly selected slums. In the treatment group banks opened branches that provided microcredits, while in the control group this was not the case. The study showed that fifteen to 18 months after lending began, there was no effect on average monthly expenditure per capita, but expenditure on durable goods increased. Consumption thus shifted from consumables to durable goods. Also, the number of new businesses increased by one third, but they were not very profitable. Pulitzer prize winner Nicholas Kristof quotes another rigorous study by Abhijit Banerjee and Esther Duflo covering loans by Spandana in India. In this case, loans were also used to buy durable goods, but in addition they were used to expanding existing businesses.
Tazul Islam argues that the Grameen Bank does not reach the poorest, since the clients of the bank tend to be clustered around the poverty line of predominantly moderately poor or vulnerable non-poor. Of the poor who join Grameen bank's microcredit program, a high percentage often drop out after only a few loan cycles, while many others eventually drop out in later loan cycles as loan amounts begin to exceed their repayment capacity. Nevertheless, he concludes that microcredit in Bangladesh had a "positive impact on enterprise and household income and asset accumulation". Microloans in Canada have allowed small business owners to make their businesses their primary source of income with 67% of the borrowers showing a significant increase in their income as a result of their participation in certain micro-loan programs.
A film by the Danish journalist Tom Heinemann, The Micro Debt, alleges that microcredit in Bangladesh had little impact on poverty. The film highlighted the purported continued poverty of Sufiya Begum, the original loan recipient of Grameen, in Jobra Village. After a thorough investigation in December 2010 by the Norwegian Foreign Ministry, the alleged problems have been proven to be false. Documentary maker Gayle Ferraro found the woman alive and well, confirming the original Grameen story.
Milford Bateman, the author of Why Doesn't Microfinance Work?, argues that microcredit offers only an "illusion of poverty reduction". "As in any lottery or game of chance, a few in poverty do manage to establish microenterprises that produce a decent living," he argues, but "these isolated and often temporary positives are swamped by the largely overlooked negatives." Bateman concludes that "The international development community is now faced with the reality that, overall, microfinance has been a development policy blunder of quite historic proportions."
Professor Anu Muhammad of Jahangirnagar University in Bangladesh, a Marxist and critic of microcredit, claims that "according to different studies" which he does not name, "you cannot find more than 5-10 per cent people who could change their economic conditions through micro-credit."
German journalist Kathrin Hartmann relates tales of women who she met in 2012 while visiting Kurigram District in Bangladesh trapped in debt. She was told by rural women of brutal methods to enforce debt repayments, including the forced sale of goats, cows, house utensils and land. She also describes intense peer pressure under group lending schemes. Heavily indebted men and women even sold their kidneys to organized groups in order to be able to repay loans, as discovered by the police in summer 2011. Hartmann writes, without quoting a source, that one third of microcredits are taken in order to pay for food or health care, especially during the times of the year called Monga when food and work opportunities are scarcest. Children drop out of school to earn money and families cut down on food expenses in order to repay loans. When natural disasters strike, such as Cyclone Sidr in 2007, weekly instalments to repay loans continue, although the ability of borrowers to earn income has been destroyed by the disasters.
A study in the Philippines by Dean Karlan of Yale University and of Innovations for Poverty Action compared a treatment group, financed through microcredit, and a control group that did not receive microcredit, in Manila. In this case many microcredits were loaned to people with existing businesses. The businesses became more profitable, but laid off unproductive employees including friends and relatives that they previously had felt obliged to employ. Male-owned businesses increased profits, but female-owned businesses did not.
Debt traps, suicides and group pressure
In 2008, economist Jonathan Morduch of New York University noted there were still major gaps in research on microcredit, such as on debt traps and the use of microcredits for consumption.
There has been much criticism of the high interest rates charged to borrowers. The real average portfolio yield cited by the sample of 704 microfinance institutions that voluntarily submitted reports to the MicroBanking Bulletin in 2006 was 22.3% annually. However, annual rates charged to clients are higher, as they also include local inflation and the bad debt expenses of the microfinance institution. Interest rates charged by the Mexican Banco Compartamos on their micro-loans reached 86% per year while it sold stocks in the stock market in 2007.
In India microfinance institutions have been criticized for creating small-debt traps for the poor in Andhra Pradesh with high interest rates and coercive methods of recovery. Villagers often did not know the interest that they were being charged and were not aware of the consequences of taking multiple loans as they take the second loan to clear the first loan. In 2010 aggressive lending by microcredit institutions has been blamed for over 80 suicides in Andhra Pradesh. Bangladesh's former Finance and Planning Minister M. Saifur Rahman charged in 2005 that some microfinance institutions use excessive interest rates. A 2008 study in Bangladesh showed that some loan recipients sink into a cycle of debt, using a microloan from one organization to meet interest obligations from another. Field officers who are in a position of power locally and are remunerated based on repayment rates sometimes use coercive and even violent tactics to collect instalments on the microloans.
Some microfinance institutions lend only to groups of women. This practice puts loan recipients under pressure, because all women are liable for the loans of the other women in the group and each member can only obtain a new loan if each member has repaid the previous loan.
Muhammad Yunus argues that microfinance institutions that charge more than 15% above their long-term operating costs should face penalties.
Empowerment of women
Microcredit has been directed at women because it was believed that, compared to men, they are better clients of microfinance institutions and that women's access to microcredit has more desirable development outcomes, since women tend to spend more money on basic needs compared to men. Microcredit has also been promoted as a tool to empower women. Early studies tended to confirm this positive picture. For example, a 1996 study in Bangladesh claims that the "success" of reaching women with microcredit was "highly impressive", but also notes that loans are often given over to male relatives or husbands. Only in a minority of cases there was an increase in domestic violence for women who did not get the loan or had to wait a long time to get the loan. The study also showed that women are more likely to retain control over their loans in traditional women's work like livestock rearing that are considered "women's work". The President of Grameen Foundation USA suggested in 2005, based on a review of various studies, that "there is strong evidence that female clients are empowered". It also found that "even in cases when women take but do not use the loan themselves, they and their families benefit more than if the loan had gone directly to their husbands".
However, a 2008 study of microcredit programs in Bangladesh found that women often act merely as collection agents for their husbands and sons, such that the men spend the money themselves while women are saddled with the credit risk. The bigger the size of the loan, the more women lose control. For example, a study in Bangladesh showed that women have 100% control over loans that are smaller than 1000 Taka but only 46% of control if the loan is bigger than 4,000 Taka. A study in India showed that women may be put under pressure by their male relatives to join a credit group and indebt themselves. A study in Bangladesh showed that microcredit increases dowries, with women forced at times to take microcredit loans as the only means to pay these increased dowries for their daughters. The first randomized evaluation of the introduction of microcredit, carried out in Hyderabad in India, found no impact on women's decision-making.
One scientist argues that empowerment cannot be given to women by (mostly male) development practitioners in the form of loans, since empowerment is a self-directed process. More female employees should be hired by microfinance institutions, and male staff should be trained in gender awareness.
Based on the evidence of the two rigorous evaluations in India and in Manila, Nicolas Kristof concludes that "there is no evidence that microcredit has any effect on (...) women's empowerment."
Other impacts
Tazul Islam asserts a positive influence of microcredit on the level of education, health and nutrition.
In the US, microcredit has created jobs directly and indirectly, as 60% of borrowers were able to hire others. Business owners in Canada were able to improve their housing situation after their income improved due to business expansion facilitated by microloans, 70% indicating their housing has improved. Ultimately, many of the small business owners that use social funding are able to graduate from government funding.
According to reports every domestic microcredit loan creates 2.4 jobs. These entrepreneurs provide wages that are, on average, 25% higher than minimum wage.
A 2005 review published by the Grameen Foundation summarize scores of studies, concluding that "society-wide benefits that go beyond clients' families are apparently significant".
Based on the evidence of two rigorous evaluations in India and in Manila, Nicolas Kristof concludes that "there is no evidence that microcredit has any effect on health or education."
Unintended consequences of microfinance can include informal intermediaton: That is, some entrepreneurial borrowers become informal intermediaries between microfinance initiatives and poorer micro-entrepreneurs. Those who more easily qualify for microfinance split loans into smaller credit to even poorer borrowers. Informal intermediation ranges from casual intermediaries at the good or benign end of the spectrum to 'loan sharks' at the professional and sometimes criminal end of the spectrum.
References
Microfinance
Ronnie del Carmen (born December 31, 1959) is a Filipino animation writer, director, story artist, story supervisor and production designer. He co-directed and was one of the story writers for the 2015 Pixar film Inside Out, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. He was the story supervisor on Pixar's tenth full-length computer-animated film, Up and directed its accompanying short film, Dug's Special Mission.
Early life and education
Del Carmen was born in the city of Cavite in the Philippines. After high school, he worked as a painter on the set of Francis Ford Coppola's 1979 film Apocalypse Now, which was filming in the Philippines. He graduated from the University of Santo Tomas with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Advertising.
Career
Film
After college, Del Carmen worked as an art director for print and television advertising campaigns before moving to the United States in 1989 to pursue a career in film. He worked for Warner Bros as a storyboard artist on Batman: The Animated Series, and as a story supervisor for DreamWorks on The Prince of Egypt (1998), The Road to El Dorado (2000), Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron (2002) and Sinbad: Legend of the Seven Seas (2003). He joined Pixar Animation Studios in 2000, working as story supervisor on Finding Nemo (2003), production designer on the Academy Award-nominated short film One-Man Band (2005), storyboard artist on Ratatouille (2007) and WALL-E (2008), and story supervisor on Up (2009). He made his directorial debut with the animated short film Dug's Special Mission (2009), which accompanied Up on its DVD and Blu-ray release. He co-directed the computer-animated Inside Out with Pete Docter. The film premiered at the 68th Cannes Film Festival on May 18, 2015. In April 2021, it was revealed that Del Carmen had left Pixar and is set to write and direct an original Philippine-themed animated feature film at Netflix.
Comic books
Del Carmen has illustrated several comic books, including Batman Adventures: Holiday Special, which won an Eisner Award for Best Single Issue in 1995, and the children's book My Name Is Dug, written by Kiki Thorpe. He has also written several comic books, including the Paper Biscuit series and And There You Are.
Personal life
Del Carmen is married and has two children. His brothers, Louie and Rick, also work in animation.
Filmography
Feature films
Short films
Television
Bibliography
Fragments (Fragments Filigree Factory Production, 2003), illustrator
Paper Biscuit (Half Life, 2003), writer, illustrator
Paper Biscuit One Point Five (2003), writer, illustrator
Batman: Black and White, Vol. 2 (DC Comics, 2003), illustrator
Paper Biscuit 2 (2004), writer, illustrator
Project: Superior (AdHouse Books, 2005), illustrator
Three Trees Make a Forest (Gingko Press, 2006), illustrator
My Name is Dug (Disney Press, 2009), illustrator
And There You Are (AdHouse Books, 2009), writer, illustrator
Awards and nominations
Eisner Award, Best Single Issue, Batman Adventures Holiday Special (with Paul Dini and Bruce Timm), 1995
Daytime Emmy Award Outstanding Special Class Animated Program: Director, Freakazoid, 1996
Annie Award, Storyboarding in an Animated Feature Production, Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron, 2003
Annie Award Nomination, Storyboarding in an Animated Feature Production, WALL-E, 2009
Annie Award Nomination, Storyboarding in an Animated Feature Production, Up, 2010
National Cartoonists Society, Animated Feature Division Award, Up, 2010
Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay Nomination, Inside Out (with Pete Docter, Meg LeFauve and Josh Cooley), 2015
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Annie Award winners
Filipino animators
Pixar people
Filipino storyboard artists
Filipino comics artists
Artists from Cavite
People from Cavite City
University of Santo Tomas alumni
Albrecht Kauw (1621–1681) was a Swiss still-life painter, cartographer and a painter of vedute.
Biography
Kauw was born in Strasbourg, then moved to Bern in 1640. He painted a large number of works for public buildings and for various chateaux. Kauw primarily painted still lifes and landscapes. He trained his son Albrecht Kauw the Younger to also be a painter. He died in Bern.
References
17th-century Swiss painters
Swiss male painters
1681 deaths
1621 births
Artists from Strasbourg
Artists from Bern
Jamar Mondell Israel (born August 28, 1979), born Jamar Mondell Fletcher, is an American former college and professional football player who was a cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) for eight seasons in the early 2000s. He played college football for the University of Wisconsin, and was a two-time All-American. The Miami Dolphins chose him in the first round of the 2001 NFL Draft, and he also played professionally for the San Diego Chargers, Detroit Lions, Houston Texans and Cincinnati Bengals of the NFL.
Early years
Fletcher was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He played high school football for Hazelwood East High School in St. Louis. Jamar was a key part of the team's success with starting rotation at split end / flanker, but also saw duties at quarterback, cornerback, and both kickoff and punt return as a specialist. Fletcher had (11) touchdowns and over (750) yards of total offense during his junior season. Hazelwood East Spartans went 14-0 winning the 1995 Missouri 5A State Championship, and finished ranked in the USA Today's Super 25 top high-school football teams in the nation. The team featured (4) future NFL players: Jamar Fletcher, Bryan Fletcher, Reggie Germany and Mike Young.
During the 1996 season, Fletcher was moved to starting quarterback, cornerback, and return specialist. He passed for 1,600+ yards with (19) touchdowns, rushed for 1,200+ yards with (26) touchdowns, (2) punt returns for touchdowns, (2) kickoff returns for touchdowns, and secured a team and Suburban North Conference leading (7) interceptions during his senior season. Fletcher was a 2-year letterman on varsity for the Spartans during the 1995 and 1996 seasons, which resulted in 22 - 2 record. Fletcher was a 3-star prospect recruited by: Indiana, Iowa, University Louisiana-Lafayette, Kansas, Kansas State, Miami-Ohio, Missouri, Minnesota, and Wisconsin.
College career
Fletcher attended the University of Wisconsin, where he played for the Wisconsin Badgers football team from 1998 to 2000. He was a key member of the Badgers' back-to-back Rose Bowl championship teams. One of the most decorated defensive players in the history of Wisconsin football...Regarded by many to be the finest man coverage defender in the collegiate ranks...Master of the interception and a classic game-breaker with his blazing speed when returning the pass thefts...Holds the school's career-records with 21 interceptions for 459 yards in returns, topping the previous marks of 18 thefts, first set by Neovia Greyer (1969–71) and matched by Jeff Messenger (1991–94) and Greyer's 285 yards...His 459 yards in returns topped the old Big Ten Conference all-time record of 431, set by Tom Curtis of Michigan (1967–69)...Set another Badgers career-record with 57 pass deflections, surpassing the old mark of 41 by Troy Vincent (1988–91)...Only player in Big Ten history to lead the conference in interceptions three-straight years...His five interception returns for touchdowns established new Wisconsin and Big Ten all-time records...In 32 games for the Badgers, he never allowed an opponent to catch a touchdown pass and held the opposition to no receptions in ten contests...Finished his career with 130 tackles (106 solos). He was named a first-team All-American by multiple selector organizations in 1999, and was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American in 2000. He was also named to the Top 100 Greatest College Players list by America's Best & 10.
2000 SEASON
Earned All-American first-team honors from every sports service and newspaper in the country, except for The Sporting News, which bestowed upon him second-team accolades...Winner of the Jim Thorpe Award, given to the top defensive back in the nation...Unanimous All-Big Ten Conference first-team choice and Defensive Player of the Year...Named Touchdown Club of Columbus Defensive Back of the Year...Started ten games at left cornerback, ranking fourth in the Big Ten with 21 pass deflections (only teammate Mike Echols' 25 pass break-ups in 2000 top his 21 on the school's season-record list)...Had seven interceptions for a Badger season-record 179 yards in returns, topping the previous mark of 156 yards by David Greenwood in 1981...Only Neovia Greyer (nine in 1970) had more interceptions in a season for Wisconsin...Recorded 34 tackles (29 solos)...Did not allow a reception in four games as opponents averaged only 1.2 catches per game in his territory during the course of the season.
Western Michigan, Cincinnati and Northwestern...One of 24 Wisconsin athletes that were ordered by the NCAA to miss game action...The NCAA ruled that these athletes had received an "improper" discount from a local sporting goods store, a violation of NCAA rules.
Oregon...Made the Ducks regret that he was eligible for this contest, as he picked off three of QB Joey Harrington's passes for a total of 58 yards in returns, deflected 5 other passes and made 3 solo tackles...Also saw action as a receiver, but did not catch any passes.
Michigan...In his much-hyped meeting against David Terrell, he deflected a pass out of the Wolverine's hands in the corner of the end zone and held the receiver to only a 22-yard catch.
Ohio State...Held All-Big Ten receiver Reggie Germany to a 3-yard reception (Germany had a 23-yarder on the opposite side of the field) as he made a pair of pass break-ups and 3 solo tackles.
Purdue...QB Drew Brees only threw three passes to Jamar's territory, all resulting in incompletions.
Iowa...Stepped in front of receiver Kevin Kasper on a slant pattern to intercept the pass and also deflected 5 others as Kasper, who was averaging eight catches per game, was held to three grabs for a total of 10 yards.
Minnesota...Made a key block on 290-pound center Ben Hamilton on Badger cornerback Mike Echols' 56-yard interception return for a touchdown.
Indiana...Registered a season-high 7 tackles (6 solos), deflected 3 passes and intercepted another, returning the ball 87 yards...Only Jim Nettles (89 vs. New Mexico State in 1962), Ron Steiner (94 vs. West Virginia in 1957), Billy Lowe (98 vs. Purdue in 1954) and himself (93 vs. Northwestern in 1999) had longer interception returns in school history.
Hawaii...Had 3 pass deflections in the season finale.
UCLA (Sun Bowl)...Returned an interception 20 yards, made 7 tackles (6 solos) and batted away a pair of passes in his collegiate finale...Was supposed to play on offense as a receiver, but he suffered a shoulder bruise early in the bowl game and the coaching staff felt it was best to just have him perform on defense.
1999 SEASON
First-team All-American selection by The Sporting News, Football News and College Football News, adding second-team honors from Walter Camp and CBS Sportsline...Only sophomore to earn consensus All-Big Ten Conference first-team recognition...Led the Big Ten in interceptions for second season in a row and tied for sixth nationally (0.64 per game)...In a poll conducted by The Sporting News (nearly 75,000 fans), Jamar finished second in voting for National Defensive Player of the Year honors (award went to Virginia Tech's Corey Moore)...Finalist for ABC-TV's "Obscurity Award," which goes to a star player that has not received his due...His 135 yards on interception returns were fifth-best nationally and his two returns for touchdowns were tied for first in the league...Only Badger to earn team Defensive Player of the Week honors four times (Cincinnati, Minnesota, Michigan State and Purdue)...Named Big Ten Defensive Player of the Week vs. Purdue and Special Teams Player of the Week vs. Northwestern...Recorded a career-high 54 tackles (40 solos) with three stops for losses of 139 yards...Had seven interceptions and 17 pass deflections.
Ball State...Made 4 hits with a stop behind the line of scrimmage and a pass deflection.
Cincinnati...Picked off a pass in the end zone, deflected another and had 4 tackles (3 solos).
Michigan...Collected 5 tackles (4 solos) and batted away a pass.
Minnesota...Stepped in front of a slant pattern meant for Ron Johnson to intercept the ball and was in on 4 tackles, including one for a 5-yard loss as Johnson experienced the first game of his career with no catches.
Michigan State...Came out the winner in a fierce battle with 6:05 receiver Plaxico Burress, stealing two passes away from the Spartan split end for interceptions while deflecting another pass inside the end zone.
Northwestern...Registered a career-high 9 tackles (6 solos) as he stopped tailback Damien Anderson for a 2-yard loss, deflected 3 passes and picked off another for a 93-yard touchdown return...His 93-yarder was the third-longest interception return in school history.
Purdue...As hard as he tried to throw away from Jamar's territory, QB Drew Brees fell victim to a pair of interceptions, including one that was returned 52 yards for a game-winning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of a 31-24 decision and also had 6 tackles (5 solos) with a pass break-up...Brees set an NCAA record by attempting 83 passes in that game.
Stanford (Rose Bowl)...Credited with a 7-tackle (6 solos) performance.
1998 SEASON
Freshman All-American selection by The Sporting News and Football News...First-team All-Big Ten Conference choice by the media and second-team by the league's coaches...First Badger freshman since Ron Dayne (1996) to earn first-team all-league honors...Named the team's Defensive Rookie of the Year...Helped Wisconsin's pass defense improve from 10th in the Big Ten in 1997 (he redshirted) to seventh in the NCAA in 1998...Led the nation in interceptions (.67 per game), becoming the first Badger since Ira Matthews in 1976 to lead the NCAA in a category (Matthews paced the nation in punt returns)...Returned three of his seven interceptions for touchdowns to set a Big Ten season-record...Recorded 42 tackles (37 solos) with a stop for a 2-yard loss from his strongside cornerback position...Led the squad with 19 pass deflections.
San Diego State...Made his collegiate debut, posting 3 tackles while making a diving interception in the end zone...Suffered a sprained ankle on that play, an injury that would bother him throughout the rest of the year.
Ohio University and Nevada-Las Vegas...Did not play (ankle).
Northwestern...Returned to action with 4 solo tackles, a stop for a 2-yard loss and a deflected pass.
Indiana...Picked off a pass and batted away another.
Purdue...Returned an interception 52 yards for a touchdown, made 3 solo stops and deflected a pass.
Illinois...Recovered a fumble, returned an interception 22 yards for a touchdown and came up with 5 tackles (4 solos) and a pass deflection.
Iowa...Credited with a 6-tackle (5 solos) performance.
Minnesota...Registered 4 solo tackles with a pair of deflected passes and an interception.
Michigan...Picked off a pass inside the end zone and delivered 7 solo tackles.
Penn State...Followed with 4 solo hits and 2 pass break-ups.
UCLA (Rose Bowl)...Gave the Badgers a 38-31 decision with a game-winning 46-yard interception return for a touchdown in the fourth quarter...Also collected 4 tackles with 4 pass deflections.
1997 SEASON
Redshirted as a freshman.
AGILITY TESTS
4.43 in the 40-yard dash...37.5-inch vertical jump...310-pound bench press.
Professional career
Miami Dolphins
Fletcher was originally a first-round pick in the 2001 NFL Draft by the Miami Dolphins. He played 41 games for Miami from 2001 to 2003.
San Diego Chargers
In 2004, Fletcher was traded to the San Diego Chargers. He played for them in 2004 and 2005.
(Fletcher breaks up a pass for Laveranues Coles in 2005)
Detroit Lions
It was announced that Fletcher signed a one-year deal with the Detroit Lions on May 1, 2006. He had a career-high three interceptions for the Lions that season.
Houston Texans
In 2007 Fletcher signed with the Houston Texans.
Cincinnati Bengals
Fletcher signed with the Cincinnati Bengals on September 23, 2008. After becoming an unrestricted free agent following the 2008 season, he went unsigned. He was re-signed on August 2, 2009 after rookie cornerback David Jones injured his foot. The Bengals released Fletcher on August 29, ending his NFL career.
Personal life
His older brother, Jason Fletcher, is a prominent professional sports agent.
References
External links
Cincinnati Bengals bio
Hazelwood East's Arsenal
Mel Kiper- Q&A with Wisconsin QB Jamar Fletcher
Fiedler Played role in Brees' draft day fate
Thorpe Winners STARTS 1986
1979 births
Living people
All-American college football players
American football cornerbacks
Cincinnati Bengals players
Detroit Lions players
Houston Texans players
Miami Dolphins players
Players of American football from St. Louis
San Diego Chargers players
Wisconsin Badgers football players
No. 83 Squadron RAF was a Royal Flying Corps and Royal Air Force squadron active from 1917 until 1969. It was operative during both the First World War and the Second World War.
Establishment and early service
Founded on 7 January 1917 at Montrose, the squadron trained at RAF Spitalgate and RAF Wyton, where it equipped with Royal Aircraft Factory F.E.2bs and F.E.2ds for its role as a night bomber squadron. The squadron moved to France in March 1918 and attacked German troop concentrations to try to disrupt the German spring offensive, before operating for the remainder of the war on night bombing (mainly against railway targets) and reconnaissance operations. The squadron was disbanded on 31 December 1919.
Reinstatement and Second World War
The squadron re-formed at RAF Turnhouse in Scotland on 4 August 1936, equipped with Hawker Hinds for day bombing as part of 2 Groups. On 14 March 1938, the squadron joined No 5 Group at Scampton and re-equipped with Handley Page Hampdens in October 1938.
Unlike many Bomber Command squadrons, No. 83 Squadron went into action on the first day of the Second World War, carrying out a sweep over the North Sea looking for German warships. The squadron continued with 'precision' raids against German naval and coastal targets but as the daylight operations became more costly, Bomber Command switched to night operations. The squadron flew against concentrations of invasion shipping in the Channel Ports in the late summer and autumn of 1940, with a raid on Antwerp on the night of 15 September resulting in the award of a Victoria Cross to Flight Sergeant John Hannah, a wireless operator/gunner for extinguishing a serious fire while receiving severe burns. In December 1941, the squadron was re-equipped with Avro Manchesters but due to their underpowered and unreliable engines these were quickly replaced by Avro Lancasters.
In August 1942, the squadron was transferred to the No 8 Group Pathfinder Force at RAF Wyton, operating as a marker unit for the main force of Bomber Command. In April 1944, 83 Squadrons was returned to No 5 Group at RAF Coningsby, where it became the Pathfinder unit for independent operations by the Group.
In May 1946, the squadron re-equipped with Avro Lincolns, relocating in October to RAF Hemswell. It deployed to Singapore in September 1953, flying bombing missions against the supposed hiding places of Communist insurgents during the Malayan Emergency, returning to Hemswell in January, where it remained until disbanding again in December 1955.
Post-Second World War and disbandment
In May 1957, the squadron re-formed at RAF Waddington as the RAF's first Avro Vulcan squadron. In August 1960, it handed over its Mk1 aircraft to 44 Squadrons and moved to RAF Scampton where it became the first squadron to receive the Vulcan Mk2. Initially these were armed with Yellow Sun nuclear weapons, later to be replaced by Blue Steel stand-off bombs. The squadron remained at Scampton in this role until finally disbanded in August 1969.
References
Bibliography
Rawlings, J.D.R. "Squadron Histories:No.83". Air Pictorial, August 1961. pp. 236–237, 250.
External links
Air of Authority - No 81-85 Squadron Histories
History - RAF.MOD.UK
WW2 History & markings - RAF.MOD.UK
83 Squadron Royal Air Forces - RAF-Lincolnshire.info
No. 83 Squadron (RAF): Second World War - historyofwar.org
Pathfinder History- Wg Cdr M.A.Gilbert MA RAFVR(T)
The Vulcan Collection - XH563
The Vulcan Collection - XA903
083 Squadrons
083 Squadrons
Military units and formations established in 1917
Aircraft squadrons of the Royal Air Force in World War II
1917 establishments in the United Kingdom
Gadaba language refers to a language of the Gadaba people. This may be:
Gutob language (Bodo or Boi Gadaba), an Austro-Asiatic language
Ollari language (Ollar or Pottangi Gadaba), a Dravidian language
Kondekor language (Mudhili or Gol Gadaba), closely related to Ollari
br:Gadabeg
The , signed as Route 11, is one of the routes of the Hanshin Expressway system serving the Keihanshin area in Japan. It is a radial route that travels in a south to north direction from central Osaka to Itami Airport and Ikeda, with a length of . Along with its spur route, it has a total length of .
Route description
The Ikeda Route begins at Nakanoshima Junction in Nishi-ku, Osaka, where it meets the Loop Route. Curving to the north just south of Osaka Station, the expressway serves the station and the Umeda commercial, business, shopping, and entertainment district. The southbound exit ramp to the area is the Ikeda Route's most notable feature, an exit ramp that passes through the Gate Tower Building, taking up part of the building's fifth, sixth, and seventh floors.
From there it travels northwest from central Osaka, crossing the Yodo River. After this, the expressway crosses through the city's Nishiyodogawa and Yodogawa wards, then it crosses into the city of Toyonaka where it curves to the north. In Toyonaka it meets the Meishin Expressway at Toyonaka Interchange. Approaching the vicinity of Itami Airport, it slowly begins to curve to the northwest again. An interchange connects the airport to the expressway. Just north of the airport interchange, the spur route of the Ikeda Route begins, heading northwest, while the main route meets its northern terminus just beyond the junction. The main route ends at an at-grade intersection with National Route 176 and Osaka Prefecture Route 10 just south of the Ikeda Interchange on the Chūgoku Expressway.
History
The first section of what come to be known as the Ikeda Route opened in 1965 between the Loop Route and Umeda. The spur of the Ikeda Route was completed in 1998.
List of interchanges
The entire expressway lies within Osaka Prefecture.
Spur route
The Ikeda Route has a spur route that travels north from its southern terminus with the main route of the Ikeda Route at Hotarugaike Junction in Toyonaka to its northern terminus at National Route 173 in Ikeda.
Route description
The spur of the Ikeda Route begins at Hotarugaike Junction in Toyonaka where it meets its parent route. The expressway travels around the northeastern edge of Itami Airport, briefly crossing into Itami, Hyōgo before crossing back into the city of Ikeda in Osaka Prefecture. The expressway then begins paralleling the Ina River as it travels north toward Kawanishi, once again briefly switching to the opposite shore of the river in Hyōgo Prefecture, before returning into Osaka. The route meets its northern terminus at an interchange with national routes 173 and 423 just north of Satsukiyama Zoo.
List of interchanges
See also
References
External links
Roads in Osaka Prefecture
Roads in Hyōgo Prefecture
11
1965 establishments in Japan
Thordisa oliva is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 2007
Danny McAllister (1919–2008) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Glenariff and with the Antrim senior inter-county team in the 1940s and 1950s. He played full forward in the 1943 All Ireland hurling final against Cork - the first of only two occasions that Antrim reached the Ireland final.
References
Corry, Eoghan, The GAA Book of Lists (Hodder Headline Ireland, 2005).
Donegan, Des, The Complete Handbook of Gaelic Games (DBA Publications Limited, 2005).
Fullam, Brendan, Captains of the Ash (Wolfhound Press, 2002).
External links
Antrim GAA honours
1919 births
2008 deaths
Glenariff hurlers
Antrim inter-county hurlers
This is a list of cooling towers above 500 ft / 150 m.
List of the tallest cooling towers
indicates a structure that is no longer standing.
See also
List of the tallest buildings and structures
References
Cooling towers
Cooling towers
Shahjahanpur Junction Railway Station (station code SPN) is a main railway station in Shahjahanpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Nearby stations
SPN/Shahjahanpur (1 km)
SXK/Shahjahanpur Kutchery Halt (2 km)
SZN/Shahbaznagar (4 km)
ROZA – (8 km)
TTilhar railway station (18Km)
(18 km)
KIE/Khiria Khurd (11 km)
PRPM/Pt Ram Prasad Bismil (12 km)
BHDH/Bahadurpur Halt (12 km)
BRTA/Bartara (16 km)
ARX/Areli (16 km)
Hardoi Railway Station (63 KM)
Major trains
Kanpur Central Kathgodam Express
Kathgodam Kanpur Central Express
Anand Vihar Trm Garib Rath
Muzaffarpur Jn Garib Rath
Lucknow Mail
Chandigarh Express
Shramjevi N Express
New Delhi AC Superfast
Jammu Tawi Express
Mour Dhwaj Express
Amar Nath Express
Doon Express
Bagh Express
Amritsar Express
Kolkata Express
Gangasutlej Express
Sadbhavana Express
Satyagraha Express
Sultanpur Express
Faizabad Jn Delhi Express
Padmavat Express
Varanasi Jn Bareilly Express
Kashi V Express
Prayag Bareilly Express
Nauchandi Express
Saryu Yamuna Express
Shaheed Express
Lucknow Ne Chandigarh Express
Tribeni Express
Lok Nayak Express
Rajya Rani Express
References
Shahjahanpur
Moradabad railway division
Railway stations in Shahjahanpur district
Alba Lucía Potes Cortés (born 1954) is a composer of contemporary classical music, and teacher at the Mannes School of Music, College Preparatory Division, in New York.
Life
Born in Cali, Colombia, she studied at the Antonio M. Valencia conservatory, and the University of Valle in Cali Colombia, where she studied with Leon J. Simar. In 1983, she moved to the United States. She graduated from Temple University degree in music theory, cum laude, and with a master's and doctorate in composition. She studied with Matthew Greenbaum, Ursula Mamlok and Maurice Wright.
She lives in New York City.
Career
Alba Potes' compositions have been performed by the Montreal Chamber Orchestra, National Symphony of Colombia, National Philharmonic Orchestra of Venezuela, Darmstadt 2000 Internationale Ferienkurse für Neue Musik, the Symphony Orchestra of Cali, Festival Internacional Cervantino, International Alliance for Women in Music, the ISCM in New York, Parnassus, the Composer's Conference at Wellesley College, the Network for New Music, Momenta Quartet, The Stefan Wolpe Society, the New York New Music Ensemble, the Institute for New Music in Freiburg, Germany, the ISCM in Seoul, South Korea and at International Musical Festivals in Germany, México, El Salvador, England, Colombia, Brazil and Venezuela. Her music has been performed by soprano Susan Narucki, pianists David Holtzman, Charles Abramovic, Martha Marchena, Ana Cervantes, and Blair McMiller, saxophonist Marshall Taylor, percussionist Mircea Ardeleanu and violist Stephanie Griffin.
Awards and commissions
Her orchestral compositions "Cantares para Orquesta" and "Reflexiones" were winners of the 2002 New Music Reading Sessions of The Women's Philharmonic in San Francisco, and the 1994 Riverside Symphony's First International Composers Reading Project in New York.
Alba Potes is a winner of the 2001–2002 Music of Changes Composer Competition in Los Angeles that included a concert dedicated to her music. Ms. Potes has received commissions from, among others, the Ministry of Culture of Colombia (De las Travesuras y Percances del Amor), Music of Changes (Y la brisa trae aroma de cadmia), the Independence Foundation Fellowship in the Arts in Philadelphia (Oleajes), Colombia's Luis Angel Arango Recital Hall/Banco de la República (Entre Arrullos y Madrigales), Office of Academic Affairs of Hostos Community College (Dulzuras) and consecutive ASCAP awards (1998–2008). Celebrating Women's Month in March 2006, the Latin American Cultural Center of Queens and the Women's Council of New York recognized her for her outstanding achievements as a composer. Her music is published by the Ministry of Culture of Colombia (A los Pájaros) and Hildegard Publishing Company (Tres Miniaturas para las Mariposas Ausentes).
Reviews
References
External links
Alba Potes 2004 "Entre arrullos y madrigales"
University of Valle people
Colombian composers
Women classical composers
Living people
1954 births
The Presidential Electoral College () is an electoral college made up of MPs that elects the President of Myanmar.
Composition
It consists of three separate committees:
MPs who represent the proportions of MPs elected from each Region or State (the House of Nationalities)
MPs who represent the proportions of MPs elected from each township population (the House of Representatives)
Military-appointed MPs personally nominated by the Tatmadaw Commander-in-Chief (the combined military representatives from both above houses of the Assembly of the Union)
Nomination and selection
Each of the three committees nominate a presidential candidate. Afterward, all the Pyidaungsu Hluttaw MPs vote for one of three candidates—the candidate with the highest number of votes is elected President, while the other two are elected as Vice Presidents. The Vice Presidents are designated as First and Second Vice President based on who received the second and third highest number of votes.
2011 election
2016 election
2018 by-election
References
Electoral colleges
Elections in Myanmar
Presidential elections
Boody Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Steuben in Oneida County, northwest of Steuben.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
is a 2012 rhythm game created by Sega and Crypton Future Media for the iOS operating system for iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch. The game is a spin-off of the Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA series of Vocaloid rhythm games and was released in Japan on March 9, 2012 and internationally on April 9, 2012. Like the original the game primarily makes use of Vocaloids, a series of singing synthesizer software, and the songs created using these vocaloids most notably the virtual-diva Vocaloid Hatsune Miku. Miku Flick is the first game in the Project Diva series to ever be released outside Japan in English.
A sequel to the game, named Miku Flick/02 was released on August 10, 2012.
Gameplay
As the game is a spin-off from the Project Diva series, its gameplay differs greatly from the original series. The game is still a rhythm game at heart, though its mechanics greatly differ. Players can pick their songs using a Cover Flow system from a selection of 13 songs all sung by Hatsune Miku. This is the first game in the series to not feature any other Vocaloids apart from Hatsune Miku. It is also the first game not to use Promotional Videos (PVs) rendered in real-time, instead the game's PVs are pre-rendered with graphics of Project DIVA Arcade. The game also features two more modes being "PV" where players can watch the PVs of the various songs in the game and "Break the Limit" whereby it is an even more extreme version of the game.
Within the songs, the gameplay also differs greatly. Focusing more on the lyrics of the song rather than the rhythm and beats. The game has 10 tiles, arranged in a 3×3 grid with the middle column having a 4th tile at the bottom. Each of these tiles has a hiragana Lyric on them, when indicated you are required to flick the tile in the indicated direction. The lyrics for each song are given above the tiles, and flow from right to left with a circle on the left. When the indicated lyric reaches the circle, the player must tap the lyric tile and flick it in the indicated direction. Arrows will automatically appear on the tiles to be flicked so as to make things easier for the player, though this help can be removed via the options. Timing is as essential as the original game as the game still retains the points system as well as accuracy scoring system as the original series. The original Japanese game only provided tiles in hiragana, but the localized version provided romanization support so tiles would have the romanized letters on it, which are alphabets recognizable to English readers.
Song List
The game has a total of 13 songs. Players begin with only 3 songs unlocked, and unlock one new song for every song they complete up to a total of 12 songs. The Disappearance of Hatsune Miku -DEAD END- is unlocked after clearing every song on easy and normal mode. If players manage to clear The Disappearance of Hatsune Miku -DEAD END- on Normal or Hard mode just after the credits, Magical Sound Shower is unlocked, leaving the player with a total of 14 songs.
References
External links
Official Site
2012 video games
Music video games
IOS games
IOS-only games
Sega Games franchises
Sega video games
Creative works using vocaloids
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA games
Video games developed in Japan
The British Nieuport Memorial is a First World War memorial, located in the Belgian port city of Nieuwpoort (), which is at the mouth of the River Yser. The memorial lists 547 names of British officers and men with no known grave who were killed in the Siege of Antwerp in 1914 or in the defence of this part of the Western Front from June to November 1917. Those that fought in 1914 were members of the Royal Naval Division. The fighting in 1917, when XV Corps defended the line from Sint-Joris to the sea, included the German use of chemical weapons such as mustard gas and Blue Cross.
Designed by the Scottish architect William Bryce Binnie, the memorial is an 8-metre-high pylon of Euville stone, a limestone from Euville. The names of those commemorated are cast on bronze panels surrounding the base of the pylon. Three lions, carved by the British sculptor Charles Sargeant Jagger, stand guard at the corners of the memorial's triangular paved platform. Around the top of the bronze name panels is cast the words from Laurence Binyon's famous poem, "For the Fallen":
The memorial was unveiled on 1 July 1928 by Sir George Macdonogh, a commissioner for the Imperial War Graves Commission (now Commonwealth War Graves Commission). Macdonogh had been a staff officer and general for the Directorate of Military Intelligence for most of the war, being appointed Adjutant-General to the Forces in September 1918.
The King Albert I Memorial, dedicated to Belgian king Albert I of Belgium and the Belgian troops during the First World War, is located directly next to the Nieuport Memorial.
Footnotes and references
See also
List of World War I memorials and cemeteries in Flanders
External links
Commonwealth War Graves Commission details of the Nieuport Memorial
Memorials to the Missing - Belgium (includes photograph)
Nieuport Memorial (Belgian heritage register)
Catalogue entry for Nieuport Memorial register (National Library of Australia)
Commonwealth War Graves Commission memorials
World War I memorials in Belgium
Buildings and structures completed in 1928
Nieuwpoort, Belgium
The 2016–17 Linafoot season is the 56th since its establishment as the top-flight association football league of the DR Congo. A total of 28 clubs participated in the First Round, divided in three regional groups, with 8 teams advancing to the nationwide Championship Round. TP Mazembe won the domestic league.
First round
There were three regional divisions with 8 to 10 teams. Advancing to the Championship Round were 2 teams from East, 3 from West and 3 from Center-South.
Zone de développement Est
Zone de développement Ouest
Zone de développement Centre-Sud
Final round
References
Linafoot seasons
Congo
football
football
Pier Paolo Baretta (born 29 June 1949, in Venice) is an Italian Trade unionist and politician. He was the Undersecretary of state at the Ministry of Economy and Finance in the Conte II Cabinet. He previously held this position in the Letta, Renzi and Gentiloni Cabinets.
Biography
Born and raised in Cannaregio. His training has roots in Catholic Associations and student youth movements. He graduated in Accountancy in 1970 and was hired by the engineering industry "Light Alloys Processing" of Porto Marghera and at the same time, he enrolled as a student – employee at the Faculty of Sociology of the University of Trento.
Trade union career
He enrolled in the Italian Federation of Metal Mechanics. In 1971, he was elected employee delegate on the works council. In 1972 he began his activity as a full-time trade unionist, as coordinator of employees of the Triveneto for the Federation of metalworkers. In the autumn of the same year he was called as a trade union operator at Fim-Cisl in Pordenone. At the end of 1973 he moved to the National Federation as training manager for the Fim, at the age of 24. In 1976 he entered the provincial secretariat of the Fim of Venice, of which he became general secretary in 1978. In 1982 he joined the regional secretariat of the Fim of Veneto, of which he later became general secretary. In 1984 he reached the national secretariat of the Fim, where he took on the roles of the steel industry, then of the organization and finally of the car. In the latter sector, it follows the difficult restructuring processes of Fiat.
Political career
Baretta resigned from all union posts, when in March he ran for the 2008 parliamentary elections on the Democratic Party list, and was elected to the Chamber of Deputies in the Veneto I district. During the Legislature XVI of Italy he was leader of the PD in the V Budget, Treasury and Economic Planning Commission and carried out an intense parliamentary activity: He was speaker of the Stability Law for 2009, 2010 and 2011, and of the reform of the State Budget. He also participated in the rewriting of article 81 of the Constitution which defines the principle of budget balance.
During the Monti Cabinet he is rapporteur of the Salva Italia decree and of the Stability Law for 2012, and he fought in particular for the increase of deductions for dependent children and for the financing of the Fund for social policies and non-self-sufficiency. Re-elected in the same constituency as leader in the 2013 general elections, on 2 May 2013 he was appointed by the Council of Ministers Undersecretary of State at the Ministry of Economy and Finance, alongside Minister Fabrizio Saccomanni in the Letta government, being confirmed in subsequent Renzi and Gentiloni governments under Pier Carlo Padoan.
In the general elections of 4 March 2018 he was a candidate for the Senate of the Republic for the Coalizione di centro-destra alle elezioni politiche italiane del 2018 (in the Democratic Party), in the majority college of Rovigo, but he was defeated, in fact coming third behind the center-right candidate Roberta Toffanin and the Movement 5 Stars Micaela D'Aquino.
Following the birth of the Conte II cabinet between PD, Movimento 5 Stelle and LeU, in September 2019 the Council of Ministers again appointed him Undersecretary of State at the Ministry of Economy and Finance, alongside the Minister of his own party Roberto Gualtieri.
References
Living people
1949 births
Italian politicians
21st-century Italian politicians
Deputies of Legislature XVI of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XVII of Italy
The Orchestre de Paris () is a French orchestra based in Paris. The orchestra currently performs most of its concerts at the Philharmonie de Paris.
History
In 1967, following the dissolution of the Orchestre de la Société des Concerts du Conservatoire, the French Minister of Culture, André Malraux, and his director of music, Marcel Landowski, engaged conductor Charles Munch to create a new orchestra in Paris. Soon after its creation, Munch died in 1968, and Herbert von Karajan was hired as an interim music advisor from 1969 to 1971. Successive music directors include Sir Georg Solti, Daniel Barenboim, and Semyon Bychkov. Christoph von Dohnányi served as artistic advisor from 1998 to 2000.
During his tenure, Barenboim saw a need for a permanent chorus for the orchestra, and engaged the English chorus master Arthur Oldham to create the Chœur de l'Orchestre de Paris in 1976. Oldham remained with the Chorus till his retirement in 2002. From 2002 to 2011, Didier Bouture and Geoffroy Jourdain shared direction of the Chorus, which is now run by Lionel Sow.
Christoph Eschenbach was music director from 2000 to 2010. He conducted recordings of music of Luciano Berio, Marc-André Dalbavie, and Albert Roussel with the orchestra. In May 2007, Paavo Järvi was named the orchestra's sixth music director, effective from the 2010–11 season. Järvi is scheduled to conclude his tenure with the Orchestre de Paris at the conclusion of his current contract, at the end of the summer of 2016. In June 2015, the orchestra announced the appointments of Daniel Harding as its 9th principal conductor, and of Thomas Hengelbrock as principal guest conductor, effective September 2016. In January 2018, the Orchestre de Paris announced that Harding is to stand down as its principal conductor, following the close of the 2018–2019 season.
In June 2019, Klaus Mäkelä first guest-conducted the orchestra. In June 2020, the orchestra announced the appointment of Mäkelä as its next music director, effective with the 2022-2023 season, with an initial contract of 5 seasons. The original intention had been for Mäkelä to hold the post of musical advisor from 2020 to 2022. However, Mäkelä assumed the role of music director in September 2021, one year earlier than originally planned.
Performance venue history
In 1998, Crédit Lyonnais, which had control of the Salle Pleyel, sold the hall to the French businessman Hubert Martigny. The Salle Pleyel was closed in 2002, which left the orchestra without a resident hall. The Théâtre des Champs-Élysées and Théâtre du Châtelet both presented the orchestra during the 2001–02 season. By the fall of 2002, the orchestra had secured the Théâtre Mogador, where it played its next four seasons. In 2003, the French government secured a new arrangement whereby Martigny would pay for renovations to the Salle Pleyel, and rent the hall to the Cité de la Musique, which would then be scheduled to purchase the hall in the year 2056. After renovations, the Salle Pleyel reopened in September 2006 and became once more the Orchestre de Paris's home base. The orchestra took up residence at the new Philharmonie de Paris, near the Cité de la Musique in the Parc de la Villette, after the opening of the hall ceremony which took place on 14 January 2015.
Music directors
Charles Munch (1967–1968)
Herbert von Karajan (musical advisor, 1969–1971)
Sir Georg Solti (1972–1975)
Daniel Barenboim (1975–1989)
Semyon Bychkov (1989–1998)
Christoph von Dohnányi (artistic advisor, 1998–2000)
Christoph Eschenbach (2000–2010)
Paavo Järvi (2010–2016)
Daniel Harding (2016–2019)
Klaus Mäkelä (2021–present)
Pop charts
The Orchestre de Paris found itself in an unusual situation in 1989, when its performance of Ravel's Boléro became a hit on the Dutch pop chart. The recording, made in 1982 under the direction of Daniel Barenboim, was released as a CD-single to coincide with the success of the song "No more boleros" by the Dutch pop singer Gerard Joling, which included parts of the Ravel work. With its playing time of 17 minutes, the Orchestre de Paris single remains the longest recording ever in the Dutch Top 40.
References
External links
l'Orchestre de Paris official website
French orchestras
Musical groups established in 1967
Musical groups from Paris
1967 establishments in France
"The Naughty Lady of Shady Lane" is a popular song written by Sid Tepper and Roy C. Bennett.
Background
The lyrics suggest that this "naughty lady" driving the whole town crazy is an attractive young woman who "throws those come-hither glances at every Tom, Dick and Joe" and "when offered some liquid refreshment never says no"; but the last line reveals her to be an infant "nine days old".
Recordings
Popular versions of the song were the 1954 recordings by The Ames Brothers and by Archie Bleyer.
The recording by The Ames Brothers was made on September 8, 1954. It was released by RCA Victor Records as catalog number 20-5897. It first reached the Billboard magazine charts on November 20, 1954. On the Disk Jockey chart, it peaked at number 3; on the Best Seller chart, at number 3; on the Juke Box chart, at number 3. This version sold over one million copies in the US, and also peaked at number 6 in the UK Singles Chart in February 1955.
The Bleyer version was released by Cadence Records as catalog number 1254. The record first reached the Billboard magazine charts on November 24, 1954 and lasted 5 weeks on the chart, peaking at number 26. A contemporary review in Billboard compared the two versions by saying: "The Bleyer record has the sound; the Ames disk has the smoothness. Both have style ..."
Dean Martin, Alma Cogan and the McGuire Sisters covered the song in 1955, as well as Ray Charles in 1964 and the Statler Brothers in the 1990s.
In 2004, The Four Lads performed it with Ed Ames on the PBS made for TV special, Magic Moments: The Best of 50s Pop.
In 2007, The Roches recorded a version on their album Moonswept.
Charts
Dean Martin
References
1954 songs
1955 singles
Songs written by Sid Tepper
Songs written by Roy C. Bennett
Ames Brothers songs
Dean Martin songs
1954 singles
Yağma is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
Wesly Felix (born 4 March 1947) is a former boxer from Haiti, who competed in the welterweight (- 67 kg) division at the 1976 Summer Olympics. Felix lost his opening bout to Clinton Jackson of the United States.
References
1947 births
Living people
Welterweight boxers
Olympic boxers of Haiti
Boxers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Haitian male boxers
Evergreen Line can refer to one of the following:
The Evergreen Extension to the Millennium Line rapid transit route in Vancouver, British Columbia
The fleet of container ships operated by Evergreen Marine
The Berkeley Tennis Club Challenge is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor hard courts. The event is classified as a $60,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament and has been held in Berkeley, United States, since 2018.
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
External links
Official website
ITF search
ITF Women's World Tennis Tour
Hard court tennis tournaments in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 2018
Tennis in California
The Qajar Palace (Persian: قصر قاجار, romanized: Qasr-e Qajar) was the name of a palace in Tehran, Iran. It was destroyed in the 1920s and was replaced by the Qasr prison. The only remaining section is a small pavilion.
It had four watchtowers in corners and didn't have windows on the outside, making it look more like a barracks than a palace.
History
The palace was created in the second year of the reign of Fathali Shah Qajar but fell out of use after his death. it was then used for military purposes during the reign of Nasereddin Shah Qajar. At last it was demolished and replaced by the Qasr prison during the rule of Reza Shah, which became the first modern prison in Iran.
The palace was featured in the paintings of Eugène Flandin and Pascal Coste, two Frenchmen who travelled to Iran during the reign of Mohammad Shah Qajar.
The prison that replaced it became a museum in 2011
References
Palaces in Tehran
Buildings of the Qajar period
1920s disestablishments in Iran
Abraham Wood (1610–1682), sometimes referred to as "General" or "Colonel" Wood, was an English fur trader, militia officer, politician and explorer of 17th century colonial Virginia. Wood helped build and maintained Fort Henry at the falls of the Appomattox in present-day Petersburg. He also served in the Virginia House of Burgesses, and as a member of the Virginia Governor's Council.
Early and family life
Abraham Wood emigrated from England as a 10-year-old boy in 1620. The English ship "Margaret and John", on which he sailed as an indentured servant or cabin boy was attacked by two Spanish vessels in the West Indies; Wood was one of the few survivors; the attack led the vessel to turn to the Virginia colonies.
Career
By 1625, Wood worked for Captain Samuel Mathews and lived at Jamestown. He also filed land claims for areas on the lower Appomattox River in the 1630s, and in 1638. by which time he had turned to exploring the colony's interior, and traded for the beaver and deerskin with the native tribes. Upon being expelled from their villages at Bermuda Hundred and Swift Creek, natives had established a village near the falls of the Appomattox River, which would much later would become part of Petersburg. Natives revolted in 1644.
Virginia colonists responded in part by building Fort Henry in 1646 at the falls of the Appomatox River. It supposedly marked the legal frontier between the white settlers and the Native Americans, as well as defended both the settler on the south side of the James River (about 20 miles north of the Appomattox River) and the native Appomattoc tribe which had grain fields and fished in the Appomattox River near the falls, and with whom Abraham Wood traded. From 1646 until around 1691, it became the only point in Virginia where Native Americans could legally cross eastward into white territory, or whites westward into Native American territory. Soon after its construction, Abraham Wood commanded a garrison of 3 soldiers from Henrico County, 12 from Charles City County and 15 each from James City County and Isle of Wight County. Not long after, other colonists thought the tax burden too great, so the government allowed the fort and 600 acres of land sold to Wood, who agreed to keep 10 armed men at the fort for three years. Thus Wood, who both commanded the fort and privately owned the adjoining land and trading post, a considerable advantage over his competitors in the "Indian trade".
Abraham Wood represented Henrico County in the House of Burgesses from 1644 to 1646, then Charles City County from 1652 and 1656. He was a justice of Charles City County in 1655. Also in 1655, he was appointed to a committee to review Virginia's laws. He was elected to the Virginia Governor's Council on March 13, 1657–68 and actively served until at least 1671, and according to correspondence, kept his seat through at least 1676, probably 1680.
Wood dispatched several exploration parties from Fort Henry during these years, including one that he personally led in 1650, which explored the upper reaches of the James River and Roanoke River. In August 1650, Abraham Wood and Edward Bland reached and traveled on the Great Indian Warpath, penetrating the Carolina region southwest of the Roanoke River and discovering westward flowing rivers. Daniel Coxe mentions that "Parts of this Country were discovered by the English long before the French had the least knowledge... Colonel Wood of Virginia... from the years 1654 to 1664 discovered at several times several branches of the great rivers Ohio and Mesechaceba."
Wood also dispatched the first English expeditions to reach the southern Appalachian Mountains. In 1671, explorers Thomas Wood, Thomas Batts (Batte) and Robert Fallam reached the New River Valley and the New River. "Batts was a grandson of Robert Batts, vicar master of University College, Oxford, and possible relation to Nathaniel Batts, first permanent settler in North Carolina and Governor of Roanoke Island. Nathaniel by 1655 had a busy Indian trade from his home on Albemarle Sound. Thomas Wood may have been Abraham's son. Robert Fallam is a question mark. The journal he kept of their experience shows him to be a literate, educated man." The New River was named Wood's River after Abraham Wood, although in time it became better known as the New River. Batts and Fallam are generally credited with being the first Europeans to enter within the present-day borders of West Virginia.
In 1673 Wood sent his friend James Needham and his indentured servant Gabriel Arthur on an expedition to find an outlet to the Pacific Ocean. Shortly after their departure Needham and Arthur encountered a group of Tomahitan Natice Americans, who offered to conduct the men to their town across the mountains . After reaching the Tomahitan town Needham returned to Fort Henry to report to Wood. While en route back to the Tomahitan town Needham was killed by a member of the trading party with whom he was traveling . Shortly thereafter, Arthur was almost killed by a mob in the Tomahitan settlement, but was saved and then adopted by the town's headman. Arthur lived with the Tomahitans for almost a year, accompanying them on war and trading expeditions as far south as Spanish Florida and as far north as the Ohio River .
Wood was appointed colonel of a militia regiment in Henrico and Charles City counties in 1655. Later, he was appointed major general but lost this position in 1676 after Bacon's Rebellion either because of infirmity or political differences with Governor William Berkeley. Bacon's rebel forces attacked the Appomattoc Indians on both sides of the river, killed many and dispersed the rest, after burning their town.
By 1670 Wood had relinquished his trading post to his son-in-law, Peter Jones, for whom Petersburg, Virginia would eventually be named, and in 1675 Jones became commander of the reactivated fort. Jones had married Wood's daughter Margaret, and a map drafted in 1670 named what had been "Fort Henry" on earlier maps, simply "Wood". In 1676, Governor Berkeley wrote that Maj. Gen. Wood of the council kept to his house through infirmity. By March 1678–79, he was strong enough to negotiate with the Native Americans and to arrange for the chief men of hostile tribes to meet in Jamestown.
Wood retired to patent more plantation land in 1680 west of the fort, in what had been Appomattoc territory, notwithstanding it being disallowed by the House of Burgesses.
Death and legacy
Abraham Wood died some time between 1681 and 1686, possibly in 1682. Further westward explorations stalled until undertaken by Governor Spottswood.
Notes
References
Tyler, Lyon Gardiner, ed. Encyclopedia of Virginia Biography. Volume 1. New York, Lewis Historical Publishing Company, 1915. . Retrieved February 16, 2013.
1610 births
1682 deaths
American fur traders
House of Burgesses members
Virginia colonial people
Virginia Governor's Council members
Olivier Tchatchoua (born 4 April 1982) is a Cameroonian former professional footballer who played as a defender. He was part of the Cameroon national team at the 2001 FIFA Confederations Cup and has one international cap which he won in 2001.
References
External links
Living people
1982 births
Association football defenders
Cameroonian footballers
Cameroon international footballers
2001 FIFA Confederations Cup players
Sable FC players
Canon Yaoundé players
Timo Antero Kivimäki is a professor of International Relations and Director of Research at University of Bath, United Kingdom who in 2012 was convicted and sentenced to 4 months in prison for spying against Denmark on behalf of Russia.
Positions
Timo Kivimäki is the Chairman of the Board for Calx Proclivia, a Finnish conflict resolution consulting company. Previously Dr. Kivimäki has held full professorships at the University of Helsinki in the Department of Political and Economic Studies, the University of Copenhagen and the University of Lapland and he has been Director of the Institute of Development Studies at the University of Helsinki and the Nordic Institute of Asian Studies in Copenhagen.
Research
Kivimäki's research focus is on peace and conflicts. His main theoretical contribution in that field is in the development of the neo-pragmatic peace research approach, in which knowledge produced serves practical peace activities and creates social realities useful for peace (Kivimäki 2012a). Recently Kivimäki's contribution to peace research scholarship has been focused on the creation of an understanding of the relative peace in East Asia (Kivimäki 2012bc: Kivimäki 2011ab). Kivimäki's scholarship has also tried to explain the contribution to peace and democracy of forceful democracy-promotion (Kivimäki 2012d; 2011c).
Peace work
In addition to academic work, Professor Kivimäki has been actively involved in practical peace work, advising parties to peace processes, building capacity to peace negotiation and supporting peace dialogue with academic seminars and research activities. According to a report by the Finnish Embassy, Kivimäki, along with local professor Dr. Syarif I. Alqadrie, was the engine of the West Kalimantan peace process which was taken over by the Vice President of Indonesia in 2008. A report by the Nordic Institute of Asian Studies reveals that this process managed to calm down local election campaigns and prevent escalation in conflict-prone situations. In the Aceh Peace Negotiations, Kivimäki acted as an adviser to the mediator, Nobel Peace Prize Laureate, President Martti Ahtisaari. According to Ahtisaari, Kivimäki's role in the process was vitally important.
Espionage conviction and controversy
In addition to his work in Indonesian peace processes, Kivimäki has worked on various contracts in the assistance of foreign ministries of Finland, Denmark, Sweden, Netherlands and Russia. Furthermore, he has worked with EU and UN organizations and several other donor agencies and Non-Government Organizations (NGOs) to promote strategies of conflict prevention and peace dialogue. In October 2004, he was “strongly advised” by a Danish intelligence official either to stop his meetings with the Aceh rebel organization, or if he continued meetings, he would have to provide reports on them to the Danish Security and Intelligence Service. Kivimäki declined and continued his meetings (according to an interview with a Malaysian diplomat, who had heard about the demand from Kivimäki in summer 2005).
In September 2010 Kivimäki was arrested (and released in 24 hours) on suspicion of helping a Russian espionage organization.
According to Kivimäki himself, his work with the Russian foreign ministry was similar to his work with other ministries, and the diplomats he worked with were not spies. His work for the Russian foreign ministry consisted of short studies that explored research-based support for Russian diplomatic arguments against militaristic counter-terrorism of the United States and its allies (including Denmark), military interventions in Iraq, and potential intervention in Iran. Kivimäki had refused to help the Russians in their arguments in the negotiation on the territorial disputes in the Arctic. However, Kivimäki offered to organize scholarly seminars on the topic in order to help the initiation of political negotiation on the topic.
Following a private (double closed doors) hearing, the court in Glostrup, Denmark, concluded in its public version of the verdict that while the Russians with whom Kivimäki had collaborated were diplomats (rather than spies), the information that Kivimäki delivered in his discussions with these diplomats, if passed to the Russian intelligence organization, could have helped the intelligence organization. Thus, the court convicted Kivimäki under paragraph 108 of the Danish criminal code (public version). Kivimäki was not charged for delivering secrets to Russians (article 107). He served his two and a half month home arrest in autumn 2012. His sentence was controversial; the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Finland said in an interview to the biggest newspaper in Finland that Kivimäki's activities would not have given rise to legal proceedings in Finland, and that the Foreign Minister could not see with certainty that Kivimäki's legal rights were protected in Denmark.
According to a University of Helsinki representative the peace negotiators need contacts with all the conflict parties and big nations. According to Prof. Liisa Laakso of the Faculty of Social Sciences Dean of the University of Helsinki, scholars are often more suitable for the creation of the initial contacts that are needed for official peace negotiation and conflict resolution between official representatives of the conflicting parties.
Further activities
After the controversy in Denmark, Kivimäki moved back to Finland and took up a faculty position at the University of Helsinki. He published a book examining the relationship between academic research and peace work (Kivimäki 2012a) in which he touches on the subject of how intelligence communities can block or support peace processes. Since moving to Finland his activities have been focused on purely academic issues. He is teaching and further developing the theory of pragmatic peace research, giving a new generation of peace activists new ideas on how to help the crucial initial phase of dialogue between conflicting parties. He is also a frequent commentator on issues related to peace and conflict in the Finnish media. His book is entitled The Long Peace of East Asia.
Selected publications
Kivimaki, Timo (2016a). Paradigms of Peace: A Pragmatist Introduction to the Contribution to Peace of Paradigms of Social Science. Imperial College Press.
Kivimaki, Timo (2016b). Legalism, Developmentalism and Securitization: The Case of Territorial Disputes in the South China Sea. In: Fels, E. and Vu, T.-M., eds. Power Politics in Asia's Contested Waters. Springer, pp. 57–76.
Kivimaki, Timo (2016c). Politics of economic relations between China and Myanmar. In: Kim, Y.-C., ed. Chinese Global Production Networks in ASEAN 2016. Switzerland: Springer International Publishing AG, pp. 137–155.
Kivimaki, Timo (2015). “Regional Cooperation and Joint Development: Speech That Acts And Action That Speaks”, in, eds., Ashgate, Farnham, 2014.: Speech That Acts And Action That Speaks. In: Wu, S. and Zou, K., eds. Non-Traditional Security Issues and the South China Sea:. Farnham: Ashgate, pp. 17–31.
Kivimäki, Timo (2014). Long Peace of East Asia. Routledge.
Kivimäki, Timo (2012a). Can Peace Research Make Peace. Lessons in Academic Diplomacy. Ashgate, Adlershot.
Kivimäki, Timo (2012b). “Sovereignty, hegemony, and peace in Western Europe and in East Asia.
Kivimäki, Timo (2012c). “The ASEAN Charter and the De-Securitization of Interstate Disputes in Southeast Asia” Asian Security 7(2).
Kivimäki, Timo (2012d). “Democracy, Autocrats and U.S. Policies In the Middle East”, Middle East Policy, Vol. XIX, No. 1, Spring, pp. 64–71.
Kivimäki, Timo (2011a). “East Asian relative peace and the ASEAN Way” International Relations of the Asia Pacific Vol 11, 2011b, 57–85.
Kivimäki, Timo (2011b). Security and Peace in East Asia and the Asia-Pacific. Asian Security, July.
Kivimäki, Timo (2011c). What Price Democracy? How the West Could Learn From East Asia. Global Asia, December 2011.
References
Finnish academics
University of Copenhagen faculty
Living people
Academics of the University of Bath
Year of birth missing (living people)
Finnish expatriates in Denmark
Finnish expatriates in England
That's on Me may refer to:
"That's on Me" by rapper Yella Beezy, which reached number 56 on the Billboard Hot 100
"That's on Me", a 2019 song by country singer Jake Owen from his album Greetings from... Jake
Giuseppe Sartorio (Boccioleto Valsesia, Province of Vercelli, 1854 – Mar Tirreno, September 20, 1922) was an Italian sculptor.
Biography
He was born to a family of initially limited means, but his mother's family had enriched themselves trading in precious stones, and his father had been an able vintner. As a boy, Sartorio was apprenticed in Varallo Pombia with engraving sculptor Giuseppe Antonini. Later he continued his studies in the Albertina Academy in Turin under Odoardo Tabacchi. He won a stipend from the Collegio Caccia of Novara, and moved to Rome to attend the Academy of St. Luke, where he won many prizes, including his first, for a funerary shrine for the family Onnis-Devoto in Cemetery of Bonaria in Cagliari.
This work led to further work creating funerary monuments in Sardinia. He had two workshops, one in Cagliari, and a second one in Sassari. Not only performs funerary monuments but also completes: the statues of Saints Peter and Paul for the church of Cuglieri, the war memorial for Italian Independence in Cagliari, the Monument to Vittorio Emanuele II in Sassari, the statues of the three local benefactors of the parish church of Ittireddu, and others throughout Sardinia.
He was resident in Turin. He has completed busts in terra cotta and stucco. Among these Indovina? (Guess?) in 1881 at Milan. In 1884 at the Exhibition of Fine Arts in Turin, he displayed a marble group portrait, commissioned by signora Rosa Masarelli; Odalisque, and a stucco Study of Expression.
In 1897, he opened a studio in Rome, but soon moved back to Piedmont, as well as opening studios with assistants in Cagliari and Sassari. Among his church commissions were the statues of St Peter and Paul for Cuglieri, the Monument to the Fallen in the Wars of Independence in Cagliari; and a Monument to Vittorio Emanuele II in piazza Italia of Sassari, and three large statues of benefactors of a parish church of Ittireddu. Of the 235 monuments erected in the Cemetery of Iglesias, 65 are signed by Giuseppe Sartorio, and at least five others, are attributed to his workshop. The monuments in this cemetery include the monument to Zaira Deplano, a six-year-old, and a Monument to two sisters Luigina e Maddalena.
Sartorio disappeared mysteriously in September 1922 during an ocean passage on the steamer "Tocra" traveling from Newfoundland to Civitavecchia. He was never found, and his ultimate fate is unknown.
See also
List of people who disappeared mysteriously at sea
References
1854 births
1920s missing person cases
1922 deaths
19th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
Accademia Albertina alumni
Italian male sculptors
Missing person cases in Canada
People from the Province of Vercelli
People lost at sea
19th-century Italian male artists
Atlas of Hồng Đức, known in Vietnamese as Hồng Đức bản đồ sách (chữ Hán: 洪德版圖冊), sometimes called the Geography of Hồng Đức is a set of geographic maps of Dai Viet issued during the reign of Lê Thánh Tông, the 21st year of Hồng Đức era (1490). The atlas was made in the 8th year of Quang Thuận era (1467) when King Le Thanh Tong ordered the mandarins to draw maps from each province and send them to the Ministry of Households. The map was completed and issued in the 21st year of Hồng Đức era (1490). However, the original atlas was lost. The atlas presented the outline of the border and the administrative system of Dai Viet in the second half of the 15th century.
References
Geography of Vietnam
Atlases
1490 books
Emmanuel-Bernard-Philipe Frédéric Delbousquet, French poet and novelist, was born on 27 April 1874 in Sos, Lot-et-Garonne, on the borders of the great Landes de Gascogne and Armagnac, where he died on 20 May 1909. He devoted his short life to his inner passion to go horse riding, a subject which naturally became a recurring theme of his works, both in French and Occitan language.
Life
During his short stay in Toulouse in 1891, for the meeting of the group of literature L'Esquile, he founded with Louis Magre and Marc Lafargue the first poetic magazine of the school of Toulouse which appeared in March 1892 and was entitled Les Essais de Jeunes, later becoming L'Effort in March 1896. They asserted their originality by repudiating the romantic ressassement, the decadent and the Symbolists. He also collaborated with La France de Bordeaux, Télégramme de Toulouse, l'A me Latine, la Revue Provinciale, la Revue Méridionale, l'Ermitage, and the Midi Fédéral, a weekly newspaper that had all major southern writers as collaborators, including Laurent Tailhade, Emile Pouvillen, Louis-Xavier de Ricard and Jean Carrère.
Aware of a southern poetry renaissance, the young poet also unites around him the enthusiasm of Joseph Bosc, Jean Viollis, Maurice Magre. Back in Sos, he tried an autobiographical novel entitled Le Reflet, written in 1901, but at the last moment he refused to publish this work considered too clumsy and bombastic. Preferring to translate his land, he developed a script under a more colorful and impressionistic palette. Mindful about realism, his hardworking efforts to recover occitan as language of origin and remembrance, under the leadership of his friend and master Antonin Perbosc, he intersperses his romantic work with gascon terms and expressions. However, it was necessary to wait for the posthumous publication of his collection of poems entitled Capbat Lana by Antonin Perbosc in 1924, for one to see the birth of the félibre Delbousquet.
Literary works
En les Landes, preface by René Ghil, Melle, 1892
Eglogues, 1897
Le Mazareilh, Paul Ollendorff - Paris, 1901
Margot, Société provinciale d'édition - Toulouse, 1903
L'Écarteur, romance, Ollendorff - Paris, 1904. Reed. David Chabas, Capbreton, 1974
Miguette de Cante-Cigale, romance landais, Paris, 1908
Le Chant de la race, Poems 1893-1907, Paris, 1908
Contes de la lande gasconne, Paris, 1923
Capbat la Lana, dans l'estampèl de Antonin Perbósc, 1924
En Gascogne, Saint-Sever-sur-Adour, 1929
Le Renard, story collection published in La France de Bordeaux from 1905 to 1907, Garein (40420, Labrit) : Ed. Ultreïa, 1990
Œuvres complètes (Complete Works) Nérac : Amis du Vieux Nérac (Friends of Old Nerac), 5 vol., 2000-2002
Additional information
References
Attribution
This article is based on the translation of the corresponding article of the French Wikipedia. A list of contributors can be found there at the History section.
Sources
Nathalie Declochez, « L'inceste dans Le Mazareilh de Delbousquet. Provocation ou plaidoyer pour un passé ? », in Bulletin de la Société des Amis du Vieux Nérac, n° 27, 1999
Nathalie Declochez, préface des Contes, nouvelles et récits de la Lande et de la Gascogne, Amis du Vieux Nérac, 2000
Nathalie Declochez, « Emmanuel Delbousquet, écrivain impressionniste », in Emmanuel Delbousquet : actes du colloque Gabarret-Sos, 2001, t. V, Amis du Vieux Nérac et Société de Borda, Nérac, 2001
External links
L'Écarteur by Emmanuel Delbousquet at the Internet Archive
French Wikisource has original text related to this article: Emmanuel Delbousquet.
1874 births
1909 deaths
19th-century French novelists
20th-century French novelists
French poets
Occitan poets
French male poets
French male novelists
19th-century poets
19th-century French male writers
20th-century French male writers
French-language Occitan writers
Occitan-language Occitan writers
Mary Sinclair (born Ella Delores Cook; November 15, 1922 – November 5, 2000) was an American television, film and stage actress and “a familiar face to television viewers in the 1950s” as a performer in numerous plays produced and broadcast live during the early days of television. Sinclair was also a painter and had in her youth been a Conover model. Her husband, for a time, was Broadway producer and director, George Abbott.
Early life and modelling
Sinclair was born Ella Delores Cook and raised in San Diego, California. As a young woman she began modelling in Los Angeles, and in 1944, she left Hollywood for Manhattan, where she modelled for the Conover agency and acted in summer stock. "I was the arty type," she recalled in a 1951 interview with The New York Times. "I wanted to go to New York and be a real actress.”
Acting career
In New York City, she became friends with theater producer Hal Prince and theater producer, playwright and director George Abbott, her senior by thirty-five years, whom she married in April 1946 and divorced in 1951. And in the 1940s, she began to acquire experience as a freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years. But it was CBS board chairman William S. Paley who singled Sinclair out, in 1951, by giving her a seven-year contract with CBS, one of the first acting contracts granted by the network. The New York Times reported that she was the first dramatic actress "to enter video's incubator for hatching its own stars."
Television
" Ms. Sinclair usually played sweet, goody-goody characters on television. But not long after signing with CBS, she played quite different parts on three successive evenings: a vicious singer, a spiteful flapper and a libidinous shrew." "She was dazed by the number of men she had to kiss on-screen and said, 'I average two strangers a week.'"
Sinclair starred in the live drama programs popular in the 1950s such as Playhouse 90, Westinghouse Studio One, and The U.S. Steel Hour. She had guest roles on early series including The Untouchables, Peter Gunn, and Woman with a Past. And she starred in productions of Wuthering Heights, The Scarlet Letter and Little Women; also on the Sherlock Holmes television series with British actor, Ronald Howard. On November 14, 1950, Sinclair co-starred in "The Brush Off", an episode of Suspense.
She was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award in 1951. In total, Sinclair played in more than one hundred and twenty television shows and films during her career.
Film
The one major motion picture that Mary Sinclair acted in was Arrowhead made in 1953, starring Charlton Heston, Brian Keith and Katy Jurado, with Jack Palance as an Apache chief, in which she played Lela Wilson. Paramount wanted her to appear in other films but she explained that she preferred working in television and returned to New York.
A shift in focus to painting
In the 1960s, as her television career faded, although attending the Actors Studio in Manhattan, headed by Lee Strasberg, and appearing on the stage, Sinclair, in the main, retired from acting, and devoted most of her creative energies to painting. She studied with artist Fleur Cowles and specialized in oil canvases of flowers and animals, and portraits of friends.
Sojourn in Europe and a return
After leaving the U.S. and living in Italy for a few years, in the 1970s she returned to Los Angeles, where she directed local theater productions. Later she moved to Phoenix, Arizona and lived there until her death in 2000 at the age of seventy-seven.
Filmography
See also
Golden Age of Television
4th Primetime Emmy Awards
Studio One
Playhouse 90
CBS
Memories (The Twilight Zone)
Sherlock Holmes
The Web
List of Tales of the Unexpected episodes
References
External links
Filmography by Genre
New York Times
Los Angeles Times
Mary Sinclair at the University of Wisconsin's Actors Studio audio collection
Rusty White's Film World
Playbill
Moviefone
The Suspense of Suspense
American television actresses
1922 births
2000 deaths
Female models from Arizona
Actors Studio alumni
People from Manhattan
Actresses from Phoenix, Arizona
Actresses from Los Angeles
Actresses from San Diego
20th-century American actresses
Female models from California
In government and politics, inauguration is the process of swearing a person into office and thus making that person the incumbent. Such an inauguration commonly occurs through a formal ceremony or special event, which may also include an inaugural address by the new official.
The word inauguration stems from the Latin augur, which refers to the rituals of ancient Roman priests seeking to interpret if it was the will of the gods for a public official to be deemed worthy to assume office.
Public office
The inaugurations of public figures, especially those of political leaders, often feature lavish ceremonies in which the figure publicly takes their oath of office (sometimes called "swearing in"), often in front of a large crowd of spectators. A monarchical inauguration may take on different forms depending on the nation: they may undergo a coronation rite or may simply be required to take an oath in the presence of a country's legislature.
The "inaugural address" is a speech given during this ceremony which informs the people of their intentions as a leader. A famous inauguration speech is John F. Kennedy's.
Presidential inaugurations
Brazilian Presidential inauguration
Croatian Presidential inauguration
Irish Presidential inauguration
Philippine presidential inauguration
Russian presidential inauguration
United States presidential inauguration
See also
Coronation
Enthronement
Opening (disambiguation)
References
External links
Gaelic Inauguration
In 783, (姚令言), jiedushi of Jingyuan, and his 5,000 troops arrived in Chang'an (Xi'an, Shaanxi) on their way to fight Lǐ Xīliè (李希烈) in Henan. The troops mutinied in reaction to the poor treatment they had received, forcing Tang Dezong to flee Chang'an. After installing Zhū Cí (朱泚), an ousted general, as emperor, the rebels were defeated by Lǐ Shèng (李晟) in 784.
References
Mutinies
Rebellions in the Tang dynasty
783
Military history of Shaanxi
Abulafia may refer to:
Abulafia (surname), Sephardic Jewish surname
Todros ben Joseph Abulafia (1225 – c. 1285), prominent Sephardic Jew
Abraham Abulafia (1240 – c. 1291), kabbalist
the conspiracy-generating computer in Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum (named after Abraham Abulafia)
Meir Abulafia (Ramah), major 13th-century Sephardic rabbi
Hayyim ben Jacob Abulafia (1660–1744)
David Abulafia (born 1949)
Yossi Abulafia, author
Louis Abolafia (1941–1995), artist and candidate for the United States presidency during the 1960s
De verborum significatione libri XX ('Twenty Books on the Meaning of Words'), also known as the Lexicon of Festus, is an epitome compiled, edited, and annotated by Sextus Pompeius Festus from the encyclopedic works of Verrius Flaccus. Festus' epitome is typically dated to the 2nd century, but the work only survives in an incomplete 11th-century manuscript and copies of its own separate epitome.
Background
Verrius Flaccus was a prominent Roman grammarian known for his writings on the Latin language and for tutoring the grandsons of Caesar Augustus during his reign. He is best known for De verborum significatu, the name which Festus later adopted for his epitome, the first major alphabetical Latin dictionary. The 40-volume lexicon is regarded as among the most important such works of classical antiquity, though all but a few fragments of the original have been lost, perhaps in part due to its impractical size.
Sextus Pompeius Festus, also a grammarian, likely flourished in the later 2nd century and is thought to have come from Narbo in Gaul, though few details are known about his life. Festus wrote his epitome of Flaccus' works during a time in the history of the Roman Empire when greater priority was placed on defense after a long period of expansion. There was an anxious effort by many scholars to record their history and culture as means of preservation. Though another of Festus' books is mentioned in De verborum significatione, none of his other works have survived.
Festus' work originally contained 20 volumes. The only surviving copy is the Codex Farnesianus, an 11th-century copy in poor condition, missing the first half of its alphabetized entries and suffering fire damage. Much of what we know about it comes from a summary of the full original, abridged in the 8th century by Paul the Deacon (Paulus Diaconus) as a contribution to the library of Charlemagne. As Festus reduced Flaccus from 40 to 20 volumes, so did Paul condense Festus by roughly half, excising entries he considered unnecessary or redundant, modifying parts of the text he thought unclear or obscure, and stripping away details like citations.
Content
The entries in Festus' epitome are organized semi-alphabetically, grouped according to first but not following letters, and with some exceptions according to particular themes, arguments, or sources. Festus altered some of Flaccus' text and inserted some critical remarks of his own. He updated the language, omitting Latin words that had fallen out of use, and documented his modifications in the now lost separate work, Priscorum verborum cum exemplis.
Though it is a summary, Festus preserves a great deal of Flaccus' original work, including etymologies and definitions and the rich historical, religious, political, and cultural information the original De verborum significatione is known for.
In an 1880 essay about Flaccus, classical scholar Henry Nettleship criticized Festus' work as "an affair of scissors and paste, in which conceit and incompetence are perhaps equally blended". Other scholars, like Alessandro Moscadi, suggest understanding it as instead a work of independent scholarship.
Scholarship
When a copy of Paul's version was discovered by scholars at the Abbey of St. Gall in 1416, during the Italian Renaissance, it attracted a surge of renewed interest and study. The Italian humanists, who were enthusiastically seeking out and studying ancient Latin texts, made a number of significant contributions to the work, and several copies from the time still exist today.
De verborum significatione is a valuable resource for scholars studying language use, culture, religion, social life, and the broader history of Ancient Rome. It also provides insight into other Romans and their works which used, were used by, influenced, or were influenced by Flaccus' work. For example, Flaccus utilized Marcus Terentius Varro's lost Antiquitates rerum humanarum et divinarum (47 BCE), while Pliny the Elder drew a great deal from Flaccus for his highly influential Naturalis historia (c. 77 CE). Among the other authors Festus cites are Lucius Accius, Cornificius, Sulpicius Rufus, Gaius Ateius Capito, and Ennius.
Festus included many quotations and citations from authors for whom it serves as the only record of their work. For others, such as Plautus, whose work would otherwise be known only through copies and quotations made much later, Festus provides verification or highlights the ways in which it had been altered.
The Festus Lexicon Project at University College London is collating the fragments that remain of Festus' work and republishing them with translations. The project's aims are to provide public access to the work and to encourage study of both the work itself and the subjects it covers.
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Sexti Pompei Festi De Verborum Significatu quae Supersunt cum Pauli Epitome - Wallace Lindsay's authoritative 1913 version (via Hathi Trust)
Other versions
1889 edition edited by Emil Thewrewk (via the Internet Archive)
1839 edition (via the Internet Archive)
1474 editions (via the Internet Archive)
2nd-century Latin books
Latin dictionaries
Latin encyclopedias
Ancient Roman culture
History of Rome
Encyclopedias in classical antiquity
Sarah Childress Polk (September 4, 1803 – August 14, 1891) was the first lady of the United States from 1845 to 1849. She was the wife of the 11th president of the United States, James K. Polk.
Well educated in a successful family, Sarah met her future husband at a young age. They never had children of their own, though they did foster relatives. Socially keen and well informed, Sarah helped her husband's career with her hosting skills and advised him on political matters at times, though she stayed out of the public limelight. Following her husband's death in 1849, Sarah had a 42-year widowhood, the longest of any First Lady.
Early life and education
Sarah Childress was born in 1803 to Elizabeth Whitsitt and Joel Childress, a prominent planter, merchant, and land speculator—the third of their six children. She was well educated for a woman of her time and place, attending the exclusive Moravians' Salem Academy in Winston-Salem, North Carolina in 1817, one of the few institutions of higher learning available to women in the early 19th century.
Sarah Childress met James K. Polk while both were receiving instruction from Samuel P. Black at his house in Murfreesboro, Tennessee; he was 19, she was 12. They would be formally introduced in the early 1820s with Polk's involvement with the State Legislature. Shortly after he began courting her. Legend says Andrew Jackson called her "wealthy, pretty, ambitious, and intelligent," and urged Polk to marry her. In 1823 the two became engaged, and on January 1, 1824, Sarah Childress, aged 20, married James Polk, aged 28, at the plantation home of the bride's parents near Murfreesboro.
They remained married for 25 years, but never had children. This is often attributed to the bladder stone surgery Polk had as a young man, which is thought to have made him sterile. They were the only presidential couple to never have children while together, biologically, adopted or from previous marriage. They raised a nephew, Marshall Tate Polk (1831–1884), as their ward for a few years before James sent him to a school in Washington, D.C. and later Georgetown University. After her husband's death, Sarah would foster her great-niece, Sarah Polk Fall (1847–1924).
Years of political life (1825–1849)
During his political career, Polk assisted her husband with his speeches, using her insight to guide his outlines and provide needed assurance. She accompanied her husband as often as she could whenever he made trips to Washington and made sure to take an active political role. She even copied down his correspondence and developed notable social skills. Mrs. Polk was not a woman who chose to proclaim her sentiment openly, striving to maintain a humble demeanor. It was her husband himself who declared that his most active supporter and critique was his wife. She also gave him advice on policy matters and played an active role in his campaigns. Mrs. Polk maintained correspondence with national leaders gaining access to global issues that were relevant to her husband's campaign. She was one of the first president's wives to take an active role in her husband's electoral process and campaign itself. Not only did she keep up with this measure of communication, but she also wrote for a local newspaper expressing her support for Jame's Polk's administration and his proposed policy initiatives. One of the more controversial topics she was able to write about was on the idea of expansionism which delved into the concept of manifest destiny pertaining to the United States' rights as a sovereign power. In Washington as a congressman's wife during the administrations of John Quincy Adams, Andrew Jackson, and Martin Van Buren, Polk very much enjoyed her social duties. Mrs. Polk was a religious woman who openly refused to dance, attend horse races, or theater. She took great pride in being a sociable woman but maintained a great sense of integrity. Though she did not drink herself, she made sure to serve a decadent palate of drinks and assorted foods during promotional dinners being the queen of hospitality. She was a woman who "enjoyed wide popularity as well as deep respect". In 1830 she risked a breach with Jackson, her husband's mentor, by taking part in the social ostracism of Peggy Eaton, during the Petticoat affair, although she continued to greet Eaton, unlike Vice President John C. Calhoun's wife, Floride Calhoun, and most of the cabinet members' wives.
In 1845, Sarah Polk became the 11th First Lady of the United States. She was lively, charming, intelligent, and a good conversationalist. President Polk at times discussed policy matters with her. While she enjoyed politics, she also cautioned her husband, whose health was never robust, against overwork. A devout Presbyterian, as First Lady she banned dancing, card games, and hard liquor at official receptions. Unlike Julia Tyler's waltzes, the Polk entertainments were sedate and sober affairs which earned the First Lady the nickname "Sahara Sarah". Although some accounts stated that the Polks never served wine, a Congressman's wife "recorded in her diary details of a four-hour dinner for forty at the White House—glasses for six different wines, from pink champagne to ruby port and sauterne, 'formed a rainbow around each plate.'"
Later life
After attending the inauguration of Zachary Taylor on March 4, 1849, Polk and her husband left by horse and carriage to their new home, Polk Place, in Nashville, Tennessee. Upon arriving in Tennessee, to Polk's disappointment, Polk Place was not yet fully finished or completed. They then went from Nashville to Columbia to spend two weeks with her mother-in-law before going to spend a few days in Murfreesboro with her family before returning to Nashville. Three months later, James Polk died of cholera, having had the shortest retirement of any U.S. president. He was 53 years old. Polk remained in Polk Place throughout these later years of her widowhood rarely leaving, becoming a bit of a recluse. She did not start hosting guests until a few years after her husband's death. She hosted distinguished and popular guests throughout her widowhood, such as Abram Hewitt, Edward Cooper, John C. Calhoun II, John Catron, George Bancroft, among numerous others, including Presidents Rutherford B. Hayes and Grover Cleveland.
Once widowed, Polk unofficially adopted a grandniece, Sarah Polk Jetton, nicknamed "Sallie" (1847–1924), and saw her as her own daughter. After Polk's niece died, she was brought to live with Polk. They lived together in Nashville until Polk's death in 1891 at the age of 87.
Polk faced small financial difficulties throughout her widowhood. Her primary form of income was coming in through a plantation she inherited from her husband. She was forced to sell the plantation before the Civil War in 1861. Later she received money through her younger brother John Childress. Starting in 1884 the United States government granted Sarah a pension of $5,000 a year until her death.
During the American Civil War, Polk was officially neutral, but she indicated sentiments in favor of preserving the Union during periodic visits to her home by several Union Army commanders, including Don Carlos Buell, George Henry Thomas, Ulysses S. Grant, and William Tecumseh Sherman. However, as a traditional Southern woman she also gave mention to Confederate sympathies during visits from Confederate generals in Nashville where Sarah would spend over 42 years of her widowhood. Sarah Polk lived at Polk Place for 42 years, the longest widowhood of any US first lady, and always wore black as a true Victorian widow. She visited her brother at his Childress-Ray House in Murfreesboro, whose daughter was married to Tennessee Governor John C. Brown. She also frequently visited her close friend Adelicia Acklen at Belmont.
Death
Polk died on August 14, 1891, at age 87, less than a month before her 88th birthday. She was buried next to her husband originally at their home in Nashville and was later reinterred with him at the Tennessee State Capitol when Polk Place was demolished in 1901. Polk left the contents of Polk Place to her grandniece, Sarah Polk Fall.
References
Original text based on White House biography
Sarah Polk
Further reading
External links
Sarah Polk at C-SPAN's First Ladies: Influence & Image
1803 births
1891 deaths
19th-century American women
19th-century Presbyterians
American Presbyterians
American slave owners
First Ladies and Gentlemen of Tennessee
First Ladies of the United States
People from Murfreesboro, Tennessee
Sarah Polk
People from Nashville, Tennessee
Burials in Tennessee
Salem Academy alumni
American women slave owners
In live entertainment, there are several possible schemes for the seating assignment of spectators—including completely unassigned seating. There are several schemes which are most commonly used, though there are no hard and fast rules and alternate or modified schemes are sometimes used as is suitable to the event.
Reserved seating
In a purely reserved seating (also known as allocated seating or assigned seating) scheme, each ticket is assigned a specific seat in the venue at the time of purchase. Seats are typically identified by row number/letter, seat number, and sometimes by section.
Reserved seating is the most common scheme used for large indoor venues such as stadia, arenas, and larger theatres. It is also common at other venues, as are other seating schemes, such as outdoor amphitheatres.
General admission
In a general admission (also known as open seating or free seating) scheme, each spectator has a ticket. However, the location from which they will watch the event is determined upon arrival at the venue. General admission is most commonly employed in seat-less venues, such as outdoor festival shows and smaller club shows. It is also sometimes used in seat-less sections of events that would otherwise have reserved seating (standing-room only sections, including the floor section(s) at some concerts). In some general admission events, a ticket may still assign the holder a specific section of the venue (e.g., balcony or floor), with the choice of seat within that section.
General admission can also refer to a scheme in which seating is available; however, it is not pre-assigned. Typically in this scheme, seat selection is on a first-come, first-served basis. A common example of this scheme is most movie theatres in the United States.
General admission events may be ticketed with no assigned seat number, or it may be purely first-come, first-served, in which the first certain number of people in line are admitted (either as a free event, or paying at the door/gate). Due to the first-come, first-served nature of the seating selection, line-ups may still form for pre-ticketed events.
Festival seating
Festival seating typically refers to the form of general admission (first-come, first-served) in which there is a large open area (generally outdoors) and all spectators must stand (unless they are permitted to bring their own portable seating). Many music acts use festival seating because it allows the most enthusiastic fans to get near the stage and generate excitement for the rest of the crowd. Some performers and bands insist on a festival seating area near the stage.
On December 3, 1979, the Riverfront Coliseum in Cincinnati, Ohio, was the site of one of the worst rock concert tragedies in United States history. Eleven fans were killed and several dozen others injured in the rush for seating at the opening of a sold-out concert by The Who. The concert was using festival seating. When the crowds waiting outside heard the band performing a soundcheck, they thought the concert was beginning and rammed the still-closed doors, trampling those at the front of the crowd.
The tragedy was blamed on poor crowd control, mainly the failure of arena management to open enough doors to deal with the crowd outside. As a result, concert venues across North America switched to assigned seating or changed their rules about festival seating. Cincinnati immediately outlawed festival seating at concerts, although it overturned the ban on August 4, 2004, since the ban was making it difficult for Cincinnati to book concerts. (In 2002, the city had made a one-time exception to the ban, allowing festival seating for a Bruce Springsteen concert; no problems were experienced.) Cincinnati was the only city in the U.S. to outlaw festival seating altogether.
Lawn seating
"Lawn seating" refers to a seating method where concert-goers sit on the grass in the rear of the venue. Attendees can sometimes bring their own chairs, or rent them from vendors at the concert.
See also
Place card
Seating capacity
Seating plan
References
Further reading
Assig
The child-saving movement emerged in the United States during the nineteenth century and influenced the development of the juvenile justice system. Child savers stressed the value of redemption and prevention through early identification of deviance and intervention in the form of education and training.
Humanitarianism and altruism were not the only motivating factors for the child-savers. There are suggestions that an additional and perhaps overriding aim was to expand control over poor and immigrant children.
The child savers were 20th-century progressive era reformers whose intent was to mitigate the roots of child delinquency and to change the treatment of juveniles under the justice system. These women reformers organized in 1909 to stem the tide of 10,000 young offenders who passed annually through the city's court system. The greatest accomplishment of the child savers was the creation of the first juvenile court which appeared in Cook County, Illinois in 1899. This court was founded on two principles both highly advocated by the Child Savers. These two principles were formed on the basis that "juveniles were not ready to be held accountable for their actions" and "that they were not fully developed and could rehabilitate easier than adults". This issue of juvenile delinquency was a big issue between the 19th and the 20th centuries, therefore the contributions of the child savers, both good and bad are evident in their history. Also the establishment of juvenile courts in cities across the United States was one of the earliest social welfare reforms of the Progressive Era, and represented a major change in the way in which the law dealt with wayward children. The essence of the juvenile court idea, and of the juvenile court movement, is the recognition of the obligation of the great mother state to her neglected and errant children, and her obligation to deal with them as children and wards, rather than to class them as criminals and drive them by harsh measures into the ranks of vice and crime.
Results of the child savers
The child savers received both positive and negative feedback for their activism. On the one hand they were heavily criticised for being too radical, while on the other they were praised for their revolutionary efforts. Nonetheless, the child savers brought about a new realization of humanism throughout this time period. Within Hull House that Jane Addams formed went forth with a commanding reform movement, thus defying middle class standards of appropriate behavior for women. America responded to the terrible ills of juvenile delinquency largely because of Jane Addams push to change their social justice. The Juvenile Protective Association, the first juvenile court in the United States, and a Juvenile Psychopathic Clinic. By the twenties, the leading edge of child protection had shifted from the Youth Justice Court to welfare agencies, and the JPA moved with it and now located on the North Side, the JPA continues to serve as a vital center of social work and advocacy on behalf of child and family welfare in Chicago.
Positive outcomes
A major activist among the child savers was Jane Addams. She put forth many contributions from her work with the child savers including the first Hull House which was one of the first settlement houses as well as a woman's sociological institution. Another contribution is the invention of the Juvenile Protective Association (JPA). This institution was also established by Jane Addams which functions as a social welfare agency. Thus the understanding gained by the Hull House residents in acting as probation officers further persuaded that the existing system as regards children was inadequate and inconsistent. Followed by Jane Addams, Elizabeth Clapp established Chicago Woman's Club, in 1876 as traditional materialists. She describes their efforts as volunteer matrons in the city jail and police stations and as volunteer probation officers or social workers in court, their creation of a jail school and a charitable boarding school for neglected children. Clapp's work is valuable for demonstrating the formative, if informal, role women have played in advocacy for children.
Negative effects
Although there were many positive outcomes to result from the child savers movement, there were also many misfortunes. Many scholars believe that the child savers promoted altruism and guidance but then others say: "the child savers should in no sense be considered libertarians or humanists". This is based on the research that the indiscriminate arrest, indeterminate sentencing, military drill, and hard labor were the concrete results of their reforms. Another problem was that the child savers tried to promote liberating the 'delinquent' children from the capitalism movement that wished to stem the "militant" wave through a new political economy, which resulted in tighter supervision and control from adults. According to Anthony Platt, the child-saving movement came from the upper and middle classes who were instrumental in incorporating new methods of social control on a large immigrant class—the immigrant class was seen as inferior to the typical Protestant white ethic that comprised most of the US.
References
Bibliography
"Child or Adult? a Century Long View". PBS Frontline. PBS. 29 March 2008.
Hefner, Keith. "The Child Savers." Prohosting. FPS. 29 March 2008.
Krisberg, Barry, and James F. Austin. Reinventing Juvenile Justice. Newbury Park: Sage Publications, 1993.
Platt, Anthony M. The Child Savers; the Invention of Delinquency,. Chicago: University of Chicago, 1969.
Roach Anleu, S (1995) Lifting the lid: Perspectives on social control, youth crime and juvenile justice. In Simpson, C & Hill, R eds, Ways of Resistance: Social Control and young people in Australia. Hale and Iremonger, Sydney, pp. 22–45.
Platt, Anthony M. The Child Savers: The Invention of Delinquency. Michigan Law Review, Vol. 68, No. 4 (Mar. 1970)
Platt, Anthony M. "Child Savers." University of Chicago Press, Chicago. Second Edition 1977.
Clapp J. Elizabeth. Mother of all Children: Women Reformers and the Rise of Juvenile Courts in Progressive Era America, The Historical Review, Vol 105, No. 1
Clapp J. Elizabeth. The Chicago Juvenile Court Movement.
Willrich, Michael. City of Courts: Socializing Justice in Progressive Era Chicago. 2003.
Juvenile law
Social history of the United States
The Rangers Ride is a 1948 American Western film directed by Derwin Abrahams and written by Basil Dickey. The film stars Jimmy Wakely, Dub Taylor, Virginia Belmont, Riley Hill, Marshall Reed and Steve Clark. The film was released on April 26, 1948 by Monogram Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Jimmy Wakely as Jimmy Wakely
Dub Taylor as Cannonball Taylor
Virginia Belmont as Sheila Carroll
Riley Hill as Vic Sanders
Marshall Reed as Barton
Steve Clark as Jed Brant
Pierce Lyden as Sgt. Hamon
Jim Diehl as Payson
Milburn Morante as Bullard
Cactus Mack as Tom Murphy
Bud Osborne as Rocky
Bob Woodward as Bob
Carol Henry as Kelly
Boyd Stockman as Shayne
References
External links
1948 films
American Western (genre) films
1948 Western (genre) films
Monogram Pictures films
Films directed by Derwin Abrahams
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Kay Tremblay (13 March 1914 – 9 August 2005) was a Canadian film actress, also appearing on television and theatre. She was best known for her Gemini Award-winning role of Great Aunt Eliza on Road to Avonlea.
Biography
Born in Scotland, she began her career with the George Ballachine Ballet at Theatre Royal in London. Tremblay arrived in Canada after her marriage and began her Canadian artistic career in 1954.
Kay Tremblay lived in a thatched cottage at 46a high street, Flore, Northants, UK, from the 1960s. She named the property "The Farthings" as she said this was all she had left after she purchased it.
Career
Her Canadian career was namely in television, but she worked briefly at the Stratford Festival from 1989 to 1990. She won a Gemini Award in 1997 for Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Supporting Role in a Dramatic Series in Road to Avonlea, and a Gemini nomination in 1989 for Best Guest Performance in a Series by an Actor or Actress in Night Heat.
Death
Tremblay died on 9 August 2005 at the age of 91.
Filmography
External links
CBC Arts: Aunt Eliza of 'Road to Avonlea' dies at 91
Kay Tremblay
1914 births
2005 deaths
Canadian film actresses
Canadian television actresses
Canadian stage actresses
Best Supporting Actress in a Drama Series Canadian Screen Award winners
Actresses from Glasgow
People from Stratford, Ontario
Hugo Zehder was a German artist who became a prominent publisher of art journals in Dresden following the First World War. He launched the Neue Blätter für Kunst und Dichtung (The New Journal for Art and Literature) in May 1918. Zehder was an early member of the Dresdner Sezession and placed the journal at its service.
His play Der zweite Schuß was made into a film, The Second Shot in 1943.
References
20th-century German architects
German male writers
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
This is a list of episodes for the television series HaShminiya.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2005)
Season 2 (2006)
Season 3 (2006–07)
Season 4 (2013)
Season 5 (2014)
External links
Lists of Israeli drama television series episodes
Lists of science fiction television series episodes
Apalus bimaculatus, the early blister beetle, is a species of blister beetle from the family Meloidae. It is the type species of the genus Apalus.
Description
This species is a long predominantly black beetle which has distinctive yellow-orange elytra each with a single black dot near the posterior end of each elytron. The females have a swollen abdomen and some of its segments are yellowish in colour.
Distribution
Apalus bimaculatus is a widespread species over much of Europe, as far north as southern Scandinavia although it is absent from Great Britain.
Habitat and biology
Apalus bimaculatus occurs in sandy area such as coastal dunes and riparian floodplains as well as being found in man made habitats such as sand pits and sand quarries. It is a cleptoparasite of the solitary bee Colletes cunicularius. The adults of this beetle emerge early in the spring to mate and to lay their eggs near the nesting aggregations of their host bee. They are short-lived and the females die after mating and the eggs hatch from the body of their mother and the larvae crawl out of the protection of their mother's corpse. The first instar of larvae, the triungulins, are thought to be phoretic and to be carried to the host's nest by attaching themselves to the adult bees when they emerge from their natal nests in the spring, although this has not been conclusively demonstrated in A. bimaculatus. The triungulins do however react to the secretions of the adult host bees, orienting their movements towards them and this may be the first stage of being carried to the nest. Once in the nest they consume the pollen stores of the bee as well as any unhatched eggs or larvae and overwinter to emerge in the early Spring.
Conservation status
Globally Apalus bimaculatus is not regarded as threatened or endangered and in Scandinavia this species is regarded as Least Concern in Sweden, although in the past it has been assessed as "at risk" or "near threatened". Local populations are considered to be vulnerable to human development and programmes of translocation have been used to conserve populations of both the beetles and the nesting aggregations of Colletes cunicularius they used to host their larvae. In Norway it was similarly regarded as being rare but has since been shown to be quite common in the south with at least 20 populations known, one reason for its apparent scarcity is that it in the Spring it emerges very early, earlier that most entomologists.
References
Meloidae
Beetles described in 1761
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The Visitor is an album by Mick Fleetwood, released by RCA Records in 1981. All the songs were recorded in Accra, Ghana between January and February 1981 at the "Ghana Film Industries, Inc. Studio" and produced by Richard Dashut, and were later mixed in various studios in England.
Two of the tracks were covers of Fleetwood Mac songs: "Rattlesnake Shake" was originally recorded for the 1969 album Then Play On, and "Walk a Thin Line" first appeared on the 1979 album Tusk. Peter Green sang lead vocals and played lead guitar on "Rattlesnake Shake", and was credited as Peter Greenbaum. George Harrison appeared on "Walk a Thin Line".
The album has been re-released several times, most recently with a US CD release by Wounded Bird Records on October 18, 2011.
George Hawkins, who performs most of the lead vocals on this album, later appeared on the'm Not Me album from 1983 as a member and co-lead vocalist of Mick Fleetwood's Zoo.
Track listing
Charts
Personnel
Mick Fleetwood – drums, percussion; water gong on "Don't Be Sorry, Just Be Happy"
George Hawkins – vocals, bass guitar, piano, organ; guitar on "Walk a Thin Line"
Todd Sharp – lead guitar, rhythm guitar
Lord Tiki – hand drums
Ebaali Gbiko – hand drums, backing vocals
Accra Roman Catholic Choir – backing vocals
Superbrains – percussion
Adjo Group – vocals, percussion
The Ghana Folkloric Group – vocals, percussion
Guest Musicians
Peter Green – lead guitar and lead vocals on "Rattlesnake Shake", theme guitar on "Super Brains"
George Harrison – slide guitar, 12-string guitar and backing vocals on "Walk a Thin Line"
Ian Bairnson – lead guitar on "Not Fade Away", rhythm guitar on "Cassiopeia Surrender"
Richard Dashut – additional percussion on "Rattlenake Shake"
Sara Fleetwood – backing vocals on "Walk a Thin Line"
Mike Moran – Prophet 5 synthesizer on "The Visitor"
Andrew Powell – string arrangement on "Rattlesnake Shake" and "You Weren't in Love"
Credits
Executive producer – Mickey Shapiro
Produced by Mick Fleetwood and Richard Dashut
Engineered by Bill Youdelman, Randy Ezratty, and Richard Dashut
References
External links
Entry at Fleetwoodmac.net
Entry at Discogs.com
Mick Fleetwood albums
1981 debut albums
RCA Records albums
Albums produced by Mick Fleetwood
Albums produced by Richard Dashut
Song recordings produced by Richard Dashut
Glen Lyon () is a glen in the Perth and Kinross region of Scotland. It is the longest enclosed glen in Scotland and runs for from Loch Lyon in the west to the village of Fortingall in the east.
This glen was also known as An Crom Ghleann ("The Bent Glen"). The land given over to the MacGregors was . It forms part of the Loch Rannoch and Glen Lyon National Scenic Area, one of 40 such areas in Scotland, which are defined so as to identify areas of exceptional scenery and to ensure its protection from inappropriate development by restricting certain forms of development. Sir Walter Scott described Glen Lyon as the "longest, loneliest and loveliest glen in Scotland". Apart from a few scattered farms and cottages throughout the glen, the only real settlements are at Fortingall and Bridge of Balgie.
The Glen contains several small hamlets and has a Primary school where Gaelic is taught weekly.
History
Quite densely inhabited from prehistoric times (as many archaeological sites attest), though its present population is of modest size, the glen has been home to many families, including MacGregors, Lyons, Menzies, Stewarts, Macnaughtans, MacGibbons and the Campbells of Glen Lyon. At the end of the eleventh century the de Leons (later shortened to "Lyon") had come north with Edgar, son of Malcolm III of Scotland to fight against his uncle, Donald Bane. Edgar was victorious and the de Leons received lands that were later called Glen Lyon in Perthshire. Glen Lyon is a corruption from the Gaelic "lithe" meaning "flood", a frequent state of the River Lyon. Robert Campbell of Glenlyon (1630–1696), led the detachment of government troops responsible for the infamous Glencoe Massacre, of the MacDonalds of Glencoe in 1691. A magnificent silver-gilt brooch set with precious stones belonging to the Campbells of Glen Lyon (that has been dated to the early 16th century) is currently in the collection of the British Museum.
Glen Lyon, also written Glenlyon, has been the home of (among others) early Christian monks (including Adomnán [locally Eonán] (died 704), Abbot of Iona and biographer of St Columba), warriors, literary figures, explorers, castles (Meggernie Castle [still inhabited] and Carnbaan [ruined]) and arguably the best cattle in Scotland. Its history is described in Alexander Stewart's A Highland Parish (1928), and Duncan Campbell's The Lairds of Glenlyon (1886).
Book of Lismore
James MacGregor, parish priest of Fortingall in the early 16th century, compiled the Book of the Dean of Lismore, the most important surviving collection of medieval Scottish Gaelic poetry. His Chronicle, covering local events in a mixture of Scots and Latin, is also extant, and is an important historical source for the central Highlands.
Gallery
References
Glens of Scotland
Protected areas of Perth and Kinross
National scenic areas of Scotland
Valleys of Perth and Kinross
Patrick "Paddy" Bourke is an Irish Independent politician.
He was elected as a Labour Party councillor for the Artane area in 1991. He was an unsuccessful candidate for the Seanad in 1997. He lost his seat at the 1999 local elections but was re-elected at the 2004 local elections.
He served as Lord Mayor of Dublin from 2007 to 2008. He resigned from the Labour Party in 2013 because of concerns about the government budget. He was re-elected as an independent councillor for the Beaumont-Donaghmede area in 2014.
Bourke has been reappointed to the Commissioners of Irish Lights having been first appointed in 2007, and again in 2009-2014. He is chairperson of the City of Dublin Education Training Board and a member of the governing body of DIT. He also serves as a member of the Midland and Eastern Regional Assembly and is a reserved member of the Education and Training Boards Ireland., chairing the Board of Colaiste Dhulaigh College of Further Education and Marino College.
Bourke lost his seat on Dublin City council in the 2019 council election
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Independent politicians in Ireland
Labour Party (Ireland) politicians
Lord Mayors of Dublin
Local councillors in Dublin (city)
Mangowal Sharqi ( lit. East Mangowal) is a village situated near Jalalpur Jattan cantonment in the district of Gujrat, Pakistan. It is the third-largest village in the district. The village is situated at bifurcation leading to Tanda and Karianwala.
The history of the village is not well known. According to local traditions, this village is about 300 years old and was founded by the son of a Hindu Jutt.
See also
Mangowal Gharbi
References
Villages in Gujrat District
Halych National Nature Park () highlights forest, steppe, meadow and wetlands of the borderlands between the Ukrainian Carpathians and the southwestern part of the East European Plain. The park lies in the administrative district of Ivano-Frankivsk Raion in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast in western Ukraine.
Topography
The park is situated in the foothills of the northern slope of the Carpathian Mountains. The park's territory is a patchwork of 16 tracts along the Dniester River, and up into the hills along several large tributary rivers.
Climate and ecoregion
The official climate designation for the Halych area is "Humid continental climate – warm summer sub-type" (Köppen climate classification Dfb), with large seasonal temperature differentials and a warm summer (at least four months averaging over , but no month averaging over . The average temperature in January is , and in July is . Annual rainfall is , with 70% falling in the warm months.
Flora and fauna
Halych NNP is on the border of two important ecoregions – the Central European mixed forests ecoregion and the Carpathian montane forests ecoregion. Because of the mixing of flora and fauna in such a transition zone, the park exhibits great biodiversity. About 70% of the park is forested, and an additional 15% is wetland. The forest cover is primarily oak-hornbeam and oak-beech.
Public use
The park features extensive trails for hiking and ecological education. There is a nature museum on the grounds ('The Nature of Galician Earth') in Halych (Galicia-Gora 1). It has 199 exhibits, including dioramas of local habitats, and displays of over 180 animals. The park also sponsors an animals rescue center to care for sick or injured wildlife, which the public may visit. There is a small fee for entry to park, and for use of trails and selected attractions.
See also
National Parks of Ukraine
References
External links
National parks of Ukraine
Antioch is an unincorporated community in Craighead County, Arkansas, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Craighead County, Arkansas
Unincorporated communities in Arkansas
To Kill a King is the eponymous second studio album by English band To Kill a King. It was released in March 2015 under Xtra Mile Recordings.
Track listing
References
2015 albums
Xtra Mile Recordings albums
Bruce Lee: Return of the Legend is a 2003 action beat 'em up developed by Vicarious Visions for the Game Boy Advance. It was first published and released in Europe by Vivendi Universal Games on March 21, 2003, and was later published and released in North America on March 28, 2003.
Gameplay
Player controls the well-known martial artist and movie actor, Bruce Lee, who plays the role of Hai Feng, a martial arts student, whose master was murdered by the hands of the Yakan organisation, making him run out for revenge. The side-scrolling beat 'em up was developed to play like a Bruce Lee movie, where players can make Bruce Lee perform several of his well-known moves between cut scenes that tell the compelling story, and fights set in original, yet familiar, landmarks. Players also can use Bruce Lee's abilities to flip-kick up ledges to higher ground or flip characters over his shoulder to knock out those behind him. The game will have the player fighting various enemies from all four sides of the screen, while exploring each level for various weapons such as nunchuks, while completing tasks to complete the level, such as finding a certain number of keys or saving hostages to defeating every enemy that is thrown at the player.
Reception
Bruce Lee: Return of the Legend received "generally favorable" reviews, according to review Metacritic.
IGN gave it an overall score of 8.4 out of 10, stating that it is "extremely solid, with well designed levels and a decent challenge all the way through." They also stated that the stealth portions "still seem out of place in a side-scroller, but they're not too disjointed in Bruce Lee." They concluded it to be the best Bruce Lee video game to date.
References
External links
Bruce Lee: Return of the Legend (Browser Version)
2003 video games
Beat 'em ups
Bruce Lee video games
Game Boy Advance-only games
Game Boy Advance games
Universal Interactive games
Video games about revenge
Video games developed in the United States
Ron Merkerson (born August 30, 1975, in Clarksville, Tennessee) is a former American football linebacker.
Merkerson attended Ed W. Clark High School in Las Vegas before playing football at the University of Colorado. Merkerson was the Nevada Gatorade State Player of The Year, his senior year in high school. Merkerson was drafted by the New England Patriots with the 145th overall pick (5th round) in the 1998 NFL Draft.
Merkerson was placed on injured reserve his rookie year because of leg surgery. He was waived in September 1999, and signed late that year to the Seattle Seahawks. Merkerson signed with the New Orleans Saints in 2000. In 2001, Merkerson signed on to play in XFL and was 2nd in that league for tackles, including 3 sacks with the New York/New Jersey Hitmen. The linebacker played the 2002 season with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
References
1975 births
Living people
People from the Las Vegas Valley
People from Clarksville, Tennessee
Colorado Buffaloes football players
New England Patriots players
New Orleans Saints players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
New York/New Jersey Hitmen players
Ravin v. State, 537 P.2d 494 (Ak. 1975), was a unanimous decision by the Alaska Supreme Court. Decided on May 27, 1975, the Court held that the Alaska Constitution's right to privacy protects an adult's ability to use and possess a small amount of marijuana in the home for personal use. The Alaska Supreme Court thereby became the first—and only—state or federal court to announce a constitutional privacy right that protects some level of marijuana use and possession.
History
It was brought about by Irwin Ravin, an attorney who deliberately got arrested in Anchorage for refusing to sign a traffic ticket while in possession of marijuana in order to challenge the existing law. Ravin felt that the case was more about privacy, saying
<blockquote>Marijuana has never been an issue for me. The fight was always for privacy, our territory and now state has traditionally been the home of people who prize their individuality and who have chosen to achieve a measure of control over their own lifestyles which is now virtually unattainable in many of our sister states.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.homernews.com/stories/041410/news_1_003.shtml |title=Friends, family pay tribute to man who fought for individual's right to privacy Michael Armstrong, Homer News, 4-14-10 |publisher=Homernews.com |access-date=2011-04-20}}</ref></blockquote>
The court ruled:
Subsequent law
Alaskan voters approved a ballot initiative recriminalizing marijuana possession in 1990, but in Noy v. State'', the Alaska Court of Appeals held that ballot initiatives are subject to the same constitutional limitations as legislative enactments, and thus the portion of the amended statutes criminalizing possession of less than four ounces of marijuana in the home was unconstitutional. In June 2006, the Alaska Legislature amended the law to prohibit the possession of more than one ounce of marijuana and to make possession of more than one ounce of marijuana a class A misdemeanor. In July 2006, Juneau Superior Court Judge Patricia Collins struck down the law, ruling it unconstitutional. In April 2009, in a 3-2 ruling, the Supreme Court of Alaska vacated the lower court's ruling, finding that the plaintiffs lacked standing to sue in the first place.
In November 2014, Alaskan voters approved a ballot measure to legalize the possession and sale of marijuana, regulating it in a manner similar to alcohol sales.
Notes
References
External links
1975 in Alaska
1975 in United States case law
1975 in cannabis
Alaska state case law
Legal history of Alaska
United States controlled substances case law
Cannabis law in Alaska
Jean-Louis Clerc (3 November 1908 – 28 March 1961) was a Swiss painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1908 births
1961 deaths
20th-century Swiss painters
Swiss male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Neuchâtel
20th-century Swiss male artists
Bhawani Mandir (Temple of Goddess Bhawani) was a political pamphlet penned anonymously by Indian nationalist [[arvin Ghosh)) in 1905. The pamphlet was created at the time of partition of Bengal and penned during Aurobindo's career in the Baroda State service. The pamphlet ostensibly called for the establishment of an order of monkhood which would build a temple the Hindu Mother Goddess Bhawani (or Shakti) who was intended to represent the nationhood of India, and dedicate themselves to service in her name. It drew inspiration from Anandamath, an 1882 novel by Bengali author Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay set in the backdrop of the Monk's rebellion early in the history of East India Company's settlements in Bengal. However, departing from Anandamath, which only portrays the land as the holy mother, Aurobindo explicitly associated the identity of Goddess Bhawani to the concept of nation. Authors such as Jussi Hanimaki and Bernhard Blumenau argue this was intended to link the symbolism and messages of Anandamath, widely read in Bengal, to the symbolism of Maratha king Shivaji who was widely admired in Maharashtra.
References
.
.
.
Anushilan Samiti
Sri Aurobindo
Revolutionary movement for Indian independence
1905 in India
Yuanjiawaornis is an extinct genus of large enantiornithean bird known from the early Cretaceous of present-day China. It is monotypic, with only type species Y. virisosus known.
History of Discovery
In 2005, near the village of Yuanjiawa, near the town of Dapingfang in Chaoyang in western Liaoning province, the fossil of a bird was unearthed. Exceptionally, this was done by a paleontologist and not by the illegal fossil trade, which poaches by far the majority of fossils in the area.
In 2015, the type species Yuanjiawaornis viriosus was named and described by Hu Dongyu, Liu Ying, Li Jinhua, Xu Xing and Hou Lianhai. The genus name connects the name of the finding site with the Ancient Greek ornis, "bird". The species name means "powerful" in Latin and refers to its relatively large body size.
The holotype, 'PMOL AB00032, has been found in the Yuanjiawa strata of the Jiufotang Formation dating to the Aptian, about 120 million years old. It consists of a skeleton without a skull, flattened on a plate. Apart from the skull, the cervical vertebrae, the frontal vertebrae, and most of the phalanges of the fingers and toes are missing. The fossil is largely in bandages, although the pelvis has shifted. Nothing of the plumage has been preserved, which is exceptional for bird fossils from Liaoning. However, the pelvis is partly covered by what appears to be a layer of preserved soft tissue. It is probably a young adult specimen. It is part of the collection of the Paleontological Museum of Liaoning, which also collected and prepared it.
Description
Size and distinguishing characteristics
Yuanjiawaornis is a remarkably large species. Most enantiornithines are sparrow- or starling-sized birds, but Yuanjiawaornis must have had a wingspan of nearly half a metre. The femur has a length of forty-three millimetres. That makes the species about the same size as Zhouornis and only slightly smaller than Pengornis, considered to be a giant among the Chinese enantiornithines from the Lower Cretaceous.
No autapomorphies, unique derived features of Yuanjiawaornis, could be determined. However, there was an unusual combination of non-unique characteristics. The body size is large. The wings and hindlimbs are roughly the same length. The synsacrum shows a longitudinal groove on the underside instead of ridges. The last vertebra of the sacrum has robust and long lateral protrusions, rather than the penultimate vertebra. The scapula has a processus acromialis that tapers obliquely to the front and above. The lateral edge of the coracoid is straight instead of convex. The branches of the wishbone turn towards each other, tapering instead of running parallel with a widening. The sternum has an oval profile, while the outer posterior protrusions are slightly widened at their tip instead of having an angular profile or strongly widened protrusions. The head of the humerus is flat rather than convex or concave. The deltopectoral crest of the humerus passes downward gradually into the shaft rather than abruptly.
Skeleton
The fossil preserves seven vertebrae. These have spinous processes with tips touching each other. The sacrum is fully fused to a synsacrum that has been detached from the fossil and is clearly visible from the underside. Its convex anterior facet is wider than that of the middle sacral vertebrae, but the latter is not extremely transverse. The authors pay special attention to the fact that while in older theropods the middle of the sacrum is widened to bear the weight, it is narrower in enantiornithines. The synsacrum has a sharp longitudinal groove over its entire underside. The lateral protrusion of the posterior sacral vertebrae is robust but not extreme. The base of the tail consists of six amphictic "free" vertebrae with long lateral protrusions directed backwards. The tip is fused into a short tapering pygostyle.
On the scapula, the processus acromialis is angled upwards instead of running in line with the blade, if the element is held horizontally, as was indeed the case in the living animal. The protrusion is about as long as the shoulder joint facet. On the wishbone, the branches make an angle of 45° with each other, whereas 60° is normal for relatives. Because the outer edge of each branch is hollowed out, the branches are much narrower at the top than at the bottom; in some relatives this is the other way round. The thin upper edges continue over the hypocleidium so that this protrusion has a cross-section like an inverted T.
The fact that the branches are tapered does not mean that there is a weak connection with the scapulae: the top of the tip has a swelling and the processus acromialis of the scapula protrudes with its tip into a concave facet in that bulge, a morphology unique to Yuanjiawaornis. The sternum is wider than long, with a convex leading edge. The sword-shaped protrusion at the centre of the hind edge is wider than the protrusions at the outer corners; in most relatives, they are the same width. All three protrusions project to the rear at about the same distance. The outer protrusions are only slightly broadened at their ends, while they usually end in a fan shape. The intermediate protrusions at the rear edge are remarkably well developed. They end in a point and curve slightly inwards.
Arm and hind leg have approximately the same length as in most Enantiornithes. That the upper surface of the humerus is flat is quite exceptional, but that the deltopectoral ridge gradually passes into the shaft is quite normal. The ulna is slightly longer than the humerus at fifty-three millimetres. The straight and half as wide radius has a groove on the side of the interspace with the ulna, as do some relatives. The hand is not fused in the holotype, a sign that it was a young adult specimen.
The lower leg forms a fused tibiotarsus over five centimetres long. On the tibia is a prominent crista fibularis. The fibula is relatively short, lying along with the upper 30% of the tibia and ending in a tapering point below. The first metatarsal is P-shaped in internal view and not curved around the longitudinal axis. The second metatarsal is the widest element of the metatarsal and clearly longer than the fourth metatarsal. At the lower hinge joint of the third metatarsal, the inner edge projects more strongly towards the sole side than the outer edge, as in Soroavisaurus and Neuquenornis. The fourth metatarsal has no hinge joint but ends in a rounded tip that allows the toe more lateral freedom of movement. The first pedal ungual, which was directed backwards, is robust and strongly curved. Another preserved foot claw of uncertain position is straighter.
Phylogeny
No exact cladistic analysis of Yuanjiawaornis was published in 2015. The descriptors limited its phylogenetic position to a general Enantiornithes. They deduced this from the possession of several typical Enantiornithe features. The parapophyses, the facets for the lower rib heads, are centred on the sides of the vertebrae. The coracoid has a convex interface with the scapula and an upper groove. The wishbone is Y-shaped with a long anterior point (hypocleidium). The sternum has a parabolic leading edge and paired posterior lateral protrusions. The radius has a longitudinal groove on the side of the gap with the ulna. The second metatarsal is wider transversely than the third, which is wider than the fourth.
References
Early Cretaceous birds of Asia
Prehistoric bird genera
Early Cretaceous birds
Fossil taxa described in 2015
Enantiornitheans
Corryocactus brevistylus or is a species of columnar cactus found in Peru. It is most noteworthy for its exceptionally long and formidable spines, up to ten inches (25 centimeters) in length.
References
External links
brevistylus
Steen River is a settlement in northern Alberta within Mackenzie County, located on Highway 35, north of High Level. It is located about north of the Steen River, which eventually feeds into the Hay River. There is a meteorite crater near the settlement called the Steen River crater. In June 2019, the Jackpot Creek Fire burned through the area, which included the settlement.
Localities in Mackenzie County
FreedomPay is a company that provides payments platform as a service. It was founded in 2000 and is currently located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In early 2000, FreedomPay launched mobile payment "proof of concepts" with enterprises such as McDonald's, Bank of America and Visa. Later in 2004, FreedomPay delivered a closed loop payment system for stored value and voucher systems to the markets in the food service industry.
In 2007, FreedomPay developed a gateway for credit card processing (FreeWay) that captures detailed transaction data. That data can be mined for real time intelligence from disparate systems allowing merchants insight into their sales. Using that data FreedomPay launched a cloud-based platform as a service (PaaS) and a first generation incentives platform.
With the launch of the FreedomPay Commerce Platform in 2009, its customers could deliver those incentives in real time to consumers' mobile phones and enable mobile payments. All of this technology, is based on an open architecture and is protected by high-level security.
In 2013, FreedomPay was selected by Microsoft as its commerce platform partner for the global banking and retail sectors.
In 2014, FreedomPay earned PCI validation for its point-to-point encryption solution (P2PE). FreedomPay was the first fully functional platform solution in North America to achieve PCI validation, including support for NFC and EMV payments.
Products
FreedomPay Commerce Platform
The FreedomPay platform is a commerce solution including mobile payment capabilities, high-level security, incentive technologies, and business intelligence that integrate with live POS systems.
Mobile payments and incentives
The mobile application connects consumers' smartphones to the FreedomPay commerce platform at physical merchants. In addition to allowing mobile payments through the use of QR codes, the mobile app delivers targeted incentives, replaces loyalty cards, and provides access to electronic copies of receipts.
Merchants utilizing the FreedomPay Commerce Platform have the ability to create offers and loyalty programs. These offers can target users based on a number of criteria, including purchase history as well as user-input information. Users within the merchant-chosen distance can see active incentives within the mobile application, and apply them to their bill at checkout.
The FreedomPay platform allows users to automatically accrue loyalty points. Loyalty rewards are also more flexible. For example, a user could redeem points for a discounted meal, or accrue more points and redeem for a vacation day. Points can also be awarded by financial institutions.
Business Intelligence
FreedomPay Business Intelligence is a piece of the Commerce Platform, and provides real-time analysis of business transactions for merchants utilizing the FreedomPay Commerce Platform. Merchants are able to view detailed business reports online and in real time, allowing perspective on their retail practices and effectiveness of individual incentives and programs.
Stored Value
FreedomPay Stored Value is a cashless payment solution, providing corporate clients such as universities, hospitals, and corporate cafeterias with an option for stored value spending. According to the US Treasury, a Stored Value proponent, the benefits of a program like this are the speed provided, flexibility in funding, POS integration, and data collection.
FreedomPay Stored Value cards allow contactless payments and mobile payments at payment terminals.
Funding options include automated funding through bank accounts, credit/debit cards, and payroll deduction, and manual funding using those as well as cash and check. Integration with most major POS systems keeps FreedomPay Stored Value system adoption costs at a minimum.
The online portal for Stored Value allows FreedomPay clients to use that information for a number of purposes, from distributing basic monetary-value vouchers to rewards based on eating habits.
Partnerships
FreedomPay maintains partnerships with enterprises including:
Microsoft
MICROS
Ingenico
PTC
ScanSource
Digital Dining
First Data
HID
Guckenheimer
Compass Group
Sodexo
Global Payments
NCR
Aramark
Compass Group
References
Payment service providers
Companies based in Philadelphia
American companies established in 2000
2000 establishments in Pennsylvania
Port Royal is an unincorporated community in north-eastern Henry County, Kentucky, United States.
Location
The community's center is the intersection of State Highway 193 and Cane Run Road. "Port Royal is ten miles north-east from New Castle and one mile from the Kentucky River."
The elevation is 823 feet (251 m).
The ZIP code is 40058.
Demographics
At the census of 2010 the population of ZIP Code Tabulation Area 40058, which is centered on Port Royal, was 64.
At the census of 2000 it was 79.
Notable resident
Port Royal has a notable resident, the writer Wendell Berry. His fictional community of Port William is based on Port Royal.
References
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Henry County, Kentucky
Louisville metropolitan area
Cyrtodactylus karsticolus is a species of gecko endemic to the South Garo Hills of Meghalaya, India, especially the Rongara Siju area.
References
Cyrtodactylus
Reptiles described in 2021
South Garo Hills district
Lovett Shaizer Purnell (born April 7, 1972), is a former American football tight end in the National Football League. Purnell attended Seaford High but graduated from Valley Forge Military Academy and College in Wayne, Pennsylvania before attending West Virginia University. After graduating from WVU, he was selected in the 7th round (216th overall) by the New England Patriots in the 1996 NFL Draft. A member of the Patriots from 1996–1998 and Baltimore Ravens in 1999, Purnell tallied 19 career receptions for 159 yards and 5 touchdowns in 36 career games (7 starts).
"I'm going to try to be Lovett Purnell and go out there and play the best way I can."
As a WVU Mountaineer, Purnell tallied 78 catches, 1161 yards and ten scores. He was named MVP of the 1995 season, which led to his seventh-round selection in the NFL Draft by New England. During four NFL seasons with the Patriots and Baltimore Ravens, Purnell played in 36 games, catching 19 passes for 159 yards and five touchdowns.
After the 1999 season with the Baltimore Ravens, Purnell quietly stepped away from on-field competition. Post-NFL, Lovett found tremendous success in the telecommunication industry in Tampa, FL where he currently resides. Whether on the field, or in the corporate world, Lovett has always had the reputation of being an all-around nice guy and team player.
The Delaware Sports Museum and Hall of Fame inducted Purnell in 2007.
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
1972 births
Living people
American football tight ends
Baltimore Ravens players
Chicago Enforcers players
New England Patriots players
West Virginia Mountaineers football players
People from Seaford, Delaware
Players of American football from Delaware
Valley Forge Military Academy Trojans football players
These are the partial results of the athletics competition at the 1983 Mediterranean Games taking place between 12 and 16 September 1983 in Casablanca, Morocco.
Men's results
100 meters
Heats – 12 SeptemberWind:Heat 1: +3.6 m/s, Heat 2: +0.5 m/s
Final – 12 SeptemberWind: +0.1 m/s
200 meters
Heats – 13 SeptemberWind: Heat 1: +1.0 m/s, Heat 2: +0.6 m/s
Final – 15 SeptemberWind: +3.2 m/s
400 meters
Heats – 12 September
Final – 13 September
800 meters
Heats – 15 September
Final – 16 September
1500 meters
12 September
5000 meters
16 September
10,000 meters
12 September
Marathon
16 September
110 meters hurdles
16 SeptemberWind: +5.2 m/s
400 meters hurdles
Heats – 12 September
Final – 12 September
3000 meters steeplechase
15 September
4 x 100 meters relay
16 September
4 x 400 meters relay
16 September
20 kilometers walk
High jump
16 September
Pole vault
15 September
Long jump
15 September
Triple jump
13 September
Shot put
Discus throw
15 September
Hammer throw
13 September
Javelin throw
Decathlon
12–13 September
Women's results
100 meters
Wind: +0.7 m/s
200 meters
Wind: +2.8 m/s
400 meters
Heats
Final
800 meters
Heats – 13 September
Final – 13 September
1500 meters
16 September
3000 meters
13 September
100 meters hurdles
Wind: +0.5 m/s
400 meters hurdles
12 September
4 x 100 meters relay
16 September
4 x 400 meters relay
16 September
High jump
13 September
Long jump
12 September
Shot put
Discus throw
Javelin throw
Heptathlon
15–16 September
References
Mediterranean Games
1983
The red-collared myzomela (Myzomela rosenbergii) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is found in New Guinea. The long-billed myzomela (M. longirostris) of Goodenough Island was formerly considered conspecific, but was split as a distinct species by the IOC in 2021.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
red-collared myzomela
Birds of New Guinea
red-collared myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Provincial Road 392 (PR 392) is a provincial road in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It runs from an intersection with Highway 39 to an intersection at Poplar Avenue in Snow Lake. The route was first constructed in 1961, along with spurs to Osborne Lake and Chisel Lake. The route was designated in 1966, along with PR 393 and PR 395 running from the Canadian National Railway station at Wekusko to Snow Lake. The route was truncated in 1994 back to Highway 39 and the stretch from Highway 39 to Wekusko station was re-designated as PR 596.
Route description
PR 392 begins at an intersection with Highway 39 in the town of Snow Lake. A two-lane gravel road, PR 392 runs northward past a western tributary of Wekusko Lake. The route winds northward, paralleling the shore of Tramping Lake into a large curve along Wekusko shoreline. During the curve, PR 392 bends northwest and enters Wekusko Falls Provincial Park. The route crosses a tributary of Tramping Lake that drains into Wekusko Lake. The route bends westward past an intersection with two dirt roads before turning northeastward along Wekusko Lake.
Leaving the shores of Wekusko Lake, PR 392 turns northward and into an intersection with the western terminus of PR 393, which connects to Osborne Lake. The route passes west of the community of Stall Lake. The route bends northwestward into an intersection with the eastern end of PR 395, a connection to Chisel Lake. PR 392 crosses a tributary of Snow Lake, and turns westward along the shoreline, entering the center of the town of Snow Lake. The route intersects with Lakeshore Drive, which connects the southern section of Snow Lake. Paralleling Wekusko Drive, PR 392 turns northwestward and reaches an intersection with Poplar Avenue. Provincial maintenance ends at this intersection, marking the end of PR 392, which continues as Cedar Avenue through Snow Lake.
History
The segments that would later become part of PR 392 was completed as a gravel road from modern-day Highway 39 to the current terminus in Snow Lake. A portion of modern-day Highway 39 was a gravel road, as well as a spur to the Canadian National Railway's station at Wekusko. PR 392 was designated onto the segments from Wekusko station to Snow Lake in 1966, along with spurs that became PR 393 and PR 395. A concurrency was also added with PR 391, which was designated in 1966 as well.
In 1987, the designation of PR 391 was truncated back to Thompson and replaced with Highway 39. The concurrency with PR 392 remained however, connecting Wekusko and Snow Lake. In 1994, the designation of PR 392 was truncated back to Snow Lake and Highway 39 and the stretch to Wekusko station was re-christened as PR 596.
Junction list
References
External links
Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation website
392
Dimitrije "Mita" Tucović (, ; 13 May 1881 – November 1914) was a Serbian theorist of the socialist movement, politician, writer and publisher. He was founder of the Serbian Social Democratic Party, with the writings, he participated in many newspapers and magazines: Radnicki novine, Zhivot, Borba, Radnicki list, Sloboda, Tergovački pomoci, Radnik, Die Neue Zeit, Vorwärts, Gllas sloboda, Radnicki kalendari, Majski spisi.
Tucović devoted his entire life to fighting for workers' and human rights, gender equality, universal suffrage, social justice and civil liberties in the Kingdom of Serbia. Some of the ideas that he advocated as a pioneer, today are widely accepted values in contemporary Republic of Serbia.
Life
Dimitrije Tucović was born 13 May 1881 in the Gostilje village on Mount Zlatibor, near Čajetina.
Dimitrije Tucović was already an adherent to socialist ideas when he came to Belgrade in 1899 to finish high school. He agitated for socialism with Radovan Dragović, who was a big influence on him. In 1901, the Belgrade Workers' Society was renewed and Tucović recreated a socialist group of gymnasium students and became one of the leaders of the Society. He attempted to create modern unions.
In 1902 he organised student demonstrations in the Senate against Nikola Pašić. With Tucović's and Dragović's help, the "Panel for Movement Leadership" was created again and they made the "Central Committee", with a goal of setting the grounds for creating a party. Tucović led the March demonstrations against King Aleksandar Obrenović on 5 March 1903. He was forced to emigrate to Zemun in the neighbouring Austria-Hungary, and afterwards to Vienna.
On 2 August 1903, the Social-Democratic Party was formed, with Dimitrije Tucović and Dragiša Lapčević as one of the leaders. The editor of their newspaper, "Worker's Newspaper" was Tucović. During the Second Congress of a workers union SSDP (1904), Tucović gave a lecture on union organisations. In polemics with the left wing of the party, headed by Dragiša Lapčević, Tucović often adopted a centralist and right-opportunist positions.
In 1906, he graduated from the University of Belgrade's Law School. After coming back from Berlin, he gave up on his doctorate and started spending his time in socialist and labour movement, as a secretary of SSDP.
Tucović was the organizer and leader of the first Balkan Socialist Conference, held in Belgrade from 7-9. January 1910, aimed at creating a Balkan federation.
In 1910, the party established a theory magazine Borba – Tucović was the editor. He participated at the International Socialist Congress in Copenhagen the same year and gave an important speech criticizing the position that Austrian social-democrats took on the national issue, especially the Austro-Hungarian annexation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. In a debate with Karl Renner he pointed out the colonial-enslaving politics of Austro-Hungary and the fact that social-democrats were supporting the government on the issue.
After the outbreak of the Balkan wars 1912, he was mobilized in the Serbian army and participated in the Serbian military campaign in Albania. He sent letters from the front about war crimes against civil population which were regularly published in the Worker's Newspaper. Writing of the massacres of Albanians during the Serbian takeover of Kosovo from Turkey (1912), he stated:
After returning from the Balkan war, he published his influential book Serbia and Albania: A Contribution to the Critique of the Conqueror Policy of the Serbian Bourgeoisie, which analyzes the roots of Serbian-Albanian conflict and consider "among the most important Marxist contributions on the national question in the Balkans".
He died on the frontlines in World War I at Vrače Brdo. He died as a member of Morava division in November 1914 in a Battle of Kolubara against Austro-Hungarian army at Ljig's bank. In 1915, Leon Trotsky wrote about the political impact of his death:
The Slavija Square in Belgrade used to be named after him. He has streets named after him in Skopje, Užice, Belgrade, Kragujevac, and many other cities and towns of former Yugoslavia.
Selected works
Union Organization (Sindikalne organizacije) 1904.
Unions and Party (Sindikati i partija) 1904.
Austria-Hungary in the Balkans (Austro-Ugarska na Balkanu) 1908.
Labor Law and Social Democracy (Zakon o radnjama i socijalna demokratija) 1908.
The labor movement in Serbia (Radnički pokret u Srbiji) 1909.
Balkan Conference (Balkanska konferencija) 1910.
First Balkan Social Democratic Conference (Prva balkanska socijaldemokratska konferencija) 1910.
The Albanian question (Albansko pitanje) 1910.
War and Peace (Rat i mir) 1910.
Women's liberation (Oslobođenje žene) 1910.
Tactics and action (Taktika i akcija) 1910.
Bourgeois and proletarian Serbia (Buržoaska i proleterska Srbija) 1911.
Marx and Slavs (Marks i Sloveni) 1911.
Serbia and Albania (Srbija i Arbanija) 1914.
Notes
References
.
External links
Review of “Serbia and Albania” by Dimitrije Tucovic, (extract of the book)
Dimitrije Tucovic, Austro-Marxism and the Annexation of Bosnia and Herzegovina: A Letter to Karl Kautsky, February 1909.
Dimitrije Tucović, Texts on annexation of Bosnia by Austria-Hungary in 1908, in Andreja Živković and Dragan Plavšić (eds), "The Balkan Socialist Tradition and the Balkan Federation 1871-1915", "Revolutionary History", London, 2003.
Dimitrije Tucović, The First Balkan Social Democratic Conference, March 1910.
Dimitrije Tucović: Serbien und Albanien: ein kritischer Beitrag zur Unterdrückungspolitik der serbischen Bourgeoisie
Tucovićevo pismo o zločinima srpske vojske nad Albancima
1881 births
1914 deaths
People from Čajetina
Serbian journalists
Serbian politicians
Serbian people of World War I
Serbian military personnel of World War I
Serbian military personnel killed in World War I
Serbian socialists
University of Belgrade Faculty of Law alumni
Royal Serbian Army soldiers
Socialism in the Kingdom of Serbia
Anti-Albanian sentiment
20th-century journalists
CJD (Christliches Jugenddorfwerk Deutschlands) is a German Christian nonprofit organization. The organization was founded in 1947 by Christian pastor Arnold Dannenmann. CJD is an organisation that deals with youth, education and social work. Over 155,000 young people and adults every year get the chance to benefit from expert training, professional development, and support for their specific life situations. CJD's "broad range" of education, training and development programs helps primarily young with learning difficulties, such as dyslexia, or behavioral problems. In addition, the organization assists former drug addicts, migrants, refugees, drop-outs, chronically ill, highly gifted, people with physical and mental disabilities, socially disadvantaged, young offenders and youth with a past experience of violence.
Sources
External links
Website of the CJD e.V.
Youth organisations based in Germany
1947 establishments in Germany
Non-profit organisations based in Baden-Württemberg
Figure skating at the 1980 Winter Olympics took place at the Olympic Center Arena in Lake Placid, New York, United States.
Medal table
Participating NOCs
Twenty nations sent figure skaters to compete in the events at Lake Placid.
Results
Men
Note: Soviet officials withdrew Kovalev from the competition after he placed 5th in compulsory figures.
Referee:
Sonia Bianchetti
Assistant Referee:
Elemér Terták
Judges:
Alice Pinos
Walburga Grimm
Tatiana Danilenko
Ramona McIntyre
Alain Calmat
Britta Lindgren
Sally-Anne Stapleford
Elfride Beyer
Tsukasa Kimura
Jacqueline Kendall-Baker (substitute)
Ladies
Referee:
Benjamin T. Wright
Assistant Referee:
Donald H. Gilchrist
Judges:
Wolfgang Kunz
Ludwig Gassner
Kinuko Ueno
Charles U. Foster
Radovan Lipovšćak
Leena Vainio
Giorgio Siniscalco
Ingrid Linke
Markus Germann
Sergei Kononykhin (substitute)
Pairs
Medal favorites Tai Babilonia / Randy Gardner were forced to withdraw before the competition due to an injury to Gardner.
Referee:
Hermann Schiechtl
Assistant Referee:
Oskar Madl
Judges:
Walburga Grimm
Hugh C. Graham Jr.
Alain Calmat
Dennis McFarlane
Jacqueline Kendall-Baker
Milan Duchón
Elfriede Beyer
Kinuko Ueno
Sergei Kononykhin
Ludwig Gassner (substitute)
Ice dance
Referee:
Lawrence Demmy
Assistant Referee:
Edith Shoemaker
Judges:
Wolfgang Kunz
Virginia LeFevre
Igor Kabanov
Gerhardt Bubník
Pál Vásárhelyi
Rudolf Zorn
Suzanne Francis
Brenda Long
Lysiane Lauret
Tsukasa Kimura (substitute)
References
External links
Official Olympic Report
Results of Winter Olympics (archived)
1980 Winter Olympics (with links to all figure skating results)
1980 Winter Olympics events
1980
1980 in figure skating
International figure skating competitions hosted by the United States
Paranda, a village in Maharashtra, India
Paranda Tahsil, tehsil in Maharashtra, India
Paranda Fort, a fort in Maharashtra, India
Paranda (music)
Punjabi paranda, a hair accessory worn by women in Punjab, India
Parranda, a Puerto Rican music tradition
The painted comber (Serranus scriba) is a species of marine ray-finned fish, a sea bass from the subfamily Serraninae, classified as part of the family Serranidae which includes the groupers and anthias. It is found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean, the Mediterranean Sea, and the Black Sea. Confusingly, a synonym of this species is Perca marina, but that name (as Sebastes marinus) has incorrectly been used for a separate species, the rose fish.
Description
The painted comber has a laterally compressed, elongate body with a pointed snout. The dorsal fin has 10 spines and 4-16 soft rays and the anal fin has 3 spines and 7-8 soft rays. The caudal fin is truncate. It has a very large mouth for its size, which has many sharp teeth, and is protractile. The overall colour may be grey, purplish or reddish with 5-7 dark brown bars on the flanks. The head is marked with many narrow, wavy blue lines and red blotches. The dorsal, anal and caudal fins are marked with red dots. There is a diffuse, purplish-blue blotch in the middle of the body. The pelvic and pectoral fins are normally uniform pale yellow. The maximum recorded fish measurement is , although is more typical.
Distribution
The painted comber is found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean where its core range extends from the Straits of Gibraltar to Senegal, including the Canary Islands but it occurs as far north as the Bay of Biscay. Its range extends into the Mediterranean and Black Seas.
Habitat and biology
The painted comber occurs over rocky bottom and among beds of Posidonia at depths of . It normally spends the day sheltering in rocky caves and is normally either solitary or found in small groups. It emerges at dusk to hunt. It is a carnivorous species which is a territorial ambush hunter and has a diet made up of cephalopods, bivalves, crustaceans, fishes, and worms. It is often used to indicate sites occupied by octopuses as it waits at the entrance scavenging the octopus's discarded parts of shellfish. The spawning season runs from late spring to early summer with the eggs being laid under stones near the shore. It is a synchronous hermaphrodite, i.e. each individual has both male and female gonads and may be capable of self-fertilisation. They have a maximum life expectancy of 16 years.
Parasites
The painted comber, like most fishes, is host to a variety of internal and external parasites and these include the copepods Lernanthropus scribae, Caligus scribae and Anchistrotos laqueus; an isopod Gnathia sp.; a monogenean Protolamellodiscus serranelli; and two species of digeneans Helicometra fasciata and Lecithochirium musculus.
Taxonomy
The painted comber was first formally described by Linnaeus in the 10th Edition of his Systema Naturae published in 1758 as Perca scriba.
Human use
The painted comber is landed by artisanal fisheries using hook and line and trawls. It is said to have palatable flesh and can be prepared using a variety of cooking methods.
References
External links
painted comber
Fauna of Macaronesia
Marine fauna of North Africa
Fish of the Mediterranean Sea
Fish of the Black Sea
painted comber
painted comber
The chestnut-sided warbler (Setophaga pensylvanica) is a New World warbler. They breed in eastern North America and in southern Canada westwards to the Canadian Prairies. They also breed in the Great Lakes region and in the eastern United States.
Etymology
The genus name Setophaga is from Ancient Greek ses, "moth", and , "eating", and the specific pennsylvanicus means "Pennsylvania".
Migration range
These birds are migratory, wintering in Central America south to northern Colombia, with a confirmed sighting from as far south as Ecuador; they are also very rare vagrants to western Europe. They arrive in their breeding range in May and depart by mid-September.
Description
This species is a moderately-sized New World warbler. Despite having very different plumage, it is thought to be closely related to the widespread yellow warbler. In total, this species measures from in length and spans across the wings. Body weight ranges from . Among standard measurements, the wing chord is , the tail is , the bill is and the tarsus is .
In the summer, male chestnut-sided warblers are unmistakable in appearance. They display dark-streaked gray backs, white faces, black eyestripes and yellow crowns. Their underparts are white, with chestnut flanks, and they also have two white wing bars. The adult females resemble washed-out versions of the summer male, and in particular, the females lack the strong head pattern, and also have little to no chestnut coloring on their flanks.
Non-breeding birds of both sexes have bright yellow-green crowns, white eye-rings on a grey face, and unstreaked underparts. They also have unstreaked pale grey breasts. Their wing bars are always present in their plumages. Their lack of streaking and yellowish backs help to distinguish this species from the larger blackpoll warbler in the fall.
Sound
The songs are high whistled lines often described as pleased, pleased, pleased to MEECHA. This accented song is used primarily to attract a female and decrease in frequency once nesting is well under way. Males also sing unaccented songs (without the MEECHA at the end) and these are used mostly in territory defense and aggressive encounters with other males. Some males sing only unaccented songs, and they are less successful at securing mates than males that sing both songs. Their calls are harsh chips. Despite the fact that songs for courtship do not vary across small distances, songs for aggression are highly localized, a possible explanation being that female Chestnut-Sided Warblers disperse over long distances.
Breeding and habitat
The chestnut-sided warbler has benefited from the clearing of mature forests. They make use of the abundant second growth habitats. In the tropics where they winter however, the species occurs mostly in mature tropical rainforests. Their cup-shaped nests are placed in a low bush, which is usually located in young deciduous woodland or scrub. These birds lay 3–5 eggs that are creamy white or greenish with brown speckles in color. The nest is a small cup woven of bark strips, weed stems, grasses, and plant down. The nest is usually placed in a small crotch of a shrub or vertical tangle of vines no more than above the ground. This species is frequently parasitized by brown-headed cowbirds.
Population
This bird's numbers have increased as second growth forest became more common in the east in the late 19th century; their numbers have declined slightly since then.
Food
Chestnut-sided warblers are primarily insectivorous. They forage actively in shrubs and small trees, and sometimes will attempt to catch insects in mid-air. Most foraging consists of gleaning insects from foliage. They will include berries in their winter diets, such as those of Cymbopetalum mayanum; such trees can be used to attract wintering birds into gardens and parks.
References
External links
Chestnut-sided warbler - Dendroica Pensylvanica - USGS Patuxent Bird Identification InfoCenter
Chestnut-sided warbler species account - Cornell Lab of Ornithology
Chestnut-sided warbler at Animal Diversity Web
chestnut-sided warbler
Native birds of the Canadian Prairies
Native birds of Eastern Canada
Native birds of the Northeastern United States
Birds of Appalachia (United States)
chestnut-sided warbler
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Alfred Herbert Horsfall DSO (29 January 1871 – 26 November 1944) was an Australian military surgeon.
History
Horsfall was born at Fitzroy in Melbourne to headmaster Jonas Horsfall and Emily, née Nichols. He graduated from the University of Melbourne with a Master of Surgery in 1893 and soon moved to Newcastle, where he was appointed medical superintendent at Newcastle Hospital; he also became a local alderman and was elected president of the Newcastle Scientific Society. He was commissioned a lieutenant in the 2nd New South Wales Army Medical Corps Contingent in January 1900 and saw action during the Boer War, serving in the Orange Free State, the Transvaal and the Orange River Colony. He was mentioned in despatches and awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his service. After the war he returned to Newcastle. He married Gertrude Emily Stokes at Leichhardt in Sydney on 21 April 1903.
Horsfall continued to serve in the Medical Corps but he resigned as a major in 1914, enlisting in the British Territorial Army. He served in Greece and the Suez Canal during First World War, supervising the canal's sanitation and serving as surgeon specialist in Alexandria until January 1917, when he was sent to England as an invalid. He returned to active service in August, serving in Palestine until he was invalided again. He supervised the 82nd General Hospital in Salonika from March to October 1918. Following the end of the war Horsfall based himself in England but continued to travel widely. A staunch advocate of the British Empire, he published several pamphlets supporting migration and the Britishness of the dominions. He was in Australia from 1923 to 1926 (during which time he ran for the Australian House of Representatives as a Nationalist), and on returning to England he lectured for the Social and Political Education League. Horsfall died in London in 1944.
References
1871 births
1944 deaths
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Australian surgeons
Military personnel from Melbourne
Melbourne Medical School alumni
Australian Army soldiers
People from Newcastle, New South Wales
Polyortha niveopunctata is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Ecuador.
References
Moths described in 1905
Polyortha
Planche may refer to:
Planche (exercise), a bodyweight exercise
James Planché, British dramatist, antiquary and officer of arms
Jean Baptiste Gustave Planche (1808–1857), French art and literary critic
La Planche, a village in France
Planche, Haiti, a rural village in the Dame-Marie commune of Haiti
Yu Jingxi (), better known by his in-game name Misaya, is a Chinese retired professional League of Legends player. He played as the mid laner for Team WE from March 2011 until his retirement in December 2013. Following his retirement he became a streamer and one of the most well-known public figures in China's League of Legends scene.
Career
Misaya originally played Dota and competed at semi-professional tournaments, but quit the game after a brief unsuccessful career. Shortly after, he moved on to League of Legends with his close friends. His skillful play-style caught the attention of Team WE (then-known as World Elite), which he joined in March 2011 as their starting mid laner. Misaya and his team would go on to finish in the top eight at the Season 2 World Championship. He retired in December 2013 to focus on streaming and promoting League of Legends in China.
During his prime, Misaya was known for his prowess as the character Twisted Fate. A play involving the use of Twisted Fate's ultimate move "Destiny" to bait out enemy abilities after teleporting was named after him by fans.
Notable achievements
Personal life
Misaya married Yin Lanyi on October 5, 2018, and announced on the same day that Yin was expecting a child.
References
External links
Living people
1992 births
Team WE players
League of Legends mid lane players
Chinese esports players
The Yantrodharaka Hanuman Temple (also known as Pranadeva Temple), is a Hindu temple dedicated to Hanuman which is situated in the town of Hampi, Karnataka, India. The shrine of Yantrodaraka Hanuman was eulogised by Vyasaraya a Madhva saint. There is a temple dedicated to Lord Rama called Kodandarama Temple near the Hanuman temple which stands as an evidence of Rama's and Hanuman's union in this place. The temple is located at hill top on the banks of Tungabhadra River in Hampi, Karnataka. Legend also says that, Lord Rama and Hanuman met for the first time here on a hill called Malyavana hill.
Idol
Idol is depicted on a granite boulder. Hanuman is shown seated in padmasana within the center of Srichakra which is known as Yantra. His right hand is held in Vyakhyanamudra and the left hand is held in Dyanamudra. He wears Kiritamukuta, and other usual ornaments on body. Over yantra carvings of 12 monkeys holding tails of one another as they face backwards. It is a representation of the 12 days of prayers that Sri Vyasaraja did before the Lord blessed him.
Installation by Vyasaraja
The Yantrodharaka Hanuman idol has been installed by Sri Vyasaraja Tirtha. Vyasaraja has also composed a short hymn to this Lord, which is called Yantrodharaka Hanuman Stotra.
References
External links
About Yantrodharaka Hanuman Temple, Hampi
Hindu temples in Vijayanagara district
Hampi
Hanuman temples
15th-century Hindu temples
Eugene Myers, pen name E. C. Myers, is an American writer best known as the writer of the 2012 Andre Norton Award-winning Young Adult (YA) science fiction novel Fair Coin, and his 2014 YA hacktivist novel The Silence of Six. Myers is a graduate of the Clarion West Writers Workshop.
Works
Fair Coin (2012)
Quantum Coin (2012)
The Silence of Six (2014)
Against All Silence (2016)
A Thousand Beginnings and Endings (Contributing Writer) (2018)
RWBY: After the Fall (2019)
RWBY: Before the Dawn (2020)
RWBY: Fairy Tales of Remnant (2020)
RWBY: Roman Holiday (2021)
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
American science fiction writers
American writers of young adult literature
21st-century American male writers
Armour-piercing discarding sabot (APDS) is a type of spin-stabilized kinetic energy projectile for anti-armour warfare. Each projectile consists of a sub-calibre round fitted with a sabot. The combination of a lighter sub-calibre projectile with a full-calibre propellant charge allows for an increase in muzzle velocity compared to full-calibre rounds, giving the round increased armour-penetration performance. To further enhance their armour-penetration capabilities, APDS rounds typically feature a hardened core made from tungsten or another hard, dense material.
For a given calibre, APDS ammunition can effectively double the armour penetration of a gun when compared to full-calibre rounds such as AP, Armour-piercing Capped (APC), and Armour piercing Capped Ballistic Cap (APCBC) projectiles.
APDS-rounds were commonly used in large calibre tank guns up until the early 1980s, but have since been superseded by armour-piercing fin-stabilized discarding sabot (APFSDS) projectiles, which use fin-stabilization and can be fired from smoothbore guns. APDS rounds remain in use for small or medium calibres, such as in saboted light armour penetrator (SLAP) ammunition.
History and development
Armour piercing discarding sabot munitions were developed to increase penetrating performance of anti-tank projectiles by generating higher impact velocity. A larger projectile would require a completely new weapon system, but increasing velocity faced the limitation that steel armour-piercing (AP) projectiles shattered at velocities above about 850 m/s when uncapped. Tungsten carbide, with twice the density of steel, was seen as a solution, due to its greater hardness and ability to withstand shock and pressure, but its greater weight reduced velocity.
In the 1930s, to increase terminal velocity without increasing diameter, engineers working for the French Edgar Brandt company developed "saboted" ammunition, in which a heavier sub-calibre core was surrounded by a lightweight "sabot" (the French word for 'shoe'), that was retained for the duration of the flight until impact. They fielded two calibres; the 75 mm/57 mm for the 75mm Mle 1897/33 anti-tank gun and 37 mm/25 mm for several 37 mm gun types just before the French-German armistice of 1940, before evacuating to the United Kingdom, to join ongoing anti-tank ammunition development efforts there. The British term for this construction was "Armour-Piercing, Composite Rigid" (APCR)
While the sabot improved short range effectiveness, the additional drag caused the performance of the shot to fall off dramatically with increasing range. Between 1941–1944, Permutter and Coppock, two designers with the UK Armaments Research Department (ARD), developed a sabot that was discarded immediately after leaving the barrel, so the smaller, heavier, sub-projectile could carry on at the much higher velocity, suffering less drag due to its smaller diameter.
In mid-1944, the resulting APDS (the 'D' standing for "discarding") projectile type was introduced into service for the UK's 57mm QF 6 pounder anti-tank gun and later in September 1944 for the 76mm QF 17 pounder anti-tank gun.
Construction
Sabot construction
The sabot of a large calibre APDS consists of a light high strength alloy full diameter pot and base unit, which is screwed together. The front part of the pot has three-four petals (sabots) which are covered with a centring band (often a nylon derivative). The rear half has a rubber obturator and driving band (again nylon) held in place by the screw-in base unit. The base unit, if a tracer element is attached to the sub-projectile, has a hole located at the centre. Before firing, the sub-projectile and sabot are locked together.
Due to the high setback forces (g-forces), friction between the pot and sub-projectile allows spin to be transferred, thus stabilising the sub-projectile. Small/medium calibre APDS use a lightweight high strength alloy base pot and three or more plastic petals. To transfer the spin to the core in small/medium calibre weapons, the core tends to have a notch at its base. Under bore acceleration, which can be higher than 100,000 g, the uneven base is forced into the softer pot material, locking the sub-projectile to the pot and imparting spin.
Not all small/medium calibre APDS rely on this technique, another method for spin coupling is by using the forward plastic petals. The petals are of a slightly larger diameter than the lands in the rifled bore. This forces the petals tightly against the core, increasing the friction between them and allowing the spin to be transferred.
Projectile construction
The sub-calibre projectile consists of a high density core with a penetrating cap, enclosed within a high strength sheath (steel) with a lightweight alloy (aluminium-magnesium alloy) ballistic cap. For modern small/medium calibre APDS projectiles, the core is not sheathed and the ballistic and penetrating caps are combined. A tracer element may be added to the APDS sub-projectile, for large calibre weapons this is part of the outer sheath, for small/medium calibre weapons it is contained within a hollow cavity in, or attached to, the base of the core.
Most modern APDS projectiles use high strength shock resistant tungsten alloys. The main constituent is tungsten, alloyed or sintered with/to cobalt, copper, iron or nickel. Very few APDS use depleted uranium (DU) titanium alloy for the penetrator material, though the retired 20 mm MK149-2 Phalanx CIWS round did use DU.
Function
Discarding of sabot
When a large calibre APDS is fired and while still within the bore, the setback forces shear the forward petals, partly unlocking the sub-projectile from the sabot, but still holding it rigidly within the pot. Gas pressure is used to delay the unlocking of the pins holding the rear part of the sub-projectile by gyroscopic forces. Once outside the barrel, the pins, centring band and forward petals are released or discarded by projectile spin, the aerodynamic drag removes the pot/base unit.
As an APDS sub-projectile does not require driving bands and the core is supported at the base and ogive region, a far more aerodynamic projectile shape can be chosen. This, in combination with the sub-projectile's higher sectional density, gives the resulting sub-projectile vastly reduced aerodynamic drag in comparison to full-calibre tungsten-core projectiles, such as armour-piercing, composite rigid (APCR). Both the higher initial velocity and the reduced drag result in higher velocity at impact. This also lowers flight time and improves accuracy. Accuracy can suffer if there are unwanted sabot/sub-projectile interactions during discard.
Impact example
The sequence upon impact of the APDS projectile, for example the 120 mm L11, as used on the Chieftain tank, fired L15 APDS (muzzle velocity 1370 m/s), goes as follows: the lightweight ballistic cap is crushed, the penetrating cap then strikes the armour, distributing the shock across the whole surface of the core's nose, reducing the initial shock experienced by the core. The steel sheath surrounding the core peels away, and the core goes on to penetrate the armour. The penetration of the L15 APDS is approximately 355 mm of rolled homogeneous armour at 1000 m.
FAPDS
Many newer medium calibre APDS cores use a frangible high density alloy, the resulting projectiles are called Frangible Armour Piercing Discarding Sabot (FAPDS) for APDS types, or FRAP (Frangible Armour Piercing) for full-calibre projectiles. During penetration, a frangible projectile's core fragments into many high-velocity pieces. The effect of a frangible projectile on a lightly armoured target is much the same as a high explosive incendiary round, but with a cloud of dense, high-velocity fragments penetrating deeper into the target's interior. Upon striking heavy armour the effect of FAPDS is more akin to a standard APDS, albeit with higher fragmentation of the core, and hence lethality if the armour is perforated.
FAPDS is also known as a Penetrator with Enhanced Lateral Effect (PELE).
Notes
References
Anti-tank rounds
Ammunition
French inventions
The North Suburban Conference was a Minnesota State High School League recognized high school extracurricular conference including 11 schools located in the northern suburbs of the Twin Cities. The conference disbanded following the 2013-14 school year, after Chisago Lakes, St. Francis, and North Branch announced they would join the Mississippi 8 Conference and Robbinsdale Cooper and St. Louis Park left for the Metro West Conference.
Schools as of 2013-14
Benilde-St. Margaret's Red Knights - Benilde-St. Margaret's School
Chisago Lakes Wildcats - Chisago Lakes High School
Columbia Heights Hylanders - Columbia Heights High School
Fridley Tigers - Fridley High School
Irondale Knights - Irondale High School
North Branch Vikings - North Branch Area High School
Robbinsdale Cooper Hawks - Robbinsdale Cooper High School
Spring Lake Park Panthers - Spring Lake Park High School
St. Francis Fighting Saints - St. Francis High School
St. Louis Park Orioles - Saint Louis Park High School
Totino-Grace Eagles - Totino-Grace High School
Former members
Buffalo Bison - Buffalo High School
Cambridge-Isanti Bluejackets - Cambridge-Isanti High School
Centennial Cougars - Centennial High School
Monticello Magic - Monticello High School
Coon Rapids Cardinal - Coon Rapids High School
Anoka Tornadoes - Anoka High School
Blaine Bengals - Blaine High School
Ramsey Rams - Alexander Ramsey High School (closed in 1986)?
Kellogg Lancers - Frank B. Kellogg High School (closed in 1986)
Mounds View Mustangs- Mounds View High School
Elk River Elks- Elk River High School
References
Minnesota high school sports conferences
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1679.
Events
April 30 – John Locke, returning to England from France, moves into Thanet House in London.
June – Nathaniel Lee's play The Massacre at Paris (about the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre of 1572, as was Christopher Marlowe's play of the same title) is suppressed by King Charles II of England as anti-French, the French being English allies at this time.
August – Thomas Otway returns to England from military service in the Netherlands.
October – Thomas Otway's The History and Fall of Caius Marius, his adaptation of Romeo and Juliet, is written. When performed the following year, it will drive Shakespeare's original off the stage for more than sixty years.
December 18 – Rose Alley ambuscade: John Dryden is set upon by three assailants in London, thought to have been instigated by John Wilmot, 2nd Earl of Rochester in retaliation for an attack on "want of wit" in his poetry in The Essay on Satire (nominally by Dryden's patron, the poet John Sheffield, Earl of Musgrave, but probably with input from Dryden).
unknown dates
Étienne Baluze becomes almoner to King Louis XIV of France.
Pu Songling probably compiles most of his Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio.
New books
Prose
Charles Blount – Anima Mundi
Jean de La Fontaine – The Fables of Bidpai
Drama
Beaumont and Fletcher – Fifty Comedies and Tragedies, the second folio
John Bancroft – Sertorius
Aphra Behn
The Feigned Courtesans
The Young King
John Crowne – The Ambitious Statesman
Thomas D'Urfey – The Virtuous Wife
John Dryden
Oedipus
Troilus and Cressida, or Truth Found Too Late (adapted from Shakespeare's Troilus and Cressida)
Nathaniel Lee
Caesar Borgia
The Massacre of Paris
Thomas Otway – The History and Fall of Caius Marius
Jacques Pradon – La Troade
Thomas Shadwell
A True Widow
The Woman Captain
Poetry
"Ephelia" (Mary Villiers?) – Female Poems...by Ephelia
Births
January 24 – Christian Wolff, German philosopher (died 1745)
August 16 – Catherine Trotter Cockburn, English novelist, dramatist and philosopher (died 1749)
September 11 – Thomas Parnell, Irish poet and cleric (died 1718)
September 24 – Eugenio Gerardo Lobo, Spanish poet and soldier (died 1750)
September 26 – Johann Gottlob Carpzov, German Biblical scholar (died 1767)
October 26 – Heinrich Jacob Bashuysen, German printer (died c. 1750)
Unknown dates
Charles Johnson, English dramatist and poet (died 1748)
George Psalmanazar, French-born imposter and English writer (died 1763)
Robert Wodrow, Scottish historian (died 1734)
Probable year of birth – Penelope Aubin, English novelist and translator (died c. 1731)
Deaths
January 11 – Joannes Lucius, Dalmatian historian (born 1604)
February 5 – Joost van den Vondel, Dutch dramatist (born 1587)
April 4 – Christian Hoffmann von Hoffmannswaldau, German poet (born 1616)
June 7 – Alice Curwen, English autobiographer and Quaker (born c. 1619)
August 27 – Jonas Moore, English mathematician and surveyor (born 1617)
October 12 – William Gurnall, English writer and cleric (born 1617)
October 26 – Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery Irish dramatist and soldier (born 1621)
December 4 – Thomas Hobbes, English philosopher (born 1588)
Unknown dates
Jacob Alting, Dutch philologist and theologian (born 1618)
Johann Michael Vansleb, German theologian and linguist (born 1635)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Steinkirchen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Erding (district)
Isbul () (fl. 820s–830s) was the kavhan, or first minister, of the First Bulgarian Empire during the reigns of Omurtag, Malamir and Presian I. Appointed to the kavhan office under Omurtag, Isbul was a regent or co-ruler of the underage Malamir and his successor Presian.
Under Malamir and Presian, Isbul headed Bulgaria's successful campaigns against the Byzantines in southern Thrace and Macedonia, which led to a significant territorial expansion of the Bulgarian realm. As a co-ruler of Malamir, Isbul also financed the construction of a water conduit in the capital Pliska. As second-in-command, Isbul held enormous power and wealth, and was unusually often mentioned beside the name of the ruler in inscriptions. Due to his merits, Isbul has been described as an architect of medieval Bulgarian statehood by historians.
Biography
The office of the kavhan was a hereditary title in the First Bulgarian Empire, monopolised by the members of the tentatively known "Kavhan family". In order to accede to that position, Isbul must have belonged to the Kavhan family, which is indirectly evidenced by his Bulgar name. Historian Plamen Pavlov theorises that Isbul may have begun his career under the ruler Krum (r. 803–814), and by the time of Krum's son Omurtag (r. 815–831), Isbul was already an influential noble. As he is referred to as a kavhan and regent of the next ruler, Malamir (r. 831–836), it is conjectured that he had been appointed to the office at some point during Omurtag's rule.
The earliest record of Isbul is the stone epigraph known as the Malamir Chronicle, which states that Malamir "ruled together with kavhan Isbul". Malamir was the youngest son of Omurtag and must have been considered too young to rule by himself, so that a regent had to be appointed. Omurtag specified Malamir as his heir because his eldest son, Enravota, was a Christian. The Byzantines hoped to take advantage of Bulgaria's instability at the time, caused by the presence of the underage Malamir on the throne, and broke the long-lasting peace established with the Byzantine–Bulgarian Treaty of 815, which they had initially reaffirmed upon Malamir's accession. In 836, Isbul was in charge of the Bulgarian forces which repulsed the Byzantine invasion and proceeded to raid into Byzantine territory.
As part of this campaign, Isbul and Malamir captured the Thracian fortresses of Probaton (near Adrianople) and Bourzidon. After conquering these two fortresses, the Bulgarian troops reached Philippopolis. As the defence forces of the city had fled, Isbul and Malamir entered negotiations with the population in order to persuade them to cede the fortress. Pavlov is of the opinion that the war ended with a continuation of the peace of 815. He believes that Byzantine Emperor Theophilos (r. 829–842) was forced to make concessions to Bulgaria, which may have included the incorporation of Philippopolis and its close surroundings into the Bulgarian Empire.
During his time as co-ruler and kavhan of Malamir, Isbul financed the construction of a water conduit (aqueduct) or fountain in Pliska, which he donated to Malamir. That construction was the occasion for a great feast, which the ruler organised, and for gifts to the nobility, all of it testifying to Isbul's affluence. In the source about the construction, Isbul is hailed alongside Malamir: "May God let the God-appointed ruler live a hundred years together with the kavhan Isbul". Normally, such blessings were only directed at the ruler, and this is the only case from the First Bulgarian Empire which references another person. The inscription also mentions Isbul's old age at the time.
After the surprise death of Malamir in 836, the Bulgarian throne passed to Presian I (836–852), who too was likely underage. As evidenced by the Presian Inscription from Philippi, Isbul retained his position as kavhan and his decisive influence in the Bulgarian court. In 837, the Slavic tribe of the Smolyani (Smolenoi), who inhabited the lower Nestos (Mesta) River and Western Thrace near Drama, rose against their Byzantine rulers. The inscription of Philippi mentions large-scale Bulgarian activity in the lands of the Smolyani. The Bulgarian forces were led by Isbul, as well as the ichirgu-boil (commander of the capital garrison) and the head priest. As the inscription is damaged, it is unclear who Presian and Isbul supported in that conflict. However, during this campaign the Bulgarian army conquered most of Macedonia including Philippi, where the inscription was found. From that point on, Isbul disappears from the sources, and there is no information about the date and circumstances of his death.
Assessment and legacy
In his biography of Isbul, Pavlov underlines his "extraordinary merits for the development of the Bulgarian state" and describes him as "one of the architects of medieval Bulgarian statehood during the years of its rise". Romanian historian Florin Curta emphasises the similarity of Isbul's role to that of 8th-century Mayors of the Palace in the Frankish lands under the Merovingian dynasty.
Isbul Point on Livingston Island of the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica, was named in honour of kavhan Isbul by the Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria. Isbul also features as a character in Aleksandar Raychev's opera Khan Asparuh, which debuted at the Ruse Opera House in 1981. In the opera, however, Isbul is erroneously described as the kavhan of the first Bulgarian ruler, Asparuh.
References
Sources
Medieval Bulgarian nobility
9th-century Bulgarian people
8th-century births
9th-century deaths
Regents of Bulgaria
Bulgarian people of the Byzantine–Bulgarian Wars
Medieval Bulgarian military personnel
Casablanca Finance City Tower () or CFC Tower is a 28–story office building in Casablanca, Morocco. At 136 meters in height, it is the tallest structure in Morocco, with the exception of the minaret of the Hassan II Mosque. It is located in the Casablanca Finance City, built at the site of the former Casablanca–Anfa Airport. It was designed by Morphosis Architects.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Morocco
List of the tallest buildings in Africa
Casablanca Finance City
References
Casablanca
Skyscrapers in Morocco
The Old Customs House, also called the Old Post Office, is a historic building located at the corner of Clinch Avenue and Market Street in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States. Completed in 1874, it was the city's first federal building. It housed the federal courts, excise offices and post office until 1933. From 1936 to 1976, it was used by the Tennessee Valley Authority for offices. Expanded in 2004, the building is home to the East Tennessee History Center, which includes the Lawson McGhee Library's Calvin M. McClung Historical Collection, the Knox County Archives, and the East Tennessee Historical Society's headquarters and museum. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance.
Design
The Old Customs House is a three-story Italianate style building sheathed in East Tennessee marble. The smooth exterior walls contrast with rusticated quoins at the building's corners. The former courtroom on the third floor is notable for its neoclassical detailing. Much of the original interior has been altered.
History
The Customs House is situated on what was originally Lot 11 of James White's 1795 extension of Knoxville. An 1871 map of Knoxville shows the property as an open grove surrounded by a few small houses.
Through the 1850s, Congress was petitioned by cities across the country to provide courtrooms and post offices.
Congress appropriated funding for Knoxville's Customs House in 1856, and reappropriated the funding in 1869. Construction of the original portion of the Customs House (at the corner of Clinch and Market), designed by U.S. government chief architect Alfred B. Mullett (1834–1890), began in 1871 and was completed in 1874. The first floor was used as a post office, while the second and third floors were used for the federal court and office space for federal officials.
As Knoxville's population quadrupled in the late 19th century, the increased postal activity left the Customs House critically overcrowded, and the building was enlarged in 1910. The building had a steam plant for heating and used electricity provided by the Knoxville Railway & Light Company.
Knoxville's continued growth rendered the Customs House insufficient for the city's postal needs, and a new post office was built on Main Street in 1934. Ownership of the Customs House was transferred to the Tennessee Valley Authority. In 1976, ownership of the Customs House was transferred to Knox County for use by the Lawson McGhee Library's Calvin M. McClung Historical Collection and the Knox County Archives.
In the 1980s, the East Tennessee Historical Society (ETHS) moved to the Customs House and set up the East Tennessee Historical Center. The society opened the Museum of East Tennessee History in 1993. In 2000, the second-floor corridor of the building was named Deaderick Hall in honor of librarian Lucile Deaderick (1914–2006).
In 2004, a BarberMcMurry-designed eastern extension to the Customs House was completed, extending the structure the length of Clinch Avenue from Market to Gay Street. This new complex, known as the East Tennessee History Center, includes the ETHS's headquarters, the Museum of East Tennessee History, the Calvin M. McClung Historical Collection, and the Knox County Archives. The Old Customs House is depicted in the ETHS logo.
See also
Fidelity Building (Knoxville)
Greystone (Knoxville)
Knox County Courthouse (Tennessee)
Old City Hall (Knoxville)
Notes
Sources
Isenhour, Judith Clayton. Knoxville - A Pictorial History. (Donning, 1978), pages 122-124.
Knoxville: Fifty Landmarks. (Knoxville: The Knoxville Heritage Committee of the Junior League of Knoxville, 1976), page 11.
External links
East Tennessee Historical Society
MPC Silver Award Photos
Custom House under construction, circa 1872 – photograph on file at the Calvin M. McClung Digital Collection
Custom House interior, circa 1894 – photograph on file at the Calvin M. McClung Digital Collection
Government buildings completed in 1874
Buildings and structures in Knoxville, Tennessee
Renaissance Revival architecture in Tennessee
Alfred B. Mullett buildings
Custom houses in the United States
Government buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Courthouses in Tennessee
Former federal courthouses in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Knoxville, Tennessee
Custom houses on the National Register of Historic Places
Joel Andrew Kretz (born January 7, 1957) is an American politician of the Republican Party. He is a member of the Washington House of Representatives, representing the 7th Legislative District.
Awards
2014 Guardians of Small Business award. Presented by NFIB.
2020 Guardians of Small Business. Presented by NFIB.
Personal life
Kretz' wife is Sara Kretz. They have one child. Kretz and his family live in Wauconda, Washington.
References
1957 births
21st-century American politicians
Living people
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
People from Okanogan County, Washington
Washington (state) Republicans
Michael A. Pikos is an American implant oral and maxillofacial surgeon known as the CEO/Founder of Coastal Jaw Surgery and Pikos Institute.
Background and education
Pikos was born in Campbell, Ohio. He holds a BS degree in Biology from the Ohio State University and a DDS degree from the Ohio State University College of Dentistry, Columbus, Ohio.
He did his Residency in Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery at University of Pittsburgh, Montefiore Hospital, Pittsburgh, PA. He also completed an Internship at Miami Valley Hospital, Dayton, Ohio.
Career
Pikos has been in the field of implant surgery for years. In 1983, he founded Coastal Jaw Surgery. He also founded Pikos Institute in Trinity, Florida and Pinnacle Study Club of Tampa Bay.
Pikos lectures and speaks on various aspects of implantology throughout not only the US, but the world as well. He is on the Editorial Board of the Implant Dentistry Journal, and the Journal of Implant and Advanced Clinical Dentistry. He is the author of Bone Augmentation in Implant Dentistry: A Step-by-Step Guide to Predictable Alveolar Ridge and Sinus Grafting. He has written several published articles on implant oral and maxillofacial surgery.
Professorship
Pikos is an Adjunct Associate Professor at the Department of Periodontology and Prosthodontics, University of Alabama at Birmingham. He is a Courtesy Clinician Associate Professor at the Department of Periodontology and Prosthodontics, University of Florida College of Dentistry.
He is also an Adjunct Professor, Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery at:
The Ohio State University College of Dentistry
Nova Southeastern University College of Dental Medicine, and
Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece, School of Dentistry.
Diplomacy
Pikos is the Scientific Advisor on Implants for the Kois Center. He is a Diplomate of:
The American Board of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery
The American Board or Oral Implantology/Implant Dentistry
The International Congress of Oral Implantologists
The American Academy of Osseointegration.
Awards
2006 - Received the Aaron Gershkoff Memorial Award from the American Academy of Implant Dentistry
2015 - Received the Saul Schluger Memorial Award for Top Educator
2017 - First recipient of the Carl E. Misch Advanced Dental Implant Studies Education Award.
See also
Restorative dentistry
References
External links
Coastal Jaw Surgery website
Pikos Institute website
Pinnacle Study Club website
Living people
American dentists
American dentistry academics
American physicians
Ohio State University College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ohio State University College of Dentistry alumni
American chief executives
P. Ramdas (December 1933 – 27 March 2014) was an Indian film director and screenwriter best known for his film Newspaper Boy which was influenced by Italian neorealism. In 2007, he was awarded the J. C. Daniel Award, Kerala government's highest honour for contributions to Malayalam cinema.
He is a former student of Church Mission Society High School, Thrissur (CMSHSS, Thrissur).
Filmography
References
External links
'ന്യൂസ് പേപ്പര്‍ ബോയി'യുടെ സംവിധായകന്‍ അന്തരിച്ചു
Malayalam director P Ramdas passes away
1930s births
2014 deaths
J. C. Daniel Award winners
Film directors from Thrissur
20th-century Indian film directors
Screenwriters from Kerala
Writers from Thrissur
20th-century Indian dramatists and playwrights
Odia film directors
Malayalam film directors
Malayalam screenwriters
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1697.
Events
May 7 – The 13th century royal Tre Kronor ("Three Crowns") castle in Stockholm burns to the ground and a large portion of the royal library is destroyed.
The actors of the Comédie-Italienne in Paris announce a performance of La fausse prude (The False Hypocrite), a play that ridicules King Louis XIV of France's wife, Françoise d'Aubigné, Marquise de Maintenon, which causes the King to disband the company.
George Farquhar arrives in London from Dublin.
Thomas Corneille publishes his translation of Ovid's Metamorphoses into French.
Daniel Defoe's An Essay Upon Projects suggests insurance, an income tax and the education of women, among other public measures.
First publication of the 13th century Heimskringla in Old Norse, with Swedish and Latin translations by Johan Peringskiöld in Stockholm
New books
Prose
Mary Astell – A Serious Proposal to the Ladies, Part II
Pierre Bayle – (Historical and Critical Dictionary, first part, publication continued until 1702)
Richard Blackmore – King Arthur
Thomas Burnet – Remarks upon An Essay Concerning Humane Understanding (on John Locke)
William Congreve – The Birth of the Muse
William Dampier – A New Voyage Round the World
Daniel Defoe – An Essay Upon Projects
John Dryden
Alexander's Feast; or, The Power of Musique (ode)
The Works of Virgil
John Evelyn – Numismata: A discourse of medals
Jane Lead – A Fountain of Gardens
John Locke
A Letter to the Right Reverend Edward Ld Bishop of Worcester
Mr Locke's Reply to the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Worcester's Answer to his Letter
A Second Vindication of the Reasonableness of Christianity
Charles Perrault (as Pierre Perrault Darmancourt) – (Tales and Stories of the Past with Morals: Tales of Mother Goose)
John Phillips –
Humphrey Prideaux – The True Nature of Imposture Fully Display'd in the Life of Mahomet
John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester – Familiar Letters
William Wotton – Reflections upon Ancient and Modern Learning (setting off the English "quarrel of the Ancients and Moderns")
Drama
Anonymous (A Young Lady) – The Unnatural Mother
Colley Cibber – Woman's Wit
William Congreve – The Mourning Bride
John Dennis – A Plot and No Plot
Thomas Dilke – The City Lady, or Folly Reclaimed
Thomas D'Urfey
Cinthia and Endimion (opera)
The Intrigues at Versailles; or, A Jilt in all Humours
James Drake – The Sham Lawyer
Charles Gildon – The Roman Brides Revenge
Charles Hopkins – Boadicea, Queen of Britain
Peter Anthony Motteux – The Novelty, or Every Act a Play
Mary Pix
The Deceiver Deceiv'd
The Innocent Mistress
George Powell – The Imposture Defeated, or a Trick to Cheat the Devil
Jacques Pradon – Scipion
Elkanah Settle – The World in the Moon
John Vanbrugh
Aesop
The Provoked Wife
The Relapse (performed 1696, published 1697)
Births
April 1 - Abbé Prévost, French writer (died 1763)
June 16 – Jean-Baptiste de La Curne de Sainte-Palaye, French historian, classicist and lexicographer (died 1781)
December 27 – Sollom Emlyn, Irish legal writer (died 1754)
Deaths
February 5 – Hester Biddle (Esther Biddle), English Quaker writer (born c. 1629)
March 1 – Francesco Redi, Tuscan physician, naturalist and poet (born 1626)
June 7 – John Aubrey, English memoirist (born 1626)
December 9 – Scipion Abeille, French surgeon and poet (year of birth unknown)
Unknown date – Juan del Valle y Caviedes, Spanish Peruvian poet (born 1645)
Probable year of death – Gilbert Clerke, English mathematician, natural philosopher and theologian (born 1626)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
In mathematics and physics, vector notation is a commonly used notation for representing vectors, which may be Euclidean vectors, or more generally, members of a vector space.
For representing a vector, the common typographic convention is lower case, upright boldface type, as in . The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) recommends either bold italic serif, as in , or non-bold italic serif accented by a right arrow, as in .
In advanced mathematics, vectors are often represented in a simple italic type, like any variable.
History
In 1835 Giusto Bellavitis introduced the idea of equipollent directed line segments which resulted in the concept of a vector as an equivalence class of such segments.
The term vector was coined by W. R. Hamilton around 1843, as he revealed quaternions, a system which uses vectors and scalars to span a four-dimensional space. For a quaternion q = a + bi + cj + dk, Hamilton used two projections: S q = a, for the scalar part of q, and V q = bi + cj + dk, the vector part. Using the modern terms cross product (×) and dot product (.), the quaternion product of two vectors p and q can be written pq = –p.q + p×q. In 1878, W. K. Clifford severed the two products to make the quaternion operation useful for students in his textbook Elements of Dynamic. Lecturing at Yale University, Josiah Willard Gibbs supplied notation for the scalar product and vector products, which was introduced in Vector Analysis.
In 1891, Oliver Heaviside argued for Clarendon to distinguish vectors from scalars. He criticized the use of Greek letters by Tait and Gothic letters by Maxwell.
In 1912, J.B. Shaw contributed his "Comparative Notation for Vector Expressions" to the Bulletin of the Quaternion Society. Subsequently, Alexander Macfarlane described 15 criteria for clear expression with vectors in the same publication.
Vector ideas were advanced by Hermann Grassmann in 1841, and again in 1862 in the German language. But German mathematicians were not taken with quaternions as much as were English-speaking mathematicians. When Felix Klein was organizing the German mathematical encyclopedia, he assigned Arnold Sommerfeld to standardize vector notation. In 1950, when Academic Press published G. Kuerti's translation of the second edition of volume 2 of Lectures on Theoretical Physics by Sommerfeld, vector notation was the subject of a footnote: "In the original German text, vectors and their components are printed in the same Gothic types. The more usual way of making a typographical distinction between the two has been adopted for this translation."
Rectangular vectors
A rectangular vector is a coordinate vector specified by components that define a rectangle (or rectangular prism in three dimensions, and similar shapes in greater dimensions). The starting point and terminal point of the vector lie at opposite ends of the rectangle (or prism, etc.).
Ordered set notation
A rectangular vector in can be specified using an ordered set of components, enclosed in either parentheses or angle brackets.
In a general sense, an n-dimensional vector v can be specified in either of the following forms:
Where v1, v2, …, vn − 1, vn are the components of v.
Matrix notation
A rectangular vector in can also be specified as a row or column matrix containing the ordered set of components. A vector specified as a row matrix is known as a row vector; one specified as a column matrix is known as a column vector.
Again, an n-dimensional vector can be specified in either of the following forms using matrices:
where v1, v2, …, vn − 1, vn are the components of v. In some advanced contexts, a row and a column vector have different meaning; see covariance and contravariance of vectors for more.
Unit vector notation
A rectangular vector in (or fewer dimensions, such as where vz below is zero) can be specified as the sum of the scalar multiples of the components of the vector with the members of the standard basis in . The basis is represented with the unit vectors , , and .
A three-dimensional vector can be specified in the following form, using unit vector notation:
Where vx, vy, and vz are the scalar components of v. Scalar components may be positive or negative; the absolute value of a scalar component is its magnitude.
Polar vectors
The two polar coordinates of a point in a plane may be considered as a two dimensional vector. Such a polar vector consists of a magnitude (or length) and a direction (or angle). The magnitude, typically represented as r, is the distance from a starting point, the origin, to the point which is represented. The angle, typically represented as θ (the Greek letter theta), is the angle, usually measured , between a fixed direction, typically that of the positive x-axis, and the direction from the origin to the point. The angle is typically reduced to lie within the range radians or .
It must be emphasized that a polar vector is not really a vector, since the addition of two polar vectors is not defined.
Ordered set and matrix notations
Polar vectors can be specified using either ordered pair notation (a subset of ordered set notation using only two components), or matrix notation, as with rectangular vectors. In these forms, the first component of the vector is r (instead of v1), and the second component is θ (instead of v2). To differentiate polar vectors from rectangular vectors, the angle may be prefixed with the angle symbol, .
A two-dimensional polar vector v can be represented as any of the following, using either ordered pair or matrix notation:
where r is the magnitude, θ is the angle, and the angle symbol () is optional.
Direct notation
Polar vectors can also be specified using simplified autonomous equations that define r and θ explicitly. This can be unwieldy, but is useful for avoiding the confusion with two-dimensional rectangular vectors that arises from using ordered pair or matrix notation.
A two-dimensional vector whose magnitude is 5 units, and whose direction is π/9 radians (20°), can be specified using either of the following forms:
Cylindrical vectors
A cylindrical vector is an extension of the concept of polar vectors into three dimensions. It is akin to an arrow in the cylindrical coordinate system. A cylindrical vector is specified by a distance in the xy-plane, an angle, and a distance from the xy-plane (a height). The first distance, usually represented as r or ρ (the Greek letter rho), is the magnitude of the projection of the vector onto the xy-plane. The angle, usually represented as θ or φ (the Greek letter phi), is measured as the offset from the line collinear with the x-axis in the positive direction; the angle is typically reduced to lie within the range . The second distance, usually represented as h or z, is the distance from the xy-plane to the endpoint of the vector.
Ordered set and matrix notations
Cylindrical vectors are specified like polar vectors, where the second distance component is concatenated as a third component to form ordered triplets (again, a subset of ordered set notation) and matrices. The angle may be prefixed with the angle symbol (); the distance-angle-distance combination distinguishes cylindrical vectors in this notation from spherical vectors in similar notation.
A three-dimensional cylindrical vector v can be represented as any of the following, using either ordered triplet or matrix notation:
Where r is the magnitude of the projection of v onto the xy-plane, θ is the angle between the positive x-axis and v, and h is the height from the xy-plane to the endpoint of v. Again, the angle symbol () is optional.
Direct notation
A cylindrical vector can also be specified directly, using simplified autonomous equations that define r (or ρ), θ (or φ), and h (or z). Consistency should be used when choosing the names to use for the variables; ρ should not be mixed with θ and so on.
A three-dimensional vector, the magnitude of whose projection onto the xy-plane is 5 units, whose angle from the positive x-axis is π/9 radians (20°), and whose height from the xy-plane is 3 units can be specified in any of the following forms:
Spherical vectors
A spherical vector is another method for extending the concept of polar vectors into three dimensions. It is akin to an arrow in the spherical coordinate system. A spherical vector is specified by a magnitude, an azimuth angle, and a zenith angle. The magnitude is usually represented as ρ. The azimuth angle, usually represented as θ, is the () offset from the positive x-axis. The zenith angle, usually represented as φ, is the offset from the positive z-axis. Both angles are typically reduced to lie within the range from zero (inclusive) to 2π (exclusive).
Ordered set and matrix notations
Spherical vectors are specified like polar vectors, where the zenith angle is concatenated as a third component to form ordered triplets and matrices. The azimuth and zenith angles may be both prefixed with the angle symbol (); the prefix should be used consistently to produce the distance-angle-angle combination that distinguishes spherical vectors from cylindrical ones.
A three-dimensional spherical vector v can be represented as any of the following, using either ordered triplet or matrix notation:
Where ρ is the magnitude, θ is the azimuth angle, and φ is the zenith angle.
Direct notation
Like polar and cylindrical vectors, spherical vectors can be specified using simplified autonomous equations, in this case for ρ, θ, and φ.
A three-dimensional vector whose magnitude is 5 units, whose azimuth angle is π/9 radians (20°), and whose zenith angle is π/4 radians (45°) can be specified as:
Operations
In any given vector space, the operations of vector addition and scalar multiplication are defined. Normed vector spaces also define an operation known as the norm (or determination of magnitude). Inner product spaces also define an operation known as the inner product. In , the inner product is known as the dot product. In and , an additional operation known as the cross product is also defined.
Vector addition
Vector addition is represented with the plus sign used as an operator between two vectors. The sum of two vectors u and v would be represented as:
Scalar multiplication
Scalar multiplication is represented in the same manners as algebraic multiplication. A scalar beside a vector (either or both of which may be in parentheses) implies scalar multiplication. The two common operators, a dot and a rotated cross, are also acceptable (although the rotated cross is almost never used), but they risk confusion with dot products and cross products, which operate on two vectors. The product of a scalar k with a vector v can be represented in any of the following fashions:
Vector subtraction and scalar division
Using the algebraic properties of subtraction and division, along with scalar multiplication, it is also possible to “subtract” two vectors and “divide” a vector by a scalar.
Vector subtraction is performed by adding the scalar multiple of −1 with the second vector operand to the first vector operand. This can be represented by the use of the minus sign as an operator. The difference between two vectors u and v can be represented in either of the following fashions:
Scalar division is performed by multiplying the vector operand with the numeric inverse of the scalar operand. This can be represented by the use of the fraction bar or division signs as operators. The quotient of a vector v and a scalar c can be represented in any of the following forms:
Norm
The norm of a vector is represented with double bars on both sides of the vector. The norm of a vector v can be represented as:
The norm is also sometimes represented with single bars, like , but this can be confused with absolute value (which is a type of norm).
Inner product
The inner product of two vectors (also known as the scalar product, not to be confused with scalar multiplication) is represented as an ordered pair enclosed in angle brackets. The inner product of two vectors u and v would be represented as:
Dot product
In , the inner product is also known as the dot product. In addition to the standard inner product notation, the dot product notation (using the dot as an operator) can also be used (and is more common). The dot product of two vectors u and v can be represented as:
In some older literature, the dot product is implied between two vectors written side-by-side. This notation can be confused with the dyadic product between two vectors.
Cross product
The cross product of two vectors (in ) is represented using the rotated cross as an operator. The cross product of two vectors u and v would be represented as:
By some conventions (e.g. in France and in some areas of higher mathematics), this is also denoted by a wedge, which avoids confusion with the wedge product since the two are functionally equivalent in three dimensions:
In some older literature, the following notation is used for the cross product between u and v:
Nabla
Vector notation is used with calculus through the Nabla operator:
With a scalar function f, the gradient is written as
with a vector field, F the divergence is written as
and with a vector field, F the curl is written as
See also
Euclidean vector
Phasor
References
Mathematical notation
Vectors (mathematics and physics)
Admiral Mohammad Asif Sandila (Urdu: محمد ﺁصف سندیلہ; born: 1954, ), is a retired four-star admiral in the Pakistan Navy who was the 14th Chief of Naval Staff of the Pakistan Navy. Prior to this command appointment, Sandila briefly tenured as the Vice Chief Naval Staff in the Pakistan Navy which he assumed in 2010.
In 2011, President Asif Ali Zardari, on the request of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani, promoted Sandila to four-star admiral and appointed him as the Chief of the Naval Staff on 7 October 2011 upon retirement of the then Chief of Naval Staff Admiral Noman Bashir.
Biography
Early life and education
Asif Sandila was born into a Punjabi Jat family in a village at the Sangla Hill located in Sheikhupura District, Punjab in Pakistan in 1954.
After his matriculation from a local high school in 1967, Sandila went to attend Cadet College Kohat where he secured his FSc, and went to join the Pakistan Navy in 1972. He was selected to attend the Pakistan Naval Academy, initially focusing on mathematics, and was directed to attend the Britannia Royal Naval College in Dartmouth in the United Kingdom in 1974. In England, he was trained in navigation and qualified as a surface warfare officer in 1975.
Upon returning to Pakistan in 1975, he was gained commissioned as S-Lt. in the Naval Operations Branch, and was trained in anti-submarine operations on PNS Jehangir in 1976–77. S-Lt. Sandila was further trained in torpedo operations and navigation at the PNS Badr in 1977–79. He served on various surface warships as principle warfare officers throughout his career in the Navy.
He later attended, and is a graduate of the Naval War College in Lahore, and attended the staff course in Indonesian Navy's Naval Staff College. He later went to attend the National Defence University where he graduated with MSc in War studies.
Career in the military
War and command appointments in the Pakistan Navy
After joining the Pakistan Navy as Midshipman in 1972, he served on the PNS Jahangir and PNS Badr as navigation and torpedo officer from 1977 until 1980. In 1985–88, Lt-Cdr. Sandila was affiliated with the Institute of Strategic Studies of the Quaid-i-Azam University in Islamabad, where he instructs courses on Strategic studies. He was later posted at the Pakistan Naval Academy in Karachi where he instructs courses on military navigation.
In 1988–91, Cdr. Sandila was taken to be served as aide-de-camp to Adm. Iftikhar Ahmed Sirohey, the Chairman joint chiefs. In the 1990s, Capt. Sandila later commanded , a guided-missile destroyer, and did a tour of duty when he visited Middle East and the Europe.
In 2003–04, Cdre. Sandila took over the command of the 25th Destroyer Squadron as its officer in tactical command, and was leading the task force for overseeing the rescue operations from the Maldives, where he was credited of rescuing more than 370 European tourists affected by the deadly underwater earthquake and tsunami in Indian Ocean in 2004.
In 2005, Cdre. Sandila commanded the mission through the Moawin and visiting on a bilateral mission in Mediterranean countries (Tunisia), Europe (France and the Britain), and later ending his voyage in United States (New York). In April 2005, Cdre. Sandila took participation in Mine hunter exercises with the French Navy, Royal Navy, and the U.S. Navy before reporting back to Pakistan.
In 2005, Cdre. Sandila was eventually promoted to two-star rank in the Navy, first serving as the Director-General of the Maritime Security Agency (MSA) until 2007, during which, he also served as the command of the Naval Observatory located in Jinnah Naval Base.
In 2007, R-Adm. Sandila was posted in the Navy NHQ in Islamabad as DCNS (Projects) and later than DCNS (Operations), for a brief time until being posted as senior fleet commander as Commander Pakistan Fleet (COMPAK) in 2008. During this time, R-Adm. Sandila was involved in operational deployment of navy's combatant commands at the Arabian sea to deter any Indian Navy's attack on Pakistan, resulting during the military standoff in 2008. In 2009, R-Adm. Sandila was later posted in Navy NHQ in Islamabad as DCNS (Operations), for a brief time.
In 2009, R-Adm. Sandila was posted as Commander Logistics (COMLOG), where he was responsible for Navy's military logistics and engineering.
Chief of Naval Staff
On 1 January 2010, R-Adm. Sandila was promoted to the three-star rank in the Navy while serving on the command assignment. In 2011, Vice-Admiral Sandila was later appointed as Vice-Chief of Naval Staff (VNCS) under Adm. Noman Bashir.
At the time of the promotion to the four-star appointment in 2011, V-Adm. Sandila was in a race along with four senior admirals in the Navy, though V-Adm. Sandila was the most senior among all:
Vice-Admiral Asif Sandila., Vice-Chief of Naval Staff (VCNS) at the Navy NHQ in Islamabad.
Vice-Admiral Tanveer Faiz. DCNS (Projects) at the Navy NHQ in Islamabad.
Vice-Admiral Abbas Raza. Senior commander in Karachi coast as Commander Karachi (COMKAR)
Vice-Admiral T. A. Dogar. Senior commander in Karachi as commander Naval Air Defence Command
On 6 October 2011, Farahnaz Ispahani, the presidential spokesperson, confirmed that the President Zardari has approved the promotion paper and promoted V-Adm. Sandila as four-star admiral in the Navy, taking the command of the Navy from Adm. Numan as its Chief of Naval Staff on 8 October 2011. His 4-star promotion became headline news in the country with much media speculation on the nature of his assignment. The change of command ceremony was held at Naval Headquarters, Islamabad. Admiral Sandila received the guard of honor prior to the assuming the navy's command. Under his command, the Navy focused towards the seaborne operations involved with the CTF-150 and the CTF-151.
In 2014, the Government of Pakistan confirmed his retirement from the 42-year military service, and after retiring from the Navy after, Adm. Sandila went to established the Moawin Foundation, an organization focused toward promoting the literacy and building schools all over the country.
Upon his retirement, he handed over the command of the Navy to Admiral Muhammed Zakaullah.
Awards and Decorations
Foreign Decorations
See also
Pakistan Army
Appointment preferences for Army for appointment of Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee
References
External links
Pakistan Navy
|-
S
S
S
S
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Recipients of Hilal-i-Imtiaz
Pakistan Navy admirals
Chiefs of Naval Staff (Pakistan)
Living people
People of the insurgency in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
National Defence University, Pakistan alumni
Cadet College Kohat alumni
Several special routes of U.S. Route 6 exist. In order from west to east they are as follows.
Utah
Helper business loop
U.S. Route 6 Business (US-6 Bus.) is a short highway serving the downtown areas of Helper, Utah. The route begins at an at-grade intersection with US-6/US-191 southwest of Helper and proceeds east on Poplar Street to Main Street; this portion is co-signed with SR-157. The route turns north onto Main Street, passing through downtown Helper. After curving to the northwest and again to the west, the route ends at a diamond interchange (exit 232) on US-6/US-191.
Price business loop
U.S. Route 6 Business (US-6 Bus.) is a short highway that loops around the town of Price in central Utah, beginning and ending at US-6/US-191 in a span of . SR-55 is cosigned with the route.
Nebraska
Hastings business loop
U.S. Route 6 Business (US-6 Bus.) runs for approximately through Hastings, north of mainline U.S. 6. It crosses US-34 downtown, before that route turns west to run concurrently with US-6.
Illinois–Indiana
Lansing–Lake Station business loop
Business U.S. 6 follows along Ridge Road, the former alignment of U.S. 6 before the route was moved to the Borman Expressway which also carries Interstate 80 and Interstate 94 through the cities of Northwest Indiana. The route begins in Lansing, Illinois and heads east across the state line into Munster, Indiana and travels through Highland, Griffith, the southern part of Gary, and Hobart (where the road is marked as "37th Avenue"). The route ends in Hobart at the intersection of U.S. 6, SR 51 and SR 130.
Ohio
Napoleon business route
U.S. Route 6 Business (US-6 Bus.) runs along Ohio State Route 108 and Ohio State Route 110 in Napoleon, Ohio.
Western Greater Cleveland alternate route
U.S. Route 6 Alternate (US 6 Alt.) is an east–west alternate route of US 6 located in Greater Cleveland, Ohio, traveling . Its western terminus is at US 6 in Rocky River, Ohio, just west of the Rocky River, overlapping US 6's connection with SR 2; its eastern terminus is just west of the Cuyahoga River in the Ohio City neighborhood of Cleveland. US 20 and SR 113 travel concurrent with US 6 Alt. for while they cross the Rocky River. Nearly all of its span follows Detroit Avenue's alignment through Lakewood and Cleveland, which also carried US 20 Alt. for a time. The far western portion in Rocky River follows Detroit Road and Old Lake Road.
US 6 Alt. exists to provide a route for truck traffic, as commercial vehicles are prohibited on Clifton Boulevard.
Eastern Greater Cleveland alternate route
U.S. Route 6 Alternate (US 6 Alt.) traveled along Euclid Avenue, with US 20 Alt., in Cleveland and East Cleveland from 1936 until 1967, when US 20 was removed from US 6 and routed along Euclid Avenue from Superior Avenue in East Cleveland to Public Square in Cleveland.
Pennsylvania
Warren business loop
U.S. Route 6 Business (US 6 Bus.) is a loop through the city center of Warren, Pennsylvania. In 1989, a freeway bypass for US 6 was completed on the southside of the Allegheny River, while the original routing plus a connecting bridge were designated as a business loop. Except for following Ludlow Street near its western terimus, the route mostly follows Pennsylvania Avenue. It is cosigned with US 62 for the westernmost of its route.
Tunkhannock business loop
U.S. Route 6 Business (US 6 Bus.) is a loop through the borough of Tunkhannock, Pennsylvania. The route was signed in 2000, as a wider (but still two-lane) by-pass was constructed along the Susquehanna River to avoid the narrow old alignment. The business loop, also known as Tioga Street, is the main artery of the town.
Scranton–Carbondale business loop
U.S. Route 6 Business (US 6 Bus.) is a loop through northern suburbs of the city of Scranton, Pennsylvania. The route was formed in 1999, after a freeway bypass was constructed. The route begins as a four-lane undivided highway, featuring a variety of businesses but avoiding the centers of suburbs like Dickson City and Blakely. It then becomes a two-lane route and skirts north of the narrow suburban finger by traveling through Archbald Pothole State Park and Pennsylvania forestry land. Upon entering Carbondale, the route dips south back into suburban development and serves as a narrow two-lane street for the remainder of its route.
New York
Highlands truck route
U.S. Route 6 Truck (US 6 Truck) is a truck route of US 6 in eastern Orange County. It begins at the trumpet interchange with US 6 and NY 293 in Woodbury near Harriman State Park, and the route follows NY 293. It heads northwest for , where it meets US 9W and NY 218 in Highlands. Here, NY 293 ends, and US 6 Truck starts its concurrency with US 9W, heading south. From there, the two routes run concurrently until the Bear Mountain Circle, where the route rejoins US 6 and meets US 202, in Highlands near Bear Mountain State Park. The route serves as a bypass for the segment of US 6 known as the Long Mountain Parkway, which is limited to passenger cars only.
Cortlandt alternate route
U.S. Route 6 Alternate (US 6 Alt., concurrent with US 202 Alt. for its entire length) is a alternate route of US 6 and US 202 in southern Putnam County and northern Westchester County. It begins where US 6 and US 202 meet NY 9D at the eastern foot of the Bear Mountain Bridge, and follows NY 9D north to NY 403 in Garrison. From there, it heads south on NY 403 and US 9 to rejoin US 6 and US 202 at the traffic circle north of Peekskill. The route serves as a bypass of the segment of US 6 and US 202 known as Bear Mountain Bridge Road, a sharply winding route along the Hudson River. This bypass is an important route for commercial vehicles which cannot traverse Bear Mountain Bridge Road, though they are permitted to do so.
Connecticut
Newtown–Southbury alternate route
U.S. Route 6A (US 6A) between Newtown and Southbury was the original surface routing of US 6 before the formation of expressway that later became I-84; currently Route 816.
Plymouth–Hartford alternate route
U.S. Route 6A (US 6A) between Plymouth and Hartford is currently US 6. At this time, the old US 6 went along Route 64 to downtown Waterbury then along Route 10 to Farmington.
Woodbury–Willimantic alternate route
U.S. Route 6A (US 6A) originally connected Woodbury to Willimantic. West of Meriden, this was the original alignment of US 6. When US 6 was reassigned to the former US 6A from Plymouth–Farmington, this became US 6A. This US 6A was subsequently extended through Meriden to Willimantic along modern Route 66. An expressway upgrade was planned for this US 6A. Only a portion of the highway was built and is now I-691.
Coventry–Windham alternate route
U.S. Route 6A (US 6A) between Coventry and Windham was designated when New England Interstate Route 3 (NE-3) was deleted. The route was swapped with the old US 6 in 1939 and finally deleted in 1942 when US 6A became Route 31.
Danielson alternate route
U.S. Route 6A (US 6A) in Danielson was the old routing of US 6 prior to construction of the two-lane freeway.
Rhode Island
Scituate business route
In Scituate, US 6 splits into US 6 and U.S. Route 6 Business (US 6 Bus.). The business alignment travels further south along the old turnpike, and is mostly signed as US 6 without a banner. The route is also known as Danielson Pike for its entirety. The bypass is signed mostly as BY-PASS US 6 on sign assemblies but as bannerless US 6 on green guide signs. Most maps and information takes US 6 along the bypass.
The business and bypass cross Route 102 soon after splitting. The western half of the bypass is a two-lane limited access road, with one grade separation — under Gleaner Chapel Road — and one intersection — at Route 102. This newer section ends as it merges with Route 101, once the Rhode Island and Connecticut Turnpike, and now called Hartford Pike. The two parallel alignments cross the Scituate Reservoir and Route 116 before they merge near the east edge of Scituate. This merges was the east end of the Foster and Scituate Turnpike, and was the east end of Route 101 until the early 2000s (when it was truncated to the merge with US 6 Byp.). The Rhode Island and Connecticut Turnpike continued to the Olneyville section of Providence, where it is known as Hartford Avenue.
Johnston-Providence alternate route
U.S. Route 6A (US 6A) is an alternate route of US 6 in Rhode Island. The route begins at US 6 and I-295 in Johnston and follows Hartford Avenue through the city. US 6A continues into Providence, traveling along Hartford Avenue to its terminus at US 6.
US 6A previously carried mainline US 6 until 1991, when the US 6 designation was moved to the Dennis J. Roberts Expressway replacing the expressway's previous designation of Route 195.
Massachusetts
Cape Cod Canal bypass
U.S. Route 6 Bypass (US 6 Byp.) was signed along both sides of the Cape Cod Canal opposite of mainline U.S. Route 6, which also ran along both sides of the canal along 2-way roads.
At the eastern terminus of MA 25, US 6 Eastbound once crossed the Cape Cod Canal via the Bourne Bridge then followed Sandwich Road along the south side of the canal to the Sagamore Bridge where it joined the Mid-Cape Highway on its way to Provincetown. US 6 Westbound would leave the Mid-Cape Highway and cross the Sagamore Bridge then followed the Scenic Highway along the north side of the canal back to the Bourne Bridge. The opposite directions of those two roads were signed as US 6 Bypass (such that the eastbound bypass route was on the north side of the canal while the westbound was along the south side).Today, both directions of U.S. Route 6 travels only along the north side of the canal along Scenic Highway. Sandwich Road is now signed "TO 6" from the Sagamore Bridge to the Bourne Bridge, although a single "BYPASS 6" sign still exists along Sandwich Road just north of the Bourne Bridge rotary.
References
06
U.S. Route 6
U.S. Highways in Utah
U.S. Highways in Indiana
U.S. Highways in Ohio
U.S. Highways in Pennsylvania
U.S. Highways in New York (state)
U.S. Highways in Connecticut
U.S. Highways in Rhode Island
U.S. Highways in Massachusetts
The UNESCO World Heritage Site Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto (Kyoto, Uji and Otsu Cities) encompasses 17 locations in Japan within the city of Kyoto and its immediate vicinity. In 794, the Japanese imperial family moved the capital to Heian-kyō. The locations are in three cities: Kyoto and Uji in Kyoto Prefecture; and Ōtsu in Shiga Prefecture; Uji and Ōtsu border Kyoto to the south and north, respectively. Of the monuments, 13 are Buddhist temples, three are Shinto shrines, and one is a castle. The properties include 38 buildings designated by the Japanese government as National Treasures, 160 properties designated as Important Cultural Properties, eight gardens designated as Special Places of Scenic Beauty, and four designated as Places of Scenic Beauty. UNESCO listed the site as World Heritage in 1994.
Selection criteria
Kyoto has a substantial number of historic buildings, unlike other Japanese cities that lost buildings to foreign invasions and war; and has the largest concentration of designated Cultural Properties in Japan. Although ravaged by wars, fires, and earthquakes during its eleven centuries as the imperial capital, Kyoto was spared from much of the destruction and danger of World War II. It was saved from the nearly universal firebombing of large cities in Japan in part to preserve it as the primary atomic bomb target. It was later removed from the atomic bomb target list by the personal intervention of Secretary of War Henry L. Stimson, as Stimson wanted to save this cultural center which he knew from his honeymoon and later diplomatic visits. As a result, Nagasaki was then added as a target.
The 17 properties of the World Heritage Site originate from a period between the 10th century and the 19th century, and each is representative of the period in which it was built. The historical importance of the Kyoto region was taken into account by the UNESCO in the selection process.
List of sites
The table lists information about each of the 17 listed properties of the World Heritage Site listing:
Name: in English and Japanese
Type: Purpose of the site. The list includes 13 Buddhist temples ("-ji"), 3 Shinto shrines ("-jinja"), and one castle ("-jo").
Period: time period of significance, typically of construction
Location: the site's location (by ward) and by geographic coordinates
Description: brief description of the site
See also
List of World Heritage Sites in Japan
Tourism in Japan
References
External links
Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto (Kyoto, Uji and Otsu Cities) - UNESCO World Heritage Centre
World Heritage Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto
Welcome to Kyoto - World Heritage Map
World Heritage Sites in Japan
Buildings and structures in Kyoto Prefecture
Kyoto
Tourist attractions in Kyoto Prefecture
Søren Christian Sommerfelt (9 April 1794 – 29 December 1838) was a Norwegian priest and botanist, best known for his study of spore plants (cryptogams).
He was born at Toten in Oppland, Norway. He was the son of County Governor Christian Sommerfelt (1746-1811) and Anna Sophie Hagerup (1775-1821). In 1811, when he was 15 years of age, he became a student at the University of Copenhagen. He first studied theology, but later focused on science. In 1816, he traveled to Oslo to continue his theological studies and earn his theological degree. In 1818 he was appointed parish priest at Saltdal in Nordland where he served until 1824. He was next assigned assistant pastor at Asker parish in Akershus and subsequently he was vicar in Ringebu parish in Oppland.
Biography
Søren Christian Sommerfelt (born 9 April 1794 on the farm Sukkestad in Toten, died 29 December 1838 in Ringebu) was a Norwegian priest and botanist. Sommerfelt had a great interest in botany from childhood. Already as a 15-year-old he was sent to Copenhagen to study. Already as a student in Copenhagen, he was offered a position at the newly established university in Kristiania, but the dissolution of the union and other circumstances led to him not getting this. He rather studied theology, became a priest and worked tirelessly at botany in his spare time. In the first part of the 19th century, he was considered to be one of Norway's most talented botanists, despite the fact that it only had the opportunity to conduct research alongside his work in the ministry. Sommerfelt is considered to be the last Norwegian botanist with equally good knowledge of all groups of higher and lower plants.
He married Jørgine Maria Krohn on 28 May 1818, daughter of Johan Jørgen Krohn, and immediately afterwards took up the position of parish priest in Saltdal in June 1818. In Saltdal, he discovered the place's unusual flora and made many observations that turned into a very large scientific work. Of particular interest to historians is his description of the culture and folk life in Saltdal at this time. His descriptions are considered to be the best description of a Norwegian rural community at this time and can be used to understand conditions elsewhere in the region as well.
Although he worked very hard on botanical observations in Saltdal, he was also a skilled priest. The Bishop of Nordland and Finnmark Mathias Bonsach Krogh helped him advance his career in the ministry. On 24 February 1824 he became resident chaplain in Asker parish and in 1827 he became parish priest in Ringebu parish. The same year that he became parish priest in Ringebu, he had been on a study trip to Western Norway and contracted typhoid fever. This led to permanent impaired health and poor eyesight. Despite the disease, he continued with botanical studies until he died at just 44 years old. Two years before his death, he gathered leading Scandinavian botanists together at Ringebu.
Sommerfelt and his wife had ten children together, five girls and five boys. When he died, she was pregnant with the tenth child. She had to raise the children alone and had no large pension to live on. Nevertheless, several of the children received higher education, including Christian Sommerfelt, priest, mayor and member of the Storting, and Karl Linne Sommerfelt who became principal at Kristiansand Cathedral School.
Plants that bear his name include Aphaenogaster sommerfeldti and Pertusaria sommerfeltii. As a botanist, he described several new plant species, in particular cryptogams, and he has been described as the first mycologist in Norway. Among his works are Florae lapponicae from 1826, and Physisk-oeconomisk Beskrivelse over Saltdalen i Nordlandene from 1827.
References
1794 births
1838 deaths
People from Østre Toten
University of Copenhagen
19th-century Norwegian Lutheran clergy
Norwegian mycologists
19th-century Norwegian botanists
The 2006 shelling of Beit Hanoun by the Israeli Defence Force (IDF) happened on 8 November, when shells hit a row of houses in the Gaza Strip town of Beit Hanoun, killing at least 19 Palestinians and wounding more than 40. The shelling followed the IDF's withdrawal from the Gaza Strip in completion of a week-long operation codenamed Operation "Autumn Clouds", which the Israeli government stated had been intended to stop the Qassam rocket attacks on Israel by Palestinian militants. The Israeli government apologized and attributed the incident to a technical malfunction.
Incident
Israel stated that the shelling was in response to a Qassam rocket attack from that location, possibly from a car driven into the area. According to the Israeli military, the artillery had misfired due to a malfunction of the guidance system. At least 40 people were wounded. Thirteen of the dead belonged to the same family.
Palestinian response
Palestinian National Authority – The Palestinian prime minister, Hamas's Ismail Haniya, stated the attack was an "awful massacre". Palestinian president, Mahmoud Abbas described it as an "...ugly massacre committed by the occupation against our children, our women and elderly...you (the Israelis) do not want peace at all..."
Palestinians in Beit Hanoun marched in anger the next day and bore for cameras the battered faces of two of the dead children.
Israeli response
Israeli Government – Prime Minister Ehud Olmert expressed regret over the killings and offered humanitarian assistance to the wounded. In his address to the UN Security Council, Israel's deputy UN representative Daniel Carmon reiterated Israel's "deep sorrow and regret" over the accidental killing of innocent civilians, and told the council that terrorism by Hamas was to blame for "the incident in Beit Hanoun". "If Palestinian terror did not continue to assault Israelis, if Qassam rockets stopped sailing out of Gaza into Israel, the incident in Beit Hanoun would never have happened," Carmon said. "A single decision is needed: The Palestinian Authority government must decide to stop using terrorism as a means to achieving its goals." At a business conference in Tel Aviv, Prime Minister Olmert said, "I am very uncomfortable with this event. I'm very distressed." Olmert called it a "mistake" caused by "technical failure," and he urged Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to meet with him immediately. Israeli organizations, including Peace Now and Gush Shalom and political parties Meretz and Hadash held a protest in Tel Aviv shortly after news of the killings broke. Israeli human rights group B'Tselem described the policy of returning fire to the general area from which a rocket attack is launched a "war crime."
United Nations investigation
On 15 November 2006, the United Nations Human Rights Council adopted resolution S-3/1 which called for a fact-finding mission, consisting of Archbishop Desmond Tutu and Professor Christine Chinkin of the United Kingdom to travel to Beit Hanoun. The resolution was accepted by a wide margin, with only seven countries opposing and six abstaining.
In reaction to the resolution, the Foreign Affairs Minister of Israel released a statement noting that Israel had already expressed regret regarding the incident, decrying the UN's "ignoring of the ongoing terrorism against Israeli civilians by the Palestinian terrorist organizations", and expecting the UN "to show a more balanced and fairer approach toward Israel and not to automatically adopt any notion from those whose only desire is to discredit Israel."
On three occasions, the mission attempted to travel to Beit Hanoun via Israel. Each of these attempts was frustrated by the refusal of the Government of Israel to cooperate with the mission. The mission finally visited Beit Hanoun from 27 to 29 May 2008.
In its final report, the mission concluded that "[I]n the absence of a well-founded explanation from the Israeli militarywho is in sole possession of the relevant factsthe mission must conclude that there is a possibility that the shelling of Beit Hanoun constituted a war crime."
Tutu has vigorously protested the overall response to the incident: "The right to life has been violated not just through the killings [in Beit Hanoun], but also through the lack of an adequate investigation of the killings."
Aftermath
Andrew Exum has stated that the Israeli military had a "long history of mistakes causing many civilian casualties." About the 2006 shelling, he said that: "it was found it was caused by a faulty programming card in a counter-battery radar system, called Shilem, designed to track an enemy projectile's trajectory back to its point of origin and direct artillery fire back at that spot. The inquiry also found that the artillery crew had not recalibrated their weapons overnight and did not have spotters monitoring whether their fire was accurate, so 12 to 15 artillery shells were fired before it was realised they were hitting an apartment complex. It is not clear what changes the IDF made to its targeting methods as a result."
International response
Amnesty International described the killing as an appalling act and called for an immediate, independent investigation. It said the Israeli investigation had been seriously inadequate and failed to meet international standards.
Arab League secretary general Amr Moussa said "These massacres of children, women and civilians are unjustified and incomprehensible and unexpected. Israeli policies in the Palestinian territories have gone too far."
Speaking on behalf of the European Union, Finland's UN ambassador Kirsti Lintonen recognized Israel's "legitimate right to self-defense" but urged Israel to "exercise utmost restraint" and underlined that "action should not be disproportionate or in contradiction to international law." "We call on Israel to end its incursion in Gaza," she added, while pressing Palestinian leaders to put an end to the firing of rockets on Israeli territory.
Italian Foreign Minister Massimo D'Alema suggested that the strike was a deliberate action by the Israeli government to stop Hamas from forming a government of national unity in the Palestinian territories. He told his party's newspaper L'Unita, "What happened in Beit Hanoun is a result of political choices."
Russian Foreign ministry officials urged "both sides to stop the bloodbath – by ending these attacks, whose victims are totally innocent people, and taking urgent measures to stabilise the situation and restart political dialogue."
Syrian foreign ministry officials called the incident a "savage attack", "a challenge to the international community" that "must be vehemently condemned." Syria also asked the UN Security Council to stop "massacres" committed by Israel and punish it for its "repeated crimes."
Turkish foreign ministry officials described it as a "disproportionate and indiscriminate use of force" that will lead into indefinite postponement of peaceful co-existence between Israelis and the Palestinians.
United Kingdom Foreign Secretary Margaret Beckett said: "It is hard to see what this action was meant to achieve and how it can be justified... Israel must respect its obligation to avoid harming civilians."
United States Ambassador John Bolton said that while Washington deeply regretted the loss of Palestinian lives, it also believed that Israel has the right "to defend itself and the lives of its citizens".
References
External links
Video: Technical Error at Beit Hanoun, documentary featuring interviews with surviving members of the al-Athamneh family; the executive director of B'Tselem; and the head of the Israeli Defense Forces foreign-press unit (interviews conducted in January 2007).
Beit Hanoun
Israeli attacks against the Gaza Strip
November 2006 events in Asia
2006 in the Gaza Strip
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit formerly, Al Jazeera Investigates, the outward facing name for journalists from Al Jazeera Media Network's Investigative Journalism Directorate.
The Investigative Unit
The Investigative Unit has bureaux in Doha, London and Washington DC. It was formed in 2012 when Al Jazeera decided to create a specialized team whose sole mission was to generate breakthrough content. The I-Unit describes itself as producing "original journalism that disrupts the global news agenda. Its mission is to speak truth to power by exposing wrongdoing while acting in the public interest."
Clayton Swisher became the I-Unit's first director following the success of The Palestine Papers and an investigation into the death of Yasser Arafat. In 2018, the former BBC reporter and filmmaker Phil Rees took over the unit. I-Unit investigators generate exclusive content for platforms within Al Jazeera Media Network. This material is presented in multiple languages, visual and audio media, ranging in duration from 30 seconds to two hours. The I-Unit's documentaries have won over forty awards and in December 2019, it began its own podcast, series, Al Jazeera Investigates.
Notable investigations that made global headlines include Pakistan's Bin Laden Dossier, The Spy Cables, Inside Kenya's Death Squads, The Dark Side, The Lobby, Cricket's Match Fixers, How to Sell a Massacre, and Anatomy of a Bribe. The I-Unit operates under the codes and practices of Britain's Office of Communications, which supports the finest traditions of public service journalism.
Awards and nominations
44th Graham Perkin Journalist of the Year Award – Journalist of the Year Award – Nominated
Broadcast Award - Best News and Current Affairs Programme – How to Sell a Massacre – Nominated
WALKLEYS - Investigative Journalism / Scoop of the Year – How to Sell a Massacre – Winner – Investigative Journalism – Nominated / Scoop of the Year
FPA AWARDS - TV Documentary of the Year – How to sell a Massacre – Sports Story of the Year – Cricket's Match Fixers – The Munawar Files – Nominated
LOVIE AWARDS – News and Politics – Karaoke Chemist – Gold Winner
AIB – Association for International Broadcasting - International Documentary – How to Sell a Massacre – Winner
NMRA Kennedy Awards - Scoop of the Year / Journalist of the Year and Outstanding Investigative Journalism – How to Sell a Massacre / Peter Charley – Winner
DIG AWARDS - Long Investigative – Generation Hate EP2 – Nominated
Headliner Awards - Cricket's Match Fixers – The Munawar Files – Third Place Nomination
BAFTA – Current Affairs – Football's Wall of Silence – Nominated
Banff World Media Festival – Rockie Awards – Crime and Investigative – Generation Hate – Nominated
New York Festival TV & Film Awards – The Oligarchs – Current Affairs – Gold – The Oligarchs – Business / Finance – Gold – Football's Wall of Silence – Current Affairs – Gold – Football's Wall of Silence- Sports – Gold – Islamophobia – Current Affairs – Gold
Islamophobia – Religious – Silver – Cricket's Match Fixers – Current Affairs – Gold – Cricket's Match Fixer – Sport – Silver
British Sports Journalism - Television Sport Factual or Feature – Football's Wall of Silence – Nominated
Broadcast Award – Best News and Current Affairs Programme – Football's Wall of Silence – Highly Commended
AIB AWARDS - Investigative Documentary – Football's Wall of Silence – Highly Commended
Wildscreen Festival – Panda Awards – Documentary – The Poacher's Pipeline – Nominated
See also
All the Prime Minister's Men
The Lobby (TV series)
This is Only the Tip of the Iceberg
References
External links
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit Official site
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit Twitter page
Al Jazeera Investigates The Podcast
Al Jazeera English original programming
Al Jazeera America original programming
2006 television series debuts
English-language television shows
Documentary television series
Current affairs shows
Muthuthanthrige Rajitha Hiran Chamikara Fernando (born 11 July 1981) (), popularly known as Rajitha Hiran is an actor in Sri Lankan Cinema, stage drama and television. Particularly acting in comedy roles, Hiran is best known for the role of Ping Pong in the television serial Thattu Gewal, which became his trademark of the career.
Personal life
Chamikara is an old boy of Prince of Wales' College, Moratuwa.
Chamikara is married to his longtime partner Andrea. They have two daughters. His wife Andrea is from Indian descent and is a Tamil Catholic. Chamikara is a Sinhala Buddhist.
His uncle Hemasiri Sellapperuma is also a renowned artist.
Career
He started acting career through the television series Thattu Gewal. His character Ping Pong was highly popularized. Chamikara started his film career with Cheriyo Holman in 2002, directed by Parakrama Jayasinghe with a minor role. Then he continued to be a popular comedian in his generation and became very popular through the films Somy Boys, Ulath Ekai Pilath Ekai and Kolamba Sanniya Returns. In 2021, he appeared in the stage play Kakkoth Ekka Behe.
Filmography
No. denotes the Number of Sri Lankan film in the Sri Lankan cinema.
References
External links
Actor Rajitha Hiran Reveals Good News
Hiran Rajitha හිරාන් රජිත
Radio play Nimasara on Sri FM
Rajitha Hiran videos
Dummalawarama marks 10th anniversary
මඩවලට 'පිං පොන්'ගෙනුත් සැර උත්තරයක්
මස් එල්ලෙන නළුවෝ - Rajitha Hiran - ping pong
ගේ ඉස්සරහ හෙලුවෙන් ඉන්න යන රජිත
ඒ අදහස රජිත නිසා වෙනස් වුණා - රජිතගේ බිරිය ඇන්ඩ්‍රියා
පිංපොංගේ අලුත් වැඩක්
Sri Lankan male film actors
Sinhalese male actors
Living people
1981 births
The N102 is a main transportation artery in Bangladesh, between Comilla and Brahmanbaria. It connects Chittagong Division to Sylhet Division. The highway is known along various stretches as the Comilla-Sylhet Highway. http://rthd.portal.gov.bd/sites/default/files/files/rthd.portal.gov.bd/page/9b7d5069_9a30_4fe4_85ec_9db4f2f3966b/rrcbp.pdf
The highway
The highway, connecting the Comilla and Brahmanbaria districts of Chittagong Division, runs approximately 82 km (51 mi) from Sarail, an upazila in the Brahmanbaria district, to Mainamati, of Comilla.
The highway cuts through the Burichang, Brahmanpara upazila in Comilla district and Kasba, Brahmanbaria Sadar and Sarail upazila in Brahmanbaria district.
Brahmanbaria section
At in length, the Brahmanbaria section of the highway starts in Sarail biswa road crossing (Connecting with N2).
Comilla section
At in length, the Comilla section of the highway starts in Makimpur in Brahmanpara Upazila.
References
National Highways in Bangladesh
Raul Guilherme Martins, better known as Raul (born 13 March 1990 in Curitiba), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back.
Career
He played in the base of the rival, Coritiba in 2005, the same year he arrived in Fin.
Had the first chance in professional Altet in 2009, playing Brazilian, almost all of that holder. In 2010 was not explained away by problems, returned to base. In 2010 it overcame the problems and returned to the club's professional team.
Career statistics
(Correct )
Contract
Atlético Paranaense.
Honours
Club
Atlético Paranaense
Campeonato Paranaense: 2009
International
Brasil U-17
Campeonato Sul Americano (U-17): 2005, 2007
References
External links
ogol.com
soccerway
sambafoot
1990 births
Sportspeople from Curitiba
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Club Athletico Paranaense players
Joinville Esporte Clube players
Botafogo Futebol Clube (SP) players
Fortaleza Esporte Clube players
Boa Esporte Clube players
Londrina Esporte Clube players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Association football defenders
Hulme is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alan Hulme (1907–1989), Australian politician
Alfred Hulme (1911–1982), New Zealand recipient of the Victoria Cross
Arthur Hulme (1877–1916), English footballer
Darren Hulme (born 1977), Australian rules footballer
David Hulme (rugby league), British rugby league footballer
David Russell Hulme (born 1951), Welsh conductor and musicologist
Denny Hulme (1936–1992), New Zealand car racer, F1 world champion
Etta Hulme (1923–2014), American editorial cartoonist
F. Edward Hulme (1841–1909), English artist and botanist
Fred Hulme, English rugby league footballer of the 1950s
Joe Hulme (1904–1991), English footballer and cricketer
John Hulme (Derbyshire cricketer) (1862–1940), English cricketer
John Hulme (Shropshire cricketer) (born 1950), Welsh cricketer
John Hulme (author) (born 1969), American children's writer and film director
Anne Perry (born 1938 as Juliet Hulme), English author of historical detective fiction
Kathryn Hulme (1900–1981), American novelist
Keri Hulme (1947–2021), New Zealand writer
Lachy Hulme (born 1971), Australian film actor
T. E. Hulme (1883–1917), English writer
W. Wilson Hulme II (1946–2007), American Curator of the National Postal Museum
William Hulme (circa 1631–1691), English lawyer
William Hulme (British Army officer) (died 1855), Manchester Regiment officer
English-language surnames
Miss Spain 2019 may refer to these events:
Miss Universe Spain 2019, Miss Spain 2019 for Miss Universe 2019
Miss World Spain 2019, Miss Spain 2019 for Miss World 2019
A pig scalder is a tool that was used to soften the skin of a pig after it had been killed to remove the hair from its skin. Because people rarely slaughter and process their own pigs anymore, pig scalders are seldom used for domestic use.
Modern swine processing plants use industrial scalders as part of their slaughterhall process.
There were many shapes and sizes for scalders depending on materials used to construct it and how much was spent on it. In general, a pig scalder looks like a very large pot or tub. It would be made of wood or metal, though a metal scalder meant that you could build a fire beneath the scalder in order to heat the water inside. In New Zealand, many farmers use their old cast iron bathtubs for this job, but the tubs are becoming harder to acquire. Metal scalders were also easier to clean after use.
See also
Pig slaughter
Scalding-house
References
Farming tools
Pig farming
Meat industry
Franconian culture
Viola Fletcher (née Ford; born May 5, 1914), also known as Mother Fletcher, is the oldest known survivor of the Tulsa race massacre. One hundred years after the massacre, she testified before Congress about the need for reparations.
Early life
Fletcher was born May 5, 1914, in Comanche, Oklahoma to Lucinda Ellis and John Wesley Ford. She was the second oldest of eight children. She has a younger brother, Hughes Van Ellis, who was a newborn at the time of the massacre and as of 2021 was 100. The house had no electricity. Before moving to Tulsa the family were sharecroppers. In Tulsa the family attended St. Andrew, a Black Baptist church.
Fletcher told Congress that due to family circumstances after the massacre, she left school after the 4th grade.
Experiences during the massacre
Her family, including four of her siblings, was living in Greenwood, a wealthy Black neighborhood of Tulsa, at the time of the massacre. Fletcher was seven years old at the time of the massacre. She was in bed asleep on May 31, 1921, when the massacre began; her mother woke the family and they fled. The family lost everything but the clothes they were wearing. She is the oldest known survivor of the massacre. She sleeps sitting up on her couch with the lights on.
In 2022 Fletcher, her brother, and Randle received $1M from New York philanthropist Ed Mitzen.
Testimony before Congress
Fletcher testified about reparations before the U.S. Congress on May 19, 2021, along with her 100-year-old brother Hughes and Lessie Benningfield Randle who was 106.
Fletcher told Congress:
She testified that the city of Tulsa had used the names of victims and images of the massacre to generate money for the city.
Visit to Ghana
In August 2021 Fletcher and her brother Hughes visited Ghana. They met with Ghanaian president Nana Akufo-Addo. She was crowned a "queen mother" and given several Ghanaian names, including Naa Lamiley, which means, “Somebody who is strong. Somebody who stands the test of time”, Naa Yaoteley, which means “the first female child in a family or bloodline”, and Ebube Ndi Igbo.
Oral history project
Fletcher was interviewed in 2014 for an oral history project conducted by the Oklahoma Oral History Research program and the Oklahoma State University College of Human Sciences.
Personal life
In 1932, at the age of 18, she married Robert Fletcher and moved with him to California, where they both worked in shipyards, Viola as an assistant welder. They returned to Oklahoma after World War II and raised three children while she worked cleaning houses. Fletcher worked until she was 85.
Fletcher was also known as Mother Fletcher or Mother Viola Fletcher.
References
1914 births
Living people
African-American women
American centenarians
People from Oklahoma
Tulsa race massacre
Women centenarians
Juan Yañez (born 14 April 1958) is a Mexican water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1958 births
Living people
Mexican male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Mexico
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Rural Municipality of Willow Bunch No. 42 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 3 and Division No. 2. It is located in the south central portion of the province.
History
The RM of Willow Bunch No. 42 incorporated as a rural municipality on November 21, 1912.
Heritage properties
There is one historical building located within the RM.
Grand Valley Lutheran Church - Constructed in 1916, in Grand Valley
Geography
Communities and localities
The following urban municipalities are surrounded by the RM.
Towns
Willow Bunch
The following unincorporated communities are within the RM.
Organized hamlets
Scout Lake
Localities
Grand Valley
Gye
Lisieux
Little Woody
Saint Victor, dissolved as a village February 26, 2003
Twin Valley
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Willow Bunch No. 42 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Willow Bunch No. 42 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Government
The RM of Willow Bunch No. 42 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the second Monday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Denis Bellefleur while its administrator is Sharleine Eger. The RM's office is located in Willow Bunch.
Transportation
The RM is a part owner of the Fife Lake Railway. The Willow Bunch Airport was an airport located within the municipality. The airport closed in 2009.
References
Willow Bunch
Division No. 3, Saskatchewan
Carenum ineditum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1869.
References
ineditum
Beetles described in 1869
Shilpi Sharma (born 26 March 1983), sometimes credited as Shilpi Mudgal, is an Indian actress, model and DJ.
Early life and education
Sharma originates from a city called Dholpur in the state of Rajasthan, near the city of Agra. She hails from The Jagan Family, one of the most well-known and powerful political and entrepreneurial families in the Indian state of Rajasthan. Her late father, Murari Lal Sharma, served as Nagar Palika, Chairman of Dholpur as Pradhan; her mother and brothers are similarly involved in business and governmental departments. Her uncle Banwari Lal Sharma is a Congress candidate and served as an MLA & Minister for over two decades. Her Brother Ritesh Sharma was a Mayor of Dholpur.
She studied in Nainital & Mumbai and has a degree in acting and interior designing from New York, United States.
As a DJ
In 2014, as a DJ, Sharma became famous for remixing the song "Baby Doll" from the movie Ragini MMS 2. She touched new heights when her song "Chittiyaan Kalaiyaan" from the movie Roy was released. She has been remixing most of Shah Rukh Khan's film songs. Shilpi Sharma is on a roll with her three super hit remixes for the film Dilwale. Produced all-time chartbuster remixes of Shahrukh Khan's films Dilwale, Jab Harry Met Sejal, Happy New Year, Dear Zindagi, and Raees. Her official Dilwale Soundtrack Remix Album was launched by Shah Rukh Khan himself. She is the only female DJ in India to have her own show on 9XM channel – 9XM House of Dance (two seasons 2020 & 2021): the biggest party mashup show in the country.
Sharma is voted as the top-ranking DJs in India consecutively for the last two years by DJanemag.
TV advertisement
Sharma started her career by acting in television advertisements. She was the face of Pears Soap for five years. She did ads for other brands such as HSBC, Larsen & Tubro, Icici, Khaitan Fans, Babool Toothpaste, Nippo Gold Batteries with Rahul Dravid, McDonald's, Park Avenue, and Colgate
Film career
After doing a number of ads, she made her movie debut as a lead actress with director N. Chandra's comedy thriller Style. She was next cast as a lead actress opposite Sunny deol in Rahul Rawail's Jo Bole So Nihaal. She made a brief appearance in Subhash Ghai's film, Right Yaa Wrong.
In 2012, she has acted in Madhur Bhandarkar's film Heroine, this drama film was written, directed, and co-produced by Madhur Bhandarkar. In the film, Shilpi Sharma's character name was Isha Sharma. Shilpi described her chance in Bhandarkar as "a family friend" who was approached by the director to play a glamorous role. Shilpi is also currently signed for many Bollywood films. Shilpi also did a special appearance in the film Thank You.
Awards and recognition
DJ Shilpi Sharma received Young Women Achievers Award.
Felicitated by ex-President Pratibha Patil for her work towards social causes.
Filmography
Discography
See also
List of Indian film actresses
References
External links
Indian film actresses
Actresses in Hindi cinema
21st-century Indian actresses
Living people
1977 births
People from Rajasthan
Edmond Modeste Lescarbault (1814, Châteaudun - 1894), was a French doctor and an amateur astronomer, best remembered for his 1859 supposed observation of the non-existent planet Vulcan.
He graduated and obtained his diploma in 1848. He then started to work as a doctor in Orgères-en-Beauce and worked there until 1872 (the street where he worked is now named after him). A keen astronomer, he built an observatory with a 3.75 inches (95 mm) refractor by his house and began correspondence with various scientific societies. On 26 March 1859 he saw a small object transiting the Sun and having heard of Le Verrier's theory of an intramercurial planet named Vulcan, he wrote a letter to the astronomer and was consequently visited by him in December 1859. Le Verrier announced the discovery on 2 January 1860. Lescarbault became Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur and was invited to appear before numerous learned societies.
His manuscripts, including correspondence with Camille Flammarion, are kept in Bibliothèque Municipale in Châteaudun. He died in 1894.
See also
Vulcan (hypothetical planet)
Urbain Le Verrier
References
External links
About E. M. Lescarbault, with photos, in French
19th-century French astronomers
1814 births
1894 deaths
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
People from Châteaudun
The Critics' Choice Real TV Awards are accolades for nonfiction, unscripted and reality television content presented by the Critics Choice Association and NPACT. They were established in 2018, and the first ceremony was held on June 2, 2019, and streamed on VH1 on June 9.
Categories
Award ceremonies
2019
2020
2021
2022
References
American television awards
Awards established in 2018
Lake Thompson is a former lake in California. The name is derived from an academic who first speculated on the possibility that a lake existed in lower Antelope Valley. It occupied the area of the lower Antelope Valley and of the lakes Rogers Lake and Rosamond Lake during the Pleistocene. It dried up during the Holocene.
Context
During the Pleistocene, a number of lakes formed in the deserts of North America, these include Lake Bonneville in Utah, Lake Lahontan in Nevada, a cascade of lakes after Owens Lake, Lake Mojave and Lake Manly in California. Their formation was directed by cold periods of the last glacial maximum and other climate oscillations such as the Younger Dryas that reduced evaporation in the deserts, as well as storm tracks that were displaced south by the continental ice sheets.
The lake
Lake Thompson was kidney shaped and covered a surface of (at first it was believed to have covered a surface of ). It developed in the westernmost Mojave Desert, covering much of the Antelope Valley to elevations of , with additional shorelines suggested at elevations of . Two islands existed in the water body, cliffs have been cut at some sites along its former shore and there are dunes as well.
Stickleback fish may have entered the lake through Peninsular Ranges drainages and a number of different animals from snails over fish, amphibians, reptiles, birds to mammoths have been found in lake sediments.
Present-day Boron, California, Kramer, California, Lancaster, California and Rosamond, California lies in the bed of the former lake; urbanization along with the growth of alluvial fans has buried the shores of the former lake at many sites.
Hydrology
The catchment of Lake Thompson covers a surface area of and is bordered by the San Gabriel Mountains to the south and the Tehachapi Mountains in the west. Several creeks (such as Little Rock Creek) descending from the mountains nourished the lake, the lake had a number of tributaries.
When waters reached an elevation of , the maximum depth of the lake would have been about based on borehole data. It is possible that Lake Thompson overflowed northwards, into the Fremont Valley;. presently the sill that water would have to flow over is too high for spilling of a lake to occur, but later sedimentation may have raised the sill. An overflow eastward close to Boron, California towards the Mojave River and/or Lake Harper is also possible but less likely.
History
A number of lakes developed in the basin of Lake Thompson during the Cenozoic. Deep lakes existed around 36,000 and later as well as 16,200 - 12,600 years before present, with shallower lakebodies around 26,000 - 21,000 years before present, and desiccation between 21,000 - 16,200 years before present as well as during the Holocene. A further lake level increase may have occurred 7,700 years before present.
The lake does not exist anymore, owing to a drier present-day climate, although parts of its former bed can flood during wet winters. Rogers Lake, Rosamond Lake and Buckskin Lake are located on the bed of former Lake Thompson. The rest of the lakebed is covered with lacustrine sediments, although fluvial and aeolian sediments also cover parts of the lakefloor.
References
Sources
Pleistocene California
Thompson
Thompson
Thompson
Amaranthe is the debut studio album by Swedish heavy metal band Amaranthe. The album was released April 11, 2011 and reached #35 and #16 on the Swedish and Finnish charts respectively. It also topped the Japanese Import charts beating Lady Gaga. A deluxe edition was released in October 2011, featuring two bonus tracks and a DVD.
Track listing
Notes
On streaming services and digital stores, "Rain" is alternatively titled "It's All About Me".
Personnel
Amaranthe
Elize Ryd – clean vocals (female)
Jake E – clean vocals (male)
Andy Solveström – harsh vocals
Olof Mörck – guitars, keyboards, co-producer, mixing
Johan Andreassen – bass
Morten Løwe Sørensen – drums
Additional musicians
Elias Holmlid – keyboards and arrangements on "Amaranthine"
Pagaard Wolff – additional guitar on "Amaranthine"
Production
Jacob Hansen – producer, engineer, mixing, mastering
Jeppe Andersson – co-producer
Charts
Release history
References
2011 debut albums
Amaranthe albums
Spinefarm Records albums
Albums produced by Jacob Hansen
SM UB-120 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 23 March 1918 as SM UB-120.
UB-120 was surrendered to the British on 24 November 1918 in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany. She was broken up in Swansea in 1922
Construction
She was built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction, launched at Bremen on 23 February 1918. UB-120 was commissioned later the same year under the command of Oblt.z.S. Richard Plum. Like all Type UB III submarines, UB-120 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-120 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-120 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Her engines enabled her to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
Summary of raiding history
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
U-boats commissioned in 1918
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
The Portrait of Perugino is a portrait of the Italian Renaissance artist Perugino attributed to his pupil Raphael or to Lorenzo di Credi. It was produced around 1504 and is now in the Uffizi gallery, Florence.
History
The painting is known to have been in the Florentine Galleries since as early as 1704, when it was identified as a portrait of Martin Luther and was attributed to Hans Holbein the Younger. In an 1825 comment to Giorgio Vasari's Vite, it was listed as a Portrait of Verrocchio by Lorenzo di Credi. Adolfo Venturi in 1922 attributed it to Perugino himself, while the attribution to Raphael appeared in the 1930s.
The identification with Perugino is today ascertained thanks to the evident similarities with the self-portrait in the Collegio del Cambio. Copies of the painting exist in Vienna, London, Bergamo, Rome and in the Gallerie dell'Accademia in Venice.
See also
Portrait of Lorenzo di Credi
References
Perugino
Paintings by Raphael in the Uffizi
1504 paintings
George Augustus Gates (January 24, 1851 - November 20, 1912) was an American Congregational minister and university administrator. He was the president of Grinnell College from 1887 to 1900, Pomona College from 1902 to 1909, and Fisk University from 1909 to 1912.
Early life
George Augustus Gates was born on January 24, 1831, in Topsham, Vermont. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1873. After studying in Germany for two years, he graduated from the Andover Theological Seminary in 1880, when he was ordained as a Congregationalist minister.
Career
Gates served as a Congregationalist minister in Upper Montclair, New Jersey, from 1880 to 1887. He was also the pastor of the First Congregational Church of Cheyenne, Wyoming, from January to November 1901.
Gates was the president of Iowa College, now known as Grinnell College, from 1887 to 1900, and Pomona College in California from 1902 to 1909. He served as the third president of Fisk University, a historically black university in Nashville, Tennessee, from 1909 to 1912. Upon his inauguration at Fisk in 1910, the university received $5,000 from the General Education Board.
Gates was awarded an honorary D.D. degree from Dartmouth College in 1892 and an honorary LL.D degree from the University of Nebraska in 1893. According to The New York Sun, "Dr. Gates was considered one of the foremost leaders in the higher education of the negro race."
Personal life and death
Gates married Isabelle Augusta Smith in 1882. He fell ill due to a "severe accident" in 1912, and died on November 20, 1912, in Winter Haven, Florida.
Selected works
References
Further reading
1851 births
1912 deaths
People from Topsham, Vermont
Dartmouth College alumni
Andover Theological Seminary alumni
Presidents of Grinnell College
Presidents of Pomona College
Presidents of Fisk University
American Congregationalist ministers
19th-century Congregationalist ministers
20th-century Congregationalist ministers
20th-century American clergy
19th-century American clergy
The Australian logrunner (Orthonyx temminckii) is a species of bird that is endemic to eastern Australia where it uses unique foraging techniques and adaptations to search for its food on the floors of temperate, subtropical, or tropical moist lowland forests in south-eastern Australia. Until 2002, it was widely considered to be conspecific with the New Guinea logrunner, but studies showed the two differ significantly, both genetically and vocally.
It is known by a number of common names including spine-tailed logrunner, spine-tail, logrunner, scrub quail and chowcilla.
Systematics
The Australian logrunner is a Passeriform in the family Orthonychidae. It is one of only three species within the single Orthonyx genus; the other two are the chowcilla (Orthonyx spaldingii) from northern Queensland and the New Guinean logrunner (Orthonyx novaeguineae) from Papua New Guinea.
Description
Logrunners as a group are characterised within their group by their distinctive tail feathers where the rachis (or central shafts) of the tail feathers protrude and are stiffened. The broad tail of the bird is less than four inches (10 cm) in length and the strong protruding rachis at the ends of the tail feathers are almost void of the usual barbs, giving the feather the appearance of spines. This appearance gives rise to some of the common names for the bird such as spine-tail or spine-tailed logrunner.
There appears to be some debate about the number of tail feathers possessed by the Australian logrunner. For example, some references state that the logrunner only has 10 tail feathers whilst other references describe the bird as having 12 tail feathers. Most birds are described as having 12 tail feathers but there are notable exceptions to this.
The logrunner is not unique in having atypical tail feather structures. Other birds, such as the Greater Melampitta (Melampitta gigantea), also have spiny and stiffened tail feathers, but not to the same extent as the logrunner. Birds such as creepers, woodpeckers, swifts and penguins are also known to use their modified tail feathers as braces and supports.
The logrunner's head and back are a reddish-brown colour; the wings are mainly black; and the tail is dark brown. The wing-coverts are tipped with grey and the eyebrow and ear-coverts grey. The throat, breast and abdomen feathers are white. In the female, the throat is an orange-rufous colour. The male is also larger than the female.
Distribution and habitat
The Australian logrunner is found in South Eastern Australia from the Illawarra district in NSW to the Bunya Mountains in Queensland. Its preferred habitat is characterised by the leafy floor of rainforests, rich with scattered logs, forest debris, ferns, vines and saplings.
Behaviour
The most characteristic behaviour of the logrunner is its foraging technique that involves the bird propping against its spiny tail and then scrapping or throwing leaf debris aside with its feet. Once the larger debris is removed, logrunners then use their tail as a brace and scratch the exposed soil looking for food. This scratching leaves “soup-plate” depressions in the debris that are about 150 mm in diameter.
The sideways sweeping action of the legs whilst foraging is unique to logrunners and is possible due to the distinctive structure of the logrunner's pelvis and hind legs. For example, the pelvis is short and broad and the femur is stout with strongly developed projections that support the attachment of the strong muscles needed to support its foraging technique.
Logrunners are described as noisy birds with performances of loud songs and calls, especially in the mornings. These songs and calls are believed to play either a territorial or sexual function.
Diet
The logrunner diet consists mainly of insects and other invertebrates uncovered via foraging on the forest floor.
Social organisation and reproduction
Logrunners live in pairs or in small groups and defend their territory aggressively from neighbouring birds. They are believed to form monogamous and permanent bonds.
The female lays two eggs that are approximately 1.14 × 0.94 inches (29 × 24 mm) in size. The eggs are white in colour and have an oval shape. The incubation period for the eggs is between 20 and 25 days.
There appears to be some difference across references with respect to when the logrunner breeds. For example, some state that the bird breeds between April and October, others state that this occurs usually between May and August, whilst others state that breeding can occur at any time but usually between July and December.
The eggs are laid in a nest that is a large, domed nest with a ramp. It is formed with sticks, ferns, leaves and natural fibres and is generally covered with green moss. The nests are lined with smaller material and leaves. The nests are generally constructed against a stone or log, or in a in tree buttress but nests are also sometimes constructed in dense forest vines or ferns close to the ground. There appears to be some variety in the construction material and appearance of logrunner nests.
Logrunners conceal their nests by placing leaves and sticks from the surrounding environment on top of the nest, as well as building a hood over the entrance to the nest with mosses also collected from nearby.
The process of building the nest has been observed in some detail and involves:
Initially laying down a foundation platform of up to 50 mm of short and strong dry sticks
Then using short strong sticks to build up around the sides and back of the platform and curved in over the top to form a roof
The roof and walls are then covered with dry leaves and moss to a thickness of around 25 mm
Concealment is further improved by placing dry leaves and twigs on top of the moss roof
The moss roof is extended and slopes towards the front of the nest to form a hood or awning over the entrance (almost concealing the entrance)
Finally, the inside of the nest is lined with dry vegetation such as bark, dry moss and fern fibre.
Nests construction is performed by the female and she is solely responsible for incubating the eggs which takes between 20–25 days. The female is also responsible for rearing the young until they leave the nest which takes between 16–19 days. Both male and female appear to share responsibility for feeding the young after they leave the nest.
References
Sources
del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2006). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 12: Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Editions.
THE ATLAS OF LIVING AUSTRALIA. (2015). Orthonyx temminckii : Australian Logrunner.
Australian logrunner
Australian logrunner
Birds of Queensland
Birds of New South Wales
Endemic birds of Australia
Australian logrunner
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Benny Alba (born May 7, 1949) in Columbus, Ohio, is an artist who lives in Oakland, California.
Early life and career
Alba's great grandmother was an oil painter and her grandmother trained as a concert pianist. Alba's mother, Marjorie, held a Master of Fine Arts degree in ceramics from Ohio State University, teaching at Ohio State University Academy. Alba's father, an engineer, was an inventor and CEO of Oasis (also known as Ebco), a Fortune 500 company. Art was an important topic in her childhood home.
During high school, Alba artist attended classes at Columbus Cultural Arts Center, part of the Columbus Parks and Recreation Department. Alba also studied at Penland School of Arts and Crafts summer program attending lithography and silk screening classes.
After high school, Alba traveled a summer with her Mother to Europe, where they visited museums and architectural sites in Germany and Italy. Alba then began her studies at Kent State University, with a focus on English literature. While there she witnessed the shootings at Kent State, and soon after left the University and her studies to live in Berkeley, California.
Six years later Alba enrolled in University of Michigan, earning a Bachelor of Psychology. During this period she began working in studio on a daily basis, starting as an abstract painter. Alba regularly organized artist groups for figure drawing sessions for years, along with a consciousness raising feminist group. She organized group exhibitions and began entering juried shows.
In 1984 Alba moved back to the San Francisco Bay Area to immerse herself in the rich mixture of cultures.
Major painting series
Alba's earliest interest was in printmaking – linocuts, lithography, and etching. Painting as her primary focus started while attending University of Michigan as a Psychology major. Exploring abstraction and color fields her work then moved to symbolism; a trend that continued for decades. Later on, Alba shifted to landscapes, with increasing focus on the sky as subject. Her work over these four decades can be categorized into several major bodies of work:
Old and New World (1980s) – A series of paintings and prints that speaks to the intermingling – rather than homogenization – of US cultures, including an awareness of Native American rights, and the importance of Native American thoughts and beliefs regarding North America as well as feminism
Alaska Journey (2000s) – Landscapes sourced from a drive trip through Canada to Alaska. This series marks the artist's shift from symbolism to landscape as an exclusive topic. The series includes paintings and prints.
Beauty, Thy Name is Night (installation, 2007 – 2010) – Oil paintings depicting night often exhibited in near total darkness. Quotes by notable authors and philosophers describing night above and below were written in white chalk on flat black painted drops installed on walls. Imagery included tree silhouettes and the moon in various stages of its monthly cycle. Viewers were supplied with flashlights to seek out the quotes.
American Storms (2010 – current) – These are oil paintings of extreme winter storm weather experienced by the artist while delivering solo shows cross-country. Painted on canvas or paper, a few are large format of 10 to 14 feet wide.
Later career
Upon her move to California, Alba joined Apprentice Alliance, as Master teacher/artist in the San Francisco-based organization training apprentices for more than three decades. Alba frequently donated workshops on photographing artworks for art groups. Alba has sponsored poetry readings and musical events at her art exhibitions in museum and gallery solo shows. A decades-long collaboration between poetess Cynthia Harris and Alba included presentations together at Cody's Books in Berkeley, Jack London Square's Barnes & Noble Bookstore in Oakland, CA, as well as Alba's museum solo in Minnesota's North County Museum of Arts. For over 20 years, she hosted over two dozen guest artists as part of PRO ARTS East Bay Open Studios, an annual citywide public art event.
Alba has presented as a lecturer, served as guest speaker, and juried multiple exhibits throughout her career. She also serves on the boards of several art-related organizations. Following her move to California, she joined the local branch of the Women's Caucus for the Arts. After being juried into The California Society of Printmakers, Alba rose from artist member to board member and finally served as President 2003 - 2006.
In 2010, the Oakland City Crafts and Cultural Arts Gallery held a retrospective of Alba's works. This made visible many of the artistic influences over Alba's career – including works influenced by abstraction, symbolism, psychology, anthropology, archaeology, surrealism, and feminism.
Alba remains active, with solo exhibitions, teaching apprentices, public speaking, jurying exhibitions and judging awards, as well as serving as guest speaker.
Exhibitions
Alba's first group show was in Ohio at the Columbus Cultural Arts Center in 1980. Her first solo exhibition was the following year in the Loft Gallery at the same venue. Her first solo in California was in the Canessa Gallery in San Francisco. She has had over 100 solo exhibitions throughout the Commonwealth Club of California since then and participated in over 300 group shows in the US. Selected solo exhibitions include:
Hoyt Institute of Fine Art, New York
Las Vegas Art Museum, Las Vegas, Nevada
Maturango Museum, Ridgecrest, California
Oakland City Crafts and Cultural Arts Gallery, Oakland, California
Sedona Art Center, Sedona, Arizona
University of Mary, Welder Library, Bismarck, North Dakota
Valley Art Center, Clarkson, Washington
Western Wyoming Community College, Rock Springs, Wyoming
Alba's paintings and prints are held in public art collections, beginning with the acquisition of “Lost Blood: Ghost Dance” by the National Museum of Women in the Arts. Other collections include those of the Birmingham Museum of Art, Birmingham, Alabama; Greenpeace, San Francisco, California; Portland Art Museum, Gordon Gilkey Collection, Portland, Oregon; and Tyler Museum of Art, Tyler, Texas. “Far Away,” Alba's oil painting acquired by the Art in Embassies collection, Tashkent, Uzbekistan, is one of the rare Art in Embassies permanent purchases.
Selected bibliography
2016
"California artist Benny Alba's series American Storms on display at Heritage Center", Devils Lake Journal, Chuck Wickenhofer, Devil's Lake, North Dakota.
2015
"Benny Alba 1969 - 2013" , Publisher AlbaStudios, Oakland, California.
2014
Benny Alba, Alana Clearlake and Sarah Gordon Interviews. Hot Silica on Metal: The Art of Enameling. Maturango Museum, Ridgecrest, California
2010
“Alba Looks Back”, Contra Costa Times edition, San Jose Mercury News, Volume 99, #116, San Jose, California.
2009
“Painters with Fearless Brushes at Library Gallery”, The Orinda News, Elana O'Loskey, Orinda, California.
2004
“Limitless Possibilities”, Glass on Metal, volume 23, #4, Benny Alba, Bellevue, Kentucky. “Tools are Made but Born are Hands”, Glass on Metal, volume 23, #1, Benny Alba, Bellevue, Kentucky.
2002
“Full of Light, Full of Potential”, Inksmith, Benny Alba, spring edition Daniel Smith, Publisher, Seattle, Washington. “The Benefits of Archival Matting and Framing”, Inksmith, Daniel Smith Inks, Seattle, Washington.
2000
“Travels with Benny Alba”, The Arts Center Newsletter, January 2000, issue #22, Jamestown, North Dakota.
“Two Artists Live in a House of Discards”, Red Rock News, Nancy Robb Dunst, Sedona, New Mexico.
1999
“Alba's ‘Visions' Now a Reality at EMU”, Oregon Daily Emerald, Sarah Lieberth, Eugene, Oregon.
1997
“Artist Creates Escape for Ordinary Folks”, Merced Times, Gateway, Diane Booth, Merced, California.
1994
“Artist Likes Colors Bright, Bizarre”, Las Vegas Sun, Las Vegas, Nevada.
1993
“And Benny Jumped Over the Moon”, Columbus Alive!, Columbus, Ohio.
“Symbolism at Center of Alba's Works”, Columbus Dispatch, Leslie Constable, Columbus, Ohio.
1990
“Alba's Oils at Canessa Gallery”, San Francisco Arts Monthly, San Francisco, California.
“Alba's Show Blends Art and Poetry”, San Francisco Chronicle, San Francisco, California.
References
1949 births
Living people
20th-century American women artists
Artists from Columbus, Ohio
American women painters
University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts alumni
21st-century American women artists
Strangling From Within was released on 23 November 1999 by the Avant-garde metal project Peccatum. The themes on this album can mostly be described as symphonic and neo-classical as well as the more prominent black metal influences.
Female Vocalist Ihriel contributes largely to the operatics and symphonic feel of the album. This is further achieved through use of various classical instruments that feature briefly or that may have a more pronounced role. Namely violins, cellos and harpsichords which are often played during sections of ambience and spoken interludes.
Track listing
Where Do I Belong - 1:58
Speak of the Devil (As the Devil May Care) - 5:53
The Change - 3:01
The Song Which No Name Carry - 6:35
The Sand Was Made of Mountains - 3:02
I Breathe Without Access to Air - 3:50
The World of No Worlds - 8:46
And Pray for Me - 4:43
An Ovation to Art - 5:43
Credits
Ihsahn: Vocals, Keyboards, Strings
Ihriel: Vocals, Keyboards
Lord PZ: Vocals
1999 albums
Peccatum albums
Human evolutionary developmental biology or informally human evo-devo is the human-specific subset of evolutionary developmental biology. Evolutionary developmental biology is the study of the evolution of developmental processes across different organisms. It is utilized within multiple disciplines, primarily evolutionary biology and anthropology. Groundwork for the theory that "evolutionary modifications in primate development might have led to … modern humans" was laid by Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire, Ernst Haeckel, Louis Bolk, and Adolph Schultz. Evolutionary developmental biology is primarily concerned with the ways in which evolution affects development, and seeks to unravel the causes of evolutionary innovations.
The approach is relatively new, but has roots in Schultz's The physical distinctions of man, from the 1940s. Shultz urged broad comparative studies to identify uniquely human traits.
History
Brian Hall traces the roots of evolutionary developmental biology in his 2012 paper on its past present and future. He begins with Darwinian evolution and Mendel's genetics, noting the tendency of the followers of both men in the early 20th century to follow separate paths and to set aside and ignore apparently inexplicable problems. Greater understanding of genotypic and phenotypic structures from the 1940s enabled the unification of evolution and genetics in the modern synthesis. Molecular biology then enabled researchers to explore the mechanisms and evolution of embryonic development in molecular detail, including in humans.
Human and primate development
Many of the human evolutionary developmental biology studies have been modeled after primate studies and consider the two together in a comparative model. Brain ontogeny and human life history evolution were looked at by Leigh, in a 2006 paper. He compares brain growth patterns for Homo erectus and Homo sapiens to get at the evolution of brain size and weight. Leigh found three different patterns, all of which pointed to the growth rate of H. erectus either matching or exceeding H. erectus. He makes the case that this finding had wide application and relevance t the overall study of human evolution. It is pertinent specifically to the connections between energy expenditure and brain development. These finding are of specific utility in studies on maternal energy expenditure. Comparative study of nonhuman primates, fossils and modern humans to study patterns of brain growth to correlate human life history and brain growth.
Jeremy De Silva and Julie Lesnik examined chimpanzee neonatal brain size to identify implications for brain growth in Homo erectus. This changed the understanding of differences and similarities of post-natal brain growth in humans and chimpanzees. The study found that there was a distinction necessary between growth time and growth rate. The times of growth were strikingly similar, but the rates were not. The paper further advocates the use of fossils to assess brain size in general and in relation to cranial capacity.
Utilization of endocranial volume as a measure for brain size has been a popular methodology with the fossil record since Darwin in the mid 1800s. This measure has been used to access the metabolic requirements for brain growth and the subsequent trade-offs.
Neoteny
Some of the work on human evolutionary developmental biology has centered around the neotenous features that present in humans, but are not shared across the primate spectrum. Steven J. Gould discussed the presentation of neoteny with "terminal additions" in humans. Neoteny is defined as the delayed or slowed development in humans when compared with their non-human primate counterparts. The "terminal additions" were extensions or reductions in the rate and scope of stages of development and growth. Gould hypothesized that this process and production of neoteny in humans might be the key feature that ultimately lead to the emotional and communicative nature of humans. He credits this factor as an integral facet of human evolution. However, there have also been cautions against the application of this aspect to group ranking during it inappropriate as a measure of evolutionary achievement.
Fossil record
Early comparative and human studies examined the fossil record to measure features like cranial sizes and capacities so as to infer brain size, growth rate, total growth and potential implications for energy expenditure. Helpful as this is, the static nature of individual fossils presents its own challenge. The phylogenic fossil line is itself a hypothesis, so anything based upon it is equally hypothetical.
Using the fossil record of Neanderthals, modern humans, and chimpanzees, Gunz et al. examined that patterns of endocranial development. They found that there are common features shared between the three, and that modern humans diverge from these common patterns in the first year of life. They concluded that even though much of the developmental results are similar insofar as brain size, the trajectories by which they arrived are not shared. Most of the differences between the two arise post-natally, in the first year, with cognitive development.
There have been a number of studies that not only take incomplete fossil records into consideration, but have attempt to specifically identify the barriers presented by this condition. For example, Kieran McNulty covers the potential utilities and constraints of using incomplete fossil taxa to examine longitudinal development in Australopithecus africanis.
Many studies on development have been human-specific. In his 2011 paper, Bernard Crespi focused on adaptation and genomic conflict in childhood diseases. He considers the evolution of childhood diseases and their risk levels, and finds that both risk and disease have evolved.
Hotchberg and Belsky incorporate a life-history perspective, looking at adolescence. Substantial variation in phenotypic paths and presentations suggest significant environmental influence. They focus on plasticity between stages of development and the factors that shape it. Rate of maturation, fecundity, and fertility were all impacted by environmental circumstances. They argue that early maturation can be positive, reflecting opportunistic actions within specific conditions.
Genetic and epigenetic basis
Technological advances that have allowed better and better access to the growth of the human form in utero have proven particularly formative in studies involving focus on genetic and epigenetic development. Bakker et al. look at the interconnected nature of developmental processes and attempt to use fetal vertebral abnormalities as an indicator for other malformations. They found that the origin of the cells was not nearly as highly correlated as the observed developmental signals. In utero development and malformations were correlated in severity.
Freiston and Galis look at the development of ribs, digits, and mammalian asymmetry. They argue that this construction is relevant for the study of disease, the consistency in evolution of body plans, and understanding of developmental constraints. Sexual dimorphism in prenatal digit ratio was found as early as 14 weeks and was maintained whether or not the fleshy finger part was included.
Language and cognitive studies
Languages and cognitive function have also been subjects of evolutionary studies. Insofar as language and evolutionary developmental biology, there is tension from the gate. Much of this contention has centered around whether to view and study language as an adaptation in and of its self, or as a by-product of other adaptations. Jackendoff and Pinker have argued for language as an adaptation owing to the interdependent social nature of humans. To support these claims, he points to things like the bi-directionality in language usage and comprehension. This is a counter to the claims by theorists like Noam Chomsky, who argued against language as a human specific adaptation.
Adaptation and adaptive theory has been argued even separate from its utility in the study of language. Gould and Lewontin engage with what they saw as flaws in adaptive theory using the analogy of the spandrels of San Marco. Among the issues identified is the lack of distinction between what trait developed and how it is used, and the underlying reasons or forces that created the novel trait initially. This is particularly difficult to access in intangible language and cognition.
This debate has continued over decades and most often presents in the form of a response and published dialogue between theorists. This continued debate has prompted efforts to marry the two perspectives in a useful way. Fitch argues that these two approaches can be rectified with the study of "neutral computation and mammalian brain development". It may be more useful to consider specific components of neural computation and development, what has been selected for, and to what end.
Ploeger and Galis tackled modular evolvability and developmental constraints in human and other primate evolutionary trajectories. They argue that these should be treated with an interdisciplinary approach across the cognitive sciences. They frame this in the context of:
Modularity — the ability of a system to organize individuals for the benefit of the whole
Evolvability — ability of organism or organisms to adapt through evolution
Developmental constraints — those things that act as barriers to evolutionary adaptations.
See also
Regulation of gene expression
References
Sources
Evolutionary biology
Human population genetics
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 2000:.
2000
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 2000 at HKcinemamagic.com
2000
Lists of 2000 films by country or language
2000 in Hong Kong
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1655.
Events
February 24 – The English playwright Thomas Porter abducts his future bride Anne Blount.
March 26 – The playwright Thomas Porter kills a soldier named Thomas Salkeld in Covent Garden, probably in a duel, is consequently tried for murder, pleads guilty to manslaughter, is allowed benefit of clergy, and is sentenced to be burned in the hand.
May–October – Church of England clergyman Jeremy Taylor is imprisoned at Chepstow Castle for an injudicious preface to his popular manual of devotion, , published this year.
August 6 – The Blackfriars Theatre in London is demolished.
October 29 – To celebrate Lord Mayor's Day, Edmund Gayton's pageant Charity Triumphant or the Virgin Show is staged in London; it is the first City pageant in fifteen years.
New books
Prose
John Bramhall – Defense of True Liberty (Anglican divine begins exchange of treatises with Thomas Hobbes)
Margaret Cavendish, Duchess of Newcastle – The World's Olio
Nicholas Culpeper – Astrological Judgement of Diseases from the Decumbiture of the Sick
Thomas Fuller – The Church History of Britain
John Heydon – Eugenius Theodidacticus
Michel Millot and Jean L'Ange (attributed) – L'Escole des filles
William Prynne
A New Discovery of Free-State Tyranny
The Quakers Unmasked
Thomas Stanley – History of Philosophy
John Wallis – (attack on the works of Thomas Hobbes)
Izaak Walton – The Compleat Angler (2nd edition)
Baltasar Gracián – El comulgatorio
Francisco de Quevedo – Política de Dios y gobierno de Cristo (second part)
Diego de Saavedra Fajardo – Juicio de artes y ciencias
Drama
Antony Brewer – The Lovesick King
Lodowick Carlell – The Passionate Lovers, Parts 1 and 2
Robert Daborne – The Poor Man's Comfort
Robert Davenport – King John and Matilda
Thomas Heywood and William Rowley – Fortune by Land and Sea
Philip Massinger – Three New Plays, a collection that included The Guardian, The Bashful Lover, and (with John Fletcher) A Very Woman
James Shirley
The Gentleman of Venice
The Politician
Jeremy Taylor – . .Poetry
Henry Vaughan – Silex Scintillans (part 2)
Births
January 1 – Christian Thomasius, German philosopher (died 1728)
February 7 – Jean-François Regnard, French dramatist and diarist (died 1709)
February 28 – Johann Beer, Austrian author, court official and composer (died 1700)
c. November – Jacob Tonson, English bookseller and publisher (died 1736)unknown date – Lin Yining (林以寧), Chinese poet (died c. 1730)
Deaths
February 25 – Daniel Heinsius, Dutch poet (born 1580)
May 8 – Edward Winslow, English theologian, pamphleteer and New England politician (born 1595)
July 28 – Cyrano de Bergerac, French dramatist (born 1619)
September 7 – François Tristan l'Hermite, French dramatist (born c. 1601)
October 24 – Pierre Gassendi, French philosopher (born 1592)probable'' – John Reynolds, English poet, story-writer and pamphleteer (born c. 1588)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
The Shoalhaven River is a perennial river that rises from the Southern Tablelands and flows into an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary near Nowra on the South Coast of New South Wales, Australia.
Location and features
The Shoalhaven River rises on the eastern side of the Great Dividing Range, below Euranbene Mountain, about southwest of Sydney. The upper reaches of the river flow northwards through an upland pastoral district near the town of Braidwood. The river works its way down into a remote canyon east of Goulburn and emerges into the coastal lowlands at Nowra in the Shoalhaven district, where it is spanned by the historic Nowra Bridge. The river is joined by thirty-four tributaries, including the Mongarlowe, Corang, Endrick, and Kangaroo rivers, and descends over its course.
Berrys Canal
The estuary has two entrances, approximately apart, that flow into the Shoalhaven Bight within the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean. The southern entrance is located at Crookhaven Heads and is permanently open. The Shoalhaven River flows south via Berrys Canal to Greenwell Point, where it is joined by the Crookhaven River and then flows east past Orient Point into the bight, north of Culburra. The Berrys Canal between the Shoalhaven and the Crookhaven was constructed in June 1822 by convicts overseen by Hamilton Hume under the direction of Alexander Berry to facilitate ship transport to the original European settlement located in the region. The construction of the canal formed Comerong Island. The canal was dug using own hand tools, and was the first land navigable canal in Australia. Berrys Canal remains one of two navigable canals in New South Wales, the other being the Alexandra Canal.
The northern entrance is located south of Shoalhaven Heads, and is open intermittently, at times of peak flow and during flood events.
Use for water supply
Tallowa Dam is the only major dam on the Shoalhaven, and is a part of the Shoalhaven Scheme. It impounds the river's lower reaches to form Lake Yarrunga and part of Sydney's water supply. Some water is pumped out of the lake and over the Southern Highlands into Lake Burragorang. Proposals for a much larger water storage at Welcome Reef on the upper Shoalhaven have been shelved.
Environment
The Shoalhaven River and its main tributary the Kangaroo River were once renowned as an Australian bass fishery. Unfortunately, Tallowa Dam has been a potent barrier to migratory native fish with estuarine/marine juvenile stages, blocking species including Australian bass from more than 80% of their former range in the Shoalhaven system. Recent stockings of hatchery-bred Bass in Lake Yarrunga are an attempt to remediate the situation. A fishway for Tallowa Dam was completed in August 2009. This fishway is designed to allow for the movement of bass and other native fish over the dam. Lake Yarrunga has also suffered the illegal introduction of highly damaging European carp, which are now present in high densities.
History
Indigenous history
The traditional custodians of the land are Jerrinja tribal peoples the surrounding Shoalhaven River, in its lower reaches, are the Aboriginal peoples of the lower catchment are Jerrinja tribal peoples which are the traditional custodians of the Shoalhaven . Some of the culturally important Aboriginal places in the Shoalhaven include Coolangatta Mountain, Bundarwa (Beecroft Headland), Cambewarra Mountain, Didthul or Pigeon House Mountain, Kangaroo Valley, Burrill Lake, and Murramarang Aboriginal Area and its environs.
The upper part of the Shoalhaven river, in the district around modern-day Braidwood, is the traditional land of the Walbanga people.
European history
The explorer and navigator George Bass found the entrance to the Shoalhaven River during his whaleboat voyage down the south coast of New South Wales in 1797. He gave the name Shoals Haven to the river (now known as the Crookhaven River) because of the shoals of mud and sand he found at the river mouth.
Approximately west of Nowra are a series of properties along the banks of the Shoalhaven River that were a gift to the people of Australia from Arthur Boyd, his wife, Yvonne, and the Boyd family. Entrusted to the Bundanon Trust, along with further gifts by Boyd, including copyright of all of his artwork, these properties provide an environment that promotes visual arts, writing, music and other performing arts, and the promotion of education and research in the arts.
Crossings
The river crossings, from its headwaters to its river mouth, include:
Ballalaba bridge
Farringdon crossing between Farringdon and Bendoura
Bombay bridge
Warri Bridge carries the Kings Highway, near Braidwood. A bridge at this location was first opened on 23 September 1874, and later replaced by the current structure.
Stewart's Crossing is a ford on Stewart's Crossing Road.
Oallen Crossing was formerly a flood-prone single-lane timber bridge with a low-level concrete floodway for the Oallen Ford Road at Oallen Ford, near Nerriga, constructed in 1936. The timber bridge and floodway has been replaced by a longer higher concrete bridge crossing slightly downstream, around mid-2015 (date needs checking). . The new crossing is designed to permit higher speed travel and eliminates some sharp bends on the western side of the river and only to be overtopped by much deeper 1:20-year flood events.
Nowra Bridge carries the Princes Highway between Bomaderry and Nowra.
Comerong Island Ferry carries vehicles and pedestrians to Comerong Island near the river mouth.
Historically, there was once a ford crossing at the former village of Larbert.
Gallery
See also
List of rivers of New South Wales
List of rivers in New South Wales (L-Z)
Morton National Park
Rivers of New South Wales
Shoalhaven Scheme
References
Further reading
Rivers of New South Wales
City of Shoalhaven
South Coast (New South Wales)
Southern Tablelands
Chicken Island is an island located in the southeast of Dianbai district, Maoming, Guangdong province, China. Its original name is Fenzhou (汾洲) island and Wanzhou (湾舟) island. The distance from Chicken Island to continent is 8 nautical miles. The area of Chicken Island is 1.9 square kilometers and it is the biggest island in Maoming. The highest point on Chicken island is 122 miles and the visibility of the sea area around it is between 6 and 12 miles. The climate of Chicken island is subtropical climate.
History
Chicken island was located in the sea silk road. Over thousands of year, many ships used it to take a rest here. Chicken island has traces of the communication between ancient China and western countries.
Besides the witness of history, famous people had come to Chicken Island. Li Deyu, a politician in Tang dynasty, left a stone tablet here when he suffered a demotion in 848. He used the stone tablet to record the climbing in Chicken island and his demotion.
In 2004, Chen Mingzhe (陈明哲) bought the rights of using Chicken Island for fifty years. He spent 4.3 billion yuan to develop the island. Chicken Island has become the AAAA degree scenic spot in China.
Origin of the name
There are mainly two origins of the name which can be divided into history and myth reason.
History
One origin is about Li Deyu. He was an officer in Tang dynasty. After demoted by the court, he kept travelling and had been Chicken island. After his visit, people built a temple for him and exalted him as spirit. When ships went by, sailors would go to the temple and worship his spirit by releasing a chicken.
Myth
There are two myths about the origin of the name. Here is the first one. Long time ago, local sailors who needed to be navigated would put a chicken in this island and blessed for safety. Gradually, the name of the island became Chicken Island. In Chinese, Chicken island means the island is used to releasing chickens.
Here is the second story about the origin of this name. In the old time, sailor who came through this island, the wave was too huge that many boats had been destroyed. One day, there is a Buddhist looked at a boat team which was coming back and the boats were getting through the Wanzhou (湾舟) island. The Buddhist discovered that the billows looked like centipedes which were attacking the boats. Wanzhou (湾舟) island looked like a chicken. Therefore, he had an idea to solve the problem. He told sailors to build a temple in Wanzhou (湾舟) island and release some chickens there. These behaviors mean that they were using chicken to overcome the centipedes. After that, the sailors felt it makes sense and they kept doing it. Because releasing chicken means accumulate virtue in Chinese Buddhism. After that, the sea around Wanzhou (湾舟) island become quiet and peace. Sailors had got full tank of fishes and they felt it works. Therefore, whenever sailor go to work, they would release a chicken in Wanzhou (湾舟) island to accumulate virtue for safety. Gradually, people called it Chicken island.
Economy
Chicken Island was an uninhabited island. In June 2004, Chen Mingzhe (陈明哲), a Taiwanese attained fifty years use right of Chicken Island. After two years, they built up a wharf which depth is between 30 and 40 miles and width is 5 miles, a road which length is 9 kilometers which surrounds the island and completed the water system, hydro system and network system. He also develops Chicken Island into a tourist attraction. The table above is the tourist economy of Chicken island in 2011.
Tourist Attractions
The queen of heaven
The queen of heaven is located in the middle northern of Chicken island. The main building is a Chinese temple and it was built in February. In this attraction, it contains the queen of heaven(Huangji Palace), Nine Dragon Pool, Mercy room, Shun dhi pavilion, Nine-Dragon Wall, Mazu (goddess) culture wall, Bell Tower and vice versa. These are architectural attractions. Standing on square in this attraction, people can see all of the constructions. The queen of heaven is in the top of the attraction.
Chicken scenery
The second name for Chicken scenery is Chicken head scene. Chicken scenery is located in the northern of Chicken island. This area has been kept washing by the waves and formed the coastal erosion land shape. Therefore, rocks in here have different and strange shapes. There are some nature landscapes like the reef and different stones such as chicken headstone, kissing stone, lion stone and golden turtle. The name of these stones is created by metaphor. Chicken scenery is a suitable place for rock fishing.
Wishing tree
Wishing tree is located in the west of Chicken island. In this attraction, a banyan which is over one hundred years old has many roots on the rock wall. Wish cards hanging on the tree branches. In front of the banyan, a statue placed here. The statue has a myth. Long time ago, a fisher hit by storm and swam back to Chicken island. He saw Ji Gong reclining under the tree. Instead of answering the fisher's request, Jigong waved his hand fan and disappeared. When the fisher awoke, he found his ship was full of fishes and he saw Ji Gong sculptor is under the tree. After that, people hang wish cards on the tree and pray to Jigong.
Gold beach
Gold beach is a scenic area with beach and amusements which is surrounded by blue sea. Gold beach is located in northeastern Chicken island. The infrastructure here includes beach bars, beach stages, and a food street near the coastline. These entertainments open at night. Along with the coastline, there is a pavilion to view the sea and sunset.
Wild pineapple park
This is a theme park that contains many wild pineapple trees and some statues. The location of this park is the south of Chicken island. There are lots of wild pineapple trees which are over hundreds year old. The academic name of these trees is Pandanus tectorius. Besides wild pineapple trees, the park has the statues of Nanhai Guanyin, Nanhai turtle, Jin Chan and Paul the Octopus and some pavilions that related to these statues. Standing in the pavilion, people could see the sea rock topography, sea trough, and sea caves. Wild pineapple park is a proper place to watch sunset and go fishing in Chicken island.
Transportation
The chicken island is accessible by ship or speedboat. People need to take ship at the Bohe (博贺) dock which is located in Dianbai district. The ship from Bohe (博贺) dock can reach Chicken island dock.
Inside the island, bike and electric truck are the only transportation allowed.
References
External links
Chicken Island (Guangdong) website
Tourism in China
Islands of China
Luisa Bradshaw-White (born 9 December 1974) is a former English actress, known for playing Tina Carter in EastEnders and for her previous roles on Bad Girls, Holby City and This Life. She has also made appearances in television series such as Grange Hill, Birds of a Feather, The Bill and Doctors.
Career
She first became known for playing Maria Watts in the long-running BBC children's programme Grange Hill (1991–1994). She went on to act in several other notable television programmes including The Brittas Empire (1997); London's Burning (2001), A Touch of Frost (1997), the ITV police drama The Bill (1995; 1996; 1997), Birds of a Feather (1997; 1998), and Lorna Rose in Bad Girls in 1999.
In 1996, she played Kira in the popular BBC drama This Life. Film credits include Wonderful World (1998), The Escort, A Friendship in Vienna and playing Evita (the Hostess) in Mauvaise Passe (1999). Other notable television credits include roles in Big Bad World (1999); Bad Girls (1999) and Meaningful Sex (2000). She played nurse Lisa Fox in the BBC hospital drama Holby City (2001–2005).
Stage credits include Godspell (2001), Solitary Confinement, The Shagaround and playing Lady Anne in Richard III (1998). In 1997, Bradshaw-White along with fellow This Life cast member Ramon Tikaram (who played Ferdy) were invited by Elton John to appear in his music video for the song "Something About the Way You Look Tonight". On 18 November 2013, Bradshaw-White made her first appearance in the BBC soap opera EastEnders as the younger sister of established character, Shirley Carter (Linda Henry). In October 2020, it was announced that she would be leaving the programme with her final scenes airing on 28 December 2020 when she was killed off by Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith).
Personal life
Bradshaw-White married wife Annette Yeo in July 2015; the couple have two daughters.
She is a vegetarian.
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
English television actresses
English stage actresses
1974 births
Living people
LGBT actors from England
People from Eastcote
Actresses from London
People educated at Haydon School
English soap opera actresses
English lesbian actresses
20th-century LGBT people
21st-century LGBT people
Water to Thrive (W2T) is a faith-based American nonprofit that funds the building of wells in eastern Africa and spreads awareness about the African water crisis. The organization was founded in April 2008 by Dick Moeller after his bible study, in Austin, Texas, learned about the Ethiopian water crisis from the organization A Glimmer of Hope and decided to raise $5,000 to fund a well. Moeller's bible study ended up raising enough money for twelve wells. This overwhelming success inspired Moeller to establish Water to Thrive. Since 2008, the organization has built over 750 wells, primarily in Ethiopia, Uganda, and Tanzania.
Model
Water to Thrive partners with in-country organizations to provide the most effective water project for each community. After the partner organization prepares a proposal for funding and it is approved, Water to Thrive well-building campaign is launched in the United States. Campaigns are sponsored by churches, schools, individuals, or any interested group. Their goal is to raise $5,000 to build one well. Once the well is funded, building begins and can take 18-24 months. Water to Thrive and well sponsors are sent regular progress and completion reports. After a well is built, community members receive hygiene, sanitation, and well management and repair training. Water to Thrive also sends out teams from the United States multiple times a year to check on water projects.
All proceeds of campaigns go directly to funding water projects. General donations go towards operational costs and program expansion. Water to Thrive also raises money through Chef's Table Austin, an annual gala event, and the Pump Run, the organization's annual 5K race.
Because each community's needs are different, Water to Thrive funds four different kinds of water projects:
Hand Dug Well: Used when water is near the surface. Wells are built by community members and can be 8 to 15 meters deep. A filtration system and hand pump are added so the community can access clean water.
Spring Protection Development: Used when a natural spring is easily accessible. To make the water clean, a protection and filtration system is built over the eye of the spring. It is then piped to distribution points throughout the community.
Shallow Borehole: Used when water is 20 to 50 meters below the surface. A rig drills down until water is found, then steel casing and a pump are inserted.
Deep Borehole: Used when water is 50 to 250 meters below the surface. A team drills down and the wells are fueled by diesel generators or a power grid. They can provide water to more than 15,000 people per year.
References
Water organizations in the United States
Christian charities based in the United States
Foreign charities operating in Ethiopia
Foreign charities operating in Uganda
Foreign charities operating in Tanzania
Ritchie Neil Ninian Robertson FBA (born 1952) is a British academic who was the Taylor Professor of German Language and Literature between 2010 and 2021. He was educated at Nairn Academy in the North of Scotland and at Edinburgh University, where he took two degrees, in English and German. He has been a Fellow of Queens' College, Oxford since 2010. He is a former Germanic Editor of The Modern Language Review. Professor Robertson co-directs the Oxford Kafka Research Centre with Carolin Duttlinger and Professor Katrin Kohl.
Bibliography
Kafka: Judaism, Politics, and Literature (Clarendon Press, 1985)
Heine (Peter Halban, 1988; Grove Press, 1988)
A History of Austrian Literature 1918-2000 (Rochester, NY: Camden House, 2006), editor, with Katrin Kohl
The "Jewish Question" in German Literature, 1749-1939 (Oxford: OUP, 1999)
The German-Jewish Dialogue: An Anthology of Literary Texts, 1749-1993 (Oxford World's Classics, 1999) , editor and translator
The Cambridge Companion to Thomas Mann (Cambridge University Press, 2002). , editor
Kafka: A Very Short Introduction (Oxford: OUP, 2004); illustrated edition titled Kafka: A Brief Insight (New York: Sterling Publishing Co., Inc., 2010)
Mock-Epic Poetry from Pope to Heine (Oxford: OUP, 2009)
The Enlightenment: The Pursuit of Happiness, 1680-1790 (New York: Harper, 2021)
References
Robertson, Ritchie
1952 births
Germanists
Fellows of St John's College, Oxford
Fellows of The Queen's College, Oxford
Taylor Professors of the German Language and Literature
Fellows of the British Academy
Margaretha Cornelia Boellaard (9 February 1795, Utrecht – 5 November 1872, Utrecht) was a Dutch painter, lithographer and art collector.
Biography
She came from a wealthy noble family. Her father, Johan Diderick, was the Heer (Baron or Lord) of Zuilichem. Her mother, Margaretha, died six days after she was born and her father never remarried, so she remained an only child. She received private art lessons from the portrait painters and his son, also named as well as the landscape painter, . In 1825, she was also able to audit classes at the Rijksakademie in Amsterdam. Frans Jacob Otto Boijmans, a noted art collector, allowed her to copy works from his collection.
Her works were exhibited in several cities. From 1826 to 1843, she was a regular participant in Amsterdam's Exhibition of Living Masters. In 1834, she received an award from the Academie Minerva for her painting Meisje met bloemen (Girl with Flowers). In 1858, she was the first woman to become an honorary member of the "Genootschap Kunstliefde", an artists' society in Utrecht. In her later years her eyesight declined. By 1864, she was unable to paint and devoted herself entirely to art collecting. She also used her collection to present lectures and discussions at Arti et Amicitiae, the Pulchri Studio and in Dordrecht.
She never married so, after her death, she willed most of her belongings to the Kunstliefde, including her home on the Oudegracht, which became a museum and exhibition hall in 1905. The rental fees for the hall were put into a fund for the support of financially distressed artists over the age of fifty. In 1984, part of this fund was used to establish the "Boellaardprijs".
References
External links
The Boellaardfonds/Boellaardprijs website
Entry on Boellaard @ the ARTindex online
1795 births
1872 deaths
19th-century Dutch painters
19th-century Dutch women artists
Dutch portrait painters
Dutch lithographers
Dutch art collectors
Artists from Utrecht
Women lithographers
The monarchy of the Solomon Islands is a system of government in which a constitutional monarch is the head of state of the Solomon Islands. The present monarch and head of state, since 9 September 2022, is King Charles III, who is also the head of state of fourteen other Commonwealth realms. Although the person of the sovereign is equally shared with 14 other independent countries within the Commonwealth of Nations, each country's monarchy is separate and legally distinct. As a result, the current monarch is officially titled the King of the Solomon Islands and, in this capacity, he and other members of the royal family undertake public and private functions domestically and abroad as representatives of the Solomon Islands. However, the King is the only member of the royal family with any constitutional role.
While several powers are of the sovereign alone, most of the constitutional and ceremonial duties in the Solomon Islands are carried out by the monarch's representative, the governor-general of the Solomon Islands.
History
Solomon Islands gained self-government in 1976 following the independence of neighbouring Papua New Guinea from Australia in 1975. As a protectorate, the British Solomon Islands had been administered by the British government. Following the Solomon Islands Act 1978 the protectorate became a Commonwealth realm with Elizabeth II, Queen of the Solomon Islands as its head of state. The new constitution, providing for fully responsible status within the Commonwealth, took effect under The Solomon Islands Independence Order 1978, an order in council which had been requested by the Legislative Assembly. It was made under the Foreign Jurisdiction Act 1890, and came into operation on 7 July 1978.
Constitutional role
The Commonwealth of Nations has 56 member states, of which, fifteen are unofficially described as Commonwealth realms that recognise, individually, Charles III as their monarch and therefore head of state; Solomon Islands is one of these. Each realm, including the Solomon Islands, is a sovereign and independent state. Charles III exercises his sovereignty only as King of the Solomon Islands and on all matters relating to the Solomon Islands, the monarch is advised solely by Solomon Islands ministers.
As in the other Commonwealth realms, the monarch's role is almost entirely symbolic and cultural. The powers that are constitutionally his are exercised almost wholly upon the advice of the cabinet, made up of Ministers of the Crown. On all matters of the Solomon Islands, the monarch is advised solely by Solomon Islands ministers.
The Crown and Honours
Within the Commonwealth realms, the monarch is the fount of honour. Similarly, the monarch, as Sovereign of the Solomon Islands, confers awards and honours in the Solomon Islands in his name. Most of them are often awarded on the advice of "His Majesty's Solomon Island Ministers".
The Crown and the Police Force
The Police Force of the Solomon Islands is known as the "Royal Solomon Islands Police Force". Under the Police Act 2013, all officers in the Police Force have to swear allegiance to the monarch of the Solomon Islands, before taking office. The current oath is:
The Crown and Government
The Solomon Islands Government is officially known as "His Majesty's Government of the Solomon Islands".
The monarch of the Solomon Islands is represented by the Governor-General of the Solomon Islands, who is a citizen of the Solomon Islands elected for a five-year term by the national parliament. Formally, the monarch appoints the Governor-General on the advice of parliament. The current Governor-General is the Anglican Archbishop Emeritus of Melanesia and former Bishop of the Diocese of Central Melanesia, David Vunagi, who was first elected in 2019. Governors-General must meet the same eligibility requirements as members of parliament and can serve no more than two terms.
All executive powers of Solomon Islands rest with the sovereign. All laws in the Solomon Islands are enacted only with the granting of Royal Assent, done by the Governor-General on behalf of the sovereign.
The Governor-General is also responsible for proroguing, and dissolving the National Parliament. The opening of a session of Parliament is accompanied by the Speech from the Throne by the Governor-General.
The Crown and the Courts
Within the Commonwealth realms, the sovereign is responsible for rendering justice for all his subjects, and is thus traditionally deemed the fount of justice. In the Solomon Islands, criminal offences are legally deemed to be offences against the sovereign and proceedings for indictable offences are brought in the sovereign's name in the form of The King versus [Name], Rex versus [Name] or R versus [Name]. Hence, the common law holds that the sovereign "can do no wrong"; the monarch cannot be prosecuted in his or her own courts for criminal offences.
The monarch, and by extension the governor-general, can also grant immunity from prosecution, exercise the royal prerogative of mercy, and pardon offences against the Crown, either before, during, or after a trial.
Succession
Like some realms, Solomon Islands defers to United Kingdom law to determine the line of succession.
Succession is by absolute primogeniture governed by the provisions of the Succession to the Crown Act 2013, as well as the Act of Settlement, 1701, and the Bill of Rights, 1689. This legislation limits the succession to the natural (i.e. non-adopted), legitimate descendants of Sophia, Electress of Hanover, and stipulates that the monarch cannot be a Roman Catholic, and must be in communion with the Church of England upon ascending the throne. Though these constitutional laws, as they apply to the Solomon Islands, still lie within the control of the British Parliament, both the United Kingdom and Solomon Islands cannot change the rules of succession without the unanimous consent of the other realms, unless explicitly leaving the shared monarchy relationship; a situation that applies identically in all the other realms, and which has been likened to a treaty amongst these countries.
Cultural role
The King's Official Birthday is a public holiday in the Solomon Islands where it is usually celebrated on the second Saturday of June every year. It is regarded as one of the most important events of the year in the Solomon Islands. The day starts with the police marching band performing in the capital city of Honiara. Rallies are held all over the islands, which is followed by sporting events and custom dancing, and the celebrations and parties go long into the night.
The Governor-General of the Solomon Islands delivers a speech on the King's Birthday, and honours and medals are given to those who have done valiant things and great service for the Solomon Islands and its people.
Title
The Royal Style and Titles Act 2013 of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands granted the monarch a separate title in his role as King of the Solomon Islands. The new style was already in non-statutory use since 1988, when it was included in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and External Trade Manual.
The current style of the monarch of the Solomon Islands is: Charles the Third, by the Grace of God, King of the Solomon Islands and His other Realms and Territories, Head of the Commonwealth.
Oath of allegiance
The oath of allegiance in the Solomon Islands is:
Royal visits
Members of the royal family occasionally visit Solomon Islands. Elizabeth II visited twice: in February 1974 (before independence) and in October 1982 (after the 1982 Commonwealth Games). Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, accompanied her on both occasions, and also visited without her, in 1959 and 1971. Princess Anne and Mark Phillips visited in 1974 and the Duke and the Duchess of Cambridge visited in 2012.
List of Solomon Island monarchs
References
Government of the Solomon Islands
Politics of the Solomon Islands
Solomon Islands
Heads of state of the Solomon Islands
1978 establishments in the Solomon Islands
Solomon Islands
Kingdoms
Calocephalus sonderi (common name pale beauty-heads) is a plant in the family Asteraceae, found in South Australia, Victoria, Queensland and New South Wales.
It was first described by Ferdinand von Mueller in 1859. The specific epithet, sonderi, honours the German botanist Otto Wilhelm Sonder.
Description
Calocephalus sonderi is an annual, erect herb, growing from 10 cm to 50 cm high and is woolly, and grey to silvery in colour. The leaves are mostly alternate and from 2–3 cm long by 1 mm to 2 mm wide. The upper leaves smaller and have non-hairy appendage at their apices. It flowers from spring to summer and is found in grasslands and open woodlands. It is widespread in inland New South Wales.
References
External links
Calocephalus sonderi: Occurrence data from the Australasian Virtual Herbarium
Calocephalus sonderi Lucid Central (images & description)
Gnaphalieae
Plants described in 1859
Flora of Australia
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
The 2009 Albirex Niigata season is Albirex Niigata's sixth consecutive season in J. League Division 1. It also includes the 2009 J. League Cup, and the 2009 Emperor's Cup.
Competitions
J. League
League table
Results summary
Results by round
J. League Cup
Group stage
Emperor's Cup
Players
First team squad
* Players in bold have senior international caps.
Out on loan
Starting XI
Last updated on 3 February 2012.
Player statistics
References
External links
J. League official site
Albirex Niigata
Albirex Niigata seasons
The amethyst gem clam (Gemma gemma) is species of very small saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Veneridae, the Venus clams.
It is a small species, reaching a length of only 5 mm. The shell color is whitish or grayish, suffused with purple on both outer and inner surfaces.
The species is native to the Atlantic coast of North America, from Labrador to Texas, but it is now also found as an introduced species in some locations on the Pacific coast.
References
Veneridae
Bivalves described in 1834
Taxa named by Isaac Lea
Percy Marks (September 9, 1891 − December 27, 1956) was an American author and college English instructor best known for his best selling 1924 novel, The Plastic Age.
Marks was born in Covelo, California in 1891 to Henry and Sarah Lando Marks. The family moved to Ukiah in 1900, the county seat, because it had better schools. Marks graduated from the University of California in 1912 and obtained a master's degree from Harvard University in 1914. He was a second lieutenant in the United States Army during World War I.
Marks had been teaching English for ten years (at a number of institutions, including Dartmouth College and Brown University) when his first novel was published in 1924, The Plastic Age. The book was the second most popular best-seller for that year, and its portrayal of college life caused a ruckus at the time and was even banned in Boston. Marks left teaching the following year to focus full-time on writing. A movie version of the Plastic Age (though, to be more accurate, the plot of the movie varies greatly from the book) was released the next year starring Clara Bow, and a second version titled Red Lips released in 1928, which was directed by Melville W. Brown. Marks wrote 19 additional books, primarily novels. Late in his career, he took a post teaching English and literature at the University of Connecticut at Waterbury.
Marks married Margaret Ellen Gates in California on December 17, 1927. He moved to New Haven, Connecticut in 1930, and resided there until he died, on December 27, 1956, survived by his wife and daughter Sally Jean Marks. In 1962, Marks' widow (then remarried to Bernard Barton), donated his papers to Yale University where they are held at the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library.
Sally Marks became a scholar of international relations at Rhode Island College.
Bibliography
Marks' published books include:
The Plastic Age (1924)
Martha (1925)
Which Way Parnassus? (1926)
Lord of Himself (1927) (sequel to The Plastic Age)
A Dead Man Dies (1929)
The Unwilling God (1929)
The Craft of Writing (1932)
A Tree Grown Straight (1936)
Better themes, a college textbook of writing and re-writing (1936)
And Points Beyond (1937)
What's A Heaven For? (1938)
The Days Are Fled (1939)
No Steeper Wall (1940)
Between Two Autumns (1941)
Full Flood (1942)
Knave of Diamonds (1943)
Shade of Sycamore (1944)
The College Writer (1946)
Blair Marriman (1949)
Round Valley Days (unpublished manuscript)
References
External links
Percy Marks Papers. Yale Collection of American Literature, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library.
Guide to the Percy Marks Papers (Yale University Library)
1891 births
1956 deaths
People from Mendocino County, California
20th-century American novelists
American male novelists
Harvard University alumni
People from Ukiah, California
Brown University faculty
20th-century American male writers
Novelists from California
Mary Wacera Ngugi (born 17 December 1988) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes in road running events. She holds personal bests of 66:29 minutes for the half marathon, 30:50 minutes for the 10K run, and 2:27:36 for the marathon.
As a junior, she was a 5000 metres bronze medallist at the 2006 World Junior Championships in Athletics and the 2007 African junior champion. She is the widow of Samuel Wanjiru, the 2008 Olympic champion in the marathon, and had a daughter with him in 2010.
Biography
Early career
Her first major international appearance was in the 5000 metres at the 2006 World Junior Championships in Athletics. In a strong field featuring future world champions Florence Kiplagat and Bai Xue, she took the bronze medal. She topped the 5000 m podium at the 2007 African Junior Athletics Championships, seeing off a challenge from the reigning world junior cross-country champion Pauline Korikwiang.
She made her debut on the major European track circuit in 2008, running at the Golden Gala, but was some way off the winner. She won the Kenya Police title in the 5000 m that year. In 2009, she ran track bests of 8:55.89 minutes for the 3000 metres and 15:20.30 minutes for the 5000 m. She defended her Kenyan Police Championship title and also had some success in cross-country running, placing at the Lotto Cross Cup de Hannut and winning the Le Mans Cross Country.
Marriage to Samuel Wanjiru
It was in 2009 that Wacera met Samuel Wanjiru, the 2008 Olympic marathon champion. The two ran at the same track in Nyahururu and soon bonded, with the pair legally marrying in December 2009. This caused relationship issues as Wanjiru already had two children by Terezah Njeri, whom he had married in a traditional ceremony, but not a legal one. Wacera, Njeri and Wanjiru's mother all lived on the same street and frequently argued with Wanjiru, who began drinking in excess and ceased his training. Wacera had a child with Wanjiru around August 2010 called Ann, after Wanjiru's mother. On St. Valentine's Day in 2011 Njeri and Wanjiru publicly reconciled on television and the runner swore that Njeri was his official wife, rather than Wacera.
Wanjiru had relationships with further women and on 15 May 2011 he returned to his residence with Jane Nduta, a waitress he was dating. Njeri arrived soon after and the women began arguing, resulting in Njeri leaving the residence in anger after locking Wanjiru and Nduta in the bedroom. Wanjiru fell off the upstairs balcony of his house and subsequently died due to the injuries he sustained in the fall. His death was ruled as suicide, although many family members suggested he was murdered and police did not properly conduct a forensic investigation of the scene. Wacera, Njeri and Wanjiru's mother were in dispute of the funeral arrangements and management of the estate, with Njeri claiming to be Wanjiru's legal wife at time of death and Wacera and Wanjiru's mother claiming that Wacera had that position, legally.
Return to running
Wacera began competing in road running competitions towards the end of 2012, including a 10K run best of 31:28 minutes and a win at the Semi Marathon Saint Denis in a time of 70:54 minutes. The former mark ranked her 11th in the world that year for the event. She made three outing ver the half marathon distance in 2013: she was third at the Nice Half Marathon and the Mardi Gras Half Marathon, but came only fifth at the Luanda Half Marathon. She also had success in her track specialty, coming second in the 5000 m at the Police Championships, before winning at the Kenyan Athletics Championships. She failed to finish at the trial event for the 2013 World Championships in Athletics, however.
At the start of 2014 she established herself among the top road runners by winning the World's Best 10K, defeating Gladys Cherono, Linet Masai and 2013 champion Joyce Chepkirui. Her first senior international medal followed in March at the 2014 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships. Part of a strong Kenyan women's team that won the team gold by taking all top five positions, Wacera ran a personal best of 67:44 minutes for second place behind Gladys Cherono.
17 January 2016 - Mary Wacera won Houston Half Marathon in 66:29. Mary's time is a United States soil record.
11 October 2021 - Finished third in the Boston Marathon in 2:25:20
Personal bests
3000 metres – 8:55.89 (2009)
5000 metres – 15:20.30 (2009)
10K run – 30:50 (2021)
Half marathon – 66:29 (2016)
Marathon – 2:25:20 (2021)
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
Kenyan female long-distance runners
This is a list of places, buildings, roads and other things named for King Abdullah II. It is divided by category, though each item's location is noted in the entry.
Institutions
King Abdullah Design and Development Bureau
Buildings
King Abdullah II Stadium
Abdullah II
Éva Tóth (12 November 1952 – 30 January 2013) was a Hungarian sprinter who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1952 births
2013 deaths
Hungarian female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Hungary
Athletes (track and field) at the 1980 Summer Olympics
The Union with Scotland (Amendment) Act 1707 (6 Ann c 40) is an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain. It is chapter VI in the common printed editions.
This Act was partly in force in Great Britain at the end of 2010.
It united the English and Scottish Privy Councils and decentralised Scottish administration by appointing justices of the peace in each shire to carry out administration. In effect it took the day-to-day government of Scotland out of the hands of politicians and into those of the College of Justice.
Section 4
This section was repealed by the Schedule to the Circuit Courts and Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act 1925.
Section 5
This section was repealed by section 175 of, and Schedule 9 to, the Representation of the People Act 1949.
Section 6
This section was repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act 1867.
See also
Acts of Union 1707
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
External links
The Union with Scotland (Amendment) Act 1707, as amended, from Legislation.gov.uk.
Great Britain Acts of Parliament 1707
Privy Council of England
Privy Council of Scotland
College of Justice
Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain concerning Scotland
Government of Scotland
Constitutional laws of Scotland
Home rule in the United Kingdom
Counties of Scotland
History of local government in Scotland
1707 in politics
1707 in Scotland
Political history of Scotland
Constitutional laws of the United Kingdom
The Malaysia Open is an annual badminton tournament that has been held since 1937. It has been played in various locations such as Johor Bahru, Kota Kinabalu, Kuching, Penang, Selangor, and Kuantan.
The event's annual pattern was interrupted three times: from 1942 to 1946, because of World War II, from 1969 to 1982, and in 2020, because of the COVID-19 pandemic. It became one of the BWF Super Series tournaments from 2007 to 2017 known as the Malaysia Super Series. BWF categorised Malaysia Open as one of the five BWF World Tour Super 750 events in the BWF events structure since 2018. From 2023 onwards, this will be a Super 1000 tournament.
Winners
Performances by nation
References
External links
Finals In Badminton Championships.
TIES IN MALAYAN CHAMPIONSHIPS.
BADMINTON CHAMPIONSHIPS OF MALAYA.
ENG HEE WINS THRILLING BADMINTON FINAL
Draw For Championships
Badminton tournaments in Malaysia
Călinești is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Antonești, Călinești, Copăceanca, Licuriciu and Marița.
Natives
Victor Antonescu
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The 1983 São Paulo F.C. season details the competitions entered, matches played and teams faced by the São Paulo Futebol Clube in the 1983 season, showing the result in each event. Both friendly and official events are included. São Paulo Futebol Clube is a professional football club based in São Paulo, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Paulista, São Paulo's state league, and the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A or Brasileirão, Brazil's national league.
Statistics
Scorers
Overall
{|class="wikitable"
|-
|Games played || 73 (22 Campeonato Brasileiro, 48 Campeonato Paulista, 3 Friendly match)
|-
|Games won || 38 (13 Campeonato Brasileiro, 24 Campeonato Paulista, 1 Friendly match)
|-
|Games drawn || 23 (5 Campeonato Brasileiro, 18 Campeonato Paulista, 0 Friendly match)
|-
|Games lost || 12 (4 Campeonato Brasileiro, 6 Campeonato Paulista, 2 Friendly match)
|-
|Goals scored || 125
|-
|Goals conceded || 67
|-
|Goal difference || +58
|-
|Best result || 5–1 (H) v Uberaba - Campeonato Brasileiro - 1983.4.2
|-
|Worst result || 1–5 (A) v Grêmio - Campeonato Brasileiro - 1983.4.17
|-
|Top scorer || Renato (33)
|-
Friendlies
Trans-Atlantic Challenge Cup
Official competitions
Campeonato Brasileiro
Record
Campeonato Paulista
Record
External links
official website
Association football clubs 1983 season
1983
1983 in Brazilian football
Battler is a 2009 album from indie-rock artist Gregory Douglass. The first video from the record will be "Cathedrals," as stated on www.gregorydouglass.com
On the record, Gregory experiments with cabaret themes and heavy, striking instrumentation, which is a departure from the piano and guitar work on this previous records. The record features fellow Vermont artists Grace Potter of the Nocturnals, as well as Anaïs Mitchell.
The Battler Tour
To promote the record, Gregory went on The Battler Tour in the Winter of 2009. The show opened in Cambridge, MA and traveled all throughout the United States. Opening acts varied and included Chad Perrone. The setlist contained many tracks from the new album as well as material from his previous albums Teeter, Pseudo-Rotary and Up & Away. Many of the tracks were reinvented to suit a full-band including guitar, drums, keyboards, backing vocals, and a cello.
Track listing
All songs by Gregory Douglass.
"Broken Through"
"Cathedrals"
"Devotion"
"Day of the Battler"
"No Apology"
"Stay"
"Madeline"
"Sadly"
"This Is My Life"
"Lifeline"
"Harlequin"
"Ordinary Man"
References
External links
Lyrics
2009 albums
Gregory Douglass albums
The Amazing Dr. Clitterhouse is a 1936 thriller play by the British writer Barré Lyndon. The lead character's name is a play on the term for the female sexual organ the clitoris - a name characterised by the "yearning, untrammelled nature" of Clitterhouse himself; an extremely daring pun for 1936, yet seemingly anticipated by Lyndon to escape the notice of the contemporary censor. "My view was that he was no more likely to locate the pun in my title as to locate the source of it on his beloved bedfellow", Lyndon 'Fragment of Autobiography'.
The play premiered at the Haymarket Theatre in London's West End and ran for 491 performances. The original cast included Ralph Richardson. In 1937 it transferred to Broadway with Cedric Hardwicke in the leading role.
Film adaptation
The screen rights to the play were acquired by Warner Bros. who adapted it into a film version of the same title directed by Anatole Litvak and starring Edward G. Robinson, Claire Trevor and Humphrey Bogart. It shifted the location of the action from London to New York.
References
Bibliography
Kabatchnik, Amnon. Blood on the Stage, 1925-1950: Milestone Plays of Crime, Mystery, and Detection : an Annotated Repertoire. Scarecrow Press, 2010.
Wearing, J.P. The London Stage 1930-1939: A Calendar of Productions, Performers, and Personnel. Rowman & Littlefield, 2014.
1936 plays
Thriller plays
West End plays
British plays adapted into films
Plays by Barré Lyndon
After Muhammad's death, the disputed question of who should be the successor (Caliph) to Muhammad's political authority led eventually to the division of Islam into Sunni and Shia.
Sunni's believe that he should be elected, whereas Shia believe in divinely ordained infallible twelve Shi'a Imams for leadership after Muhammad. The Ismaili Shia have their own version of the Imamah doctrine.
Originally, Shi'a belief was that they should refrain from politics in the absence of one of the twelve Shia Imams. But after The Occultation of the twelfth Shia Imam, the original Shia concept of leadership became untenable, so the notion of Guardianship of the Islamic Jurists (Velayat-e faqih) was derived by Ruhollah Khomeini.
See also
Imamate in Shia doctrine
Islamic religious leaders
Leadership
The Waldron Health Centre is a National Health Service (NHS) building next to New Cross railway station in Lewisham, South London, England. It was completed in phases, with the health centre finished in 2008 and final construction ending in 2010.
Construction
The Waldron building project had a budget of £13.4m.
The Project Architect was Craig Linnell of Henley, Halebrown and Rorrison. The Services Engineering company was Ramboll.
Construction began in 2006, with the project divided into phases. Phases I and II, which comprise the health center and some retail units, were completed in 2008. Phase III, with housing and more retail, was completed in 2010.
Use
The complex's final footprint is . It is occupied by the Amersham Vale Training Practice, Clifton Rise Family Practice, and the New Cross Health Centre.
See also
Healthcare in London
References
External links
Website: http://www.hhbr.co.uk/projects/urban/002.htm
Buildings and structures in the London Borough of Lewisham
Health in London
General practice
Idriss may refer to:
Idriss Arnaoud Ali (born 1945), President of the National Assembly of Djibouti
Idriss Carlos Kameni (born 1984), Cameroonian football player
Idriss Déby (1952–2021), President of Chad
Idriss Ndele Moussa, Chadian politician
Mahamat Idriss, former Chadian high jumper
Idriss (terrorist), an alleged Canadian militant with ties to al-Qaeda
Ramey Idriss (1911-1971), musician and songwriter
See also
Idris (disambiguation)
Given names
Surnames
Edward Joseph (Eddie) Friel was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland in 1962. He is a B. Mus. Honours graduate who in 1986 started his professional career as a music teacher. After one year he decided to pursue his talents as a musician and composer in local piano bars at home as well as in Canada and Europe, where he travelled for a year. He has toured with Van Morrison as a piano player and features extensively on Van Morrison's album Hymns to the Silence.
In 1995 he represented Ireland in the Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Dreamin'". The song finished a disappointing 14th place; Norway won the contest, breaking the three years Ireland staged the contest.
References
Living people
Irish pop singers
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Ireland
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 1995
Music educators
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Carnarvon Tablet is an ancient Egyptian inscription in hieratic recording the defeat of the Hyksos by Kamose.
Discovery
It was found in 1908 by Lord Carnarvon on two wooden tablets covered stucco in fine plaster. It was discovered amongst pottery debris on a ledge close to the entrance of a tomb near the mouth of the Deir el-Bahari valley.
Howard Carter believed this tomb to date from the Seventeenth Dynasty. But actually it is now believed that the tablet goes back to the Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt -- only a little later.
On the reverse side of tablet no. 1 is inscribed the beginning of The Maxims of Ptahhotep. On the obverse side of this tablet is a description of Kamose's victory over the Hyksos.
The tablet is believed to be a shoolboy's exercise, but the text proved to be very important.
As early as 1916, Sir Alan Gardiner assumed that the First Carnarvon Tablet must be a copy of some commemorative stela of pharaoh Kamose. Less than 20 years later, his thesis was confirmed when French Egyptologists Lacau and Chévrier were working on the Third Pylon of Karnak and made the important discovery of two stela fragments. The smallest of them was found in 1932. And in 1935, the larger fragment appeared.
Thus, it emerged that the text was copied from Kamose's stelas in Karnak. These newer stelae were published in 1939.
On tablet no. 2 there is a heavily damaged inscription.
Contents
In the inscription, Kamose exclaims (in a translation by James B. Pritchard):
Let me understand what this strength of mine is for! (One) prince is in Avaris, another is in Ethiopia, and (here) I sit associated with an Asiatic and a Negro! Each man has his slice of this Egypt, dividing up the land with me. I cannot pass by him as far as Memphis, the waters of Egypt, (but), behold, he has Hermopolis. No man can settle down, being despoiled by the imposts of the Asiatics. I will grapple with him, that I may cut open his belly! My wish is to save Egypt and to smite the Asiatics!
Sir Alan Gardiner provides the following alternative translation, noting the control of Upper Egypt by the Kerma culture of Nubia:
Notes
References
Alan H. Gardiner, ‘The Defeat of the Hyksos by Kamōse: The Carnarvon Tablet, No. I', The Journal of Egyptian Archaeology, Vol. 3, No. 2/3 (Apr. - Jul., 1916), pp. 95-110.
Battiscombe Gunn and Alan H. Gardiner, ‘New Renderings of Egyptian Texts: II. The Expulsion of the Hyksos', The Journal of Egyptian Archaeology, Vol. 5, No. 1 (Jan., 1918), pp. 36–56.
James B. Pritchard, Ancient Near Eastern Texts Relating to the Old Testament. Third Edition (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1969).
Further reading
The Earl of Carnarvon and Howard Carter, Five Years' Explorations at Thebes (London: Henry Frowde Oxford University, 1912), plate xxvii, xxviii and pp. 36–37.
External links
Photographs of the inscription
2nd-millennium BC literature
1908 archaeological discoveries
Ancient Egyptian stelas
Individual wooden objects
Archaeological discoveries in Egypt
Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1661.
Events
August 24 – Samuel Pepys sees the new production of Hamlet by Sir William Davenant's troupe of actors, the Duke's Company, with the innovation of stage scenery. The Duke's Company have recently moved from the Salisbury Court Theatre to the theatre at Lincoln's Inn Fields, where they have been joined by Thomas Betterton; Pepys praises Betterton's Prince Hamlet as "beyond imagination."
December 28 – Controversial author James Harrington is arrested on a charge of conspiracy, while working on his final publication, A System of Politics.
Unknown dates
The Book of Kells (c. 800) is presented to Trinity College Dublin.
Bishop John Gauden claims authorship of Eikon Basilike (1649).
Third edition of Izaak Walton's The Compleat Angler.
The trend toward closet drama (often highly politicized), which distinguished the English Civil War and Interregnum periods, does not immediately end once the theatres re-open with the Restoration — as the publication of Hell's High Court of Justice (below) illustrates.
Abraham Cowley's pamphlet The Advancement of Experimental Philosophy helps inspire the foundation of the Royal Society.
The library of Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg, is opened to the public at Cölln as the "Library of the Elector" (), foundation of the Berlin State Library.
A legal deposit obligation is laid on publishers in Sweden.
Francis Kirkman, in Westminster (London) operates an early form of lending library, based on a collection of his own works.
New books
Prose
Robert Boyle – The Sceptical Chymist
Gauthier de Costes, seigneur de la Calprenède – Faramond (Pharamond)
Abraham Cowley – The Advancement of Experimental Philosophy
Sir Robert Dudley – Dell'Arcano del Mare
John Evelyn – Tyrannus, or The Mode
Marchamont Nedham – A Short History of the English Rebellion
Katarina Zrinska – Putni tovaruš
Drama
Anonymous ("J. D.") – Hell's High Court of Justice, or the Trial of the Three Politic Ghosts, viz. Oliver Cromwell, the King of Sweden, and Cardinal Mazarin (published)
George Villiers, Duke of Buckingham (after Fletcher) – The Chances
Pedro Calderón de la Barca – Las tres justicias en una
George Cartwright – The Heroic Lover, or the Infanta of Spain (published)
Thomas Corneille – Camma
Abraham Cowley – The Cutter of Coleman Street
Robert Davenport – The City Nightcap (published)
Richard Flecknoe – Erminia, or the Fair and Virtuous Lady (published)
John Fountain – The Rewards of Virtue (published)
Thomas Fuller – Andronicus (published)
Francis Kirkman – The Presbyterian Lash (published)
Thomas Middleton – Hengist, King of Kent (published)
Molière – Dom Garcie de Navarre, ou le Prince jaloux
Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery – The Generall (written)
William Rowley & Thomas Heywood (?) – The Thracian Wonder (published); previously misattributed to Webster, exact authorship still uncertain, probably written c.1600/10
Samuel Tuke – The Adventures of Five Hours (published adaptation of Antonio Coello's Los empeños de seis horas, c. 1642)
John Webster & William Rowley – A Cure for a Cuckold (published)
Births
January 30 – Charles Rollin, French historian and educator (died 1741)
April 16 – Charles Montagu, 1st Earl of Halifax, English poet and statesman (died 1715)
April – Anne Finch, Countess of Winchilsea, English poet (died 1720)
May 25 – Claude Buffier, French philosopher, historian and educationalist (died 1737)
November 1 – Florent Carton Dancourt, French dramatist and actor (died 1725)
November 8 – Elizabeth Burnet, English religious writer and philanthropist (died 1709)
November 15 – Christoph von Graffenried, Swiss colonist and writer (died 1743)
Unknown dates
William Cleland, Scottish poet and soldier (died 1689)
Thomas Knaggs, English preacher and publisher of sermons (died 1724)
Deaths
March 30 – François le Métel de Boisrobert, French poet (born 1592)
June 13 – Richard Adams, English poet (born 1619)
August 7 – Jin Shengtan (金聖歎), Chinese editor, writer and critic (born c. 1610)
October 4 – Jacqueline Pascal, poet and dramatist, sister of Blaise Pascal (born 1625)
November 29 – Bishop Brian Walton, English scholar responsible for Polyglot Bible (born 1600)
December 29 – Antoine Girard de Saint-Amant, French poet (born 1594)
Unknown date – Sarmad Kashani, Persian poet and mystic (executed)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Yoo Su-bin (born 6 November 1992) is a South Korean actor.
Career
Yoo made his drama debut in Prison Playbook in 2017, as Yang Jung Suk, who was involved in the backstory of Jung Hae In's character.
Prison Playbook is directed by the Shin Won Ho, who is also behind Reply 1988.
In 2019, he had a major supporting role in the short film The Present. However, it was his role as a North Korean soldier obsessed with South Korean dramas in the dramas Crash Landing on You that made a surprising impact. Besides his amusing characterization, he also received strong praise from North Korean defectors who are impressed with his accent.
Filmography
Film
Television series
Web series
Television show
References
External links
(in Korean)
1992 births
Living people
South Korean male film actors
South Korean male television actors
21st-century South Korean male actors
Porterville Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Porterville, a city in Tulare County, California, United States. According to the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009–2013, it is categorized as a general aviation facility.
History
The airport was opened in September 1942 as Porterville Army Airfield and was used by the United States Army Air Forces Fourth Air Force as a training base during World War II. It was a sub-base to Lemoore AAF, being used as a pilot training facility. Improvements to the site included a fueling system utilizing nine underground storage tanks. These tanks were filled and abandoned in place. Also located on site are ten fueling pits, which are presently unused. The field had the Air Echelon element from the Western Signal Aviation Unit Training Center at Camp Pinedale.
At the end of the war the airfield was determined to be excess by the military and turned over to the local government for civil use. The War Assets Administration disposed of the property between 1948 and 1953. In 1948, were returned to Porterville. The remaining land was sold to the Tulare County Housing Authority.
Facilities and aircraft
Porterville Municipal Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 442 feet (135 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 12/30 with an asphalt surface measuring 5,908 by 150 feet (1,801 x 46 m). A shorter east-west runway (25/7), once occasionally closed and used for NHRA sanctioned drag racing in the mid-1960s, was permanently closed during the 1980s.
For the 12-month period ending January 30, 2009, the airport had 43,550 aircraft operations, an average of 119 per day: 98% general aviation, 2% air taxi, and <1% military. At that time there were 92 aircraft based at this airport: 73% single-engine, 11% multi-engine, 10% helicopter and 6% ultralight.
Airlines and destinations
Passenger
See also
California World War II Army Airfields
References
External links
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in California
Airports in Tulare County, California
Porterville, California
Hamilton Creek is a tributary stream of Cahuilla Creek, (itself a tributary of Wilson Creek, Temecula Creek, and the Santa Margarita River), in Riverside County, California. Its mouth is found in the Anza Valley at an elevation of . Its source is at at an elevation of 4,800 feet on the southwest facing slope of Lookout Mountain in the Santa Rosa Mountains.
History
Hamilton Creek was named after Jim Hamilton, an African American man who settled there after he lost his farm in Butterfield Valley after losing a lawsuit over ownership of the Rancho Pauba in the early 1880s. Hamilton moved out to the lands of the Cahuilla, where he and two of his sons raised cattle at their ranch in the Anza Valley, which was first known as the Hamilton Plain. Hamilton School in Anza was also named after him.
References
Rivers of Riverside County, California
Rivers of Southern California
Joseph Abraham Gordon (2 October 1934 – 15 April 2016), better known as Lord Tanamo, was a Jamaican-Canadian singer and songwriter best known for his mento and ska work.
Career
Born in Kingston and raised in Denham Town in the West of the city, Gordon was influenced by Lord Kitchener, who lived in Jamaica in the 1940s. His interest in music began at an early age when he heard a rumba box being played by local musician Cecil Lawes. He went on to perform locally as a teenager, singing calypsos accompanied by Lawes, and began performing in hotels in the early 1950s.
He first recorded for Kingston businessman and sound system operator Stanley Motta, and later recorded with a backing band that included Theophilus Beckford and Ernest Ranglin. His early hits included "Blues Have Got Me Down" (1960) for producer Emil Shallit.
He switched to ska in the early 1960s, and was a founding member of the Skatalites, singing with the band on tracks such as "Come Down" and "I'm in the Mood For Ska". He recorded for Clement Dodd, Duke Reid, and Lindon Pottinger in the 1960s, and had hits with adapted folk songs such as "Iron Bar" and "Matty Rag", and had further hits with songs such as "Ol' Fowl". In 1965 he won the Festival Song Contest with "Come Down".
In 1970, he recorded a reggae cover of Tony Joe White's "Rainy Night in Georgia", which was a number one hit in Jamaica for seven weeks. He was based in Canada from the mid-1970s, where he married a local woman and opened the Record Nook shop, selling Jamaican-produced records, although he returned to Jamaica to record. During one of these trips back he recorded the 1979 album Calypso Reggae, for Bunny Lee.
In 1990, his ska cover of "I'm in the Mood for Love" gave him his only UK hit, reaching no. 58 in the UK Singles Chart after being featured in a television advert for Paxo in 1989.
In 2002, Tanamo performed as part of the 'Legends of Ska' concerts in Toronto, the performances recorded and released as a film in 2014. Tanamo continued to perform with the Skatalites into the 21st century, including a set at the 2003 Glastonbury Festival.
In January 2008 it was stated in a Jamaican newspaper that Tanamo was in a nursing home in Canada after suffering a stroke that had left him unable to speak. He died in Toronto on 15 April 2016.
Discography
Albums
Come, Come, Come To Jamaica – Independence Year 1962 (1964), RCA – Lord Tanamo and his Calypsonians
Festival Jump-Up (1965), Gaydisc
Calypso Reggae (1979), Third World
Rolling Steady (2007), Motion — The Skatalites
Best Place in the World (2000), Grover — Lord Tanamo with Dr. Ring-Ding & The Senior Allstars
Compilations
Skament-Movement (1992), Alpha Enterprise — Lord Tanamo with The Skatalites (reissued 1999 as Skamento Movement)
In the Mood For Ska (1993), Trojan – Lord Tanamo with The Skatalites
I'm in the Mood for Ska! The Best of Lord Tanamo (2007), Trojan
References
1934 births
2016 deaths
Musicians from Kingston, Jamaica
Jamaican male singers
Jamaican songwriters
Calypsonians
Jamaican ska musicians
Jamaican emigrants to Canada
Mento
Trojan Records artists
Jamaican expatriates in Canada
RCA Records artists
OAHS may refer to:
Oxford Area High School
Oxfordshire Architectural and Historical Society
And Then There Were None is a 2015 mystery thriller television serial that was first broadcast on BBC One from 26 to 28 December 2015. The three-part programme was adapted by Sarah Phelps and directed by Craig Viveiros and is based on Agatha Christie's 1939 novel of the same name. The series features an ensemble cast, including Douglas Booth, Charles Dance, Maeve Dermody, Burn Gorman, Anna Maxwell Martin, Sam Neill, Miranda Richardson, Toby Stephens, Noah Taylor, and Aidan Turner. The programme follows a group of strangers who are invited to an isolated island where they are murdered one by one for their past crimes.
The serial, debuting to 6 million viewers, received critical acclaim with many praising the writing, performances, and cinematography. It also scored high ratings.
Synopsis
On a hot day in late August 1939, ten people, all strangers to each other, are invited to a small, isolated island off the coast of Devon, England, called Soldier's Island, by a "Mr. and Mrs. Owen". The guests settle in at the manor home on the island tended by two newly hired servants, a husband and wife, Mr. Thomas Rogers and Mrs. Ethel Rogers, but their hosts are absent. When the guests sit down to dinner, they notice the centrepiece, ten abstract art deco figurines, supposedly representing ten soldiers arranged in a circle. Afterward, Mr. Rogers puts on a gramophone record, from which a voice accuses everyone present of a murder. Shortly after this, one of the party dies from poisoning, and then more and more people are murdered, all in methods synonymous with a poem affixed in each bedroom. With each death, the murderer removes a figurine from the centerpiece to coincide with the rhyme's sinister disappearance of each "little soldier boy." The remaining people must discover who the murderer is before they run out of time and nobody remains.
Cast
Main
Douglas Booth as Anthony James Marston
Charles Dance as Justice Lawrence John Wargrave
Maeve Dermody as Vera Elizabeth Claythorne
Burn Gorman as Detective Sergeant William Henry Blore
Anna Maxwell Martin as Ethel Rogers
Sam Neill as General John Gordon Macarthur
Miranda Richardson as Emily Caroline Brent
Toby Stephens as Doctor Edward George Armstrong
Noah Taylor as Thomas Rogers
Aidan Turner as Philip Lombard
Featured in flashbacks
Harley Gallacher as Cyril Ogilvie Hamilton
Paul Chahidi as Isaac Morris
Charlie Russell as Audrey
Richard Hansell as Recording Artist
Christopher Hatherall as Fred Narracott
Ben Deery as Henry Richmond
Margot Edwards as Miss Brady
Rob Heaps as Hugo Hamilton
Celia Henebury as Leslie Macarthur
Tom Clegg as Landor
Daisy Waterstone as Beatrice
Catherine Bailey as Olivia Ogilvie Hamilton
Joseph Prowen as Edward Seton
Production
Conception
And Then There Were None was commissioned by Ben Stephenson and Charlotte Moore for the BBC to mark the 125th anniversary of Agatha Christie's birth. The adaptation was produced by Mammoth Screen in partnership with Agatha Christie Productions.
Writer Sarah Phelps told the BBC that she was shocked by the starkness and brutality of the novel. Comparing the novel to Christie's other work, she stated, "Within the Marple and Poirot stories somebody is there to unravel the mystery, and that gives you a sense of safety and security, of predicting what is going to happen next... In this book that doesn't happen – no one is going to come to save you, absolutely nobody is coming to help or rescue or interpret."
Casting
Maeve Dermody was cast two days before the read through of the script and was in Myanmar at the time. She flew to the UK to begin work with a dialect coach and read the book in the first two weeks of filming.
Filming
Filming began in July 2015. Cornwall was used for many of the harbour and beach scenes, including Holywell Bay, Kynance Cove, and Mullion Cove. Harefield House in Hillingdon, outside London, served as the location for the island mansion. Production designer Sophie Beccher decorated the house in the style of 1930s designers like Syrie Maugham and Elsie de Wolfe. The below stairs and kitchen scenes were shot at Wrotham Park in Hertfordshire. Railway scenes were filmed at the South Devon Railway between Totnes and Buckfastleigh.
Episodes
Reception
And Then There Were None received critical acclaim and was a ratings success for the BBC, with the first episode netting over 6 million viewers and becoming the second most watched programme on Boxing Day. Each of the two subsequent episodes netted over 5 million viewers.
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, And Then There Were None has an approval rating of 86% based on 13 reviews, with an average rating of 7.5/10. The site's critics' consensus reads: "Dark yet dashingly executed, And Then There Were None offers a brazenly misanthropic look at human nature."
Ben Dowell of the Radio Times gave a positive review. Jasper Reese for The Daily Telegraph gave the first episode 4 out of 5 stars, calling it a "pitch-black psychological thriller as teasing murder mystery" and "spiffingly watchable".
Reviewing the first episode, UK daily newspaper The Guardians Sam Wollaston noted, "[...] it also manages to be loyal, not just in plot but in spirit as well. I think the queen of crime would approve. I certainly do. Mass murder rarely gets as fun as this." Reviewing the final episode for The Daily Telegraph, Tim Martin gave it 4 out of 5 stars, calling it a "class act", and praising the adaptation for highlighting the darkness of Christie's novel, which he claimed no previous adaptation had attempted. The Russian adaption, ‘'Desyat Negrityat'' from 1987, however, was the first visual adaption to include the novel's original ending.
Subsequent series
And Then There Were None was the first in a series of Christie adaptations scripted by Sarah Phelps for the BBC. The further instalments consisted of: The Witness for the Prosecution (2016), Ordeal by Innocence (2018), The ABC Murders (2018) and The Pale Horse (2020).
See also
And Then There Were None (disambiguation)
Notes
References
External links
2010s British television miniseries
2015 British television series debuts
2015 British television series endings
2010s British drama television series
Films shot in England
2010s crime thriller films
British crime films
British mystery films
English-language television shows
Television series set in the 1930s
Television shows based on works by Agatha Christie
BBC television dramas
Television series by Mammoth Screen
Films based on And Then There Were None
Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee is a 2007 American Western historical drama television film adapted from the 1970 book of the same name by Dee Brown. The film was written by Daniel Giat, directed by Yves Simoneau and produced by HBO Films. The book on which the film is based is a history of Native Americans in the American West in the 1860s and 1870s, focusing upon the transition from traditional ways of living to living on reservations and their treatment during that period. The title of the film and the book is taken from a line in the Stephen Vincent Benét poem "American Names." It was shot in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, and premiered on HBO on May 27, 2007.
Plot
The plot, which is based on events covered by several chapters of Brown's book, other sources, and on real events, revolves around four main characters: Charles Eastman né Ohiyesa, a young, mixed-race Sioux doctor educated at Dartmouth and Boston University, who is held up as proof of the success of assimilation; Sitting Bull, the Sioux chief who refuses to submit to U.S. government policies designed to strip his people of their identity, their dignity and their sacred land, the gold-laden Black Hills of the Dakotas; U.S. Senator Henry L. Dawes, an architect of government policy for allotment of Indian lands to individual households to force adoption of subsistence farming; and Red Cloud, whose decision to make peace with the American government and go to a reservation disturbed Sitting Bull.
While Eastman and his future wife Elaine Goodale, a reformer from New England and Superintendent of Indian Schools in the Dakotas, work to improve life for Indians on the reservation, Senator Dawes lobbies President Ulysses S. Grant for more humane treatment of the Indians. He opposes the adversarial stance of General William Tecumseh Sherman. The Dawes Commission (held from 1893 to 1914) develops a proposal to break up the Great Sioux Reservation to allow for American demands for land while preserving enough land for the Sioux to live on. The Commission's plan is held up by Sitting Bull's opposition. He has risen to leadership among the Sioux as one of the last chiefs to fight for their independence. Dawes, in turn, urges Eastman to help him convince the recalcitrant tribal leaders. After witnessing conditions on the Sioux reservation, Eastman refuses.
The prophet Wovoka raised Western Indian hopes with his spiritual movement based on a revival of religious practice and the ritual Ghost Dance; it was a messianic movement that promised an end of their suffering under the white man. The assassination of Sitting Bull, and the massacre, by the 7th Cavalry, of nearly 200 Indian men, women and children at Wounded Knee Creek on December 29, 1890, ended such hopes.
Henry L. Dawes' wanted to increase the cultural assimilation of Native Americans into American society by his Dawes Act (1887) and his later efforts as head of the Dawes Commission. During the 47 years of implementing the Act, Native Americans lost about 90 million acres (360,000 km²) of treaty land, or about two-thirds of their 1887 land base. About 90,000 Indians were made landless. The implementation of the Dawes Act disrupted Native American tribes' traditional communal life, culture, and unity.
Cast
Adam Beach as Charles Eastman
Anna Paquin as Elaine Goodale
Chevez Ezaneh as Ohiyesa / Young Charles
August Schellenberg as Chief Sitting Bull
Aidan Quinn as Henry L. Dawes
Colm Feore as General William Tecumseh Sherman
Fred Dalton Thompson as President Ulysses S. Grant
Duane Howard as Uncle
Nathan Lee Chasing His Horse as One Bull
Brian Stollery as Bishop Whipple
Shaun Johnston as Colonel Nelson A. Miles
Gordon Tootoosis as Chief Red Cloud
Billy Merasty as Chief Young Man Afraid of His Horses
Morris Birdyellowhead as Chief American Horse
Eddie Spears as Chasing Crane
Sean Wei Mah as Bull Head
Eric Schweig as Chief Gall
Jimmy Herman as Yellow Bird
Patrick St. Esprit as Major James Walsh
J.K. Simmons as James McLaughlin
Wes Studi as Wovoka / Jack Wilson
Marty Atonini as Colonel James W. Forsyth
Lee Tergesen as Daniel F. Royer
Awards
The film received 17 nominations at the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards, earning more nominations than any other nominee. It won six Emmy Awards:
Won: Outstanding Made for Television Movie
Won: Outstanding Cinematography for a Miniseries or Movie
Won: Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing for a Miniseries, Movie, or Special (tie)
Won: Outstanding Makeup for a Miniseries, Movie, or Special (Non-prosthetic)
Won: Outstanding Sound Editing for a Miniseries, Movie, or Special
Won: Outstanding Single Camera Sound Mixing for a Miniseries or Movie
Nominated: Outstanding Art Direction for a Miniseries or Movie
Nominated: Outstanding Casting for a Miniseries, Movie, or Special
Nominated: Outstanding Costumes for a Miniseries, Movie, or Special
Nominated: Outstanding Directing for a Miniseries, Movie, or Dramatic Special, Yves Simoneau
Nominated: Outstanding Hairstyling for a Miniseries, Movie, or Special
Nominated: Outstanding Music Composition for a Miniseries, Movie, or Special (Original Dramatic Score), George S. Clinton
Nominated: Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Miniseries, Movie, or Special
Nominated: Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Movie, Aidan Quinn
Nominated: Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Movie, August Schellenberg
Nominated: Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or Movie, Anna Paquin
Nominated: Outstanding Writing for a Miniseries, Movie, or Dramatic Special, Daniel Giat
It also received three nominations at the 65th Golden Globe Awards:
Nominated: Best Miniseries or Television Film
Nominated: Best Actor – Miniseries or Television Film, Adam Beach
Nominated: Best Supporting Actress – Miniseries, Series or Television Film, Anna Paquin
It also won the 2007 Broadcast Film Critics Award for Best Picture Made for Television.
Satellite Awards
Nominated: Best Actor – Miniseries or Television Film, Aidan Quinn
Nominated: Best Television Film
Screen Actors Guild Awards
Nominated: Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Miniseries or Television Film, Anna Paquin
References
External links
2007 television films
2007 films
2007 drama films
2007 Western (genre) films
2000s English-language films
2000s historical drama films
American films based on actual events
American historical drama films
American Indian Wars films
American Western (genre) films
Cultural depictions of Sitting Bull
Cultural depictions of Ulysses S. Grant
Drama films based on actual events
American drama television films
Films about massacres
Films about Native Americans
Films based on non-fiction books
Films directed by Yves Simoneau
Films scored by George S. Clinton
Films set in South Dakota
Films shot in Calgary
Historical television films
HBO Films films
Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Made for Television Movie winners
Revisionist Western (genre) films
Television films based on actual events
Television films based on books
Western (genre) films based on actual events
Western (genre) television films
2000s American films
Aleksandr Fyodorovich Makhovikov (; born 12 April 1951) is a former Soviet football player.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1976 (spring).
Soviet Cup winner: 1977, 1984.
International career
Makhovikov made his debut for USSR on 30 April 1972, in the UEFA Euro 1972 quarterfinal against Yugoslavia. He did not play again for the national team until 1976. He played in the qualifiers for UEFA Euro 1980 (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament) and scored his only national team goal in his last USSR game, a friendly against West Germany.
External links
Profile
1951 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Soviet footballers
Association football defenders
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
FC Kuban Krasnodar players
Ultima III: Exodus is the third game in the series of Ultima role-playing video games. Exodus is also the name of the game's principal antagonist. It is the final installment in the "Age of Darkness" trilogy. Released in 1983, it was the first Ultima game published by Origin Systems. Originally developed for the Apple II, Exodus was eventually ported to 13 other platforms, including a NES/Famicom remake.
Ultima III revolves around Exodus, the spawn of Mondain and Minax (from Ultima I and Ultima II, respectively), threatening the world of Sosaria. The player character travels to Sosaria to defeat Exodus and restore the world to peace. Ultima III hosts further advances in graphics, particularly in animation, adds a musical score, and increases the player's options in gameplay with a larger party and more interactivity with the game world.
Ultima III was followed by Ultima IV: Quest of the Avatar in 1985.
Gameplay
Exodus featured revolutionary graphics for its time, as one of the first computer RPGs to display animated characters. Also, Exodus differs from previous games in that players now direct the actions of a party of four characters rather than just one. During regular play the characters are represented as a single player icon and move as one. However, in battle mode, each character is represented separately on a tactical battle screen, and the player alternates commands between each character in order, followed by each enemy character having a turn. This differs from the two previous games in the Ultima series in which the player is simply depicted as trading blows with one opponent on the main map until either is defeated. Enemies on the overworld map can be seen and at least temporarily avoided, while enemies in dungeons appear randomly without any forewarning.
The party of four that a player uses can be chosen at the beginning of the game. There is a choice between 11 classes: Fighter, Paladin, Cleric, Wizard, Ranger, Thief, Barbarian, Lark, Illusionist, Druid, and Alchemist. The player also chooses from among five races: Human, Elf, Dwarf, Bobbit, or Fuzzy. Players then assign points to their statistics: Strength, Dexterity, Intelligence, and Wisdom. The races determine limitations on maximum stat growth, and thus (in the case of Intelligence and Wisdom) maximum spellcasting ability.
Character classes differ in terms of fighting skill, magical abilities, and thieving abilities, with varying degrees of proficiency in each. Fighters, for example, can use all weapons and armor, but lack thieving or magic abilities; clerics can use up to maces and chain armor, and all clerical spells; Alchemists can use only daggers and cloth armor, and half wizard spells and half thieving abilities.
Each character begins at Level 1 and increases individually. The maximum effective level for characters is 25. Beyond this point the level will continue to increase; however the number of hit points is fixed at 2550. Maximum hit points for a character can be calculated by the following formula: HP = 100 * L + 50 (where L is the current level of the character). When a character has gained enough experience points, they must transact with Lord British for the character to level up.
Aside from the ability to talk to townspeople there are other commands that can be used on them. Some of the commands a player can use are bribe, steal, and fight. Bribing can be used to make certain guards go away from their post. Steal can be used on townspeople and some enemies, but can result in conflict with townspeople if caught. A player can choose to fight a townsperson, but it will prompt the guards to chase after the player characters. The guards always come in parties of eight and are very difficult to defeat. You can also choose to fight Lord British, but he cannot be killed, thus resulting in a long, drawn-out fight that the player will ultimately lose. Lord British can be temporarily killed by cannon fire from a ship in the castle moat, but exiting and re-entering the castle restores him.
Unlike the two previous Ultima games, which had wire-frame first-person dungeons, Exodus dungeons are solid-3D in appearance and integrated into the game's plot. Dungeons are necessary to obtain certain marks that are needed to finish the game. Each dungeon has 8 levels, and the deeper the level the more challenging the enemies. Note: the monsters that are spawned in dungeons are not based on character level as the overworld monsters are; rather, they are based on the dungeon level they are encountered in, so going too deep into certain dungeons may be too hard for characters in the early stages of the game. One can find many chests (with gold, weapons, and armor) inside dungeons, but many of them are trapped. Aside from chests and marks, one can find fountains in dungeons: some heal, some cure, and some poison. Peering at gems allows the player to see a map of a given dungeon level; torches or light-casting spells are necessary to be able to see inside dungeons.
There are three modes of travel in the game: on foot, horseback, and boat. Getting around on foot is slow and can often lead to monsters catching up to the player character. Horseback gives the player character the advantage of moving faster while consuming less food, making getting away from unwanted fights easier. Getting a boat requires players to reach a certain level so that pirate ships begin appearing. Once a pirate ship is defeated, the boat belongs to the player. Obtaining a boat is necessary in order to visit the island of Ambrosia, and to reach Exodus and thus win the game.
By denying the player the ability to see what's behind mountain peaks, forests, and walls, the overland maps contain many small surprises such as hidden treasure, secret paths, and out-of-the-way informants. The look of the game is no longer based on certain characteristics of the Apple II hardware; it is rather a carefully designed screen layout.
Beating the game requires the player to get all four marks and all four prayer cards. At the altar of Exodus, the player character must insert the cards in a particular order to defeat Exodus.
Plot
After Ultima II: The Revenge of the Enchantress was set on Earth, the story of Exodus returns the player to Sosaria, the world of Ultima I. The game is named for its chief villain, Exodus, a creation of Minax and Mondain that the series later describes as neither human nor machine. Although a demonic figure appears on the cover of the game, Exodus turns out to something like a computer (possibly an artificial intelligence) and to defeat him the player has to acquire four magic (punch)cards and insert them into the mainframe in a specific order.
At the beginning of the game, Exodus is terrorizing the land of Sosaria from his stronghold on the Isle of Fire. The player is summoned by Lord British to defeat Exodus, and embarks on a quest that takes him to the lost land of Ambrosia, to the depths of the dungeons of Sosaria to receive powerful magical branding marks and to find the mysterious Time Lord, and finally to the Isle of Fire itself to confront Exodus in his lair.
The game ends immediately upon Exodus' defeat; but unlike many games in the genre, Exodus cannot simply be killed in battle by a strong party of adventurers, but only through puzzle-solving and by paying attention to the clues given throughout the game. At the end of the game, players were instructed to "REPORT THY VICTORY!" to Origin. Those who did so received a certificate of completion autographed by Richard Garriott.
Places in the game such as Ambrosia and the Isle of Fire make appearances in later games, such as Ultima VII and Ultima Online.
Development
Ultima III was the first game in the series published by Richard Garriott's company Origin Systems. Ports appeared on many different systems.
*The publisher Starcraft has no relation to the video game StarCraft and went out of business in 1996.
Reception and legacy
Ultima III sold over 100,000 copies by August 1986, and over 120,000 copies by 1990. Video magazine listed the game seventh on its list of best selling video games in March 1985 with II Computing listing it fifth on the magazine's list of top Apple II games as of late 1985, based on sales and market-share data.
Exodus is credited as a game that laid the foundation for the role-playing video game genre, influencing games such as Dragon Quest and Final Fantasy. In turn, Exodus was itself influenced by Wizardry, which Richard Garriot credited as the inspiration behind the party-based combat in his game. Computer Gaming World stated in February 1994 that Exodus "was the game that became known as Ultima to hundreds of thousands of cartridge gamers".
Softline stated that Ultima III "far surpasses" its predecessors, praising the "masterfully unified" plot and individual tactical combat. The magazine concluded that the game "upgrades the market; in several ways it sets new standards for the fantasy gaming state of the art. Happily, it also shows us a maturing artistic discipline on the part of its imaginative author". Computer Gaming Worlds Scorpia in 1983 called Ultima III "unquestionably the best in the series so far ... many hours of enjoyment (and frustration!)", although she criticized the ending as anticlimactic. The magazine's Patricia Fitzgibbons in 1985 reviewed the Macintosh version. She complimented its graphics but criticized the audio, and stated that the game did not adequately use the computer's user interface, describing using the mouse as "aggravating". Fitzgibbons concluded "Even though the Mac conversion is far from ideal, Ultima III is a very enjoyable game, and well worth its hefty price". In 1993 Scorpia stated that Ultima III was the best of the first trilogy, and that its "surprisingly quiet and nonviolent" defeat of the villain presaged the later games' "resolutions that are less combative in spirit". The magazine stated in February 1994 that Exodus "was really the first [Ultima] to have a coherent plot beyond the typical dungeon romp".
Compute! in 1984 stated that Ultima III "ushers in an exciting new era of fantasy role-playing. The combination of superb graphics, music, and excellent playability makes Exodus a modern-day masterpiece". It noted the cloth map and the extensive documentation, the "thrilling" 3-D dungeons, the game's use of time, and the spell system. The magazine concluded, "Lord British has outdone himself with his latest work of art ... a delight to play". INFO stated that "Lord British's latest offering is also his best ... Many wonderful hours will be spent unravelling its secrets". The magazine gave the Amiga version four stars compared to five stars for the 64 version, stating that "the graphics and user interface could have been better Amiga-tized". The Chicago Tribune called Ultima III "one of the best" computer games, providing "an epic adventure which can last for months". Famitsu reviewed the 1987 Famicom remake and scored it 32 out of 40.
In 1984 Softline readers named the game the third most-popular Apple and eighth most-popular Atari program of 1983. It won the Adventure Game of the Year prize in Computer Gaming World's 1985 reader poll, about which the editors wrote "Although Ultima III has been out well over a year, we feel that it is still the best game of its kind." With a score of 7.55 out of 10, in 1988 Ultima III was among the first members of the Computer Gaming World Hall of Fame, honoring those games rated highly over time by readers. In 1996, the magazine ranked it as the 144th the best game of all time, featuring "one of the nastiest villains to grace a computer screen".
The demon figure that appeared on the front of the box caused some religious fundamentalists to protest. They made accusations that the game was corrupting the youth of America and encouraging Satan worshiping. This, along with other factors, led Richard Garriott to develop his next game (Ultima IV) based on the virtues the Ultima series became famous for.
Reviews
Casus Belli (Issue 18 - Dec 1983)
Casus Belli #26 (June 1985)
References
External links
1983 video games
Amiga games
Apple II games
Atari 8-bit family games
Atari ST games
Commodore 64 games
DOS games
FM-7 games
FM Towns games
Games commercially released with DOSBox
Classic macOS games
MSX2 games
NEC PC-8801 games
NEC PC-9801 games
Nintendo Entertainment System games
Open-world video games
Role-playing video games
Sharp X1 games
Single-player video games
Ultima (series)
Video game sequels
Video games developed in the United States
Video games featuring protagonists of selectable gender
Video games with tile-based graphics
Elymus elymoides is a species of wild rye known by the common name squirreltail. This grass is native to most of North America west of the Mississippi River and occurs in a number of ecosystems, from the alpine zone to desert sage scrub to valley grassland.
Description
Elymus elymoides is a perennial bunch grass growing to around in height. Its erect solid stems have flat or rolled leaf blades. The inflorescence is up to long and somewhat stiff and erect, with spikelets one or two centimeters long not counting the awn, which may be 9 centimeters long and sticks straight out at maturity, making the inflorescence look like a bottlebrush (see main image), and aiding wind dispersal of the seeds. In contrast, the early-season spike is compact and reddish, as in the images at left.
This grass is considered very good forage for sheep. It is best for grazing during the winter, when it is small and green. It becomes less palatable to livestock when its awns grow long and sharp at maturity.
Economics and competition
The genus Elymus is a part of the Poaceae, the grass family, which is the most economically important plant family to modern human civilization. Evolving 55 million years ago, members of the Poaceae produce wheat, rice, and barley cereal grains. Elymus elymoides (also known as squirreltail) is a specific type of wild rye that experiences competitive forces when introduced to invasive species, such as cheat grass (Bromus tectorum). E. elymoides experiences a decrease in fitness when growing concurrently with B. tectorum, leading to natural selection acting negatively on E. elymoides. This is perhaps best seen in the Great Basin, as the dry environment makes water a limiting resource, resulting in competition over it. B. tectorum'''s advantages may be due to its ability to re-engineer that particular ecosystem's scarce water supply. B. tectorum affects Elymus multisetus similarly, indicating that the trait causing decreased fitness is shared among the entire genus Elymus.
Competition also occurs between E. elymoides and the invasive crested wheatgrass (Agropyron cristatum). When introduced, crested wheatgrass negatively affects mature E. elymoides, despite being able to effectively compete at the seedling stage. If crested wheatgrass is used in rehabilitation or restoration of a site, then co-planting a native bunch grass, such as E. elymoides, may be helpful in preventing a crested wheatgrass monoculture. Because E. elymoides populations decline when introduced to certain populations, squirreltail may benefit more from a monoculture setting. This characteristic is supported by another species, Elymus nutas. However, although it is successful as a monoculture food source, it results in a reduction of carbon transfer and decreased soil health when grown alone. To preserve a prosperous Elymus elymoides food source, one must take into consideration its effects on the soil when grown alone, and its responses to competitive forces if grown with other plants.
Subspecies
Subspecies include:E. e. ssp. brevifolius - widespreadE. e. ssp. californicus - occurs in the western half of the species rangeE. e. ssp. elymoides - widespreadE. e. ssp. hordeoides'' - limited mostly to the Pacific Northwest
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment: Elymus elymoides
Elymus elymoides — U.C. Photo gallery
elymoides
Bunchgrasses of North America
Grasses of the United States
Grasses of Canada
Native grasses of the Great Plains region
Native grasses of California
Native grasses of Nebraska
Native grasses of Oklahoma
Native grasses of Texas
Flora of Western Canada
Flora of the Northwestern United States
Flora of the Southwestern United States
North American desert flora
Flora of the Great Basin
Flora of the California desert regions
Flora of the Sonoran Deserts
Flora of Arizona
Flora of Colorado
Flora of Nevada
Flora of New Mexico
Flora of Utah
Flora of Wyoming
Flora of the Cascade Range
Flora of the Klamath Mountains
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the Mojave Desert
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Warren Kurt Bickel is an American behavioral pharmacologist and the Virginia Tech Carilion Behavioral Health Research Professor at the Fralin Biomedical Research Institute in Virginia Tech's Carilion School of Medicine. He is also a professor of psychology at Virginia Tech and a professor of psychiatry and behavioral medicine in their Carilion School of Medicine, the director of Virginia Tech's Addiction Recovery Research Center, and the co-director of their Center for Transformative Research on Health Behaviors. He formerly served as editor-in-chief of Experimental and Clinical Psychopharmacology and as president of Division 28 (Psychopharmacology and Substance Abuse) of the American Psychological Association.
References
External links
Faculty page
Living people
American pharmacologists
American addiction physicians
Virginia Tech faculty
Academic journal editors
University of Kansas alumni
State University of New York at New Paltz alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Kurd Maverick (born Cihan Ötün) is a German House producer and DJ.
Biography
He is of Kurdish origin.
Discography
Singles
2006: The Rub (I Never Rock)
2006: Love Sensation 2006 (with Eddie Thoneick)
2007: Let's Work
2007: String of Tortuga
2007: Rise! (mit Tapesh feat. Terri B!)
2008: Let the Freak Out! (with Azin)
2008: (All Over) The World
2009: Love Emergency (with Sam Obernik)
2009: Blue Monday
2009: Ring Ring Ring (with Rud)
2010: Shine a Light
2011: N.Y.C (with Terri B! aka Terri Bjerre
2012: Hell Yeah
2019: Lonely (with Eddie Thonekick featuring Errol Reid)
Remixes (selection)
2005: D.O.N.S. feat. Technotronic - Pump Up the Jam
2006: Basement Jaxx - Take Me Back To Your House
2006: Soul Avengerz feat. Javine - Don't Let The Morning Come
2006: Full Intention - Soul Power
2006: Robbie Williams - Lovelight
2006: Chic Flowerz vs. Muriel Fowler - Gypsy Woman
2006: Sonique - Tonight
2006: John Dahlbäck - Nothing Is For Real
2007: Bob Sinclar - Everybody Movin'
2007: Tim Deluxe feat. Simon Franks - Let The Beats Roll
2008: Rosenstolz - Wie Weit Ist Vorbei
2008: Eddie Thoneick - I Wanna Freak U
2009: Pet Shop Boys - Love Etc.
2010: Boy George - Amazing Grace
2010: Alex Gaudino - I'm In Love (I Wanna Do It)
2010: Eddie Thoneick feat. Andy P. - Love Under Pressure
External links
Kurd Maverick on Myspace
References
German trance musicians
German house musicians
German DJs
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
German people of Kurdish descent
Electronic dance music DJs
Kurdish DJs
John William Henry Brown (April 22, 1893 – November 2, 1973) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player at the right wing position. He played with the Toronto Shamrocks, the Toronto Blueshirts, and the Toronto 228th Battalion of the National Hockey Association between 1914–1917.
References
1893 births
1973 deaths
Canadian ice hockey players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
People from Northumberland County, Ontario
Toronto 228th Battalion players
Toronto Blueshirts players
Toronto Shamrocks players
Rambergsvallen was a multi-use stadium on Hisingen in Gothenburg, Sweden. It was used mostly for football matches and served as the home ground of BK Häcken. The stadium held 7,000 people and was opened August 18, 1935.
References
Football venues in Gothenburg
Athletics (track and field) venues in Sweden
1935 establishments in Sweden
Sports venues completed in 1935
Electrophilic aromatic substitution is an organic reaction in which an atom that is attached to an aromatic system (usually hydrogen) is replaced by an electrophile. Some of the most important electrophilic aromatic substitutions are aromatic nitration, aromatic halogenation, aromatic sulfonation, and alkylation and acylation Friedel–Crafts reaction.
Illustrative reactions
The most widely practised example of this reaction is the ethylation of benzene.
Approximately 24,700,000 tons were produced in 1999. (After dehydrogenation and polymerization, the commodity plastic polystyrene is produced.) In this process, acids are used as catalyst to generate the incipient carbocation. Many other electrophilic reactions of benzene are conducted, although on a much smaller scale; they are valuable routes to key intermediates. The nitration of benzene is achieved via the action of the nitronium ion as the electrophile. The sulfonation with fuming sulfuric acid gives benzenesulfonic acid. Aromatic halogenation with bromine, chlorine, or iodine gives the corresponding aryl halides. This reaction is typically catalyzed by the corresponding iron or aluminum trihalide.
The Friedel–Crafts reaction can be performed either as an acylation or as an alkylation. Often, aluminium trichloride is used, but almost any strong Lewis acid can be applied. For the acylation reaction a stoichiometric amount of aluminum trichloride is required.
Reaction mechanism
The overall reaction mechanism, denoted by the Hughes–Ingold mechanistic symbol SEAr, begins with the aromatic ring attacking the electrophile E+. This step leads to the formation of a positively charged and delocalized cyclohexadienyl cation, also known as an arenium ion, Wheland intermediate, or arene σ-complex. Many examples of this carbocation have been characterized, but under normal operating conditions these highly acidic species will donate the proton attached to the sp3 carbon to the solvent (or any other weak base) to reestablish aromaticity. The net result is the replacement of H by E in the aryl ring. Occasionally, other electrofuges (groups that can leave without their electron pair) beside H+ will depart to reestablish aromaticity; these species include silyl groups (as SiR3+), the carboxy group (as CO2 + H+), the iodo group (as I+), and tertiary alkyl groups like t-butyl (as R+). The capacity of these types of substituents to leave is sometimes exploited synthetically, particularly the case of replacement of silyl by another functional group (ipso attack). However, the loss of groups like iodo or alkyl is more often an undesired side reaction.
Effect of substituent groups
Both the regioselectivity—the diverse arene substitution patterns—and the speed of an electrophilic aromatic substitution are affected by the substituents already attached to the benzene ring. In terms of regioselectivity, some groups promote substitution at the ortho or para positions, whereas other groups favor substitution at the meta position. These groups are called either ortho–para directing or meta directing, respectively. In addition, some groups will increase the rate of reaction (activating) while others will decrease the rate (deactivating). While the patterns of regioselectivity can be explained with resonance structures, the influence on kinetics can be explained by both resonance structures and the inductive effect.
Reaction rate
Substituents can generally be divided into two classes regarding electrophilic substitution: activating and deactivating towards the aromatic ring. Activating substituents or activating groups stabilize the cationic intermediate formed during the substitution by donating electrons into the ring system, by either inductive effect or resonance effects. Examples of activated aromatic rings are toluene, aniline and phenol.
The extra electron density delivered into the ring by the substituent is not distributed evenly over the entire ring but is concentrated on atoms 2, 4 and 6, so activating substituents are also ortho/para directors (see below).
On the other hand, deactivating substituents destabilize the intermediate cation and thus decrease the reaction rate by either inductive or resonance effects. They do so by withdrawing electron density from the aromatic ring. The deactivation of the aromatic system means that generally harsher conditions are required to drive the reaction to completion. An example of this is the nitration of toluene during the production of trinitrotoluene (TNT). While the first nitration, on the activated toluene ring, can be done at room temperature and with dilute acid, the second one, on the deactivated nitrotoluene ring, already needs prolonged heating and more concentrated acid, and the third one, on very strongly deactivated dinitrotoluene, has to be done in boiling concentrated sulfuric acid. Groups that are electron-withdrawing by resonance decrease the electron density especially at positions 2, 4 and 6, leaving positions 3 and 5 as the ones with comparably higher reactivity, so these types of groups are meta directors (see below). Halogens are electronegative, so they are deactivating by induction, but they have lone pairs, so they are resonance donors and therefore ortho/para directors.
Ortho/para directors
Groups with unshared pairs of electrons, such as the amino group of aniline, are strongly activating and ortho/para-directing by resonance. Such activating groups donate those unshared electrons to the pi system, creating a negative charge on the ortho and para positions. These positions are thus the most reactive towards an electron-poor electrophile. This increased reactivity might be offset by steric hindrance between activating group and electrophile but on the other hand there are two ortho positions for reaction but only one para position. Hence the final outcome of the electrophilic aromatic substitution is difficult to predict, and it is usually only established by doing the reaction and observing the ratio of ortho versus para substitution.
In addition to the increased nucleophilic nature of the original ring, when the electrophile attacks the ortho and para positions of aniline, the nitrogen atom can donate electron density to the pi system (forming an iminium ion), giving four resonance structures (as opposed to three in the basic reaction). This substantially enhances the stability of the cationic intermediate.
When the electrophile attacks the meta position, the nitrogen atom cannot donate electron density to the pi system, giving only three resonance contributors. This reasoning is consistent with low yields of meta-substituted product.
Other substituents, such as the alkyl and aryl substituents, may also donate electron density to the pi system; however, since they lack an available unshared pair of electrons, their ability to do this is rather limited. Thus, they only weakly activate the ring and do not strongly disfavor the meta position.
Directed ortho metalation is a special type of EAS with special ortho directors.
Meta directors
Non-halogen groups with atoms that are more electronegative than carbon, such as a carboxylic acid group (-CO2H), withdraw substantial electron density from the pi system. These groups are strongly deactivating groups. Additionally, since the substituted carbon is already electron-poor, any structure having a resonance contributor in which there is a positive charge on the carbon bearing the electron-withdrawing group (i.e., ortho or para attack) is less stable than the others. Therefore, these electron-withdrawing groups are meta directing because this is the position that does not have as much destabilization.
The reaction is also much slower (a relative reaction rate of 6×10−8 compared to benzene) because the ring is less nucleophilic.
Reaction on pyridine
Compared to benzene, the rate of electrophilic substitution on pyridine is much slower, due to the higher electronegativity of the nitrogen atom. Additionally, the nitrogen in pyridine easily gets a positive charge either by protonation (from nitration or sulfonation) or Lewis acids (such as AlCl3) used to catalyze the reaction. This makes the reaction even slower by having adjacent formal charges on carbon and nitrogen or 2 formal charges on a localised atom. Doing an electrophilic substitution directly in pyridine is nearly impossible.
In order to do the reaction, they can be made by 2 possible reactions, which are both indirect.
One possible way to do a substitution on pyridine is nucleophilic aromatic substitution. Even with no catalysts, the nitrogen atom, being electronegative, can hold the negative charge by itself. Another way is to do an oxidation before the electrophilic substitution. This makes pyridine N-oxide, which due to the negative oxygen atom, makes the reaction faster than pyridine, and even benzene. The oxide then can be reduced to the substituted pyridine.
Ipso attack
The attachment of an entering group to a position in an aromatic compound already carrying a substituent group (other than hydrogen). The entering group may displace that substituent group but may also itself be expelled or migrate to another position in a subsequent step. The term ipso-substitution' is not used, since it is synonymous with substitution. A classic example is the reaction of salicylic acid with a mixture of nitric and sulfuric acid to form picric acid. The nitration of the 2 position involves the loss of CO2 as the leaving group. Desulfonation in which a sulfonyl group is substituted by a proton is a common example. See also Hayashi rearrangement. In aromatics substituted by silicon, the silicon reacts by ipso'' substitution.
Five membered heterocycles
Compared to benzene, furans, thiophenes, and pyrroles are more susceptible to electrophilic attack. These compounds all contain an atom with an unshared pair of electrons (oxygen, sulfur, or nitrogen) as a member of the aromatic ring, which substantially stabilizes the cationic intermediate. Examples of electrophilic substitutions to pyrrole are the Pictet–Spengler reaction and the Bischler–Napieralski reaction.
Asymmetric electrophilic aromatic substitution
Electrophilic aromatic substitutions with prochiral carbon electrophiles have been adapted for asymmetric synthesis by switching to chiral Lewis acid catalysts especially in Friedel–Crafts type reactions. An early example concerns the addition of chloral to phenols catalyzed by aluminium chloride modified with (–)-menthol. A glyoxylate compound has been added to N,N-dimethylaniline with a chiral bisoxazoline ligand–copper(II) triflate catalyst system also in a Friedel–Crafts hydroxyalkylation:
In another alkylation N-methylpyrrole reacts with crotonaldehyde catalyzed by trifluoroacetic acid modified with a chiral imidazolidinone:
Indole reacts with an enamide catalyzed by a chiral BINOL derived phosphoric acid:
In the presence of 10–20 % chiral catalyst, 80–90% ee is achievable.
Other reactions
Other reactions that follow an electrophilic aromatic substitution pattern are a group of aromatic formylation reactions including the Vilsmeier–Haack reaction, the Gattermann Koch reaction and the Reimer–Tiemann reaction.
Other electrophiles are aromatic diazonium salts in diazonium couplings, carbon dioxide in the Kolbe–Schmitt reaction and activated carbonyl groups in the Pechmann condensation, hydroxycarbenium ion in the Blanc chloromethylation via an intermediate (hydroxymethyl)arene (benzyl alcohol), chloryl cation (ClO3+) for electrophilic perchlorylation.
In the multistep Lehmstedt–Tanasescu reaction, one of the electrophiles is a N-nitroso intermediate.
In the Tscherniac–Einhorn reaction''' (named after Joseph Tscherniac and Alfred Einhorn) the electrophile is a N-methanol derivative of an amide
See also
Electrophilic halogenation
Nucleophilic aromatic substitution
References
External links
Aromatic Substitution Reactions – MSU
Substitution reactions
Reaction mechanisms
1888 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Yale Bulldogs (coached by Walter Camp)
Events
Tackling below the waist is legalised.
Association football
England
FA Cup final – West Bromwich Albion 2–1 Preston North End at The Oval
Walsall Town and Walsall Swifts merge to form Walsall Football Club. The club initially plays under the name of Walsall Town Swifts.
Small Heath, later Birmingham City, is the first football club to form a limited company
7 March — Tinsley Lindley scores in his ninth consecutive England game, a record that still stands.
Origin of the Football League
One of the problems facing professionalism is the lack of competitive matches, especially for teams that have been knocked out of the FA Cup. It is self–evident that crowds for friendly fixtures are much lower, which means a reduction in revenue and consequent struggle to pay wages.
Aston Villa's Scottish director William McGregor seeks a solution by asking other professional clubs to arrange annual home and away fixtures on a competitive basis, with points to be awarded for winning and drawing. Following a conference between club directors on 23 March, the English Football League is founded on 17 April as one division of twelve clubs.
The founder members are: Accrington F.C. (1888–1893), Aston Villa, Blackburn Rovers, Bolton Wanderers, Burnley, Derby County, Everton, Notts County, Preston North End, Stoke F.C., West Bromwich Albion and Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Hungary
MTK Budapest FC was founded.
India
Durand Cup instituted by Mortimer Durand as recreation for British troops stationed in India. It is the oldest tournament in India and the third oldest in the world.
Scotland
Scottish Cup Final – Renton 6–1 Cambuslang
Celtic Football Club is founded by members of the Marist Order, a teaching institute, as a way of raising money for a poor children's charity. The club's first ground is a piece of rented land not far from the present Celtic Park. Celtic's first recorded match is a home "friendly" against Rangers; Celtic win 5–2 in what is therefore the inaugural "Old Firm Game".
Baseball
National championship
National League v. American Association – New York Giants (NL) defeats Saint Louis Cardinals (AA) 6 games to 4.
Events
The last of many adjustments finally sets four balls and three strikes for a "walk" and a strikeout.
Boxing
Events
10 March - Heavyweight Boxing champ John L. Sullivan draws Charlie Mitchell in 30 rounds
30 October - The inaugural World Welterweight Champion is Paddy Duffy of Boston, Massachusetts who is recognised following his 17th-round knockout of Billy McMillan at Fort Foote, Virginia on 30 October. Duffy retains the title until his death (by tuberculosis) in 1890. The welterweight division is for fighters weighing between 140 and 147lb.
Lineal world champions
World Heavyweight Championship – John L. Sullivan
World Middleweight Championship – Jack Nonpareil Dempsey
World Welterweight Championship – Paddy Duffy
World Lightweight Championship – Jack McAuliffe
Cricket
Events
After a run of disastrous results over a number of seasons, Derbyshire is demoted from first-class status and the 1888 championship is contested by only eight teams: Gloucestershire, Kent, Lancashire, Middlesex, Nottinghamshire, Surrey, Sussex and Yorkshire. Derbyshire will recover first-class status in 1894 and join the official County Championship in 1895.
5 July — formation of Glamorgan County Cricket Club at a meeting in the Angel Hotel, Cardiff.
Thanks mainly to the bowling of Bobby Peel, England defeats Australia 2–1 to retain The Ashes.
England
Champion County – Surrey
Most runs – W. G. Grace 1,886 @ 32.51 (HS 215)
Most wickets – Charlie Turner 283 @ 11.68 (BB 9–15)
Wisden Six Great Bowlers of the Year – George Lohmann, Johnny Briggs, John Ferris, Charlie Turner, Sammy Woods, Bobby Peel
Australia
Most runs – Harry Moses 815 @ 62.69 (HS 297*)
Most wickets – Charlie Turner 106 @ 13.59 (BB 8–39)
Golf
February 22 - “Father of American Golf” John Reid first demonstrates golf on a Yonkers cow pasture to friends
Major tournaments
British Open – Jack Burns
Other tournaments
British Amateur – John Ball
Horse racing
England
Grand National – Playfair
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Briar-root
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Ayrshire
The Derby – Ayrshire
The Oaks – Seabreeze
St. Leger Stakes – Seabreeze
Australia
Melbourne Cup – Mentor
Canada
Queen's Plate – Harry Cooper
Ireland
Irish Grand National – The Maroon
Irish Derby Stakes – Theodolite
USA
Kentucky Derby – MacBeth II
Preakness Stakes – Refund
Belmont Stakes – Sir Dixon
Ice hockey
March 15 – Montreal Hockey Club defeats Montreal Victorias 2–1 in a playoff to capture the 1888 AHAC championship.
Rowing
The Boat Race
24 March — Cambridge wins the 45th Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby football
Home Nations Championship
The 1888 Home Nations Championship is the 6th series of the Home Nations Championship contested by Ireland, Scotland and Wales. England is excluded due to its refusal to join the International Rugby Board. The teams win one match apiece and the title is shared by all three.
Other events
The 1888 British Isles tour of New Zealand and Australia sees the first overseas touring rugby team from Britain. The tour is a private venture and not authorised by the Home Nations.
The 1888–1889 New Zealand Native football team are the first overseas rugby tourists from the Southern Hemisphere. The team plays matches under Rugby football, Victorian Rules football and Association football codes.
Bristol Football Club is formed when the Carlton club merges with rival club Redland Park to create a united Bristol team.
Tennis
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – Ernest Renshaw (GB) defeats Herbert Lawford (GB) 6–3 7–5 6–0
Wimbledon Women's Singles Championship – Lottie Dod (GB) defeats Blanche Bingley Hillyard (GB) 6–3 6–3
USA
American Men's Singles Championship – Henry Slocum (USA) defeats Howard A. Taylor (USA) 6–4 6–1 6–0
American Women's Singles Championship – Bertha Townsend (USA) defeats Ellen Hansell (USA) 6–3 6–5
References
Sports by year
Anjum Aqeel Khan is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Early life
Khan started his career as a school teacher. He then became a real estate agent, and later a real estate developer.
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-48 (Islamabad-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N) in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 61,480 votes and defeated Syed Israr Hussain, a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-48 (Islamabad-I) as a candidate of PML-N in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 52,205 votes and lost the seat to Javed Hashmi.
Controversies
In February 2011, Khan agreed to reimburse the sum of 5.8 billion rupees after admitting to the Federal Investigation Agency that, as the real estate broker of the National Police Foundation, he caused major financial losses (six-billion-rupee land fraud) to the Foundation. He was arrested in July 2011, but got released shortly thereafter. In November 2011, the police prosecuted Khan again for illegally occupying a plot in Islamabad. Arrested, he finally was bailed out in March 2012.
In 2016, the Pakistani National Accountability Bureau is criticized for not moving forward on Khan's obvious illegal real estate operations. In 2019, Khan is acquitted in National Police Foundation corruption case.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
People from Islamabad
Pakistani prisoners and detainees
Pakistani politicians convicted of crimes
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Tamworth Country Music Festival is an annual Australian music festival held for 10 days from Friday to Sunday in mid to late January each year, sometimes including Australia Day, in Tamworth, New South Wales.
The festival is a celebration of country music culture and heritage, in particular the national Australian country music scene, with numerous concerts and live performances at various venues. During the festival the city of Tamworth comes alive with visitors from all across the country and worldwide. The festival has many times been counted among the world's top ten music festivals. In 2007, Forbes rated it as number 8 of the "World's Coolest Music Festivals".
The enormous number of visitors during the bash doubles the city's population and brings significant tourism and economic benefits to the region. Visitor numbers for the 2012 festival were estimated at 50,000.
The mass number of visitors means that accommodation throughout the area is consistently booked out for this period up to 12 months in advance, with many visitors camping in caravans, camper vans and tents by the city's riverside and numerous other temporary camping sites throughout the region. The festival is the second biggest country music festival in the world, after the CMA Music Festival in Nashville, Tennessee, USA.
The 2021 Tamworth Country Music Festival was not held due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia. Tamworth Regional Council councillors voted unanimously to cancel the event, citing the associated health risks to the region. The annual Golden Guitar Awards was to proceed, albeit in an online streaming format. In 2022 the festival was postponed to April.
Media coverage
A significant amount of media coverage is given locally and national, in the printed media and also with the three big commercial networks the Nine Network, Channel 7 and Ten Network having broadcast news and segments from the festival. There is also national radio coverage from stations including ABC Country, ABC Radio and KIX Country.
History
When the Tamworth Country Music Festival commenced is often debated. In 1968 the then Tamworth branch of the Modern Country Music Association, now the Capital Country Music Association (CCMA), began a talent quest on the Australia Day long weekend in January. The talent quest, now known as the CCMA National Talent Quest, is considered a major influence in what was to become the festival in January 1973 with the first staging, by local radio station, of the Australasian Country Music Awards (aka the Golden Guitar Awards for its distinctive "golden guitar" trophy) as part of its Country Music Capital promotion which had commenced in 1969.
The festival expanded to many other activities, with events running back throughout the week before the Awards and National Talent Quest staged on what was then the Australia Day long weekend. These events included Bluegrass Championships, Hands of Fame inductions, the Roll of Renown, rodeo events, Coca-Cola Concerts, Toyota Star Maker Quest, Tamworth Songwriters' Association Awards, busking in Peel Street, the Cavalcade and industry seminars among other events. These events were promoted to highlight Australian Country Music and to draw attention to the climax of the 10 days, the Golden Guitar Awards.
Radio 2TM ran the awards until 1993 when they were passed on to the newly formed national industry organisation, the Country Music Association of Australia (CMAA).
The staging of the Golden Guitar Awards moved from Sunday to the Saturday night in the last weekend of the festival in late January as the Australia Day public holiday was moved to float with the 26 January date.
Impact of COVID-19
As late as 15 June 2020, the 2021 Festival was set to go ahead. On 8 September 2020 Tamworth Regional Councillors voted to suspend all Tamworth Regional Council run events at the 2021 Toyota Country Music Festival, effectively cancelling the 49th Tamworth Festival. It is the first time in its history the annual event has been cancelled. The annual Golden Guitar Awards were planned to proceed via online streaming. In announcing the decision Festival Manager Barry Harley said "Unfortunately, like so many others in our situation, we have had to surrender to the challenges COVID has placed on us and make the difficult decision to suspend TCMF2021." Tamworth Region Mayor Col Murray also stated that in making the decision council had "the health and safety of our community, our fans, the artists, volunteers, local businesses, staff, and the wider country music industry front of mind." As of 9 September 2020, organisers were confident the 2022 event would proceed as usual, enabling the 50th anniversary of the event to be celebrated. However, on 7 January 2022, the NSW government announced the reintrodction of some COVID control "safety measures". As a result the festival was postponed to April 2022.
Music
Styles
Since the festival's original commencement the following music genres have been performed: classic country, bluegrass, country rock, folk, urban country, alternative country, rockabilly, Western swing, country rock'n'roll, yodelling, rock, blues and World music. The festival has diversified in styles of country as the genre country music itself has broadened, additionally other styles of music are played at the festival.
Festival awards
Golden Guitar Awards
The CMAA's awards night ceremony is called the Country Music Awards of Australia, in which winning artists are presented with Golden Guitar Award trophies that are miniature replicas of the Golden Guitar statue. These awards are highly coveted in the Australian country music industry. The presentation of awards is regarded as the pinnacle event of the Tamworth Country Music Festival.
Other awards and talent quests
Toyota Star Maker Quest|Toyota Star Maker
Tamworth Songwriters' Association Awards
Telstra Road to Discovery
No Holds Barred Fiddle Contest
Telstra Queen of Country Music Quest
Aristocrat Junior and Senior Entertainer of The Year
Kids Talent Quest
Country Entertainer of the Year
Main and Peel streets
During the music festival the main shopping street (Peel Street) is restricted to pedestrians only. In this area, buskers are required to register with the local council. There is also a competition between these registered buskers to find the festival's best busker. There has been complaint and controversy about the use of very loud PA systems against acoustic performances. Council officers are known to walk the street with decibel meters during performances. Since January is a summer month with daytime temperatures regularly hovering around 38 °C, it is during the nighttime that the city really comes to life, with people heading down town to drink, dance and generally party while numerous bands play up and down the main street.
Venues
During the festival over 2500 acts use up to 120 venues. The largest venue used is the Tamworth Regional Entertainment Centre which has a capacity of 5100 people.
Festival Countdown
The Festival Countdown is the "pre-festival" festival. During this week before the festival many country music fans come to Tamworth to set up camp and enjoy the city, while there are also dozens of concerts scheduled during this week.
Attractions
Besides the music the festival has many other country music attractions for visitors. These include the Big Golden Guitar, Country Music Wax Museum, Hands of Fame Park and the National Guitar Museum of successful country music artists. Additionally fine arts, crafts, street performers and markets attract large crowds in Peel St.
The Country Music Cavalcade on the last Saturday of the festival attracts large crowds to Peel Street, with many businesses and musicians participating with floats in the parade.
Preparation
During the buildup prior to the commencement of celebrations, the Tamworth Regional Council takes steps to beautify and secure the city, performing such works as:
Erecting signs to direct traffic away from hot spots, and reduce congestion.
Pre-Festival advertising and promotional campaigns.
Extensive road maintenance.
Blocking traffic from four blocks of Peel Street, the central shopping district.
Co-ordinating and tidying the expansive camping grounds.
Co-ordinating with the CMAA (Country Music Association of Australia) in connection with events.
Co-ordination with law enforcement and security bodies.
Artist lineups
The Tamworth Country Music Festival attracts much country music, bluegrass, rock and folk musicians to the city each year. Performers perform at various venues in the city. The festival attracts over 800 different artists which perform over 5000 shows.
Artists who perform regularly at the festival include Kasey Chambers, Troy Cassar-Daley, Lee Kernaghan, John Williamson and Colin Buchanan. Other's include Melinda Schneider and Beccy Cole. The late Slim Dusty was also a regular. The festival is noted for being the launching platform of Keith Urban and Kasey Chambers' careers. The Australian country icon Smoky Dawson was also a regular and has a grill called "Smoky's Grill" named in his honour.
Many hundreds of musicians played at the 2012 festival at clubs, pubs and in Peel St, busking. Some of the better known artists that performed at the 2012 festival or have performed in the past include:
See also
List of country music festivals
List of festivals in Australia
Gympie Muster
Mildura Country Music Festival
References
External links
Official website
Tamworth Country Music website
2014 Tamworth Country Music Festival Radio Special from Ben Sorensen's REAL Country
2015 Tamworth Country Music Festival Radio Special from Ben Sorensen's REAL Country
2015 Tamworth Country Music Festival Guide
2016 Tamworth Country Music Festival Radio Special - Part 1 from Ben Sorensen's REAL Country
2016 Tamworth Country Music Festival Radio Special - Part 2 from Ben Sorensen's REAL Country
List of Golden Guitar winners
The History of 2TM
Folk festivals in Australia
Music festivals established in 1972
Busking venues
Tamworth, New South Wales
Country music festivals in Australia
1972 establishments in Australia
Bluegrass festivals
Festivals in New South Wales
Cheff v. Schnackenberg, 384 U.S. 373 (1966), is a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that crimes carrying possible penalties up to six months imprisonment do not require a jury trial if they otherwise qualify as petty offenses.
References
External links
United States Sixth Amendment jury case law
United States Supreme Court cases
1966 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases of the Warren Court
Mount Tenniel () is a mountain, 1,625 m, standing 7 nautical miles (13 km) west-northwest of the mouth of Clifford Glacier on the east coast of Palmer Land. Discovered in 1936 by a British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE) sledge party under Rymill. During 1947 it was photographed from the air by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE) under Ronne, who in conjunction with the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) charted it from the ground. Named in 1952 by Sir Miles Clifford, Government of the Falkland Islands, for his great-uncle Sir John Tenniel, 1820–1914, noted English illustrating artist, humorist, and political cartoonist.
Mountains of Palmer Land
BitChute (a portmanteau of "bit", a unit of information in computing, and "parachute") is an alt-tech video hosting service launched by Ray Vahey in January 2017. It describes itself as offering freedom of expression, while the service is known for hosting far-right individuals, conspiracy theorists, and hate speech. Some creators who use BitChute have been banned from YouTube; some others crosspost content to both platforms or post more extreme content only to BitChute. Before its deprecation, BitChute claimed to use peer-to-peer WebTorrent technology for video distribution, though this was disputed.
History
Bit Chute Limited, BitChute's corporate identity, was registered by Ray Vahey in January 2017 in Newbury, England. At the time of the site's launch, Vahey described BitChute as an alternative to mainstream platforms; he believed these platforms had demonstrated "increased levels of censorship" over the previous few years by banning and demonetising users (barring them from receiving advertising revenue), and "tweaking algorithms to send certain content into obscurity". In 2018, the creators of BitChute described themselves as a "small team making a stand against Internet censorship because we believe it is the right thing to do."
In November 2018, BitChute was banned from PayPal. PayPal also banned Alex Jones, the Proud Boys, Tommy Robinson, and several anti-fascist groups and users at the same time. In 2019, crowdfunding website IndieGogo also banned BitChute. BitChute has also been banned from using Patreon and Stripe.
In January 2019, BitChute announced in a post on Gab that they would move their domains over to Epik, a small domain registrar known for accepting the registration of websites that host far-right content.
In March 2020, a new provision to Germany's Network Enforcement Act required social media companies to report instances of hate speech on their platforms to authorities. However, online news platform Coda reported that while the law applies to platforms including YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter, BitChute is one of the platforms not affected by the provision. In early August 2020, Twitter began blocking posts linking to the site, later showing a warning to users who clicked on the links.
As of January 2021, BitChute was in the process of being reported to Ofcom by the Community Security Trust after discovering Holocaust denial and Holocaust glorification content on the website, among other content considered harmful by the charity such as conspiracy theories related to COVID-19. The trust's blog stated this will be an important test case for Ofcom's new role regarding regulation of social media in the United Kingdom, especially concerning extremism and hateful content. Also in January, BitChute added "incitement to hatred" to its list of prohibited content, using the definition from the United Kingdom's Audiovisual Media Services Regulations 2020, though Bellingcat wrote the following month that "racist slurs, Nazi imagery and calls for violence against Jews remained common in video comment sections."
Content
Since launching, BitChute has accommodated far-right groups and individuals. The Southern Poverty Law Center wrote in 2019 that the site hosts "hate-fueled material", the Anti-Defamation League wrote in 2020 that "BitChute has become a hotbed for violent, conspiratorial and hate-filled video propaganda, and a recruiting ground for extremists", and Bellingcat wrote in 2021 that the platform was "rife with racism and hate speech". According to a 2020 report from anti-extremism group Hope not Hate, BitChute "actively promotes" content which was removed from other platforms as hate speech. Hope not Hate also documented videos hosted on BitChute supporting or produced by terrorist groups, including ISIS and the neo-Nazi groups National Action and Atomwaffen Division. A June 2020 report from British Jewish group Community Security Trust said that some terrorist videos had been on the site for over a year, and that BitChute only removes this content when forced to. An academic analysis published in July 2020 using a data set gathered in 2019 over five months found that BitChute had more hate speech than Gab, but less than 4chan. It found that only a small group of channels on the network had any meaningful engagement, almost all of which pushed conspiracy- and hate-laden content. Like the research from Hope not Hate, this analysis found content promoting the Atomwaffen Division posted to BitChute, including a recruitment video.
BitChute's founder Ray Vahey has described BitChute as "politically neutral". Hope Not Hate wrote in their 2020 report that "in actuality, the company chooses to almost exclusively promote content and producers that engage in hate speech and harmful misinformation" and that the "vile and dangerous content that abounds on BitChute is a result of deliberate decisions on the part of their founder and team". Bellingcat reported in 2021 that Vahey used the platform's Twitter account to promote antisemitic conspiracy theories, COVID-19 misinformation, and QAnon content.
BitChute is part of a group of "alt-tech" websites that position themselves as less strictly-moderated alternatives to mainstream social media platforms like YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter. Deen Freelon and colleagues writing in Science characterised BitChute as among the alt-tech sites that are "dedicated to right-wing communities", and listed the site along with 4chan, 8chan, Parler, and Gab. They noted there are also more ideologically neutral alt-tech platforms, such as Discord and Telegram. Joe Mulhall of the UK anti-racism group Hope Not Hate has categorised BitChute among the "bespoke platforms" for the far-right, which he defines as platforms which were created by people who themselves have "far-right leanings". He distinguishes these from "co-opted platforms" such as DLive and Telegram, which were adopted by the far-right due to minimal moderation but not specifically created for their use.
Some creators who have been banned from YouTube or had their channels demonetised subsequently migrated to BitChute. The far-right conspiracy theory channel InfoWars migrated to BitChute after being banned by YouTube in 2018. Other creators maintain a presence on YouTube and on BitChute, and some post more extreme content on BitChute while using YouTube for less extreme material. Prominent far-right and alt-right video creators who have cross-posted to both YouTube and BitChute include Lauren Southern, Stefan Molyneux, Millennial Woes, and Paul Joseph Watson.
The platform also hosts misinformation related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The conspiracy theory video Plandemic has been viewed on BitChute millions of times after having been removed from other platforms for spreading medically harmful misinformation.
Model
BitChute does not rely on advertising, and users can send payments to video creators directly. Since its launch, the site has promoted its use of the peer-to-peer technology WebTorrent as a means to decentralise hosting and reduce costs. BitChute allows creators to monetise the videos they publish on the platform by linking to fundraising websites including SubscribeStar, PayPal, and cryptocurrency processors. Although PayPal banned BitChute themselves from using their service, BitChute still links to PayPal pages for creators who choose to use them.
At launch, the site claimed it was using peer-to-peer WebTorrent technology. However, a November 2019 report by Fredrick Brennan, published in The Daily Dot, failed to find any evidence of peer-to-peer data transfer in BitChute's videos. All videos Brennan downloaded came directly from BitChute's servers, with no part of the videos received from peers. According to Brennan, magnet links on the site do not work. Brennan challenged BitChute's use of the word "delist" to describe deplatforming users, saying that the wording is misleading in that it makes BitChute seem falsely similar to BitTorrent (where a site maintains one "list" of content, but independent trackers may be created as well), when in reality BitChute is just deleting a user's videos from the BitChute site. According to Ars Technica in April 2021, the option to host videos using WebTorrent on BitChute "appears to have been deprecated".
See also
Alt-tech
Comparison of video hosting services
List of online video platforms
PeerTube
Notes
References
2017 establishments in England
Alt-right websites
Alt-tech
British entertainment websites
Computer-related introductions in 2017
Conspiracist media
Far-right politics
Internet properties established in 2017
Online companies of the United Kingdom
Video hosting
Websites with far-right material
Stuart Litel (born 1961) is the founder of the New England Informix User Group (NEIUG) and has been an active member of the International Informix Users Group (IIUG), which he joined in 1997. He is a former president of IIUG from 2004 through 2018.
Awards and Recognitions
Litel is an IBM Champion since 2008, the beginning of the program. He is also an IBM Gold Consultant since 2004. In 2006, he was the winner of the IBM Information Champion person of the year. He is also one of the founding selections by IBM as what is now the IBM Champions (https://community.ibm.com/community/user/champions/home) as well as one of the first IBM Lifetime Data Champions ever named.
Litel and Informix
Although external to the company, Stuart has actively participated in the development of Informix tools and databases.
Publications
Stuart is a regular contributor to DB2 Magazine, and IBM Database Magazine. as well as DBTA magazine (www.dbta.com)
References
1961 births
Living people
Informix
Syndicate is a locality in the Shire of Douglas, Queensland, Australia. In the , Syndicate had a population of 0 people.
Geography
The locality is entirely within the Daintree National Park.
References
Shire of Douglas
Localities in Queensland
Cesare Aretusi (1 September 1549 – 4 October 1612) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period.
He was born in Modena and trained with Bartolomeo Ramenghi (Bagnacavallo). Known primarily as a portrait painter, Aretusi also painted the cupola of the cathedral of St. Peter in Bologna, where he was assisted by Giovanni Battista Fiorini. Aretusi is described by Lanzi as the better colorist, while Fiorini, the better designer. Aretusi restored the frescoes of Correggio for the tribune of the Cathedral of Parma, and made a copy of the famous La Notte painting by Correggio for the church of San Giovanni Evangelista in Parma. He died in 1612 in Parma.
The relationship of Cesare to the Modenese painters with the same surname, Pellegrino from the early 16th century or Alessandro Aretusi from the 17th, is unclear. Lanzi speculates he may have been the son of Pellegrino Aretusi.
References
1580s births
1612 deaths
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Painters from Modena
Italian Mannerist painters
Fresco painters
Oren Brown (April 13, 1909 – March 6, 2004) was a well-known and highly successful American vocal pedagogue and voice teacher.
Born in Somerville, Massachusetts, Brown attended Boston University, where he earned a Bachelor of Music with an emphasis in vocal performance and a master's degree in music composition. In 1932 he began his long career as a voice teacher which would last up until his death 72 years later. He notably served as a faculty member of the Mannes College of Music during the late 1940s and was on the voice faculty at the Juilliard School from 1972 through 1991. His students include John Aler, Cecilia, Eva Johansson, James King, and Bo Skovhus, among others.
In 1952 Brown joined the staff of the Washington University School of Medicine, serving as a lecturer in voice therapy and otolaryngology up through 1968. While there he collaborated with medical personnel to develop an interdisciplinary approach to voice training, making him one of the first vocal pedagogues, along with William Vennard and Ralph Appelman, to introduce contemporary scientific research in the areas of human anatomy and physiology into the study of singing. In addition to contributing articles to a number of music journals, he also is the author of Discover Your Voice: How to Develop Healthy Voice Habits (1996), which is a well-known and highly respected vocal training text.
Brown died in Northampton, Massachusetts at the age of 94.
Sources
1909 births
2004 deaths
Voice teachers
Juilliard School faculty
The New School faculty
Boston University College of Fine Arts alumni
Beuca is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Beuca and Plopi. These were part of Drăcșenei Commune until 2004, when they were split off.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
is a 2007 Japanese – Mongolian historical drama film depicting the life of Genghis Khan.
Plot
Temujin (Takashi Sorimachi) is born to the chief of a Mongolian tribe, and grows up as the one who carries the blood of “blue wolf”. He grows up and marries Börte (Rei Kikukawa). But one night, she is taken away by another tribe. Temujin rescues her, only to find her pregnant. She later gives birth to a boy . As the boy may be a son of a stranger, Temujin names him Kuchi (Kenichi Matsuyama), meaning outsider, and refuses to accept him as his son. The time goes on and Temujin is enthroned as the King of Mongolia. He changes his name to Genghis Khan and pledges to avenge his long-time enemy, the Jin Dynasty. Genghis Khan finally acknowledges Kuchi as his own son, and they decide to fight together, but Kuchi is killed by the enemy. The lonely battle of Genghis continues without end. A historical drama about the life of Genghis Khan, a hero who united the Mongol Empire and conquered half the known world.
Cast
Takashi Sorimachi as Temujin
Kenichi Matsuyama as Kuchi
Yoshihiko Hakamada as Hasar
Go Ara as Khulan
Yūsuke Hirayama as Jamukha
Naoki Hosaka as Yesügei Bagatur
Hiroki Matsukata as Toghrul Khan
Eugene Nomura as Bo'orču
Eri Shimomiya as Temulen
Shōhei Yamazaki as Behter
Kairi Narita as Belgutei
Takuya Noro as Chilaun
Sōsuke Ikematsu as young Temüjin
Ami Takeishi as young Börte
Takeshi Ōbayashi as Caravan Chief
Production
Takehiro Nakajima and Shōichi Maruyama adapted the screenplay from the historical-fiction novels Chi Hate Umi Tsukiru Made: Shōsetsu Chingisu Hān (Ue) and Chi Hate Umi Tsukiru Made: Shōsetsu Chingisu Hān (Shita) by Seiichi Morimura.
The film cost US$30 million to make, and was filmed over four months in 2006 in Mongolia, featuring more than 27,000 extras, as well as 5,000 Mongolian Army soldiers.
Release
Genghis Khan: To the Ends of Earth and Sea was released in Japan on March 3, 2007, and in Hong Kong on April 26, 2007. The film was screened at the Cannes Film Market, the Moscow International Film Festival and the 2007 Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival. It was the opening film of the 5th World Film Festival of Bangkok and the San Francisco Asian Film Festival.
Genghis Khan was released by The Bigger Picture in only 40 U.S. theaters on February 21, 2008. As of February 25, it has made only US$3,892 there. It grossed nearly US$11 million in Japan and Mongolia.
Genghis Khan was released on DVD in the US in 2008.
See also
List of Asian historical drama films
References
External links
Funimation official site
Official site
Nakaba Higurashi's Manga
2007 films
Japanese war drama films
Films based on Japanese novels
Films directed by Shinichirō Sawai
Films scored by Taro Iwashiro
Depictions of Genghis Khan on film
2000s Japanese-language films
Mongolian drama films
Funimation
Shochiku films
2007 biographical drama films
Films set in the 12th century
Films set in the 13th century
Films set in the Mongol Empire
Films set in Mongolia
Japan–Mongolia relations
2007 drama films
2000s war drama films
2000s Japanese films
is a railway station in the city of Toyokawa, Aichi, Japan, operated by Meitetsu.
Lines
Meiden Nagasawa Station is served by the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line and is 15.0 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Toyohashi Station.
Station layout
The station has two elevated opposed side platforms with the station building underneath. The station has automated ticket machines, Manaca automated turnstiles and is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
Station history
Meiden Nagasawa Station was opened on April 1, 1926 as on the Aichi Electric Railway. On April 1, 1935, the Aichi Electric Railway merged with the Nagoya Railroad (the forerunner of present-day Meitetsu). The station was renamed to its present name on December 1, 1938.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017, the station was used by an average of 344 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Japan National Route 1
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
Official web page
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1926
Railway stations in Aichi Prefecture
Stations of Nagoya Railroad
Toyokawa, Aichi
Wes Bound is an album by American jazz guitarist Lee Ritenour that was released in 1993 by GRP Records. The album comprises a mix of cover versions of original songs by famed jazz electric guitarist Wes Montgomery and Lee Ritenour originals in similar style, with a stellar cast of supporting musicians and studio technicians. Some years after its original release, it was reissued (in limited numbers) with the benefits of 20 Bit digital remastering, which many consider transformed it from merely good to a truly great album. 'Wes Bound' received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Jazz Instrumental Performance, Individual or Group and reached No. 1 on the Billboard magazine Contemporary Jazz chart.
Track listing
Personnel
Lee Ritenour – guitars
John Beasley – keyboards
Bob James – keyboards
Alan Broadbent – piano
Melvin Lee Davis – bass
Harvey Mason – drums
Gary Novak – drums
Maxi Priest – guest artist, vocals
Cassio Duarte – percussion
Charts
References
External links
Wes Bound at AllMusic
Lee Ritenour's Official Site
1993 albums
GRP Records albums
Lee Ritenour albums
Jyotirindranath Nandi (he used to sign as Jyotirindra Nandi) (1912–1982) was a Bengali writer. He created a niche for himself in Bengali literature.
Jyotirindranath was better known for his short stories. Shalik ki Charai is a notable collection of his short stories. His first novel was Suryamukhi. His most famous novel was Baro Ghar Ek Uthan. Amongst his other books were Mirar Dupur, Premer Cheye Baro and Ei Tar Puraskar.
Early life
Jyotirindranath Nandi was born at Comilla, now in Bangladesh, in 1912. His father, Apurba Chandra Nandi, was a lawyer at Brahmanbaria nearby. However, Jyotirindranath had decided early in life to be a writer. He started with poetry when at school and switched over to prose. He made his way to hand-written wall magazines and then his name first appeared in print when he was in college. While still a student he joined the Swadeshi movement and was jailed for four months. In 1936, he moved to Kolkata and settled down to a life concentrating on writing. In his writing he focused on lower-middle class life. He lived in the slums, in order to get acquainted with life there. His sharp insight into life of downtrodden people has enriched Bengali literature. He moved over from one rented house to another seven times, and changed over jobs many times.
At Kolkata
At Kolkata, Jyotirindranath led a disciplined and dedicated life devoted wholly to writing. Many of his short stories were published in a magazine edited by Premendra Mitra, and in other magazines as well, such as Purbasha and Agragati. It was during this period that one of his stories was published in Desh, the leading Bengali literary magazine. Publication of his short stories continued in many other magazines – Matribhoomi, Bharatvarsha, Chaturanga, Parichay. In the midst of his deep involvement with short stories he received an encouraging push from Sagarmoy Ghosh, editor of Desh, "... now get on to novels." He wrote Suryamukhi and it was serialized in Desh. It was followed by Mirar Dupur and Baro Ghar Ek Uthan. The latter earned him fame and respectability, and established him as a writer, but also brought in criticism, "...he only shows darkness." It may be recalled that Jyotirindranath had located a house in a slum where eleven families, most of them from East Bengal, shared a single large courtyard. One house was vacant. He went and lived there as a tenant. His daughter was only four years old then. He carefully studied his neighbours, including a nurse and a small shop worker, and wrote about them in the light of a hurricane lantern. Thus came to light his novel Baro Ghar Ek Uthan (twelve families and one courtyard). Answering his critics, he said, "I have not written the book with the objective of projecting the sunny side or enlightenment in life. Amongst those who lived in that house, there was none who could inspire a ray of hope in life. I have only shown to what depths of darkness those threatened and devastated people of a degraded society could go down to, only to survive somehow."
Works
Novels
Suryamukhi (1952), Mirar Dupur (1953), Baro Ghar Ek Uthan, Grishya Basar, Nischintapurer Manush, Hridayer Rang, Premer Cheye Baro, Sarpil, Tin Pari Chhoye Premik, Nil Ratri, Bananir Prem
Short stories
Khelna (1946), Shalik ki Charui (1954), Chandramallika, Char Yar (1954), Girgiti, Bananir Prem, Mahiyasi, Khalpol o Tiner Gharer Chitrakar, Bandhu Patni (1955), Nadi o Nari, Pasher Flater Meyeta, Diner Galpa Ratrir Gan, Jayjayanti, Samudra, Tarinir Bari Badal, Chhidra, Khuda, Buno-ol, Aaj Kothay Jaben, Aam Kanthaler Chhuti, Bhat, Taxiwala, Gaachh, Chor, Parbatipurer Bikel, Chhutki Butki, Boner Raja
Note:The lists are incomplete
Metro station
Jyotirindra Nath Nandi metro station, named in honour of the writer, is under construction on the Kavi Subhas-Biman Bandar Kolkata Metro Line 6.
References
Nandi, Jyotirindranath
Nandi, Jyotirindranath
1912 births
1982 deaths
Indian male novelists
Astronium lecointei (Goncalo alves, Portuguese common name muiracatiara) is a timber tree, which is native to Brazil.
External links
Astronium lecointei photos of wood
lecointei
Trees of the Amazon
Trees of Brazil
Sebastián Ariel Romero (born 27 April 1978, in La Plata), nicknamed Chirola, is an Argentine former professional footballer.
Career
While playing for Gimnasia y Esgrima (LP), Romero came to prominence as a key member of Argentina Under-20's victorious 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship team in Malaysia. He has played for clubs in Argentina, Spain, France, and Greece. After 3 seasons at Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata, he moved to Europe to play for Real Betis, Toulouse FC, and Córdoba CF.
In 2002, Romero transferred back to Argentina for 1.5 million dollars to play for Racing Club, and played 4 seasons for Racing before leaving Argentina again, this time to play for Panathinaikos. In Panathinaikos, he played for two seasons. Then, in 2008, he came back to Gimnasia to help in its fight against relegation. He had a very good season in 2008-2009, but his 2009-2010 season was mediocre, falling out of favor with Diego Cocca, the then coach of Gimnasia. In both seasons, Gimnasia was able to stay in Argentina's top league.
Romero joined Banfield for the 2010-11 Argentine Primera División season. Then, in July 2011, he joined Quilmes, then in Argentina's second division. Quilmes won promotion to the top league at the end of the 2011-2012 season.
At the end of 2019, Chirola left Quilmes, having scored 13 goals in 153 matches since joining the club in 2011.
He has one cap with the national team of Argentina.
References
External links
Guardian statistics
Argentine Primera statistics
1978 births
Living people
People from Berisso
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Argentina under-20 international footballers
Argentina youth international footballers
Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata footballers
Real Betis players
Córdoba CF players
Toulouse FC players
Racing Club de Avellaneda footballers
Panathinaikos F.C. players
Club Atlético Banfield footballers
Argentina international footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in France
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Argentine Primera División players
Ligue 1 players
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Super League Greece players
Quilmes Atlético Club footballers
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
Flavie Van den Hende (February 25, 1865 – July 9, 1925) was a Belgian cellist.
Early life
Van den Hende was born in Renaix, Belgium, and studied music in Brussels at the Royal Conservatory, under Joseph Servais.
Career
Van den Hende played professionally in several European cities before she moved to the United States in 1890, and to New York in 1892. By 1896, an American magazine declared that "Madam Flavie Van den Hende has had a singularly successful season. Her charming personality has made her a welcome guest at most of the fashionable musicales of the season."
Van den Hende was a guest soloist with the New York Symphony Orchestra, the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, and the Metropolitan Opera. She was a member of the New York Ladies' Trio with violinist Dora Valesca Becker and various pianists between 1895 and 1900, and with Rossi Gisch and Hllda Newman after 1900. In 1901 she joined a quartet.
Van den Hende toured in the central and southern United States in 1900. She toured in the South again in 1908. In 1922, she was a member of the Verdi Club Trio with Rosalie Heller Klein and Mozelle Bennett.
Personal life
Van den Hende died in 1925, aged 60 years, at her home in Yonkers.
References
1865 births
1925 deaths
Belgian classical cellists
Women classical cellists
Country E.P. is a collaborative effort by Vermont-based folk artist Anaïs Mitchell and Chicago based Rachel Ries. It is both artists' first extended play. The five track E.P. was released on September 2, 2008 on CD with three of these tracks released on 7” vinyl. The 7” vinyl was only available from Righteous Babe Records' online store.
Track listing
"O My Star!" – 3:03
"Mgd" – 3:19
"Come September" – 3:07
"Grace the Day" – 4:37
"When You Fall" – 4:19
Personnel
Anaïs Mitchell & Rachel Ries - guitar and vocals
Billy Beard - drums
Kimon Kirk - bass
Dan Abu-Absi - mandolin
Drew Lindsay - accordion
Jesse Graber - violin
John Hasbrouck - dobro on "Grace the Day"
Mike Grigoni - dobro and pedal steel on "O My Star!" and "Come September"
2008 EPs
Anaïs Mitchell albums
Righteous Babe EPs
James Alexander Ruth (born 21 January 1985) is an English professional golfer.
Ruth was born in Plymouth, England.
Ruth was the Order of Merit (money) leader on the third-tier EPD Tour in 2008. In 2008, he had three wins on the EPD tour earning €23,440.93. He spent the 2010 season on the European Tour.
Professional wins (7)
EPD Tour wins (5)
Jamega Pro Golf Tour wins (2)
Team appearances
Professional
PGA Cup (representing Great Britain and Ireland): 2022
See also
2009 European Tour Qualifying School graduates
References
External links
English male golfers
European Tour golfers
Sportspeople from Plymouth, Devon
1985 births
Living people
The McNeese State Cowgirls softball team represents McNeese State University, located in Lake Charles, Louisiana. The Cowgirls are a member of the Southland Conference and participate in NCAA Division I college softball. The team is currently led by head coach James Landreneau and plays home games at Joe Miller Field at Cowgirl Diamond.
History
The first season for McNeese State Cowgirl softball was 1979. The Cowgirls competed as an independent for the first four seasons. The team won the Louisiana championship two of those seasons (1979, 1981). After softball became an NCAA and Southland Conference sponsored sport, the Cowgirls have competed in the conference and at the Division I (NCAA) level. The Cowgirls have won six Southland Conference regular season championships (1983, 1994 (T), 2013, 2014, 2016, 2017) and seven Southland Conference tournament championships (1983, 2005, 2014, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2021) earning the conference's autobid to the NCAA Division I softball tournament in 2005 2014, 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2021. The team also competed in the 1994 NCAA tournament as an at-large selection. As of the conclusion of the 2018 season, the Cowgirls have compiled a 1041–1048–4 overall record with an overall conference record of 406–346–3. Erika Piancastelli is McNeese State's first and only All-American. She was named an NFCA All-American in 2016.
Career coaching records
(Records reflect game results through 2021 season.)
Year-by-year results
Source:
Post-season appearances
Conference Tournaments
Sources:
NCAA Division I Tournament results
The Cowgirls have appeared in six NCAA Division I Tournaments. Their record is 5–14.Source:
NISC Tournament results
The Cowgirls have appeared in one NISC Tournament. Their record is 3–2.
Awards and honors
Sources:
Southland Conference
Coach of the Year
Scott Eastman 1994
Natalie Poole 2009
Mike Smith 2013, 14
James Landreneau 2017
All Conference First Team
Tammy Guidry 1983
Joni Talbot 1987
Angela Harrison 1994
Keri Riggs 1994, 95
Shyla Sicks 1994
Kerri Chiasson 1995
Natalie Poole 1995, 96, 97
Kathy Sturgeon 1995
Sarah Everingham 1997, 98
Heather Moreaux 2000
Tania Zanet 2000
Beth Jordan 2002, 05
Stephanie Denham 2003
Brooke Broadhead 2007
Jenny Clay 2008
Claire Terracina 2011, 12
Ashley Modzelewski 2012, 13, 14
Meagan Bond 2013
Alanna DiVittorio 2013, 14
Jamie Allred 2014
Erika Piancastelli 2015, 16, 17, 18
Bryanna Castro 2015
Lauren Langner 2015
Hailey Drew 2016
Morgan Catron 2016, 18
Emily Vincent 2016
Alexandria Saldivar 2017, 18
Justyce McClain 2017, 18, 19
Rachel Smith 2017
Hitter of the Year
Kerry Riggs 1994
Heather Moreaux 2000
Alanna DiVittorio 2014
Erika Piancastelli 2015, 16, 17, 18
Newcomer of the Year
Rikki Fontenot 2002
Christina Allen 2006
Erika Piancastelli 2015
Pitcher of the Year
Angella Harrison 1994
Jamie Allred 2014
Rachel Smith 2017
Utility Player of the Year
Jenny Clay 2007, 08
Player of the Year
Heather Moreaux 2000
Alanna DiVittorio 2014
Erika Piancastelli 2015, 16, 17, 18
See also
List of NCAA Division I softball programs
References
External links
Official website
1979 establishments in Louisiana
Sport clubs established in 1979
McNeese State Cowgirls
The Battle of Khelna occurred between the Mughal Empire and Maratha Empire between 1701-1702. Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb ordered for the Fort of Khelna to be besieged. Mughal General Asad Khan launched an offensive and besieged the fortress. After about a three-month siege, Maratha commander, Parashurampant surrendered under the condition that he and his garrison would be allowed to march out unharmed.
References
Khelna 1702
Khelna
1702 in India
Khelna
Horace Henry Stevens (20 October 1912 – 14 January 1940) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He drowned in the Yarra River at the age of 27.
Notes
External links
1912 births
1940 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
Deaths by drowning in Australia
Accidental deaths in Victoria (Australia)
Anna Tuthill Harrison (née Symmes; July 25, 1775 – February 25, 1864) was the wife of President William Henry Harrison, mother of John Scott Harrison, and paternal grandmother of President Benjamin Harrison. She was first lady of the United States during her husband's one-month term in 1841, though never entered the White House. At age 65 at the start of her husband's presidential term, Harrison was the oldest woman ever to assume the role of first lady, a record held until Jill Biden became first lady at age 69 in 2021. She also has the distinction of holding the title for the shortest length of time, and the first first lady to be widowed while holding the title. Harrison was the last first lady to have been born in British America.
Early life and marriage
Anna Tuthill Symmes was born on July 25, 1775, in Morristown, New Jersey, to Judge John Cleves Symmes and Anna Tuthill. Her father was a Chief Justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court and later became a prominent landowner in southwestern Ohio. When her mother died in 1776 her father disguised himself as a British soldier to carry Anna on horseback through the British lines to her grandparents on Long Island, who cared for her during the war. Her father was also deputy to the Provincial Congress of New Jersey (1775-1776), the Chairman of the Sussex County Committee of Safety during the Revolution, and a New Jersey delegate to the Continental Congress (1785-1786).
She grew up on Long Island, receiving an unusually broad education for a woman of the times. She attended Clinton Academy in East Hampton on Long Island, and the private school of Isabella Graham in New York City.
In 1794, Anna went with her father and new stepmother, Susannah Livingston, daughter of the Governor of New Jersey William Livingston, into the Ohio wilderness, where they settled at North Bend, Ohio. While visiting relatives in Lexington, Kentucky, in the spring of 1795, she met Lieutenant William Henry Harrison, in town on military business. Harrison was stationed at nearby Fort Washington. Anna's father thoroughly disapproved of Harrison, largely because he wanted to spare his daughter the hardships of army camp life. Despite his decree that the two stop seeing each other, the courtship flourished behind his back.
While her father was away on business in Cincinnati, the couple eloped and married on November 22, 1795, at the home of Dr. Stephen Wood, treasurer of the Northwest Territory, at North Bend. The couple honeymooned at Fort Washington, as Harrison was still on duty. Two weeks later, at a farewell dinner for General "Mad" Anthony Wayne, Symmes confronted his new son-in-law for the first time since their wedding. Addressing Harrison sternly, Symmes demanded to know how he intended to support a family with Anna. Harrison responded, "by my sword, and my own right arm, sir." Not until his son-in-law had achieved fame on the battlefield did Symmes come to accept him.
The couple had 10 children and many grandchildren together. Most of their children died young; one in infancy, and seven in their 20s or 30s. Only two lived beyond age 35, and only one beyond 50. Nine of their 10 children preceded her in death, and six of the 10 preceded him:
Husband's rise to fame
Harrison won fame as an Indian fighter and hero of the War of 1812, but he spent much of his life in a civilian career. His service in Congress as territorial delegate from Ohio gave Anna and their children a chance to visit his family at Berkeley, their plantation on the James River. Her third child was born on that trip, at Richmond in September 1800. Harrison's appointment as governor of Indiana Territory took them even farther into the wilderness; he built a handsome house at Vincennes, Indiana, that blended fortress and plantation mansion.
Facing war in 1812, the family moved to the farm at North Bend. There, upon hearing news of her husband's landslide electoral victory in 1840, home-loving Anna said simply: "I wish that my husband's friends had left him where he is, happy and contented in retirement."
First Lady of the United States
When William was inaugurated in 1841, Anna was detained by illness at their home in North Bend. She decided not to accompany him to Washington. President-elect Harrison asked his daughter-in-law Jane Irwin Harrison, widow of his namesake son, to accompany him and act as hostess until Anna's proposed arrival in May. Half a dozen other relatives happily went with them. On April 4, exactly one month after his inauguration, President Harrison died of pneumonia. He was 68 years old. Anna was packing for the move to the White House when she learned of William's death in Washington, so she never made the journey.
Later life and death
Following William's death, she lived with her son John Scott in North Bend and helped raise his children, including eight-year-old Benjamin who later became President of the United States. In June 1841, President John Tyler signed into law the first pension for a president's widow, a grant of $25,000 for Mrs. Harrison.
Anna Harrison died on February 25, 1864, at age 88, and was buried at the William Henry Harrison Tomb State Memorial in North Bend. Her funeral sermon was preached by Horace Bushnell.
References
Original text based on White House biography
External links
Anna Harrison at C-SPAN's First Ladies: Influence & Image
1775 births
1864 deaths
18th-century American people
18th-century Presbyterians
18th-century American women
19th-century American women
19th-century Presbyterians
First Ladies of the United States
Anna
People from Morristown, New Jersey
People from Sussex County, New Jersey
Spouses of Ohio politicians
People from Hamilton County, Ohio
Wut Tola (born 6 October 2002) is a Cambodian footballer who plays as a forward for Cambodian League club Prey Veng and the Cambodia national team.
Career statistics
International
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Cambodian footballers
Cambodia international footballers
Association football forwards
Prey Veng FC players
The Philippine slow loris (Nycticebus menagensis) is a strepsirrhine primate and a species of slow loris that is native to the north and east coastal areas of the island of Borneo, as well as the Sulu Archipelago in the Philippines. The species was first named as the Bornean slow loris in 1892, but lumped into the widespread Sunda slow loris (N. coucang) in 1952. However, it was promoted to full species status – again as the Bornean slow loris – based on molecular analysis in 2006. In 2013, two former subspecies of the Bornean slow loris were elevated to species status, and a new species—N. kayan—was recognized among the Bornean population.
Weighing , it is one of the smallest of the slow lorises, and can be distinguished from other slow lorises by its pale golden to red fur, the lack of markings on its head, and consistent absence of a second upper incisor. Like other slow lorises, it has a vestigial tail, round head, short ears, a curved grooming claw for grooming, and a gland that produces an oily toxin that the animal uses for defense. The Philippine slow loris is arboreal, nocturnal, and occurs in low densities, making it difficult to locate. It is also the least studied of Indonesia's slow lorises. It is found at elevations between in primary and secondary lowland forest, gardens, and plantations. Information about its diet is limited, but it is suspected to be one of the more insectivorous slow loris species, and is also known to eat gum from woody plants.
The Bornean slow loris species complex – including the Philippine slow loris – was classified as "Vulnerable" by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in 2008, is included in CITES Appendix I, which prevents international commercial trade, and is protected by Indonesian law. Prior to being divided into four distinct species in 2013, it was found in numerous protected areas within its range, making it the least threatened of the slow lorises. However, since the taxonomic split, it may face a higher risk of extinction. It is sparsely distributed throughout its range and is threatened by illegal wildlife trade, including the exotic pet trade, and habitat loss.
Taxonomy and phylogeny
The Bornean slow loris was first described based on specimens collected by Frank S. Bourns and Dean C. Worcester during the Menage Scientific Expedition to the Philippines and Borneo in the early 1890s. The original collection was made between 5 October and 5 November 1891 near Tataan, Tawi-Tawi Island, in the Philippines, however this type specimen is missing as of 2013. The specimens were given to Henry F. Nachtrieb, President of the Minnesota Academy of Sciences and Chairman of the Zoology Department at the University of Minnesota. Nachtrieb was the first to use the name menagensis in 1892, based on a description of the species sent to him by Worcester in 1891. Worcester's progress report included a description of the specimen and an explanation on how they had obtained it:
Nachtrieb did not assign the name to a specific genus, noting that it was "an undescribed member of the Lemuridae". The following year, the English naturalist Richard Lydekker published the combination Lemur menagensis in The Zoological Record. This makes Lydekker the authority of the species name menagensis, because he was the first to use the specific name in combination with the name of a genus, although some subsequent authors credited other workers.
In his influential 1953 book Primates: Comparative Anatomy and Taxonomy, the primatologist William Charles Osman Hill placed all the slow lorises in one species, N. coucang. In 1971, however, Colin Groves recognized the pygmy slow loris (N. pygmaeus) as a separate species, and divided N. coucang into four subspecies, including Nycticebus coucang menagensis. Nycticebus menagensis was elevated to the species level in 2006 when molecular analysis of DNA sequences of the D-loop and the cytochrome b gene demonstrated it to be genetically distinct from N. coucang. The genetic evidence was corroborated by both a previous study (1998) on morphology (based on craniodental measurements) that indicated distinct differences between the subspecies that were consistent with separation at the species level, and a later study (2010) of facial markings.
Early in its own taxonomic history, distinguishing coloration patterns and size differences resulted in the division of Nycticebus menagensis into four subspecies: N. m. bancanus, N. m. borneanus, N. m. menagensis, and N. m. philippinus. These later became taxonomic synonyms, although in 2013 N. bancanus and N. borneanus were elevated to species status based on unique facial markings. Furthermore, a new species—N. kayan—was also identified within the Bornean population. The southern Philippine slow lorises (N. m. philippinus or N. philippinus) identified by Spanish zoologist Ángel Cabrera in 1908 remains a synonym of N. menagensis, since the 2013 study was unable to find its type specimen and found no distinguishable characteristics between the two populations. The syntype for N. menagensis was collected by Lydekker in 1893 from the Philippine island of Tawi-Tawi, giving menagensis precedence over philippinus as the name of the species, under the Principle of Priority.
Physical description
Like all slow lorises, the tail of the Philippine slow loris is vestigial and it has a round head and short ears. It has a rhinarium (the moist, naked surface around the nostrils of the nose) and a broad, flat face with large eyes. On its front feet, the second digit is smaller than the rest; the big toe on its hind foot opposes the other toes, which enhances its gripping power. Its second toe on the hind foot has a curved grooming claw that the animal uses for scratching and grooming, while the other nails are straight. It also possesses a specialized arrangement of lower front teeth, called a toothcomb, which is also used for grooming, as with other lemuriform primates. It also has a small swelling on the ventral side of its elbow called the brachial gland, which secretes a pungent, clear oily toxin that the animal uses defensively by wiping it on its toothcomb.
The body weight of this species is typically in the range of , although weights of up to have been recorded. The body length averages , and its skull length ranges between , roughly intermediate in size between the smaller pygmy slow loris and the larger Sunda slow loris. The slow lorises of Borneo are among the smallest of its genus, but this species can be distinguished from the others by its pale golden to red fur, low-contrast markings on its face and head, and the consistent lack of a second upper incisor. The rings around the eyes are either rounded or diffused-edged on top, while the bottom occasionally extends down below the zygomatic arch. The stripe between its eyes is narrow, the ears usually lack fur, the patch on the top of the head is mostly diffused, and the band of fur in front of the ears varies in width. In comparison to the other three species of slow lorises on Borneo, both N. menagensis and N. kayan have a pale body coloration, but this species has pale, very lightly-contrasting facial markings, with markedly less contrast than the dark, high-contrast face mask of N. kayan. Additionally, this species has short, unfluffed body hair, in contrast to the longer, fluffier body hair of N. kayan.
Distribution
N. menagensis is found primarily in coastal and lowland areas in northern and eastern Borneo, in the provinces of Brunei, Sabah, and East Kalimantan. It is also found on the southern Philippine Islands, known as the Sulu Archipelago, and may be found on other nearby islands, such as the Banggi Island off Sabah. In the Sulu Archipelago, it occurs in the Tawi-Tawi Group, in the west of the archipelago, including the islands of Tawi-Tawi, Bongao, Sanga-Sanga, Simunul, and possibly other small islands. It does not occur on the island of Jolo or further to the east, as was claimed by one erroneous report from Mindanao. The species may be extinct on some Philippine islands, but is likely to persist on the smaller islands. Because the species is so popular as a pet, zoologists Guy Musser and Lawrence Heaney suggested in 1985 that the Philippine populations may have been introduced there by humans.
Of the four slow lorises living on Borneo, N. menagensis is believed to be partly sympatric with N. kayan only, with ranges that overlap in East Kalimantan and Sabah. Fossils of this species have been found in the Late Pleistocene site of Niah in Sarawak.
Habitat and ecology
The slow lorises of Borneo are the least studied of Indonesia's slow lorises. In a field study at the Sabangau National Park in Central Kalimantan, only 12 slow loris sightings were made over a 75-day period. All were seen in the trees at heights of . They were encountered singly, as mother and offspring, or in adult trios. Of the two trios, both were on fruiting trees, Calophyllum hosei and Syzygium cf. nigricans. In another survey conducted at Wehea Forest, East Kalimantan, only one Philippine slow loris—seen at a height of —was encountered in an area of more than . Other surveys confirm that the animal is difficult to locate, and occurs in low densities.
The species occurs in primary and secondary lowland forest, gardens, and plantations, at elevations between . Interviews conducted with Philippines locals indicate that it is commonly seen in citrus trees (calamansi), and may be tolerant of a variety of habitats. It is nocturnal, and almost entirely arboreal. Although data on diet is limited, based on cranial size and morphology, the Philippine slow loris is suspected to be one of the more insectivorous slow loris species. It has also been observed feeding on the gum from an unidentified liana (a long-stemmed woody vine).
Conservation
In a 2005 report on the effect of logging on wildlife conservation in Indonesia, the authors claimed N. menagensis to be "common" throughout Borneo. However, as pointed out by Nekaris and colleagues, this assessment was based on field research data and historic museum specimens, and cannot be considered reliable, as "loris ‘presence' is usually not determined first-hand, and it also cannot be presumed that lorises still occur in areas from where they were once collected." The species appears to be uncommon throughout its range, including a very limited distribution in the Philippines. Surveys have demonstrated that, compared to other slow loris species, the Philippine slow loris is rare, and sparsely distributed throughout its range.
N. menagensis is listed in CITES Appendix I, which prevents international commercial trade; it is also protected by Indonesian law. The species is often confused with other slow lorises in animal rescue centers, as it is not well-covered in field guides. The species occurs in a number of protected areas throughout its range, including some fragmented forests. Threats to the species include the illegal local exotic pet trade and habitat loss due to burning and conversion to palm oil plantations. Additionally, uncontrolled release of pets in some areas is also a threat to the species.
Prior to being split into four species in 2013, the Bornean slow loris species complex was among the least threatened of the slow lorises, and its situation was considered to be good due to its presence in a high percentage of "low risk" areas on Borneo. It was classified as "Vulnerable" by the IUCN, who consider there to have been a greater than 30% reduction in population between roughly 1984 and 2008, based on harvesting for the pet trade and extensive habitat loss. Because that species complex has been divided into four distinct species since the 2008 IUCN assessment, each of the new species likely faces a higher risk of extinction. Accordingly, each of them are expected to be listed as "Vulnerable" at the least, with some of them likely to be assigned to a higher-risk category.
References
Literature cited
Philippine slow loris
Mammals of Borneo
Mammals of the Philippines
Mammals of Brunei
Sulu Archipelago
Philippine slow loris
South Clifton Park is a neighborhood in east Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
East Baltimore
The Hospital Universitario Ramón y Cajal is a public general hospital located in the Valverde neighborhood, in Madrid, Spain, part of the hospital network of the Servicio Madrileño de Salud.
It is one of the healthcare institutions associated to the University of Alcalá for the purpose of clinical internship.
History
Named after Santiago Ramón y Cajal, it was opened on 18 October 1977, receiving the nickname of (el) piramidón. It was criticised back then because of its location, cost and size.
It developed the first service in Spain for pediatric cardiology (1977) and the first unit of cardiac rehabilitation (1979). Aside from the teaching and medical attention features, it is noted by its research prowess (the first in the region in scientific research production), particularly in the scope of clinical microbiology and infectious diseases. As of 2017 it has 901 beds. At the peak of the COVID-19 pandemia in Madrid, in March and April 2020, the hospital had 994 beds occupied by patients of COVID-19.
References
Buildings and structures in Fuencarral-El Pardo District, Madrid
Ramon y Cajal
Blarney GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in the town of Blarney, County Cork, Ireland. The club fields Gaelic football, hurling and camogie teams in competitions organized by Cork GAA county board and the Muskerry divisional board. In 2008, the club won the Premier division of the Cork Intermediate Hurling Championship, and played in the Cork Senior Hurling Championship in 2009.
History
Blarney GAA was formed in 1884 and is one of the oldest GAA clubs in Ireland.
Achievements
Cork Senior Hurling Championship Runners-Up 1894
Cork Premier Intermediate Hurling Championship Winners (2) 2008, 2020
Munster Intermediate Club Hurling Championship Winners (1) 2008
All-Ireland Intermediate Club Hurling Championship Winners (1) 2009
Cork Intermediate Hurling Championship Winners (2) 1937, 1938 Runners-Up 1999
Cork Junior Hurling Championship Winners (2) 1936, 1993 Runners-Up 1898
Cork Minor Hurling Championship Runners-Up 1945, winners 2016
Cork Minor A Hurling Championship Winners (1) 1997, 2004
Cork Under-21 Hurling Championship Runners-Up 1986
Mid Cork Junior A Hurling Championship Winners (13) titles 1931, 1934, 1936, 1943, 1944, 1946, 1969, 1978, 1979, 1980, 1985, 1992, 1993 Runners-Up 1939, 1947, 1948, 1951, 1955, 1968, 1971, 1972, 1976, 1984, 1988, 1989, 1990, 2002, 2005
Mid Cork Junior A Football Championship Winners (4) titles 1951, 1954, 2009, 2010 Runners-Up 1986, 1990, 1994
Notable players
Shane Barrett
Mark Coleman: 2017 All-Star
John Griffin: Kerry hurler Christy Ring Cup winning captain
Joe Jordan: Cork Senior Hurler
References
External sources
Blarney GAA Website
Cork GAA Results
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in County Cork
Gaelic football clubs in County Cork
Hurling clubs in County Cork
1884 establishments in Ireland
Events in the year 2021 in Ghana.
Incumbents
President: Nana Akufo-Addo
Vice President: Mahamudu Bawumia
Events
Ongoing — COVID-19 pandemic in Ghana
7 January – 2020 Ghanaian general election: The Ghana Army steps in to put down a fight in Parliament. President Nana Akufo-Addo is sworn in for another term.
21 January – Police arrest 11 in a ″baby-harvesting″ scheme in Accra and Tema.
9 January – Parliament is forced to close for three weeks after 17 Members and 171 staff contract COVID-19.
24 February
600,000 doses of the Oxford–AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine arrive in Accra. This is the first vaccine shipment under the UN-sponsored COVAX plan. Ghana reports 81,215 cases of infection, 6,614 active cases, and 584 deaths.
The offices of ″LGBT+ Rights Ghana″ are closed by security forces.
26 February – 2021 Asafo-Akyem bus crash
20 May - 2021 Ghana gay arrests
11 June – During the 2021 United Nations Security Council Elections, Ghana was elected to serve a two-year term on the UN Security Council as a non-permanent member. Its term, starting in 2022, will mark the fourth time Ghana has sat on the Security Council.
Sports
2020–21 Ghana Premier League
24 August to 5 September – Ghana at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Deaths
2 January – Sakib Bamba, religious leader, chief Imam of Ejura.
18 January – Joshua Kyeremeh, politician; kidney complications.
23 January – Abukari Gariba, 81, Olympic footballer (1968, 1972).
1 February – Joshua Hamidu, 85, military officer and diplomat, Chief of the Defence Staff (1978–1979), High Commissioner to Zambia (1978) and Nigeria (2003–2005).
9 February – Emmanuel Kojo Dadson, 68, actor (Love Brewed in the African Pot, Run Baby Run, Elmina).
11 February – George Benneh, 86, academic administrator and politician, Minister of Finance (1981) and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Ghana (1992–1996).
20 February – Rosamond Asiamah Nkansah, 91, police officer, first woman recruited into the Ghanaian force.
25 February – Bob Pixel, photographer; COVID-19.
4 March – DJ Adviser, disc jockey (Happy FM).
7 April – Emmanuel Evans-Anfom, physician and university administrator.
See also
African Continental Free Trade Area
COVID-19 pandemic in Africa
References
External links
Ghana prepares to bury ex-leader Rawlings as parties vie over legacy (by Marine Jeannin, AFP, January 23, 2021)
2020s in Ghana
Years of the 21st century in Ghana
Ghana
Ghana
2021 in Ghanaian sport
Vas Lane is situated in the heart of the city of Mangalore, Karnataka, India. It is considered one of the most preferred residential locations of Mangalore.
Location
Vas Lane is situated adjacent to Balmatta-Bendoorwell Road, and it extends all the way up to Unity Hospital in Falnir. It is well connected by city buses i.e. all the buses plying towards Kankanady stop at Vaslane. The nearest market is the Kankanady Market.
Vas Lane also lends its name to the two most famous bakeries in Mangalore called Vas Bakery. One is located in Balmatta and the other one near Bendoorwell, opposite to St Agnes College. The bread made by Vas Bakery is of homemade style, and it is very popular among local residents. Vas Bakery is also popular for its sweet bun.
References
Localities in Mangalore
The 2013 Oceania Handball Champions Cup was held in Sydney, Australia in August, 2013. This was organised by the Oceania Handball Federation and featured teams from Australia and New Zealand.
The tournament was won by Australian team Sydney University. They won the right to represent Oceania in the 2013 IHF Super Globe.
Results
Leg One
Leg Two
External links
Sydney Uni webpage
NSWHF webpage
Auckland webpage
2013
2013 in handball
International handball competitions hosted by Australia
2013 in Australian sport
International sports competitions hosted at Sydney Olympic Park
August 2013 events in Oceania
Terri Juanita Vaughn (born October 16, 1969) is an American actress, director and producer. She is best known for her role as high school secretary Lovita Alizay Jenkins-Robinson in The WB sitcom The Steve Harvey Show (1997–2002), for which she received three NAACP Image Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series. She later co-starred in the UPN/The CW sitcom All of Us (2003–2005), and TBS sitcom Meet the Browns (2009–2011).
Career
In her early career, Vaughn appeared in the films Friday and Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood. She co-starred opposite Joan Severance in the comedy-action film Black Scorpion (1995) and its sequel, Black Scorpion II: Aftershock (1997). Later in 1997, Vaughn was cast as high school secretary Lovita Alizay Jenkins-Robinson for the second season of The WB sitcom The Steve Harvey Show. She received three NAACP Image Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series for her performance on show. The series ended in 2002, and Vaughn later that year joined the cast of Showtime drama series Soul Food as Eva Holly. She received another NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series nomination.
From 2003 to 2005, Vaughn was regular cast member on the UPN/The CW sitcom All of Us. In 2007, she had supporting role in the Tyler Perry's comedy-drama film Daddy's Little Girls opposite Gabrielle Union, and later had a regular role on another of Perry's productions, Meet the Browns (2009-2011). She owns a production company called Nina Holiday Entertainment, that produced films such as Sugar Mommas, A Cross to Bear and Girlfriends' Getaway. In 2016, Vaughn made her directing debut with the comedy film #DigitalLivesMatter.
In 2016, Vaughn was cast in the recurring role as housekeeper in Oprah Winfrey Network drama series, Greenleaf opposite Keith David and Lynn Whitfield. In 2020 Vaughn had a recurring role as Robin in Shona Ferguson's South African TV series, Kings Of Jo'Burg shown on Netflix
Personal life
Vaughn grew up in San Francisco, California. She was married to Derrick Carolina and had a son, Daylen Ali (2001). She is currently married to former football player Karon Riley, and the couple have both a son and a daughter.
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Actresses from San Francisco
American television actresses
African-American actresses
American film actresses
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American people
A mudflow or mud flow is a form of mass wasting involving fast-moving flow of debris that has become liquified by the addition of water. Such flows can move at speeds ranging from 3 meters/minute to 5 meters/second. Mudflows contain a significant proportion of clay, which makes them more fluid than debris flows, allowing them to travel farther and across lower slope angles. Both types of flow are generally mixtures of particles with a wide range of sizes, which typically become sorted by size upon deposition.
Mudflows are often called mudslides, a term applied indiscriminately by the mass media to a variety of mass wasting events. Mudflows often start as slides, becoming flows as water is entrained along the flow path; such events are often called flow slides.
Other types of mudflows include lahars (involving fine-grained pyroclastic deposits on the flanks of volcanoes) and jökulhlaups (outbursts from under glaciers or icecaps).
A statutory definition of "flood-related mudslide" appears in the United States' National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, as amended, codified at 42 USC Sections 4001 and following.
Triggering of mudflows
Heavy rainfall, snowmelt, or high levels of groundwater flowing through cracked bedrock may trigger a movement of soil or sediments in landslides that continue as mudflows. Floods and debris flows may also occur when strong rains on hill or mountain slopes cause extensive erosion and/or mobilize loose sediment that is located in steep mountain channels. The 2006 Sidoarjo mud flow may have been caused by rogue drilling.
The point where a muddy material begins to flow depends on its grain size, the water content, and the slope of the topography. Fine grained material like mud or sand can be mobilized by shallower flows than a coarse sediment or a debris flow. Higher water content (higher precipitation/overland flow) also increases the potential to initiate a mudflow.
After a mudflow forms, coarser sediment may be picked up by the flow. Coarser sediment picked up by the flow often forms the front of a mudflow surge and is pushed by finer sediment and water that pools up behind the coarse-grained moving mudflow-front. Mudflows may contain multiple surges of material as the flow scours channels and destabilizes adjacent hillslopes (potentially nucleating new mudflows). Mudflows have mobilized boulders 1–10 m across in mountain settings.
Some broad mudflows are rather viscous and therefore slow; others begin very quickly and continue like an avalanche. They are composed of at least 50% silt and clay-sized materials and up to 30% water. Because mudflows mobilize a significant amount of sediment, mudflows have higher flow heights than a clear water flood for the same water discharge. Also, sediment within the mudflow increases granular friction within the flow structure of the flow relative to clear water floods, which raises the flow depth for the same water discharge. Difficulty predicting the amount and type of sediment that will be included in a mudflow makes it much more challenging to forecast and engineer structures to protect against mudflow hazards compared to clear water flood hazards.
Mudflows are common even in the hills around Los Angeles, California, where they have destroyed many homes built on hillsides without sufficient support after fires destroy vegetation holding the land.
On 14 December 1999 in Vargas, Venezuela, a mudflow known as The Vargas tragedy significantly altered more than 60 kilometers (37 mi) of the coastline. It was triggered by heavy rainfall and caused estimated damages of US$1.79 to US$3.5 billion, killed between 10,000 and 30,000 people, forced 85,000 people to evacuate, and led to the complete collapse of the state's infrastructure.
Mudflows and landslides
Landslide is a more general term than mudflow. It refers to the gravity-driven failure and subsequent movement downslope of any types of surface movement of soil, rock, or other debris. The term incorporates earth slides, rock falls, flows, and mudslides, amongst other categories of hillslope mass movements. They do not have to be as fluid as a mudflow.
Mudflows can be caused by unusually heavy rains or a sudden thaw. They consist mainly of mud and water plus fragments of rock and other debris, so they often behave like floods. They can move houses off their foundations or bury a place within minutes because of incredibly strong currents.
Mudflow geography
When a mudflow occurs it is given four named areas, the 'main scarp', in bigger mudflows the 'upper and lower shelves' and the 'toe'. The main scarp will be the original area of incidence, the toe is the last affected area(s). The upper and lower shelves are located wherever there is a large dip (due to mountain or natural drop) in the mudflow's path. A mudflow can have many shelves.
Largest recorded mudflow
The world's largest historic subareal (on land) landslide occurred during the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens, a volcano in the Cascade Mountain Range in the State of Washington, USA The volume of material displaced was . Directly in the path of the huge mudflow was Spirit Lake. Normally a chilly , the lahar instantly raised the temperature to near . Today the bottom of Spirit Lake is above the original surface, and it has two and a half times more surface area than it did before the eruption.
The largest known of all prehistoric landslides was an enormous submarine landslide that disintegrated 60,000 years ago and produced the longest flow of sand and mud yet documented on Earth. The massive submarine flow travelled – the distance from London to Rome.
By volume, the largest submarine landslide (the Agulhas slide off South Africa) occurred approximately 2.6 million years ago. The volume of the slide was .
Areas at risk
The area most generally recognized as being at risk of a dangerous mudflow are:
Areas where wildfires or human modification of the land have destroyed vegetation
Areas where landslides have occurred before
Steep slopes and areas at the bottom of slopes or canyons
Slopes that have been altered for construction of buildings and roads
Channels along streams and rivers
Areas where surface runoff is directed
See also
Quick clay, also known as Leda clay
Osceola Mudflow, occurred on Mt. Rainier's White River drainage.
Citations
References
. On-line publication 30 November 2013.
. Draft of , with page numbers.
Further reading
.
External links
Facts about Mudflows/Landslides
Information Regarding Saidmarrah Landslide
Visual Graphics Regarding Saidmarrah Landslide
Weather hazards
Geology articles needing expert attention
Landslide types
Natural disasters
Karl Löwith (9 January 1897 – 26 May 1973) was a German philosopher in the phenomenological tradition. A student of Husserl and Heidegger, he was one of the most prolific German philosophers of the twentieth century.
He is known for his two books From Hegel to Nietzsche, which describes the decline of German classical philosophy, and Meaning in History, which challenges the modern, secular progressive narrative of history, which seeks to ground the meaning of history in itself.
He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Life
Löwith was born in Munich to a Christian family of Jewish descent. He was trained in phenomenology under Heidegger, and they developed a close friendship. However this relationship became estranged with Heidegger's affiliation with Nazism, therefore Löwith had to emigrate from Germany in 1934 because of the Nazi regime. He was an important witness in 1936 to Heidegger's continuing allegiance to Nazism. He went to Italy and in 1936 he went to Japan (as did figures like Brunner) where he lectured at Tohoku University, which had its own tradition of phenomenology. But because of the alliance between the Third Reich and Japan he had to leave Japan in 1941 and went to the United States. From 1941 to 1952, he taught at the Hartford Theological Seminary and The New School for Social Research. In 1952 he returned to Germany to teach as professor of Philosophy at Heidelberg, where he died.
Thought
His main influences include Heidegger, Hegel, Nietzsche, and Kierkegaard. His writing after WWII can be read in the same vein as other Christian philosophers and theologians of the 20th century. Often called responses to "crisis", Christian intellectuals of this era, such as Karl Barth (Protestant), Florovsky (Orthodox), and Erich Przywara (Roman Catholic), attempted to articulate an understanding of Christian faith in response to the challenges of scientism, secularism, and skepticism.
From Hegel to Nietzsche
Meaning in History
Löwith's argument in Meaning in History is that the western view of history is confused by the relationship between Christian faith and the modern view, which is neither Christian nor pagan. He writes," The modern mind has not made up its mind whether it should be Christian or pagan, it sees with one eye of faith and one of reason. Hence its vision is necessarily dim in comparison with either Greek or biblical thinking." The modern view is progressive, which is to say that it believes that the trajectory of history is moving towards a fulfillment in the bettering of the world by rational and technological means. Löwith believes that the modern view is a sort of Christian "heresy" insofar that this depends on the theology that history has a linear movement, in contrast to Greek pagan cyclical view of history. In this critique Löwith is prophetic in the sense that he anticipates the way post-secular theologians will pick up a similar critique of modernity in the 1990s (such is the case in the Radical Orthodox movement). The modern historical consciousness is, according to Löwith, derived from Christianity. But, this is mistaken because Christians are not a historical people, as their view of the world is based on faith. This explains the tendency in history (and philosophy) to see an eschatological view of human progress. Löwith traces the "regression" of history as opposed to a progression through famous western philosophers and historians. Whereas most genealogies begin from the most antique to the modern, Löwith begins with the most current. He moves from Burckhardt, to Marx, to Hegel, Voltaire, Vico, Bossuet, Augustine, Orosius, and others. He argues that the closer we get to the Biblical vision of history, " I cannot discover the slightest hint of a "philosophy of history". By this he means that a truly theological view of history is not movement to an immanent end, but a transcendent eschatological hope in the consummation of the world. It is not a "philosophy" or attempt to systematize the movement of history. This point is clear in the epilogue of Meaning in History where he says, "The attempt at elucidation of the dependence of the philosophy of history on the eschatological history of fulfillment and salvation does not solve the problem of historical thinking." Here he seems to argue that like the progressive view any theological view that tries to equate the happenings of history with God's action is inadequate, which reveals his true argument: We cannot understand the happening of history by reason.
Returning to the idea that Löwith, like Barth, and others was trying to rethink Christian faith in light of the crisis of world war, Lowith's real concern is the relationship between faith and reason or more specifically faith and history. He writes, "The Christian hope is not a worldly desire and expectation that something will probably happen but a cast of mind based on an unconditional faith in God's redemptive purpose. Genuine hope is, therefore, as free and absolute as the act of faith itself. Both hope and faith are Christian virtues of Grace. The reasons for such an unconditional hope and faith cannot rest on rational calculation of their reasonableness. Hence hope can never be refuted by so-called facts; it can neither be assured nor discredited by an established experience." His analysis of the relationship between faith and the observable events of history is one of absolute disconnect, which is an idea he seems to adopt from Kierkegaard's similar argument in Practice in Christianity. Lowith's answer to the change of modernity is to say that Christianity has nothing at all to do with history or reason, rather it is about being given faith, which becomes hope in the God-man. He writes, "The question is therefore not the justification of absolute hope and faith by their relative reasonableness, but whether such an unconditional hope and faith can be put into man instead of God and the God-man. Hope is justified only by faith which justifies itself."
So, whereas the "liberal" Christianity of his contemporaries tried to accommodate or assimilate faith with reason, Löwith maintains that faith justifies itself.
Bibliography
References
External links
1897 births
1973 deaths
20th-century essayists
20th-century German male writers
20th-century German non-fiction writers
20th-century German philosophers
Christian philosophers
Continental philosophers
Cultural critics
German expatriates in Italy
German expatriates in Japan
German expatriates in the United States
German male non-fiction writers
German male writers
German military personnel of World War I
German Protestants
Hegelian philosophers
Heidelberg University faculty
Historians of philosophy
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United States
Jewish philosophers
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich alumni
Nietzsche scholars
People from the Kingdom of Bavaria
Phenomenologists
Philosophers of culture
Philosophers of history
Philosophers of religion
Philosophy writers
Social critics
Social philosophers
University of Freiburg alumni
University of Marburg faculty
Writers from Munich
Feline leukemia virus subgroup C receptor-related protein 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the FLVCR1 gene (SLC49A1).
References
Further reading
Luther Sheeleigh Cressman (October 24, 1897 – April 4, 1994) was an American field archaeologist, most widely known for his discoveries at Paleo-Indian sites such as Fort Rock Cave and Paisley Caves, sites related to the early settlement of the Americas.
Early years
Cressman was born outside of Pottstown, Pennsylvania, the son of a physician. He was ordained an Episcopal priest in 1923. Majoring in Classics, he graduated with a B.A. degree from Pennsylvania State University in 1918. Feeling doubts about his vocation, he began studying sociology and anthropology at Columbia University in New York. He received his Ph.D. from Columbia in 1928, and that same year, he left the priesthood.
Career
In 1929, he took a position as Professor of Sociology at the University of Oregon. The Department of Anthropology was founded by him six years later. His first hire for the department was Homer Barnett. Cressman was the chair of the department from 1935 until his retirement in 1963.
He was the first professional archaeologist to excavate the Paisley Caves in 1938 and this research became his most significant discovery, when at the same year he discovered a pair of perfectly preserved shredded sagebrush bark sandals at Fort Rock in Oregon that were radiocarbon dated from 10,500 to 9,300 years old, making them the oldest footwear ever discovered.
As late as 1962 he taught an Introduction to Anthropology course with another professor. At the first lecture the younger professor said he struggled with how to address Dr. Cressman. They were peers by PhDs so it would have been all right to use his first name but since Cressman was greatly senior he said it didn't seem right to call him Lou, and left it there. Dr. Cressman pointed out he didn't tell us what he called him. Dr. Cressman said, "He calls me, 'Doc'."
His autobiography A Golden Journey: Memoirs of an Archaeologist was awarded the 1989 Oregon Book Award for literary nonfiction.
Personal life
Cressman married anthropologist Margaret Mead in 1923; the couple divorced in 1927. He married Dorothy Cecelia Loch in 1928. They had one daughter and were married for 49 years, until her death in 1977.
Cressman died on April 4, 1994, in Eugene, Oregon. A memorial service was held at Gerlinger Hall on the UO campus on April 21 of that year.
Selected publications
Klamath Prehistory (1956, OCLC 1574790)
The Sandal and the Cave (1962; 1981 reprint, )
Prehistory of the Far West: Homes of Vanished Peoples (1977, )
A Golden Journey: Memoirs of an Archaeologist (1988, )
Awards
Guggenheim Fellowship
John Alsop King Fellowship
Charles E. Johnson Memorial Award
References
Specific citations
General references
Luther Cressman at the Minnesota State University, Mankato
Bishop B. "Northwest Archaeologist Luther Cressman, 96, Dies". Eugene Register Grand 7 April 1994.
Dana T. " Oregon's Luther Cressman Harbors no Regrets from Archaeological Storm". Oregonian 19 March 1987.
Ellis B., Dank H., "Anthropologist Luther Cressman Dies at age 96". Oregonian 8 April 1994.
Travis–Cline, S. "Remembering the Golden Journey". Oregon Heritage 1994.
External links
Guide to the Luther Cressman papers at the University of Oregon
1897 births
1994 deaths
University of Oregon faculty
20th-century American archaeologists
People from Pottstown, Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania State University alumni
Columbia University alumni
A Woman's Tale is a 1991 Australian film directed by Paul Cox and starring Sheila Florance, Gosia Dobrowolska, Norman Kaye, Chris Haywood and Ernie Gray.
Premise
Martha (Florance) is an elderly woman living alone in her flat and dying of cancer. Her love of life leads to an ambivalence about her age; her unique moral code leads to her playing cupid for her friend and nurse Anna (Dobrowolska) and Anna's married lover (Gray); her worrisome son (Haywood) wants her to move into a home; her neighbour Billy (Kaye) has dementia.
Production
Florance herself was dying of cancer as the film was being shot. She died aged 75, nine days after being awarded the 1991 Australian Film Institute Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role.
Box office
A Woman's Tale grossed $49,584 at the box office in Australia.
The film grossed $405,137 in the United States.
Reception
Roger Ebert added A Woman's Tale to his Great Movies list in 2004.
References
External links
A Woman's Tale at the Australian screen
A Woman's Tale at Oz Movies
1991 films
Australian independent films
Australian drama films
Films directed by Paul Cox
1991 drama films
1991 independent films
1990s English-language films
1990s Australian films
Mobile automaton (plural: mobile automata) within theoretical computer science, is a class of automata similar to cellular automata but which have a single "active" cell instead of updating all cells in parallel. In a mobile automaton, the evolution rules apply only to the active cell, and also specify how the active cell moves from one generation to the next. All cells that are not active remain the same from one generation to the next. Mobile automata can therefore be considered a hybrid between elementary cellular automata and Turing machines.
References
Cellular automata
There's No Sympathy for the Dead is the debut EP by American rock band Escape the Fate, released in 2006. It is the band's debut release after signing with Epitaph Records. Two songs from the EP titled "There's No Sympathy for the Dead" and "The Guillotine" would later be featured in the band's debut studio album Dying Is Your Latest Fashion.
Track listing
Personnel
Escape the Fate
Ronnie Radke – lead vocals, acoustic guitar
Bryan "Monte" Money – guitars, backing vocals
Omar Espinosa - guitars, backing vocals
Max Green – bass guitar, backing vocals
Carson Allen - keyboards, synthesisers, piano, programming, backing vocals
Robert Ortiz – drums, percussion
Additional musicians
Karen Schielke - programming, synthesizers
Jeff Moll - programming
Dave Holdredge - cello
Production
Michael "Elvis" Baskette - production, mixing
Josh Whelan - production
Lynn Lauer - engineering, mixing
Karen Schielke - engineering
Carson Allen - composer on "As You're Falling Down" and "There's No Sympathy for the Dead"
Usage in media
"As You're Falling Down" is in the soundtrack of Arena Football: Road to Glory.
References
2006 debut EPs
Escape the Fate albums
Epitaph Records EPs
Albums produced by Michael Baskette
This is a list of awards and nominations for Curb Your Enthusiasm, an American comedy television series produced and broadcast by HBO that premiered on October 15, 2000.
Directors Guild of America
Eddie Awards
2018: Best Edited Comedy Series for Non-Commercial Television (Jonathan Corn for "The Shucker")
1 win
Emmy Awards
2002: Outstanding Comedy Series
2002: Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series (Robert B. Weide for "The Doll")
2003: Outstanding Comedy Series
2003: Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series (Larry David)
2003: Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series (Cheryl Hines)
2003: Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series (Robert B. Weide for "Krazee-Eyez Killa")
2003: Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series (Larry Charles for "The Nanny From Hell")
2003: Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series (Bryan Gordon for "The Special Section")
2003: Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series (David Steinberg for "Mary, Joseph and Larry")
2003: Outstanding Casting for a Comedy Series
2003: Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series (Jon Corn for "Krazee-Eyez Killa")
2003: Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series (Steven Rasch for "The Corpse-Sniffing Dog")
2004: Outstanding Comedy Series
2004: Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series (Larry David)
2004: Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series (Robert B. Weide for "The Carpool Lane")
2004: Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series (Larry Charles for "The Survivor")
2004: Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series (Bryan Gordon for "The 5 Wood")
2004: Outstanding Casting for a Comedy Series
2004: Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series (Steven Rasch for "Opening Night")
2004: Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series (Jon Corn for "The Survivor")
2006: Outstanding Comedy Series
2006: Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series (Larry David)
2006: Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series (Cheryl Hines)
2006: Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series (Robert B. Weide for "The Christ Nail")
2006: Outstanding Casting for a Comedy Series
2006: Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series (Steven Rasch for "The Ski Lift")
2008: Outstanding Comedy Series
2008: Outstanding Guest Actor - Comedy Series (Shelley Berman for playing "Nat David")
2008: Outstanding Casting for a Comedy Series
2008: Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series (Steven Rasch for "The Bat Mitzvah")
2010: Outstanding Comedy Series
2010: Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series (Larry David)
2010: Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series (Steve Rasch for "The Bare Midriff")
2010: Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series (Jonathan Corn and Roger Nygard for "The Table Read")
2012: Outstanding Comedy Series
2012: Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series (Larry David)
2012: Outstanding Guest Actor - Comedy Series (Michael J. Fox for playing himself)
2012: Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series (Robert B. Weide for "Palestinian Chicken")
2012: Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series (Steve Rasch for "Palestinian Chicken")
2018: Outstanding Comedy Series
2018: Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series (Larry David)
2020: Outstanding Comedy Series
2022: Outstanding Comedy Series
2 wins
Golden Globe Award
2002: Best Actor - Musical or Comedy Series (Larry David)
2002: Best Series - Musical or Comedy
2004: Best Actor - Musical or Comedy Series (Larry David)
2005: Best Actor - Musical or Comedy Series(Larry David)
2005: Best Series - Musical or Comedy
1 win
Hollywood Critics Association TV Awards
2022: Best Cable Series, Comedy
2022: Best Actor in a Broadcast Network or Cable Series, Comedy (Larry David)
Image Awards
2004: Outstanding Supporting Actress - Comedy Series (Wanda Sykes)
2005: Outstanding Supporting Actress - Comedy Series (Wanda Sykes)
2007: Outstanding Supporting Actress - Comedy Series (Vivica A. Fox)
Producers Guild of America
2002: Producer of the Year - Episodic Comedy
2004: Producer of the Year - Episodic Comedy
2006: Producer of the Year - Episodic Comedy
2008: Producer of the Year - Episodic Comedy
2010: Producer of the Year - Episodic Comedy
2017: Producer of the Year - Episodic Comedy
2 wins
Screen Actors Guild
2005: Outstanding Actor - Comedy Series (Larry David)
2005: Outstanding Cast - Comedy Series (Shelley Berman, Larry David, Susie Essman, Jeff Garlin, Cheryl Hines, Richard Lewis)
2009: Outstanding Actor - Comedy Series (Larry David)
2009: Outstanding Cast - Comedy Series (Larry David, Susie Essman, Jeff Garlin, Cheryl Hines)
2017: Outstanding Actor - Comedy Series (Larry David)
2017: Outstanding Cast - Comedy Series: (Ted Danson, Larry David, Susie Essman, Jeff Garlin, Cheryl Hines, J. B. Smoove)
Writers Guild of America
2005: Best Writing - Comedy Series (Larry David)
2006: Best Writing - Comedy Series (Larry David)
2007: Best Writing - Comedy Series (Larry David)
2009: Best Writing - Comedy Series (Larry David)
2011: Best Writing - Comedy Series (Alec Berg, Larry David, David Mandel, Jeff Schaffer)
2017: Best Writing - Comedy Series (Larry David, Jon Hayman, Justin Hurwitz, Jeff Schaffer)
1 win
References
Curb Your Enthusiasm
Nefedovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 31 as of 2002.
Geography
Nefedovskaya is located 16 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Manyukovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Sunnmøringen (The Sunnmøre Resident) is a local Norwegian newspaper published twice a week in the municipality of Stranda in Møre og Romsdal county.
The paper covers news from the municipality of Stranda. It was edited from 1994 to 2007 by Helge Søvik, and then by Gyri Aure from 2007 to 2008, when Herborg Bergaplass took over the editorship. In 2017, Bjørn Arild Hatlem was succeeded by Johan Behrentz as editor. The newspaper is owned by Polaris Media.
Circulation
According to the Norwegian Audit Bureau of Circulations and National Association of Local Newspapers, Sunnmøringen has had the following annual circulation:
2004: 2,092
2005: 2,064
2006: 1,990
2007: 1,986
2008: 1,981
2009: 1,992
2010: 1,974
2011: 2,013
2012: 1,976
2013: 1,887
2014: 1,822
2015: 1,742
2016: 1,605
References
External links
Sunnmøringen homepage
Newspapers published in Norway
Norwegian-language newspapers
Stranda
Mass media in Møre og Romsdal
Publications established in 1946
1946 establishments in Norway
The external carotid artery is a major artery of the head and neck. It arises from the common carotid artery when it splits into the external and internal carotid artery. External carotid artery supplies blood to the face and neck.
Structure
The external carotid artery begins at the upper border of thyroid cartilage, and curves, passing forward and upward, and then inclining backward to the space behind the neck of the mandible, where it divides into the superficial temporal and maxillary artery within the parotid gland.
It rapidly diminishes in size as it travels up the neck, owing to the number and large size of its branches.
At its origin, this artery is closer to the skin and more medial than the internal carotid, and is situated within the carotid triangle.
Development
In children, the external carotid artery is somewhat smaller than the internal carotid; but in the adult, the two vessels are of nearly equal size.
Relations
At the origin, external carotid artery is more medial than internal carotid artery. When external carotid artery ascends the neck, it lies more lateral than internal carotid artery.
The external carotid artery is covered by the skin, superficial fascia, platysma muscle, deep fascia, and anterior margin of the sternocleidomastoid; it is crossed by the hypoglossal nerve, by the lingual, ranine, common facial, and superior thyroid veins; and by the digastricus and stylohyoideus muscles; higher up it passes deeply into the substance of the parotid gland, where it lies deep to the facial nerve and the junction of the temporal and internal maxillary veins.
Medial to it are the hyoid bone, the wall of the pharynx, the superior laryngeal nerve, and a portion of the parotid gland.
Posterior to it, near its origin, is the superior laryngeal nerve; and higher up, it is separated from the internal carotid by the styloglossus and stylopharyngeus muscles, the glossopharyngeal nerve, the pharyngeal branch of the vagus, and part of the parotid gland.
Branches
As the artery travels upwards, it gives the following branches:
In the carotid triangle:
Superior thyroid artery, arising from its anterior aspect
Ascending pharyngeal artery - arising from medial, or deep, aspect
Lingual artery - arising from its anterior aspect
Facial artery - arise from its anterior aspect
Occipital artery - arising from its posterior aspect
Posterior auricular artery - arising from posterior aspect
The external carotid artery terminates as two branches:
Maxillary artery
Superficial temporal artery
Anastomoses
The superior thyroid artery anastomoses with inferior thyroid artery, where the latter arises from thyrocervical trunk of the subclavian artery.
Terminal branch of facial artery anastomose with ophthalmic artery of internal carotid artery.
Posterior auricular artery anastomose with occipital artery, another branch of external carotid artery.
One of the branches of superficial temporal artery anastomose with lacrimal and palpebral branches of ophthalmic artery.
Additional images
References
External links
()
Diagram at umich.edu
Arteries of the head and neck
Network delay is a design and performance characteristic of a telecommunications network. It specifies the latency for a bit of data to travel across the network from one communication endpoint to another. It is typically measured in multiples or fractions of a second. Delay may differ slightly, depending on the location of the specific pair of communicating endpoints. Engineers usually report both the maximum and average delay, and they divide the delay into several parts:
Processing delay time it takes a router to process the packet header
Queuing delay time the packet spends in routing queues
Transmission delay time it takes to push the packet's bits onto the link
Propagation delay time for a signal to propagate through the media
A certain minimum level of delay is experienced by signals due to the time it takes to transmit a packet serially through a link. This delay is extended by more variable levels of delay due to network congestion. IP network delays can range from a few milliseconds to several hundred milliseconds.
See also
Age of Information
End-to-end delay
Lag (video games)
Latency (engineering)
Minimum-Pairs Protocol
Round-trip delay
References
Computer networking
Frank Mullings (10 May 1881 – 19 May 1953) was a leading English tenor with Sir Thomas Beecham's Beecham Opera Company and its successor, the British National Opera Company, during the 1910s and 1920s. Blessed with a strong stage presence and a voice that provoked varying reactions from critics, his repertoire included such taxing dramatic parts as Tristan in Tristan und Isolde, Radames in Aida, the title role in Otello, and Canio in Pagliacci. The limitations of early microphones meant that his voice was not always recorded successfully, although the British National Opera Company website notes that playing the recordings at 80 rpm produces a more reliable result.
Mullings was born in Walsall. He studied singing in Birmingham and made his operatic début in Coventry in 1907—in Faust by Gounod. He joined the Denhof Opera Company in 1913, was engaged by the Beecham Opera Company from 1916 to 1921, and was with the British National Opera Company from 1922 until its closure in 1929. He was the first to sing the part of Wagner's Parsifal in English, which he did at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1919.
Mullings was a noted interpreter, in England at least, of Verdi's Otello, as well as Tristan by Wagner. He created the role of Hadyar in Nail by Isidore de Lara, and the role of Apollo in Alkestis by Rutland Boughton.
The English music critic Neville Cardus, who came to know Mullings well, wrote in one of his press reviews that: "Mr. Mullings acted Canio in Pagliacci far beyond the plane of conventional Italian opera of the blood and sand order. His singing is not exactly all honey, but how intensely he lived in the part! He almost persuades us that there is real tragedy about –- that if the puppet Canio were pricked, blood and not sawdust would come forth." On the other hand, the historian John Cawte Beaglehole, who as a young man in London saw Mullings perform in The Damnation of Faust by Berlioz, found him disappointing: "... supposed to be a great tenor; [he was] a red-faced cove who sang in a strangled ineffective stupid fashion; still, you never know, he may have been drunk."
At the height of his fame, Mullings joined the staff of the Birmingham School of Music, teaching voice, and working from 1927 through to 1946. He also taught at the Royal Manchester College of Music from 1944 to 1949. Mullings died at the age of 72 in Manchester.
His voice is preserved in a number of 78-rpm gramophone records which testify to the sincerity of his interpretations but highlight the limitations of his vocal technique, as hinted at politely by Cardus in the quotation cited above. Michael Scott (author of The Record of Singing, Volume 2, published by Duckworth in 1979), J.B. Steane (The Grand Tradition, Duckworth, 1971) and many other commentators have been less guarded than Cardus, noting the constricted production and distorted vowels of his recorded performances, though even Steane's 2006 Gramophone review of the reissued British National Opera Company's 1927 Columbia recording of Pagliacci noted that "the throatiness and discomfort [of Mullings's Canio] in the upper range are to some extent offset by a warmly personal timbre and intense dramatic commitment."
References
Scott, Michael, The Record of Singing, Volume Two, 1914-1925 (Duckworth, London, 1979), pp. 169–170.
Rosenthal, Harold & Warrack, John, The Concise Oxford Dictionary of Opera, second edition (Oxford University Press, London, 1980), under "Mullings, Frank".
External links
Mullings on Divineart.com
Mullings on Answers.com
1881 births
1953 deaths
English operatic tenors
People from Walsall
20th-century British male opera singers
Musicians from the West Midlands (county)
Temple Glacier () is a glacier flowing into the south side of Lanchester Bay on the west coast of Graham Land. Photographed by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd. in 1955-57 and mapped from these photos by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS). Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1960 for Félix du Temple de la Croix (1823–1890), French naval officer who in 1857 designed the first powered model airplane to rise unaided, fly freely and land safely.
Glaciers of Davis Coast
The Lenin Prize (, Leninskaya premiya) was one of the most prestigious awards of the Soviet Union for accomplishments relating to science, literature, arts, architecture, and technology. It was originally created on June 23, 1925 and awarded until 1934. During the period from 1935 to 1956, the Lenin Prize was not awarded, being replaced largely by the Stalin Prize. On August 15, 1956, it was reestablished, and continued to be awarded on every even-numbered year until 1990. The award ceremony was April 22, Vladimir Lenin's birthday.
The Lenin Prize is different from the Lenin Peace Prize, which was awarded to foreign citizens rather than to citizens of the Soviet Union, for their contributions to the peace cause. Also, the Lenin Prize should not be confused with the Stalin Prize or the later USSR State Prize. Some persons were awarded both the Lenin Prize and the USSR State Prize.
On April 23, 2018, the head of the Ulyanovsk Oblast, Sergey Ivanovich Morozov, reintroduced the Lenin Prize for achievements in the humanities, literature, and art to coincide with the 150th birthday of Lenin in 2020.
Awardee
Note: This list is incomplete, short, and differs in detail from the complete and much longer Russian list, and is in chronological order. (See Russian Wikipedia.)
Nikolai Kravkov (1926, Medicine)
Alexander Chernyshov (1930, radio engineering)
Nikolai Demyanov (1930, chemistry)
Sergei Sergeyev-Tsensky (1955, writer)
Andrei Sakharov (1956, physics)
Giorgi Melikishvili (1957, Historian)
Dimitri Nalivkin (1957, geology)
Okhotsimsky Dmitrii Evgenievich (1957, space science)
Pyotr Novikov (1957, mathematics, for proving the undecidability of the word problem for groups)
Sergei Prokofiev (1957, music, posthumously, for his Symphony No. 7)
Dmitri Shostakovich (1958, music composition)
Nikolay Bogolyubov (Николай Николаевич Боголюбов, 1958, physics)
Mikhail Leontovich (1958, physics)
Mikhail Shumayev (1958, physics)
Grigori Chukhrai (1959, contribution to the arts - Ballad of a Soldier)
Vladimir Veksler (1959, physics)
Mikhail Sholokhov (1960, literature, for And Quiet Flows the Don)
Alexander Bereznyak (Александр Яковлевич Березняк, 1961 for P-15 missile)
Sviatoslav Richter (1961, pianist)
Juhan Smuul (1961, literature)
Aleksei Pogorelov (Алексей Васильевич Погорелов, 1962, mathematics)
Korney Chukovsky (Корней Чуковский, 1962, for his book, Mastery of Nekrasov)
Nikolai Aleksandrovich Nevsky (Николай Александрович Невский, 1962, for his posthumous book Tangut Philology)
Vladimir Marchenko (1962, mathematics)
Chinghiz Aitmatov (Чингиз Айтматов, 1963, literature)
Hanon Izakson (Ханон Ильич Изаксон, 1964, farm machinery)
Mikhail Kalashnikov (Михаи́л Тимофе́евич Кала́шников, 1964, AK-47 assault rifle)
Vladimir Kotelnikov, 1964, (Sampling Theory)
Innokenty Smoktunovsky (Иннокентий Смоктуновский, 1965, acting)
Vladimir Igorevich Arnol'd, Andrey Nikolaevich Kolmogorov (Влади́мир И́горевич Арно́льд, Ленинская премия, 1965, mathematics)
Alexander Sergeevich Davydov (1966, physics)
Alexei Alexeyevich Abrikosov (Алексей Алексеевич Абрикосов, 1966, physics)
Alexander Sergeevich Davydov (1966, physics)
Antonina Fedorovna Prikhot'ko (1966, physics)
Emmanuel Rashba (Эммануил Иосифович Рашба, 1966, physics)
Vladimir L'vovich Broude (1966, Physics)
Igor Grekhov (1966, Semiconductor Technology)
Mikhail Kim (1966, hydraulic engineering)
Igor Moiseyev (Игорь Моисеев, 1967, dance)
Ilya Lifshitz (1967, physics)
Mikhail Svetlov (Михаил Светлов, 1967, poetry, posthumously, for the book Verses of the Last Years)
Valery Panov (1969, dance)
Yevgeny Vuchetich (Евгений (Eugene) Вучетич, 1970, sculpture)
Yuri Nikolaevich Denisyuk (1970, holography)
Agniya Barto (Агния Львовна Барто, 1972, poetry?)
Yuri Ozerov (director) for his work Liberation (film series), 1972
Yuri Bondarev writer, for his work Liberation (film series), 1972
Cinematographer for his work Liberation (film series), 1972
Art Director for his work Liberation (film series), 1972
Konstantin Simonov (Константин Симонов, 1974, poetry)
Vladimir Lobashev (1974, physics)
Mikhail Simonov (Михаил Симонов, 1976, aircraft designer)
Gavriil Ilizarov (1979, medicine)
Anatol Zhabotinsky (Oscillating chemical reactions, 1980)
Boris Pavlovich Belousov (Oscillating chemical reactions, 1980)
Otar Taktakishvili (1982, music composition)
Boris Babaian (Борис Арташеcович Бабаян, 1987 for Elbrus-2 supercomputer)
Vladimir Teplyakov (1988, for the development of the RFQ)
Eugene D. Shchukin (1988, physical-chemical mechanics)
Kaisyn Kuliev (Кулиев Кайсын Шуваевич, 1990, Man.Bird.Tree. Poetry. Post-mortem)
Alykul Osmonov (Алыкул Осмонов, Kyrgyz poet and literary modernizer)
Irena Sedlecká (Sculpture)
Olga Avilova (Surgeon)
Yekaterina Alexandrovna Ankinovich (Geologist)
Natalia Shpiller (1951, opera singer)
Lenin Prize winners in Science
Nuclear Physics
1988 year
Rudolf M. Muradyan
For a series of innovative works “New quantum number – color and establishment of dynamical regularities in the quark structure of elementary particles and atomic nuclei” published during 1965 – 1977.
Kurchatov Institute of Atomic Energy
1958 year
Alexander M. Andrianov
Lev Andreevich Artsimovich (Лев Андреевич Арцимович)
Olga A. Bazilevskaya
Stanislav I. Braginskiy
Igor' N. Golovin
Mikhail A. Leontovich
Stepan Yu. Lukyanov
Samuil M. Osovets
Vasiliy I. Sinitsin
Nikolay V. Filippov
Natan A. Yavlinskiy
For research of powerful pulse discharges in gas for production of the high-temperature plasma, published in years.
1964 year
Aleksandr Emmanuilovich Nudel'man (Александр Эммануилович Нудельман)
For a series of innovative automatic cannons.
1966 year
Yuri Raizer
1972 year
Vsevolod A. Belyaev
Oleg Borisovich Firsov (Олег Борисович Фирсов)
For a series of work "Elementary processes and non-elastic scattering at nuclear collisions”.
Vadim I. Utkin
1978 year
Vladilen S. Letokhov and Veniamin P. Chebotayev
1982 year
Viktor V. Orlov
For the work on fast neutron reactors.
1984 year
Valentin F. Demichev
For production of special chemical compounds and development of conditions of their application.
1984 year
Boris B. Kadomtsev
Oleg P. Pogutse
Vitaliy D. Shafranov
For a series of work "The theory of thermonuclear toroidal plasma".
Mathematics
1976 year
Nikolai Krasovski
Alexander B. Kurzhanski
Yury Osipov
A. Subbotin
Physiology
1965 year
Sergei S. Bryukhonenko (posthumously)
Lenin Prize winners in Technology
Aircraft construction
For his work on Advanced Rocket and Aircraft propulsion systems, Sergei Tumansky was awarded the prize in 1957
For their work on the MiG 25 Heavy Interceptor:
R A Belyakov, General designer
N Z Matyuk, chief project engineer
I S Silayev, Gorkii aircraft factory director (later Minister of Aircraft Industry)
F Shukhov, engine project chief
F Volkov, radar project chief
A V Minayev, Deputy Minister of Aircraft Industry who headed task force 'Det 63' that was sent to Egypt in 1971.
Other
Nadezhda A. Agaltsova
See also
List of general science and technology awards
References
1925 establishments in the Soviet Union
1934 disestablishments in the Soviet Union
1956 establishments in the Soviet Union
1990 disestablishments in the Soviet Union
Civil awards and decorations of the Soviet Union
Civil awards and decorations of Russia
Lists of award winners
Awards established in 1925
A New Astronomy is the fourth album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle, released in 2006 by Sub Pop Records and A Silent Place.
Track list
Lost Aurora
Hidden Flower
Red Apple Devil
Hollow Earth Theory
Sex Rituals Of The Dead
Hiss From Nowhere
The Cannibal Club
Church Of The Black Emptiness
“What Did You Say?”
A Classification Of Clouds
Music From Mars
Last Aurora
Me And Joe On The Moon
References
2006 albums
Sub Pop albums
Jennifer Gentle albums
Phytoptidae is a family of mites belonging to the order Trombidiformes.
Genera
Genera:
Acathrix Keifer, 1962
Anchiphytoptus Keifer, 1952
Austracus Keifer, 1944
Boczekella Farkas, 1965
Borassia Chetverikov & Craemer, 2017
Calycophthora Sorauer, 1886
Fragariocoptes Roivainen, 1951
Loboquintus Chetverikov & Petanovic, 2013
Mackiella Keifer, 1939
Nalepella Keifer, 1944
Neopropilus Huang, 1992
Neoprothrix Reis & Navia, 2014
Novophytoptus Roivainen, 1947
Oziella Amrine, Stasny & Flechtmann, 2003
Palmiphytoptus Navia & Flechtmann, 2002
Pentaporca Huang, 1996
Pentasetacus Schliesske, 1985
Phantacrus Keifer, 1965
Phytoptus Dujardin, 1851
Propilus Keifer, 1975
Prothrix Keifer, 1965
Retracrus Keifer, 1965
Setoptus Keifer, 1944
Sierraphytoptus Keifer, 1939
Trisetacus Keifer, 1952
References
Trombidiformes
Acari families
Sonia Jackson, (born 1934) is a British academic and Emeritus Professor at the Institute of Education, University College London. As of 2021, Jackson is semi-retired but still in active collaboration with colleagues at Thomas Coram Research Unit and internationally. Her main areas of research are: Education of children in care, foster care, social exclusion, Early Childhood Education and Care (ECEC), international comparisons of children's services.
Early life and education
Jackson is the elder daughter of Maurice Edelman and Matilda Edelman, née Yager. Jackson was evacuated to Buckinghamshire in 1940 and grew up in Chesham Bois. She was educated at Springfield Grange and Belle Vue Prep before attending Berkhamsted School for Girls (present day Berkhamsted School) as a day girl. Jackson went on to read history at Newnham College, Cambridge, graduating with 2.1 Hons in 1956, which she followed with a Postgraduate Certificate in Social Studies (with Distinction) at Somerville College, Oxford. She later took a second degree in Natural Sciences (Psychology) at the University of Cambridge and qualified as a social worker with a Diploma from the London School of Economics (CQSW).
Career and Research
Jackson's first job was research assistant to the anthropologist, Edmund Leach. Subsequent jobs include working as a psychologist and social worker, NHS Child Psychiatric Clinic, welfare officer, editor of Where and executive director of Advisory Centre for Education (ACE).
After spending four years as social worker for Cambridgeshire Social Services, Jackson started her first academic appointment as Economic and Social Research Council (formerly SSRC) research officer at the University of Huddersfield where she conducted the first major study of childminding.
Jackson was subsequently appointed Lecturer (later Senior Lecturer) at the University of Bristol (1976 – 1992), before becoming Professor of Applied Social Studies and Head of Social Policy at Swansea University (previously Swansea College, University of Wales) (1992 – 2001) and finally Professor of Social Care and Education at Institute of Education (now part of University College London) (2001) and Professor Emerita (2003).
Research at UCL centered on post-compulsory education of children in care in England, Scotland and four other European countries (Sweden, Denmark, Spain and Hungary) as well as Australia and New Zealand.
Awards and honours
Presented with the Meering Award for Outstanding Services to Young Children by the National Association for Nursery and Family Care in 1985.
Appointed Honorary Fellow of the Joint University Council in 2000.
Gave the MacQuarie Street Lecture on Children and Young People to the parliament of New South Wales in 2001.
Appointed Officer of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2002 New Year Honours for services to children in care.
Personal life
Jackson first married in 1956 to Philip Abrams d.31 October 1981, Fellow of Peterhouse, Cambridge, later Professor of Sociology, University of Durham; they divorced in 1970. In 1978 she married Brian Jackson, sociologist, author and social entrepreneur. He died suddenly in Huddersfield on 3 July 1983. In 1990, she married Derek Greenwood, Senior Lecturer in Physics, University of Bristol. d 15 November 2007. Jackson has two children from first marriage, two from her second, four stepchildren and 16 grandchildren.
Publications
Notable Books
Childminder: a Study in Action Research (Routledge & Kegan Paul/Penguin, 1979/81)
On the Move Again? what works in creating stability for looked after children (with Nigel Thomas) (Barnardo's, 1999/2001)
People Under Three: Young Children in Day Care (Routledge, 1994/2004)
Going to University from Care: Final Report of the By Degrees Project (Institute of Education, 2005)
Education for social inclusion: can we change the future for children in care? (Institute of Education, 2010)
Improving Access to Further and Higher Education for Young People in Public Care: European Policy and Practice (Jessica Kingsley Publishers, 2014)
People Under Three: Play, work and learning in a childcare setting (3rd edition) (Routledge, 2015)
Educating Children and Young People in Care: learning placements and caring schools (Jessica Kingsley, 2015)
Selected Academic Papers
References
1934 births
Living people
Alumni of Somerville College, Oxford
Alumni of Newnham College, Cambridge
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Secondatia is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1844. It is native to Jamaica and South America.
Species
Secondatia densiflora A.DC. - Brazil, 3 Guianas, Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Paraguay
Secondatia duckei Markgr. - SE Colombia, NW Brazil
Secondatia floribunda A.DC. - Brazil
Secondatia macnabii (Urb.) Woodson - Jamaica
Secondatia schlimiana Müll.Arg - S Colombia, N Brazil
formerly placed in this genus
Secondatia arborea (Vell.) Müll.Arg. = Malouetia arborea (Vell.) Miers
Secondatia difformis (Walter) Benth. & Hook.f. = Thyrsanthella difformis (Walter) Pichon
Secondatia ferruginea (A.Rich.) Miers = Angadenia berteroi (A.DC.) Miers
Secondatia stans (A.Gray) Standl. = Mandevilla foliosa (Müll.Arg.) Hemsl.
References
Odontadenieae
Apocynaceae genera
The maroon oriole (Oriolus traillii) is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae. It is found in Southeast Asia.
Taxonomy and systematics
The maroon oriole was originally described in the genus Pastor. Along with the black, black-and-crimson and silver orioles, it belongs to a clade of red and black orioles.
Subspecies
Four subspecies are recognized:
O. t. traillii - (Vigors, 1832): Found from the Himalayas to southern China, northern Indochina and northern Thailand
O. t. robinsoni - Delacour, 1927: Found in southern Indochina
O. t. nigellicauda - (R. Swinhoe, 1870): Found on Hainan
O. t. ardens - (R. Swinhoe, 1862): Found on Taiwan
Description
The maroon oriole has maroon and black plumage with a black head, neck and wings with a blueish beak. The females have slightly darker bodies and the juveniles have lighter bodies. The adult male is glossy crimson-maroon in color, with black head, neck and wings and a chestnut-maroon tail. The females and immature males have a greyish-white underpart with black streaks. Colouration varies somewhat across the range, with those in the Indian Subcontinent having duller colours and those in Southeast Asia having brighter colours, also tending to somewhat reddish tones.
Distribution and habitat
The maroon oriole is found in Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, India, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, Taiwan, Thailand, Tibet, and Vietnam. In India, it is found from Himachal Pradesh east to Arunachal Pradesh and the hills of Manipur.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Behavior
The maroon oriole can be found alone, or in pairs. The nesting season is from April to May. The nest is a deep massive cup of bast fibre that is bound with cobwebs. Both the male and the female birds share the parental duties.
Diet and feeding
The maroon oriole eats wild figs, berries, insects and nectar.
References
maroon oriole
maroon oriole
Birds of North India
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Yunnan
Birds of Hainan
Birds of Taiwan
Birds of Southeast Asia
maroon oriole
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of Myanmar
The Anjouan sunbird (Cinnyris comorensis) is a species of bird in the sunbird family, Nectariniidae. It is endemic to Anjouan island in the Comoros, where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Anjouan
Anjouan sunbird
Endemic birds of Comoros
Anjouan sunbird
Anjouan sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Richard Louis Sharon (born April 15, 1950) is an American former professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball as an outfielder from to for the Detroit Tigers and the San Diego Padres.
Baseball career
Sharon was born in San Mateo, California, and is Jewish. He graduated from Sequoia High School, in Redwood City, California.
Sharon was a first round pick in the 1968 Major League Baseball draft, taken at #9 by the Pittsburgh Pirates. In 1970, he was 3rd in the Carolina League in RBIs, tied for third in home runs (22), 4th in runs (78), 6th in slugging percentage (.457), and tied for 7th in triples (5). He was traded from the Pirates to the Tigers for Norm McRae and Jim Foor at the Winter Meetings on November 27, 1972.
He broke into the major leagues at age 23 with the Detroit Tigers, on May 13, 1973. He was voted the team's Rookie of the Year.
In 1974, he earned a peak salary of $19,000 with the Tigers. He along with Ed Brinkman and Bob Strampe were dealt from the Tigers to the San Diego Padres for Nate Colbert in a three-team deal on November 18, 1974 that involved Brinkman also being sent to the St. Louis Cardinals for Sonny Siebert, Alan Foster and Rich Folkers. Danny Breeden went from the Padres to the Cardinals to subsequently complete the transactions. Sharon played his last professional game with the Padres on September 28, 1975, three weeks before he was traded to the Cardinals for Willie Davis on October 20.
References
External links
Dick Sharon sports profile provided by baseball-almanac.com
Dick Sharon biography provided by Kennedy Middle School
1950 births
Living people
Baseball players from California
Charleston Charlies players
Detroit Tigers players
Gastonia Pirates players
Gulf Coast Pirates players
Jewish American baseball players
Jewish Major League Baseball players
Major League Baseball left fielders
Major League Baseball right fielders
People from San Mateo, California
Rhode Island Red Sox players
Salem Rebels players
San Diego Padres players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Waterbury Pirates players
21st-century American Jews
1911 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the eighth water polo championship in Hungary. There were two teams who played one match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1911 in water polo
1911 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
The McLaren M28 is a Formula One racing car built and run by McLaren in the 1979 Formula One World Championship. Powered by a naturally-aspirated Ford Cosworth 3-litre engine, the M28 was designed and wind tunnel tested during the latter half of 1978, at around the same time as Ronnie Peterson was mooted to join the team for the following season. The car was noticeably larger than contemporary designs and was much bulkier looking. Three chassis were built. The bulky design had a sharp impact on top speed, and the car was one of the slowest through speed traps. The car first appeared on track in October 1978 during a test at Watkins Glen.
During initial testing, the M28 was soon found to have problems with poor grip as its ground effect design proved not particularly effective. Lead driver John Watson has described the car as "a disaster." Patrick Tambay was even less enthused by the M28, labelling it "a shitbox." The car suffered from a lack of torsional rigidity and a poor understanding of the ground effect aerodynamics required to be competitive against the new generation of F1 cars.
Watson described how after the first round of tests had been done, the chassis was drooping and had lost all tensile strength. The team, unused to working with advanced aerodynamics tried conventional adjustments to compensate, to no avail. He later stated that the M28 was the worst F1 car that he ever drove.
Coppuck had designed the car to have a very narrow monocoque constructed of aluminium and nomex honeycomb to give the car a stiff chassis with as large an underfloor area as possible for the ground effect to work, but the upshot was that the car had a large frontal area which caused drag. McLaren boss Teddy Mayer was shocked at the car's lack of performance, stating that Coppuck had dropped the ball.
The M28 was completely redesigned, and the B spec car was introduced in Belgium, but there was no improvement in performance. Efforts to resolve the car's problems had made the M28 overweight and slow. However, it was still the preferred chassis over its predecessor, the McLaren M26, and was used during the first half of the 1979 season until a better design could be introduced. As their rivals introduced better cars through the season McLaren rapidly slipped out of the running for the championship. However, it was driven to third in the opening race of the season, the 1979 Argentine Grand Prix, by Watson, who also took sixth in Belgium and fourth at Monaco. Its second driver was Patrick Tambay.
In addition to the McLaren team's customary red and white Marlboro sponsorship livery, the M28 also raced in the colours of German beer company Löwenbräu at the 1979 United States Grand Prix West.
Complete Formula One World Championship results
(key) (results in bold indicate pole position) (results in italics indicate the fastest lap)
* 7 points scored using the McLaren M29.
References
McLaren Formula One cars
1979 Formula One season cars
I'm Dangerous Tonight is a 1990 American made-for-television supernatural horror film directed by Tobe Hooper and starring Mädchen Amick, Corey Parker, R. Lee Ermey and Anthony Perkins. It made its debut on the USA Network on August 8, 1990.
Plot
Loosely inspired by a novella by Cornell Woolrich, the film revolves around a cursed Aztec ceremonial cloak that possesses anyone who wears it. Young college student Amy (Amick) decides to make a dress out of the cloth. Once she dons the dress, she falls under the spell and becomes a remorseless killer.
Cast
Production
I'm Dangerous Tonight was produced for the USA Network, a basic cable network in 1990. The film's story was based on a short story by Cornell Woolrich.
Release
I'm Dangerous Tonight was shown on the USA Network on August 8, 1990.
Reception
From contemporary reviews, Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly gave the film a D ranking, declaring "The only reason I watched this hokey-sounding TV movie was to see Mädchen Amick, the much-abused Shelly, creepy Leo's wife, on Twin Peaks." Tucker noted that Amick "goes from sedate college student to murderous temptress with ease" while concluding that "The rest of the movie is sanitized horror-movie piffle, with Anthony Perkins in a cameo role as — get this — a normal person." Scott Williams writing for the Associated Press stated that the film "is well-directed even if it isn't particularly well-written." and that Hooper "creates some scary images and is still prodding the material for thrills even when the script has run out of steam." Mike Duffy of the Detroit Free Press gave the film two stars stating it was a "modest, melodramatic tale of the supernatural" and that you should "turn off the brian. "I'm Dangerous Tonight" won't work any other way."
In a retrospective review, John Kenneth Muir in his book on Tobe Hooper found the film "never quite as scary or as violent as fans know Tobe Hooper can make it." and that "It isn't bad by any means, just fairly innocuous TV material."
References
Sources
External links
1990 television films
1990 films
1990 horror films
American supernatural horror films
American horror television films
1990s English-language films
Films directed by Tobe Hooper
USA Network original films
Films based on works by Cornell Woolrich
1990s American films
Kobus is a genus containing six species of African antelopes, all of which are associated with marshes, floodplains, or other grassy areas near water. They are sexually dimorphic, with females being smaller and lacking the horns of the males.
Species
Genus Kobus
References
^
Mammal genera
Taxa named by Charles Hamilton Smith
William J. "Billy" Craddock (July 16, 1946 – March 16, 2004) was an American author who published two novels in the early 1970s chronicling psychedelic and biker culture in California in the 1960s. Doubleday published Craddock's books Be Not Content: A Subterranean Journal in 1970, and Twilight Candelabra in 1972. Craddock has been called one of the seminal chroniclers of the psychedelic period, along with Timothy Leary, Alan Watts and Andrew Weil.
Biography
Craddock was born July 16, 1946, in San Jose, CA; son of William O. (an executive) and Camille J. (Hatch) Craddock. He grew up in Los Gatos, California. He graduated from Los Gatos High School in 1964 and moved to San Jose to attend San Jose State College (now San José State University).
Craddock was editor of the underground newspaper The Mobius Strip, in 1966 and 1967.
Craddock also wrote a column for the Los Gatos Times-Observer and, later, for a weekly in Santa Cruz, California. In 2007, the family of Neal Cassady republished Craddock's February 3, 1968 column eulogizing Cassady, whom he'd met at a party thrown by Ken Kesey near San Francisco. "The faster-than-light, holy beat power behind On the Road is gone. Cody, the incredible, always moving, sad-mad Dharma Bum is dead," Craddock wrote.
He married Carole Anne Bronzich on November 27, 1967. The marriage ended in divorce. He married Teresa Lynn Thorne on July 27, 1975, and moved to Santa Cruz, California, where he lived until his death in 2004.
In Santa Cruz, Craddock operated a retailer of restored vintage motorcycles with musician Patrick Simmons of the Doobie Brothers. Also in Santa Cruz, Craddock began a friendship with the journalist Jay Shore, who in 1972 began publishing the alternative weekly Santa Cruz Times with Craddock as a contributor. When Shore suspended the newspaper and relaunched in 1975 as the Good Times (newspaper), Craddock joined as a weekly columnist, writing on a wide range of topics through 1989.
Be Not Content
Be Not Content: A Subterranean Journal was published in 1970. The book is structured as a story within a story: Abel gives the book manuscript to his friend Curt, who is on an LSD trip. The manuscript is then found by a friend named "mindless Eddie" (a result of too much LSD) who then eats it page by page.
Contemporary reviews were mixed. Martin Levin reviewing it in the New York Times said the journal "contains a chain of remarkably fresh impressions of the drug scene ranging from the funny to the horrible," confirming the book had something to offer for everybody - including a member of the "whiskey subculture" like Levin. Kirkus Reviews compared it to a bad trip that took forever.
In 1998, an excerpt was anthologized in The Walls Of Illusion: A Psychedelic Retro, edited by Peter Haining - a reviewer in the Birmingham Post (UK) called Craddock's excerpt "a moderately interesting period piece - nothing more, nothing less." Craddock's account of Kesey's Dec 18, 1965 Muir Beach Acid Test was included as a chapter of The Grateful Dead Reader (2000) by David Dodd and Diana Spaulding. The authors wrote that Craddock's account "Achieves the very psychedelic feeling he was chronicling — something only a few writers have been able to do."
By 2012, Craddock's works had been out of print for 42 years. Metro Silicon Valley carried a cover article on Craddock which said "If the Los Gatos native is indeed one of the era's preeminent chroniclers, acknowledgment has lagged. Not even a Wikipedia bio. Out of print for four decades, copies of Craddock's scarce gems fetch hundreds of dollars online." In 2012, Rudy Rucker's Transreal Books republished Be Not Content in full. "Few certifiably clued-in alumni of that scene, it seems, were left with enough cognitive fortitude to compile the definitive tale of the tribe," wrote Wired magazine contributor Steve Silberman about the Be Not Content reissue. "Now, however, another title has been added to the very short list of engaging books about the golden age of neuro-hacking." He was also featured on the cover of the Santa Cruz Weekly in July 2012. In 2020, the former Good Times publisher Shore published a 50th anniversary edition of Be Not Content under his Backtrack Publishing imprint, including a number of additional writings by Craddock and an introduction by Craddock's sister, Diane Craddock.
References
20th-century American novelists
1946 births
2004 deaths
American male novelists
20th-century American male writers
Wendy Henry is a former British journalist and newspaper editor.
Early life
Henry was born in Lancashire, England, in 1951, and with her twin sister Sara left their mother's house in St Annes on Sea in the late 1960s to move to Manchester to live with their father, a Jewish market trader. By the age of eighteen, she had become a mother during a short-lived marriage.
In their youth, Henry and her sister were active in the International Socialists. In 1972, she was given an absolute discharge after being accused of attempting to throw a carton of milk at Edward Heath when he visited Salford. Her involvement in radical activism at the University of Manchester was spotted by Brian Whittle, Brian Taylor and Peter Reece, who took her on at the Manchester News Service.
Career in journalism
In 1975, Henry was appointed to a six-month trial with the Daily Mail in Manchester, but was not given a permanent position. "I didn't dress properly; they thought I was too scruffy," she told a Press Gazette interviewer in 2002. During her early career as a freelance, she did manage to gain a scoop in 1976, an interview with Geraldine Ellis, the daughter of Ruth Ellis, the last woman to be hanged in Britain, which she managed to sell to the News of the World. For three years, she worked as an unattached freelance for the News of the World, then become features editor of Woman. She joined The Sun in 1981 as the newspaper's books reader identifying those suitable for potential serialisation, then assistant editor (features), as the deputy of Roy Greenslade. Unlike most of her colleagues, Henry was inclined to stand up to editor Kelvin MacKenzie. She was the first journalist to report that Princess Margaret was having a relationship with Roddy Llewellyn.
According to Greenslade, during the Falklands War, when she heard that the General Belgrano had been sunk, she joked "Gotcha", which was used by editor Kelvin MacKenzie as a Sun headline. She was suspended for a month in June 1985 on full-pay by MacKenzie, who was aware of Murdoch's displeasure, for her involvement in the fabrication of an interview with the seriously injured Falklands veteran Simon Weston. He had refused to be interviewed by The Sun and publicly complained, a story which was taken up by the rival Daily Mirror.
Newspaper editor
Henry was then promoted to editor of the News of the World's Sunday magazine, before being appointed editor of the newspaper in 1987. She managed to increase the circulation of the News of the World by 400,000, but by means which even MacKenzie was reported to have found excessive. The tabloids were then under official pressure for their excesses. "Sales aren't everything, Wendy", proprietor Rupert Murdoch is reported to have told her. She resigned rather than modify her editorial policy.
In 1988, Henry was appointed by Robert Maxwell as editor of the Sunday People, where she was able to have more input into the leading articles. Whilst there she became known for publishing controversial pictures, including victims of the Sioux City air crash in July 1989, which apparently led to a first warning about her future from Maxwell. It was for publishing a photograph of an ailing Sammy Davis Jr (showing scars he had from his treatment for throat cancer), and another of seven-year-old Prince William urinating in public, both in the issue of 19 November 1989, for which she was sacked. According to Joe Haines, Maxwell could not remember the reason he had sacked Henry, for both photographs or which one of them. However, Maxwell told Hugo Young, that it was the picture of Davis which had led to Henry's sacking. In 1990, she moved to the United States to become editor of The Globe, remaining at the title until 1993.
Although she has been described as the first female Fleet Street editor, she was preceded by Delarivier Manley (1711), Rachel Beer (1891–1904) and Mary Howarth (1903).
Later career
In the mid-1990s she produced A Current Affair on Fox. She went on to edit the "Spotlight" supplement of the New York Daily News from its launch, and then Successful Slimming before returning to London to launch a British edition. She next worked for Parkhill Publishing alongside Eve Pollard, and spent a year editing Real Homes, during this period circulation increased by 7%.
Henry became Press Officer for Battersea Dogs Home in 1997, and was later secretary to several committees at the centre. In 2002, she began working for them as a full-time dog re-socialiser. In 2004, she joined journalism training as a Professor of Anecdotes.
References
Living people
Alliance for Workers' Liberty people
Alumni of the University of Manchester
British women journalists
English magazine editors
English newspaper editors
English television producers
News of the World people
Socialist Workers Party (UK) members
The Sunday People people
The Sun (United Kingdom) people
Women newspaper editors
Communist women writers
British women television producers
Women magazine editors
Year of birth missing (living people)
John Henry Bonser was a steamship captain from Oregon, United States and British Columbia, Canada. He piloted dozens of sternwheelers over his 40-year-long career and pioneered many rivers in the Pacific Northwest.
John was born in 1855 at Sauvie Island near the banks of the Columbia River in Oregon, the second son
of James Halstead Bonser. Riverboating was a tradition in the Bonser family, as both John's father and grandfather had been rivermen on the Scioto and Ohio rivers.
Oregon
In 1871, when John was 16, he and his older brother, Thomas Albert Bonser, left home and began working on riverboats on the Cowlitz, Lewis and Columbia rivers, doing everything from piloting the crafts to cooking in the galleys.
Then in 1880, Albert drowned while working as a deckhand on the sternwheeler Latona. John considered quitting the river trade, but told his family that he would never let any river beat him.
For the next thirty-one years, he would keep that promise and would gain the reputation of being one of the best swift-water pilots in the business.
In 1881 John married Ida English and built a home in Woodland, Washington. On many occasions Ida would travel with John, even when their children, daughter, Viroqua, and son, Francisco, were born, the family would live on whatever sternwheeler John was piloting at the time. Ida would take the wheel if John was called away on an emergency and provided nursing care to sick or injured passengers and crew. When John began designing his own sternwheelers, he always made sure that a living quarters was built so that his family could accompany him.
In 1882, John became the master of the Latona on the Lewis River and then went on to captain the "Queen of the Riverboats" on the Lewis, the Mascot, which offered daily service to Portland, and provided important transportation and delivery services for the settlements along the river.
British Columbia
In 1892, John Bonser was contacted by Captain George Odin, a Fraser River captain, who was currently employed by the Hudson's Bay Company to navigate a route on the Skeena River from Port Essington to Hazelton. Several attempts had been made by other pilots to navigate the treacherously swift Skeena River but none had been successful. Part of Odin's letter read, "We understand that you have the reputation of not being afraid to take a steamboat over Niagara Falls, across the Sahara Desert or from hell to breakfast. We've got the boat here and we want a man to take it into the mountains. If you think you can do it the job is yours."
The boat in question was the Caledonia. Bonser took the job and he and his family moved to British Columbia, building a home in Vancouver.
The Caledonia was considered a success and began serving not only the Skeena River, but also the northern coastal regions. In 1895, the Caledonia was overhauled and lengthened at Bonser's request, making her more maneuverable. Bonser named eleven of the canyons and rapids on the Skeena River, using the character of the obstacle as a guide. Among them were the Whirly Gig Rapids, Hornet's Nest Rapids and the Devil's Elbow Canyon where the Skeena rushed directly towards a rock bluff before twisting off to the right. Despite these perils the Caledonia operated for seven seasons.
By 1898, the Klondike Gold Rush was in full swing and there was more interest in the north than ever previously. A business rival of the Hudson's Bay Company, Robert Cunningham, bought the Monte Cristo and hired Captain Bonser away from the HBC to pilot it.
Then in 1900, Cunningham sent Bonser down to Victoria to design a sternwheeler specifically for the Skeena River. This would become the Hazelton and under Bonser's command she soon proved to be superior to all the other boats on the river. In her first season, she went to Hazelton thirteen times, making the trip upstream in forty hours and downstream in ten. Realizing that the new HBC sternwheeler Strathcona and the Caledonia could not compete, the HBC built a third sternwheeler, the Mount Royal and hired Captain Johnson as her pilot.
Sternwheeler race on the Skeena River
When Captain Johnson's Mount Royal arrived at the Skeena, rivalry flared between her and Bonser's Hazelton almost immediately, with each captain trying to beat the other's times to Hazelton and back. The standing order from both companies was "beat the other boat." Inevitably, this led to a side-by-side race, an old but dangerous tradition among sternwheelers.
In the spring of 1904, both boats wanted to be the first one of the season to arrive in Hazelton. Captain Bonser started out in the Hazelton first, and while he was wooding-up 105 miles upstream, he saw the Mount Royal with Johnson at the helm coming up from behind.
Wooding-up was immediately ceased and the Hazelton pulled into the stream as the Mount Royal approached and they raced bow to bow. Slowly the Mount Royal gained on the Hazelton. Captain Bonser was having none of it and he rammed the Mount Royal several times. Johnson lost control and the current carried her back downstream, bow first. Bonser wagged the Hazelton's stern at the Mount Royal, tooted the whistle and continued triumphantly upstream. Furious, Johnson left the pilothouse unattended to retrieve a rifle and shot at the departing Hazelton. Afterwards, Johnson laid charges on Bonser claiming he deliberately rammed the Mount Royal. Bonser claimed in his defense that it was an accident. The Federal Department of Marine investigated and decided that both captains were at fault, Bonser for ramming the Mount Royal, and Johnson for leaving the helm. The men were reprimanded and the case was closed.
The HBC and Robert Cunningham came to a mutual decision that the rivalry was not profitable and an agreement was reached to end it. Cunningham tied up his vessel, and the HBC hauled his freight for free. Later, the HBC bought the Hazelton. The new arrangements between the HBC and Robert Cunningham left Captain Bonser without a vessel until 1906 when he took command of the Pheasant, a small sternwheeler that was the butt of many jokes and nicknamed the "Chicken" because it had to scratch so hard to get upstream. She was wrecked that autumn in the Redrock Canyon, the first loss of Bonser's long career, although not his last. Bonser's next boat was the Northwest, which was owned by the Northern British Columbia Transportation Company, a company which also had a hotel and store at Telkwa. The Northwest's main purpose was to deliver liquor from the coast to hotels along the Skeena.
In September 1907, the Northwest was lost, when she hit a rock and sank. There was no loss of life, but she was carrying the winter liquor supply for the towns along the Skeena, and her loss still caused a bit of uproar. In response to this minor crisis, the HBC refitted the Caledonia and she ran an emergency trip up the Skeena with the much desired supplies.
Bonser then moved on to the upper Fraser River in 1909, where he would pilot two sternwheelers before returning to the Skeena in 1911.
Upper Fraser River
In 1909, John Bonser was hired by the Fort George Lumber and Navigation Company of South Fort George to pilot the Nechacco, which would later be renamed the Chilco. Under his command the Nechacco would be the first sternwheeler to navigate the treacherous Grand Canyon of the Fraser.
The Fort George Lumber and Navigation Company then built the Fort Fraser in which Bonser pioneered the route to Tête Jaune Cache in 1910.
Both sternwheelers would often be chartered by pioneer surveyor Frank Swannell who traveled on them to areas he was surveying in the Nechako Valley along the Stuart and Nechako rivers.
The Inlander
John Bonser returned to the Skeena River in 1911 and piloted the Inlander for the 1911 and ‘12 seasons of navigation. Then, that August, the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway line was finished to form Prince Rupert to Hazelton, a death knell for the local sternwheelers. On September 13, 1912 the Inlander left Hazelton for the final time, the last of the sternwheelers on the Skeena River. When she reached Port Essington, the Inlander'' was pulled up onto ways and left to rot.
Captain Bonser died just over a year later, on December 26, 1913 at Providence St. Vincent Medical Center in Portland. He was buried next to his son, Francisco, at the Deer Island Cemetery near Goble, Oregon.
Notes
External links
Further reading
Steamship captains
History of transportation in Oregon
1855 births
1913 deaths
Pre-Confederation British Columbia people
The Carolinas PGA Championship is a golf tournament that is the section championship of the Carolinas section of the PGA of America. It has been played annually since 1923 at a variety of courses around both states.
Winners
2021 Morgan Deneen
2020 Tommy Gibson
2019 Matt Vick
2018 Steve Scott
2017 Charles Frost
2016 Savio Nazareth
2015 Mike Townsend
2014 Jerry Haas
2013 Kelly Mitchum
2012 Kelly Mitchum
2011 Gus Ulrich
2010 Todd Camplin
2009 Jeff Peck
2008 Billy Anderson
2007 Curt Sanders
2006 Kelly Mitchum
2005 Larry George
2004 Kelly Mitchum
2003 Jeff Lankford
2002 Kelly Mitchum
2001 Jeff Lankford
2000 Tim Dunlavey
1999 Byran Sullivan
1998 Chip Sullivan
1997 Chris Tucker
1996 Rick Lewallen
1995 Tim Dunlavey
1994 Bob Boyd
1993 Bob Boyd
1992 Ron Cerrudo
1991 Chris Tucker
1990 Chris Tucker
1989 Bob Boyd
1988 Dale Fuller
1987 David Thore
1986 David Thore
1985 Leonard Thompson
1984 Bob Boyd
1983 Tim Collins
1982 Tim Collins
1981 Ronnie Parker
1980 Richard Lee
1979 Ronnie Smoak
1978 Bob Leaver
1977 Mike Schlueter
1976 Roger Watson
1975 Roger Watson
1974 Terry Wilcox
1973 O'Dell Massey
1972 Bob Bruno
1971 Bob Galloway
1970 Brad Anderson
1969 Buck Adams
1968 Hamp Auld
1967 Bobby Mitchell
1966 Jim Ferree
1965 Bob Spence
1964 Julius Boros
1963 Furman Hayes
1962 Davis Love Jr.
1961 Wayne Haley
1960 Avery Beck
1959 Mike Souchak
1958 Thorne Wood
1957 Furman Hayes
1956 Julius Boros
1955 Al Smith
1954 Johnny Palmer
1953 Al Smith
1952 Johnny Palmer
1951 Johnny Palmer
1950 Clayton Heafner
1949 Johnny Palmer
1948 Johnny Palmer
1947 Bobby Locke
1946 Dave Tinsley
1945 Orville White
1944 Purvis Ferree
1941–43 No tournament
1940 Charles Farlow
1930–39 No tournament
1929 Bill Goebell
1928 Marshall Crichton
1927 Ralph S. Miner
1926 Charles Reynolds
1925 Bill Goebel
1924 Frank Clark
1923 Ralph S. Miner
External links
PGA of America – Carolinas section
List of winners
Golf in North Carolina
Golf in South Carolina
PGA of America sectional tournaments
A becard is a bird of the genus Pachyramphus in the family Tityridae.
Taxonomy
The genus Pachyramphus was introduced in 1839 by the English zoologist George Robert Gray in the volume on birds by John Gould that formed part of Charles Darwin's Zoology of the Voyage of H.M.S. Beagle. The type species was designated by Gray in 1840 as the green-backed becard (Pachyramphus viridis). The generic name is from the Ancient Greek pakhus meaning "stout" or "thick" and rhamphos meaning "bill".
The genus had traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae, but evidence strongly suggests that it is better placed in the family Tityridae, where it is now placed by the IOC.
Extant species
The genus contains seventeen species:
Former species
Some authorities, either presently or formerly, recognize several additional species as belonging to the genus Pachyramphus including:
Rusty-vented canastero (as Bathmidura Dorbignyi)
Description
The becards are characterized by their large heads with a slight crest. The smaller members of this genus have graduated tails and most members are sexually dimorphic, although the cinnamon becard and the chestnut-crowned becard have similar plumages for the males and females. Juvenile becards resemble the adult females in plumage and, as far as known, obtain their adult plumage after about a year. The bills of the becards are grey, and many (but not all) have a black culmen or upper mandible. Their legs are dark gray.
Distribution and habitat
They are primarily found in Central and South America, but the rose-throated becard occurs as far north as southern United States and, as suggested by its common name, the Jamaican becard is restricted to Jamaica. Depending on the species, they are found in wooded habitats ranging from open woodland to the dense canopy of rainforests.
Breeding
The nest of a becard is a bulky globular mass of dead leaves, mosses, and fibers with the entrance near the bottom of the nest. Nests are typically wedged or slung from the outer branches of trees at the mid or upper levels.
References
Taxa named by George Robert Gray
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This is a list of aircraft by date and usage. The date shown is the introduction of the first model of a line but not the current model. For instance, while "the most popular" aircraft, such as Boeing 737 and 747 were introduced in 1960x, their recent models were revealed in the 21st century.
Civil aircraft
Civil air transport
Civil – general aviation
Military aircraft
Fighters
Bombers
Reconnaissance, electronic warfare and Airborne Early Warning
Carrier-based aircraft
Air support/attack aircraft
Training aircraft
Transport
Helicopters and Autogyros
Racing aircraft
Experimental aircraft
Seaplanes and Amphibians
Date and usage category
Aircraft
James Girard Lindsley (March 19, 1819 – December 4, 1898) was an American politician and a U.S. Representative from New York.
Early life
Born in Orange, New Jersey, Lindsley attended the public schools, the military academy in Orange operated by Truman B. Ransom, and Pierson's Orange Classical School.
Career
Lindsley moved to New York and was a trustee of the village of Rondout, New York from 1859 to 1864. He also served as president of the village of Rondout in 1852 and 1867–1869.
An ardent Whig, Republican, and Liberal, Lindsley was elected supervisor of Kingston, New York, in March 1872 and in April of the same year was elected the first mayor of Kingston, to which office he was reelected for six consecutive years. He was a general manager of the Newark Lime & Cement Manufacturing Co., Kingston, New York, and was the organizer and president of the Kingston Water Co.
Elected as a Republican to the Forty-ninth Congress, Lindsley served as United States Representative for the first district of New York (March 4, 1885 – March 3, 1887). He was not a candidate for reelection in 1886.
Death
Lindsley died in Kingston, New York, on December 4, 1898 (age 79 years, 260 days). He is interred at Montrepose Cemetery in Kingston, New York.
Personal life
The son of John Morris and Charlotte Taylor Lindsley, he married Sarah Esther Tompkins on September 25, 1844, and they had one daughter, Anna Lindsley McAllister. Sarah died on June 29, 1876, and Lindsley married Laura B. Oatley on July 3, 1877.
References
External links
1819 births
1898 deaths
People from Orange, New Jersey
Burials at Montrepose Cemetery
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
19th-century American politicians
Barkol Airlines is a large Russian charter airline based in Moscow that carries out VIP charter flights (both on its own aircraft and on those leased from other airlines) as well as patrols of power, gas and oil lines, forest patrols, aerial photography and crop spraying (on its Antonov An-2, Mil Mi-2 and Mil Mi-8 aircraft).
Finances
Year-on-year, net operating revenues increased by 15.46%, from RUB 1,098,632,000 to RUB 1,268,526,000 from 2009 to 2010. Operating result decreased, by 20.18% from RUB 45,427,000 to RUB 36,261,000.
Region served
Western (European) Russia is served up to the area bordered to the east by Khanty-Mansiysk and Salekhard.
Fleet
References
External links
Barkol web site
Airlines of Russia
Airlines established in 1996
Companies based in Moscow
Graphium chironides, the veined jay, is a species of butterfly found in Assam and other parts of Northeast India and Southeast Asia.
Description
Closely resembles in colour and in the disposition of the markings Graphium eurypylus, races jason and axion more especially the latter, but on the upperside the anterior markings are all strongly tinged with yellow and the spots or patches that compose the discal band on both forewing and hindwing are well separated one from the other; on the hindwing, moreover, the apical spot of the subterminal series is invariably white, not pale green like the other spots of the series, and is very often elongate and diffuse. Underside: forewing very similar to that of axion. Hindwing: with the following silvery white markings: a moderately broad basal band reaches from costa across the wing and along the dorsum to the tornal angle, broad elongate streaks in the cell and in interspaces 2 and 3, a small spot at base of interspace 4, an inwardly conical larger elongate spot at base of 6, a very large quadrate spot in 7, and an elongated spot like that in 6 in interspace but outwardly not inwardly conical, interior to the two latter spots are two broad lunular spots in interspaces 7 and 8; all the anteriorly basal markings are strongly tinged with silky yellow; on the outer half of the wing there is a postdiscal series of orange yellow and a subterminal complete series of silvery-white spots, the upper two of which have further short narrow similarly-coloured streaks below them in the interspaces. Antennae head and thorax black, the thorax with dark greyish pubescence, abdomen brownish black; beneath and the abdomen laterally marked and streaked with white.
Subspecies
G. c. chironides (southern Yunnan, Assam)
G. c. clanis (Jordan, 1909)
G. c. malayanum Eliot, 1982 (Malaysia)
G. c. chironides punctatus Page & Treadaway 2014 (Laos and southern Thailand)
Taxonomy
Synonym of Graphium chiron (Wallace, 1865). Formerly regarded as a subspecies of Graphium bathycles but raised to specific level by Saigusa et al.
References
Butterflies described in 1884
chironides
Butterflies of Indochina
Norbert Peter Stiles (18 May 194230 October 2020) was an English footballer and manager. He played for England for five years, winning 28 caps and scoring one goal. He played every minute of England's victorious 1966 FIFA World Cup campaign. In the semi-final of that tournament against Portugal, he was given the job of marking the prolific Eusébio. His tough performance resulted in Eusébio being practically nullified for the entire game. Stiles also played in the final, which England won 4–2 against West Germany. His post-match dance on the Wembley pitch, holding the World Cup trophy in one hand and his false teeth in the other, was widely broadcast.
Stiles spent the majority of his club career for Manchester United, spending eleven years at Old Trafford, where he became renowned for his tough tackling and ball-winning qualities. Jonathan Wilson, writing for The Guardian in 2013, labelled Stiles as a type of holding midfielder he described as a "destroyer", a player who is primarily tasked with running, winning back possession, and distributing the ball to other players.
With the Red Devils, he won two League titles and one European Cup. Stiles is one of only three Englishmen, alongside Bobby Charlton and Ian Callaghan, to have won both the World Cup and European Cup.
Stiles also had short spells with Middlesbrough and Preston North End.
Early life
Stiles grew up in Collyhurst, a working-class district of North Manchester, attending the local St Patrick's Catholic (Primary) School. He was born in the cellar of the family home during an air raid, the son of Charlie, a manager of an undertakers' parlour in a family business, and Kitty, who supplemented the family income working as a machinist.
Club career
Manchester United
Stiles supported Manchester United and his talent was swiftly recognised when he played for England Schoolboys at the age of 15. He achieved a childhood ambition when, in the same year, the club he supported gave him an apprenticeship in September 1959.
Stiles was an unlikely-looking footballer in many ways – he was short, at a time when teenagers were being rejected by clubs purely because of their lack of height; he also had several teeth missing and wore dentures, the removal of which prior to matches gave him a gap-toothed expression which had the potential to scare. He became significantly bald at a young age and sported a dramatic comb-over. He was also severely short-sighted, and needed strong contact lenses when playing, and wore thick spectacles off the field.
Nevertheless, Manchester United manager Matt Busby saw something in the tenacious youngster. Stiles was given his debut as a full back in October 1960 against Bolton Wanderers. Stiles's simple passing game and fearless ball-winning skills saw his swift conversion into a "holding" midfield player of a type now a feature of all top teams but still a rarity at a time when forward lines consisted of five players and the midfield was restricted to covering half-backs. His ability to gain and retain possession also allowed his teammates, such as Bobby Charlton and, later, George Best, to utilise more space on the field. Stiles's defensive skills were also utilised by United managers to great effect throughout his successful career.
That said, Busby was not afraid to sacrifice Stiles when required and when United beat Leicester City 3–1 in the 1963 FA Cup final, Stiles was not picked for the game. He began to make more frequent appearances in the seasons ahead, however, and won the First Division title in 1965.
In 1967, Stiles won his second League championship medal with Manchester United, but greater club honours were to come. United reached the European Cup final, which was to be staged at Wembley, and Stiles's old nemesis Eusébio was again someone he had to deal with as part of a fearsome attacking potential posed by opponents Benfica. Stiles played well without keeping Eusébio wholly quiet, and with the score at 1–1 and just a few minutes left, the Portuguese legend got away from the United defence with just goalkeeper Alex Stepney to beat, yet only managed to slam the ball straight into Stepney's midriff. United won 4–1 and became the first English club to lift Europe's main trophy.
Later career
After 395 matches and 19 goals, Manchester United sold Stiles in 1971 to Middlesbrough for £20,000. Two years later, he became a player-coach at Preston North End when Bobby Charlton was manager.
International career
On 10 April 1965, Stiles made his debut for the England national football team in a 2–2 draw against Scotland.
1966 FIFA World Cup
With England hosting the World Cup in 1966, manager Alf Ramsey had no competitive qualifying campaign to prepare, and therefore he spent the prior two years meticulously assessing players in friendly matches and British Home Championship games. With Bobby Charlton the only certainty for his World Cup midfield, he needed to create a trio of players to complement the Manchester United attacker and among those was the requirement for a "spoiler". Stiles was tested out for this role in a 2–2 draw against Scotland at Wembley on 10 April 1965. He kept his place for eight of the next nine internationals, scoring the only goal in a Wembley win against West Germany along the way, and by the time Ramsey confirmed his 22, it was thought likely that he would be in England's starting team for the World Cup.
Stiles won his 15th cap as England kicked off the competition with a goalless draw against Uruguay and maintained his place as the uncompromising hardman playing ahead of the back four and making sure there was space and time for the likes of Charlton ahead of him. With Stiles not missing a minute, England progressed through the group with wins over Mexico and France and then scraped past a violent Argentina side in the last eight. In the France game, Stiles seriously injured their midfielder Jacques Simon with a bad late tackle and there were calls from the media and FA for Stiles to be dropped. Ramsey publicly defended Stiles, being sure that the tackle was mistimed rather than malicious.
In the semi-final, Stiles performed an effective man-marking job on the Portuguese playmaker, and prolific goalscorer Eusébio, to the extent that the immensely skilled player was essentially nullified for the whole match, which England won 2–1. His tactics, despite the criticism they provoked from some, were effective; Eusébio's only major contribution was a late penalty, in a match where both sides were considered to have played attractive football in a good spirit with few fouls, and England progressed to the final. In the dressing room afterwards, Ramsey praised Stiles's individual performance, a rare accolade.
Stiles, winning his 20th cap, had no man-marking brief against West Germany but played a strong, tough match as England saw a 2–1 lead levelled with the last kick of the game before Geoff Hurst completed a hat-trick to win the competition in extra time. At the final whistle, Stiles did a spontaneous jig with the Jules Rimet Trophy in his hand while holding his false teeth in the other. Thirty years later this moment would be referred to by Frank Skinner and David Baddiel in the lyrics to "Three Lions", the England theme song written with the Lightning Seeds for Euro 96: in the 1996 version, a list of English football memories ends with "...Nobby dancing", and in the 1998 version, in a reference to the World Cup finals taking place in France, the middle section consists of the line: "We can dance Nobby's dance, we can dance it in France".
UEFA Euro 1968 and 1970 FIFA World Cup
Stiles played in the next four internationals but was deemed to have performed poorly as England lost to Scotland at Wembley in 1967 and was dropped by Ramsey. Stiles was selected for the England squad which contested the 1968 European Championships, but the holding role in midfield had been taken by Tottenham Hotspur's Alan Mullery. England went out to Yugoslavia in the semi-finals, during which Mullery became the first ever England player to be sent off. Stiles was recalled for the otherwise meaningless third place play-off game against the Soviet Union, but it was clear that despite his misdemeanour, Mullery was now Ramsey's first choice.
Stiles played just once for England in 1969 and twice in 1970. He was selected by Ramsey for the 1970 World Cup in Mexico, but only as Mullery's understudy, and not only did he not get a kick during the competition as England surrendered the title in the quarter-final, he never played for his country again. He ended with 28 caps – ultimately the least capped member of the 1966 XI – and one goal.
Managerial and post-playing career
In August 1975, Stiles was appointed as caretaker manager of Preston when Bobby Charlton resigned in protest at the transfer of defender John Bird to Newcastle United, but he resigned a week later in support of his former Manchester United teammate. Stiles returned to Preston to serve as manager from 22 July 1977 to 1 June 1981.
Stiles joined the exodus of ageing and semi-retired European players to the NASL in 1981, to become coach of the Vancouver Whitecaps, spending three years at the Canadian club.
On 29 September 1985, Stiles took over as manager of West Bromwich Albion; however, he was sacked the following February after the side managed only three wins under his leadership, and this was his final stab at management. He later revealed his struggle with depression while in the job, finding it tough to cope with working in the Midlands and the daily commute from Manchester where his family lived.
Between 1989 and 1993 he worked for Manchester United as their youth team coach, developing the considerable skills of teenage prodigies such as David Beckham, Ryan Giggs, and Paul Scholes. Nicky Butt and the Neville brothers, Gary and Phil, also came through at this time.
In 2000, Stiles was awarded his MBE after a campaign by sections of the media who were surprised that five of the 1966 team had never been officially decorated for their achievements. Stiles duly joined Alan Ball, Roger Hunt, Ray Wilson and George Cohen in collecting his gong.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list England's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Stiles goal.
Honours
Club
Manchester United
Football League First Division: 1964–65, 1966–67
FA Cup: 1962-63
FA Charity Shield: 1965 (shared), 1967 (shared)
European Cup: 1967–68
International
England
FIFA World Cup: 1966
Individual
Football League 100 Legends: 1998 (inducted)
English Football Hall of Fame: 2007 (inducted)
PFA Team of the Century (1907–1976): 2007
FAI International Football Awards – International Personality: 1998
Personal life
Stiles married Kay Giles in June 1963. His wife was a sister of Johnny Giles and they were introduced to each other around the time they were teammates at Manchester United. They lived in Manchester and had three children. Stiles' son John was also a footballer, playing for Shamrock Rovers in Dublin and Leeds United in the 1980s.
Stiles was a devout Catholic throughout his life, and even tried to attend mass on the day of the world cup final. In 1968, Stiles released his first autobiography, Soccer My Battlefield; his second, After the Ball, followed in 2003. In 2007, he was inducted into the English Football Hall of Fame.
Stiles's FIFA World Cup medal and a European Cup medal were bought by Manchester United for more than £200,000 at an auction on 27 October 2010. The World Cup medal, which Stiles won in the 1966 final against West Germany, sold for £160,000. His European Cup medal, which he won with Manchester United in 1968, was also sold, realising more than £49,000. Stiles sold the medals so that his family could benefit from the proceeds.
A teenage Stiles, then a Manchester United apprentice, was portrayed by actor Kyle Ward in a 2011 BBC TV drama, United, which was centred around the Munich air disaster in 1958, in which eight of United's senior players died.
On 24 November 2013, it was announced that Stiles was diagnosed with prostate cancer, and in 2016, it was announced that he was suffering from advanced dementia. He was too ill to attend a celebration dinner to mark the 50th anniversary of England's 1966 World Cup win. In November 2017, a BBC documentary on the subject of brain injuries amongst retired footballers presented by former England striker Alan Shearer included an interview with Stiles' son.
Stiles died on 30 October 2020, aged 78, after suffering with prostate cancer and dementia as a result of chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) from the repeated heading of footballs. Stiles's brain was donated to the FIELD study conducted by Dr Willie Stewart into the link between dementia and a career in professional football. Stiles was one of five England players from the 1966 World Cup final that died from or suffered from dementia.
Notes
References
Specific
General
Keeling, Peter (1971). Nobby Stiles. London: Wolfe, .
McKinstry, Leo (2006). Sir Alf. London: HarperSport. .
Stiles, Nobby (2003). After the Ball: My Autobiography. London: Hodder & Stoughton, .
Tyers, Alan (2007). "The Sixties...Be Sure to Wear False Teeth in Your Hair", Football365
External links
FA.com profile
Sporting Heroes profile
1942 births
2020 deaths
English footballers
England international footballers
English football managers
Manchester United F.C. players
Middlesbrough F.C. players
Preston North End F.C. managers
Preston North End F.C. players
West Bromwich Albion F.C. managers
1966 FIFA World Cup players
UEFA Euro 1968 players
1970 FIFA World Cup players
FIFA World Cup-winning players
Association football midfielders
People from Collyhurst
Footballers from Manchester
English Roman Catholics
Members of the Order of the British Empire
English Football League players
English Football Hall of Fame inductees
English Football League representative players
UEFA Champions League winning players
English expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Expatriate soccer managers in Canada
English expatriate football managers
Sportspeople with chronic traumatic encephalopathy
Deaths from chronic traumatic encephalopathy
Miša Mihajlo Kravcev (; born 16 February 1962) is a Serbian painter and author from Belgrade.
Work
Kravcev has had a number of joint and author's exhibitions in Serbia and abroad, including in the Cultural Center of Belgrade and gallery Đura Jakšić, Skadarlija, and the Grand Gallery of the Central Military Club. He participated with an exhibit in Stockholm 1998 within the "Capital of European Culture" festival.
As a writer, Kravcev has published three titles, The Angel of Coincidence, Saga of the Red Star, and A Lions's Spring.
Gallery
References
1962 births
Living people
21st-century Serbian painters
21st-century Serbian male artists
Writers from Belgrade
20th-century Serbian painters
Serbian male painters
20th-century Serbian male artists
One Central HCM, formerly named Spirit of Saigon is a mixed-use development currently under construction consisting of a podium and two high-rise towers in Ho Chi Minh City.
The architectural firm behind the project is Arquitectonica. Upon completion, it will become the tallest twin buildings in Ho Chi Minh City.
Design
The mixed-use development is designed by American architectural firm Arquitectonica. The development consists of two high-rise towers which are connected together through a podium. The West Tower is tall and will hold office spaces in the lower half and a Ritz-Carlton Hotel in the upper half. The East Tower is tall and will hold luxury apartments. The podium beneath will include 58,400sqm of retail space and will have an underground connection to the Ben Thanh metro station, the central terminus of the Ho Chi Minh City Metro.
See also
Bitexco Tower
List of the tallest buildings in Vietnam
References
External links
One Central HCM Construction information and photos (formerly known as Spirit of Saigon).
Twin towers
Skyscrapers in Ho Chi Minh City
Big Philou (foaled in 1965) was a notable New Zealand bred Thoroughbred racehorse. He was by the good sire Le Filou (imported from France) from Pink Lady by Contact and he was trained by Bart Cummings.
He is best remembered for the controversy surrounding his withdrawal from the 1969 VRC Melbourne Cup when as the hot favourite he was the victim of a doping scandal and was withdrawn from the race 39 minutes before the start.
Jockey Roy Higgins believed that the horse was a certainty to win the race.
Rain Lover went on to win the Cup and created history as the first back-to-back winner since Archer in 1861 and 1862.
Although he missed out on winning a Melbourne Cup the horse did record wins in the 1969 VATC Caulfield Cup, 1970 VRC Queen Elizabeth Stakes (Autumn) and the 1970 VATC Underwood Stakes.
Pedigree
References
External links
Big Philou's pedigree
1965 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in New Zealand
Racehorses trained in Australia
Caulfield Cup winners
Thoroughbred family 20-a
Cornwall Regional Hospital is a public hospital in Montego Bay, Jamaica, located in the Mount Salem district. It is the main hospital in western Jamaica. The hospital is operated by the Western Regional Health Authority on behalf of the Ministry of Health, Jamaica.
History
The hospital was designed by The Architects Collaborative (TAC) of Cambridge, Massachusetts. Construction of Cornwall Regional Hospital was completed in 1972, but the hospital was not opened to the public until May 10, 1974. Cornwall Regional Hospital serves approximately 18,000 outpatients and 73,000 emergency room visits per year. The hospital was named after Cornwall County, Jamaica, in which it is located.
Services
The services offered by the hospital include:
Accident & Emergency (A&E)
General Surgery
Paediatrics
Orthopaedics
Obstretics & Gynaecology (O&G)
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Psychiatry
Ophthalmology (Eye)
Plastic and Re-Constructive Service
Dermatology
Critical Care (ICU)
Urology
Renal Dialysis
Outpatient Clinics
Medical Laboratory
Radiation Oncology
Radiotherapy
Radiology (X-Ray)
Pediatric Surgery
Dietary
Physiotherapy
Pharmacy
Awards
2013, Prime Minister's Trophy for the "Best Customer Service Entity – Single Location"
Notable people
Dr Ken Baugh, former surgeon and Senior Medical Officer
References
Hospital buildings completed in 1972
Buildings and structures in Montego Bay
Hospitals in Jamaica
The Braithwaite Burn & Jessop Construction Company Limited (BBJ Construction Company) is a Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) of the Government of India under Department of Heavy Industries. Established on 26 January 1935, BBJ Construction Company has been involved in the construction & repairing of Rail Bridges & Rail-cum-Road Bridges, Industrial structural works, Large building foundation, Civil engineering works, Refinery piping works, Railway gauge conversion etc. The company is registered and headquartered in Kolkata.
History
The early story of BBJ started around the mid-thirties. The ever-increasing traffic movement between the twin cities of Calcutta & Howrah demanded a wider and stronger bridge in replacement of the then existing pontoon bridge. The authorities accordingly decided on building a cantilever bridge across the river Hooghly. The job undoubtedly called for greater expertise. So the three engineering companies - Braithwaite, Burn & Jessop - came together and floated a new company. Thus on 26 January 1935 was born BBJ, The Braithwaite Burn & Jessop Construction Company Limited.
The onward march began in 1941 with the Howrah Bridge, later, named Rabindra Setu. Later in 1991 achievement is the second Hooghly Bridge or Vidyasagar Setu. In between BBJ constructed number of engineering structures spread across the country and abroad.
The first Ganga Bridge of independent India Rajendra Setu at Mokameh-Barauni in Bihar, Yamuna Bridge at Delhi, Godavari Bridge at Rajamundry, Krishna Bridge at Vijayawada, Brahmaputra Bridge at Pandu are some of the known achievements of the company.
Bharat Bhari Udyog Nigam
Bharat Bhari Udyog Nigam (BBUNL) was a Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) of the Government of India, being established in 1986 as a Public Sector Holding Company under the administrative control of the Department of Heavy Industry and Public Enterprises, Government of India. In 1987 BBJ was nationalised, becoming a subsidiary of BBUNL. BBUNL became the holding company for four eastern Indian engineering companies:
Burn Standard Company (Under Liquidation): With over two centuries of engineering expertise, Burn Standard & Co Ltd was a diversified company manufacturing Railway wagons & Track Equipment, Refractories, Castings & Forgings, Offshore Oil Platforms, Bridges & Steel Structurals, Steel Plant Equipment etc.
Braithwaite & Co. Ltd.: starting with the fabrication of heavy steel structurals, it also manufactures a large variety of railway freight wagons including special-purpose wagons, tank wagons, bogies, cranes for ports & dockyards and jute machinery.
Bharat Wagon and Engineering (Under Liquidation): manufactured a wide range of Freight Wagons, Steel Structurals for Road & Rail Bridges, Tanks for Refineries and Fuel Stations, Rollers for Sugar Mills, Transmission Towers etc.
Braithwaite, Burn & Jessop Construction Company: best known for bridge building. Starting from Calcutta's famous Howrah Bridge to the present - Vidyasagar Setu - one of Asia's largest Cable Stayed Bridge - BBJ & Construction Co Ltd has been involved in the design and construction of many varieties of Bridges in India. Also the expertise available is utilised for Repairs & Restoration of Bridges destroyed by nature's fury.
The group engaged in the design, manufacture, supply, erection and commissioning of a wide range of Capital Goods and Turnkey Projects required by the Core Sector Industries such as Railways, Ports, Coal Mines, Power, Petroleum and Oil, together with Construction of Highways & Flyovers. It had an annual turnover of around US Dollar 100 million and having a total fabrication capacity of 24,000 MT per annum, employing about 3,372 skilled personnel, BBUNL group companies have been involved in most of the projects of national importance. Stepping up exports, BBUNL group today has a diverse export profile, spread around forty countries worldwide.
The administrative control of M/s Bharat Wagon & Engg Co Ltd (BWEL), Patna, a central PSE and subsidiary of Bharat Bhari Udyog Nigam Ltd (BBUNL) was transferred from the Department of Heavy Industry, Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises to the Ministry of Railways w.e.f 13 August 2008 (AN).
BBUNL reported aggregated revenues of during fiscal 2006
BBJ is also involved in installation of major steel plants, thermal power stations, oil refineries, fertilizer projects. BBJ has also undertaken restoration of damaged bridges, industrial structures and civil construction of major commercial and administrative buildings.
With effect from 10 July 2015, BBJ merged into BBUNL; then, on 18 November 2015 BBUNL changed its name to "The Braithwaite Burn and Jessop Construction Company Limited".
References
Citations
Sources
Financial Statement 2013 - 2014
Financial Statement 2012 - 2013
Financial Statement 2011 - 2012
See also
Howrah Bridge
Vidyasagar Setu
External links
Company website
BBUNL website
DHI, Govt. of India website
Government-owned companies of India
Construction and civil engineering companies of India
Companies based in Kolkata
Companies nationalised by the Government of India
Engineering companies of India
Indian companies established in 1935
Construction and civil engineering companies established in 1935
Indian companies established in 1987
The NASCAR Strictly Stock Series inaugural race was the first stock car race sanctioned by the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR). Held on June 19, 1949 at the Charlotte Speedway in Charlotte, North Carolina, the race comprised 200 laps on a dirt oval. Bob Flock won the pole position for the race with a top speed of . Glenn Dunaway initially claimed the victory in his 1947 Ford, but was later disqualified because his car had spread rear springs. The win was instead awarded to Jim Roper, driver of a 1949 Lincoln.
Race organization
The race was run on the same day as competitor NSCRA, operated by NASCAR founder Bill France, Sr.'s rival Bruton Smith, held a race in Atlanta. In an attempt to attract drivers from the opposing series, France offered prize money totaling $5,000, with $2,000 going to the race winner. Attendance for the race totaled approximately 13,000, with Houston Lawing, NASCAR's publicity director, stating that over 5,000 fans were not allowed into the stands because the grandstands could not accommodate them. As a result, spectators crossed the track into the infield to watch the race, and state police had to appear to control them.
Race
Pole position was held by Bob Flock, who led for the first five laps before his engine malfunctioned, and Bill Blair took the lead, which he held for 145 laps until Jim Roper took the lead on lap 151. In the end, Glenn Dunaway won, but officials had expressed suspicion over Dunaway's car remaining steady while entering the rugged turns, and it was eventually discovered that car owner Hubert Westmoreland had spread the car's rear springs, a method commonly used by bootleggers to improve handling. Roper, who had finished three laps down, was given the victory, while Dunaway was scored as finishing last. Fonty Flock, Red Byron, Sam Rice and Tim Flock closed out the top five, while the top ten consisted of Archie Smith, Sterling Long, Slick Smith, Curtis Turner and Jimmy Thompson. Westmoreland then sued NASCAR for $10,000, but lost after judge Johnson Jay Hayes tossed it out of court.
Results
References
Strictly Stock Series Race 1
NASCAR Strictly Stock Series Race 1
NASCAR Strictly Stock Series Race 1
NASCAR races at Charlotte Speedway
1949 NASCAR Strictly Stock Series
Mario Brescia Cafferata (September 25, 1929 – May 16, 2013) was a Peruvian billionaire businessman. He was the co-chairman of Grupo Breca, a conglomerate founded by his father, and the president of BBVA Continental, a Peruvian bank.
Early life
Mario Brescia Cafferata was born on September 25, 1929. His father, Fortunato Brescia Tassano, was an Italian-born real estate investor who founded Grupo Breca. He had a brother, Pedro Brescia Cafferata, and two sisters, Ana Maria Brescia Cafferata and Rosa Brescia Cafferata.
Career
Brescia Cafferata managed Grupo Breca with his brother, Pedro Brescia Cafferata. He succeeded his brother as the president of BBVA Continental. Brescia Cafferata was the world's 831st the richest person, with an estimated wealth of $1.8 billion in 2013.
Death and legacy
Brescia Cafferata died on May 16, 2013. His estate was inherited by his sons.
References
1929 births
2013 deaths
Peruvian people of Italian descent
Peruvian billionaires
20th-century Peruvian businesspeople
Peruvian bankers
Brescia family
Time is a 2002 studio album by South African jazz trumpeter, Hugh Masekela. The album was recorded in Johannesburg, South Africa, and released via Sony and Columbia labels.
Reception
Chris Nickson of AllMusic wrote: "From South African gospel to the slightly rougher feel of mbaqanga, and even the more contemporary kwaito (South Africa's disco-fied version of hip-hop) on 'Old People, Young Folks,' this album keeps its feet on the ground at home. About the only thing missing is that Masekela focuses more on his gritty, warm vocals, rather than his excellent trumpet playing. But he seems happy enough with that, and the sense of jubilation surrounding the disc glows peacefully."
Awards
Time won Masekela the South African Music Award in the best producer (together with other producers) and best male artist nominations.
Track listing
References
External links
2002 albums
Hugh Masekela albums
Columbia Records albums
Whispering Footsteps is a 1943 American film noir crime film directed by Howard Bretherton and starring John Hubbard, Rita Quigley, and Joan Blair.
Premise
A bank clerk's life becomes a nightmare because he fits the description of a maniac killer.
Cast
John Hubbard as Marcus Aurelius 'Mark' Borne
Rita Quigley as Brook Hammond
Joan Blair as Helene LaSalle
Charles Halton as Harry Hammond
Cy Kendall as Detective Brad Dolan
Juanita Quigley as Rose Murphy
Mary Gordon as Ma Murphy
William Benedict as Jerry Murphy
Matt McHugh as Cy Walsh, boarder
Marie Blake as Sally Lukens, boarder
Reception
TV Guide wrote of the film, "A compelling crime thriller which keeps one guessing until the end."
References
External links
1943 films
1943 crime drama films
1940s serial killer films
American crime thriller films
American black-and-white films
Film noir
Republic Pictures films
American crime drama films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
My Favorite Things may refer to:
"My Favorite Things" (song), from the 1959 musical The Sound of Music
My Favorite Things (John Coltrane album), 1961
My Favorite Things (Dave Brubeck album), 1965
My Favorite Things (Shiori Takei album), 2004
My Favorite Things (Joey Alexander album), 2015
My Favorite Things: Coltrane at Newport, a 2007 album
"My Favorite Things" (Barney & Friends), a television episode
See also
"Favourite Things", a 2003 single by Big Brovaz
Steven Smith (born April 4, 1963) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played for the Philadelphia Flyers and Buffalo Sabres in 17 National Hockey League (NHL) games.
Playing career
Smith was drafted 16th overall in the 1st round of 1981 NHL Entry Draft by the Philadelphia Flyers, from the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds. He played his first eight NHL games in November 1981, which was ultimately the most games he played in any of his five NHL seasons. Despite being drafted in the first round and being regarded as a highly rated prospect, Smith was unable to parlay his talent into an NHL career and played most of his professional career in the minors. After winning the Calder Cup as a member of the Hershey Bears in 1987–88, Smith left the Flyers organization in the off-season and signed with the Calgary Flames. Before playing any games with his new team he was claimed by the Buffalo Sabres in the NHL Waiver Draft and saw his last NHL action early in the 1988–89 season.
Career statistics
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Belleville Bulls players
Brunico SG players
Buffalo Sabres players
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
EK Zell am See players
Hershey Bears players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
National Hockey League first round draft picks
People from Quinte West
Peterborough Petes (ice hockey) players
Philadelphia Flyers draft picks
Philadelphia Flyers players
Rochester Americans players
Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds players
Springfield Indians players
The Timor friarbird or plain friarbird, (Philemon inornatus), is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is found on Timor island.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
References
Timor friarbird
Birds of Timor
Timor friarbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lenora Beatrice Sparkes (1878 - June 8, 1969) was a British-American mezzo-soprano who performed at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City in the 1910s.
Biography
She was born in 1878 in Gloucestershire, England to Jacob Sparkes and Elizabeth Mountain. Andreas Dippel heard her sing at Covent Garden and offered her a contract at the Metropolitan Opera in 1908.
She appeared in the American premiere of Boris Godunov at the Metropolitan Opera as Tsarevna Xenia Borisovna of Russia on March 19, 1913 with Arturo Toscanini conducting.
She sang with Enrico Caruso three times, including in the Met's production of Aida in 1913. Her career was primarily spent in London and New York, but she also sang in Paris.
She died in Erie, Pennsylvania aged 90.
References
1883 births
American operatic mezzo-sopranos
1969 deaths
British mezzo-sopranos
20th-century British women opera singers
British emigrants to the United States
Musicians from Gloucestershire
20th-century American women opera singers
Rana Muhammad Farooq Saeed Khan is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013. He had been a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from 1993 to 1996.
Political career
He ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) from Constituency PP-49 (Faisalabad-VII) in 1988 but was unsuccessful. He received 2,263 votes and lost the seat to an independent candidate, Mazhar Ali Gill.
He ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Democratic Alliance (PDA) from Constituency PP-49 (Faisalabad-VII) in 1990 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 17,560 votes and lost the seat to Mazhar Ali Gill, a candidate of Islami Jamhoori Ittehad (IJI).
He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of PPP from Constituency PP-49 (Faisalabad-VII) in 1993 Pakistani general election. He received 31,162 votes and defeated Mazhar Ali Gill, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N).
He ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of PPP from Constituency PP-49 (Faisalabad-VII) in 1997 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 16,079 votes and lost the seat to Mazhar Ali Gill, a candidate of PML-N.
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-79 (Faisalabad-V) as a candidate of PPP in 2002 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 56,773 votes and lost the seat to Safdar Shaker, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
He was elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-79 (Faisalabad-V) as an independent candidate in 2008 Pakistani general election after which he re-joined PPP. He received 58,563 votes and defeated Safdar Shakir, a candidate of PML-Q. In the same election, he was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as an independent candidate from Constituency PP-59 (Faisalabad-IX). He received 35,575 votes and defeated Arif Mahmood Gill. He vacated the Punjab Assembly seat. In November 2008, he was inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was appointed as Federal Minister for Textile Industry where he continued to serve until February 2011. From April 2012 to June 2012, he served as Federal Minister for Climate Change. In June 2012, he was inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf and was appointed as Federal Minister for Climate Change where he continued to serve until March 2013.
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly as a candidate of PPP from Constituency NA-79 (Faisalabad-V) in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 21,716 votes and lost the seat to Chaudhry Shehbaz Babar. In the same election, he ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of PPP from Constituency PP-59 (Faisalabad-IX) but was unsuccessful. He received 12,376 votes and lost the seat to Arif Mahmood Gill.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Punjab MPAs 1993–1996
Year of birth missing (living people)
Idan () is a moshav in southern Israel. Located in the Arabah valley, it falls under the jurisdiction of the Central Arava Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
Moshav Idan was founded in 1980 by immigrants from Canada, the United States, and South Africa, who had organized in 1976. It takes its name from the nearby Idan Stream, which was in turn named after the Arab name for the stream, Wadi al-Aidan. In 2005, it had a population of 150. After the Israel–Jordan peace treaty, some of the lands of Idan were handed over to Jordan.
Peace road
Between Idan and Hatzeva is a service road, called Peace Road. The Jewish National Fund paved the Peace Route, along the border between Israel and Jordan, for the benefit of central Arava inhabitants, following the Israel-Jordan Peace Treaty of 1994. The road runs along the foot of the Arava Cliffs, opposite the Edom Mountains, and is surrounded by agricultural fields and sandy expanses. A picnic area, lookouts and a trail have been built along the way. The road allows easy access to the eastern part of the Shezaf Nature Reserve.
References
American-Jewish culture in Israel
Canadian-Jewish culture in Israel
Moshavim
Central Arava Regional Council
Populated places in Southern District (Israel)
South African-Jewish culture in Israel
Populated places established in 1980
1980 establishments in Israel
North American-Jewish diaspora
Uda is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of sixteen villages: Bădulești, Bărănești, Braniștea, Chirițești, Cotu, Dealu Bisericii, Dealu Tolcesii, Diconești, Gorani, Greabăn, Lungulești, Miercani, Râjlețu-Govora, Romana, Săliștea and Uda.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Davide Squillace (born 6 December 1977) is a DJ and producer from Italy, and the founder of several record labels.
Early life
Born in Siena, Italy, his family moved back to its home town, Naples, just after his birth. In Naples he developed a genuine interest in electronic music, thanks to the famous local scene. After finishing school, in 1995, he went to London, where he lived for three years. In London he was fascinated by the British scene and he began buying the first music equipments to produce techno music and managed to have his first record published by Primate Records. Soon other labels got interested in his work and he published more EPs with Audio and Contrast. In 1999 he went back to Naples, where he began studying at the local school of sound engineering, graduating in two years. During these years he did not publish lot of music, but he focused on studying and working in the neapolitan techno clubs where he became very famous alongside Marco Carola and Rino Cerrone.
Career
In 2004 Davide left Naples for Barcelona. In the following years he released Ep's for labels such as, Ovum, Sci+Tec, Morris Audio, Resopal Schallware, Supernature, CMYK, Adagio, Viva, Nervous, Saved, Shake, Rillis.
These releases led to appearances at venues such as Circoloco, where he has been a resident since 2007, Coachella, Sónar, Womb, Berghain and many more.
He also created several labels, releasing his own music, but also from other artists: Sketch, Minisketch, Vir, 500, Titbit and Hideout. His side project, Better Lost Than Stupid sees Davide collaborate with fellow revered DJ's: Martin Buttrich and Matthias Tanzmann.
Selected discography
High Endurance E.P. (10", EP, Pur) Primate Recordings 1998
Organik (12") Cloned Vinyl 1998
Fried Mix EP (12", EP) Design Music 1999
Liquid Brain E.P. (12", EP) Conform, Conform 1999
Mounths Mood EP (12") Fine Audio Recordings 1999
01 (12") Sketch Music Architecture 2001
02 (12") Sketch Music Architecture 2001
Appendix B (12") Southsoul Appendix 2001
Yukiko EP (12") Sketch Music Architecture 2001
03 (12") Sketch Music Architecture 2002
04 (12") Sketch Music Architecture 2002
Shake Records Ref.01 (12") Shake Records 2002
Smack (12") Definition Records 2002
05 (12") Sketch Music Architecture 2003
Controllin' Pieces (12") SuperBra 2003
Plastic Floor (12") Shake Records 2003
Southbound EP (12", EP) Analytic Trail 2003
Body League (12") Shake Records 2004
Childhood Heroes EP (12", EP) Genetic Recordings 2004
Hard Angel (12") Audiolove Music 2004
Ice On Graz (12") Sketch Music Architecture 2004
Massive Storm (12") Orion Muzik 2004
4 Ever White (12") MiniSketch 2005
Get The Right Shuffle (12") Sketch Music Architecture 2005
Ipso Facto Day (12") Sketch Music Architecture 2005
Antigravitational / Realistic (12") Sketch Music Architecture 2006
Bike On The Rocks / Changing Guards (12") Kombination Research 2006
Make Me... (12", Promo, W/Lbl) MiniSketch 2006
Minisketch 3 (12") MiniSketch 2006
Panik Reinterpretation (12", Cle) Resopal Schallware 2006
Almond Eyes EP (12", EP) Ovum Recordings 2007
Rosso Pomodoro (12") Cmyk Musik 2007
It's All About Toe (12") Adagio 2008
Westside Story (with Luca Bachetti) (12") Hideout 2009
Cherry On the Cake (with Andrea Ferlin) (10") M500 2009
One Lobster, Please (with Michele Tabucchi) (12") SCI + TEC Digital Audio 2009
Black Cabbage Soup EP (12") Supernature 2009
What About The Vice (12") Desolat 2009
Pigwings (with Phutura) (12") Titbit 2010
Around The Bay (with Luca Bachetti) (12") Hideout 2010
Tutti Frutti (12") Hideout 2010
That Ginger Ponytail (with Guti) (12") Hideout 2010
Crocodile Tears (12") Hideout 2011
Manifesto (12") This and That 2012
Wild Things (with Philip Bader) (12") This and That 2012
The Other Side Of Hustler (with Guti) (12") This and That 2012
The Love Story Teller (12") Result 2012
Goiânia (12") Cadenza 2012
Gualicho (with Marcello Burlon) (12") This and That 2015
Once Upon a Time In Napoli (2 x LP) Crosstown Rebels 2018
References
Living people
Italian DJs
1977 births
Electronic dance music DJs
Jacob Kjær (1896–1957) was a Danish furniture designer and cabinetmaker.
Kjær received training as a cabinetmaker in the workshop of his father who was also a furniture maker. After completing his training in Berlin and Paris, he exhibited works at the Barcelona World Exhibition in 1929. Characterized by simplicity, his designs drew on the finest materials which, unusually for his day, he crafted himself. Inspired by classical English Style, his clean, graceful designs are modern in interpretation. He did much to enhance the reputation of the Danish furniture industry as president of the Cabinetmakers Guild from 1952 to 1957 and of the Arts and Crafts Committee for Exports from 1944 to 1957.
One of his most notable works is the FN Chair designed for use at the United Nations Building in New York City. Kjær first made the chair in his own studio while production was initially handled by Christensen & Larsen. Today the chair is produced by Kitani in Japan who manufacture several of Kjær's designs.
See also
Danish modern
Danish design
References
Danish furniture designers
1896 births
1957 deaths
Designers from Copenhagen
Danish modern
The Mosquito or Mosquito alarm is a machine used to deter loitering by emitting sound at high frequency. In some versions, it is intentionally tuned to be heard primarily by younger people. The devices have attracted controversy on the basis of human rights and discrimination concerns.
Nicknamed "Mosquito" for the buzzing sound it plays, the device is marketed as a safety and security tool for preventing youths from congregating in specific areas. As such, it is promoted to reduce anti-social behaviour, such as loitering, vandalism, drug use, drug distribution, and violence. In the UK, over 3,000 have been sold, mainly for use outside shops and near transport hubs. The device is also sold in Australia, France, Denmark, Italy, Spain, Germany, Switzerland, Canada and the USA.
Critics say that it discriminates against young people and infringes their human rights, while supporters argue that making the Mosquito illegal would infringe the rights of shopkeepers who suffer business losses when "unruly teenagers" drive away their customers. Mosquito distributors have said that they keep standards to ensure that the device is not abused, and Howard Stapleton who invented the device has asked European governments to legislate guidelines governing its use.
The latest version of the device, launched late in 2008, has two frequency settings, one of approximately 17.4 kHz that can generally be heard only by young people, and another at 8 kHz that can be heard by most people. The maximum potential output sound pressure level is stated by the manufacturer to be 108 decibels (dB), and the manufacturer's product specification furthermore states that the sound can typically be heard by people below 25 years of age. The ability to hear high frequencies deteriorates in most humans with age (a condition known as presbycusis), typically observable by the age of 18.
History
The Mosquito machine was invented and patented by Howard Stapleton in 2005, and was originally tested in Barry, South Wales, where it was successful in reducing teenagers loitering near a grocery store. The idea was born after he was irritated by a factory noise when he was a child. The push to create the product was when Stapleton's 17-year-old daughter went to the store to buy milk and was harassed by a group of 12 to 15-year-olds. Using his children as test subjects, he determined the frequency of "The Mosquito".
The Mosquito was released to the mainstream market in 2005, through Stapleton's company Compound Security Solutions. The current device has two settings: the high frequency sound targeted at youth, and another that can be heard by everyone. The range of the sound is with the sound baffle, and without. It requires a 24-volt DC or 15-volt AC power supply.
A device installed in a Spar shop in Caerleon Road in Newport, South Wales was banned after three months by the Newport Community Safety Partnership, a partnership set up to meet the requirements of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998, with members including Newport City Council, Gwent Police, Newport Local Health Board, South Wales Fire Service, representatives of Customs and Excise, and the Welsh Assembly Government. Despite the ban, another Spar shop in Newport installed the device. A Newport Community Safety Partnership spokesman said: "Any view expressed by the Partnership does not stop any business or private company from purchasing these devices. They must ensure these systems comply with the law."
In February 2008, in response to a national campaign launched by the Children's Commissioner for England, Liberty, and the National Youth Agency, the government issued a statement insisting that "'Mosquito alarms are not banned and the government has no plans to ban them".
Teen Buzz ringtone
The sound was made into a mobile phone ringtone, which could not be heard by teachers if the phone rang during a class. Mobile phone speakers are capable of producing frequencies above 20 kHz. This ringtone became informally known as "Teen Buzz" or "the Mosquito ringtone" and has since been sold commercially.
Awards
The Mosquito won the satirical Ig Nobel for "Peace" in 2006. The Ig Nobels celebrate the quirkier side of serious scientific endeavour, honouring "achievements that first make people laugh, and then make them think".
Health effects
The German Federal Institute for Occupational Safety and Health stated in a report on The Mosquito, entitled "Use of ultrasonic noise channels not entirely safe":
In a United Kingdom survey of the relevant studies of adults exposed to high frequency sound in an occupational context for the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) in 2001, it was concluded that the studies were inadequate to establish guidelines for safe exposure. The Mosquito's manufacturer relies on these inconclusive adult studies to justify the safety of the device.
The National Autistic Society said in 2008 that it was "extremely concerned" about possible harmful effects of the devices upon people with autism. Since autism causes auditory hypersensitivity, individuals with this disability can have more intense reactions to this sound, especially if they are also under 25. Since autism can also affect communication skills, some individuals may not be able to communicate their discomfort to caregivers. A supermarket in Longridge, England, removed a mosquito device in 2008 after a campaign by a 19-year-old Paul Brookfield, who has autism. Brookfield stated that the device was causing him pain due to his hypersensitivity.
Other disabilities and conditions may be exacerbated by the device. In March 2009, a child who had recently undergone ear surgery reported that the device set off her tinnitus, causing significant pain.
Reception
Support
The Mosquito has received support and endorsements from municipalities, school districts, property management companies, convenience stores and other organisations. Rochdale Safer Communities Partnership said the borough was committed to the continued use of the Mosquito:
"We feel totally justified in deploying Mosquito devices in the borough of Rochdale to give the community respite in cases of acute anti-social behaviour and youth nuisance," she said. "We use the devices when there are large groups of young people making life a problem for residents and businesses, as we are very keen not to let problems of anti-social behaviour escalate."
The Association of Convenience Stores (ACS) also supports the usage of the device, and so does British Retail Consortium (BRC), stating that "Not all young people are involved in violence, but given that some retail staff are facing a level of insolence [from teenagers] they have to have the option of doing what they can to protect themselves. They are entitled to discourage threatening groups from hanging around or in their shops."
At the Maple Ridge, Pitt Meadows and Vancouver west side school districts in British Columbia, Canada, the device has been credited with lowering exterior vandalism at one school by about 40%.
Opposition
Opposition categorises it as an indiscriminate sonic weapon which succeeds only in demonising children and young people and may breach their human rights. The National Youth Rights Association has met with some success fighting the devices in the United States.
A UK campaign called "Buzz off" is calling for The Mosquito to be banned. Shami Chakrabarti, director of Liberty, has claimed that the sound is "untested [and] unregulated" and that it can be a "sonic weapon directed against children and young people." Albert Aynsley-Green, the former Children's Commissioner for England, criticised the devices for indiscriminately targeting all children and babies regardless of their behaviour. He described such measures as "demonising children and young people", and creating a "dangerous and widening divide" between the young and the old.
The device was singled out for criticism in a joint report by children's commissioners for all parts of the UK, which formed part of a United Nations review of standards in the UK. A report for the Council of Europe called for a ban in 2010, suggesting use of the Mosquito may breach human rights law.
In January 2011, the device was banned on all Council and Partnership buildings in Sheffield following a successful campaign led by the then Member of UK Youth Parliament for Sheffield, Harrison Carter. Sheffield is the largest city in the country with such a ban in place. It was recognised by the UK Government in their Positive For Youth document, published by the Department for Education in January 2012. This strategy paper acts to set out a new-approach to cross government policy for young people aged 13–19. Although mentioned in the document, a national ban of the mosquito device was not in the Coalition Agreement, and is not part of current Government policy.
In July 2014, a new campaign was started in order to get a mosquito device removed from the public library in Milford Haven, Pembrokeshire, and is ongoing.
In 2016, a shopping centre in Queensland, Australia removed the device after two years of campaigning by a local lawyer, due to it discriminating against young people. It had been installed in the centre for 10 years.
Legal status
Campaigners and authorities in many countries have stated that they believe the device to breach human rights and may even constitute assault. Liberty has expressed concern that the device may violate sections 8 and 14 of the European Convention on Human Rights, and the United Kingdom's Human Rights Act 1998.
The Committee on Culture, Science and Education of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe prepared a report stating that this device violates many articles of both the European Convention on Human Rights and the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child, and should be banned in Europe, because it is often "painful" and causes "degrading and discriminatory consequences for young people". In September 2008, Baroness Sarah Ludford MEP moved a motion to the European Parliament to ban the use of the Mosquito. It failed to get enough signatures from MEPs to proceed to a full debate.
In Belgium, a resolution was passed by the House in June 2008 asking the government to take all necessary measures to prohibit the use of devices like the Mosquito on Belgian territory. The legality of the device has also been tested in the French courts, where the Tribunal de Grande Instance de Saint-Brieuc prohibited the use of the Mosquito within its municipality, and ordered a private individual to pay €2,000 compensation after operating the device outside their house.
Under Ireland's Non-Fatal Offences Against the Person Act, 1997, anyone who "directly or indirectly applies force to or causes an impact on the body of another... without the consent of the other" (force including "application of [any] form of energy"), is guilty of committing assault. This issue has been raised in relation to the Mosquito device by Ireland's Ombudsman for Children following legal advice provided by Youth Work Ireland, but has yet to be tested in the Irish courts.
In the United Kingdom, the manufacturers claim that the tones are broadcast at 75 dB, meaning that the product falls within the government's auditory-safety limits, although the German news source Heise reported the device emits 85 dB, and websites selling the Mosquito claim it can go up to 95 dB with a special chip, which in reality allows the Mosquito to reach 104 dB. The government of the United Kingdom issued a statement in 2008 stating that "'Mosquito alarms are not banned and the government has no plans to ban them". The English county of Kent has chosen not to allow the usage of the Mosquito on council-owned buildings.
See also
Acoustic deterrent
Presbycusis, the age-related hearing loss
Hearing range
Absolute threshold of hearing
Tinnitus
Hostile design
References
External links
Facebook group for Milford Haven Campaign
Petition for Milford Haven campaign
The Mosquito Device
BBC article discussing its use in Wales
NPR article with an mp3 download of the tone
Crime prevention
Discrimination
Noise
Torture
Youth rights
Pulp City is a superhero tabletop miniatures game created by Pulp Monsters, set in the 1980s in a fictional location called Pulp City, which is located on the West Coast of the US. Pulp City is skirmish game for anywhere from 3+ Supremes per Team (recommended). Players use a system of Action Points to regulate use of Actions when models are Activated. Activations usually alternate between players, although specific special abilities allow interruptions to this sequence.
Two or more players choose Teams and fight out Encounters in the streets of Pulp City. Teams are selected from the two available Factions (Heroes or Villains; some characters belong to both Factions), and within these Factions there are Sub-factions representing established Teams of Supremes. Sub-factions allow various bonuses through Actions, Skills and Team Powers. Sub-factions can generally readily mix within any Team selection.
A Team comprises a number of Supremes as determined by the designated Encounter Level (as agreed between the players involved), and these Supremes are supported by Minions (a type of Resource) and can use Resources to add extra bonuses, benefits and Actions.
The abilities of individual Supremes are defined by Traits, Skills, Actions and Team Powers.
The rules were originally available as a free download and since November 2010 a print version (Pulp City Guide) became available.
Gameplay
Like other tabletop wargames, players assemble (and paint) a combat force (Team) of several miniatures. As a skirmish wargame, only a relatively small number of miniatures are actually required to play, and the number of miniatures used is determined by an agreed-upon Encounter Level.
Players take turns to Activate models during the course of a Round. When a model is activated, Action Points (AP) are spent to carry out Exclusive Actions (unique to that model/Supreme) or Universal Actions.
The game resolves most Actions, and therefore effects, through an Opposed Roll. When making an Opposed Roll, both players roll d6 and add the relevant Trait. This roll can be further modified by using a Trump Roll (roll 2d6, and choosing the best for the Opposed Roll total), and/or by using a Power-Up die (costs 1 AP, uses one of a limited pool of Power-Up dice and adds d3 to the total).
Rules and sourcebooks
Pulp City Guide, core rules and background (Pulp Monsters, 2010).
References
External links
Pulp City home-page
Review on Board Game Geek
Miniature games
Cape Tennyson () is a rock cape on the north coast of Ross Island, about 25 nautical miles (46 km) southeast of Cape Bird. Discovered in February 1900 by the British Antarctic Expedition (1898–1900) under Carsten Borchgrevink, and named by him for English poet Alfred Tennyson.
Headlands of Ross Island
Alfred, Lord Tennyson
Damien LeRoy, sometimes known professionally as DJ Ammo (also simply as Ammo), is an American disc jockey and music producer from Los Angeles, California. He has co-produced "The Time (Dirty Bit)" along with three other songs from The Black Eyed Peas' sixth studio album, The Beginning, and "4th of July (Fireworks)" by Kelis. DJ Ammo produced the song "Touch the Sky" by Sean Paul, which was included in his fifth studio album, Tomahawk Technique. He also co-wrote and co-produced the song "Tik Tik Boom" by Britney Spears for her eighth studio album, Britney Jean.
Early life
Hip-hop led the fledgling producer behind the board for the very first time. In junior high, he began making his own beats, while religiously attending professional acting school and spending time on the sets of stepfather's films. As a teenager, he assumed the moniker DJ Ammo and officially hit the clubs. Whilst doing this, he eventually met Black Eyed Peas. Organically, he became friends with will.i.am and apl.de.ap, leading to his very first remix. They invited him on the World Tour in 2009 as a DJ and producer for Black Eyed Peas, and Ammo spent the next 5 years performing in front of packed arenas and festivals all around the world.
Later life
In 2010, will.i.am tapped Ammo to handle the production of six tacks on the Black Eyed Peas album The Beginning, including the chart-topping singles "The Time (Dirty Bit)" "Don't Stop the Party" and “ Just Can't Get Enough. From there, he went on to produce and remix high-profile tracks for everyone from Nicki Minaj Sean Paul, Lil' Jon to LMFAO, Peaches and Dragonette. At the same time, he started writing tracks of his own. His edgy approach to EDM encompassed a sexy rave power, while delicately infusing pop palatability.
In 2013, he produced 3 songs on the new will.i.am #willpower album including the single #thatPOWER featuring Justin Bieber. Among his own singles, Damien Leroy's unleashed the distorted flurry "Party Police” Feat. Chebacca. Live, he's performed in various clubs around the world as well as at Electric Daisy Carnival (EDC) 2012 alongside some of the titans of the genre.
In 2017, he produced 2 singles on Fergie's Double Dutchess Album. "There's a lot of crossover," he says in an interview. "I'm heavily evolved in the underground world. When I do things in pop, I try to take those influences and filter them through the mainstream. I like existing in the indie and commercial realms simultaneously.” He continues, “I'm always trying to push the borders and pioneer something new, I want to come up with something fresh that hasn't been done yet.
Discography
As featured artist
References
External links
Official website
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Songwriters from California
American hip hop record producers
Musicians from Baltimore
The Seventh Australian Recording Industry Association Music Awards (generally known as the ARIA Music Awards or simply The ARIAS) was held on 14 April 1993 at the Entertainment Centre in Sydney. Host, Richard Wilkins, was assisted by presenters, James Reyne, Elle Macpherson, Billy Birmingham, Tim Finn, Neil Finn, Daryl Somers and others, to distribute 24 awards. There were live performances and the awards were televised.
In addition to previous categories, a Special Achievement Award was presented to former Countdown host and music commentator Molly Meldrum who provided one of the longest acceptance speeches in ARIA history. The ARIA Hall of Fame inducted: Peter Allen and Cold Chisel.
Ceremony details
Former Countdown host and music commentator Molly Meldrum provided one of the longest speeches in ARIA history upon accepting his Special Achievement Award. At the 1991 ceremony Gary Morris, manager for Midnight Oil, had provided a 20-minute acceptance speech. Meldrum had publicly disapproved of Morris' speech both its content and excessive length—they had also had a shouting match at the ARIAs in 1988. Music journalist, Anthony O'Grady, described Meldrum's 1993 speech, "[he] reeled off some 50 names starting with Ronnie Burns and Ronnie's Aunt Edna [Edna is Burns' mother], ending with a dedication to his adopted son Morgan. The speech contained a classic line describing his time as a mimer in Kommotion: 'I can't mime and I can't talk properly yet'."
Presenters and performers
The ARIA Awards ceremony was hosted by TV personality Richard Wilkins. Presenters and performers were:
Awards
Nominees for most awards are shown, in plain, with winners in bold.
ARIA Awards
Album of the Year
Diesel – Hepfidelity
Hunters & Collectors – Cut
Ed Kuepper – Black Ticket Day
Wendy Matthews – Lily
Rockmelons – Form 1 Planet
Single of the Year
Wendy Matthews – "The Day You Went Away"
Baby Animals – "One Word"
Crowded House – "Weather with You"
Diesel – "Tip of My Tongue"
Wedding Parties Anything – "Father's Day"
Highest Selling Album
Australian Cast Recording – Jesus Christ Superstar
Diesel – Hepfidelity
Rockmelons – Form 1 Planet
Noiseworks – The Greatest Hits
Wendy Matthews – Lily
Hoodoo Gurus – Electric Soup/Gorilla Biscuit
Highest Selling Single
Wendy Matthews – "The Day You Went Away"
Euphoria – "One in a Million"
John Paul Young – "Love Is in the Air"
Frente! – "Accidently Kelly Street"
Girlfriend – "Take It From Me"
Kate Ceberano, Jon Stevens, John Farnham (cast of Jesus Christ Superstar) – "Everything's Alright"
Best Group
Crowded House – "Weather with You"
Baby Animals – "One Word"
The Black Sorrows – Better Times
The Cruel Sea – This Is Not the Way Home
INXS – Welcome to Wherever You Are
Best Female Artist
Wendy Matthews – Lily
Kate Ceberano – "I Don't Know How to Love Him"
Deborah Conway – "Release Me"
Deni Hines – "That Word (L.O.V.E.)"
Margaret Urlich – Chameleon Dreams
Best Male Artist
Diesel – Hepfidelity
Jimmy Barnes – "Ain't No Mountain High Enough"
Paul Kelly – Paul Kelly Live
Jon Stevens – "Superstar"
Chris Wilson – Landlocked
Best New Talent
Things of Stone and Wood – Share This Wine
Caligula – Caligula (EP)
Girlfriend – Make It Come True
Rick Price – "Not a Day Goes By"
Tiddas – Inside My Kitchen
Breakthrough Artist – Album
Frente! – Marvin the Album
Company of Strangers – Company of Strangers
The Dukes – Harbour City
Rick Price – Heaven Knows
Chris Wilson – Landlocked
Breakthrough Artist – Single
Frente! – "Ordinary Angels"
Company of Strangers – "Motor City (I Get Lost)"
Rick Price – "Not a Day Goes By"
The Sharp – Talking Sly (EP)
Things of Stone and Wood – "Share This Wine"
Best Country Album
Lee Kernaghan – The Outback Club
James Blundell – This Road
Colin Buchanan – Hard Times
Keith Urban & Slim Dusty – "Lights on the Hill"
Brent Parlane – Brent Parlane
Best Independent Release
Ed Kuepper – Black Ticket Day
The Jackson Code – Strange Cargo
Def FX – Blink (EP)
Melanie Oxley & Chris Abrahams – Welcome to Violet
TISM – Beasts of Suburban
Best Indigenous Release
Yothu Yindi – "Djäpana (Sunset Dreaming)"
Kev Carmody – Street Beat
Coloured Stone – Inma Juju
Gondwanaland – Wide Skies
Tiddas – Inside My Kitchen
Best Adult Contemporary Album
Andrew Pendlebury – Don't Hold Back That Feeling
Marina Prior – Aspects of Andrew Lloyd Webber
Various – Stairways to Heaven
Various – Strictly Ballroom
Anthony Warlow – On the Boards
Best Comedy Release
Various – Stairways to Heaven
The 12th Man – Still the 12th Man
Agro – Agro Kids Dance Album
Andrew Denton & the Cast of Live & Sweaty – "I Don't Care As Long As We Beat New Zealand"
Norman Gunston featuring Effie – "Amigos Para Siempre"/"Venereal Girl (Tribute to Madonna)"
Fine Arts Awards
Best Jazz Album
Bernie McGann – Ugly Beauty
Judy Bailey – Notwithstanding
Paul Grabowsky – Tee Vee
Vince Jones – Future Girl
James Morrison & Ray Brown – Two the Max!
Best Classical Album
Australian Chamber Orchestra & Richard Tognetti – Janáček: Kreutzer Sonata for Strings, Barber: Adagio for Strings, Walton: Sonata for Strings
The Brandenburg Orchestra – The Brandenburg Orchestra
West Australian Symphony Orchestra – The Transposed Heads
Geoffrey Lancaster – Mozart Sonatas for Fortepiano
Roger Woodward – The Music of Frédéric Chopin
Best Children's Album
ABC Symphony Orchestra – Classic Kids
Franciscus Henri – Walking on the Milky Way
Mike Jackson – Rufty Tufty
George Spartels – George from Play School
The Tin Lids – Snakes & Ladders
Best Original Soundtrack / Cast / Show Recording
John Clifford White – Romper Stomper
Australian Cast Recording – Jesus Christ Superstar
Ricky Fataar & Others – Spotswood
Paul Grabowsky – The Last Days of Chez Nous
Various – Strictly Ballroom
Nigel Westlake – Antarctica
Artisan Awards
Song of the Year
Mick Thomas – "Father's Day" – Weddings Parties Anything
Suze De Marchi (co-writer) – "One Word" – Baby Animals
Diesel (co-writer) – "Tip of My Tongue" – Diesel
Neil Finn, Tim Finn – "Weather With You" – Crowded House
Bryan Jones, Jonathan Jones, Raymond Medhurst (co-writers) – "That Word (L.O.V.E.)" – Rockmelons featuring Deni Hines
Producer of the Year
Simon Hussey – Daryl Braithwaite – "Nothing to Lose", Company of Strangers – "Daddy's Gonna Make You a Star", "Motor City (I Get Lost)", "Sweet Love"
David Hirschfelder – John Farnham, Kate Ceberano, Jon Stevens – "Everything's Alright", Kate Ceberano – "I Don't Know How to Love Him"
Joe Camilleri – Black Sorrows – "Ain't Love the Strangest Thing", "Better Times", "Come on, Come On" – The Revelators – "Caribbean Wind"
Rockmelons – "Form one Planet", "It's not Over"
Tony Cohen – The Cruel Sea – This Is Not the Way Home, TISM – "Get Thee to a Nunnery"
Engineer of the Year
Greg Henderson – Yothu Yindi – "Dharpa", "Tribal Voice"
Adrian Bolland – Margaret Urlich – "Boy in the Moon", "Cover to Cover"; – Teen Queens – "Can't Help Myself", "Love How You Love Me"
Doug Brady – 1927 – "Scars"; – Eve – "What a Lover"; – Lisa Edwards – "Cry", "So Dangerous"
Doug Roberts – Stephen Cummings – "Keep the Ball Rolling"
Niven Garland – INXS – "Baby Don't Cry", "Heaven Sent", "Taste It"
Best Video
Stephen Johnson – Yothu Yindi – "Djäpana"
Robbie Douglas-Turner – Frente! – "Ordinary Angels"
Paul Elliott – Boom Crash Opera – "Bettadaze"
Paul Goldman – Lisa Edwards – "Cry"
Chris Langman – The Sharp – Talking Sly (EP)
Best Cover Art
Paul McNeil, Richard All – Hoodoo Gurus – Electric Soup / Gorilla Biscuit
Angie Hart, Louise Beach – Frente! – Marvin the Album
Ian Martin, Adrienne Overall – Diesel – Hepfidelity
Midnight Oil, Neo One Design – Midnight Oil – Scream in Blue
Pascoe & Gray Design, Eryk Photography – The Black Sorrows – Better Times
Special Achievement Award
Ian "Molly" Meldrum
ARIA Hall of Fame inductees
The Hall of Fame inductees were:
Peter Allen
Cold Chisel
References
External links
ARIA Awards official website
List of 1993 winners
1993 music awards
1993 in Australian music
ARIA Music Awards
