The Ukrainian National Youth Competition () is Ukrainian organization of the Ukrainian Association of Football that conducts association football competitions among youth teams in four (4) age categories (under-14, U-15, U-16, and U-17) and originally consisted of two tiers the Supreme and the First Leagues. The Supreme Leagues consist out of four regional groups and the First have eight. In 2020 there was introduced the Elite League (top tier). The competition's oldest age group has the teenagers who are no older than 17 years old and the youngest - the teenagers no older than 14.
Along with the Professional Football League of Ukraine starting in 2016 the Youth League is also co-organizer of separate Under-19 competitions.
Composition
The league is composed of teams with players between ages under 14 through under 17. The league features teams of various association football and sports school and in addition to them each club of the Ukrainian Premier League is obligated to field four of its junior teams in the league.
Football academies of Premier league clubs
sports schools (Soviet children-youth sports school network, DUSSh)
sports schools of Olympic reserve (Soviet children-youth sports schools of Olympic reserve network, SDUShOR)
youth football clubs (Children-youth football clubs, DUFC)
colleges of physical culture (UFK)
colleges of Olympic reserve (UOR)
Competitions
The youth competitions started in 1998, yet the youth league was established not until 2001. In 2000 there was established a separate football competition among students of universities.
In 2002 the Professional Football League of Ukraine (PFL Ukraine) established experimental under-19 competitions among junior teams of the PFL clubs which however was discontinued four seasons later. With the PFL u-19 competitions ongoing in 2004, PFL Ukraine established separate competition among reserves (doubles) for club of the Top League (Vyshcha Liha), the precursor of the Ukrainian Premier League. The Top league teams that competed in the PFL u-19 competitions were moved to the new competitions. Introduction of the new Top League reserve competitions led to withdrawal of some reserve teams or the second teams (so called dvushki) that competed at Ukrainian Second League and in the way clearing the football "pyramid" of farm teams.
Earlier youth competition
List of the best finishers for youth competitions before establishment of the actual Ukrainian Youth Football League.
Ukrainian Youth Football League (Top League)
Top League winners
Teams under-17
Notes:
Teams under-16
Notes:
Teams under-15
Notes:
Teams under-14
Notes:
References
External links
Official webpage at the Football Federation of Ukraine website
Official website
Gold Talant (goldtalant.com.ua). Ukrainian football talents
Youth
Youth football in Ukraine
Ukrainian Association of Football
David Karlsson (25 March 1881 – 17 December 1946) was a Swedish wrestler. He competed in the heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
1881 births
1946 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Sweden
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Swedish male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Stockholm
William Morris (29 October 1869 – 4 November 1946) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played for club rugby for Llanelli and international rugby for Wales. He was the uncle of Welsh boxer Gipsy Daniels. He was the first of four players known as Bill Morris to represent Wales at rugby union.
Rugby career
Morris first played club rugby for local club Felinfoel, before switching to first class Welsh club Llanelli. As a member of Llanelli, Morris was first capped for Wales as an international player, facing Scotland as part of the 1896 Home Nations Championship. Morris came into a vastly changed pack to the one that faced England in the prior game, being one of five new forward caps. Included in the team were four Llanelli players; Morris, Cliff Bowen, Charles Nicholl and Jack Evans. Played at the Cardiff Arms Park, Wales beat Scotland by two tries to nil. The selectors kept faith with the team for the last game of the Championship, with the majority of the players returning for the game against Ireland. The aggressive Welsh forward play that was successful against Scotland, failed when faced by Ireland's kick-and-rush tactics and the team lost 4–8 at Lansdowne Road.
Morris would win one final cap for Wales, in the opening game of the 1897 Championship against England. After being humiliated by England in 1896, the changed forward tactics employing several 'Rhondda Forwards', saw a different result with Wales winning 11–0. Among the pack with Morris, was teammate Evans, the two players beginning and ending their international careers together. Morris may have been chosen for the next game, but Wales were forced to withdraw from the tournament after the outcome of the Gould Affair, and when Wales were readmitted in 1898, Morris was no longer part of the Welsh team.
International matches played
Wales
1897
1896
1896
Bibliography
Note
In 'Gone North – Volume 2', the 'Errata to (Gone North) Volume 1' section states that "Detailed research now indicates that Jere Blake and William Morris appear never to have signed for Salford or any other professional club although they do appear to have trialled for Northern Union clubs".
References
1869 births
1946 deaths
Felinfoel RFC players
Llanelli RFC players
Rugby union players from Llanelli
Rugby union forwards
Wales international rugby union players
Welsh rugby union players
Armet Davis Newlove Architects, formerly Armét & Davis, is a Californian architectural firm known for working in the Googie architecture style that marks many distinctive coffee shops and eateries in Southern California. The firm designed Pann's, the first Norms Restaurants location, the Holiday Bowl and many other iconic locations.
History
The architectural firm was formed by Louis Armét and Eldon Davis in 1947.
Victor Newlove joined the practice in 1963 and became a partner in 1972, changing the firm's name to Armét Davis Newlove Architects. According to the firm's website, it has designed over 4,000 buildings in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Indonesia.
Some of the firm's design hallmarks included radically vaulted roofing, a room-length dining counter and an outsized comet-shaped signage to beckon drivers from off the street. Armét & Davis have been referred to as "the Frank Lloyd Wright of '50s coffee shops." "According to critic Philip Langdon, Armét & Davis designs came to define 'coffee shop' for much of America." Their Holiday Bowl bowling alley served cultural, architectural, and recreational purposes for the Crenshaw district. The firm is said to have "defined '50s Googie architecture."
Pann's was designed by Helen Liu Fong, who joined the firm in 1951,
and included tropical landscaping. She also designed the Holiday Bowl, Johnie's Coffee Shop, and the original Norms Restaurant. On the 90th birthday of Eldon Davis, fans joined him for a meal at Norms and a tour of some of the buildings the firm designed. The firm also designed Schwab's drugstore on Sunset Boulevard.
Photographer Jack Laxer took stereoscopic photos of the firm's work, like the Holiday Bowl bowling alley on Crenshaw Boulevard (circa 1957) and Norms Restaurant on Slauson Avenue, using a Stereo Realist camera. Armét & Davis was one of his key clients. These slides were shown at California Science Center IMAX theater in November 2001, where the 3D-effect could be experienced by visitors using polarized glasses.
The firm also designed hotels, such as a Sheraton in Canada, a Lutheran church, animal shelter and schools.
L&B Manufacturing in Santa Monica produced seating for many of the coffee shops that were designed by Armét & Davis.
Buildings
Kerry's Coffee shop (now a Mel's Drive-In), Sherman Oaks (1947)
Romeo's Times Square / Johnie's Wilshire (1955)
Holly's / Hawthorne Grill (1956)
Falcon Coffee Shop, Hawthorne (1956)
Norms Restaurant, West Hollywood (1957)
Ship's Restaurant, La Cienega & Olympic Blvd, Los Angeles, CA (1950s)
Holiday Bowl, Crenshaw Blvd & W 38th St, Los Angeles, CA (demolished 2007) (1958)
Pann's Restaurant (1958)
Wich Stand, Wilshire (1958)
Conrad's (originally Donly's, then Conrad's, now Astro Family Restaurant), Silver Lake (1958)
Stanley Burke's (then Lamplighter, now Corky's), Sherman Oaks (1958)
Denny's, Van Nuys (1958)
The Steak House (restaurant & nightclub), 8622 S Western Ave, Los Angeles, CA (now a laundromat) (1959)
Penguin Coffee Shop (now Mel's Drive In), Santa Monica (1959)
Denny's, North Hollywood (1960)
Twain's Restaurant, Studio City (1960)
Hope International University, Fullerton
Sam's Cafe, Glendale
Glen Capri Motel, Glendale
Biff's Coffee Shop, Oakland (1963)
Prebles (later Sandi's Family Restaurant), Alhambra
Bob's Big Boy #23, Alhambra #34, Northridge, Bob's Big Boy #135 (Now Coco's), Mission Hills, #147 (now Coco's) Pasadena, #158, Glendale #181, Van Nuys (1980)
Lulu's Restaurant, Van Nuys
Norms #6, Hawthorne Boulevard; Norms #8, Slauson Ave., Huntington Park; Norms Restaurant, Long Beach
Ron-dee Coffee Shop, San Fernando (demolished 2004)
St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Redondo Beach
References
External links
Googie art website
Architecture firms based in California
Restaurant design
Googie architecture in California
Companies based in Santa Monica, California
Design companies established in 1947
1947 establishments in California
Architects from Los Angeles
Sphaerolobium minus, commonly known as globe-pea, is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae and is endemic to south-eastern Australia. It is an erect, rush-like, mostly leafless shrub with yellow and reddish flowers arranged in small groups along the stems.
Description
Sphaerolobium minus is an erect, rush-like shrub that typically grows to a height of up to about and has glabrous branchlets. It is mostly leafless, but when present, the leaves are scattered, linear to lance-shaped and about long. The flowers are arranged in small groups along the branches on a peduncle about long, each flower on a pedicel long with egg-shaped bracts, and bracteoles at the base of the sepals. The sepals are dark grey, long and joined at the base, with overlapping lobes, the two upper lobes forming a wedge-shaped "lip". The standard petal is broadly egg-shaped with a notched tip, long and yellow with reddish markings, the wings and keel about the same length as each other. Flowering occurs from September to December and the fruit is an inflated, spherical pod in diameter.
Taxonomy and naming
Sphaerolobium minus was first formally described in 1805 by Jacques Labillardière in hisNovae Hollandiae Plantarum Specimen. The specific epithet (minus) means "smaller".
Distribution and habitat
Globe-pea usually grows in wet heath, sometimes in the understorey of forest and is widely distributed along the coast and nearby ranges of south-east Queensland, eastern New South Wales, higher rainfall parts of southern Victoria, west to the Eyre Peninsula in South Australia and south to Tasmania.
References
minus
Eudicots of Western Australia
Plants described in 1805
Taxa named by Jacques Labillardière
Shuab ul Iman, (), is a Hadith book, and has been compiled by Imam Al-Bayhaqi (384 AH – 458 AH).
Description
It is one of the major collection of Hadiths compiled by Imam Behaqi besides his other major work in the field of Hadiths. According to Maktaba Shamila it contains almost eleven thousands (11000) Hadiths (narrations). This book describes branches of faith (Shuab ul Iman) and Imam basically has chosen the name of the book according to a Hadith of Prophet Mohammad in which he mentioned that there are more than seventy (70) branches of faith.
According to the book, Iman (faith) has three major branches as follows.
'Iman bil Qalb' (Testimony by Heart of all the Essentials of Iman): It refers to the states of one's ‘Qalb' (Heart) including the ‘Niyyah' (Intentions), ‘Aqayid' (Doctrines), and other deeds of the heart. This entirely depends upon a person's ‘Batin' (Hidden) states.
'Iman bil Lisan' (Testimony by Tongue of all the essentials of Iman): It refers to the confirmation of all the essentials of Islam and adhering to them through one's ‘Lisan' (Tongue). In other words, it is ‘Zahir' (Apparent) in one's life, reflects the state of one's heart and generates through the tongue.
'Iman bil A'maal' (Testimony by Actions of all the essentials of Iman): It refers to one's ‘A'maal' (Deeds) and is also ‘Zahir' (Apparent), and is also a reflection of one's heart but generates from one's deeds and actions.
Publications
Several publishers have published the book in different langues (original book is in Arabic):
'Shuab -ul- Iman': Published: Book on Demand (1 Jan. 1901)
'Shu‘ab al-īmān (9 v.) by Bayhaqī, Aḥmad ibn al-Ḥusayn' : Published: Bayrūt : Dār al-Kutub al-‘Ilmīyah, 2008.
' al-Jami' li Shu'ab al-Iman 15 VOLUMES (الجَامِعُ لِشُعَبْ الإِيمَان) by Imam al-Bayhaqi': Published: PUBLISHED: Ministry of Religious Endowment of Qatar / Dar al-Salafiyyah | Mumbai, India (2008)
' Shuab -Ul- Iman -Urdu- by Imam Bayhaqi (R.A)': Published: Nobel Press
See also
List of Sunni books
Kutub al-Sittah
Sahih Muslim
Jami al-Tirmidhi
Sunan Abu Dawood
Jami' at-Tirmidhi
Either: Sunan ibn Majah, Muwatta Malik
References
9th-century Arabic books
10th-century Arabic books
Sunni literature
Hadith
Hadith collections
Sunni hadith collections
The Metropole Cafe was a jazz club that operated in New York from the mid-1950s through 1965. Located at 7th Avenue and 48th Street, it was primarily noted in the bebop and progressive jazz era as being a venue for traditional musicians. Henry "Red" Allen, a New Orleans veteran of many bands including King Oliver's and Fletcher Henderson's, led the house band there beginning in 1954.
The Metropole featured jazz performances in the afternoon and evening. Its bandstand was a long runway behind the bar, which proved convenient when the club later abandoned jazz to feature strippers. Noted songwriters Jim Holvay and Gary Beisbier (who penned hit songs for the Buckinghams in the late 1960s) were part of a R & B band called The Chicagoans that played the Metropole Cafe in the fall of 1963.
In 1968 the Metrolpole was home to a variety of Rock bands. Featured would be two bands per period, a two-week stint in most cases. The bands would alternate sets, each on stage for an hour, over a 12-hour stretch from 4 p.m. to 4 a.m. During their individual sets, go-go dancers, wearing skimpy bikini outfits, would be stationed across the runway stage behind the bar, which was usually frequented by older men who might wander into the club throughout the day and night.
Other resident performers at the club included Roy Eldridge, Coleman Hawkins, Cozy Cole, Charlie Shavers, Zutty Singleton, Claude Hopkins, J. C. Higginbotham, Tony Scott, Max Kaminsky, Sol Yaged, Maynard Ferguson (in 1964) and Buster Bailey.
The last jazz acts to play the club before it ended its jazz policy in June 1965 were Gene Krupa and Mongo Santamaria.
In the film version of Neil Simon's The Odd Couple, Felix Ungar stops by the Metropole after a suicide attempt at the beginning of the film.
References
Interview with jazz bassist and historian Bill Crow.
Jazz clubs in New York City
1950s establishments in New York City
1965 disestablishments in New York (state)
Defunct jazz clubs in New York City
Cotonou Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Cotonou, Benin. It was established in 1910. A second skeletal tower was built in 1928, and that light was moved to the water tower in 1968.
See also
List of lighthouses in Benin
References
Lighthouses completed in 1910
Lighthouses in Benin
Buildings and structures in Benin
Lighthouses completed in 1928
Lighthouses completed in 1968
1910 establishments in Africa
Buildings and structures in Cotonou
Nicholas Edward Williams is a entrepreneurship and economic development scholar at the University of Leeds Business School where he is Professor in Enterprise. He is based at the Centre Enterprise and Entrepreneurship Studies where he is Director of the Research in Enterprise and Entrepreneurship Studies (REES) group.
Williams' research interests centre on entrepreneurship and economic development, including entrepreneurship in crisis economies, new born states and transition countries. He is also interested in enterprise policy and economic resilience.
References
Academics of the University of Leeds
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Samuel Kibamba (born 15 December 1949) is a former Congolese cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Democratic Republic of the Congo male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Kinshasa
The Senior men's race at the 1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Stellenbosch, South Africa, at the Danie Craven Stadium on March 23, 1996. A preview on the event was given in the Glasgow Herald, and a report in The New York Times.
Complete results, medallists,
and the results of British athletes were published.
Race results
Senior men's race (12.15 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 281 athletes from 56 countries in the Senior men's race. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published.
(1)
(7)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(7)
(4)
(5)
(1)
(6)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(9)
(6)
(8)
(9)
(2)
(1)
(6)
(8)
(1)
(9)
(6)
(4)
(9)
(4)
(7)
(7)
(6)
(9)
(2)
(6)
(7)
(7)
(7)
(1)
(9)
(1)
(2)
(9)
(9)
(6)
(1)
(3)
(2)
(6)
(7)
(6)
(9)
(9)
(2)
(3)
(6)
See also
1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men's race
1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women's race
1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior women's race
References
Senior men's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
Britt-Marie Was Here () is the fourth book by the Swedish columnist, blogger, and writer Fredrik Backman. The novel was originally published in 2014, and was later translated to English and published on May 3, 2016. The main character, Britt-Marie was featured in Backman's third book, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry. The novel was also made into a film of the same title, featuring Pernilla August in the title role, and directed by Tuva Novotny.
Plot
The plot of the novel focuses on a "nag-hag" woman who has recently left her cheating husband and has taken on a job in the city of Borg, working at the recreation center. The city itself is barely a full town, with only a pizzeria and a florist shop open. There, Britt-Marie finds herself responsible for a group of children in an impoverished area of town in need of revamping. Britt-Marie's husband, Kent, and her new romantic interest, Sven, compete for her attention. Sami, Vega, and Omar challenge the notion of typical home life. Somebody, a 40-year-old alcoholic, runs the hub of the city out of the local pizza shop and occasionally dabbles in selling illegal goods.
Reception
Kirkus Reviews described the novel as feeling, "clunky and contrived, something the earlier books narrowly avoided. Backman has always played fast and loose with internal logic; without the smart pacing displayed in his previous books, the problem is more glaring here." Ani Johnson of Bookbag, on the other hand, gave the book five stars while adding "this is a novel that deserves many, many more". Johnson also praised the author "who understands people and watches society closely"
Adaptations
A film adaptation, starring Pernilla August and directed by Tuva Novotny, was released in 2019.
References
2014 Swedish novels
Novels set in Sweden
Swedish-language novels
Novels by Fredrik Backman
Franziska Busch (born 20 October 1985) is a German retired ice hockey forward and former alternate captain of the German national ice hockey team. She currently serves as the head coach of the German women's national under-18 ice hockey team.
International career
Busch was selected to represent Germany at the Winter Olympic Games in 2006 and 2014. At the women's ice hockey tournament in 2006, she did not record a point across five games. At the women's ice hockey tournament in 2014, she led the team in scoring with three goals and five points.
She played in the 2006, 2010 and 2014 Olympic qualification tournaments.
Busch also played with Germany at eight IIHF Women's World Championships. Her first appearance came in 2004.
Career statistics
International career
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
German women's ice hockey forwards
German ice hockey coaches
Ice hockey players at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Germany
People from Seesen
Sportspeople from Lower Saxony
The Velvet Revolution was a non-violent revolution in 1989 in Czechoslovakia.
Velvet Revolution may also refer to:
2018 Armenian revolution
"Velvet Revolution" (song), a song from Tori Amos' 2007 album American Doll Posse
Velvet Revolution (organization), an activist organization founded by Brett Kimberlin
Ma Desheng, born 1952 in Beijing, is a Chinese artist and one of the founding members of the Stars Group. After being arrested for his role in arranging the group's first exhibition and repressions against "liberal thinkers", the artist relocated to Paris in 1986. Ma is self-trained as a woodblock craftsman, his works are held in various significant public and private collections including the Ashmolean Museum, and the British Museum.
References
Artists from Beijing
1952 births
Living people
The 1962 Jordan League was the 15th season of Jordan Premier League, the top-flight league for Jordanian association football clubs. Al-Faisaly won its 6th title.
Overview
Al-Faysali won the championship.
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
The Cascade red fox (Vulpes vulpes cascadensis) is a subspecies of red fox native to Washington in the United States.
Diet
They prey on small mammals and birds living only in the mountains. Due to this, they have an ecology distinct from lowland red foxes.
Distribution
The range of the Cascade red fox is estimated to be 4500 km2, but may be as large as 40000 km2. It lives in the subalpine meadows and parklands of the Cascade Mountains, as well as the open forests on the eastern slope. It does not however inhabit the densely forested western slope. It may inhabit the very southern parts of British Columbia. Recent surveys have suggested that they are becoming rarer. This might be due to habitat loss from climate change, logging, and increased recreation in winter allowing other predators such as coyotes and lowland red foxes to enter their habitat.Some populations might have gone extinct. The current number of populations seems to be less than 5.
Origins
The ancestors of the Cascade red fox colonized North America after crossing the Bering landbridge during the Illinoian glaciation over 300,000 years ago. During the Wisconsin glaciation, they were pushed south to escape to ice free forests. From that point, they adapted to the colder climate and became distinct. After the glaciation, they moved up into the mountains where conditions were similar.
Conservation
The Cascade red fox is a Natural Heritage Critically Imperiled Species, as well as a Washington Candidate Species for protection. Lack of information has made conservation efforts much harder.
See also
Sierra Nevada red fox
American red fox
References
Vulpes
Subspecies
Ichthyotomidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Phyllodocida.
Genera:
Ichthyonomis
Ichthyotomus Eisig, 1906
References
Polychaetes
Tochka () is a 2002 album by Leningrad. "Точка", means 'dot' or 'point'. In Russian slang, this can refer to a place of prostitution or somewhere that vodka is sold.
Track listing
"Money" – 3:14
"Наркоман" - Narkoman - (Druggie) – 4:51
"Злая пуля" - Zlaya pulya - (Evil Bullet) – 4:33
"Dance" – 2:35
"Никто не любит" - Nikto ne lyubit - (Nobody Loves) – 3:21
"Полет Шнура" - Polet Shnura - (The Flight of Shnur)" – 2:29
"Нужен Гол" - Nuzhen gol - (Goal Needed) – 4:22
"Танго (Я так люблю тебя)" - Tango (Ya tak lyublyu tebya) - (Tango (I love you so)) – 4:27
"Однажды" - Odnazhdy - (Once) – 2:44
"Где же ваши руки?" - Gde zhe vashi ruki? - (Where are your hands?) – 6:21
External links
Album available for download from the official Leningrad website
2002 albums
Leningrad (band) albums
Exactis LLC is a data broker established in 2015 and based in the U.S state of Florida. The firm reportedly handles business and consumer data in an effort to refine targeted advertising.
Data leak
Exactis became notable in June 2018, after a discovery by cybersecurity researcher Vinny Troia detailed how the organization made nearly 340 million detailed records about individual people available on a publicly accessible server, leaving those people at heightened risk of being impersonated, profiled or otherwise exploited through social engineering. The information has reportedly since been protected and removed from the public. However, the leak is notable due to the breach of data that was exposed, surpassing the Equifax breach which had exposed 145 million customers' personal data the year prior.
Exactis had reportedly accumulated some or all of its information without the knowledge or explicit consent of the data subjects.
References
Companies based in Florida
Data brokers
2015 establishments in Florida
Ann(e) Roberts may refer to:
Ann Clwyd, married name Roberts, politician
Anne Roberts, journalism teacher and city councillor
Anne C. Roberts, American interventional radiologist
Anne Mason Roberts (1910–1971), American government official
Ann Roberts (umpire), cricket umpire for Australian women's cricket team in England in 2005
Ann Roberts (producer) for Adopted (film)
See also
Sally-Ann Roberts, TV anchor
Elizabeth Ann Roberts, American model
Roberts (surname)
David Alejandro Henríquez Mandiola (born 21 February 1998) is a Chilean professional footballer who plays as a forward for chilean club Deportes Concepción .
Honours
Club
Universidad Católica
Primera División de Chile (2): 2018, 2019
Supercopa de Chile (1): 2019
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
People from Antofagasta
Chilean footballers
Club Deportivo Universidad Católica footballers
A.C. Barnechea footballers
Deportes Santa Cruz footballers
Deportes Concepción (Chile) footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Primera B de Chile players
Segunda División Profesional de Chile players
Association football forwards
I'm in You is the fifth studio album by Peter Frampton. It was released on 28 May 1977, almost a year and a half after his blockbuster 1976 live album Frampton Comes Alive! It was recorded at Electric Lady Studios in New York, where Frampton's Camel had been recorded four years earlier.
Guest musicians Stevie Wonder, Richie Hayward, Mike Finnigan, and Mick Jagger are featured on this album.
I'm in You became Frampton's most commercially successful studio album; it rose to the No. 2 slot in the US on the Billboard 200 and was certified platinum, while in Canada, the album entered the chart directly at #1. The title track became his most successful single yet, reaching No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100. On the Cash Box singles chart, "I'm in You" reached No. 1, as it also did in Canada.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Peter Frampton; except where indicated:
"I'm in You" – 4:10
"(Putting My) Heart on the Line" – 3:42
"St. Thomas (Don't You Know How I Feel)" – 4:15
"Won't You Be My Friend" – 8:10
"You Don't Have to Worry" – 5:16
"Tried to Love" – 4:27
"Rocky's Hot Club" – 3:25
"(I'm a) Road Runner" – 3:40 (Brian Holland, Lamont Dozier, Edward Holland, Jr.)
"Signed, Sealed, Delivered (I'm Yours)" – 3:54 (Lee Garrett, Lula Mae Hardaway, Stevie Wonder, Syreeta Wright)
Personnel
Peter Frampton – electric guitars, acoustic guitars, slide guitar, bass guitar, piano, organ, Moog synthesizer, mini-Moog, ARP String Synthesizer, ARP Axxe, clavinet, harmonica, drums, percussion, vocals, talk box
Bob Mayo – organ, Hammond B-3, synthesizer, Moog synthesizer, ARP String Synthesizer, ARP Axxe, clavinet, melodica, electric piano, piano, Fender Rhodes, accordion, guitar, acoustic guitar, backing vocals
Stevie Wonder – harmonica on "Rocky's Hot Club"
Mick Jagger – backing vocals on "I'm in You" and "Tried to Love"
Mike Finnigan – backing vocals on "Signed, Sealed, Delivered (I'm Yours)"
Stanley Sheldon – bass guitar, backing vocals
John Siomos – drums, percussion, tambourine
Richie Hayward – drums, percussion, congas on "St. Thomas (Don't You Know How I Feel)", "Won't You Be My Friend" and "Tried To Love"
Production
Prouducers: Peter Frampton, Chris Kimsey, Bob Mayo, Frankie D'Augusta
Engineers: Peter Frampton, Chris Kimsey, Bob Mayo, Frankie D'Augusta
Mixing: Peter Frampton, Chris Kimsey, Bob Mayo, Frankie D'Augusta
Mastering: George Marino, Doug Sax, Arnie Acosta
Art Direction: Vartan, Roland Young, Ryan Rogers
Photography: Neal Preston, Irving Penn
Supervisor: Beth Stempel, Bill Levenson
Coordinator: Beth Stempel, Bill Levenson
Management: Dee Anthony
Chart positions
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
Peter Frampton albums
1977 albums
Albums produced by Chris Kimsey
Albums recorded at Electric Lady Studios
A&M Records albums
Albums produced by Peter Frampton
Meat Is Murder is the second studio album by English rock band the Smiths, released on 11 February 1985 by Rough Trade Records. It became the band's only studio album to reach number one on the UK Albums Chart, and stayed on the chart for 13 weeks. The album was an international success: it spent 11 weeks in the European Top 100 Albums chart, peaking at number 29. It also reached number 110 on the US Billboard 200, in the United States.
Writing and recording
After the band's 1984 debut album, singer Morrissey and guitarist Johnny Marr produced the album themselves, assisted only by engineer Stephen Street. They had first met Stephen Street on the session for "Heaven Knows I'm Miserable Now" and requested his contact number. Officially, the record's production is credited to "The Smiths".
To build the album's soundscape, Morrissey provided Marr and Street with his personal copies of BBC sound effects records from which to source samples. Morrissey would continue this practice on future Smiths singles and albums.
Meat Is Murder was more strident and political than its predecessor, including the pro-vegetarian title track (Morrissey forbade the rest of the group from being photographed eating meat), and the anti-corporal punishment "The Headmaster Ritual". Musically, the band had grown more adventurous, with Marr and Rourke channelling rockabilly and funk influences in "Rusholme Ruffians" and "Barbarism Begins at Home" respectively. "Rusholme Ruffians" interpolates the Victoria Wood song "Fourteen Again". Author John King has suggested that the title track was inspired by the 1983 song "Meat Means Murder" by the anarcho-punk band Conflict, which deals with the same topic and also opens at a slow pace.
Morrissey also brought a political stance to many of his interviews. Among his targets were the Thatcher administration, the monarchy, and his musical contemporaries. When asked about Band-Aid, which was being strongly promoted in the UK media at the time, he quipped, "One can have great concern for the people of Ethiopia, but it's another thing to inflict daily torture on the people of England". Similarly, he began to promote vegetarianism in live shows and interviews, on one occasion convincing a Scottish TV show to air footage of slaughterhouses during the dinner hour.
Cover art
The album's sleeve uses a 1967 photograph of an American marine, Cpl. Michael Wynn, in Vietnam, though with the wording on his helmet changed from "Make War Not Love" to "Meat Is Murder". The original image was used for Emile de Antonio's 1968 Oscar-nominated documentary In the Year of the Pig. Wynn stated in 2019 that he was never asked permission for the use of the photo, and that he "wasn't real happy" that the wording on the helmet was changed.
Legacy
In 2003, Meat Is Murder was ranked number 295 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time, and 296 in a 2012 revised list. The album was also included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Use in other media
In 2016, animal rights advocacy group PETA released a video game titled This Beautiful Creature Must Die, based on the song "Meat Is Murder". The game, which featured a chiptune rendition of the song, tasked players with clicking on their screens before different kinds of animals get chopped up in a death spiral.
Track listing
Note
"How Soon Is Now?" was added to the American edition and to post-1992 UK WEA re-issues, as the first song on side 2 of the LP, or track 6 on all digital formats. The 2011 remaster restored the original UK track listing.
Personnel
The Smiths
Morrissey – vocals
Johnny Marr – guitars, piano, slide guitar , sound effects
Andy Rourke – bass guitar
Mike Joyce – drums, tambourine, congas
Production
The Smiths – production
Stephen Street – engineering, sound effects
Tim Young – mastering
Design
Caryn Gough – package layout
Paul Slattery – group photo
Toshi Yajima – Morrissey solo-shot
Charts
Certifications and sales
References
External links
The Smiths albums
1985 albums
Rough Trade Records albums
Sire Records albums
Vegetarian-related mass media
1895–96 Hongkong Football Cup was the 1895–96 season of the predecessor of Hong Kong Challenge Shield, Hongkong Football Cup.
The holder of the cup this season was Kowloon Football Club.
Unknown round
Final
References
1895-96
1895–96 domestic association football cups
1895 in Hong Kong
1896 in Hong Kong
Johannes Ott (1919–1995) was a German art director known for his work in the country's film industry. In the early stages of his career he collaborated frequently with the veteran set designer Erich Kettelhut.
Selected filmography
Prisoners of Love (1954)
Eine Liebesgeschichte (1954)
Three Days Confined to Barracks (1955)
Children, Mother, and the General (1955)
Das Mädchen Marion (1956)
Night Nurse Ingeborg (1958)
The Muzzle (1958)
The Man Who Sold Himself (1959)
The Thousand Eyes of Dr. Mabuse (1960)
Until Money Departs You (1960)
Storm in a Water Glass (1960)
Girl from Hong Kong (1961)
The Post Has Gone (1962)
Life Begins at Eight (1962)
Freddy and the Song of the South Pacific (1963)
The Lightship (1963)
The Pirates of the Mississippi (1963)
If You Go Swimming in Tenerife (1964)
The Body in the Thames (1971)
References
Bibliography
David Kalat. The Strange Case of Dr. Mabuse: A Study of the Twelve Films and Five Novels. McFarland, 2015.
External links
1919 births
1995 deaths
German art directors
Film people from Berlin
William Joseph Franks (1830 – April 18, 1880) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the American Civil War.
Biography
Franks was born in Pittsboro, North Carolina in 1830. He enlisted in the United States Navy on September 16, 1863, during the American Civil War.
Franks distinguished himself in action at Yazoo City, Mississippi on March 5, 1864, when he and his shipmates from the landed a 12-pound howitzer to defend the city, which was threatened by strong Confederate forces. He and his group were in the thickest of the fighting, but it was never enough to drive them from their cannon. The actions of Franks and his men came to play the most important role in maintaining the Union position. Franks received the Medal of Honor and was promoted to Acting Master's Mate in recognition of his actions. Two of his shipmates, Seaman James Stoddard and Seaman Bartlett Laffey, were also awarded the medal for being on the gun crew.
Franks was discharged from the Navy in August 1865, and settled in Arkansas.
He married Mary Francis in 1865, after his separation from the Navy; according to the 1880 Federal census, they had five children.
William J. Franks died in April 1880 and is buried in Maple Springs Cemetery in Batesville, Arkansas.
Namesake
A , , was named in his honor and launched on December 7, 1942.
Medal of Honor citation
Rank and organization: Seaman, U.S. Navy. Born: 1830, Chatham County, N.C. Entered service at: Duvalls Bluff, Ark. G.O. No.: 32, April 16, 1864.
Citation:
The President of the United States of America, in the name of Congress, takes pleasure in presenting the Medal of Honor to Seaman William J. Franks, United States Navy, for extraordinary heroism in action while serving on board the U.S.S. Marmora off Yazoo City, Mississippi, 5 March 1864. Embarking from the Marmora with a 12-pound howitzer mounted on a field carriage, Seaman Franks landed with the gun and crew in the midst of heated battle and, bravely standing by his gun despite enemy rifle fire which cut the gun carriage and rammer contributed to the turning back of the enemy during the fierce engagement.
See also
List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients: A–F
References
Sources
1830 births
1880 deaths
People from Pittsboro, North Carolina
People from Batesville, Arkansas
People from Independence County, Arkansas
Union Navy sailors
United States Navy sailors
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
United States Navy Medal of Honor recipients
Zachary Ying and the Dragon Emperor is a 2022 Canadian middle grade contemporary fantasy novel by Xiran Jay Zhao. The book follows Zachary Ying, a Chinese American and Hui Muslim boy on his journey to save China from a horde of ancient spirits while being guided by the spirit of Qin Shi Huang, the first emperor of China. It is the first book in the series.
Background
Zachary Ying and the Dragon Emperor, Xiran Jay Zhao's second novel, was released on 10 May 2022. In an interview with CBC, Zhao highlighted their fascination with "genre crossovers". Zhao stated that:I had the idea to riff off of Yu-Gi-Oh, which was a really formative media franchise when I was growing up. I got the idea of the First Emperor of China, which I was really obsessed with because his story is so fascinating. What if he possessed a little kid and then sent him to China on an adventure? [...] Yu-Gi-Oh does a lot of crossovers between technology and magic, so that's what I did in Zachary Ying and the Dragon Emperor. The First Emperor possesses this kid's AR gaming headset [...]. So then I basically wrote a book based on that.Zhao also commented that they put the lead character Zachary through similar microaggressions and racism that they had experienced at the age of twelve when they were the only Asian student in their school. Zhao stated it took many years to "unpack" that experience and that "in writing this book, I really do hope to maybe do some of that unpacking for future generations so they don't have as rough of an adolescence as I did".
Audiobook edition
In June 2022, Zhao announced that the publisher would be rerecording the audiobook with a new voice actor as the Mandarin in the book is mispronounced. The original audiobook edition will remain for sale while rerecording occurs; Zhao stated: "I've been assured that buyers of it will get the new version automatically after it comes out". Zhao also commented that, "I have to stress that I do not blame the VA for taking the job [...]. They clearly worked hard on the audiobook and gave a great performance, it's just a shame about the Mandarin".
Plot
Zachary Ying is a 12-year-old boy whose mother fled China after the death of his father to escape a dangerous political situation. His now single mother was absolutely devoted to Zach, and did everything she could to provide for him, though this often meant working multiple jobs to keep their small family afloat. As a result of her busy schedule, and a desire to help Zach assimilate into western culture, Zach was raised without much knowledge of China's history, culture, or language. Despite that absence, he is often singled out for being the one Asian kid in school, and so does his best to distance himself from anything that might make him seem more other than he already feels. So when a strange boy of Asian descent approaches Zach in school and wants to tell Zach all about Qin Shi Huang, the first emperor of China, Zach is standoffish and suspicious. Later during an unexpectedly hostile confrontation between the new boy, Simon, and Zach's so-called friends, Zach abruptly becomes aware that he is being possessed by the spirit of Qin Shi Huang, the legendary first emperor of China. Qin Shi Huang explains that this is possible because Zach is Qin Shi Huang's direct descendant, and that he needs Zach's help to help prevent a catastrophe that could destroy China and possibly the world. Without meaning to, Zach forcibly exorcises the spirit of Qin Shi Huang, and flees. Without a mortal host, Qin Shi Huang's spirit is almost forced to return to the spirit world, but realizes in time that Zach's AR Headset, his "XY Technologies Portal-lens", is sophisticated enough to act as a host, allowing Qin Shi Huang's spirit to remain on the mortal plane.
Through the portal-lens, Qin Shi Huang is able to explain to Zach that spirits from the underworld are trying to force their way into the mortal world, and in 14 days, they'll be able to break through, possess any mortal they choose, and unleash all of the worst weapons humanity has access to. Zach must team up with two other 12-year olds who host Tang Taezong and Wu Zetian to learn about his heritage in order to master the power of the Emperor's legend. Only with their combined spirit powers can they complete their epic quest across China to seal the spirit plug, and prevent the spirits from breaking free.
Reception
Zachary Ying debuted as a New York Times Bestseller, at number four on the Children's Middle Grade Hardcover list. It remained on the list for two weeks.
Rachel Brooks, for Publishers Weekly, commented that, "Gamer Zachary Ying desperately wants to fit in outside the virtual world of Mythrealm, but as the only Asian kid in his largely white Maine town, he finds himself quietly suffering microaggressions and peer pressure to avoid standing out. Zack's Chinese family is also Hui Muslim, a minority among other Chinese and Muslim people, but he knows little about his family legacy outside of his father's execution by the Chinese government for speaking out against its 'oppression of Uighur Muslims and other minorities.' [...] Compact history lessons woven throughout guide Zack through the plot and into a greater understanding of his identity, while plentiful pop culture references root this fantastical read in the contemporary, making for a quickly paced book that's by turns educational, reflective, and thrilling".
Kristin Brynsvold, for the School Library Journal, called Zachary Ying a "creative, engaging story" and highlighted that the novel appeals "to fans of ancient mythology and world history". Brynsvold wrote that "the plot will draw readers in, but what will keep them is Zach's struggle to belong, his journey to find himself and discover real friendship, as well as the highlighting of underrepresented mythologies. While the folklore and history might not be as smoothly incorporated as other mythological fantasies, it's done well enough that middle grade readers won't mind".
Alec Scott, for The Globe and Mail, compared Zachary Ying to Zhao's first novel Iron Widow (2021) and commented that "the two books speak to Zhao's obsessions – both with anime, the visual storytelling popularized in Japan that's gone global, and with Chinese history and mythology. [...] In both novels, the mythic past gets translated into the future. [...] But these similarities are superficial: The first book is a primal scream brimming with horror at the world its young heroine inherits, while the new novel plots a tween's journey from zero to, if not hero, then someone of substance. [...] For all their differences of mood, the novels rescue what is valuable to Zhao in Chinese history and myth, and project it forward – creating artistic acts of cultural reappropriation".
Zachary Ying was included on Entertainment Weekly's 2022 "11 exciting books for your kids' summer reading list" — the article states: "weaving Chinese history in with questions about identity and belonging, kids will zip through this action-packed novel by Xiran Jay Zhao as they cheer on Zachary in his heroic quest". AudioFile highlighted the audiobook edition in May 2022 and stated that the narrator, Neo Cihi, "switches seamlessly between English and Chinese and helps listeners feel all the tension as the high-intensity adventure ramps up".
References
External links
"Zachary Ying" on Xiran Jay Zhao's website.
Mandarin pronunciation guide for Zachary Ying recorded by Xiran Jay Zhao
Full cover art illustration by Xiao Tong Kong
2022 Canadian novels
Canadian children's books
Asian-Canadian literature
Margaret K. McElderry books
Cultural depictions of Qin Shi Huang
Biggs is an unincorporated community in Mason County, Illinois, United States.
The community is named for Paul G. Biggs, who owned a local grain elevator in the 1870s. A post office was established in 1875.
References
Unincorporated communities in Mason County, Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Oblivion Hymns is the sixth studio album by American ambient/post-rock band Hammock. It was released on November 26, 2013 by the band's own label, Hammock Music.
The album cover for Oblivion Hymns was created as a commissioned piece by artist Amy Pleasant.
Reception
Oblivion Hymns was met with positive critical reception and hit No. 17 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers Album Chart in 2013. Mike Diver at Clash magazine loved the album, stating that Oblivion Hymns is "…some of the most blissful music Clash has ever had the luxury of bathing in. [Hammock] has gone on to become one of the foremost purveyors of affecting ambient post-rock on the scene."
John Diliberto, the host of Echoes, listed Oblivion Hymns as No. 8 in the "25 Essential Echoes CDs for 2013" as an album that represented the best, most innovative aspects of the ambient music soundscape in the past year, stating that "Hammock goes deeper into their ambient chamber music with children's choirs emerging out of swirling deeply processed guitars." Echoes also selected Oblivion Hymns as the CD of the Month for January 2014. Fred Pessaro, writing for Vice magazine's Noisey site, stated that the music of Oblivion Hymns is "expansive and dramatic ambient post-rock… the kind that would fit perfectly as a soundtrack to a film."
In his review for KEXP, Don Yates notes how Hammock "reworks their ambient post-rock sound on their latest album, moving in a more neo classical musical direction while adding a string quartet, horns, accordion, glockenspiel, a children's choir and more to their layers of atmospheric shoegazer guitars for an often-transportive set of glacial instrumentals." KEXP also charted Oblivion Hymns at No. 7 in the KEXP Variety Music Chart for December 2013 and named the first track, "My Mind Was a Fog... My Heart Became a Bomb" as Song of the Day on January 8, 2014.
Raul Stanciu, writing for Sputnikmusic, felt that Oblivion Hymns is a "natural progression to [Hammock's] transcending discography. This neoclassical-meets-post-rock direction opens new doors…", while Elizabeth Klisiewicz, writing for The Big Takeover, described how songs on the record are "stuffed full of emotion, as [one] can imagine… standing on the edge of an infinite abyss, marvelling… Hammock's music draws out such powerful emotions that one can be blinded with joy even while tears blur your vision. Perhaps it's like witnessing a miracle, albeit a sonic one."
A feature for the October 2013 issue of Magnet stated that Oblivion Hymns "rewrites Hammock's script, bringing strings to the fore in a manner that would make composer Max Richter or Hammock's peers in A Winged Victory for the Sullen proud."
Vevo's Alt/Indie Spotlight highlighted Hammock's music video for "I Could Hear The Water at the Edge of All Things" via Vevo's Twitter feed, calling the video both "tragic" and "incredibly beautiful."
Track listing
References
Hammock (band) albums
Hammock Music albums
2013 albums
Mary Green may refer to:
Mary Green (sprinter) (1943–2022), British Olympic sprinter
Mary Green (journalist), British radio and television presenter
Mary Green (painter) (1766–1845), English painter
Mary Anne Everett Green (1818–1895), English historian
Mary Ann Green (1964–2017), American tribal leader and politician
Mary Letitia Green (1886–1978), British botanist and bibliographer
Mary Hayden Pike (1824–1908), née Green, American author
Mary Jane Green, Confederate spy and bushwhacker
Mary-Pat Green (born 1951), American actress
Dame Mary Green (headteacher) (1913–2004), English head of first comprehensive school in London
Mary Ann Ashford (1787–1870), English cook, married Edward Green
Mary Cozens-Walker married name Mary Green, (1938–2020) English textile artist and painter
Marygreen, a fictional village in Thomas Hardy's novel Jude the Obscure, inspired by Fawley, Berkshire
See also
Mary Greene (disambiguation)
Green (surname)
The Embassy of Honduras in London is the diplomatic mission of Honduras in the United Kingdom.
Gallery
References
See also
List of ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Honduras
List of diplomatic missions of Honduras
Embassy of Honduras in Washington, D.C.
Honduras
Diplomatic missions of Honduras
Honduras–United Kingdom relations
Buildings and structures in the City of Westminster
Marylebone
Jessica von Deinburg-Thalbach (also known as Princess of Deinburg-Thalbach and born as Prozeski) is the niece of Clarissa von Anstetten and moves with her family to Düsseldorf. She begins to work in a children's home. Jessica keeps a family secret with why her mother Katrin left the family years ago and disappeared. She meets and begins to fall in love with Alexander Berg. She doesn't know that he truly is a rich prince. Jessica finds out the truth, when she reads the announcement of marriage with Eva von Waller-Schönfeld in the paper. She tries to distant herself from Alexander, but he wants to fight for her and even break with his family. Against the will of his father, Alexander announces that he wants to marry Jessica. While the wedding, Alexander's father appears and makes peace with his son. After Jessica and Alexander have a ceremony at Castle Friedenau, they say their goodbyes and leave for Abu Dhabi, where the happy couple starts a new life.
Verbotene Liebe characters
Television characters introduced in 1997
Fictional princesses
The Blizzard of 78 is an American rock band from Boston and Providence. Consisting of ex-Delta Clutch members, they currently have two albums released; the first being the critically acclaimed Where All Life Hangs. Tanya Donelly contributed a guest vocal to the album, and it won several Motif awards in 2007. The Blizzard of 78 have played with, or opened for, Coldplay, Alex Chilton, Ronnie Spector, Snow Patrol, Jim Carroll, Tanya Donelly, Guster, Remy Zero and Throwing Muses. The group once performed The Replacements' album Tim in its entirety.
The band has won awards in The Providence Phoenix Best Music Poll, and has been a part of NEMO, WBCN Rock & Roll Rumble, Nashville NEA Extravaganza, and the mp3.com/Heineken Tour.
In May 2007 they had a song included on the tribute to the Clash's album Sandinista!, featuring Mikey Dread toasting on their track, "Silicone on Sapphire".
The Blizzard of 78 released their second full-length album, Book of Lies, on December 9, 2008. The Providence Phoenix again nominated the group for awards in two categories in their 2009 Best Music Poll, Best Act and Best Male Vocalist.
References
External links
Boston/Providence Phoenix review of Book of Lies
Official home page
Culture of Providence, Rhode Island
Musical groups from Boston
Musical groups from Rhode Island
Justin Martin (born April 20, 1979) is an American DJ and record producer, based in San Francisco.
Career
The first release on Dirtybird was The Southern Draw EP by Justin Martin and Sammy D.
Martin released his sophomore album on April 20, 2016, via Dirtybird Records.
In 2020, Martin launched his own label, What To Do…, with the single “Needs.”
Discography
Charted albums
References
1979 births
Living people
People from San Francisco
Place of birth missing (living people)
American DJs
DJs from San Francisco
American electronic musicians
Electronic dance music DJs
The canton of Montluçon-Sud is a former administrative division in central France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It had 15,789 inhabitants (2012).
The canton comprised the following communes:
Lavault-Sainte-Anne
Lignerolles
Montluçon (partly)
Néris-les-Bains
Teillet-Argenty
Demographics
See also
Cantons of the Allier department
Communes of France
References
Former cantons of Allier
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Västernorrland County or Region Västernorrland held regional council elections on 9 September 2018 on the same day as the general and municipal elections.
Results
The number of seats remained at 77 with the Social Democrats winning the most at 28, a drop of ten from in 2014. The party especially lost a lot of ground in Sollefteå following the closure of the childbirth unit of the local hospital, going from 47.6% to 14%.
Municipal results
Percentage
Votes
Images
References
Elections in Västernorrland County
Västernorrland
Delvin Chanel N'Dinga (born 14 March 1988) is a Congolese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Club career
Auxerre
N'Dinga began his career with CNFF then joined Diables Noirs in 2003. In July 2005, he Diables Noirs to sign in Europe with French club Auxerre.
In the 2011–12 season, N'Dinga was linked with a move to Lyon as the replacement for Jérémy Toulalan, who joined Spanish side Málaga. Auxerre and Lyon were in the process of negotiating a transfer for Ndinga for €7 million, with Ndinga to sign a four-year contract with Lyon. N'Dinga said a move to Lyon interested him: "It would be a good challenge for me, the opportunity to pass a course, While there is a chance that I play in this club, I will not hesitate. There is Lyon who has, then yes, it m? Interested!" However, Auxerre club president Gérard Bourgoin refused to sell Ndinga, having rejected several offers from Lyon. The negotiations continued throughout the summer transfer window until N'Dinga signed a contract extension set to keep him at Auxerre until 2015. Shortly after, N'Dinga expressed sadness of not join Lyon, saying, "It takes time, honestly thought I leave. It hurt me. I try to focus quickly find my level."
Monaco
Following Auxerre's relegation from Ligue 1 after the 2011–12 season, N'Dinga joined Ligue 2 side Monaco in July 2012 in a €6 million transfer deal.
Olympiacos
Following his two league appearances at Monaco in the 2013–14 season, but on 31 August 2013, N'Dinga left the club to join Greek champions Olympiacos on loan, with an option to make the move permanent next summer with a fee of €3 million. He started a second loan spell with Olympiacos in July 2014. Olympiacos will buy Delvin with a mark of €3.2 million from the Monegasque team. N'Dinga is likely to head back to France over the summer, after spending the last two seasons on loan at Olympiakos from Monaco but according to reports in France he will possibly to return to League 1 in the summer transfer window. N'Dinga will not renew his contract with Monaco and it looks like that Saint-Étienne is in pole position to sign him. Apart from Saint-Etienne, Rennes, Lille and Caen also expressed their interested in the Congolese defensive midfielder.
Lokomotiv Moscow
After joining Russian club Lokomotiv Moscow on loan for the 2015–16 season, N'Dinga's move from Monaco was made permanent on 11 May 2016.
Sivasspor
On 7 September 2017, N'Dinga signed a two-year contract with Turkish club Sivasspor.
International career
He made his first cap for Congo national football team at the WCQ match against Sudan on 8 June 2007.
He represented the national team at the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations, where his team advanced to the quarterfinals.
Career statistics
Club
International goals
Scores and results list Congo's goal tally first.
Honours
Monaco
Ligue 2: 2012–13
Olympiacos
Super League Greece: 2013–14, 2014–15
Greek Cup: 2014–15
Lokomotiv Moscow
Russian Cup: 2016–17
References
External links
frenchleague.com
1988 births
Living people
Pointe-Noire
Republic of the Congo footballers
Republic of the Congo international footballers
Republic of the Congo expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
AJ Auxerre players
AS Monaco FC players
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Monaco
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
Olympiacos F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Russian Premier League players
Super League Greece players
Sivasspor footballers
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
2015 Africa Cup of Nations players
Republic of the Congo under-20 international footballers
The fulvous-headed tanager (Thlypopsis fulviceps) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in the Venezuelan Coastal Range and far northern Colombia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
fulvous-headed tanager
Birds of the Venezuelan Coastal Range
fulvous-headed tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Yin Chen-hao (; born 10 March 1985) is a Taiwanese director of music videos. His debut feature film is Man in Love (2021).
During his graduate studies in chemistry at National Tsing Hua University, Yin cofounded Spacebar Studio in February 2012 with five other NTHU students. Spacebar Studio's early videos were low budget projects directed by Yin that were posted online, then subsequently went viral. He directed the music video for "LOVE", a song from the 2019 album Somewhere in Time, I Love You by Accusefive, which won the at the 31st Golden Melody Awards ceremony in 2020. He directed the 2021 romantic drama Man in Love, his first feature-length film, and an adaption of the 2014 South Korean film of the same name.
References
External links
Spacebar Studio official website
1985 births
Living people
Taiwanese film directors
Music video directors
People from Changhua County
National Tsing Hua University alumni
Basra is the debut album by drummer Pete La Roca, recorded in 1965 and released on the Blue Note label.
Background and recording
Bassist Steve Swallow recounted that he and La Roca had taken LSD prior to traveling to recording engineer Rudy Van Gelder's New Jersey studio for the session. He also said that Van Gelder threatened to end the session after pianist Steve Kuhn started manually plucking the piano strings.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated: "It is strange to realize that drummer Pete La Roca only led two albums during the prime years of his career, for this CD reissue of his initial date is a classic".
Track listing
All compositions by Pete La Roca except as noted
"Malagueña" (Ernesto Lecuona) - 9:01
"Candu" - 6:45
"Tears Come from Heaven" - 5:00
"Basra" - 9:58
"Lazy Afternoon" (John La Touche, Jerome Moross) - 5:31
"Eiderdown" (Steve Swallow) - 4:28
Personnel
Pete La Roca - drums
Joe Henderson - tenor saxophone
Steve Kuhn - piano
Steve Swallow - bass
References
Blue Note Records albums
Pete La Roca albums
1965 albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Alfred Lion
Husni al-Barazi (; 1895–1975) was a Syrian Kurdish politician who served as prime minister.
Origins and youth
Husni al-Barazi was born in the Syrian city of Hama into a prominent landowning family of Kurdish origin. He was educated in Istanbul where he attended classes with the Bedir Khan brothers. Later he received a doctorate degree from the Sorbonne.
Political activity
During the French Mandate, Al-Barazi joined the Syrian opposition to French rule, but in 1926 he was arrested for his opposition activities and was exiled to Lebanon. Upon returning to Syria in 1928, Al-Barazi ran for parliamentary elections and was elected a Member of the Syrian Parliament.
Al-Barazi reportedly played a prominent role in the local hashish market.
He was appointed Minister of Culture from 1934 till 1936, then Governor of Alexandretta (Iskenderun) from 1936 to 1938. In April 1942 he was appointed Prime Minister, but was removed from his position and isolated by the French authorities in January 1943, following which he again moved to Lebanon.
Downfall, exile and death
Al Barazi returned to Syria in 1946 and remained in his position as Member of Parliament during all the military coups that took place from the late forties until the mid fifties. During this period, he was accused of plotting against the state and was arrested several times. However, in 1948 he was Governor of Aleppo, and the following year became deputy to the military governor of Syria under Husni al-Za'im. In Aleppo he co-founded the newspaper al-Nass, which was critical of Egypt's leader Gamal Abdel Nasser.
He went into final exile in 1954, when, while he was on a trip to Turkey, he was accused of plotting and conspiring against Syria, and was sentenced to death in absentia. In the late 1960s, al-Barazi was pardoned on account of his old age but never returned to Syria; he remained in exile between Lebanon and Turkey, where he died in 1975.
References
External links
1895 births
1975 deaths
Prime Ministers of Syria
People from Hama
Syrian ministers of culture
Members of the People's Assembly of Syria
Syrian Kurdish politicians
Al-Barazi family
Teton is an unincorporated community in Stanley County, in the U.S. state of South Dakota.
History
The community was named after the Teton Sioux Indian Tribe.
References
Unincorporated communities in Stanley County, South Dakota
Unincorporated communities in South Dakota
SS D.M. Clemson was a long steel-hulled Great Lakes freighter that went missing on 1 December 1908, on Lake Superior. The ship was last seen coming through the Soo Locks, onto Lake Superior. The ship was built in 1903 for the Provident Steamship Company. She is known for sinking on Lake Superior, on the night of 1 December 1908 with all hands; 24 men lost their lives. The wreck of D.M. Clemson is still missing, and the cause of her sinking remains a mystery to this day.
Possible cause of the sinking
Historian and author Frederick Stonehouse discussed the disappearance of the Clemson in his book "Went Missing". According to Stonehouse the Clemson suffered some structural damage when she struck a lighthouse pier at Ashtabula, Ohio, on October 20, 1908. The incident damaged 10 hull plates and a water tank on the
starboard side. Temporary repairs were made before the Clemson went into layup for the winter of 1908. Another theory suggests that the Clemson's wooden hatch covers failed causing water to leak into the cargo hold and sink the ship.
Aftermath
There were no survivors to tell what happened to the ship. However, for weeks debris and some bodies from the 24 crew members washed ashore from the ill-fated ship between Crisp Point and Grand Marais. One of the bodies found was the body of the Clemson's watchman, Simon Dunn of Dublin, Ireland, which washed ashore at Crisp Point. Dunn was wearing a life jacket with D.M. Clemson written on it. Later, pieces of the ship's cabin, 23 of the ship's wooden hatch covers and at least three more bodies were seen floating further west. Only one other body was recovered, and was identified as second mate Charles Woods of Marine City, Michigan.
A second vessel named D.M. Clemson was launched in 1917.
See also
SS Cyprus
References
1903 ships
Shipwrecks of Lake Superior
Ships built in Superior, Wisconsin
Missing ships
Maritime incidents in 1908
Steamships of the United States
Great Lakes freighters
Ships lost with all hands
Merchant ships of the United States
Ships powered by a triple expansion steam engine
Shipwrecks of the Michigan coast
Ships sunk in storms
Anto Antony Punnathaniyil
(born 1 May 1957) is a member of the 15th, 16th Lok Sabha from the Pathanamthitta electoral district in Kerala.
He is a member of the Indian National Congress and on 16 May 2009, in the first election held in this newly apportioned district, he was elected as a United Democratic Front (UDF) candidate by 408,232 votes over K. Ananthagopan of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) with 297,026; B. Radhakrishna Menon of the Bharatiya Janata Party with 56,294 and three other candidates. In 2014 general elections, he was re-elected from the same constituency with a margin of 58,836 against LDF supported opponent independent candidate Mr. Peelipose Thomas, who was an ex DCC president.
For the 2019 General elections also, the Congress party has renominated Anto Antony to contest from Pathanamthitta LokSabha Constituency.
In 2004, he had lost in the Kottayam race to CPI(M) candidate K. Suresh Kurup, by 341,213 votes to his 298,299. He won Lok Sabha elections from Pathanamthitta in 2009, 2014 and 2019.
Background
A native of Moonnilavu Panchayath in Pala assembly segment in Kottayam district, he attended St. Thomas College, Pala; the Kerala Law Academy Law College, Thiruvananthapuram (affiliated to Kerala University); the Government Law College, Ernakulam, (under Mahatma Gandhi University; and the Rajagiri College of Social Sciences. He was a general secretary of the Kerala Students Union.
References
External links
Antony's campaign website
Anto Antony Web Site
Living people
Politicians from Kottayam
Indian National Congress politicians from Kerala
India MPs 2009–2014
1956 births
Lok Sabha members from Kerala
India MPs 2014–2019
People from Pathanamthitta district
India MPs 2019–present
Stephan Hamann is an American psychologist and professor of psychology at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, where he has worked since 1996. His research focuses on understanding the neural basis of emotion, memory, and their interaction, using a combination of neuroimaging and neuropsychological approaches. He is currently Editor-in-Chief of the journal Neuropsychologia.
External links
Hamann's faculty page
References
American psychologists
Emory University faculty
University of California, Berkeley alumni
University of Toronto alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Cora timucua, the Timucua heart lichen, is a species of lichen collected from 1885 to 1985 and discovered in 2021 at Florida. The Timucua heart lichen was named to honor the Timucua people. The species is now potentially extinct but this is unknown.
Description
Cora timucua are around 2.5 to 7 cm across and has its Thallus epiphytic on stems. C. timucua composed of (1–)3–5 semicircular, adjacent to subimbricate lobes; individual lobes 1–3(–4) cm wide and 1–3 cm long. The thallus in section are 200 ɥm with max growth of the thallus being 250 ɥm max and has 20–30 ɥm high medullary. The aeruginouse is around 60 to 100 ɥm thick.
References
timucua
Lichen species
Taxa named by James D. Lawrey
Taxa named by Robert Lücking
Basidiolichens
Jan Visman (2 July 1914, in Deventer – 19 February 2006) was a Dutch statistician who played a key role in building a bridge between sampling theory with its homogeneous populations and sampling practice with its heterogeneous sampling units and sample spaces.
Visman studied mining engineering at the Delft University of Technology, and was employed at the Dutch State Mines during the Second World War. He surfaced after the war with a massive amount of test results determined in samples selected from heterogeneous sampling units of coal. In fact, he had gathered so much valuable information that he was encouraged to write a PhD thesis on the sampling of coal. Jan Visman defended his PhD thesis titled "De Monsterneming van Heterogene Binomiale Korrelmengsels, in het Bijzonder Steenkool" at the Technical University of Delft on 17 December 1947.
Visman proved that the variance of the primary sample selection stage (the sampling variance) is the sum of the composition variance and the distribution variance. The composition variance is a measure for variability between particles within primary increments. The distribution variance, in contrast, is a measure for variability between primary increments in a sampling unit, and, thus, for its degree of heterogeneity. He described a simple experiment to estimate the composition and distribution components of the sampling variance. The distribution heterogeneity causes spatial dependence between measured values in ordered sets determined in sampling units and sample spaces.
Visman worked briefly in Ottawa after immigrating to Canada in 1951. Until his retirement in 1976, he headed the Western Regional Laboratories of the Department of Mines and Technical Surveys, which is nowadays known as Energy, Mines & Resources. These laboratories were located in Calgary until 1955 when they moved to Edmonton and are still operating alongside the Alberta Research Council at the Coal Research Centre in Devon, Alberta.
Visman wrote Towards a Common Basis for the Sampling of Materials, Mines Branch Research Report R 93, which was published in July 1962. He participated in ASTM Committees D-5 on Coal and Coke and E-11 on Statistics. ASTM D 2234 Standard Practice for Collection of a Gross Sample of Coal was the first internationally recognized standard to specify a precision estimate for a measured variable. Visman's sampling experiment with small and large increments is described in ASTM D 2234, Annex A1. Test Method for Determining the Variance Components of a Coal. Visman's paper titled A General Sampling Theory was published in the November 1969 issue of Materials Research & Standards.
Jan Visman was an accidental sampling expert because his true calling was coal processing but he became interested in sampling because of his need to understand this process. His innovative work inspired a great deal of progress in sampling theory and practice in many scientific disciplines. His brilliant mind succumbed long before he died on February 19, 2006. Jan Visman's contribution to the bridging of the breach between sampling theory and sampling practice for materials in bulk should be remembered.
References
Various authors, Approaches in Material Sampling, Bastiaan Geelhoed, Editor, IOS Press, 2010
Gy, P, "L'Ếchantillonnage des Minerais en Vrac, Tome 1 Théorie Générale", Jan 1967, Revue de L'Industrie Minérale
Gy, P, "L'Ếchantillonnage des Minerais en Vrac, Tome 2, Théorie Générale Erreurs Opératoires Complements", Sep 1971, Revue de L'Industrie Minérale
Merks, J W, Sampling and Weighing of Bulk Solids, Trans Tech Publications, Claustall-Zellerfeld, 1985
Merks, J and Merks, E, Precision Estimates for Ore Reserves, 1991, Erzmetall, October
Merks, J and Merks, E, Metrology in Mineral Exploration, 2009, APCOM, September
Visman, J, De monsterneming van heterogene binomiale korrelmengsels, in het bijzonder steenkool, PhD Thesis, Delft, 1947
Visman, J, Towards a Common Basis for the Sampling of Materials, Research Report R93, Department of Mines, Ottawa, 1962
Visman, J, "A General Sampling Theory", Materials Research and Standards, Vol 9, No 11, 1969
External links
Visman's sampling equations
Visman's sampling theory in practice
1914 births
2006 deaths
Dutch statisticians
People from Deventer
Delft University of Technology alumni
Dutch emigrants to Canada
Cycling Team Capec was a Kazakh UCI Continental cycling team that existed from 2004 until 2006.
Final team roster
Major wins
2004
Overall Tour of Greece, Assan Bazayev
2005
Overall Tour of China, Andrey Mizourov
Overall Vuelta a la Independencia Nacional, Andrey Mizourov
2006
Overall Tour d'Egypte, Ilya Chernyshov
References
Defunct cycling teams based in Kazakhstan
Cycling teams established in 2004
Cycling teams disestablished in 2006
UCI Continental Teams (Europe)
2004 establishments in Kazakhstan
2006 disestablishments in Kazakhstan
The 2015–16 FC Augsburg season was the club's fifth consecutive season in the Bundesliga and their 47th season overall. They also played in the DFB-Pokal and Europa League.
Competitions
Bundesliga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
DFB-Pokal
UEFA Europa League
Group stage
Knockout phase
Round of 32
Player information
Transfers
Squad and player statistics
|}
Discipline
References
Augsburg
FC Augsburg seasons
Augsburg
Karamanlar is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 73 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Nilfisk is a supplier of professional cleaning equipment in both industrial, commercial and consumer markets. The company is headquartered in Brøndby, Denmark, with sales entities in 45 countries and dealers in more than 100 countries. Nilfisk has manufacturing facilities in various countries. It has approximately 4.844 employees worldwide. The company's core businesses are the supply of industrial and commercial cleaning machines and professional high-pressure cleaning equipment. Nilfisk also markets vacuum cleaners and high-pressure cleaners to consumers. The company was owned by NKT Holding until late 2017. Nilfisk is a part of the United Nations Global Compact. The company was spun off by NKT Holdings in October 2017 and is now listed as an independent company on Nasdaq Copenhagen.
History
Nilfisk was founded in Denmark in 1906 by Peder Andersen Fisker (1875–1975) and Hans Marius Nielsen (1870–1954) as Fisker & Nielsen. Originally the company produced electrical engines as the basic component in ventilators, kitchen elevators, drilling machines and, later on, the Nimbus motorcycle.
In 1989 NKT Holding, listed on the Copenhagen Stock Exchange, bought Fisker & Nielsen. In 1994 Nilfisk A/S acquired Advance Machine Company and in 1998 Nilfisk A/S was renamed Nilfisk-Advance. In 1998 Nilfisk-Advance merged with Euroclean/Kent and between 2000 and 2011, Nilfisk-Advance acquired CFM, Gerni, ALTO, Ecologica, United States Products, Viper, Hydramaster, Egholm, Plataforma and Jungo making Nilfisk-Advance one of the largest suppliers of professional cleaning equipment worldwide. In 2015, Nilfisk-Advance changed name to Nilfisk.
References
External links
Nilfisk Annual Report 2021
Nilfisk CSR Report 2021
Industrial supply companies
Home appliance manufacturers of Denmark
Manufacturing companies based in Copenhagen
Companies based in Brøndby Municipality
Danish companies established in 1906
2017 initial public offerings
Companies listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen
Vacuum cleaner manufacturers
Peter Capell (3 September 1912 – 3 March 1986) was a German actor who was active on screen from 1945 until 1985. Apart from a lengthy film career, he appeared in many television series and mini-series. He appeared in many old time radio programs including the series Dimension X.
His first role was in Winterset, shortly after the end of the Second World War. His final role came a year before his death, when he appeared in Mamas Geburtstag. Both of these were television productions. He also appeared in many films, including Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory (1971). Capell was also in Stanley Kubrick's 1957 war film Paths of Glory (he also narrated the film's opening sequence), co-starring Kirk Douglas.
Death
Capell died in Munich, West Germany on March 3, 1986, aged 73. No cause of death was announced.
Selected filmography
Walk East on Beacon (1952) - Chris Zalenko / Gino
(1955) - Robert Fleming
The Story of Anastasia (1956)
My Father, the Actor (1956)
The Trapp Family (1956) - Ellis Island Officer
Between Time and Eternity (1956) - Police Inspector
Königin Luise (1957)
The Night of the Storm (1957) - Dr. Baumgarten
The Burglar (1957) - Baylock
(1957) - Jim Tompson Capitain
Paths of Glory (1957) - Narrator of Opening Sequence / Chief Judge of Court-Martial
Nasser Asphalt (1958) - Donnagan
The Vikings (1958) - Minor Role (uncredited)
A Gift for Heidi (1958) - Doc.
Taiga (1958)
(1959)
For the First Time (1959) - Leopold Hübner
(1960) - Geck
I Aim at the Stars (1960) - Dr. Neumann
The Big Show (1961) - Pietro Vizzini
Armored Command (1961) - Little General
One, Two, Three (1961) - Mishkin
Auf Wiedersehen (1961) - Louis Holloway
The Counterfeit Traitor (1962) - Unger (uncredited)
Der Prozeß Carl von O. (TV film, 1964) - Dritter Mitarbeiter der 'Weltbühne'
I Deal in Danger (1966) - Eckhardt
Glorious Times at the Spessart Inn (1966) - Bürgermeister
Die goldene Pille (1968) - Priest
Assignment K (1968) - Chalet Landlord (uncredited)
(1970) - Vanetti
Wie kurz ist die Zeit zu lieben (1970) - Pater
Siegfried und das sagenhafte Liebesleben der Nibelungen (1971) - Priest (uncredited)
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory (1971) - The Tinker
(1971) - Arzt Dr. M. Weingärtner
Hausfrauen-Report (1971) - Arzt
Lover of the Great Bear (1971)
Hausfrauen-Report 3.Teil (1971) - Lawyer
Escape to the Sun (1972) - Prof. Abramowiz
Junge Mädchen mögen's heiß, Hausfrauen noch heißer (1973)
Wachtmeister Rahn (1974)
Tod eines Fremden (1976) - Mahmoud
Sorcerer (1977) - Lartigue
Fedora (1978) - Second Director
Son of Hitler (1978) - Fritz Buchmann
The American Success Company (1980) - Lichtenstein
Charlotte (1981) - Grandfather
The Little Drummer Girl (1984) - Schwili
Television
Blue Light (1966) - Prof. Felix Eckhardt
Alexander Zwo (1972) - Friedberg's solicitor
Derrick - (1975-1984) - Drogenboß mit Schäferhund / Häftling / Dr. Bonsmann
(1982) - Abbé Blanes
References
External links
1912 births
1986 deaths
German male film actors
German male television actors
Male actors from Berlin
20th-century German male actors
Absolute Radio Country is a British digital radio station, and is owned and operated by Bauer Radio. It is available in selected areas via DAB, and across the U.K. online, on Smart Speaker and also via the Absolute Radio App as part of the Absolute Radio Network.
History
The station originally launched as Country Hits Radio on 5 April 2019 and was positioned as the UK's first national country music radio station. The station is focused on modern country music and is aimed at listeners of 25–44. RAJAR for Early 2020 puts the station on an average of 257k listeners per week. Absolute Radio Country is available on DAB in London, Birmingham, Manchester, Liverpool, Leeds, South Yorkshire, North Yorkshire, Lancashire, East Yorkshire, Tyne & Wear, Teesside, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Tayside, Inverness and Ayr. In 2021, it was also made available on digital radio in Bristol and Bournemouth.
In February 2021 Bauer revealed that the station would be renamed as Absolute Radio Country and made part of the Absolute Radio Network - the transition took place on 17 May 2021, in tandem with other changes to the availability of Absolute's digital stations. The first song to be played after the launch was "Jolene" by Dolly Parton, which was chosen by listeners via social media.
In June 2022, a sister station called Absolute Radio Classic Country was added to Bauer's Absolute Radio Premium subscription streaming package.
Programming
Absolute Radio Country programming primarily comes from their studios in London as part of the Absolute Radio Network. From Sunday - Thursday from 7pm - 10pm, the station takes programming from Nashville country station WKDF.
Country Music artists have also been guest hosts on the station, including Maddie & Tae, Tenille Townes, Elvie Shane, Sam Palladio, Brothers Osborne & Charles Esten.
Presenters
Dave Berry
Una Healy
Ben Earle
Baylen Leonard
Lou Nash
Matt Spracklen
Jennie Longdon
Hish
Elaina D. Smith
See also
Downtown Radio
Absolute Radio
Absolute Radio Network
References
External links
Digital-only radio stations
Bauer Radio
Radio stations established in 2019
Country radio stations in the United Kingdom
Ewa Brodzka is a Polish filmmaker, production manager, assistant director, second unit director, television director, and casting director. She has worked on many Polish feature films and television series. Notable is her working relationship as first assistant director and production manager with Academy Award winning director Andrzej Wajda.
She has worked on many international productions made in Poland including Roman Polanski's The Pianist and Steven Spielberg's Schindler's List.
She is married to film director Marek Brodzki.
Selected filmography
Feature films:
2009 Tatarak - with director Andrzej Wajda - Production Manager, Casting Director
2007 Katyń - Academy Award nominated film with director Andrzej Wajda - Second Unit Director, Casting Director
2007 Jutro Idziemy Do Kina - award-winning film with director Michał Kwieciński - Second Unit Director, Casting Director
2006 Strike (Strajk) - with director Volker Schlöndorff - Casting Director
2003 The Revenge (Zemsta) - with director Andrzej Wajda - Asst. Director
2002 The Pianist - with director Roman Polanski - Second Asst. Director
2001 Wiedźmin (The Hexer) - Casting Director
1999 Pan Tadeusz - with director Andrzej Wajda - Second Unit Director
1988 And the Violins Stopped Playing - with director Alexander Ramati - Production Organizer
Television:
2008 Teraz Albo Nigdy - series - Casting Director, Second Unit Director
2008 Czas Honoru - series - Casting Director, Second Unit Director
2007 Twarzą w Twarz - series - Casting Director, Second Unit Director
2005-2007 Magda M. - series - Casting Director
2002 Wiedźmin (The Hexer) - series - Casting Director
External links
Ewa Brodzka at the Filmpolski Database
1959 births
Living people
Polish film directors
Polish women film directors
Casting directors
The straight-billed woodcreeper (Dendroplex picus) is a species of bird in the woodcreeper subfamily (Dendrocolaptinae). Its genus, Dendroplex, was recently confirmed to be distinct from Xiphorhynchus.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Panama, Peru, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical mangrove forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
The straight-billed woodcreeper's range is in central and north South America, east of the Andes cordillera, and encompasses the entire Amazon Basin and the Caatinga. The species is found in Panama of Central America, and only the four countries, Chile, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay, of southernmost South America are excluded from the South American range.
References
External links
Straight-billed woodcreeper videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Associação Mãe-da-lua Straight-billed woodcreeper Fotos, sounds, notes
Stamps (for Colombia)
Straight-billed woodcreeper photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
straight-billed woodcreeper
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Brazil
straight-billed woodcreeper
straight-billed woodcreeper
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The outbreak of World War II in Europe completely changed the situation of Polish cultural and literary life. All institutions were liquidated by the Nazi and Soviet occupiers. Artists were forced to create in secrecy or in exile. Polish Literature during World War II suffered tremendous losses under the occupation; however, writers did continue to produce works both underground (Polska podziemna) and abroad (Polska walcząca).
Background
For the first generation, after gaining independence in 1918, September 1939 began with the darkest scenario. The fledgling country faced again the brutality of war and the sorrow of the loss of freedom. The development of literature and culture however was very active during the German occupation: the underground press was set up and groups of young writers started to form. Warsaw was not only the capital of Poland but also the main cultural capital. Warsaw University started to operate in the underground, which helped to maintain a patriotic spirit, not only in cultural aspects but also in military ones.
People from the "Columbus generation" became the most creative: Krzysztof Kamil Baczyński, Tadeusz Gajcy, and Andrzej Trzebiński were the best known – and established the specifics and tendencies of Polish war literature. In German-occupied territories, there were also active writers from the older generation: Leopold Staff, Maria Dąbrowska, Zofia Nałkowska, Jarosław Iwaszkiewicz, Jerzy Zagórski, and Czesław Miłosz. Writers, who were startled by the invasion by the Soviet Union started to work for the communist monthly magazine Nowe Widnokregi (New Horizons), and many of them worked later in the Union of Polish Patriots). Some of these were: Wanda Wasilewska, Jerzy Putrament, and Adam Ważyk. Many writers were arrested, taken to labour or concentration camps or to Soviet camps.
The voice of writers on emigration was also audible. Many of them found asylum in Great Britain and the United States. In France the weekly magazine Polish News was published.
Despite the tough historical circumstances, war literature was very varied in many terms. It was multigenerational work that surprised by its diversity of views and thoughts.
Poetry was the most popular type of literature in those times and the lyrics of young artists (Baczynski, Gajcy, Borowski) characterised the deepest tone. In the time of war and occupation developed also prose writing (Andrzej Trzebiński, Tadeusz Gajcy), where the short forms dominated such as novellas and short stories (Jaroslaw Iwaszkiewicz, Jerzy Andrzejewski). Literature was also the evidence of truth about war, it was notable especially in autobiographical-confessional forms – diaries and memoirs (Maria Dąbrowska, Zofia Nałkowska, Andrzej Trzebinski). During the war, non-fiction blossomed, in an attempt to describe a time of contempt: (Melchior Wańkowicz, Józef Czapski, Gustaw Herling-Grudziński, Borowski).
The Columbus generation
The generation of young writers born around 1920, whose adolescence held during World War II. All of them took part in the resistance against German occupiers and were active during the Warsaw Uprising. Name stemmed from the title of the book The Kolumbs. Year 20 written by Roman Bratny. Representatives of this generation weren't able to lead normal, carefree lives. From the beginning they faced the brutality of the war and had to deal with life during the occupation.
Best known representatives of the Kolumbs generation: Krzysztof Kamil Baczyński, Władysław Bartoszewski, Miron Białoszewski, Teresa Bogusławska, Wacław Bojarski, Tadeusz Borowski, Roman Bratny, Olgierd Budrewicz, Jerzy Ficowski, Tadeusz Gajcy, Gustaw Herling-Grudziński, Krystyna Krahelska, Wojciech Mencel, Włodzimierz Pietrzak, Jan Romocki, Tadeusz Różewicz, Zdzislaw Stroinski, Wisława Szymborska, Andrzej Trzebiński, Józef Szczepański, Zbigniew Herbert, AND Józef Szczepański
"Art and Society"
After the September defeat, culture was assessed as an important psychological factor responsible for collective fate. Writers started to confront reality with literature from twenties of the interwar era, young poets found their own point of view and started to shape the attitudes of Polish society in face of the war. At that time poets were no longer unreasonable romantic artists, as it was before the war, but they were soldiers, who also felt as the voice of Polish nation. Young writers reinterpreted old writings giving them a new meaning, where valuation of the past gained new, moral dimension.
All of their views were described in well-known underground magazine Sztuka i Narod ("Art and Society"). The stories of its editors revealed a hopeless battle for independence: Onufry Bronislaw Kopczynski – first organizer of the magazine, were shot in camp in Majdanek, Waclaw Bojarski – his associate, died from injuries after the action under Mikolaj Kopernik monument, Andrzej Trzebinski, one of the last directors, was shot dead in a public execution in November 1943, and Tadeusz Gajcy died during the Warsaw Uprising in 1944.
Krzysztof Kamil Baczyński
Krzysztof Kamil Baczyński (Jan Bugaj) born in Warsaw on 22 January 1921, was one of the best known Polish war poets; a soldier of the Home Army, involved also in operations of scouts (Szare Szeregi), a representative of "Kolumbs generation". Baczynski had Polish-Jewish origins. He attended to secondary school of Stefan Batory, where he was known as an extremely intelligent boy. At the same school he met his future war companions (Tadeusz Zawadzki "Zoska", Jan Bytnar "Rudy", Maciej Aleksy Dawidowski "Alek"). He studied Polish Literature at the unofficial Warsaw University, but he dropped out to take up for conspiracy and poetry.
During the war he issued 4 volumes of his poetry. His poems, although strongly knitted with the topic of war, showed its universal dimension, he broached timeless topics: human spirit, mind, reflections on youth and adolescence, he tackled with an inevitable apocalypse. He was conscious of the wreck of his generation, but at the same time he seemed to come to terms with this thought. His best-known writing are: Elegy about...Polish boy, Mazovia, History, Gaze, White Magic, Generation. He died at the beginning of the Warsaw Uprising on 4 August 1944.
Tadeusz Gajcy
Tadeusz Gajcy ("Karol Topornicki", "Roman Oscien") was born on 8 February 1922, a poet, a soldier of the Home Army. He studied in a famous catholic secondary school, he was also an altar boy in the Saint John's Church. In 1941 he passed his school final exams and started studying Polish Literature at Warsaw University. During the war he was the last director of magazine Art and Society. His poems are replete with sincere but difficult patriotism. His famous writings are: "Hit", "Uniform Chant", "Rhapsody about Warsaw". He died in the Warsaw Uprising on 22 August 1944.
Notes and references
Bibliography
Tomasz Wroczyński, Literatura polska po 1939 roku, WSiP 1996
Józef Lewandowski, Wokół biografii K. K. Baczyńskiego, Szkło bolesne, obraz dni. Eseje nieprzedawnione, Ex Libris, Uppsala 1991
Polish literature
Polish underground press in World War II
20th-century Polish literature
This is a list of singles that charted in the top ten of the ARIA Charts in 2006.
Top-ten singles
Key
2005 peaks
2007 peaks
Entries by artist
The following table shows artists who achieved two or more top 10 entries in 2006, including songs that reached their peak in 2005 and 2007. The figures include both main artists and featured artists. The total number of weeks an artist spent in the top ten in 2006 is also shown.
References
Top 10 singles
Australia Top 10 singles
Top 10 singles 2006
Australia 2006
Earl M. Willits (October 30, 1946 – July 11, 1990) was an American politician who served in the Iowa House of Representatives from the 57th district from 1971 to 1973 and in the Iowa Senate from the 31st district from 1973 to 1979.
Willits graduated from Union-Whitten High School, earned an undergraduate degree from Iowa State University in 1968 and was honored with the Cardinal's Key for academic excellence. He received a Juris Doctor degree from Drake University Law School in 1974.
In 1979, he resigned from the Senate to work in the Attorney General Office. He eventually functioned as First Assistant Attorney General.
Earl married Martha Oldson of Eagle Grove in 1969 and they were the parents of two daughters, Anne and Emily of Des Moines. They were divorced in 1986. He died of AIDS on July 11, 1990, in Des Moines, Iowa at age 43.
References
1946 births
1990 deaths
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
Iowa state senators
Iowa Democrats
20th-century American politicians
AIDS-related deaths in the United States
Drake University Law School alumni
FC Ile-Saulet () is a defunct Kazakhstani football club that was based in Otegen Batyr (Ile District of Almaty Province).
History
The club was formed in 2006, debuting in the Kazakhstan First Division in 2008, before ceasing to exist at the end of the 2013 season.
Domestic history
Honours
Kazakhstan First Division (1): 2012
References
External links
The team's squad in 2010
Association football clubs established in 2006
Defunct football clubs in Kazakhstan
2006 establishments in Kazakhstan
38th & Blake is a Regional Transportation District (RTD) commuter rail station on the A Line in the Five Points neighborhood of Denver, Colorado. The station is the first station eastbound from Union Station in Downtown Denver and sixth westbound from Denver International Airport. Travel times are about four minutes from Union Station and 33 minutes from Denver Airport.
38th & Blake station is also served by TheRide buses and has a 200-space park-and-ride lot, connected via a pedestrian bridge over freight rail lines.
The station opened on April 22, 2016, along with the rest of the A Line.
38th & Blake station is planned to be the centerpiece to a new, transit-oriented neighborhood that would replace existing industrial buildings with mixed-use buildings for residences, offices and retail. It is also proposed as the northern terminus of the L Line, created by extending the existing terminus north from 30th & Downing station along Downing Street.
References
RTD commuter rail stations in Denver
2016 establishments in Colorado
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2016
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Himachal Pradesh:
Himachal Pradesh – state in North India. Its area is , and is bordered by Jammu and Kashmir on the north, Punjab on the west, Haryana on the south-west, Uttarakhand on the south-east and by the Tibet Autonomous Region on the east. Hima means snow in Sanskrit, and the literal meaning of the state's name is in the lap of the Himalayas. It was named by Acharya Diwakar Datt Sharma, one of the most eminent Sanskrit scholars of Himachal Pradesh.
General reference
Names
Common English name: Himachal Pradesh
Meaning: "Snow-laden Province"
Official English name(s): Himachal Pradesh
Nickname(s):
Adjectival(s): Himachali
Demonym(s): Himachalis
Rankings (amongst India's states)
by population: 21st
by area (2011 census): 18th
by crime rate: 15th
by gross domestic product (GDP) (2014): 21st
by Human Development Index (HDI):
by life expectancy at birth:
by literacy rate:
Geography of Himachal Pradesh
Geography of Himachal Pradesh
Himachal Pradesh is: an Indian state
Population of Himachal Pradesh:
Area of Himachal Pradesh:
Atlas of Himachal Pradesh
Location of Himachal Pradesh
Himachal Pradesh is situated within the following regions:
Northern Hemisphere
Eastern Hemisphere
Eurasia
Asia
South Asia
Indian subcontinent
India
North India
Time zone: Indian Standard Time (UTC+05:30)
Environment of Himachal Pradesh
Climate of Himachal Pradesh
Protected areas of Himachal Pradesh
Biosphere reserves in Himachal Pradesh
National parks of Himachal Pradesh
Wildlife of Himachal Pradesh
Natural geographic features of Himachal Pradesh
Lakes of Himachal Pradesh
Regions of Himachal Pradesh
Ecoregions of Himachal Pradesh
Administrative divisions of Himachal Pradesh
Districts of Himachal Pradesh
Districts of Himachal Pradesh
Municipalities of Himachal Pradesh
Cities of Himachal Pradesh
Capital of Himachal Pradesh: Capital of Himachal Pradesh
Demography of Himachal Pradesh
Demographics of Himachal Pradesh
Government and politics of Himachal Pradesh
Politics of Himachal Pradesh
Form of government: Indian state government (parliamentary system of representative democracy)
Capital of Himachal Pradesh: Capital of Himachal Pradesh
Elections in Himachal Pradesh
Union government in Himachal Pradesh
Rajya Sabha members from Himachal Pradesh
Himachal Pradesh Congress Committee
Indian general election, 2019 (Himachal Pradesh)
Branches of the government of Himachal Pradesh
Government of Himachal Pradesh
Executive branch of the government of Himachal Pradesh
Head of state: Governor of Himachal Pradesh,
Head of government: Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh,
Legislative branch of the government of Himachal Pradesh
Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly
Constituencies of Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly
Judicial branch of the government of Himachal Pradesh
Law and order in Himachal Pradesh
Law enforcement in Himachal Pradesh
Himachal Pradesh Police
History of Himachal Pradesh
History of Himachal Pradesh
History of Himachal Pradesh, by period
Prehistoric Himachal Pradesh
Ancient Himachal Pradesh
Medieval Himachal Pradesh
Colonial Himachal Pradesh
Contemporary Himachal Pradesh
History of Himachal Pradesh, by region
History of Himachal Pradesh, by subject
Culture of Himachal Pradesh
Culture of Himachal Pradesh
Architecture of Himachal Pradesh
Cuisine of Himachal Pradesh
Languages of Himachal Pradesh
Monuments in Himachal Pradesh
Monuments of National Importance in Himachal Pradesh
State Protected Monuments in Himachal Pradesh
World Heritage Sites in Himachal Pradesh
Art in Himachal Pradesh
Music of Himachal Pradesh
People of Himachal Pradesh
People from Himachal Pradesh
Religion in Himachal Pradesh
Religion in Himachal Pradesh
Buddhism in Himachal Pradesh
Sports in Himachal Pradesh
Sports in Himachal Pradesh
Cricket in Himachal Pradesh
Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association
Himachal Pradesh cricket team
Football in Himachal Pradesh
Himachal Pradesh Football Association
Himachal Pradesh State League
Himachal Pradesh football team
Symbols of Himachal Pradesh
Symbols of Himachal Pradesh
State animal:
State bird:
State flower:
State seal: Seal of Himachal Pradesh
State tree:
Economy and infrastructure of Himachal Pradesh
Economy of Himachal Pradesh
Agriculture in Himachal Pradesh
Transport in Himachal Pradesh
Education in Himachal Pradesh
Education in Himachal Pradesh
Institutions of higher education in Himachal Pradesh
Health in Himachal Pradesh
Health in Himachal Pradesh
See also
Outline of India
References
External links
Official website of Himachal Pradesh government
Himachal Pradesh
Himachal Pradesh
Airdrie Central is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. It currently elects four councillors and, as its name suggests, covers central and western parts of Airdrie (including Cairnhill, Coatdyke, Gartlea, Rawyards and Whinhall neighbourhoods). Established in 2007 returning three councillors, a boundary review in 2017 resulted in a very minor change (the addition of a few streets in Burnfoot) and slight population increase, but this was assessed to be sufficient for a fourth seat. The ward had a population of 16,354 in 2019.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2017 Election
2012 Election
2007 Election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Airdrie, North Lanarkshire
Euchaita () was a Byzantine city and diocese in Helenopontus, the Armeniac Theme (northern Asia Minor), and an important stop on the Ancyra-Amasea Roman road.
In Ottoman times, Euchaita was mostly depopulated, but there was a remnant village known as Avhat or Avkat.
Today the Turkish village Beyözü, in the Anatolian province of Çorum (in the subprovince of Mecitözü, Turkey), partly lies on the ruins.
History
Euchaita, in the Roman province of Helenopontus (civil diocese of Pontus) is known mostly due to its role as a major pilgrimage site dedicated to Saint Theodore of Amasea (martyred c. 306).
Its episcopal see was originally a suffragan (no incumbents known) of the Metropolitan of the provincial capital Amasea, in the sway of patriarchate of Constantinople. In the 5th century, the town was a favourite site of exile for disgraced senior churchmen. In 515, the unfortified town was sacked by a Hunnic raid, after which it was rebuilt, fortified and raised to the status of a city by Anastasius I Dicorus (r. 491–518).
It became an autocephalous archbishopric in the early 7th century, as attested by the Notitia Episcopatuum edition of pseudo-Epiphanius, from the reign of Byzantine emperor Heraclius I (circa 640).
The city was burned down by the Sassanid Persians in 615, and attacked by the Arabs under second Umayyad Caliph Mu'awiya I in 640. A second Arab attack captured the city in 663; the raiders plundered the city, destroyed the church of St. Theodore, and wintered there, while the population fled to fortified refuges in the surrounding countryside. The city was rebuilt and soon recovered. The Arabs scored a victory in its vicinity in 810, taking captive the local strategos of the Armeniac Theme and his entire treasury.
A hagiography of the 8th or 9th century claims that the relics of Saint Theodore were at this time still located at Amaseia, but that the Christians of Euchaita with increasing persistence were asking for their transfer to their own city, claiming that this had been the wish of the saint himself when he was alive.
Euchaita became a full metropolitan see under Leo VI the Wise (r. 886–912) and Patriarch Photius of Constantinople, ranking 51st among the Metropolitanates of the Patriarchate, with four suffragan sees : Gazala, Koutziagra, Sibiktos and Bariané, but apparently lost them all no later than the 10th century.
In 972, Emperor John I Tzimiskes renamed the neighbouring Euchaneia, whose exact relation or identity with Euchaita is unclear, into Theodoropolis.
The town is recorded as having a vibrant fair during the festival of St. Theodore in the middle of the 11th century.
After the Battle of Manzikert (1071), Euchaita was at the frontier of the Turkish conquest, and there are no more records about its fate. The settlement was most likely depopulated, and from the 12th century, it was within the Seljuk Sultanate.
By the 16th century, under Ottoman rule, the settlement of Avkat was largely abandoned but there was a dervish lodge or zawiya dedicated to a sufi named Elwan Çelebi on what were presumably the remnants of the church of St. Theodore. When German traveller Hans Dernschwam visited the site in the 1550s, he noted that the dervishes cultivated a remnant of the worship of St. Theodore as the dragon slayer, under the name of Khidr-Ilya. Dernschwam was shown by the derivshes the remains of the dragon slain by "Khidr", as well as a hoofprint and a spring made by his horse, and the tomb of Khidr's groom and his sister's son. Dernschwam also records the presence of the remnants of a church and other fragments of the ancient city. The mosque of Elwan Çelebi is now situated some 5 km west of Beyözü (, at the Çorum-Tokat road, D.180).
Episcopal Ordinaries
Bishops
Peter Mongus (c. 447)
Mamas (acceded under Anastasius I Dicorus, r. 491—518)
unknown
John (6th c.)
unknown
Archbishops
Epiphanios (before 681—later 692), attended the Ecumenical Third Council of Constantinople (680–681, which repudiated as heresies Monothelitism and Monoenergism) and the disciplinary Quinisext Council at Trullo in 692
unknown
Theophylact (in 787), participated in the Ecumenical Second Council of Nicaea in 787
Peter (c. 7th/8th c.)
Metropolitans
Euthymios (Euphemianos) (9th c.), expelled
Euthymius (Euphemianus) (869/870—later 882/886), got a second term
Theodorus Santabarenos (880—886)
Symeon (9th c.)
Philaretos (in 945)
Philotheos (fl. 963—971), synkellos
Theophilus (?—?)
Symeon (early 11th c.)
Michael (1028—1032)
Manuel (Emmanuei) (11th c.), synkellos
Eustratios
John Mauropous (fl. 1047), protosynkellos
Nikolaos (in 1054)
Theodore (before 1082)
Basil (1082—1092)
unknown metropolitan (1157)
Constantine (1161—1171)
Leo (1173)
unknown metropolitan (1185)
Basil (1260)
Alexius (1275)
unknown metropolitan (1318)
Titular metropolitans
In 1327, the sees of Euchaita, Sebasteia and Iconion were unified with the see of Caesarea.
From the 17th century, titular metropolitans were consecrated in Wallachia.
Meletius (1632)
Jacob (1656)
Parthenius (1674)
Joasaph (later 1674)
unknown
Synesius (1835—1840)
vacant
Latin Titular archbishopric
The archbishopric was nominally restored in 1922 as Latin titular archbishopric of Eucaita. In 1925 it was demoted as titular bishopric of Eucaita, but before another incumbent could take possession it was in 1929 again promoted as titular archbishopric, now under the names Euchaitæ, Eucaita or Euchaitenus.
There have been only three titular archbishops, between 1922 and 1972:
Bernard Adriaan Gijlswijk (O.P.) (2 December 1922 – 22 December 1944)
Octavio Antonio Beras Rojas (O.P.) (2 May 1945 – 10 December 1961)
Bolesław Kominek (19 March 1962 – 28 June 1972).
Archaeology
From 2006 to 2012, there were archaeological excavations led by John Haldon of Princeton University. The Avkat Archaeological Project was a collaboration between Princeton University, Trent University, the College of Charleston, the University of Birmingham, Ankara University and the Middle East Technical University (Ankara). The excavation report was published in 2018.
References
Pius Bonifacius Gams, Series episcoporum Ecclesiae Catholicae, Leipzig 1931, p. 442
Michel Lequien, Oriens christianus in quatuor Patriarchatus digestus, Paris 1740, vol; I, coll. 543-548
Jean Darrouzès, Remarques sur des créations d'évêchés byzantins, in Revue des études byzantines, vol. 47, 1989, pp. 215–221
Heinrich Gelzer, Ungedruckte und ungenügend veröffentlichte Texte der Notitiae episcopatuum, in: Abhandlungen der philosophisch-historische classe der bayerische Akademie der Wissenschaften, 1901, pp. 529–641
External links
GCatholic - (former and) titular (arch)bishopric
Populated places in ancient Pontus
Catholic titular sees in Asia
Suppressed Roman Catholic dioceses
Former populated places in Turkey
Populated places of the Byzantine Empire
Roman towns and cities in Turkey
History of Çorum Province
Bridge Inn may refer to:
Bridge Inn, Topsham, Grade II listed public house at Bridge Hill, Topsham, Devon, England
Bridge End Inn, pub in Ruabon, Wales
Trent Bridge Inn, pub in Nottingham, England
Lan Ekintza Bilbao is the local development agency of the Bilbao City Council with a public service mission, which started operations in 1989. Its remit is to improve the quality of life of the citizens and the city of Bilbao, ensuring that development maintains a socio-economic balance among the city's districts and their residents.
Lan Ekintza's responsibilities include employment offices, promoting city trade, and boosting entrepreneurship and innovation.
Targets
Job seekers.
Marginalised social collectives.
Individuals needing training.
Young entrepreneurs.
SMEs and Microcompanies.
Companies seeking advisory services.
Bilbao shops.
Institutions and Social Stakeholders.
Impact indicators
Employment
Total 2000-2009
People processed: 38,728 people
People finding jobs: 16,225 people
People contracted: 2,807 people
Participation in programmes for Vocational Training/Qualifications: 10,741 people
Entrepreneurship
Total 2000-2009
People processed: 12,335 people
Companies receiving support: 923 people
Direct employment generated: 1,712 people
Investment made: €37,860,830
Commerce
Total 2009
Business information queries: 97
Individualised diagnostics: 53
Advice at the retail outlet: 57
Subsidies awarded: €76,500
Training actions: 130 stores
Support for Bilbao Dendak and Bilbao Traders Association: €357,000
Bilbao
Government of Spain
1989 establishments in Spain
Cazangic is a commune in Leova District, Moldova. It is composed of three villages: Cazangic, Frumușica and Seliște.
Notable people
Valeriu Matei
Iurie Matei
References
Communes of Leova District
Bromodifluoroacetyl chloride is a chemical compound with the formula BrCF2COCl. It has been used as a starting material for the synthesis of (biologically active) α,α-difluoro-γ-lactams and has been used in the synthesis of trifluoromethylated C-nucleosides.
See also
Acetyl chloride
Trifluoroacetic acid
References
Acyl chlorides
Organochlorides
Organofluorides
Organobromides
Meridianiite is the mineral consisting of magnesium sulfate undecahydrate, . It is colorless transparent crystalline salt that precipitates from solutions saturated in Mg2+ and SO42− ions at temperatures less than 2 °C. The synthetic compound was formerly known as Fritzsche's salt.
Meridianiite is a naturally occurring mineral species found on Earth in a variety of environments including sea ice, crusts and efflorescences in coal/metal mines, cave systems, oxidized zones of sulfide deposits, salt lakes/playas and Antarctic ice-cores. It is commonly associated with other evaporite minerals such as epsomite, mirabilite, halides, and other sodium-magnesium-sulfates. There is some evidence that it was once present on the surface of Mars, and may occur in several bodies of the Solar System. As of 2012, it was the only undecahydrate sulfate known.
Properties
Meridianiite belongs to the triclinic crystal system, having cell parameters a = 6.7459 Å, b = 6.8173 Å, c = 17.299 Å, a density = 1.512 g/cm3, x-ray diffraction peaks at d-spacings = 5.73, 5.62, 5.41, 4.91, 4.85, 2.988, 2.958 (the highest intensity), and 2.940, and is IR active. It produces needle-shaped to broad flat crystals that are clear to colorless-white.
Meridianiite decomposes incongruently above 2 °C to produce epsomite (MgSO4·7H2O) and water. Meridaniite and water have a eutectic point at −3.9 °C and 17.3% (mass) of MgSO4.
Meridianiite can incorporate large proportions of other divalent cations (whose sulfates themselves do not seem to form an undecahydrate) as solid solution, without changes to its structure. These include nickel (up to about 27% of the cations replaced), zinc (up to about 27%), cobalt (up to about 67%), manganese(II) (about 62%), copper (about 8%), and iron(II) (about 8%).
At pressures of about 0.9 GPa and at 240 K, meridianiite decomposes into a mixture of ice VI and the enneahydrate ,
Discovery
In 1837 by C. J. Fritzsche described what he interpreted as magnesium sulfate dodecahydrate, based on the weight loss during dehydration to the anhydrous salt. The substance was referred to as "Fritzsche's salt" and not formally given a mineral name or designation.
The crystal structure was later resolved by Peterson and Wang in 2006, revealing that it belonged to the triclinic crystal system, and each formula unit included 11 molecules of water, not 12.
The name "meridianiite" is derived from Meridiani Planum, the locality on Mars where it is believed to have existed in the past. The mineral species and the name were approved by the Commission on New Mineral Names and Mineral Nomenclature of the International Mineralogical Association in November 2007.
Occurrence on Earth
Meridianiite has been found to occur on the surface of the ice layer formed in winter over the ponds known as Basque Lakes, in Canada. The water in those ponds has a high concentration of magnesium sulfate and other salts. Water seeping through the ice layer evaporates at the surface leaving a deposit of crystalline meridianiite.
Meridianiite has also been detected in sea-ice collected in winter from the saline Lake Saroma in Japan, as well as in ice cores from Dome Fuji station, Antarctica, near the summit of the east Dronning Maud Land plateau.
Extraterrestrial occurrence
Imagery of the massive sulfate deposits sent back by the NASA Opportunity rover in Meridiani Planum show numerous needle-shaped void spaces throughout the deposit. The now empty angular holes are interpreted as being cavities once filled by a highly soluble mineral species, most likely a magnesium sulfate. These cavities are observed to closely match the crystal habit of meridianiite, and have been proposed as sites where crystals of meridianiite were located, having subsequently dissolved when environmental conditions rendered the crystal unstable. Due to the decomposition of meridianiite to 70% epsomite and 30% water, it has been proposed that meridianiite may represent a periodic reservoir of water near the Martian surface. During warmer periods in Mars' history it is possible that triggered melting of this mineral may help explain the occurrence of some of the chaotic, and short lived, surface-water episodes throughout Martian history.
Remote sensing of other planetary bodies has also indicated the presence of numerous hydrated mineral species, including sulfates, near various planetary surfaces, a prominent example of which is Jupiter's moon Europa. The relatively smooth, and very young surface of Europa has been interpreted as evidence for a putative ocean beneath the moons icy surface, and is therefore suggestive of liquid brine at depth. Due to the cryospheric conditions present on Europa it is likely that any magnesium sulfate minerals present, and in contact with liquid water, would inherently occur as meridianiite, and thus, it may make up an important mineral phase, and liquid water reservoir at depth.
Gallery
References
Magnesium minerals
Sulfate minerals
Triclinic minerals
Minerals in space group 2
Statistics is the mathematical science involving the collection, analysis and interpretation of data. A number of specialties have evolved to apply statistical and methods to various disciplines. Certain topics have "statistical" in their name but relate to manipulations of probability distributions rather than to statistical analysis.
Actuarial science is the discipline that applies mathematical and statistical methods to assess risk in the insurance and finance industries.
Astrostatistics is the discipline that applies statistical analysis to the understanding of astronomical data.
Biostatistics is a branch of biology that studies biological phenomena and observations by means of statistical analysis, and includes medical statistics.
Business analytics is a rapidly developing business process that applies statistical methods to data sets (often very large) to develop new insights and understanding of business performance & opportunities
Chemometrics is the science of relating measurements made on a chemical system or process to the state of the system via application of mathematical or statistical methods.
Demography is the statistical study of all populations. It can be a very general science that can be applied to any kind of dynamic population, that is, one that changes over time or space.
Econometrics is a branch of economics that applies statistical methods to the empirical study of economic theories and relationships.
Environmental statistics is the application of statistical methods to environmental science. Weather, climate, air and water quality are included, as are studies of plant and animal populations.
Epidemiology is the study of factors affecting the health and illness of populations, and serves as the foundation and logic of interventions made in the interest of public health and preventive medicine.
Forensic statistics is the application of probability models and statistical techniques to scientific evidence, such as DNA evidence, and the law. In contrast to "everyday" statistics, to not engender bias or unduly draw conclusions, forensic statisticians report likelihoods as likelihood ratios (LR).
Geostatistics is a branch of geography that deals with the analysis of data from disciplines such as petroleum geology, hydrogeology, hydrology, meteorology, oceanography, geochemistry, geography.
Jurimetrics is the application of probability and statistics to law.
Machine learning is the subfield of computer science that formulates algorithms in order to make predictions from data.
Operations research (or operational research) is an interdisciplinary branch of applied mathematics and formal science that uses methods such as mathematical modeling, statistics, and algorithms to arrive at optimal or near optimal solutions to complex problems; Management science focuses on problems in the business world.
Population ecology is a sub-field of ecology that deals with the dynamics of species populations and how these populations interact with the environment.
Psychometrics is the theory and technique of educational and psychological measurement of knowledge, abilities, attitudes, and personality traits.
Quality control reviews the factors involved in manufacturing and production; it can make use of statistical sampling of product items to aid decisions in process control or in accepting deliveries.
Quantitative psychology is the science of statistically explaining and changing mental processes and behaviors in humans.
Reliability engineering is the study of the ability of a system or component to perform its required functions under stated conditions for a specified period of time
Statistical finance, an area of econophysics, is an empirical attempt to shift finance from its normative roots to a positivist framework using exemplars from statistical physics with an emphasis on emergent or collective properties of financial markets.
Statistical mechanics is the application of probability theory, which includes mathematical tools for dealing with large populations, to the field of mechanics, which is concerned with the motion of particles or objects when subjected to a force.
Statistical physics is one of the fundamental theories of physics, and uses methods of probability theory in solving physical problems.
Statistical signal processing utilizes the statistical properties of signals to perform signal processing tasks.
Statistical thermodynamics is the study of the microscopic behaviors of thermodynamic systems using probability theory and provides a molecular level interpretation of thermodynamic quantities such as work, heat, free energy, and entropy.
See also
List of statistics topics
Fields of application
Pärnu JK Vaprus is a football club based in Pärnu, Estonia, that competes in the Meistriliiga, the top flight of Estonian football.
History
Vaprus was formed in May 1922, as Sporting Society Vaprus. Among other sports Vaprus competed in the local Pärnu football championships, winning in 1927 and 1934. In 1937, Vaprus merged with several other local sporting clubs to form Pärnu Kalev.
The club was re-established in 1999 as an amateur team playing in the lower leagues. In 2003, several local clubs merged with Vaprus, including former top league club Pärnu Levadia, forming a working football club.
Vaprus won the 2005 Esiliiga season and was promoted to the Meistriliiga. The club finished their first Meistriliiga season in 7th place. Vaprus finished the 2008 Meistriliiga season in 10th place, but managed to avoid direct relegation due to disbandment of TVMK. However, the club was still relegated after losing the relegation play-offs against Paide Linnameeskond.
In 2010, Vaprus formed a united team Pärnu Linnameeskond with Pärnu JK and Pärnu Kalev. Pärnu Linnameeskond reached Estonian top flight in 2015, but broke up after two seasons with Vaprus inheriting their league spot for 2017.
Honours
Esiliiga
Winners (1): 2005, 2020
II Liiga
Winners (1): 2004
III Liiga
Winners (1): 2000
Players
First-team squad
For season transfers, see transfers winter 2021–22 and transfers summer 2022.
Reserves and academy
Personnel
Current technical staff
Managerial history
Seasons and statistics
References
External links
Official website
Pärnu JK Vaprus
Football clubs in Estonia
Meistriliiga clubs
Sport in Pärnu
Association football clubs established in 1922
1922 establishments in Estonia
Halland County or Region Halland held a regional council election on 9 September 2018, the same day as the general and municipal elections.
Results
The number of seats remained at 71 with the Social Democrats winning the most at 19, a drop of four from in 2014.
Municipal results
Images
References
Elections in Halland County
Halland
A Maid in Bedlam is a 1977 album by The John Renbourn Group.
Track listing
All tracks Traditional; except where indicated
"Black Waterside" – 3:24
"Nacht Tanz/Shaeffertanz" (Tielman Susato) – 3:26
"A Maid in Bedlam" – 3:57
"Gypsy Dance/Jews Dance" (Hans Neusidler) – 3:27
"John Barleycorn" – 3:40
"Reynardine" – 3:23
"My Johnny was a Shoemaker" – 2:46
"Death and the Lady" – 3:21
"The Battle of Augrham/5 in a Line" – 5:49
"Talk About Suffering" – 3:29
Personnel
The John Renbourn Group
John Renbourn – guitars, vocals
Tony Roberts – vocals, flute, recorders, oboe, piccolo flute
Jacqui McShee – vocals
Sue Draheim – fiddle, vocals
Keshav Sathe – tabla, finger cymbals
Technical
Nic Kinsey - engineer
References
1977 albums
John Renbourn albums
Transatlantic Records albums
"I Like Beer" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Tom T. Hall. The song was released in August 1975 as the lead single from the album, I Wrote a Song About It. The song peaked at number 4 on the U.S. country singles chart and number 12 on the Canadian country singles chart.
Plot
In the first verse, Hall explains that in previous songs of his, that he mentioned his fondness for beer, and for this song, he would like to make this explicit, praising its mood-mellowing effects and explaining in the chorus that he does not like the coarseness of whiskey, the cost of champagne or the effects vodka has on him (makes him run his mouth; ostensibly getting him in trouble). In the second verse, he takes joy in embarrassing his vermouth-drinking wife by yelling out for a beer. In the third verse, Hall tells of a dream he had of heaven, where the water tasted like beer before, to his disappointment, "they turned it all into wine."
Chart performance
References
External links
1975 singles
Tom T. Hall songs
Songs written by Tom T. Hall
Song recordings produced by Jerry Kennedy
1975 songs
Mercury Records singles
Songs about alcohol
This topic covers notable events and articles related to 2014 in music.
Specific locations
Specific genres
Albums released
Awards
Bands formed
Akdong Musician
Antemasque
American Wrestlers
The Babe Rainbow
Berry Good
Cheat Codes
FFS
High4
Hotshot
Lovelyz
Lip Service
Maddie & Tae
Mamamoo
Melody Day
Missio
MINX
No Devotion
Oh Wonder
Operation: Mindcrime
Red Velvet
Sonamoo
Saint Asonia
Sheer Mag
Slaves
Sofi Tukker
Soul Glo
Stereo Kicks
The Barbrettes
Toheart
Winner
You+Me
Bands reformed
American Football
Atreyu
Babes In Toyland
Basement
Breaking Benjamin
Constantines
Copeland
Deep Dish
Despised Icon
Design the Skyline
Erase Errata
Failure
Haste the Day
L7
The Libertines
Luna
The Matches
Metro Station
Midtown
Mineral
Nickel Creek
OutKast
Ride
Saosin
Sleater-Kinney
Slowdive
Trick Pony
The Unicorns
Bands on hiatus
As I Lay Dying
Darkside
Dredg
Foxy Shazam
Furthur
The Wanted
Yeah Yeah Yeahs
Bands disbanded
Abandon All Ships
The Allman Brothers Band
Anberlin
As Blood Runs Black
Austrian Death Machine
Beady Eye
Beastie Boys
Beneath the Sky
The Blackout
Bleeding Through
Bomb the Music Industry!
Brown Bird
Camp Freddy
Chimaira
The Civil Wars
Clipse
Company of Thieves
Crystal Castles
Danity Kane
The Dangerous Summer
Eleventyseven
For All Those Sleeping
Guided by Voices
Jethro Tull
The Knife
Lestat
LFO
The Luchagors
Morning Parade
The Move
Orbital
Nightmare Boyzzz
Nachtmystium
Pink Floyd
The Rapture
Richard Cheese and Lounge Against the Machine
Rob Base and DJ E-Z Rock
Slaughterhouse
Smith Westerns
The Swellers
Ten Second Epic
There for Tomorrow
Vista Chino
Vivian Girls
WC and the Maad Circle
Deaths
January
13 – Ronny Jordan (51), British guitarist.
27 – Pete Seeger (94), American guitarist.
February
5 – Samantha Juste (69), English-American singer and television host.
8 – Finbarr Dwyer (67), Irish accordionist and fiddler.
16 – Raymond Louis Kennedy, 67, American pop-rock singer-songwriter
17 – Frank Wappat (84), British DJ and singer.
24 – Franny Beecher (92), American guitarist.
25
Paco de Lucía (66), Spanish virtuoso flamenco guitarist, composer and producer.
Peter Callander (74), English songwriter and record producer.
March
5 – Dave Sampson (73), English singer.
6 – Marion Stein (Thorpe) (87), British pianist.
April
2 – Lyndsie Holland (75), English actress and singer.
7 – John Shirley-Quirk (83), British operatic bass-baritone.
16 – Stan Kelly-Bootle (84), British songwriter, author and computer engineer.
17 – Cheo Feliciano (78), Puerto Rican singer and composer (Joe Cuba Sextet)
18 – Brian Priestman (87), British conductor (Denver Symphony Orchestra).
May
13 – Akihiro Yokoyama (49), Japanese thrash metal bassist (United)
25 – Herb Jeffries (100), American singer and actor.
June
18 – Horace Silver (85), American jazz pianist.
21 – Jimmy C. Newman (86), country music singer.
July
3 – Jesse Anderson (73), American blues singer-songwriter and musician.
11 – Charlie Haden (76), American upright-bassist.
19 – Lionel Ferbos (103), American trumpeter.
24 – Christian Falk (52), Swedish record producer and musician.
August
3 – Yvette Giraud (97), French singer and actress.
15 – Svein Nymo (61), Norwegian violinist and composer.
17 – Pierre Vassiliu (76), Swiss-born French singer.
19 – Kåre Kolberg (78), Norwegian composer.
23 – Inga Juuso (68), singer and actress.
24 – Aldo Donati (66), Italian singer, composer and television personality, (cerebral hemorrhage)
29
Jan Groth (68), Norwegian singer (Aunt Mary, Just 4 Fun), (cancer).
Peret (79), Spanish singer, guitarist and composer.
September
2 – Antonis Vardis (66), Greek composer and singer.
8
Magda Olivero (104), Italian soprano.
Gerald Wilson (96), American jazz trumpeter.
12 – Joe Sample (75), American pianist.
17 – George Hamilton IV (77), American country music singer.
18 – Kenny Wheeler (84), Canadian jazz composer, trumpeter and flugelhorn player.
October
10 – Olav Dale (55), Norwegian jazz saxophonist, composer and orchestra leader.
16 – Tim Hauser (72), American jazz singer.
20 - Tyson Stevens (29), vocals, additional guitar, bass guitar in Arizona Post Hardcore band Scary Kids Scaring Kids.
25 – Jack Bruce (71), Scottish bassist, composer and orchestra leader.
November
6 – Maggie Boyle (57), British folk singer and musician (cancer).
14 – Mike Burney (70), British jazz saxophonist.
15 – Cherry Wainer (79), South African-born British organist (Lord Rockingham's XI).
17 – Jeff Fletcher (36), British guitarist (Northern Uproar).
20 – Arthur Butterworth (91), English composer and conductor.
December
8 – Knut Nystedt (99), Norwegian composer.
12 – John Persen (73), Norwegian composer.
24 – Buddy DeFranco (91), American jazz clarinetist.
31 – Michael Kennedy (88), English writer on music.
See also
Timeline of musical events
Women in music
References
2014-related lists
Music by year
The Broken Bridge is a 1990 young adult novel by Philip Pullman. Set in Wales around Cardigan Bay, it tells the story of Ginny Howard, a young mixed-race girl, an aspiring artist, who discovers she has a half-brother and that her mother may still be alive.
Plot
Ginny is sixteen, life is great...
She's turning out to be a brilliant artist like her mother-who died when she was a baby-she loves her home by the sea and, best of all, Andy has come back for the summer. But Ginny's perfect world is about to shatter.
Her father has kept a devastating secret from her and, piece by piece, she discovers that everything he has told her about herself is a lie. So who is she? Ginny must return to the dark tragedies of the past to find out.
References
1990 British novels
Novels by Philip Pullman
British young adult novels
Novels set in Wales
Cardigan Bay
Macmillan Publishers books
1990 children's books
Sherig-ool Dizizhikovich Oorzhak (, ; born July 24, 1942 in the village of Shekpeer in independent People's Republic of Tuva), was the leader of Tuva for 21 years, from 1986 to 2007.
Oorzhak graduated from the Timiryazev Moscow Agricultural academy in 1971. Then he was an economist, director in the state farm "Shekpeer" in 1971-1980.
In 1983 he became activist of the Tuvan branch of the Communist Party. He graduated from Novosibirsk High Communist Party School in 1985. From December 1986 he was First Secretary at the Tuvan branch of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, Tuva's de facto leader at the time.
He was three-times deputy of Supreme Soviet of Tuva Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic. From 1990 to 1992 he was Chairman of the Council of Ministers (i.e. Prime Minister) of Tuva ASSR. In 1990 he was elected people's deputy of RSFSR. In August 1991 he suffered a defeat from Kaadyr-ool Bicheldei in the race for Chairman of the Supreme Soviet of Tuva ASSR.
On March 15, 1992 he was elected to be President of the Republic of Tuva. In 1993 he was Head of the Constitutional commission of Tuva (the Constitution was adopted on October 21, 1993). In 1997 he was re-elected as President.
According to the Tuvan constitution, Tuva was "an independent state in association with Russia" and could "declare war and sign international agreements of its own will". During Russian regional constitutions' revision in 2000, these phrases were removed from the document. As political career of Oorzhak became uncertain after this, he had to pay some respect to Russian president and his affiliates and provided places in Federation Council from Tuva to Serguey Pugachev and Lyudmila Narusova. The first is Kremlin-affiliated bank owner, while the second is the widow of Anatoly Sobchak.
In 2001 new Constitution of Tuva cancelled the post of the President of Tuva, replacing it with a new post of Head of Republic, to make it possible for Oorzhak to avoid the two-term limit for President. On March 17, 2002 with 53% of the vote he was elected as Head of the Republic and changed his title from President to Head of Republic.
He was forced to resign on April 6, 2007 after local opposition clans had made publicity of Oorzhak's corruption.
Honours and awards
Order of Merit for the Fatherland, 3rd class (9 April 2007) - "for services to the state and many years of honest work"
Order of Honour (2002)
Order of Friendship (1997)
External links
Interview with Oorzhak
1942 births
Living people
People from Barun-Khemchiksky District
Tuvan people
Heads of the Republic of Tuva
Members of the Federation Council of Russia (1994–1996)
Members of the Federation Council of Russia (1996–2000)
Recipients of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland", 3rd class
Recipients of the Order of Honour (Russia)
The Battle of Stadtlohn was fought on 6 August 1623 between the armies of the Electoral Palatinate and of the Catholic League during the Thirty Years' War. The League's forces were led by Johann Tserclaes, Count of Tilly, the Protestants by Christian of Brunswick.
Campaign
A year after his defeat at the Battle of Fleurus, Christian of Brunswick found himself in command of an army of 15,000, freshly recruited and rested from winter quarters in the United Provinces. He reopened his campaign in the summer of 1623 by marching into the Lower Saxon Circle.
With no support forthcoming from other Protestant princes, or even from Christian's recent ally Ernst von Mansfeld, Christian now found himself in a precarious military position with little possibility of reinforcement. To add to this, Tilly had received word of Christian's movements and was now moving to confront him.
The second half of July 1623 thus became a period of retreat for Christian's forces, as Tilly's troops had marched across the Saxon border on 13 July.
Christian reportedly marched across the Weser River on 27 July and the Ems River a few days later, with the Count of Tilly's more disciplined troops steadily gaining ground.
When Christian left Greven, (north of Münster), on 4 August, Tilly was only half an hour behind. Christian's rearguard managed to ward off an engagement for two more days, holding the bridges first over the Vechte (at Metelen) and then over the Dinkel (at Heek). Tilly's army continued to pursue Christian's. His vanguard, commanded by Johann Jakob, Count of Bronckhorst and Anholt, engaged Christian's rearguard, commanded by Colonel Styrum, near Heek on the morning of 6 August, forcing Christian to fall back across the Ahauser Aa (upper Schipbeek), meeting up with the rearguard, commanded by Baron Knyphausen, between the villages of Wessum and Wüllen.
The battle
At 2 p.m. on 6 August, Christian, after several more hours of retreat, was forced to turn and fight just outside the village of Stadtlohn in Westphalia, in a parish boundary ditch known as the Wüllener Landwehr, a little over five miles short of the Dutch border. The Catholics took the date to be an auspicious sign, since it was the Feast of the Transfiguration. Taking position on a hill, Christian's forces withstood lengthy bombardment before an attack by Tilly's cavalry engulfed Christian's right flank, leading his own cavalry to break and rout. On this sight, the infantrymen also attempted to flee. Tilly's forces swept upon their retreating enemies, killing some 6,000 and capturing 4,000 more than prisoners of war. Among the losses were 50 of Christian's highest-ranking officers, and all of his artillery and ammunition. Christian himself escaped, together with 5,500 survivors. Tilly's army suffered 1,000 casualties. A thousand of the prisoners of war enlisted in Tilly's army, but most deserted when they found standards of discipline higher than they had become used to in Christian's army.
The captured artillery pieces were displayed on the marketplace in Coesfeld, and some of the enemy wounded were conveyed to Münster for treatment. It was reported that many of those fleeing who managed to evade their enemies, fell victim to the ill-will of the peasantry.
Impact
With news of the outcome reaching Frederick V of the Palatinate, he was forced to sign an armistice with Holy Roman Emperor Ferdinand II, thus ending the 'Palatine Phase' of the Thirty Years' War.
Frederick V's hereditary lands and seat in the Electoral College were awarded to Duke Maximilian of Bavaria, an eminent leader of the Catholic League. From 1623 he styled himself Maximilian I, Elector of Bavaria and his duchy Electorate of Bavaria.
Peace would be short-lived, however, and in 1624 England, France, the United Provinces of the Netherlands, Sweden, Denmark, Savoy, Venice, and Brandenburg would join in an anti-Habsburg alliance to fight against Spain and the Holy Roman Emperor.
This was the last major battle and campaign that Christian of Brunswick would undertake and participate in. He would attempt to embark on one more campaign in 1626 before succumbing to an illness on 16 June 1626, at the age of 26 in Wolfenbüttel.
References
Stadtlohn
Stadtlohn
Stadtlohn
1623 in Europe
Stadtlohn
Münster (region)
1623 in the Holy Roman Empire
Stadtlohn
Computational geophysics is the field of study that uses any type of numerical computations to generate and analyze models of complex geophysical systems. It can be considered an extension, or sub-field, of both computational physics and geophysics. In recent years, computational power, data availability, and modelling capabilities have all improved exponentially, making computational geophysics a more populated discipline. Due to the large computational size of many geophysical problems, high-performance computing can be required to handle analysis. Modeling applications of computational geophysics include atmospheric modelling, oceanic modelling, general circulation models, and geological modelling. In addition to modelling, some problems in remote sensing fall within the scope of computational geophysics such as tomography, inverse problems, and 3D reconstruction.
Geophysical models
The generation of geophysical models is a key component of computational geophysics. Geophysical models are defined as "physical-mathematical descriptions of temporal and/or spatial changes in important geological variables, as derived from accepted laws, theories, and empirical relationships." Geophysical models are frequently used by researchers in all disciplines of environmental science.
In climate science, atmospheric, oceanic, and general circulation models are a crucial standby for researchers. Although remote sensing has been steadily providing more and more in-situ measurements of geophysical variables, nothing comes close to the temporal and geospatial resolution of data provided by models. Although data can be subject to accuracy issues due to the extrapolation techniques used, the usage of modeled data is a commonly accepted practice in climate and meteorological sciences. Oftentimes, these models will be used in concert with in-situ measurements.
A few well-known models are
NCEP/NCAR Reanalysis Project, an atmospheric model
Global Forecast System, a numerical weather prediction model
HYCOM, a general ocean circulation model
Geological system models are frequently used in research, but have less public data availability than climatic and meteorological models. There is a wide range of software available that allows for geomodelling.
Remote sensing
The United States Geological Survey (USGS) defines remote sensing as the measurement of some property by transmitting some type of radiation at a distance, and measuring the emitted and reflected radiation. Remote sensing can involve satellites, cameras, and sound wave emission. Remote sensing is inherently a type of indirect measurement, meaning that some type of computation must be completed in order to obtain a measurement of the property of interest. For some applications, these computations can be highly complex. In addition, the analysis of these data products can be classified as computational geophysics.
Programs of study
In Canada, computational geophysics is offered as a university major in the form of a BSc (Hon.) with co-op at Carleton University.
Elsewhere, Rice University has a Center for Computational Geophysics, while Princeton University, the University of Texas, and California Institute of Technology have similar research centers. Experts, laboratories, projects, internships, undergraduate programs, graduate programs and/or facilities in the program exist at the University of Queensland, Wyoming University, Boston University, Stanford University, Uppsala University, Kansas State University, Kingston University, Australian National University, University of California, San Diego, University of Washington, ETH Zurich, University of Sydney, Appalachian State University, University of Minnesota, University of Tasmania, Bahria University, Boise State University, University of Michigan, University of Oulu, University of Utah, and others.
Laboratories
Federal organizations that study or apply computational geophysics include
Earth System Research Laboratory at NOAA
Earth Sciences Division at NASA
References
See also
Comparison of free geophysics software
Computational fluid dynamics
History of geophysics
List of ocean circulation models
Meteorological reanalysis
Numerical weather prediction
Computational science
Geophysics
Computational fields of study
Mark O'Connell may refer to:
Mark O'Connell (bishop) (born 1964), American Roman Catholic bishop
Mark O'Connell (musician), drummer and member of the band Taking Back Sunday
Mark O'Connell (writer), Irish writer and author
The 1960–61 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 50th since its establishment.
League table
References
1960–61 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
The black-hooded thrush (Turdus olivater) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is mainly found in Venezuela and in certain parts of Colombia (mainly in the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta). Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
black-hooded thrush
Birds of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta
Birds of Venezuela
black-hooded thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Flag of Atacama Region is one of the regional symbols of the Chilean Atacama Region.
This emblem was created in 1859 during the Chilean Revolution of 1859, when liberal rebel forces fought against the national government. After the revolutionaries were defeated, the flag went out of use until recent times.
The design is a blue field with a yellow star in the center. This is not clear who was the creator, but is attributed to Pedro León Gallo Goyenechea, the leader of rebels. The star and colours would represent the secularist-laicist and liberal ideology that was defended in the rebellion.
This flag was adopted officially in 1997 by the Regional Government of Atacama. The regional flag must be hoisted on the building of the Regional Government and any other where he performs his duties, according to the regional rules.
See also
Flag of Valdivia
References
External links
About the Atacama Flag
Atacama Region
Atacama
Atacama
Alzuza is a locality and council located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 253.
Geography
Alzuza is located 10km east-northeast of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Washington County Courthouse may refer to:
St. Stephens Courthouse, St. Stephens, Alabama, formerly the Washington County Courthouse
Washington County Courthouse (Arkansas), Fayetteville, Arkansas
Washington County Courthouse (Florida), Chipley, Florida
Washington County Courthouse (Georgia), Sandersonville, Georgia
Washington County Courthouse (Idaho), Weiser, Idaho
Washington County Courthouse (Illinois), Nashville, Illinois
Washington County Courthouse (Indiana), Salem, Indiana
Washington County Courthouse (Iowa), Washington, Iowa
Washington County Courthouse (Kansas), Washington, Kansas
Washington County Courthouse (Kentucky), Springfield, Kentucky
Washington County Courthouse (Maine), Machias, Maine
Washington County Courthouse (Maryland), Hagerstown, Maryland
Washington County Courthouse (Minnesota), Stillwater, Minnesota
Washington County Courthouse (Mississippi), Greenville, Mississippi
Washington County Courthouse (Missouri), Potosi, Missouri
Washington County Courthouse (Nebraska), Blair, Nebraska
Washington County Courthouse (North Carolina), Plymouth, North Carolina
Washington County Courthouse (Ohio), Marietta, Ohio
Old Washington County Courthouse (Oklahoma), Bartlesville, Oklahoma
Washington County Courthouse (Oregon), Hillsboro, Oregon
Washington County Courthouse (Pennsylvania), Washington, Pennsylvania
Washington County Courthouse (Rhode Island), South Kingstown, Rhode Island
Washington County Courthouse (Texas), Brenham, Texas
Old Washington County Courthouse (Utah), St. George, Utah
Washington County Courthouse and Jail, West Bend, Wisconsin
Jane Shore (c. 1445 – c. 1527) was the mistress of Edward IV of England.
Jane Shore may also refer to:
Jane Shore (poet), American poet and professor of English
The Tragedy of Jane Shore, a 1714 play by Nicholas Rowe based on the life of Jane Shore, the mistress of Edward IV
Jane Shore (1911 film)
Jane Shore (1915 film), a British silent historical film adapted from the 1714 play The Tragedy of Jane Shore
Jane Shore (1922 film)
See also
Jane Shaw (disambiguation)
Lajos Simicska (born 28 January 1960) is a former Hungarian business magnate, a former politician of Fidesz, and he was the head of APEH, Hungary's internal revenue service between 1998–1999, during the first government of Viktor Orbán. He was the ninth richest person in Hungary in 2016 (dropped to 49th in 2020). He had extensive media interests, which included Magyar Nemzet, the number one daily conservative newspaper, the radio station Lánchíd Rádió, the weekly magazine Heti Válasz and the television network Hír TV. According to the Influence Barometer, in 2014 he was the 3rd most influential person in Hungary. He has a son Ádám Lajos Simicska who is also a businessman.
The public considered him one of Fidesz 's main allies and beneficiaries. He was a member of the István Bibó vocational college, which later served as the core of Fidesz. Afterwards he became the treasurer of Fidesz, and between 1998–1999 he was the president of APEH. As a businessman, he became the owner of Közgép and the CEO of Mahir, and the opposition regularly criticized the fact that his companies won significantly more state tenders during the rule of Fidesz.
The G-Day and the "Orbán-Simicska War"
At the beginning of 2015 he had made a public vulgar statement about Prime Minister Viktor Orbán (which became known as the G-Day for the vulgar word used). After the fallout, his companies did not win any more public tenders from the state and eventually his main company, Közgép was excluded from public tenders for 3 years.
Aftermath
As a consqeunce of the fallout with the Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán, Simicska funded the Jobbik in the 2018 election which at the time was a far-right party. After Viktor Orbán won a third consecutive parliamentary supermajority in the 2018 Hungarian parliamentary election, Simicska shut down the newspaper Magyar Nemzet which had been the top conservative newspaper, and had had a 80 year history in print. He also shut down Lánchíd Rádió. Shortly afterward, Simicska closed or sold all of his remaining holdings.
References
1960 births
Living people
Hungarian businesspeople
Fidesz politicians
Hungarian billionaires
The La Selle thrush (Turdus swalesi) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae endemic to the Caribbean island of Hispaniola (split between the Dominican Republic and Haiti). A skulker of broadleaf and pine forests around 1300m, it is limited to a small and declining population in the inland Dominican Republic, as well as a relict population in Haiti.
Etymology
Its name is derived from Pic la Selle, Haiti's highest point.
Distribution
Turdus swalesi is found only on Hispaniola. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane habitats.
Conservation
The La Selle thrush is threatened by habitat loss.
Behavior & call
Despite usually shy behavior, it often boldly approaches roads and other human artifacts. It only usually sings at dusk and dawn, when it is most active.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
La Selle Thrush - Turdus swalesi - Birds of the World
Endemic birds of the Caribbean
La Selle thrush
Birds of the Dominican Republic
Birds of Haiti
Endemic birds of Hispaniola
La Selle thrush
Taxa named by Alexander Wetmore
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Below are the squads for the men's football tournament at the 2014 Asian Games, played in South Korea.
Group A
Laos
Coach: Dave Booth
Malaysia
Coach: Ong Kim Swee
Saudi Arabia
Coach: Lorenzo Antolínez
South Korea
Coach: Lee Kwang-jong
Group B
Afghanistan
Coach: Zahir Khodadad
Bangladesh
Coach: Lodewijk de Kruif
Hong Kong
Coach: Kim Pan-gon
Uzbekistan
Coach: Mirjalol Qosimov
Group C
Oman
Coach: Hamad Al-Azani
Palestine
Coach: Abdelnasser Barakat
Singapore
Coach: Aide Iskandar
Tajikistan
Coach: Mukhsin Mukhamadiev
Group D
Iraq
Coach: Hakeem Shaker
Japan
Coach: Makoto Teguramori
Kuwait
Coach: Ali Al-Shammari
Nepal
Coach: Jack Stefanowski
Group E
East Timor
Coach: Antonio Carlos Vieira
Indonesia
Coach: Aji Santoso
Maldives
Coach: Drago Mamić
Thailand
Coach: Kiatisuk Senamuang
Group F
China
Coach: Fu Bo
North Korea
Coach: Yun Jong-su
Pakistan
Coach: Mohamed Al-Shamlan
Group G
India
Coach: Wim Koevermans
Jordan
Coach: Jamal Abu-Abed
United Arab Emirates
Coach: Ali Ebrahim
Group H
Iran
Coach: Nelo Vingada
Kyrgyzstan
Coach: Mirlan Eshenov
Vietnam
Coach: Toshiya Miura
References
Squads
External links
Official website
Men
2014
Robert Schmertz (November 15, 1926 – July 24, 1975) was an American real estate developer and sports franchise owner. He was owner or part-owner of two NBA franchises; the Portland Trail Blazers from 1970 through 1972, and the Boston Celtics from 1972 until 1975. He also owned the New England Whalers of the World Hockey Association, and the New York Stars of the now-defunct World Football League. Schmertz also founded Leisure Technology, a developer of retirement communities.
Biography
Born to a Jewish family, Schmertz attended Hackensack High School, where he played center on the school's basketball team. The school inducted him into its Sports Hall of Fame in 1973. In 1970, Schmertz along with his friends Larry Weinberg and Herman Sarkowsky paid $3.7MM to secure an NBA expansion team for Portland.
In 1975, Schmertz was indicted by a New Jersey grand jury on bribery charges Schmertz pleaded innocent to the charges. In July of that year, he suffered a stroke and died on July 24. Leisure Technology would become a major developer of retirement communities, but would go bankrupt in 1991.
Prior to his death in New York City, Schmertz lived in Lakewood Township, New Jersey.
References
1926 births
1975 deaths
American real estate businesspeople
Boston Celtics owners
Hackensack High School alumni
Hartford Whalers executives
Jewish American sportspeople
Portland Trail Blazers executives
Portland Trail Blazers owners
National Basketball Association executives
National Basketball Association owners
People from Hackensack, New Jersey
World Football League executives
World Hockey Association executives
20th-century American businesspeople
Sportspeople from Lakewood Township, New Jersey
The rust-and-yellow tanager (Thlypopsis ruficeps) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, and Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
rust-and-yellow tanager
Birds of the Yungas
rust-and-yellow tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Shivanarayanpur railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Mathurapur, Shivnarayanpur in Bhagalpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.
References
Railway stations in Bhagalpur district
Malda railway division
is a Japanese icebreaker operated by the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force and is Japan's fourth icebreaker for Antarctic expeditions. She inherited her name from her predecessor.
She was launched in April 2008 and commissioned in May 2009 with the hull number AGB-5003. She began her first voyage on 10 November 2009.
Name
In Japanese, the name "Shirase" is written in hiragana. Due to a JMSDF internal naming rule, an icebreaker must be named after a place. Accordingly, Shirase was named after the Shirase Glacier. This glacier bears the family name of Lieutenant Nobu Shirase, a Japanese pioneer in Antarctic exploration.
Operations
In February 2013, the anti-whaling group Sea Shepherd Conservation Society claimed the Shirase was sent to monitor its interference with the Japanese cetacean research fleet. However, according to the National Institute of Polar Research, the icebreaker was in fact far to the west off the coast of Antarctica near the Showa Base, at the time. The Japanese government subsequently confirmed that the vessel was not involved in any operation related to the whaling program, and that Sea Shepherd's claims were "completely fake".
On 17 February 2014, the Shirase ran aground just off the unmanned Molodyozhnaya Station in Antarctica. While the outer hull was penetrated, the vessel was in no danger of sinking and no fuel oil leakage was reported.
On August 17, 2017, a CH-101 helicopter of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force assigned to the Shirase crashed at Iwakuni Air Base in Yamaguchi Prefecture. Four crewmembers were injured.
References
Icebreakers of Japan
Auxiliary ships of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force
2008 ships
Japanese Antarctic Program
Okobie or Okogbe is a village in Ahoada West, Rivers State, Nigeria.
See also
Okobie road tanker explosion
References
Populated places in Rivers State
Francis Bernasconi (1762 – 1 January 1841), aka Francisco Bernasconi, was an English ornamental carver and plasterer of Italian descent. He became one of the most successful ornamental carvers and plasterers in Georgian Britain.
Early life
Francis Bernasconi was the son of Bartholomew (Bartolomeo) Bernasconi (died 1786), who hailed from a family of architects and stuccoists from the environs of Lugano, Switzerland. He is likely to have been related to the ornamental plasterer Bernardo or Bernato Bernasconi, "a poor man with a large fameley in the town of Buckingham". His more distant cousins of the same Lugano dynasty included various architects, sculptors and stuccatore active in Italy, Germany, Spain and Russia.
Works
Gothic stucco work for Cobham Hall, Kent (1800–1809)
Stucco work in the Great Tower of Westminster Abbey (1803)
Mouldings, angels and heraldic shields in Windsor Castle (1805)
Interior plasterwork in Laurieston House, 51-2 Carlton Place, Glasgow (1806). In this he worked for architect Peter Nicholson. His work here was of the Neo-Classical Adam Style and he collaborated with a team of Italian craftsmen. The recent excavations at Herculaneum and Pompeii provided inspiration for the design of the figurative mouldings, reliefs and other decorative plasterwork. There are also references to classical mythology such as Castor and Pollux, Hector and Andromache, Aeneas carrying Anchises and The Temptations of Hercules. This is the finest intact Georgian house in the city and listed category A, however it is boarded up and inaccessible. There is a statue of Minerva in this house, but it is not known if this is Bernasconi's work.
Plasterwork at Grosvenor House, London (1807). He was paid £2,097.
1809-11 the plasterwork of the grand staircase hall at Taymouth Castle for the Marquis of Breadalbane
Repairs to Trinity College in Cambridge, using Roman Cement to cover the east side of the great court (1810).
Repairs to the choir screen in York Minster (1814-1818).
Gothic ornaments at Chicksands Priory, Bedfordshire (1816).
Carving of the canopy of the Cardinal Wolsley statue, Christ Church, Oxford (1819).
The grand staircase in Buckingham Palace, for which he was employed by the Prince Regent to model four sculpture groups from designs by Alfred Joseph Stothard. (1820).
Gothic decoration at Blithfield Hall (1822). The patron, Lord Bagot, described his work on the Great Hall as being "as perfect a specimen ... as has ever been executed in modern times."
Altarpiece, Westminster Abbey (1825).
Family
He had two children, a son Bartholomew and a daughter Frances, both of whom survived him. His nephew, George Vincent Bernasconi (b. 25 December 1805), was employed in Francis Bernasconi's company. George Henry Bernasconi (24 November 1841 - 1916), (son of George Vincent Bernasconi) was a successful Birmingham illustrator and photographer.
Death
He died on 1 January 1841 from asthma at his home of 19 Alfred Place in Bloomsbury, London.
References
Glasgow, City of Sculpture
Copy of Francis Bernasconi's Death Certificate, St Giles in the Fields & St George Bloomsbury Registration district.
Francis Bernasconi's Last Will and Testament, proved 10 July 1841
George Henry Bernasconi Family Register.
George Henry Bernasconi's marriage certificate.
1762 births
1841 deaths
Thymophylla tenuiloba, also known as the bristleleaf pricklyleaf, Dahlberg daisy, small bristleleaf pricklyleaf, golden fleece, or shooting star, is a bushy, multi-branched flowering annual from the family Asteraceae. Native to south central Texas and northern Mexico, it produces a large number of small, yellow flowers and demonstrates a trailing habit. It is tolerant of heat and dry conditions and is sometimes sold as a summertime annual plant in areas beyond its native range.
The plant was once known as Hymenatherum tenuilobum in the De Candolle system.
The species is naturalized in Queensland in Australia.
References
FLORIDATA page on Thymophylla tenuiloba
Flora of North America page
Atlas of Florida Vascular Plants page
External links
Tageteae
Plants described in 1903
Flora of Coahuila
Flora of Nuevo León
Flora of Texas
Flora naturalised in Australia
R interface or R reference point defines the point between a non-ISDN device and a terminal adapter (TA) which provides translation to and from such a device.
See also
S interface
T interface
U interface
References
ITU-T recommendations
Integrated Services Digital Network
Staverton is a rural locality in the local government area (LGA) of Kentish in the North-west and west LGA region of Tasmania. The locality is about south-west of the town of Sheffield. The 2016 census recorded a population of 88 for the state suburb of Staverton.
History
Staverton was gazetted as a locality in 1965.
Geography
The Forth River forms the western boundary.
Road infrastructure
Route C140 (Staverton Road) runs through from north to south.
References
Towns in Tasmania
Localities of Kentish Council
The 1986-87 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Toulon that beat Racing Paris in the final.
Formula
The 40 clubs were divided in 4 pools of ten.
The first five of pool 1 and 2 and the first three of pool 3 and 4, were qualified for knock out stages.
This formula will be used only for this year.
Qualification round
The teams are listed as the ranking, in bold the teams admitted to "last 16" round.
Knock out stages
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round . All the qualified, came from pool 1 and 2.
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
Toulon won his second Bouclier de Brennus, after the first in 1931, and after 4 final lost (1948, 1968, 1971 and 1985).
The team of Racing play the match wearing a pink papillon.
External links
Compte rendu de the final de 1987 lnr.fr
Retransmission de la fin de the final 1987 borcxv.sport24.com
1987
France 1987
Championship
Yale-West was a provincial electoral district in the British Columbia legislature that appeared only in the 1894, 1898 and 1900 elections. It and its sister ridings Yale-West and Yale-East were created from the older three-member Yale riding, which was one of the province's first twelve as of 1871. For the 1903 election the riding-name Yale was restored on an adapted version of Yale-West. The area of Yale-West is now part of the riding of Yale-Lillooet.
Election results
Note: Winners of each election are in bold.
|-
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
!align="right"|320
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|}
|-
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
!align="right"|291
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|}
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
!align="right"|501
Former provincial electoral districts of British Columbia
Rowland is an unincorporated community in Lincoln County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
History
A post office called Rowland was established in 1886, and remained in operation until 1912. The community has the name of D. W. C. Rowland, a railroad official.
References
Unincorporated communities in Lincoln County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
USS Kemper County (LST-854) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named after Kemper County, Mississippi, she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.
Originally laid down as USS LST-854 by the Chicago Bridge & Iron Company of Seneca, Illinois on 30 August 1944; launched on 20 November, sponsored by Mrs. M. A. Menkol; and commissioned on 14 December with Lieutenant E. J. Robeson in command.
Service history
World War II, 1945
After shakedown off Florida, LST-854 departed New Orleans for the Pacific Ocean on 15 January 1945. Steaming via the Panama Canal, the West Coast, and Pearl Harbor, she reached Ulithi, Caroline Islands on 1 April. There she prepared to support the invasion of Okinawa; then, with an Army Aviation Engineer Battalion on board, she sailed on 12 April for that strategic island which lay at the gateway to the heart of the Japanese Empire. The campaign was well underway when LST-854 arrived at Nago Wan, Okinawa six days later. Despite heavy enemy air raids, she unloaded troops and equipment, then returned Ulithi on 5 May. During the remaining months of the war, she shuttled troops and equipment among the Philippines and Okinawa in preparation for a possible invasion of Japan.
1945–1949
Following the end of World War II, she operated in the Far East, transporting occupation forces until November. LST-854 arrived at Seattle, Washington on 16 December, then after overhaul and training returned to the Far East on 27 June 1946. From 1946 to 1949 she transported Navy and Marine Corps troops and cargo among Chinese ports and the Marianas. The veteran landing ship returned to the United States on 6 June 1949, and decommissioned on 21 October at Puget Sound Navy Yard.
Korean War, 1950–1953
On the outbreak of the Korean War, the United States responded by sending forces to aid South Korea. To assist in the transportation of troops and cargo, LST-854 was re-commissioned on 20 November 1950; then, after training, she departed San Diego on 17 March 1951. Three months later she commenced operations in the War Zone, and from June to December operated between Japan and Korea. Her duties in Korea were transporting prisoners-of-war from Pusan to Koje Do, furnishing logistics support for troops at Koje Do, and rotating cargo and troops among Korean ports. During early January 1952 LST-854 participated in the landing of the 40th Division at Inchon and provided refugees lifts along the Korean coast. Departing Yokosuka on 25 February, the landing ship arrived at San Diego on 16 March. After overhaul and training along the West Coast, she was back in Japan on 26 November. For the remaining months of the conflict, LST-854 shuttled troops and cargo in support of United Nations Command forces engaged in fierce combat on the Asian mainland. Following the truce which ended hostilities, the veteran landing ship transported pro- and anti-Communist prisoners to await repatriation.
1953–1965
LST-854 returned San Diego on 17 October and, following overhaul, performed training exercises along the West Coast. From May 1954 to May 1960 she sailed on four WestPac cruises in which she supported the 7th Fleet. LST-854 was named USS Kemper County (LST-854) on 1 July 1955. After returning from her WestPac cruise on 6 May 1960, Kemper County spent the next five years performing amphibious training exercises along the California coast and in the Hawaiian operating area.
Vietnam War, 1965–1969
In the early 1960s the United States expanded efforts to protect the integrity and independence of South Vietnam. To aid in the vast logistic demands created, Kemper County departed San Diego on 11 October 1965, arriving Subic Bay, Philippines on 12 November. Ten days later she arrived at Da Nang, and operated along the coast of South Vietnam for the rest of the year. She operated primarily in the rivers of the Mekong Delta transiting enemy-controlled territory to carry supplies to the Army of the Republic of Vietnam Headquarters at Can Tho. Four times she ascended these streams as far as inland. On 3 March 1966 she assisted tanker SS Paloma which lay burning and adrift in the Saigon River after a Viet Cong attack. On reaching the scene, she shelled the river bank from which the attack had been launched while fighting the conflagration on the tanker. During this deployment Kemper County carried over 10,000 tons of military cargo and vast quantities of food and clothing for the war-stricken civilian population of South Vietnam before returning to San Diego on 28 May 1966. Her services won her the Battle Efficiency "E" of 1966. She operated off the West Coast into 1967 preparing for future action.
Decommissioning and transfer
Decommissioned on 28 May 1969, Kemper County was subsequently struck from the Naval Vessel Register (date unknown). Transferred to the Government of Barbados in July 1975 and renamed Northpoint, she was later sold to the Government of Panama (c. early-1980s) and renamed El Gato Blanco. Her final fate is unknown.
Awards
LST-854 received one battle star for World War II service, five battle stars for service in the Korean War, and one award of the Navy Unit Commendation and six campaign stars for Vietnam War service.
References
LST-542-class tank landing ships
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Cold War amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Korean War amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Vietnam War amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
USS Kemper County (LST-854)
Ships built in Seneca, Illinois
1944 ships
The canton of Montmarault is a former administrative division in central France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It had 7,991 inhabitants (2012).
The canton comprised the following communes:
Beaune-d'Allier
Bézenet
Blomard
Chappes
Chavenon
Doyet
Louroux-de-Beaune
Montmarault
Montvicq
Murat
Saint-Bonnet-de-Four
Saint-Marcel-en-Murat
Saint-Priest-en-Murat
Sazeret
Vernusse
Villefranche-d'Allier
Demographics
See also
Cantons of the Allier department
References
Former cantons of Allier
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Susan E. W. Fuller (1831 – July 6, 1907) was an American artist.
Fuller studied at the Cooper Union, and moved to Washington, D.C. in 1871. Beginning in 1873 she was the first instructor of art in the District of Columbia Public Schools, continuing until her death; from 1873 she ran the Washington School of Art as well. She also served as the director of art programs in Washington schools, and died in Washington. Fuller was a New York native who married Charles Oliver Fuller before 1859. He died of illness while serving in the American Civil War, leaving her with a son. She wrote A Manual of Instruction in the Art of Wood Engraving, published in 1867.
References
1831 births
1907 deaths
19th-century American artists
19th-century American women artists
19th-century American educators
20th-century American artists
20th-century American women artists
20th-century American educators
Educators from New York (state)
Artists from New York (state)
Educators from Washington, D.C.
Artists from Washington, D.C.
19th-century American women educators
20th-century American women educators
Eugeniusz Stanislaw Lewacki (born 24 January 1926) is a Polish former ice hockey center and Olympian. Lewacki played for Poland at the 1948 Winter Olympics and 1952 Winter Olympics. He also played for KTH Krynica and Gwardia Bydgoszcz in the Polish Hockey League.
References
1926 births
Ice hockey players at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 1952 Winter Olympics
KTH Krynica players
Living people
Olympic ice hockey players of Poland
Polish ice hockey centres
Sportspeople from Kraków
Shirin Darreh Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15,898, in 3,832 families. The rural district has 32 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Razavi Khorasan Province
Quchan County
The Minister for Work and Pensions, or Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Work and Pensions in the House of Lords, is a junior position in the Department for Work and Pensions in the British government. It is currently held by Baroness Stedman-Scott, who took the office on 30 July 2019.
Responsibilities
The minister's responsibilities include:
spokesperson for DWP business in the House of Lords
child maintenance
family test
parental conflict
legislation and statutory instruments strategy
Social Security Advisory Committee (SSAC) relationship management
Social Fund (Cold Weather Payments, Sure Start Maternity grants, Funeral Expenses Payment scheme and Budgeting loans)
bereavement benefits
supported accommodation
Support for Mortgage Interest
maternity benefits
departmental planning and performance management, including oversight of: the single departmental plan, including tracking progress against manifesto commitments other external reporting and governance requirements
departmental business, including oversight of: departmental capability in commercial and digital affairs commercial contracting policy
transparency and data-sharing issues
research and trialling
Office for Nuclear Regulation
Ministers for Work and Pensions
References
Politics of the United Kingdom
Ministerial offices in the United Kingdom
Himavat (Sanskrit: हिमवत्, lit. frosty) or Himavant (Sanskrit: हिमवन्त, lit. icy) or Himavān (Sanskrit: हिमवान्, lit. snowy) or Himaraja (Sanskrit: हिमराज, lit. king of snow) or Parvateshwara (Sanskrit: पर्वतेश्वर, lit. lord of mountains) is the personification of the Himalayan mountains, which are also known as the Himavat Mountains. He is the Guardian God of the Himalayan Mountains of Ancient India, which finds mention in the epic Mahabharata.
Himavat fathered Ganga the river goddess, as well as Ragini and Parvati, the wife of Shiva. His wife and queen consort is Vedic goddess Mena, the daughter of Mount Meru, as per the Ramayana or Daughter of Pitru devatas as per some other sources like the Vishnu Purana.
The sacred text of Devi Gita, which is found in the last nine chapters (31-40) of the seventh skandha of Devi-Bhagavata Purana, is a dialogue between Parvati and her father Himavat. It deals with the universal form of the Devi, meditations on the major texts of Upanishads, ashtanga-yoga, the yogas of jnana, karma and bhakti, locations of the temples dedicated to the Devi and the rituals pertaining to her worship.
His story also finds mention in Brahmanda Purana and Kena Upanishad.
References
Dictionary of Hindu Lore and Legend () by Anna Dallapiccola.
Hindu gods
Characters in Hindu mythology
Himalayas
Mountains in Buddhism
Mountain gods
9949 Brontosaurus, provisional designation , is a stony asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, roughly 10 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 22 September 1990, by Belgian astronomer Eric Elst at ESO's La Silla Observatory in northern Chile. It was named after Brontosaurus, a genus of dinosaurs.
Orbit and classification
Brontosaurus orbits the Sun in the inner main-belt at a distance of 2.2–2.5 AU once every 3 years and 7 months (1,319 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.06 and an inclination of 8° with respect to the ecliptic. It was first identified as at Crimea–Nauchnij in 1978, extending the body's observation arc by 12 years prior to its official discovery observation at La Silla.
Physical characteristics
Diameter and albedo
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS and NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, Brontosaurus measures 17 and 4.231 kilometers in diameter, respectively. WISE/NEOWISE also gives an albedo of 0.248 for the body's surface. It has an absolute magnitude of 13.8.
Rotation period
As of 2017, the asteroid's rotation period and shape remain unknown.
Naming
This minor planet was named after Brontosaurus, a gigantic quadruped sauropod dinosaurs, which walked on all four legs and lived in the Upper Jurassic. Adult individuals measured up to 20 meters and had a weight of up to 20 tons. Many Fossils have been found in the United States. Brontosaurus is one of the best-known dinosaurs. The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 20 November 2002 ().
References
External links
Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info )
Dictionary of Minor Planet Names, Google books
Asteroids and comets rotation curves, CdR – Observatoire de Genève, Raoul Behrend
Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (5001)-(10000) – Minor Planet Center
009949
Discoveries by Eric Walter Elst
Minor planets named for animals
Named minor planets
19900922
Apatosaurinae
Ioannis S. "John" Coumantaros (1894–1981) was a Greek shipping and flour mills businessman.
Early life
He was the son of Stavros Coumantaros from Sparta, and had three older brothers, Theodoros, Nikolaos and Panayotis. The brothers founded the Evrotas flour mills in Piraeus, and moved into shipping in 1932.
Career
Ioannis ran the ships, along with his nephew Stavros Niarchos, the son of his sister, Eugenie Koumantaros, who had married Spyros Niarchos.
Personal life
He married Flora Nomikos, the daughter of Peter Nomikos, from a "traditional maritime family".
They had two children, a son, George S. Coumantaros, who married, Sophie Yannagas, the daughter of George Yannagas from Kasos, and they had two sons, Yannis and John, and three daughters, Flora, Elena and Eugenie. Their daughter Aikaterini "Dolly" I. Coumantaros married Nicholas P. "Nikos" Goulandris from Andros. They founded the Goulandris Museum of Cycladic Art in Athens.
References
1894 births
1981 deaths
Ioannis
Greek businesspeople in shipping
SPCS may refer to:
Society for the Promotion of Community Standards
State Plane Coordinate System
St. Paul's Convent School, a secondary school in Hong Kong
Soldier Plate Carrier System, a U.S. Army bulletproof vest
Lincoln County is a county located in the east central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 7,996. The county seat is Lincolnton. The county was created on February 20, 1796.
Lincoln County is included in the Augusta-Richmond County, GA-SC Metropolitan Statistical Area, the Savannah River forming its northeastern border. Located above the fall line, it is part of the Central Savannah River Area (CSRA) and a member of the CSRA Regional Development Center.
History
On February 20, 1796, Lincoln County was established as the twenty-fourth county in the state of Georgia. Before then, its territory was part of Wilkes County, now on its western side. The new county was named after General Benjamin Lincoln (1733-1810), a Revolutionary War hero notable for receiving Gen. Cornwallis's sword at Yorktown, Virginia.
On January 22, 1852, the legislature changed the location of the line between Wilkes County and Lincoln County, although there is no extant record as to why the legislature made the change.
From before the American Revolutionary War until the 1950s, Lincoln County was primarily a farming and agricultural area. The development and creation of Clarks Hill Dam created a large reservoir that covered portions of Lincoln and nearby counties. Developers have created many residential neighborhoods and subdivisions in areas near the lake.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (18.2%) is water. The county is located in the Piedmont region of the state just above the fall line of the eastern United States.
The bulk of Lincoln County, from just south of Lincolnton heading north, is located in the Upper Savannah River sub-basin of the Savannah River basin, with the exception of a tiny sliver of the northernmost section of the county, which is located in the Broad River sub-basin of the larger Savannah River basin. The southern portion of the county is located in the Little River sub-basin of the same Savannah River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 378
State Route 43
State Route 43 Connector
State Route 44
State Route 47
State Route 79
State Route 220
Adjacent counties
Elbert County, Georgia - north
McCormick County, South Carolina - northeast
Columbia County, Georgia - south
McDuffie County, Georgia - southwest
Wilkes County, Georgia - west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 8,348 people, 3,251 households, and 2,379 families living in the county. The population density was 40 people per square mile (15/km2). There were 4,514 housing units at an average density of 21 per square mile (8/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 64.25% White, 34.37% Black or African American, 0.37% Native American, 0.16% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.24% from other races, and 0.56% from two or more races. 0.97% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,251 households, out of which 30.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.20% were married couples living together, 15.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.80% were non-families. 23.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.01.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.40% under the age of 18, 7.20% from 18 to 24, 27.50% from 25 to 44, 26.30% from 45 to 64, and 14.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 94.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,952, and the median income for a family was $36,657. Males had a median income of $27,165 versus $21,338 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,351. About 12.40% of families and 15.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.60% of those under age 18 and 15.90% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 7,996 people, 3,281 households, and 2,252 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,786 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 65.7% white, 32.1% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 0.4% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 24.8% were American, 8.4% were English, and 6.3% were German.
Of the 3,281 households, 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were married couples living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.4% were non-families, and 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.94. The median age was 45.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,399 and the median income for a family was $43,872. Males had a median income of $38,200 versus $24,577 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,627. About 23.2% of families and 26.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 41.2% of those under age 18 and 28.5% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 7,690 people, 3,475 households, and 2,142 families residing in the county.
Recreation and historical sites
Since the creation of Clarks Hill Lake, recreation has contributed to Lincoln County's growth. It is a main destination for tourists, providing fishing, boating, and other water sport opportunities for visitors and nearby residents.
Toward the eastern part of Lincoln County, just before the South Carolina line, is Elijah Clarke State Park. This park is roughly . In May of every year, Elijah Clarke holds a bluegrass festival which has become a major attraction in the last 20 years. Several well-known bluegrass musicians play at this event each year, including Lincoln County natives, The Lewis Family. Also held annually at Elijah Clarke is an Arts and Crafts Festival and a Log Cabin Christmas.
There are many historic places to visit in Lincoln County. They include:
Lamar-Blanchard House, Lincolnton, which is on the National Register of Historic Places
The Lincoln County Historical Park
Graves Mountain
Economy
Economic growth has been associated with development of the J. Strom Thurmond Dam and Clarks Hill Lake. In Lincoln County, logging is a multimillion-dollar industry. More than 20 logging businesses produce most of the jobs for Lincoln County residents. The county has attracted new companies, such as Hero Metal, LLC; Top Grill, LLC; and Charles Owen, Inc.
Communities
Chennault
Lincolnton
Notable people
Garrison Hearst- Former NFL player, pro bowler, comeback player in 1995 and 2001
Barney Bussey - Former NFL player, played for the Cincinnati Bengals and then the Tampa Bay Buccaneers
The Lewis Family - family bluegrass and gospel band, in 1992 they were inducted into Georgia Music Hall of Fame
Tom Nash - NFL player for the Green Bay Packers and Brooklyn Dodgers
Politics
See also
Central Savannah River Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lincoln County, Georgia
References
Further reading
Perryman, Clinton J. History of Lincoln County, Georgia, Tignall, GA: 1985
External links
"Lincoln County Red Devils"
"Biography", The Lewis Family Singers Website
Jeff & Sheri Easter
Lincoln County Georgia Government
Georgia Historic Commission Markers in Lincoln County
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1796 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1796
"I Do Believe" is a song recorded by the American country supergroup The Highwaymen for their 1995 album The Road Goes on Forever. It was written by Waylon Jennings and produced by Don Was, with Jennings providing lead vocals on the track.
Background and composition
The song has highly pandeistic-sounding overtones, as it derides conventional religious belief in Heaven and Hell while affirming a religious belief under which one ought to "live life to the fullest." In his autobiography, Jennings related of I Do Believe that, "when I finished the song, and before the Highwaymen recorded it, I showed it to Will"—that being 'bootleg preacher' Will D. Campbell—who simply responded, 'That'll preach.'"
Release
The song was originally released on The Highwaymen album The Road Goes on Forever (1995), and was later included as the last song on Jennings' Nashville Rebel box set. It also appeared on the Red Hot and Country video.
It was covered by Bonnie Bramlett on her 2008 album, Beautiful.
Reception
The song wasn't a commercial hit, however, it is considered one of Jennings' finest compositions. Musicologist Colin Larkin, in his Encyclopedia of Popular Music, described the song as "thought-provoking" and wrote with respect to Jennings that the song "showed him at his best, questioning religious beliefs."
Personnel
The Highwaymen
Johnny Cash
Waylon Jennings – lead vocals
Kris Kristofferson
Willie Nelson
Technical personnel
Don Was – production
References
1995 songs
Songs written by Waylon Jennings
Song recordings produced by Don Was
The Highwaymen (country supergroup) songs
The is an AC electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by Hokkaido Railway Company (JR Hokkaido) on limited express services in Hokkaido, Japan, since 2002. Two variants exist: the original 789 series for use on Lilac services (Formerly used on Super Hakuchō services), and the 789–1000 series for use on Kamui and Suzuran services. Also, it has three related train types, the KiHa 261 series, KiHa 281 series and KiHa 283 series, all of which run on diesel.
Lilac 789-0 series
A total of 40 cars were built between 2000 and 2005 for use on new Super Hakuchō services introduced from 1 December 2002 between ( from December 2010) and via the undersea Seikan Tunnel coinciding with the opening of the Tōhoku Shinkansen extension to Hachinohe.
The trainsets were formed as four 2-car half sets, HE-101–104, and five 3-car half-sets, HE-201–205, which were coupled to produce 5- or 8-car formations.
From December 2005, new SaHa 789-100 trailer cars were added to the original 2-car sets HE-101–104, and a fifth set, HE-105 was delivered. Two additional 2-car sets, HE-301 and HE-302, were also delivered for extending trains to up to eight cars during period seasons.
Two new 3-car sets, HE-106 and HE-206, were delivered in April 2011.
In March 2016, Super Hakucho services were discontinued because the new Hokkaido Shinkansen services ran on the same route, this meant that the 789-0 services (along with the 785–300 series trains) operating on the Super Hakucho services were completely taken out of service.
From the start of the revised timetable on 4 March 2017, Lilac limited express services were reintroduced between Sapporo and Asahikawa using six-car 789–0 series EMUs previously used on Super Hakucho services until March 2016. These services complement the Kamui services using five-car 789–1000 series EMUs.
Formations
(There is no information on the Lilac service formations yet.)
December 2002 – December 2005
Cars 2, 4, and 7 were each fitted with one N-PS789 single-arm pantograph.
December 2005 – March 2016
Cars 2, 5, and 7 are each fitted with one N-PS789 single-arm pantograph.
Interior
Kamui and Suzuran 789-1000 series
Seven 5-car 789–1000 series sets, HL-1001–1007, were delivered to Sapporo Depot between June and September 2007, and these entered service from 1 October 2007 on new Super Kamui (currently known as Kamui) limited express services between and , and on Airport rapid services between Sapporo and in conjunction with 785 series EMUs. These replaced the Lilac services formerly operated by 781 series EMUs.
The 789-1000 sets differ from the earlier Super Hakuchō and Kamui sets in not having gangway doors beneath the driving cabs.
Set HL-1005 was withdrawn in March 2011 following damage sustained in a level crossing collision on 29 January 2010.
These entered service from 1 November 2013 on new Suzuran limited express services between and .
From the start of the revised timetable on 4 March 2017, Super Kamui services were renamed simply Kamui, and are complemented by newly introduced Lilac limited express services, which uses six-car 789–0 series EMUs.
Formations
Car 3 is fitted with one N-PS785 single-arm pantograph.
Interior
The 789–1000 series trainsets do not include Green class (first class) accommodation, but car 4 is designated as a "u-Seat" car with improved seating for reserved seat passengers. All other cars are normally designated as non-reserved seating.
References
External links
JR Hokkaido 789 series Super Hakuchō
JR Hokkaido 785/789 series Super Kamui
JR Hokkaido 785/789 series Suzuran
JR Hokkaido 789-0 series (Japan Railfan Magazine)
JR Hokkaido 789-1000 series (Japan Railfan Magazine)
Electric multiple units of Japan
Hokkaido Railway Company
Train-related introductions in 2002
Kawasaki rolling stock
20 kV AC multiple units
Melanocyte-inhibiting factor (also known as Pro-Leu-Gly-NH2, Melanostatin, MSH release–inhibiting hormone or MIF-1) is an endogenous peptide fragment derived from cleavage of the hormone oxytocin, but having generally different actions in the body. MIF-1 produces multiple effects, both blocking the effects of opioid receptor activation, while at the same time acting as a positive allosteric modulator of the D2 and D4 dopamine receptor subtypes, as well as inhibiting release of other neuropeptides such as alpha-MSH, and potentiating melatonin activity.
This complex mix of actions produces a profile of antidepressant, nootropic, and anti-Parkinsonian effects when MIF-1 is administered, and it has been investigated for various medical uses. MIF-1 is unusually resistant to metabolism in the bloodstream, and crosses the blood–brain barrier easily, though it is poorly active orally and is usually injected. Several other closely related peptides with important actions in the body include Tyr-MIF-1 and endomorphin-1 and -2.
See also
Nemifitide
Doreptide
References
Tripeptides
This Sporting Life is the fifth album by Australian comedy duo Roy & HG. The album was released in August 2016 and peaked at number 6 on the ARIA Charts.
At the ARIA Music Awards of 2016 it won Best Comedy Release.
Background and release
From 1986 to 2008, Roy & HG hosted This Sporting Life on Triple J, a live, improvised satirical radio program on sport in Australia – among other things. It's the longest running show in the station's history. To celebrate 30 years since the show first aired, Roy & HG released a compilation album of some of the show's highlights from throughout the years.
Reception
Chris Murray from Stack said "The only problem with this 30th anniversary collection of some of the 'gold' from the dynamic duo's unsurpassed satire and dissection of Australian sport and pop culture, is that you simply don't want the snippets to end.
Unaware of them? Two highly intelligent raconteurs wax lyrical with endless ease on complete bullsh-t, based on loose facts around current events that will have you in stitches, while also remembering that very uncanny and uniquely Australian sense of humour which is lacking in today's mass media. From why Rampaging Roy Slaven's favourite horse never played rugby league, to the solution to finding new heavyweight (fat) boxers via travelling the country simply armed with binoculars, or indeed how Cher was once explicitly examined by Roy (at her request) to kill media speculation on cosmetic surgery – you are hooked." Murray concluded saying "Nothing will ever come close to their winning formula of smarts and silliness."
Track listing
Disc One
"This Sporting Life Opener" - 2:09
"TSL Promo" - 0:21
"Grand Final Week Breakfasts" - 1:33
"Funny Meats for Kids" - 0:37
"Roy's Rectal Ring Balm" - 0:16
"Rooting King and the League" - 1:23
"Chicks Love Big Feet" - 0:43
"Istanga Art" - 1:12
"Sunday Night Lineup on ABC" - 3:37
"How Would You Like the Perfect Kiddie?" - 0:42
"Baghdad Brian" - 0:53
"Players' Media Duties" - 3:09
"Burn Your Pants!" - 0:33
"Roy's Signature Small Goods" - 0:30
"Istanga Yoga" - 0:23
"Why Roy Never Coached" - 1:43
"King Tide Sleepmaker I" - 0:36
"Webcke Park I" - 0:57
"Grand Final Walk" - 1:32
"The Don Bradman Invincibles Calendar" - 0:35
"NRL Gods are Cruel" - 1:31
"Broncos' and Cowboys' Fans in Sydney" - 0:53
"How Would You Like to Be Stout?" - 0:16
"Cher Goes Under the Microscope" - 5:26
"Frosty Lahood Motors - No Root, No Toot!" - 0:32
"Backless Sports Coat for Men" - 0:26
"People Bag the Shark I - PGA" - 1:51
"Rent-a-Star International - Golf Keynote Speakers" - 0:42
"People Bag the Shark II - Get to Know Him First" - 0:58
"Look Of Laura Knitwear Range"- 0:23
"Webcke Park 2 [Live with Your Storage]" - 0:23
"Golf Technology/2 Big Spaniards" - 3:32
"Aussie Fuzzy Fruits for Kids" - 0:47
"Frosty Lahood Motors - Frosty Junior" - 0:41
"Home and Away" - 5:14
"Jeffrey Smart's Smart Arses" - 0:54
"Shackleton's Hot Knob" - 0:34
"Burn Your House Down for Sydney 2000" - 1:23
"King Tide Sleepmaker II" - 0:26
"What Sports Might Roy Represent In?" - 01:36
"The Shooter's Radio Antenna" - 0:23
"No Ball, No Bull" - 0:50
"Graham Gooch's Finger" - 3:45
"Lazy Boy Crack Baffler: - 0:33
Royal House of Trouser" - 1:00
"Stumpy Boon Learns to Walk Again" - 2:39
"Adopt a Cock!" - 0:37
"Roy's World of Rockets" - 1:17
"Hunt for a Heavy" - 2:10
"Love Fountain" - 0:28
"Baggy Green Bum Ring Kit" - 0:50
"Jeff Fenech Gives Back" - 2:35
"Farts of the Famous" - 0:56
"Anzac Day Weekend" - 0:45
Disc Two
"There are Collectors, and Collectors" - 0:47
"The Ruddock Toilet Fish" - 1:01
"Cultures of Sex or Violence in AFL" - 2:07
"Frosty Lahood Fundraiser for Tsunami" - 0:27
"Mad Dads" - 0:28
"Tanking in Tennis" - 4:46
"Date Ace" - 0:44
"Prime Minister's Fund for Cricketers"- 1:00
"Roy & HG Deal With the Palace" - 3:14
"The South Coast News" - 6:34
"Toilet Police Go to London" - 0:39
"Doctor Spoof in Brighton" - 0:28
"Rabbits Re-Enact First Game of League" - 3:12
"Agents to the Stars" - 0:20
"Eau De Cliff" - 0:37
"The John Eales Medal Night" - 2:53
"Pole up Australia" - 0:23
"The Bitemeister" - 1:10
"Junior Sport" - 3:00
"Frosty Lahood [Junior's Videos]" - 1:10
"AJ Gel" - 0:46
"Cinderella Stadium" - 3:25
"Fuzzy Fruit Challenge"- 0:34
"Terminal Tuesday at City Morgue" - 0:21
"Grandstands at the Speedway" - 3:51
"Jockaroos" - 0:20
"Chunky Gold Chains" - 0:26
"Robbie Maddison's Leap" - 5:39
"Frosty Lahood for Aussie Fuzzy Fruit"- 0:40
"Jim Waley" - 0:36
"The Wedding of the Year" - 1:38
"New Age of This Sporting Life" - 0:21
"Ronnie Quinton's Last Ride" - 1:30
"Toilet Police Go to Sydney" - 1:03
The Andy Caddick Tapes" - 1:07
"Don Bradman's Cap" - 0:52
Charts
Release history
References
2016 compilation albums
ARIA Award-winning albums
2010s comedy albums
Roy and HG albums
Kuguno Bosai Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control. The catchment area of the dam is 4.9 km2. The dam impounds about 16 ha of land when full and can store 1462 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1965 and completed in 1974.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1974 establishments in Japan
Jharia was a community development block that formed an administrative division in Dhanbad district, Jharkhand state, India. Jharia (community development block) has been merged with Dhanbad Municipal Corporation.
Overview
Dhanbad district forms a part of the Chota Nagpur Plateau, but it is more of an upland than a plateau. The district has two broad physical divisions – the southern part is a coal mining area with mining and industrial towns, and the northern part has villages scattered around hills. The landscape of the southern part is undulating and monotonous, with some scars of subsidence caused by underground mining. One of the many spurs of Parashnath Hills (1,365.50 m), passes through the Topchanchi and Tundi areas of the district. The spur attains a height of 457.29 m but there is no peak as such. The Dhangi Hills (the highest peak 385.57 m) run from Pradhankhanta to Govindpur. While the main river Damodar flows along the southern boundary, its tributary, the Barakar, flows along the northern boundary. DVC has built two dams across the rivers. The Panchet Dam is across the Damodar and the Maithon Dam is across the Barakar.
Maoist activities
Jharkhand is one of the states affected by Maoist activities. , Dhanbad was one of the highly/moderately affected districts in the state., Dhanbad was not identified as a focus area by the state police to check Maoist activities. However, there were some isolated Maoist activities in the Dhanbad area.
Geography
Jharia is located at .
Jharia CD Block is bounded by Dhanbad CD Block, on the north, Baliapur CD Block on the east, Raghunathpur II CD Block, in Purulia district in West Bengal, on the south and Chandankiyari CD Block, in Bokaro district, on the west.
Jharia CD Block has an area of 9,077.15 hectares. It has 63 gram panchayats and 58 villages. Jharia, Jorapokhar, Tisra, Sudamdih, Pathardih and Sindri Police Stations serve this block. Headquarters of this CD Block is at Jharia.
Demographics
Population
As per the 2001 Census, Jharia CD Block had a total population of 475,341, of which 2,839 were rural and 472,952 were urban. There were 258,743 (54%) males and 216,598 (46%) females.
In 2001, population below 6 years was 69,073. Scheduled Castes numbered 81,450 (17.14%) and Scheduled Tribes numbered 14,188 (2.98%). In 2001, the number of literates in Jharia CD Block was 299,908 (73.82% of the population over 6 years).
Note: In the data for 2011 census Jharia CD Block is not there.
See also – List of Jharkhand districts ranked by literacy rate
Language
Hindi is the official language in Jharkhand and Urdu has been declared as an additional official language. Jharkhand legislature had passed a bill according the status of a second official language to several languages in 2011 but the same was turned down by the Governor.
In the 2011 census, Hindi was the mother-tongue (languages mentioned under Schedule 8 of the Constitution of India) of 62.5% of the population in Dhanbad district, followed by Bengali (19.3%) and Urdu (8.1%). The scheduled tribes constituted 8.4% of the total population of the district. Amongst the scheduled tribes those speaking Santali formed 77.2% of the ST population. Other tribes found in good numbers were: Munda, Mahli and Kora.
Economy
Coal
Jharia coalfield is the richest treasure house of metallurgical coal in India. The Kustore, Bastacola, Lodna, Eastern Jharia and Western Jharia Areas of BCCL are located in Jharia CD Block.
The following collieries function under the Kustore Area: Alkusa, Kustore, Kustore Fire, E/Bhuggatdih, Ena, South Jharia, Burragarh, Simla Bahal, Hurriladih and Bhalgora. Collieries functioning in the Bastacola Area are: Bastacola, Bera, Dobari, Ganhoodih, Kujama, Kuya and C.O.C.P. Collieries functioning in the Lodna Area are: North Tisra, South Tisra, Jeenagora, Joyrampur, Lodna, Bagdigi, Jealgora and Bararee. Collieries functioning in the Eastern Jharia Area are: Bhowrah North, Bhowrah South, Bhowrah (OC 3 Pit), Amlabad, Sudamdih Incline, Sudamdih Shafts, Pathardih and C.O.C.R. Collieries functioning in the Western Jharia Area are: Lohapatty, Murulidih 20/21, Bhatdee and Moonidih.
The Bastacola Area is amalgamation of thirty-three mines of the pre-nationalisation era. It presently has four underground and four open cast mines. The Lodna Area has mineable reserves of 46.368 million tonnes of coking coal and 618.6 million tonnes of non-coking coal. Western Jharia Area is a predominantly underground mining area, presently with four underground mines. Underground mining in the Eastern Jharia Area has been going on for about a century. Primitive mining methods used by private mine owners at shallow depths in the pre-nationalised era has led to large scale fires.
Agriculture
Dhanbad district has infertile laterite soil, having a general tendency towards continuous deterioration. The soil can be classified in two broad categories – red sandy soil and red and yellow soil. There are patches of alluvium along the river banks. Limited water resources constitute a major constraint for cultivation. Paddy is the main crop. The soils for rice cultivation fall into three categories – baad, kanali and bahal. Aghani, is the main winter crop, consisting primarily of winter rice. Bhadai is the autumn crop. Apart from paddy, less important grain crops such as marua and maize are grown. The Rabi crop includes such cold weather crops as wheat, barley, oats, gram and pulses.
Backward Regions Grant Fund
Dhanbad district is listed as a backward region and receives financial support from the Backward Regions Grant Fund. The fund, created by the Government of India, is designed to redress regional imbalances in development. As of 2012, 272 districts across the country were listed under this scheme. The list includes 21 districts of Jharkhand.
Transport
There is a station at Jharia on the Railways in Jharia Coalfield.
State Highway 12 (Jharkhand) passes through Jharia.
Healthcare
In 2013, Jharia CD Block had 1 block primary health centre, 3 primary health centres and 13 private nursing homes with total 24 beds and 10 doctors (excluding private bodies). 5,756 patients were treated indoor and 66,053 patients were treated outdoor in the hospitals, health centres and subcentres of the CD Block.
References
Community development blocks in Dhanbad district
Mining communities in Jharkhand
Nazim Aliyev (born 5 April 1963) is Azerbaijani former professional footballer who played as a forward. He is the all-time topscorer of the Azerbaijan Premier League. He obtained one cap for the national team in 1993.
Aliyev began playing football for Neftchi Baku PFC's reserve side. He joined Soviet Second League side Khazar Sumgayit in 1988 and would play for the club until 1994.
Honours
Individual
Azerbaijan Premier League Top Scorer (3): 1992, 1994–95, 1997–98
External links
Profile at KLISF
Living people
1963 births
Sportspeople from Baku
Soviet footballers
Azerbaijani footballers
Azerbaijan international footballers
Association football forwards
Qarabağ FK players
Neftçi PFK players
Procamallanus is a genus of nematodes belonging to the family Camallanidae.
The genus has almost cosmopolitan distribution.
Species:
Procamallanus alii
Procamallanus anguillae
Procamallanus annipetterae
Procamallanus annulatus
Procamallanus ashouri
Procamallanus barlowi
Procamallanus belenensis
Procamallanus berdii
Procamallanus bothi
Procamallanus brevis
Procamallanus caballeroi
Procamallanus caranxi
Procamallanus chaimha
Procamallanus chetumalensis
Procamallanus colei
Procamallanus crossorhombi
Procamallanus cruzi
Procamallanus cumanensis
Procamallanus diacanthum
Procamallanus dispar
Procamallanus ditchelli
Procamallanus dussumieri
Procamallanus elatensis
Procamallanus garnotus
Procamallanus gobiomori
Procamallanus guttatusi
Procamallanus halitrophus
Procamallanus hexophtalmatis
Procamallanus hilarii
Procamallanus huacraensis
Procamallanus incognitus
Procamallanus inopinatus
Procamallanus istiblenni
Procamallanus jaliscensis
Procamallanus jiriensis
Procamallanus johnsoni
Procamallanus juana
Procamallanus kakinadensis
Procamallanus kalingapatnamensis
Procamallanus karachiensis
Procamallanus laeviconchus
Procamallanus lamellari
Procamallanus longus
Procamallanus lonis
Procamallanus lutjanusi
Procamallanus macaensis
Procamallanus mehrii
Procamallanus mexicanus
Procamallanus monotaxis
Procamallanus neobuccalaris
Procamallanus neocaballeroi
Procamallanus olseni
Procamallanus otolithi
Procamallanus pacificus
Procamallanus pakistanensis
Procamallanus papillicaudatus
Procamallanus paraguayensis
Procamallanus partitus
Procamallanus pereirai
Procamallanus phillippinensis
Procamallanus pimelodus
Procamallanus pintoi
Procamallanus planoratus
Procamallanus platycephali
Procamallanus plumierus
Procamallanus problematicus
Procamallanus pseudospiralis
Procamallanus rebecae
Procamallanus rigbyi
Procamallanus sigani
Procamallanus similis
Procamallanus sinespinis
Procamallanus slomei
Procamallanus soodi
Procamallanus sparus
Procamallanus sphaeroconchus
Procamallanus spiculastriatus
Procamallanus spiculogubernaculus
Procamallanus spinicaudatus
Procamallanus spiralis
Procamallanus synodi
Procamallanus thalassomatis
Procamallanus tomsici
Procamallanus tornquisti
Procamallanus variolae
Procamallanus visakhapatnamensis
References
Nematodes
Ray of Light Foundation is a charity non-profit organization founded by American singer-songwriter Madonna in 1998. Named after her seventh studio album, Ray of Light (1998), it is dedicated to helping "to promote peace, equal rights and education for all". The organization focuses on women, education, global development and humanitarian.
Foundation
After contributing to various charitable organizations, Madonna decided to establish her own in 1998 and named it after her seventh studio album, Ray of Light (1998). The foundation is based in Los Angeles, California, with Melanie Ciccone (Madonna's sister) working as its trustee.
Selected charitable activities
Palestina
The Ray of Light Foundation has supported various programs in Palestine. They include funding teachers' salaries at schools in the Gaza Strip through the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) and micro loans to female farmers through the Palestine Fair Trade Association. The foundation also supports Americans for Peace Now, which campaigns for a diplomatic solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. According to the UNRWA 2018 annual report, Ray of Light Foundation helped more than 2,600 Palestine refugee girls to access inclusive, high-quality education at Jabalia Elementary Girls School and Rafah Preparatory Girls School in the Gaza Strip.
Detroit
The foundation has worked actively in Madonna's hometown Detroit, sponsoring three charities: Downtown Boxing Gym Youth Program for a boxing gym for at-risk youth, Detroit Achievement Academy for providing supplies, and the Empowerment Plan for training homeless women to manufacture coats that convert into sleeping bags.
LGBT issues
In 2019, the Ray of Light Foundation joined a partnership with the National LGBTQ Task Force to expand that group's "violence prevention work, especially as it affects transgender women of color."
Health
Ray of Light Foundation, also helped to medical research and health associations, particularly those for musicians who are facing health problems. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the foundation funded American Near East Refugee Aid to purchase medicines and medical supplies.
Other contributions
The foundation gave nearly $4.4 million between 2001 and 2006 to the Kabbalah Center in Los Angeles; and followed up with more than $2.6 million in 2007. Ray of Light Foundation is also a frequent contributor to Raising Malawi, including a $1.3 million grant in 2016.
References
External links
Official website
Madonna
Charities based in California
"Faust in der Tasche" (Fist in the pocket) is a song by Die Toten Hosen, performed under the alias Ricky Curl and the Standing Ovations. It's the only single and the first track from the EP The Battle of the Bands.
The song is narrated by a man, whose girlfriend has left him to date another guy. The narrator is pissed, because he sees them together all the time and it makes him sick.
Track listing
"Faust in der Tasche" (Frege, von Holst/Frege) – 3:55 (as Ricky Curl and the Standing Ovations)
"La historia del pescador Pepe" (The story of Pepe the fisherman [in Spanish]) (Breitkopf, Frege, von Holst, Meurer, Trimpop/Frege) – 3:17 (as Die Flinger Domspatzen)
1985 singles
Die Toten Hosen songs
Songs written by Campino (singer)
Songs written by Andreas von Holst
1985 songs
The James A. Walls House is a historic house on J. A. Walls Drive on the eastern fringe of Holly Grove, Arkansas. It is an irregularly-shaped -story wood-frame structure with a cross-gabled hip roof, projecting sections, and corner turret typical of the Queen Anne style. Its porch, supported by Tuscan columns, and front entry, with fanlight and pedimented bay, are typical of the Colonial Revival. Built in 1903 by a prominent local builder, is one of the community's finest examples of this transitional style. It is set on a handsome manicured lot over in size.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Monroe County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Queen Anne architecture in Arkansas
Colonial Revival architecture in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1903
Houses in Monroe County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Monroe County, Arkansas
DID Super Moms 3 is the third season of the Indian Hindi-language dance reality television series DID Super Moms. It premiered on 2 July 2022 on Zee TV. Hosted by Jay Bhanushali. This season Judged by Remo D'Souza, Bhagyashree and Urmila Matondkar. The Grand Finale was aired on 25 September 2022 and winner was Varsha Bumra.
Production
Season 3 began premiering on 2 July 2022 as scheduled. On 25 May 2022 a promo was released on Zee TV official social media platforms. This show provided a platform to prove their mettle, and witness the stories and the resolution of the Super Moms to showcase their talent. The show is hosted and presented by Jay Bhanushali.
Super Gurus
Anuradha Iyengar
Ashish Patil
Bharat Ghare
Bhawana Khanduja
Kumar Sharma
Shayam Yadav
Shweta Warrier
Roza Rana
Rutuja Junarkar
Vaibhav Gughe
Vartika Jha
Vivek Chechare
Top 12 Super Moms
Guest
See also
Dance India Dance
Dance Plus
References
External links
DID Super Moms 3 on ZEE5
Indian dance television shows
2022 Indian television seasons
Indian reality television series
Hindi-language television shows
Television shows set in Mumbai
Zee TV original programming
The Leyte diminutive false gecko (Pseudogekko ditoy) is a species of gecko. It is endemic to the Philippines.
References
Pseudogekko
Reptiles described in 2014
Reptiles of the Philippines
I Hope Like Heck: The Selected Poems of Sarah Palin is a 2011 anthology of 50 found poems in emails by former Alaska governor Sarah Palin, edited by Michael Solomon. The 24,000 emails were released to the public on June 10, 2011; I Hope Like Heck was released 11 days later.
Jacob Weisberg, editor of Palinisms: The Accidental Wit and Wisdom of Sarah Palin, said of Solomon's book, "Not since Donald Rumsfeld's Pieces of Intelligence has an American politician arrived on the literary scene with such a stunningly unintentional poetic debut."
I Hope Like Heck was published by Byliner as a 64-page e-book, priced at US$1.99 for the Amazon Kindle, Barnes & Noble Nook, and mobile devices running the operating systems Android or iOS.
Contents
Solomon, an executive editor of Byliner, said he examined some of the released correspondence, and after some "literary sleuthing," he "discovered ... language that was clearly intended to be poetry."
Solomon said that it took two days of reading the emails to create and compile the poems, some of which are titled, "The Truth About The Moose," "You Are All Amazing – Except Maybe for Bruce," and "Carpe Per Diem." He turned various sentences from the trove of emails into verses, forming the humorous and sometimes absurd poems.
The title for I Hope Like Heck originated from an email regarding the proposed Gravina Island Bridge, funding for which Palin hoped would be allocated by the Alaska State Legislature. The poem reads: "When asked about the Gravina Bridge / I hope like heck / Lawmakers are smart enough / To chop that out / Of the state budget / So I don't have to."
Calling Palin "Alaska's comedic bard," Solomon's introduction states: "Verse, like America, yearns to be free. Few 21st-century poets understand this better than Sarah Palin. Not since Walt Whitman first heard America singing has a writer captured the hopes and dreams of her people so effortlessly – and with so many gerunds." Subjects of the poems include moose hunting, beauty contests, Alaska politics, and tanning beds.
References
External links
I Hope Like Heck at Amazon.com
I Hope Like Heck at Byliner.com
2011 poetry books
Books by Sarah Palin
Books about Sarah Palin
Found object
American poetry collections
ENOC (an acronym for , ) is the fourth studio album by Puerto Rican reggaeton singer Ozuna. It was released through Aura Music and Sony Music Latin on September 4, 2020. The album was supported by six singles: "Caramelo", "Gistro Amarillo", "Enemigos Ocultos", "Despeinada", "No Se Da Cuenta", and "Del Mar". The album's guest features include Myke Towers, Karol G, Daddy Yankee, Doja Cat, Sia, Camilo, and J Balvin.
Commercial performance
In the United States, ENOC debuted at number 17 on the US Billboard 200 and at number one on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart, with 21,000 album-equivalent units.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2020 albums
Ozuna (singer) albums
Spanish-language albums
A carpet stretcher is a specialized tool used to install wall-to-wall carpet. The tool grips the carpet with a set of tines on the head. A force applied to the tool then tensions the carpet and pulls it closer to the wall, where it can be fixed to a tack strip.
There are two main types of carpet stretchers: "power stretchers" and "knee kickers". Power stretchers apply tension with a lever, and use a pole, typically collapsible, to extend the tensioning force across the room. Power stretchers create more tension than knee kickers, and are used to tension carpeting in large rooms.
Knee kickers apply tension using a kick of the knee to the back of the tool. They are used to tension carpet in smaller spaces, such as closets, staircases, and rooms up to square. Failure to properly stretch carpet during installation can lead to the formation of wrinkles over time.
References
Tools
Rugs and carpets
Prof. (FH) Dr. Tassilo Pellegrini (born 1974) studied International Trade, Communication Science and Political Science at the University of Linz, University of Salzburg and University of Málaga. Since the end of 2007 he has been working as a lecturer at the University of Applied Sciences in St. Pölten. He obtained his master's degree in 1999 from the University of Salzburg on the topic of telecommunications policy in the European Union, which was followed by a PhD in 2010 on the topic of bounded policy-learning in the European Union with a focus on intellectual property policies. His current research encompasses economic effects of internet regulation with respect to market structure and outcome. He is a member of the International Network for Information Ethics (INIE), the African Network of Information Ethics (ANIE) and the Deutsche Gesellschaft für Publizistik und Kommunikationswissenschaft (DGPUK).
Beside his specialisation in policy research and media economics Tassilo Pellegrini has worked on semantic technologies and the Semantic Web. He is a co-founder of the Semantic Web Company in Vienna, a co-editor of the first German textbook on Semantic Web and Conference Chair of the annual I-SEMANTICS conference series founded in 2005.
Selected bibliography
Krone, Jan; Pellegrini, Tassilo (2012). Netzneutralität und Netzbewirtschaftung. Baden-Baden: Nomos Verlag
Krone, Jan; Pellegrini, Tassilo (2011). The commodification of internet data transfer and its impact on public-sector AV online services. Network neutrality and broadband content. In: Issues of Business and Law, 6/1, 2011
Pellegrini, Tassilo (2011). Semantic Web in netzbasierten Unterhaltungsmedien. Bausteine für eine Metadaten-Ökonomik. In: Müller-Lietzkow, Jörg (Ed.). Ökonomie, Qualität und Management von Unterhaltungsmedien. Tagungsband der deutsche Gesellschaft für Publizistik und Kommunikationswissenschaft. Baden-Baden: Nomos Verlag
Pellegrini, Tassilo; Auer, Sören; Tochtermann, Klaus; Schaffert, Sebastian (2009). Networked Knowledge – Networked Media. Integrating Knowledge Management, New Media Technology and Semantic Systems: New York: Springer Verlag
Blumauer, Andreas; Pellegrini, Tassilo (2008). Social Semantic Web. Die Konvergenz von Social Software und Semantic Web Berlin: Springer Verlag
Pellegrini, Tassilo; Blumauer, Andreas (2006): Semantic Web. Wege zur vernetzten Wissensgesellschaft. Berlin: Springer Verlag
more
References
International Network of Information Ethics
African Network of Information Ethics
Deutsche Gesellschaft für Publizistik und Kommunikationswissenschaft
External links
Semantic Web Company
New Media Division University of Applied Sciences St. Pölten
1974 births
Living people
University of Salzburg alumni
Johannes Kepler University Linz alumni
University of Málaga alumni
St. Pölten University of Applied Sciences faculty
is a railway station on the Jōhana Line in city of Takaoka, Toyama, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Futatsuka Station is a station on the Jōhana Line, and is located 3.3 kilometers from the end of the line at .
Layout
The station has one ground-level side platform and one ground-level island platform serving a total of three tracks; however, one track is used only by passing freight trains. The platforms are connected by a footbridge. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 3 April 1899, but was closed in 1902. It was reopened on 20 February 1914. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR West.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 41 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Chuetsu Pulp and Paper Company
Futatsuka Elementary School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Toyama Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Jōhana Line
Takaoka, Toyama
Riccardo Fainardi (1865–1959) was an Italian painter, sculptor and interior designer, noted for his contributions to buildings. He was born in Collecchio, Parma and died in Gaiano, Parma. Notable works include the Chiesa di Fornovo Taro in Fornovo di Taro, Parma in 1882 and the Chiesa di Sant'Andrea of Capri in 1900.
When still a "poverty-stricken painter", Fainardi was given the job of designing and supervising the construction of the Chiesa di Sant'Andrea on Capri by a German banker, Hugo Andreae, who owned a villa there. Soon after the church was completed, Andreae discovered that Fainardi had been having an affair with his young wife, Emma, and took her back to Germany. However, soon afterwards, in 1901, he died of shock, or by suicide and Emma moved back to Capri, having inherited his villa there, and married Fainardi. The couple renamed the villa "Villa Capricorno", but found it too painful to continue living there and subsequently left the island. Emma died in 1924.
Fainardi died on 24 December 1959.
References
19th-century Italian painters
19th-century Italian male artists
Italian male painters
20th-century Italian painters
Italian interior designers
1865 births
1959 deaths
Artists from Parma
20th-century Italian male artists
The Bagamoyo Port is set to be constructed in Bagamoyo, Tanzania. It is planned to be one of the largest government infrastructure projects in the country. The Bagamoyo port and its affiliate industrial zone is meant to address congestion at the old port and support Tanzania to become East Africa's leading shipping and logistics centre.
History
Contracts to begin port construction were signed in October 2015 and was set to complete phase I of the construction project in 2017. The project was cancelled by a new government 3 months later in January 2016.
Plan
The port is set to handle 20 million teu by 2045 and will be the largest port in East Africa when completed. The port is to handle 25 times the amount of cargo of Dar es Salaam Port and will help reduce the congestion at the port. The project also involves the construction of a Special economic zone adjacent to the port. Also to be constructed around Bagamoyo area are over 190 industries, including the manure processing industry that will be put up by the government of Oman. When fully developed, the Bagamoyo Special Economic Zone will attract about 700 industries to become a strategic investment zone in East Africa. The Chinese and Oman firms were supposed to invest in the project, but they dropped out. Other foreign companies have shown interest to invest in the project.
Special Economic Zone
The project also includes a 1700 ha special industrial zone. The special economic zone is funded by the Government of Tanzania and the State government reserve fund from Oman. The port is being constructed by China and the industrial zone will be constructed by Oman and administered by Export Processing Zone Authority of Tanzania. The industrial zone will also have rail links to the TAZARA Railway and Tanzanian Central Railway.
Stalling since 2019
In 2019 the Tanzanian government under President Magufuli entered into new negotiations about the ratification of the project. He was reported to have called the conditions "exploitative". In May 2019 Tanzania Ports Authority's (TPA) director general Deusdedit Kakoko declared that the negotiations have stalled "because investors' conditions were likely to deny Tanzania maximum benefit from the project", pointing to demands for tax exemption and compensation for any losses incurred during implementation of the project. In April 2020 a Kenyan newsite reported that Tanzania had cancelled the project, which was not commented on by official sources. Ever since the president had declared plans of reviving the project, many investors have shown interest. In September 2022, it was announced that the construction of the port will be commenced by the Government of Tanzania in 2023, and the investors will join in later.
See also
Tanzania Ports Authority
Transport in Tanzania
China Merchants Port
References
External links
Ports and harbours of Tanzania
Proposed transport infrastructure in Tanzania
Proposed ports
James Emanuel Boasberg (born February 20, 1963) is a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. He served as the Presiding Judge of the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court from 2020 to 2021 and is a former associate judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia.
Early life and education
Boasberg was born in San Francisco, California in 1963, to Sarah Margaret (Szold) and Emanuel Boasberg III. The family moved to Washington, D.C. when Boasberg's father accepted a position in Sargent Shriver's Office of Economic Opportunity, a Great Society agency responsible for implementing and administering many of Lyndon B. Johnson's War on Poverty programs.
Boasberg received a Bachelor of Arts from Yale University in 1985, where he was a member of Skull and Bones, and a Master of Studies the following year from St Peter's College, Oxford. He then earned his Juris Doctor from Yale Law School in 1990.
Clerkship and legal career
After completing law school, Boasberg served as a law clerk for Judge Dorothy W. Nelson of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit for the 1990–91 term. He then went into private practice, working at firms first in San Francisco (1991–94) and then in the District of Columbia (1995–96). In 1996, Boasberg joined the office of the United States Attorney for the District of Columbia where he would spend 5.5 years as a prosecutor, specializing in homicides.
Judicial service
In September 2002, Boasberg became an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, where he served in the Civil and Criminal Divisions and the Domestic Violence Branch until his appointment to the federal bench in 2011. During the 111th Congress, Delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton recommended Boasberg to fill a judicial vacancy on the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. On June 17, 2010, President Barack Obama formally nominated Boasberg to the District Court for the District of Columbia. Boasberg was confirmed on March 14, 2011 by a vote of 96 ayes to 0 nays. He received his commission on March 17, 2011.
Appointment to the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court
On February 7, 2014, Chief Justice John G. Roberts announced that he would appoint Boasberg to the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court for a term starting May 18, 2014 to a seat being vacated by Reggie Walton. His term began May 18, 2014. On December 20, 2019, the FISC announced he will replace the Presiding Judge FISC January 1, 2020 and elevated to preside. His term as presiding judge and judge of the FISC ended on May 19, 2021.
Appointment to Alien Terrorist Removal court
In 2020, he was appointed to the United States Alien Terrorist Removal Court and designated Chief Judge.
Notable rulings
Osama Bin Laden photos
On April 26, 2012, Boasberg ruled that the public had no right to view government photos of a deceased Osama Bin Laden. Judicial Watch, a conservative legal group, had filed a request under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), but were unsuccessful in convincing the Judge that FOIA rights outweighed national-security factors.
Registered tax return preparer regulations
On January 18, 2013, Boasberg issued a permanent injunction prohibiting the Internal Revenue Service from enforcing regulations on Registered Tax Return Preparers, which otherwise required tax return preparers to register with the IRS and pass a written test as evidence of competency. Loving v. Internal Revenue Service, No. 12-385 (U.S.D.C. D.C. 1/18/2013). The IRS appealed and in 2014, the Court of Appeals upheld Boasberg's district court decision.
Hillary Clinton emails
On August 22, 2016, Boasberg ordered the release of over 14,000 emails found in the United States Department of State correspondence of Hillary Clinton by the FBI during an investigation of Clinton's private server. These emails were requested by Judicial Watch, a conservative legal group, because the FBI had indicated that emails were work-related and not entirely private as Clinton had previously said.
Trump tax returns
On August 18, 2017, Boasberg dismissed a lawsuit from the Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC), which had sued the IRS under FOIA seeking President Donald Trump's personal tax returns from 2010 to the present to be released. Boasberg concluded that because personal tax returns are confidential, they may only be obtained either by permission from Trump himself or if Congress's Joint Committee on Taxation signed off to allow the disclosure.
Medicaid work rules
On March 27, 2019, Boasberg blocked a work requirement for recipients of Medicaid in Arkansas and Kentucky.
Dakota Access Pipeline
On March 25, 2020, Boasberg ordered a sweeping new environmental review by the Army Corps of Engineers of the Dakota Access Pipeline.
In a subsequent decision on July 6, 2020, he vacated an easement to cross the Missouri River pending completion of the environmental review and ordered the pipeline to be emptied within 30 days. On August 5, a three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit upheld the ruling regarding the easement; however, the judges vacated the order to empty the pipeline and asked the Army Corps of Engineers to submit a follow-up brief on whether they would allow continued pipeline operation without the easement.
North Atlantic Right Whale
On April 9, 2020, Boasberg issued an opinion finding that the National Marine Fisheries Service violated the Endangered Species Act when it issued a Biological Opinion in 2014 allowing for the accidental killings of North Atlantic right whales (of which only about 400 remain as of April 8, 2020) by the American lobster fishery, which consists of seven areas spanning the East Coast from Maine to North Carolina.
Personal life
Boasberg married Elizabeth Leslie Manson in 1991. His brother, Tom Boasberg, succeeded Michael Bennet as Superintendent of Denver Public Schools after Colorado Governor Bill Ritter appointed Bennet to the United States Senate in January 2009.
He is an aficionado of William Shakespeare's plays. In February 2018, he played a crown prosecutor in The Trial of Hamlet that was presented at the Shakespeare Theatre Company.
See also
Medicaid expansion
Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
References
External links
Biography of Judge Boasberg at the Superior Court
|-
|-
1963 births
21st-century American judges
Alumni of St Peter's College, Oxford
Assistant United States Attorneys
Judges of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia
Judges of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia
Judges of the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court
Living people
United States district court judges appointed by Barack Obama
Yale Law School alumni
Carlo Leoni (13 March 1955, Rome) is an Italian politician.
After a long time as an activist and director of the Partito Comunista Italiano (PCI) and of the Democratici di Sinistra (DS), he became a deputy in the Italian Chamber of Deputies in 1996, and was re-elected to that role in 2001 and 2006.
In the XIV Legislatura he became the DS's capogruppo on the Commission on Institutional Affairs of the Chamber and a member of the Bicameral Anti-mafia Commission. On 4 May 2006 he was elected vice-president of the Chamber of Deputies.
Following the 4th Congress of the DS, which sanctioned the birth of the Partito Democratico, Leoni left the DS and joined the Sinistra Democratica.
External links
Homepage
Living people
1955 births
Politicians from Rome
Italian Communist Party politicians
20th-century Italian politicians
Woodleigh is a village, parish and former manor located in the South Hams region of the county of Devon, England.
Etymology
The name is derived from the Old English "leah" meaning a clearing in a forest.
History
The manor is listed in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Odelie and was the 13th of the 17 holdings of Robert of Aumale (Latinised to Robertus de Albemarle). It then formed part of his demesne lands.
Wood Barton on the northern edge of Woodleigh was built as a Cistercian monastery before being converted to apartments.
Woodbarton and 1200+ acres of surrounding land was once owned by racehorse trainer and farmer David barons..
https://www.racingpost.com/news/grand-national-winning-trainer-david-barons-dies-at-age-of-81/320277
Demographics
The population of Woodleigh is approximately 150.
Amenities
Whilst there was once a small school in the village now this has been converted into a house so that the children of the village must travel to the much larger village of Loddiswell to receive their education. Woodleigh has no shops, pubs or sports facilities but it does have a postbox.
Historic estates
The parish includes the following historic estates:
Wood
Wood was held by a junior branch of the Fortescue family whose earliest known seat in Devon was Wympstone in the parish of Modbury. Sir Henry Fortescue (fl. 1426), Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas in Ireland, married as his first wife Jane Bozun, daughter of Edmond Bozun of Wood, and Wood became the residence of his son and heir John Fortescue, and passed to his male descendants for three generations. The only daughter and heiress of John's great-grandson Anthony Fortescue of Wood was Joan Fortescue, who married her cousin John Fortescue (d.1587) of Preston, Devon. The Fortescue Baronetcy, "of Woodleigh in the County of Devon", was created in the Baronetage of England on 29 January 1667 for Peter Fortescue (1620-1685) of Wood in the parish of Woodleigh, 3rd son of Francis Fortescue (d.circa 1649) of Preston, Devon, descended from John Fortescue (d.1479) of Wympstone in the parish of Modbury, Devon, MP for Totnes, Tavistock and Plympton. The title became extinct on his death in 1685.
References
Villages in Devon
Casemate Publishers is a publishing company based in the Philadelphia suburbs that specializes in producing printed military history books. They have published over 500 titles on military history. Many of their books are memoirs and historical overviews of specific military events. They also distribute books for other publishing companies and market their products to enthusiasts, hobbyists, students, instructors, and researchers of military history, as well as members of the armed forces and military organizations.
History
Casemate Publishers was established in 2001, when Combined Publishing‘s US operations were sold to Perseus Books Group and rolled into its Da Capo imprint. The running of their distribution operation was taken over by Combined Publishing's sales director David Farnsworth, who created new distribution company Casemate Publishers and Book Distributors LLC. Casemate began distributing books in North America for publishers, specializing in military history. The company also began to publish its own military history books and since 2001 has expanded its publishing output to 75 book titles a year.
In July 2007, Casemate supported a management buyout of the Greenhill Books/Chatham Publishing distribution operation and sales team from Lionel Leventhal Ltd and set up a new company, Casemate UK Ltd. As a result, Casemate UK became responsible for the sales, marketing, and distribution of a number of military history and art book publishers.
In December 2011, Casemate UK's parent company, Casemate Publishers Ltd, bought leading archaeology publisher and bookseller Oxbow Books, together with its US operation, The David Brown Book Company, from its founder, David Brown, on his retirement. Oxbow was founded in Oxford in the UK in 1983, and is still based there. Oxbow Books currently publishes 80 books a year. With the acquisition of Oxbow Books, Casemate also acquired Oxbow's North American distribution arm, The David Brown Company, which was founded in 1991. In 2013 The David Brown Book Company was rebranded as Casemate Academic. Casemate Academic provides specialist sales, marketing, and distribution to leading institutions and publishers from around the world in the US market.
In 2015, Casemate acquired International Publishers Marketing from Books International and merged its existing Athena brand into a new division, Casemate IPM. Casemate IPM is Casemate's general trade distribution arm. In 2019 Casemate acquired the distribution business of US-based Dufour Editions, making Casemate IPM the largest distributor of books for Scottish, Irish, and Welsh publishers in the United States. Dufour continues to publish under its own imprint and is distributed by Casemate IPM.
Notes
External links
Casemate website
Publishing companies established in 2001
Book publishing companies of the United Kingdom
Book publishing companies based in Pennsylvania
Books about military history
2001 establishments in Pennsylvania
Pace Settlement is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
References
Explore HRM
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
A constitutional referendum was held in Guinea on 23 December 1990. The new constitution was approved by 98.7% of voters, with a turnout of 97.4%.
Results
References
1990
1990 referendums
1990 in Guinea
Constitutional referendums
Chakia (sometimes written as Chakiya) (Devanagari:चकिया) is a small town (nagar panchayat) and the sub-divisional headquarters of Chakia Tehsil in the District of Chandauli of Varanasi Division in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Geography
The town has an average elevation of .
The Chandra Prabha Wildlife Sanctuary, famous for its flora and fauna in the hills of Vindhyas, is a stone throw-away from the town of Chakia.
The tehsil consists of forests, dams, rivers and hills most of which form the Chandra Prabha Sanctuary. Karamnasa, Chandraprabha and Garai rivers drain the tehsil.
History
In British India Chakia was part of the Benares State and was one of the tehsils of Varanasi district until 1997. The tehsil stretches from Gangetic plains to the center of Vindhyas plateau. A good part of the tehsil lies on the Vindhya plateau.
Economy
The economy of the region is largely agricultural.
Demographics
India census, the Chakia Nagar Panchayat had a population of 17,356, of which 9,050 were males, and 8,306 were females.
Population of children aged 0–6 years was 2,440 which translated into 14.06% of total population of the Nagar Panchayat. Sex ratio was 918 females per 1,000 males against state average of 912 females per 1,000 males. Moreover, child sex ratio in Chakia was around 883:1,000 compared to Uttar Pradesh's average of 902:1,000. Chakia's literacy rate was 75.90%, which was higher than state average of 67.68%. In Chakia, male literacy rate was around 81.43% compared to female's 69.91%.
Sights
Chandra Prabha Wildlife Sanctuary— The sanctuary is famous for its wildlife and two waterfalls, Raj Dari and Dev Dari, and a reservoir.
Latif-Shah Dam— This dam is considered one of the oldest dams in India, Which was completed in 1921; it is built on the river Karm-nasha. The reservoir created by the dam is used mainly for irrigation.
Kali Temple— The temple devoted to goddess Kali was built by the King of Banaras State in the 16th century. The temple campus includes a large pond.
Maharaja Quila— A small fort built by Raja Balwant Singh of Benares to rest during hunting trips.
Mushakhad Dam— Another dam on Karm-nasha. The reservoir created by this dam is used mainly for irrigation.
Jageshwarnath Temple— The temple is devoted to Lord Shiva, situated on the banks of river Chandra-Prabha, a short distance from the town.
Transportation
No regular mass-transit to and from Chakia is available these days. Government-run bus service of past is infrequently available. The nearest railway station, Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay, is approximately 30 kilometres away.
The nearest airport, the Lal Bahadur Shastri International, named after the second prime minister of India, is nearly 60 kilometers northwest from Chakia.
References
Cities and towns in Chandauli district
Tim Campbell (1939-2015) was a gay activist and newspaper publisher. Campbell was born in Leavenworth, Kansas and grew up in Texas. He earned his master's degree in French linguistics from the University of Texas and moved to teach at the University of Minnesota in 1972. In Minnesota, he reported for a short-lived newspaper, Positively Gay and went on to found GLC Voice, a newspaper from the Twin Cities gay and lesbian community which ran from 1979 to 1992. GLC Voice was distributed freely on college campuses, in gay bars, bookstores, and on the streets. Campbell was well known in Minnesota as a self-appointed spokesman for the gay community and often employed confrontational and spectacle tactics in his activism. For example, he once dressed as Lady Liberty to protest the Rev. Jerry Falwell and set fire in the Minneapolis Civil Rights Department to protest the handling of gay issues.
References
1939 births
2015 deaths
20th-century American newspaper founders
LGBT rights activists from the United States
{{safesubst:#invoke:RfD|||month = August
|day = 24
|year = 2022
|time = 15:24
|timestamp = 20220824152405
|content=
REDIRECT Rao
}}
The Center for Student Missions (CSM) is a Christian mission organization.
History
CSM began in 1988. Instead of traveling to a different country and creating their own ministry, groups are brought into urban centers throughout North America and partnered with ministries in the city.
References
External links
Students Spend Spring Break Helping Others, Click2Houston.com, March 22, 2006
"Mission Organizer Advises Sensitivity to Needs of Poor", Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, October 16, 2005
Christian missions in North America
The Exception is a 2016 romantic war film directed by David Leveaux (in his directorial debut) and written by Simon Burke, based on Alan Judd's 2003 novel The Kaiser's Last Kiss. The film stars Jai Courtney, Lily James, Janet McTeer, and Christopher Plummer. The plot is a fictionalized account of the life of exiled Kaiser Wilhelm II (Plummer). When a Wehrmacht officer (Courtney) is ordered to determine whether or not a British spy has infiltrated the Kaiser's residence with a view to assassinating the deposed monarch, he falls in love with one of the Kaiser's maids (James) during his investigation. The film is set in Occupied Netherlands during World War II.
In 2014, Egoli Tossell Film announced that development on a film adaptation of Judd's novel had begun. Principal photography in Belgium lasted six weeks in 2015. The film held its world premiere at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival in the Special Presentations section. The film received a limited release and video-on-demand release on 2 June 2017 through A24 and DirecTV Cinema in the United States. The film was released on 2 October 2017 in the United Kingdom through Signature Entertainment.
Plot
During World War II, Wehrmacht Captain Stefan Brandt is assigned to take command of the personal bodyguard of deposed German Emperor Wilhelm II at his estate of Huis Doorn, near Utrecht, Netherlands. Nazi authorities are concerned that an Allied spy may be planning to assassinate the former Kaiser. While Wilhelm is an elderly man with no power, the SS are aware that he remains a great symbolic importance to the German people.
Despite the Kaiser's adjutant, Colonel Sigurd von Ilsemann, giving Brandt strict orders not to interfere with the female servants, Brandt is immediately drawn into a passionate affair with Mieke de Jong, one of the maids, who reveals to Brandt that she is Jewish.
Gestapo Inspector Dietrich informs Brandt that the British Secret Service has an agent with a radio hidden somewhere in a nearby village and orders Brandt to identify the second agent known to be inside the ex-Kaiser's household.
Prior to a visit from SS Commander Heinrich Himmler, Brandt notices a smell of gun oil from Mieke's room. He follows Mieke when she visits the village pastor andwatching outside a windowhears her tell the pastor that she is prepared to assassinate Himmler as revenge for the SS having murdered her father and husband. The pastor responds that assassinating Himmler is not their mission.
The SS pinpoints the pastor's radio transmissions. They arrest and savagely torture him, demanding the name of the other spy. Shortly afterward, Wilhelm's wife Hermine, jealous of Wilhelm's fondness for Mieke, tells him of Brandt and Mieke's affair. She expects her husband to dismiss Mieke and have Brandt court-martialed, but the ex-Kaiser angrily responds that even though he no longer rules Germany, he will rule his own house. In private, he reveals to the lovers that he fathered illegitimate children before and after marrying his first wife, Empress Augusta Victoria. Saying he will not be a hypocrite, the Kaiser orders the lovers to go about their duties, but to be more discreet.
During a planned house search before Himmler's arrival, Brandt himself searches Mieke's room to protect her cover. Brandt learns as Himmler is arriving that the tortured pastor will soon reveal Mieke's identity and he urges her to flee. She refuses, insisting that she has a mission.
Himmler extends to Wilhelm an invitation from Adolf Hitler to return to his former throne in Berlin. He then meets with Brandt and Dietrich, informing them that the invitation is a bluff, intended to draw out and execute anti-Nazi monarchists. Hermine is overjoyed at the thought of finally becoming Empress of Germany but Wilhelm, troubled by Himmler's boasts about the euthanasia of disabled children, remains unsureeven when Colonel von Ilsemann speaks to him of how Wilhelm can become "a restraining influence."
When Brandt asks von Ilsemann whether an officer can serve something other than his country, the Colonel replies, "First you must decide what is your country and if it even still exists." Brandt pauses, then tells von Ilsemann of Himmler's plans for the Kaiser's supporters.
Mieke completes her mission by delivering to Wilhelm a message from Winston Churchill, offering the Kaiser political asylum in the United Kingdom and the throne of a defeated Germany after the war. Wilhelm refuses, having decided that he is finally at peace with the loss of his throne.
As the Gestapo closes in on Mieke, Brandt devises an escape plan. Wilhelm, Mieke, and Brandt escape in a van as the Kaiser pretends to have a heart attack. In the process, Brandt kills Dietrich and another SS officer. Mieke asks Brandt to flee with her, fearing he will be executed for the murders. Brandt insists that he has a duty to Germany and has a good alibi. As Mieke departs, Brandt asks Mieke to marry him. She tells Brandt yes and to find her after the war, then she flees into the woods.
Some time later, Brandt is working at a desk in Berlin. He is delivered a package, which contains a book of Friedrich Nietzsche's writings that Mieke had once shown him. Inside is written a London address. In London, Mieke is seated on a park bench when she is informed that Churchill is ready to see her. Rising, Mieke puts her hand on her belly, revealing that she is pregnant. In Utrecht, Colonel von Ilsemann informs Wilhelm that Brandt has called from Berlin with wonderful news. Realising this means Mieke has escaped to Britain, Wilhelm is overjoyed.
Cast
Lily James as Mieke de Jong
Jai Courtney as Captain Stefan Brandt
Janet McTeer as Princess Hermine Reuss of Greiz
Christopher Plummer than Kaiser Wilhelm II
Eddie Marsan as Heinrich Himmler
Ben Daniels as Colonel Sigurd von Ilsemann
Mark Dexter as Dietrich
Kris Cuppens as Pastor Hendriks
Anton Lesser than General Falkenberg
Lucas Tavernier as SS-Colonel Meyer
Production
Pre-production
Christopher Plummer's longtime manager and one of the film's lead producers, Lou Pitt, was recommended Alan Judd's novel The Kaiser's Last Kiss. Pitt said, "The first time I heard about the novel was from Chris who liked the character and setting quite a lot as did I after reading it ... this would have been around 2005 or 2006. At the time, the book was under option, but for good reason, we kept an eye on it.”
On 21 May 2014, Egoli Tossell Film and its parent company Film House Germany revealed that a film adaptation of Judd's novel was in development. At the 2015 Cannes Film Festival, Lotus Entertainment handled international sales for the film, previously titled The Kaiser's Last Kiss.
Casting
On 12 May 2015, it was announced that Lily James would play the character Mieke de Jong. On 7 July 2015, Jai Courtney was cast in the leading role as Captain Stefan Brandt. On 11 September 2015, Janet McTeer and Eddie Marsan joined the cast of The Kaiser's Last Kiss as Princess Hermine Reuss of Greiz and Heinrich Himmler, respectively.
Filming
On 11 September 2015, it was confirmed that principal photography was underway in Belgium, The film was shot in 33 days over six weeks mainly in the Leeuwergem Castle and in various locations in Belgium in 2015.
Release
In October 2016, A24 and DirecTV Cinema acquired U.S distribution rights to the film. The film was released on 2 June 2017. The film was the closing-night selection of the 2017 Newport Beach Film Festival, where Lily James' performance was referred to as "a true breakout" by Festival co-founder and chief executive officer Gregg Schwenk. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray in the U.S. by Lionsgate on 8 August 2017.
Critical response
Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes reports an approval rating of 73% based on 60 reviews, with an average rating of 6.2/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "The Exception (The Kaiser's Last Kiss) elegantly blends well-dressed period romance and war drama into a solidly crafted story further elevated by Christopher Plummer's excellent work and the efforts of a talented supporting cast." Metacritic gives the film a score of 60 out of 100, based on reviews from 15 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
References
External links
2016 films
2016 drama films
2010s romantic drama films
2010s spy films
2016 directorial debut films
American romantic drama films
American spy films
British romantic drama films
British spy films
World War II spy films
Films scored by Ilan Eshkeri
Films set in the Netherlands
A24 (company) films
Cultural depictions of Heinrich Himmler
Cultural depictions of Wilhelm II
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
2010s British films
The is a railway line operated by the West Japan Railway Company (JR West) between Tottori, Tottori Prefecture and Tsuyama, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
Route data
Operating Company:
West Japan Railway Company (Services and tracks)
Distance:
Tottori — Tsuyama: 73.4 km
Gauge:
Stations: 19
Double-tracking: None
Electrification: Not electrified
Railway signalling:
Special automatic occlusive (track circuit detection type)
Stations
●: Stop ▲: Some services stop ｜: Pass
Rolling stock
Local
KiHa 47
KiHa 120
KiHa 121 and KiHa 126 series
Chizu Express HOT3500
Wakasa Railway WT3000 and WT3300
Limited Express
KiHa 187 series (Super Inaba)
Chizu Express HOT7000 series (Super Hakuto)
History
The Imbi line was built by the Japanese Government Railway, with the first section opened from Tottori to Mochigase in 1919, extended to Chizu in 1923. The Tsuyama to Mimasaka-Kamo section, opened in 1928, was extended to Mimasaka-Kawai in 1931 and the line was completed with the opening of the section to Chizu (including a 3,077 m tunnel) in 1932.
CTC signalling was commissioned between Tottori and Chizu in 1994.
See also
List of railway lines in Japan
References
1067 mm gauge railways in Japan
Lines of West Japan Railway Company
Rail transport in Okayama Prefecture
Rail transport in Tottori Prefecture
Shivpur is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 2,084, in 333 households. Arrah is the nearest major city.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Egbert v. Boule, 596 U.S. ___ (2022), is a United States Supreme Court case related to Bivens v. Six Unknown Named Agents.
Background
Bivens v. Six Unknown Named Agents was a 1971 Supreme Court case that allowed for private citizens to seek monetary damages from federal agents when their rights were violated. However, the Bivens decision was based on a limited application of the Fourth Amendment to protect from illegal search and seizure, and since Bivens was decided, the Supreme Court has generally denied extending that decision to cover other causes of actions on the basis that only Congress could otherwise establish a pathway for such remedies.
Robert Boule is the owner of "Smuggler's Inn", a bed-and-breakfast in Blaine, Washington, near the Canada–United States border. Part of Boule's property extended into Canada, which allowed for illegal crossing of the border as well as a route for contraband. That made the United States Border Patrol keep close watch on the hotel, and Boule often worked with Border Patrol agents to notify them when persons of interest were staying at his inn to allow them to be detained by the agents.
In 2014, the Border Patrol became aware of a Turkish person that had arranged travel to the inn. When the guest arrived at the inn, the agent Erik Egbert approached the inn and looked to speak with the individual. Boule stopped Egbert and asked him to leave. Boule alleged that Egbert had used a show of force and unlawfully harassed him during the visit to the inn and later retaliated against him by reporting him to the Internal Revenue Service. The district court ruled for Egbert and found that the Supreme Court had held that under the prior Supreme Court case Bivens v. Six Unknown Named Agents, causes of action that would allow citizens to sue federal agents for violation of their rights could not be extended to First Amendment retaliation claims or Fourth Amendment claims touching on immigration issues. A panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit reversed. Twelve judges dissented from the denial of rehearing en banc, in opinions authored by Judges John B. Owens, Daniel Bress, and Patrick J. Bumatay.
Boule subsequently filed a petition for a writ of certiorari.
Supreme Court
Certiorari was granted in the case on November 5, 2021, limited to the first two questions presented. The Court declined to consider the question of whether Bivens should be completely overruled.
The Court issued its decision on June 8, 2022. In a 9–0 decision, the court reversed the Ninth Circuit's ruling on the First Amendment retaliation claim. It split 6–3 on the Fourth Amendment claim. Justice Clarence Thomas wrote the majority. Justice Neil Gorsuch concurred in the judgment and called for Bivens to be overruled in its entirety. Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote an opinion concurring in the judgment in part (as to the First Amendment claim) and dissenting in part (as to the Fourth Amendment claim). Thomas wrote that under Bivens, only Congress could authorize the ability to authorize a damage remedy for either asserted First or Fourth Amendment violations for cases against federal agents, and cautioned from allowing the court to expand beyond the limited cases that Bivens allowed for. In the partial dissent, Sotomayor agreed that the alleged First Amendment violations could not go forward under Bivens, but argued that the Fourth Amendment claim should have been considered.
Subsequent developments
The decision reinforces the immunity of federal officers from lawsuits related to claims of violations of constitutional rights.
References
External links
2022 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
United States First Amendment case law
United States Fourth Amendment case law
"Bulbs" is a song written by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison. It was the only single to be taken from his 1974 album Veedon Fleece, with a B-side of "Cul de Sac" for the US release and "Who Was That Masked Man" for the UK release.
Recording and composition
"Bulbs" was first recorded with different lyrics at the recording session for the 1973 album, Hard Nose the Highway, released in 1973. After the first recording session for Veedon Fleece, "Bulbs" was re-cut at Mercury Studios in New York City in March 1974, along with "Cul de Sac" to give it a more rock feeling. According to Jef Labes this was "because he (Morrison) didn't feel they had the right feeling... It was me, Van and a bunch of other guys that he'd never played with." Bass player Joe Macho had previously played on the 1966 Bobby Hebb hit song "Sunny".
"Bulbs" has been described as "a pleasant, catchy country ditty, a Dire Straits song before its time" by biographer John Collis. As with many of Morrison's songs, "Bulbs" does not have a clear story line, but in part focuses on immigration to the United States as in the lines:
She's leaving Pan American
Suitcase in her hand
I said her brothers and her sisters
Are all on Atlantic sand
Critical reception
In an interview with Morrison, Tom Donahue said, after he had listened to "Bulbs": "You always make great noises. The other things you do in songs beside the words."
In a Stylus Magazine review for the album Veedon Fleece, Derek Miller says of the song:
"Of course, the best and most immediately memorable song on Veedon Fleece is "Bulbs". Coming about as close to laying down a groove as he does on the album, the song quickly makes dust of its acoustic start, leaping headstrong into a Waylon Jennings' style bass-roll, rump heavy and plush, pianos shimmering and fingerdense."
Morrison performed the song on the German television show Musikladen on 13 November 1974.
Title
The title might come from the lines:
And her batteries are corroded
And her hundred watt bulb just blew
or the repeated chorus:
.. she's standing in the shadowsWhere the street lights all turn bluePersonnel
Van Morrison – vocals, acoustic guitar
John Tropea – electric guitar
Jef Labes – piano
Joe Macho – bass
Allan Schwartzberg- drums
Other releases
A live performance of this song is featured on the 1974 disc of Morrison's 2006 issued DVD, Live at Montreux 1980/1974. Morrison used a stripped-down band on this Montreaux Jazz Festival appearance consisting of:
Van Morrison – vocals, guitar
Pete Wingfield – piano, background vocals
Jerome Rimson – bass, background vocals
Dallas Taylor – drums
Covers
Australian blues and root band The Revelators covered the song on their 2000 album, The Adventures of The Amazing Revelators.
Ellis Hooks performed a cover version of "Bulbs" on the 2003 released tribute album, Vanthology: A Tribute to Van Morrison.
Notes
References
Collis, John (1996). Inarticulate Speech of the Heart, Little Brown and Company,
Heylin, Clinton (2003). Can You Feel the Silence? Van Morrison: A New Biography, Chicago Review Press
Hinton, Brian (1997). Celtic Crossroads: The Art of Van Morrison'', Sanctuary,
1974 singles
Van Morrison songs
Songs written by Van Morrison
1973 songs
Warner Records singles
Song recordings produced by Van Morrison
Hart County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 25,213. The county seat is Hartwell.
Hart County was created December 7, 1853 and named for Nancy Hart. Of Georgia's 159 counties, Hart County is the only one named after a woman. Lake Hartwell is also named for her.
Letters to Miss Celie in the movie The Color Purple (film) by Steven Spielberg, based on the novel The Color Purple by Alice Walker, are addressed to "Hartwell County, Georgia" suggesting that the movie is set either in Hartwell or Hart County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (9.6%) is water. The county is located in the Piedmont region of the state.
Most of the southern three-quarters of Hart County is located in the Upper Savannah River sub-basin of the larger Savannah River basin, with the exception of two slivers of the county, south of Royston and west of Bowersville, which are located in the Broad River sub-basin of the Savannah River basin. The northern quarter of the county is located in the Tugaloo River sub-basin of the same Savannah River basin.
Major highways
Interstate 85
U.S. Route 29
State Route 8
State Route 17
State Route 51
State Route 59
State Route 77
State Route 77 Connector
State Route 77 Spur
State Route 172
State Route 180
State Route 281
State Route 403 (unsigned designation for I-85)
Adjacent counties
Oconee County, South Carolina (north)
Anderson County, South Carolina (northeast)
Elbert County (south)
Madison County (southwest)
Franklin County (west)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 22,997 people, 9,106 households, and 6,610 families living in the county. The population density was 99 people per square mile (38/km2). There were 11,111 housing units at an average density of 48 per square mile (18/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 79.09% White, 19.36% Black or African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.53% Asian, 0.24% from other races, and 0.63% from two or more races. 0.85% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 9,106 households, out of which 29.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.80% were married couples living together, 12.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.40% were non-families. 24.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.92.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.50% under the age of 18, 7.70% from 18 to 24, 27.30% from 25 to 44, 25.00% from 45 to 64, and 16.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 97.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,833, and the median income for a family was $39,600. Males had a median income of $30,652 versus $21,233 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,714. About 12.20% of families and 14.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.10% of those under age 18 and 16.50% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 25,213 people, 10,121 households, and 6,998 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 13,007 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 77.4% white, 18.7% black or African American, 0.9% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 1.7% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 13.6% were American, 8.4% were English, 7.4% were Irish, and 6.6% were German.
Of the 10,121 households, 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were married couples living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.9% were non-families, and 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.94. The median age was 42.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,109 and the median income for a family was $44,451. Males had a median income of $35,172 versus $26,836 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,124. About 17.4% of families and 22.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.4% of those under age 18 and 13.4% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 25,828 people, 9,853 households, and 6,743 families residing in the county.
Attractions
Lake Hartwell, a man-made lake covering 56,000 acres built for flood control and recreation
The Scarecrow festival occurs in Hartwell every year during the month of October. This is when the downtown gets "invaded" by scarecrows, which are handmade scarecrows placed in front of local shops and businesses.
Cateechee is one of the state's finest golf courses. It has 380 acres of land and 18 holes.
The Hartwell Dam is the county's largest generator of electricity, supplying power to more than 10 states. It can be seen at the Georgia and South Carolina border or U.S. Route 29. Usually power is generated daily and a long fog horn is heard all around the dam before they start generating.
Communities
City
Hartwell
Town
Bowersville
Census-designated places
Eagle Grove
Reed Creek
Other unincorporated communities
Air Line
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hart County, Georgia
References
External links
Hart County historical marker
Parkertown 1832 historical marker
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1853 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Northeast Georgia
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1853
The Revised Payment Services Directive (PSD2, Directive (EU) 2015/2366, which replaced the Payment Services Directive (PSD), Directive 2007/64/EC) is an EU Directive, administered by the European Commission (Directorate General Internal Market) to regulate payment services and payment service providers throughout the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA). The PSD's purpose was to increase pan-European competition and participation in the payments industry also from non-banks, and to provide for a level playing field by harmonizing consumer protection and the rights and obligations for payment providers and users.
The key objectives of the PSD2 directive are creating a more integrated European payments market, making payments more secure and protecting consumers.
Overview
The SEPA (Single Euro Payments Area) is a self-regulatory initiative by the European banking sector represented in the European Payments Council, which defines the harmonization of payment products, infrastructures and technical standards (Rulebooks for credit transfer/direct debit, BIC, IBAN, ISO 20022 XML message format, EMV chip cards/terminals). The PSD provides the legal framework within which all payment service providers must operate.
The PSD's purpose in regard to the payments industry was to increase pan-European competition with participation also from non-banks, and to provide for a level playing field by harmonizing consumer protection and the rights and obligations for payment providers and users.
The PSD's purpose in regard to consumers was to increase customer rights, guarantee faster payments (no later than next day since 1 January 2012), describe refund rights, and give clearer information on payments. Although the PSD was a maximum harmonisation directive, certain elements allowed for different options by individual countries.
The final adopted text of PSD went into force 25 December 2007 and was transposed into national legislation by all EU and EEA member states by 1 November 2009.
Technical overview
The PSD contained two main sections:
The "market rules" described which type of organizations could provide payment services. Next to credit institutions (i.e. banks) and certain authorities (e.g. central banks, government bodies), the PSD mentioned electronic money institutions (EMI), created by the E-Money Directive in 2000, and created the new category of "payment institutions" (PI) with its own prudential regime rules. Organizations that are neither credit institutions nor EMIs could apply for an authorization as a payment institution if they met certain capital and risk management requirements. The application could be made in any EU country where they are established and they could then "passport" their payment services into all other EU member states without additional PI requirements.
The "business conduct rules" specified what transparency of information payment service institutions needed to provide, including any charges, exchange rates, transaction references and maximum execution time. It stipulated the rights and obligations for both payment service providers and users, how to authorize and execute transactions, liability in case of unauthorized use of payment instruments, refunds on payments, revoking payment orders, and value dating of payments.
Each country had to designate a "competent authority" for prudential supervision of the PIs and to monitor compliance with business conduct rules, as transposed into national legislation.
Updates
The PSD was updated in 2009 (EC Regulation 924/2009) and 2012 (EU Regulation 260/2012). An implementation report from 2013 found the PSD facilitated "provision of uniform payment services across the EU" and reduced legal and production costs for many payment service providers and that "the expected benefits have not yet been fully realised". The same report found the 2009 update "to be functioning well. For example, charges for €100 transfers followed a further downward trend to €0.50 euro-area average for transfers initiated online and remained low, at €3.10 for transfers initiated at the bank counter".
In October 2021 the EBA launched a public consultation on the amendment of its Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) on strong customer authentication and secure communication (SCA&CSC) under the Payment Services Directive (PSD2) with regard to 90-day exemption from SCA for account access. In the UK, the FCA published PS 21/19 (“policy statement”) for “Changes to the SCA-RTS and to the guidance in ‘Payment Services and Electronic Money – Our Approach' and the Perimeter Guidance Manual” . This document proposed a number of modifications including to Article 10 of the UK- RTS, by replacing the requirement for the PSU to re-authenticate with their ASPSP every 90 days to allow AISP access with the requirement for the PSU to reconfirm their consent with their AISP directly.
Remaining issues
The PSD only applied to payments within the European Economic Area, but not to transactions to or from third countries.
PSD exemptions related to payment activities left users unprotected.
The PSD option for merchants to charge a fee or give a rebate, combined with the option for countries to limit this, led to "extreme heterogeneity in the market".
So-called "third party payment service providers" emerged, which facilitated online shopping by offering low cost payments on the Internet by using the customers' home online banking application with their agreement, and informing merchants that the money is on its way. Other "account information services" offer consolidated information on different accounts of a payments service user. Harmonisation of refund rules regarding direct debits, a reduction of the scope of the "simplified regime" for so-called "small payment institutions" and addressing security, access to information on payment accounts or data privacy with possible licensing and supervision were proposed.
Revised Directive on Payment Services (PSD2)
On 8 October 2015, the European Parliament adopted the European Commission proposal to create safer and more innovative European payments (PSD2, Directive (EU) 2015/2366). The current rules aim to better protect consumers when they pay online, promote the development and use of innovative online and mobile payments such as through open banking, and make cross-border European payment services safer.
Then-Commissioner Jonathan Hill, responsible for Financial Stability, Financial Services and Capital Markets Union, said, "This legislation is a step towards a digital single market; it will benefit consumers and businesses, and help the economy grow."
On 16 November 2015, the Council of the European Union passed PSD2. Member states then had two years to incorporate the directive into their national laws and regulations. On 27 November 2017, Commission delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/389 supplemented PSD2 with regard to regulatory technical standards for strong customer authentication and common and secure open standards of communication.
The EU and many banks pushed this development with the new Payments Service Directive 2 (PSD2), which came into force on 13 January 2018. Banks then adapted to these changes which opened many technical challenges, but also many strategic opportunities, such as collaborating with fintech providers, for the future.
An important element of PSD2 is the requirement for strong customer authentication on the majority of electronic payments.
Another important element of the directive is the demand for common and secure communication (CSC). eIDAS-defined qualified certificates for are demanded for website authentication and electronic seals used for communication between financial services players. The technical specification ETSI TS 119 495 defines a standard for implementing these requirements.
PSD2 went into full effect on 14 September 2019, but due to delays in the implementation, the European Banking Authority allowed for a time extension of the strong customer authentication (SCA) until 31 December 2020.
Key dates
March 2000: Lisbon Agenda to make Europe "the world's most competitive and dynamic knowledge-driven economy" by 2010
December 2001: regulation EC 2560/2001 on cross-border payments in Euro
2002: European Payments Council created by the banking industry, driving the Single Euro Payments Area initiative to harmonize the main non-cash payment instruments across the Euro area (by end 2010)
2001–2004: consultation period and preparation of PSD
December 2005: proposal for PSD by DG Internal Market Commissioner McCreevy
25 December 2007: PSD entered into force
1 November 2009: deadline for transposition in national legislation
2009 update: eliminated differences in charges for cross-border and national payments in euro (EC Regulation 924/2009)
2012 update: Regulation on cross-border payments, "multilateral interchange fees" (EU Regulation 260/2012)
July 2013: report on implementation of PSD and its two updates
16 November 2015: The Council of the European Union passes PSD2, giving member states two years to incorporate the directive into their national laws and regulations.
13 January 2018: Directive 2007/64/EC is repealed and replaced by Directive (EU) 2015/2366
14 March 2019: All Financial Institutions offering an API solution must have it available for external testing by PISPs and AISPs.
14 September 2019: The final deadline for all companies within the EU to comply with PSD2's Regulatory Technical Standard (RTS) pertaining to directive (EU) 2015/2366 (PSD2)
31 December 2020: Extended deadline for all companies within the EU to implement PSD2's Strong Customer Authentication (SCA)
29 November 2021: FCA publishes changes to 90-day reauthentication rules in the UK
Privacy concerns
Privacy First, a privacy organization, criticized the open banking elements of the new legislation, claiming it focuses too much on improving competition and innovation while the privacy interests of account holders are overlooked.
See also
Late Payments Directive
Open banking
References
Further reading
Dimitrios Linardatos: "Das Haftungssystem im bargeldlosen Zahlungsverkehr nach Umsetzung der Zahlungsdiensterichtlinie", Nomos-Verlag, 2013, . (German)
External links
Text of the Payment Services Directive
European Union PSD official website
European Payments Council
Payment services (PSD 2) - Directive (EU) 2015/2366
Opinion on the elements of strong customer authentication under PSD2 European Banking Authority, June 2019
Banking in the European Union
Digital currencies
European Commission
European Union directives
European Union financial market policy
Payment systems
The Škoda Fabia RS Rally2 is a rally car built by Škoda Motorsport that is based on the fourth generation Škoda Fabia production car. It is the second upgraded generational update of the original Fabia R5, replacing the Fabia Rally2 evo. The car was launched on 14 June 2022 at a presentation at Škoda headquarters in Mlada Boleslav, Czech Republic and is expected to enter competition in September 2022.
Four notable drivers helped to develop the Fabia RS Rally2, Norwegian Andreas Mikkelsen, Brit Kris Meeke, Czech Republic's Jan Kopecký and Finland's Emil Lindholm. The car was tested extensively on various surfaces such as gravel, snow and asphalt, and in locations such as Finland, Spain, France and Italy.
References
External links
2020s cars
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Cars introduced in 2022
Cars of the Czech Republic
Rally2 cars
Fabia RS Rally2
The H. D. Champlin & Son Horseshoeing and Wagonmaking shop building is located on Main Street (NY 301) in Nelsonville, New York, United States. It is a typical commercial structure for a common business of the late 19th century that survives in good condition. In 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Champlin started his business in 1858 in a building on nearby Spring Street behind the present property. His name does not show up on maps at that site until 1876, and only by 1912 does the current, one-story brick building appear on any map of the village.
The entranceway was expanded and a larger door installed at some point before then. It is used today as a garage.
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Buildings and structures in Putnam County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Putnam County, New York
The England national cricket team are scheduled to tour Australia in October 2022 to play three Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is) matches as a preparatory series before the 2022 ICC Men's T20 World Cup and three ODIs. In May 2022, Cricket Australia confirmed the fixtures for the tour.
Squads
England also named Tymal Mills, Richard Gleeson and Liam Dawson as travelling reserves. On the same day as the squad announcement, Jonny Bairstow was ruled out of the tournament after sustaining a possible broken leg while playing golf. On 7th September, Alex Hales was named as Bairstow's replacement in the squad.
T20I series
1st T20I
2nd T20I
3rd T20I
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2022 in Australian cricket
2022 in English cricket
International cricket competitions in 2022–23
2022-23
Back to Back: Raw & Uncut is a 2008 live album by the hip-hop artists Method Man and Street Life.
Album tracks
Reunited - GZA (01:05)
Publicity - GZA (00:53)
4th Chamber - GZA (01:16)
Shadowboxin' - GZA (01:22)
Clan in Da Front - GZA (01:24)
Bring Da Ruckus - GZA (01:32)
Milk the Cow - Cappadonna (01:16)
Duel of the Iron Mic - GZA (04:56)
Cold World - GZA (01:52)
Liquid Swords - GZA (03:10)
Living in the World Today - GZA (03:16)
Beneath the Surface - GZA (01:52)
Guillotine (Swordz) - GZA (01:00)
Older Gods Freestyle - Cappadonna & Freemurda (02:30)
Killah Hills 10304 - GZA (02:07)
A cappella - Cappadonna (01:59)
Intro - Method Man & Street Life (02:12)
Prequal - Method Man & Street Life (01:29)
Supreme Interlude - Method Man & Street Life (01:11)
Method Man - Method Man & Street Life (02:47)
Gridiron Rap - Method Man & Street Life (01:05)
Bring the Pain - Method Man & Street Life (01:26)
Ice Cream - Method Man & Street Life (01:14)
All I Need - Method Man & Street Life (02:08)
Run 4 Cover - Method Man & Street Life (01:32)
Do You Really (Thang Thang) - Method Man & Street Life (01:12)
How High - Method Man & Street Life (02:46)
What the Blood Clot - Method Man & Street Life (02:28)
Suspect Chin - Method Man & Street Life (03:10)
The Motto - Method Man & Street Life (04:11)
4:20 - Method Man & Street Life (04:01)
Fallout - Method Man & Street Life (03:55)
Odb Tribute - Brooklyn Zu (02:13)
Interlude - Method Man & Street Life (02:04)
Judgement Day - Method Man & Street Life (01:19)
Stage Dive Outro - Method Man & Street Life (00:00)
Bonus Material [DVD]
References
Streetlife (rapper) albums
Method Man albums
2008 compilation albums
Kang Seo-kyung is a South Korean tennis player.
Kang has a career-high singles ranking of 560, achieved on 9 September 2013. She also has a career-high WTA doubles ranking of 484, reached on 31 October 2011.
Kang made her WTA Tour doubles main-draw debut at the 2014 Korea Open partnering Hong Seung-yeon.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 2 (1–1)
Doubles: 15 (6–9)
External links
1989 births
Living people
South Korean female tennis players
Sportspeople from Daejeon
Tennis players from Seoul
Tennis players at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for South Korea
20th-century South Korean women
21st-century South Korean women
Big Squaw Mountain Resort is a ski area in Greenville, Maine.
Opened in 1963, the ski area is located on the north side of Big Moose Mountain (named "Big Squaw Mountain" until 2000), overlooking Moosehead Lake. The resort featured two chairlifts that covered 1,700 vertical feet.
After a chairlift accident and subsequent closure, the ski area operated on a limited basis from 2004 to 2010.
A community group non-profit called "Friends of Squaw Mountain" was later formed and renovated the ski park. The group currently operates the resort.
External links
Big Squaw - New England Lost Ski Areas Project
Squaw Mountain - NewEnglandSkiHistory.com
Friends of Squaw Mountain - working to reopen the ski area for 2012-2013
Big Squaw Mountain Ski Resort
Ski areas and resorts in Maine
Buildings and structures in Piscataquis County, Maine
Tourist attractions in Piscataquis County, Maine
Yolçatı is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. In 2010, it had a population of 338.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Thyer Glacier () is a tributary glacier, flowing northwest along the south side of the Raggatt Mountains to enter the Rayner Glacier. Mapped from ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) air photos taken by the RAAF flight in 1956. Named by Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) for R.F. Thyer, chief geophysicist, Bureau of Mineral Resources, Australian Department of National Development and Energy.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Enderby Land
The Unified Northern Alphabet (UNA) () was created during the Latinisation in the Soviet Union for the "small" languages of the North.
Systematic work on the development of writing in the languages of the peoples of the North began in 1926, when the Northern Faculty (known as the Institute of the Peoples of the North (IPN) since 1930) of the Leningrad Oriental Institute (ru) was established.
The alphabet was initially planned to serve as an alphabet for Chukchi, Even, Evenki, Gilyak, Itelmen, Ket, Koryak, Mansi, Nanai, Nenets, Saami, Selkup, Siberian Yupik and Udihe.
Alphabet
Letters in use across different languages
Further development
Since 1932, textbooks began to be published in the UNA. The UNA was used for 15 out of the 16 planned languages (all except Aleutian).
After 1937, the UNA was abandoned, and those languages that were to continue to have an official writing system were to adopt Cyrillic. In practice, this spelt the end of writing for many of these minority languages this halted their written use for decades to come.
References
Grenoble, L. A. (2003). Language policy in the Soviet Union (Vol. 3). Springer Science & Business Media.
Partanen, N.; M. Rießler (2019). An OCR system for the Unified Northern Alphabet. ACL Anthology.
Latin alphabets
Romanization
Aquaforum Lázně Františkovy Lázně is a hot spring in the Czech Republic. It is located between Okres Cheb and Karlovy Vary.
References
Geography of the Czech Republic
Josip Zovko (4 June 1970 – 3 April 2019) was a Croatian actor and director. A native of the Berinovac, Lokvičići municipality in the Imotska Krajina he was best known for playing Joze in the television series Naši i vaši. He was also acclaimed for his roles in the films Sorry for Kung Fu and Wish I Were a Shark.
Biography and studies
Zovko was born on June 4, 1970 in Split. He graduated from the Academy of Dramatic Art in Zagreb and in 1993 he became a member of the Croatian National Theater ensemble in Split, also known as HNK Split, where he played many roles. At the Theater of Split he was a student of Mustafa Nadarević with whom Zovko had been on the stage many times.
Early career
Zovko's first television appearance was in 1997 when he appeared in the theater play "Mali libar Marka Uvodića Splićanina". He later played the character “Mate” in the movie "Da mi je biti morski pas" (If I could be a shark) in 1999. Zovko won several awards at the 46th Pula Film Festival.
Starting in 2001, Zovko had one of the main roles in the movie "Ante se vraća kući" (Ante is Returning home). He played the character “Kole”, a student from Dalmatia. In the movie "Holding" he played a smaller role as a little brother. In the same year he played a waiter on a cruise ship in the movie "Posljedna Volja" (The Last Will), with fellow Croatian actor Goran Višnjić.
Zovko played the character “Jozo” in the Croatian TV series “Naši i vaši“ (Ours and Yours) (2000-2002) along with the actor Vedran Mlikota. In this series both actors played men from “Hercegovina” who came to Zagreb. The story goes that both were under the impression that college would be easy since they knew the professor, but it turned out that they actually had to study hard to finish college. Josip Zovko also appeared in the movie “Sorry for Kung Fu“ as „Ćaćo“ in 2004. In the TV movie "Trešet" from the year 2006 Josip acted as a cop named "Prekrasni Um" (Beautiful Mind). Domestic people had the desire to corrupt him and lure him to their side because they saw a benefit for themselves. In the movie "Najvećoj pogrešci Alberta Einsteina (The Biggest Mistake of Albert Einstein), Josip acted as a stranger. In 2008, Josip Zovko opened the role in “Bitange i Princeze“. In 2009 he appeared as "Roko" in the movie “Vjerujem u anđele“ (I believe in Angels), where Oliver Dragojević also participated. In 2011 Josip played a Yugoslav Partisan in the movie “Bella Biondina”.
In the music video of the singer Miroslav Škoro (2003) “Tamo gdje je dom“ (There Where the House Is) Zovko played a knight who is fighting for his homeland.
Death
Josip Zovko was killed in a car crash in Grudsko Vrilo (close to Grude) in Bosnia and Herzegovina and was buried at the cemetery Sveti Ante in Lokvičići on April 6. A memorial service was held in his honor on April 12, 2019, attended by friends and acting colleagues.
Filmography
Film
"Bella Biondina" as Yugoslav Partisan (2011)
"Vjerujem u anđele" as Roko (2009)
"Najveća pogreška Alberta Einsteina" as stranger (2006)
"Trešeta" as Beautiful Mind (2006)
"Oprosti za kung fu" as Ćaćo (2004)
"Posljednja volja" as waiter on a cruise ship (2001)
"Holding" as Tein little brother (2001)
"Ante se vraća kući" as Kole (2001)
"Da mi je biti morski pas" as Mate (1999)
"Mali libar Marka Uvodića Splićanina" (1997)
Television
"Bitange i princeze" as Peraica (2008)
"Naši i vaši" as Jozo (2001-2002)
Music videos
Miroslav Skoro "Tamo gdje je dom" (There Where the House Is) as a knight, 2003
Theatre HNK Split
Eugène Ionesco Nosorog as Drugi građanin, Vatrogasac, Prvi čovjek, zbor), 2017
William Shakespeare Mletački trgovac as Tubal, 2016
Ante Tomić Čudo u poskokovoj dragi as Don Stipe, 2014
Jean – Baptiste Poquelin Molière Učene žene as Bilježnik, 2014
Bertolt Brecht Majka courage i njezina djeca as Vrbovnik, drugi narednik, 2013
William Shakespeare Timon Atenjanin as Slikar, 2013
Dino Pešut Pritisci moje generacije as Muškarac, 2013
Milan Begović Amerikanska jahta u splitkskoj luci as Lee Prentice, 2013
William Shakespeare Romeo i Julija as Escalo, 2012
Ivo Brešan Svečana večera u pogrebnom poduzeću Grobar Fiki, as Bosanac, 2011 *Euripides Hekuba as Taltibije, Glasnik helenski, 2011.
Arthur Miller Smrt trgovačkog putnika (Death of a Salesman) as Howard Wagner, 2011
Sanja Ivić Tartuffeerie as Inspicijent, 2011
Simon Bent Elling as Frank Ashley), 2010
Lada Kaštelan Prije sna as Mate 2009
Marin Držić Skup as Drijemalo, 2008
Eduardo De Filippo Velika magija as Policijski brigadir, Gregorio, Calogerov brat, 2008
Nina Mitrović Kad se mi mrtvi pokoljemo as Fazo, Izbjeglica, Musliman, 2007
Tom Stoppard Rosenkranz i Guildstern su mrtvi (Rosenkrantz and Guildenstern are Dead), 2006
Renato Baretić Osmi povjernik as Bart Kvasinožić, Muonin muž, Anthonyijev otac), 2005
Tennessee Williams Noć iguane as Hank, 2005
Lada Martinac Kralj, prema Ranku Marinkoviću Otok svetog ciprijana as Mićel,2004
Arijana Čulina Jo ča je život lip as Čep, 2004 *Tonči Petrasov Marović Antigona, kraljica u tebi as Drugi stražar, 2004.
Ferenc Molnár Liliom as Drugi policajac, ujedno i Drugi nebeski policajac, 2004
Jean-Baptiste Poquelin Molière Don Juan as Gusman, Elvirin konjušar), 2003
Sergi Belbel Poslije kiše as Informatički programer, 2003.
Bernard-Marie Koltès Roberto Zucco as Drugi čuvar, inspektor, drugi policajac, 2002
Vlaho Stulli Kate Kapuralica as Manoval, Vlaj, 2002
Tennessee Williams Tetovirana ruža / Serafin Splićanka as Doktor, 2001
Edmond Rostand Cyrano de Bergerac as Christian de Neuvillette, 2000
Sophocles Antigona as Hemon, 2000
Luigi Pirandello Šest lica traži Autora as Sin, 2000
Ivan Leo Lemo – Ana Tonković Dolenčić Plinska boca as Svećenik, 2000
Arsen Dedić Kuća pored Mora, ballet as interpretator, 2000
Mate Matišić Svećenikova djeca as Don Šimun, 1999
William Shakespeare Na tri kralja as Antonio, pomorski kapetan, 1999
Anton Pavlovič Čehov Galeb as Ilja Afanasjevič Šamrajev, Upravnik kod Sorina), 1998
Fjodor Mihajlovič Dostojevski Braća Karamazovi as Rakitin, 1998
Dubravko Mihanović Bijelo as Mali, 1998
Antun Šoljan Tarampesta / Mototor as Marino), 1997
Ray Cooney Pokvarenjak as Ronnie, 1997
William Shakespeare Kralj Lear as Francuski kralj, 1997
Jean-Baptiste Poquelin Molière Tartuffe as Valere, 1996
Ivan Antun Nenadić Kako je izdan Isus as Apostol Ivan, 1996
Carlo Goldoni Posljednja noć karnevala as Redatelj, 1996
Ivo Brešan Julije Cezar as Tinko Metikoš, 1995
John Webster Vojvotkinja Malfeška as Grisolan, dvorjanin, sluga, ubojica, 1995
Sophocles Edip as Mladić, 1994
Hugo von Hofmannsthal Svatković as Susjed siromah, 1994
Joseph Kesselring Arsen i stara Čipka as Klein, policajac, 1994
William Shakespeare Hamlet as Drugi glumac, 1994
Miroslav Krleža Saloma as Ađutant, Pjesnik, Kuhar, 1993
Lada Martinac - Snježana Sinovčić Živim as Grof, 1993
Claudio Magris Stadelmann as Konobar, 1992
Tomislav Bakarić Smrt Stjepana Radića as Narodni zastupnici, 1992
Ray Cooney Kidaj od svoje žene as Fotograf, 1992
Muka spasitelja našega as Anđeli i alegorije, 1991
Euripides Helena, 1990.
Performances outside Split Theatre
Mail Libar Marka Uvodića Splićanina, GKM Split
performance Ilija Zovko, regie / direction Josip Zovko, GKM Split
Film awards and special honors
Croatian actress prize for role of Mate in TV movie To be a shark, directed by Ognjen Sviličić, 2000.
Award Veljko Maričić at the International Small Scene Festival for the role of Little in the performance of Bijelo Dubravko Mihanović, directed by John Leo Leme, 1998.
References
External links
1970 births
2019 deaths
20th-century Croatian male actors
Actors from Split, Croatia
21st-century Croatian male actors
Croatian male film actors
Croatian male stage actors
Croatian male television actors
Burials in Croatia
Road incident deaths in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Dr Heckle and Mr Jive is the debut album by English band Pigbag, released in 1982 by record label Y. It reached No. 18 on the UK national charts and No. 1 on the UK independent chart.
Reception
Trouser Press described the band and the album as having "plenty of technical know-how and nothing to say".
Track listing
2000,1997 Bonus Tracks
"Whoops Goes My Body"
"Sunny Day" (12" Version)
"Another Orangutango" (Remix)
"Papa's Got a Brand New Pigbag" (7")
Personnel
Pigbag
James Johnstone - guitar, alto saxophone, percussion
Simon Underwood - bass, cello, violin
Roger Freeman - percussion, trombone, computer, keyboards, piano
Ollie Moore - tenor saxophone, alto clarinet, sanza
Chris Lee - trumpet, percussion
Chip Carpenter - drums, percussion
References
External links
1982 debut albums
Pigbag albums
Kelly Taylor is a character from the Beverly Hills, 90210 franchise.
Kelly Taylor may also refer to:
Kelly Taylor (EastEnders), a character from EastEnders
Kelly Taylor, member of DCappella
Kelly Taylor, a character in From Justin to Kelly
Kelly Taylor, a character in Burning Bright
Marcus Alexander "Marco" Janssen (born 1969 in Hendrik-Ido-Ambacht) is a Dutch American econometrician and Professor at the Arizona State University and Director of its Center for Behavior, Institutions, and the Environment. He is known for his work on the modelling of socio-ecological systems.
Life and work
Janssen obtained his MA in Econometrics and Operations Research at the Erasmus University Rotterdam in 1992. He received his PhD in Mathematics at the Maastricht University in 1996 under supervision of J. Rotmans and O.J. Vrieze with the dissertation "Meeting targets: tools to support integrated assessment modelling of global change".
After his graduation Janssen started his academic career as Postdoctoral Research fellow at the Department of Spatial Economics of the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam. In 2002 he moved to the United States, where he became Associate Research Scientist at the center for the study of Institutions, Population and Environmental Change of the Indiana University, and from 2002 to 2007 Research Scientist. In 2005 he moved to the Arizona State University where he started as assistant professor, and became Associate Professor in 2010, and Professor at the School of Sustainability of the Global Institute of Sustainability in 2015. In 2007 to 2010 he was also Associate Director of its Center for the Study of Institutional Diversity, and since 2010 director of its Center for the Study of Institutional Diversity, since 2015 School of Human Evolution and Social Change.
Janssen research interests are in the field of the "interaction of behavioral, institutional and ecological processes... how people, their institutional rules and the environment they live in fit together in the past, present and the future, from local scales to the global scale," and has developed "formal (computational) models of social and social-ecological systems, and perform controlled experiments in the lab and field, and study case study material to test the stylized models," and particularly on agent-based modeling and institutional analysis.
Selected publications
J.C.J.M. van den Bergh and M.A. Janssen (eds.) (2005). Economics of Industrial Ecology: Use of Materials, Structural Change and Spatial Scales. The MIT Press.
Poteete, Amy R., Marco A. Janssen, and Elinor Ostrom. Working together: collective action, the commons, and multiple methods in practice. Princeton University Press, 2010.
Articles, a selection:
Parker, D. C., Manson, S. M., Janssen, M. A., Hoffmann, M. J., & Deadman, P. (2003). "Multi-agent systems for the simulation of land-use and land-cover change: a review." Annals of the association of American Geographers, 93(2), 314–337.
Anderies, John M., Marco A. Janssen, and Elinor Ostrom. "A framework to analyze the robustness of social-ecological systems from an institutional perspective." Ecology and society 9.1 (2004): 18.
Young, O. R., Berkhout, F., Gallopin, G. C., Janssen, M. A., Ostrom, E., & van der Leeuw, S. (2006). "The globalization of socio-ecological systems: An agenda for scientific research." Global Environmental Change, 16(3), 304–316.
Ostrom, Elinor, Marco A. Janssen, and John M. Anderies. "Going beyond panaceas." Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 104.39 (2007): 15176–15178.
References
External links
marcojanssen.info
1969 births
Living people
Dutch economists
Dutch mathematicians
Erasmus University Rotterdam alumni
Maastricht University alumni
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam faculty
Indiana University faculty
Arizona State University faculty
People from Hendrik-Ido-Ambacht
Majdan is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 513 people.
Lake Majdan
In 1953 a tailings dam was built in order to accumulate the byproducts of the nearby lead and zinc mine. It separates the flotation reservoir from the valley of the Despotovica river, which flows through the town of Gornji Milanovac ( downstream), and from the Ibar Highway. The dam was built on the small stream of Rudnički potok.
The lake is not open for public use. The lake is long, wide and covers an area of . The tailings are a result of 264,000 tons of ore which is being treated yearly in the mine: lead, zinc, copper and traces of silver.
Considering the burst of the dam as a potential catastrophe, since the tailings would flood Gornji Milanovac, the dam has been upgraded in time. It is fit to survive the earthquake of the 9.0 magnitude on Richter scale. In 2013 a devices for early notification in case of the quake were installed and are directly connected to the state seismology institute. During the major 2014 Southeast Europe floods, the lake accumulated additional of water, which would otherwise flood the town. The flood wave from the slopes of the Rudnik mountain was slowed and effectively prolonged in 5 days instead of sweeping at once. The treating apparatus allows for the clean water to be let through the dam into the Despotovica river.
Several projects are being developed. In 2018 a new system for evacuation of the water in case of emergency will be installed, while by 2023 a new plant will be built which will further treat the wastewaters.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The English invasion of France of 1230 was a military campaign undertaken by Henry III of England in an attempt to reclaim the English throne's rights and inheritance to the territories of France, held prior to 1224. The English did not seek battle with the French, did not invade the Duchy of Normandy and marched south to the County of Poitou. The campaign on the continent ended in a fiasco, Henry made a truce with Louis IX of France and returned to England. The failure of the campaign led to the dismissal of Hubert de Burgh, 1st Earl of Kent as Justiciar.
Prelude
The fate of Henry's family lands in France still remained uncertain. Reclaiming these lands was extremely important to Henry, who used terms such as "reclaiming his inheritance", "restoring his rights" and "defending his legal claims" to the territories in diplomatic correspondence. The French kings had an increasing financial, and thus military, advantage over Henry. Even under John, the French Crown had enjoyed a considerable, although not overwhelming, advantage in resources, but since then, the balance had shifted further, with the ordinary annual income of the French kings almost doubling between 1204 and 1221.
Louis VIII died in 1226, leaving his 12-year-old son, Louis IX, to inherit the throne, supported by a regency government. The young French King was in a much weaker position than his father, and faced opposition from many of the French nobility who still maintained their ties to England, leading to a sequence of revolts across the country. Against this background, in late 1228 a group of potential Norman and Angevin rebels called upon Henry to invade and reclaim his inheritance, and Peter de Dreux, Duke of Brittany, openly revolted against Louis and gave homage to Henry.
Invasion
Henry embarked from Portsmouth with a large force on 30 April 1230, sailing to and staying at Guernsey on 2 May. The next day (3 May) the English army landed at Saint-Malo, where Peter de Dreux, Duke of Brittany met Henry. On 8 May Henry proceeded to Dinant and thence to Nantes, where he hoped to meet his mother Isabella of Angoulême and her new husband Hugh X of Lusignan, Count of La Marche. A French army, marched to Angers in order to shut the English army out from the County of Poitou, and while Henry remained at Nantes waiting for reinforcements, the French army moved to Oudon, a castle about four leagues distant from Nantes. Many of the Breton nobles did homage to Henry, while some fortified their castles against him. The Poitevin lords generally did him homage, Hugh X of Lusignan, Count of La Marche showed some hesitation, and the Guy I, Viscount of Thouars took the side of Louis. Towards the end of June, the French army was engaged elsewhere, Henry marched through the County of Anjou, taking the castle of Mirebeau late in July, into the County of Poitou and thence into the Duchy of Gascony, where he received the homage of many barons. He then marched back to Brittany, and after staying for several weeks at Nantes, he returned to England, landing at Portsmouth on 27 October 1230, having left a small force under Peter de Dreux, Duke of Brittany and Ranulf de Blondeville, Earl of Chester, to act against the French in Normandy and Brittany.
Notes
Citations
References
1230s in France
1230 in England
Conflicts in 1230
Invasions by England
Invasions of France
Wars involving France
Wars involving England
13th-century military history of the Kingdom of England
Rachid Solh (; 22 June 1926 – 27 June 2014) was a Lebanese politician and former Prime Minister, kin of one of the most eminent Sunni Muslim families in the country that brought several of its members to the office of Prime Ministers, and that was originally from Sidon but later moved its civil-records to Beirut.
Career
Solh was elected to the Lebanese Parliament as an MP for the first time in Beirut in 1960 and was appointed by then President of Lebanon Suleiman Franjieh as prime minister in 1974. Solh resigned from office on 15 May 1975, a few weeks after the outbreak of the Lebanese civil war.
Following the resignation of the government of Omar Karami in May 1992, President Elias Hrawi was forced to form a new government and to hold the first parliamentary elections since the end of the civil war. The elections were boycotted en masse by the main Christian political parties who cited election fraud and corruption, and his term as Prime Minister lasted only five months. In 1996, Rachid Solh resigned from the Lebanese government and political life.
References
1926 births
2014 deaths
Rachid
Prime Ministers of Lebanon
Members of the Parliament of Lebanon
Place of birth missing
Interior ministers of Lebanon
Fencing at the 1978 Asian Games was held in Bangkok, Thailand in December, 1978.
Medalists
Men
Women
Medal table
References
Results
Results
Results
External links
Asian Games medalists
1978 Asian Games events
1978
Asian Games
International fencing competitions hosted by Thailand
The Doors: Box Set is a box set compilation of recordings by American rock band the Doors, released on October 28, 1997. The four-disc set includes previously rare and unreleased studio, live and demo recordings, as well as a disc of the band's personal favorite tracks culled from their official discography.
Critical reception
In a retrospective review for AllMusic, Bruce Eder gave the album a rating of four and a half out of five stars. He noted:
Track listing
Details are taken from the original 1997 Elektra Records box set liner notes and may differ from other sources.
All songs written by the Doors (Jim Morrison, Robby Krieger, Ray Manzarek, and John Densmore), except where noted.
Tracks 1–5 selected by Krieger, 6–10 by Manzarek, 11–15 by Densmore
Certifications
References
1997 compilation albums
Albums produced by Bruce Botnick
Elektra Records compilation albums
The Doors compilation albums
Jörg Blasius (born 1957) is a German sociologist, and Professor at the Institute of Political Science and Sociology of the University of Bonn. He became known through his earlier work on correspondence analysis in the social sciences.
Life and work
Born in Hamburg Blasius obtained his degree in sociology. From 1986 to 2001 he was researcher at the University of Cologne at the city's Central Archive for Empirical Social Research. In 2001 he was appointed Professor at the Institute of Political Science and Sociology of the University of Bonn.
His research interests include the methods of empirical social research, the statistics used (in particular correspondence analysis), the urban sociology, lifestyles, media research, environmental sociology and political sociology.
Selected publications
Greenacre, Michael J., and Jörg Blasius, eds. Correspondence analysis in the social sciences: Recent developments and applications. London: Academic Press, 1994.
Blasius, Jörg, and Michael Greenacre. Visualization of categorical data. Academic Press, 1998.
Friedrichs, Jürgen, and Jörg Blasius. Leben in benachteiligten Wohngebieten. Opladen: Leske+ Budrich, 2000.
Blasius, Jörg. Korrespondenzanalyse. Oldenbourg Verlag, 2001.
Cor van Dijkum, J. Blasius, H. Kleijer, B. van Hilten (Eds.), Recent Developments and Applications in Social Research Methodology. SISWO, Amsterdam, 2004.
Blasius, Jörg, and Victor Thiessen. Assessing the quality of survey data. Sage, 2012.
Jorg Blasius and Michael Greenacre, Visualization and Verbalization of Data. CRC Press, 2014.
References
External links
Personal page at the University of Bonn
1957 births
Living people
German sociologists
University of Cologne faculty
University of Bonn faculty
Writers from Hamburg
Sweden was represented by 41 athletes at the 2010 European Athletics Championships held in Barcelona, Spain, from 27 July to 1 August 2010.
Participants
Results
Men
Track and road events
Field events
Women
Track and road events
Field events
References
Participants list
Nations at the 2010 European Athletics Championships
Sweden at the European Athletics Championships
European Athletics Championships
Stuart Hart may refer to:
Stu Hart (1915–2003), Canadian amateur and professional wrestler, promoter and trainer
Stuart L. Hart, American academic, writer and theorist
Karimganj South Assembly constituency is one of the 126 constituencies of the Legislative Assembly of Assam state in northeastern India.
Karimganj South (constituency number 4) is one of the 5 constituencies located in Karimganj district. Karimganj South is part of the Karimganj Lok Sabha constituency along with 7 other assembly segments, namely, Patharkandi, Karimganj North, Ratabari in Karimganj district, Hailakandi, Katlicherra and Algapur in Hailakandi district.
Members of Legislative Assembly
1957: Mowlovi Abdul Munim Chowdhury, Indian National Congress
1962: Mowlovi Abdul Munim Chowdhury, Indian National Congress
1967: P. Choudhury, Indian National Congress
1972: Sudarsan Das, Indian National Congress
1978: Abdul Muqtadir Choudhury, Indian National Congress
1983: Abdul Muqtadir Choudhury, Indian National Congress
1985: Abdul Muqtadir Choudhury, Indian National Congress
1991: Pranab Kumar Nath, Bharatiya Janata Party
1996: Abdul Muqtadir Choudhury, Indian National Congress
2001: Siddeque Ahmed, Samata Party
2006: Siddeque Ahmed, Indian National Congress
2011: Siddeque Ahmed, Indian National Congress
2016: Aziz Ahmed Khan, All India United Democratic Front
2021: Siddeque Ahmed, Indian National Congress
Election results
2016 result
External links
References
Assembly constituencies of Assam
The Florida Classic was a golf tournament on the Buy.com Tour from 1999 to 2001. It was played at the Gainesville Country Club in Gainesville, Florida.
The purse in 2001 was US$425,000, with $76,500 going to the winner.
Winners
References
Former Korn Ferry Tour events
Golf in Florida
Recurring sporting events established in 1999
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2001
The Sugarloaf Fire was a wildfire near Silverthorne, Colorado in Grand County in the United States. As of August 14, 2018, the fire burnt a total of 1,280 acres with containment at 35 percent.
Incidents
The Sugarloaf Fire started near Ute Pass.
Events
June
On June 28, 2018, at around 12:00 A.M, the fire started 13 miles southwest of Fraser, CO. Through June, the Sugarloaf Fire continued to spread.
July
The fire reached its peak at at around July 3, 2018 and was at 35% contained.
On July 12, 2018, Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper signed an executive order sentencing the Sugarloaf Fire to death.
August
The fire stopped its spread and stayed the same.
Evacuations
There are no evacuations currently in effect due to the wildfire.
References
Wildfires in Colorado
Gabriel Alix (1930–1998) was a Haitian painter. A native of Saint-Marc, Alix was a member of the Centre d'Art and painted still lifes, religious subjects, and animals.
References
1930 births
1998 deaths
20th-century Haitian painters
20th-century Haitian male artists
Haitian male painters
Quatrefoil: A Modern Novel, sometimes called Quatrefoil, is a novel about gay men written in 1950 by James W. Fugaté under the pen name James Barr. It is known for being the first modern book to portray homosexuality in a positive way. The main character, Phillip, is based on a college fraternity brother that the author had an affair with while in college.
Quatrefoil has been translated into French and German.
Its initial release was accompanied by a marketing campaign which included distribution of free copies to more than seventy-five gay bars in the United States and Canada. It was rumoured to have outsold Gore Vidal's The City and the Pillar and Truman Capote's Other Voices, Other Rooms, two other prominent gay-themed novels of the time.
Plot
Quatrefoil tells the story of a naval officer and banker named Phillip Froelich who is engaged to be married to a woman named Sybel Jo. While under investigation by court-martial by the Navy in 1946, he meets and is assisted by Tim Danelaw, a superior officer. While Phillip is increasing drawn to Tim, Phillip acts out his confusion by having a one-time affair with Tim's wife Pam. However, after sitting for a portrait by Tim, Phillip is drawn closer to Tim and finds out that Pam and Tim are going through a divorce. An affair with Tim causes Phillip to confront his closeted homosexuality. They become lovers. They are stereotypical masculine and intellectual characters who discuss art and philosophy, and thus are contrasted (favorably according to the text) with behaviors of "the average homosexual" of the time who would be effeminate. Phillip wrestles with his feelings and thoughts of his future, and the choice between living a stable life running his family's bank, or pursuing his newfound feelings for Tim. When Tim goes to Phillip's hometown of Devereux, Oklahoma, and meets Phillip's family, his family is embracing. Phillip's sister even encourages him to forsake the life expected of him to follow Tim. While in Oklahoma, Tim finds out Sybel Jo's family secret that has been hidden: the family is recently broke and is merely looking to quickly marry into the Froelichs for financial security. With this reveal, Phillip breaks off the engagement with Sybel Jo, and decides to be with Tim. However, at the end, just as Tim and Phillip are to be securely united and travel the world, Tim is killed in a plane crash.
Recognition
The novel presents an example of how gay men kept their homosexuality hidden in the 1950s. It has been admired as a work that portrayed the main characters as people who grew in self confidence, which differentiated the novel from other gay literature of the time portraying homosexual men as campy. Most gay works at the time had ended with either suicide or murder out of self-loathing, another tradition broken by Quatrefoil, though Tim still dies.
See also
Quatrefoil, a decorative element
Quatrefoil Library, which was named for the novel
Lost Gay Novels
References
External links
Quatrefoil via The Internet Archive
1950 American novels
Gay male romance novels
1950s LGBT novels
The flammulated treehunter (Thripadectes flammulatus) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
flammulated treehunter
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Venezuelan Andes
Birds of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta
flammulated treehunter
flammulated treehunter
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
William Craig Cooper (December 18, 1832 – August 29, 1902) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Mount Vernon, Ohio, Cooper attended the public schools and Mount Vernon Academy.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1852 and commenced practice in Mount Vernon, Ohio.
He served as prosecuting attorney of Knox County 1859-1863.
He served as mayor of Mount Vernon 1862-1864. During the American Civil War, Cooper was colonel of the 142nd Ohio Infantry, a 100 days regiment.
He served as a member of the State house of representatives 1872-1874.
He served as judge advocate general of Ohio 1879-1884.
He served as member and president of the board of education of Mount Vernon.
Cooper was elected as a Republican to the Forty-ninth, Fiftieth, and Fifty-first Congresses (March 4, 1885 – March 3, 1891).
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1890.
He resumed the practice of law in Mount Vernon, Ohio, where he died on August 29, 1902.
He was interred in Mound View Cemetery.
Sources
1832 births
1902 deaths
People from Mount Vernon, Ohio
Mayors of places in Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Ohio lawyers
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Union Army colonels
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Burials in Ohio
The Canadian Wargamers Journal was a quarterly wargaming magazine. Published by the Canadian Wargamers Group from 1985 to 1996, for a total of 47 issues, its content primarily covered board wargaming with some articles about miniature wargaming.
Canadian Wargamers Group
The magazine was published by the Canadian Wargamers Group of Calgary, Alberta. Keith Martens was the founder and editor and was joined by Bruce McFarlane (head contributor and writer) and Ken Hole (managing editor.) They have also produced many wargaming miniatures rules sets. Fallcon, Calgary's largest gaming convention, got its start thanks to CWG.
Reception
It was the winner of four Charles S. Roberts Awards for "Best Amateur Wargaming Magazine" (from 1989 to 1992).
References
External links
Canadian Wargamers Group website
Charles S. Roberts Awards
1985 establishments in Alberta
Defunct magazines published in Canada
Magazines disestablished in 1996
Magazines established in 1985
Magazines published in Alberta
Mass media in Calgary
Origins Award winners
Wargaming magazines
Hobby magazines published in Canada
Robin Utseth Bjørnholm-Jatta (born 27 January 1994) is a professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Stjørdals-Blink. Born in Norway, he represents the Gambia national team.
Career
A youth product of Rosenborg's youth academy, Bjørnholm-Jatta began his career with their reserve side. He then moved to the Norwegian semi-pro clubs Skjetten, Elverum, and KFUM before spending time in the US college system with Coastal Carolina Chanticleers and the Stony Brook Seawolves. He returned to Norway in 2018, signing with Byåsen.
International career
Bjørnholm-Jatta was born in Norway to a Gambian father and Norwegian mother. He was a youth international for Norway. He received his first call-up to the senior Gambia national team in October 2020. He debuted for the Gambia in a 2–0 friendly win over Niger on 6 June 2021.
References
External links
Stony Brook Athletics Profile
1994 births
Living people
Footballers from Trondheim
People with acquired Gambian citizenship
Gambian footballers
The Gambia international footballers
Norwegian footballers
Norway youth international footballers
Norwegian people of Gambian descent
Gambian people of Norwegian descent
Association football fullbacks
Coastal Carolina Chanticleers men's soccer players
Stony Brook Seawolves men's soccer players
Rosenborg BK players
Skjetten SK players
Elverum Fotball players
KFUM-Kameratene Oslo players
Byåsen Toppfotball players
IL Stjørdals-Blink players
Norwegian First Division players
Norwegian Second Division players
Norwegian Third Division players
Norwegian Fourth Division players
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Norwegian expatriates in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Nordic Journal of International Law () is peer-reviewed journal published by Brill Nijhoff. It focuses on topic related to Nordic countries and its legal topics.
First number issued in 1930.
See also
Retfærd
References
Law journals
Publications established in 1930
Nordic countries
Up4Sale.com was an online auction website, which launched on July 1, 1997 and was based in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. Its co-founders included Rob Ratterman, Chris Downie, Tom Duvall, and Wally Carroll. It was the only pre-IPO acquisition made by eBay on July 16, 1998, and subsequently integrated into the company. Up4Sale.com shut down in 2000.
References
Further reading
"Local team makes millions with Web site". The Cincinnati Enquirer. Retrieved August 10, 2010.
"Online auction bought by eBay is going local". The Cincinnati Post. March 23, 1999.
"four rode 'net to riches". The Cincinnati Post. March 18, 1999.
"Top toys auctioned on Internet". The Cincinnati Post. December 13, 1997.
"SparkPeople" "Founded by Chris Downie."
"Chris Downie" Freebase
"CanDo" website
Software companies of the United States
EBay
1998 mergers and acquisitions
The 2012 Asian Weightlifting Championships was held at Yichung Culture & Sports Center in Pyeongtaek, South Korea between April 24 and April 30, 2012. It was the 43rd men's and 24th women's championship.
Medal summary
Men
Women
Medal table
Ranking by Big (Total result) medals
Ranking by all medals: Big (Total result) and Small (Snatch and Clean & Jerk)
Team ranking
Men
Women
Participating nations
239 athletes from 28 nations competed.
(13)
(14)
(1)
(15)
(10)
(8)
(8)
(8)
(15)
(3)
(9)
(2)
(13)
(14)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(4)
(8)
(15)
(1)
(9)
(1)
(13)
(12)
(12)
(13)
(13)
Men's results
56 kg
62 kg
References
Results
Results Book
External links
Official Website
Asian Weightlifting Championships
Asian
W
International weightlifting competitions hosted by South Korea
The following is a list of United States court cases on cousin marriage. Currently only certain cases at the appellate level in the last sixty years are listed.
Case law
See also
Cousin marriage law in the United States by state
Notes
References
Co M
Marriage law in the United States
State law in the United States
United States case law lists
Marriage court cases in the United States
is a passenger railway station located in the town of Sayō, Sayō District, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by the third-sector semi-public railway operator Chizu Express.
Lines
Hirafuku Station is served by the Chizu Line and is 22.5 kilometers from the terminus of the line at .
Station layout
The station consists of two ground-level opposed side platforms connected to the station building by a level crossing. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Chizu Express
History
Hirafuku Station opened on December 3, 1994.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 26 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Hirafuku-juku on the Inaba Kaidō
Hirafuku Folk Museum
Rikan Castle ruins
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
page
Railway stations in Hyōgo Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1994
Sayō, Hyōgo
Syed Ibrahim bin Syed Noh is a Malaysian politician from PKR. He is the Member of Parliament for Ledang since 2018.
Politics
He was the Chairman of Gerakan Mansuh ISA (GMI) and an activist for Ikram Malaysia (IKRAM) and the vice president of BERSIH 2.0. By December 10, 2014, he was chosen for the Head of Information of PKR.
In 2019, Anwar Ibrahim, the President of PKR had discussed with all branch leaders of PKR Johor to choose a new Chairman of the State Leadership Council of PKR Johor to replace Hassan Abdul Karim, the Member of Parliament of Pasir Gudang who had resigned. All branch leaders of PKR Johor supports the appointment of Syed Ibrahim as the new Chairman of the State Leadership Council of PKR Johor.
General election results
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
People's Justice Party (Malaysia) politicians
Members of the Parliament of Malaysia
Triasacarus fedelei is an extinct species of gall mite described from the Carnian of northeastern Italy. It lived as a parasite of Cheirolepidiaceae trees. The only known specimen, preserved in amber, is 0.210 mm long. Along with Ampezzoa triassica and an unnamed dipteran, it is the oldest arthropod found enclosed in amber.
It is possible that Triasacarus induced the formation of galls on the host plant.
References
Late Triassic animals of Europe
Mesozoic arachnids
Fossils of Italy
Fossil taxa described in 2012
The L'Eplattenier helmet was a prototype military helmet designed for the Swiss Army by Charles L'Eplattenier in 1916. Deemed too expensive to produce en masse, it was shunned in favour of a simpler design.
Development
The outbreak of World War I was deemed important enough for Switzerland to enact a general mobilization on 3 August, 1914. Three divisions were raised, reinforcing the border defense in order to prevent a possible spillover of the fighting into Swiss territory. The introduction of the steel Stahlhelm and Adrian helmets by Germany and France respectively, prompted the Swiss Army to commission Charles L'Eplattenier, a patriotic sculptor, to develop a suitable counterpart. By 1916, Swiss entry into the war was becoming increasingly improbable, enabling L'Eplattenier to draw upon romantic paintings of Swiss battles. The Swiss War Department was concerned with obtaining a steel helmet comparable to foreign models in function, while also distinguishing it from the rest of the world by achieving aesthetic superiority.
The end result resembled the 1916, Franco-American, Dunand helmet, being however deeper on the sides and longer on the brow, while also bearing the characteristic Swiss cross which is embossed on the forehead. The detachable lining, is held on a carrier made of rattan, above it, two intersecting arches house a small cushion, which supports the main weight of the helmet. The helmet was first presented to the public on 15 September 1917, when divisional commander Tretoyens de Loys posed with it, in an unauthorized photo shoot which was included in an issue of Schweizer Illustrierte. The helmet was praised for its beauty, originality and Swiss character. A second version of the helmet was produced in 1918, reducing the visor's size. It was rejected due to its difficult manufacturing process and replaced with a simpler model, designed by First Lieutenant Paul Boesch. The new helmet removed the visor (deemed redundant) and the embossed cross, making it possible to manufacture it from a single plate of nickel-steel.
L'Eplattenier renounced the new model as a poor imitation of the Stahlhelm, while also filing a lawsuit against the Swiss government which brought him 30,000 swiss francs. The helmet's only deployment came on the day of the Armistice, when troops oversaw the progress of a general strike organized by revolutionary socialists. A second lawsuit was filed in 1930, by the German company Tarfwerke, which alleged that the Swiss had illegally infringed a patent they owned. The lawsuit was dismissed by the Swiss Federal Court, however Tarfwerke pressed on, filing for violation of cultural properties and eventually winning 5,000 reichsmarks.
Notes
Citations
References
Combat helmets of Switzerland
1910s fashion
Plagiarism controversies
The men's bantamweight event was part of the boxing programme at the 1988 Summer Olympics. The weight class allowed boxers of up to 54 kilograms to compete. The competition was held from 17 September to 1 October 1988. 48 boxers from 48 nations competed. Kennedy McKinney won the gold medal.
Medalists
Results
The following boxers took part in the event:
First round
John Lowey (IRL) def. Mustafa Saleh (IRQ), 5:0
Vedat Tutuk (TUR) def. Edward Obewa (UGA) 3:2
René Breitbarth (GDR) def. Magare Tshekiso (BTS), 5:0
Felix Nieves (PUR) def. Samba Diallo (GUI), 5:0
Jorge Julio Rocha (COL) def. Michael Hormillosa (PHI), RSC-3
Justin Chikwanda (ZAM) def. Thomas Stevens (LBR), RSC-1
Moumouni Siuley (NIG) def. Tiui Faamaoni (SAM), RSC-3
Ibibongo Nduita (ZAI) def. Haji Ally (TNZ), 3:2
Katsuyoki Matsushima (JPN) def. Saud Al-Muwaizri (KUW), RSC-1
Jimmy Majanya (SWE) def. Mohammed Achik (MAR), 4:1
José García (MEX) def. Tad Joseph (GRN), RSC-1
Aleksandar Khristov (BUL) def. Peter Anok (SUD), 4:1
Jung-Il Byun (KOR) def. Jean-Marc Augustin (FRA), 5:0
Joilson Santana (BRA) def. Phetsmone Sonnavanh (LAO), 5:0
Slimane Zengli (ALG) def. Manuel Gomes (ANG), 5:0
Ndaba Dube (ZIM) def. Lionel Francis (ANT), RSC-2
Alexander Artemev (URS) def. Edouard Paulum (VAN), walk-over
Second round
Kennedy McKinney (USA) def. Erick Perez (GUA), RSC-1
Shahuraj Birajdor (IND) def. Ayewoubo Akouatsi (TOG), 5:0
Stephen Mwema (KEN) def. Rambahadur Giri (NEP), RSC-2
Alberto Machaze (MOZ) def. Mike Deveney (GBR), 5:0
Phajol Moolsan (THA) def. Marcus Priaulx (AUS), 5:0
Abraham Torres (VEN) def. Teekaram Rajcoomar (MTS), 5:0
Nyamaagiin Altankhuyag (MGL) def. Grzegorz Jablonski (POL), 3:2
John Lowey (IRL) def. Mohamed Sabo (NGA), 4:1
René Breitbarth (GDR) def. Vedat Tutuk (TUR), 5:0
Jorge Julio Rocha (COL) def. Felix Nieves (PUR), 5:0
Justin Chikwanda (ZAM) def. Moumouni Siuley (NIG), RSC-1
Katsuyoki Matsushima (JPN) def. Ibibongo Nduita (ZAI), 5:0
Jimmy Majanya (SWE) def. José García (MEX), 4:1
Aleksandar Khristov (BUL) def. Jong-Il Byun (KOR), 4:1
Slimane Zengli (ALG) def. Joilson Santana (BRA), 5:0
Alexander Artemev (URS) def. Ndaba Dube (ZIM), RSC-1
Third round
Kennedy McKinney (USA) def. Shahuraj Birajdor (IND), walk-over
Stephen Mwema (KEN) def. Alberto Machaze (MOZ), 5:0
Phajol Moolsan (THA) def. Abraham Torres (VEN), 3:2
Nyamaagiin Altankhuyag (MGL) def. John Lowey (IRL), 3:2
Jorge Julio Rocha (COL) def. René Breitbarth (GDR), 4:1
Katsuyoki Matsushima (JPN) def. Justin Chikwanda (ZAM), 3:2
Aleksandar Khristov (BUL) def. Jimmy Majanya (SWE), 5:0
Alexander Artemev (URS) def. Slimane Zengli (ALG), 5:0
Quarterfinals
Kennedy McKinney (USA) def. Stephen Mwema (KEN), 5:0
Phajol Moolsan THA def. Nyamaagiin Altankhuyag (MGL), 5:0
Jorge Julio Rocha (COL) def. Katsuyoki Matsushima (JPN), 3:2
Aleksandar Khristov (BUL) def. Alexander Artemev (URS), 3:2
Semifinals
Kennedy McKinney (USA) def. Phajol Moolsan (THA), RSC-1
Aleksandar Khristov (BUL) def. Jorge Julio Rocha (COL), 3:2
Final
Kennedy McKinney (USA) def. Aleksandar Khristov (BUL), 5:0
References
Bantamweight
Dato' Sri Mohamad Shukri bin Abdull (Jawi: محمد شكري بن عبد; born 4 October 1960), is the fourth and former chief commissioner of the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC).
Education
Mohamad Shukri graduated from the National University of Malaysia (UKM) with a Bachelor of Social Science (Honours) (B.Soc.Sc. (Hons.)) degree.
Career
Mohamad Shukri joined the MACC, then known as Anti-Corruption Agency (ACA), on 1 September 1984. Among the posts he has held since included state MACC director of Perlis, Kelantan and Sabah. Between 1 January 2010 and 31 July 2016 Mohamad Shukri served as the MACC's deputy chief commissioner (Operations). The agency announced that Mohamad Shukri would enrol in a course in a local university before retiring in October that same year. This followed allegations that he was among those removed or pressured to step down for being part of a plot to topple the government and soon after MACC's chief commissioner Abu Kassim Mohamed himself resigned. Prior to his sudden departure, it was publicly known that Mohamad Shukri had been spearheading investigations together with Abu Kassim and fellow MACC deputy chief commissioner (Prevention), Mustafar Ali, into a global money laundering scandal involving Prime Minister of Malaysia, Najib Razak. He had completed two investigation papers into the 2.6 billion "donation" as insisted by Najib and had called over 100 witnesses despite facing many "obstacles and challenges". Eventually, the MACC saw its top three officials removed from office besides Central Bank of Malaysia (Bank Negara) governor Zeti Aziz and also Attorney General of Malaysia (AG), Abdul Gani Patail, all of whom were heavily involved in investigations into the 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal.
Following Pakatan Harapan's (PH) victory in the 14th Malaysian general election resulting in the removal of Najib as Prime Minister, his newly-appointed successor Mahathir Mohamad reappointed Mohamad Shukri to the MACC, this time as the chief commissioner beginning 15 May 2018. In an emotional tell-all a week later, Mohamad Shukri recalled in a press conference how then-AG Abdul Gani was sacked just as he was preparing to arrest Najib and being trailed as he fled to the United States after receiving intel that he was next on the chopping block. He also added how he had received death threats in the form of bullets delivered to him whilst investigating the 1MDB scandal and had two of his senior officers transferred from the MACC.
On 4 June 2019, it was announced by the Prime Minister's Department that Mohamad Shukri has tendered his resignation effective 1 June 2019 from the post and will be replaced by Latheefa Beebi Koya. Following the shocking announcement, Mohamad Shukri informed the press that he resigned a year before his contract was due to expire as "his job here was done". He added that he had promised Prime Minister Mahathir that he would step down from the job after a year from when he was appointed and that he had accomplished his mission with cases regarding SRC International and 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) being brought to court.
Honours
National
:
Companion of the Order of Loyalty to the Crown of Malaysia (JSM) (2008)
State level
:
State of Kedah Distinguished Service Star (BCK) (2005)
Knight Companion of the Order of Loyalty to the Royal House of Kedah (DSDK) - Dato' (2008)
:
Grand Knight of the Order of Sultan Ahmad Shah of Pahang (SSAP) - Dato' Sri (2013)
:
Member of the Order of the Crown of Perlis (AMP) (2005)
:
Companion of the Order of Kinabalu (ASDK) (2005)
Commander of the Order of Kinabalu (PGDK) - Datuk (2007)
References
1960 births
Living people
People from Kedah
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian Muslims
National University of Malaysia alumni
Companions of the Order of Loyalty to the Crown of Malaysia
Commanders of the Order of Kinabalu
Polyméca is a French network of engineering schools composed of seven grandes écoles teaching engineering and mechanics.
Members
The Supméca
The SeaTech
The École d'ingénieurs ENSIL-ENSCI
The École nationale supérieure de techniques avancées de Bretagne (ENSTA Bretagne)
The École nationale supérieure de mécanique et d'aérotechnique (ISAE-ENSMA)
The École nationale supérieure de mécanique et des microtechniques (ENSMM)
The École nationale supérieure d'électronique, informatique, télécommunications, mathématique et mécanique de Bordeaux (ENSEIRB-MATMECA)
References
External links
Official site
Polyméca
Blue I, II, III is a triptych created in 1961. It is a set of three-part display abstract oil paintings by the Spanish modern artist Joan Miró. The paintings are named Blue I, Blue II, Blue III and are similar. All are large paintings of 355 cm x 270 cm each, and are currently owned by the Musée National d'Art Moderne in the Centre Pompidou in Paris.
Background
As an up-and-coming artist in Paris during the 1920s, Miró was influenced heavily by Cubism and Art Nouveau, particularly the works of artists like Picasso. During this time he painted works similar to Bleu I, II and III such as Maternity (1924), Painting (1927), and Catalan Peasant with a Guitar (1924). Many of these works used the same spacious, blue field. Miró held a special significance with this colour; to him this blue was a symbol of a world of cosmic dreams, an unconscious state where his mind flowed clearly and without any sort of order. This blue was the colour of a surreal, ethereal night, a night that embodied the only place where dreams could exist in their rawest state, untouched and uncensored by conscious, rational thought.
The Painting
Miró completed the Triptych Bleu I, II, III on March 8, 1961, well into his artistic career. By this time he was an established artist with large exhibitions all over the world, and saw this triptych as a summary of his works up to this point. Shifts in style and technique are apparent over the course of his artistic career, ranging from busy landscapes and portraits at the beginning of his career to his famous abstract paintings of nearly empty space and stark, primary colors, the style in which Bleu II was created.
Miró's abstract paintings conveyed his dreams and subconscious, and he often spoke of painting freely without truly being in control; rather, letting the free-flowing thoughts and shifts of his mind move the brush across the canvas, a technique referred to as “psychic automatism”. Bleu II exemplifies his distinct style; the artist uses sparse, uniform brushstrokes all across the canvas, giving the enormous expanse of the painting an even more empty feeling, which is emphasized even further by the distinguishable dreamy blue of the background.
Bleu II is probably the painting in Miró's portfolio that most definitively expresses his obsession with dreamscapes and vacant, infinite space. In 1958, during which he was working on the Bleu I, II, III triptych and similar abstract murals in Paris, he was quoted saying: “The spectacle of the sky overwhelms me. I'm overwhelmed when I see, in an immense sky, the crescent of the moon, or the sun. There, in my pictures, tiny forms in huge, empty spaces. Empty spaces, empty horizons, empty plains—everything which is bare has always greatly impressed me.” (Twentieth Century Artists on Art, 1958). Bleu I and Bleu III are nearly identical to Bleu II with exactly the same backgrounds of matching color and simple lines and shapes.
To animate the sparseness of Bleu IIs canvas, Miró includes the dynamic red line on the left side of the painting, conveying a sharp shock in the calm blue surface. He also employs the series of bold, defined black dots radiating out from the red line in a horizontal flow to transmit the motion of the line through the whole expanse of the canvas. With these shapes, Miró creates an energetic, powerful piece, a bold work brought to life by the precise (but by intention very free) placement of geometric shapes and bright colors, allowing the viewer a glimpse into the unspoiled subconscious of the artist and truly embodying the unique style for which Miró is well known for today.
References
"Chronology of Joan Miró"
External links
An interactive soundscape (MusIcon) of the painting.
Paintings by Joan Miró
1961 paintings
Collection of the Musée National d'Art Moderne
Tropical Storm Yagi, also known as Tropical Storm Karding in the Philippines, was a damaging tropical storm that impacted Philippines from enhanced southwest monsoon and China.
Meteorological history
A tropical disturbance had persisted towards the southwest of Iwo To on August 1. After the course of five days, the system finally strengthened into a tropical depression by the JMA, with the JTWC following suit several hours later (designating it as 18W). The PAGASA also began issuing bulletins to the system, locally assigning the name Karding. Karding maintained its intensity as a tropical depression due to moderate to strong easterly shear, despite persistent convection surrounding the system. By August 8, a METOP-A ASCAT image showed that the system had winds of 35 knots, hence the JTWC upgrading it to a tropical storm. The JMA around the same time did the same, naming it Yagi. Within the next day, Yagi curved towards the northwest while continuously battling shear as it struggled to intensify. Though by 12:00 UTC of August 11, the JMA considered that Yagi reached its peak strength with 10-minute winds of 75 km/h (45 mph) and a minimum pressure of 990 hPa.
The JTWC declared that Yagi reached winds of 85 km/h (50 mph) on 12:00 UTC of August 12 after the storm had consolidated further with an improved structure. Yagi made landfall shortly thereafter over Wenling, in Taizhou of Zhejiang, China, at around 23:35 CST (15:35 UTC) on August 12. By 21:00 UTC of that day, the JTWC issued their final advisory on Yagi, but continued to track it until it weakened further into a tropical depression early on August 13. The JMA did the same on 06:00 UTC of August 13, but continued to tracked it until it became an extratropical system on August 15.
Impact
Although Yagi (Karding) didn't make landfall in the Philippines, the storm enhanced the southwest monsoon which brought extreme flooding towards many regions within the country. According to the NDRRMC, 5 people died along with ₱996 million (US$19 million) worth of damages. In East China, Yagi killed a total of 3 people and total damages were counted to be CN¥2.51 billion (US$367 million).
References
External links
JMA Best Track for 2018 Pacific typhoon season
Tropical storms
Yagi
Ashley Livingston Thorp (born March 1983) is an illustrator, graphic designer, and creative director for feature films, commercial marketing, and print.
Career
As a freelance graphic designer, Thorp created UI (user interface) graphics and design content for Total Recall and Ender's Game. He also contributed to the direction and concepts for Prometheus, X-Men: First Class, The Amazing Spider-Man 2, along with many other feature films.
In 2013, Thorp launched his own creative design corporation named ALT Creative, Inc. and serves as President of the firm.
Thorp also founded and hosts The Collective Podcast. He created the podcast to connect and share experiences with creatives from all realms of media, including visual effects artists, designers, illustrators, and programmers.
Thorp elevated his career from designer to creative director. His first directorial debut in 2014 involved a Ghost in the Shell tribute titled Project 2501. Soon thereafter, he wrote and directed the main title for OFFF Barcelona 2014 alongside director Anthony Scott Burns. In 2015, he assembled an international team of designers and created the title sequence for FITC Tokyo, which was selected as a Vimeo staff pick.
Most recently, Thorp created a graphic series titled Lost Boy, which is in further development alongside his co-director, Anthony Scott Burns. PostPanic Pictures announced that they will be producing a concept short for Lost Boy with an aimed release date in 2016.
For the 2022 film The Batman Thorp designed the Batmobile as well the Batcycle under the lead of the film's production designer James Chinlund.
References
External links
ALT Creative, Inc.
The Collective Podcast
Lost Boy
Project 2501
1983 births
Living people
American illustrators
American graphic designers
American podcasters
People from San Diego County, California
Film directors from California
Aezkoa Valley is an administrative unit of Navarre, Spain. It is formed by several smaller municipalities: Abaurregaina, Abaurrepea, Aria, Aribe (seat of the Valley administration), Garraioa, Garralda, Hiriberri (town), Orbaitzeta and Orbara.
The valley has c. 1200 people inscribed as residents but only around 800 live there regularly.
Geography
Aezkoa valley encompasses the upper course of the Irati river, a territory full of oak and beech woods (60% of the land). The more mountainous fraction of it is known as the Irati Forest, that also extends into Lower Navarre. It has two natural reserves: Mendilatz, in the Irati Forest, and Truistuibartea. The upper Irati also has a reservoir known as Irabia reservoir, in the midst of Irati Forest.
Other points of interest are the ruins of the weapons' manufacture of Orbaizeta. Orbaizeta also has an accommodation and used to have a camping but it is now out of business. There are several megalithic monuments in the mountains north of the valley, that are part of the Pyrenees. Best known, maybe because it's easy access, is the dolmen of Urkuilu mountain.
History
It is known that, before the consolidation of the Kingdom of Navarre in the 9th century, there was already a community in the valley that possibly was participant in the famous Battle of Roncevaux, not far away. The lineage of Abaurrea is the oldest one to be mentioned living in the valley.
Aezkoans also participated in the Battle of Navas de Tolosa in 1212. King Sancho the Wise improved the chart of the valley in 1229. In 1443 Aezkoa gained the control of its mountain passages. In 1462 the Valley gained collective gentry rights for all its inhabitants. Since then, all kings gave oath to respect the chart of the valley until 1609.
After Navarre was annexed by Castile, the valley suffered two persecutions for witchery. In 1525, soon after the consolidation of the Spanish conquest, 9 neighbours were burnt at the stake and many others died in prison or suffered tortures. In 1575 6 women of the valley were brought to Logroño accused of witchcraft, nothing was proven but 4 of them died because of the tortures.
In 1774, the valley suffered, together with other areas of northern Navarre, a massive epidemic that killed all its cattle. The war of 1793-95 against France caused much destruction in the valley. It was in this period when the weapons' manufacture of Orbaizeta was built(1784–94), employing more than 50 workers and being able to manufacture up to 3600 bombs per year. This manufacture was also affected by the Napoleonic and Carlist Wars in the 19th century.
In the 20th century the most important phenomenon is the rural exodus, caused by the crisis of the cattle-herding sector, that reduced its population to only c.1000 inhabitants.
Basque language and dialect
The Basque sub-dialect of the valley, known as Aezkera, belongs to the High Navarrese dialect but it has strong influence from Lower Navarrese and specially nearby subdialect of Salazar Valley. It used to be a Basque-speaking valley before the fascist coup of 1936, nowadays Basque-speakers are estimated to be around 40% of the inhabitants. Though the dialect is still alive, its situation is extremely delicate.
The vast majority of children go nowadays to Basque-speaking schools, which is helping to revive the traditional language of the valley.
References
External links
Aezkoa.net (in Spanish and Basque).
Municipalities in Navarre
Basque history
Basque language
Xiphocolaptes is a genus of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily.
Species
The genus contains four species:
References
External links
Bird genera
Taxa named by René Lesson
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Andrey Loginov (born 3 March 1972 in Tiraspol, Moldovan SSR) is a Russian former middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 and 1500 metres.
International competitions
References
1972 births
Living people
People from Tiraspol
Soviet male middle-distance runners
Russian male middle-distance runners
Olympic male middle-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Russia
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Goodwill Games medalists in athletics
Competitors at the 1994 Goodwill Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Russia
European Athletics Indoor Championships winners
Russian Athletics Championships winners
Naaja Nathanielsen (born 6 December 1975) is a Greenlandic politician of the Inuit Ataqatigiit party. She was a member of the Inatsisartut (the Greenlandic parliament) from 2009 to 2016, and was re-elected in 2021. She has been the director of Greenland's department of prisons and probation from 2016, and became minister for natural resources in 2021. In her role as minister for natural resources, she banned uranium mining. She is a feminist, and has spoken against domestic violence in the country.
Early life
Naaja Nathanielsen was born on 6 December 1975.
Career
Naaja Nathanielsen served in the Inatsisartut from 2009 to 2016. She was a member of Inuit Ataqatigiit, but became an independent in 2016 before her departure from the legislature; she said she left the party due to not being consulted for policy changes. She ran again for the Inatsisartut in 2021 with the Inuit Ataqatigiit party. She was re-elected.
She has served as the director of the department of prisons and probation since 2016. In 2021, she became the country's minister for natural resources. In her position, she approved an expansion of mining—including to explore the extent of subterranean radioactive elements—but refused to allow uranium mining. She has proposed a total ban on uranium exploitation; such a ban required a bill from the Inatsisartut to be passed, and the ban is now in effect. While she has sought out legal assessments for the ban on uranium mining, she has refused to share them when asked. She also revoked the license of a Chinese company to mine iron near Nuuk, saying the company failed to meet deadlines related to pay and activity.
She is a feminist, and has argued that there are extensive divisions of power in politics as a result of patriarchy. She has argued that violence against women in Greenland is not attributable only to alcohol abuse since violence "is happening to women more than to men". While she believes that there are similarities among all Inuit peoples, she believes that calls for Inuit self-determination in Greenland—such as Greenlandic independence—are problematic, since generalizing an Inuit worldview is not possible, even within the country. She said that independence is the ultimate goal of her work, "in some form or another", while continuing to work toward a "broader or wider deal with Denmark" in the meantime. Ultimately, she said, "self-determination is about freedom from violence and [from] fear of violence".
References
Citations
Bibliography
1975 births
21st-century Greenlandic politicians
Greenlandic feminists
Women members of the Parliament of Greenland
Inuit Ataqatigiit politicians
Living people
Women government ministers of Greenland
21st-century women politicians
Government ministers of Greenland
Lars Stenbäck (born 11 January 1956) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder. He made 118 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF and scored eight goals.
References
Living people
1956 births
Association football midfielders
Swedish footballers
Sweden under-21 international footballers
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
IFK Västerås players
Hammarby Fotboll players
IFK Eskilstuna players
The MESIF protocol is a cache coherency and memory coherence protocol developed by Intel for cache coherent non-uniform memory architectures. The protocol consists of five states, Modified (M), Exclusive (E), Shared (S), Invalid (I) and Forward (F).
The M, E, S and I state are the same as in the MESI protocol. The F state is a specialized form of the S state, and indicates that a cache should act as a designated responder for any requests for the given line. The protocol ensures that, if any cache holds a line in the S state, at most one (other) cache holds it in the F state.
In a system of caches employing the MESI protocol, a cache line request that is received by multiple caches holding a line in the S state will be serviced inefficiently. It may either be satisfied from (slow) main memory, or all the sharing caches could respond, bombarding the requestor with redundant responses. In a system of caches employing the MESIF protocol, a cache line request will be responded to only by the cache holding the line in the F state. This allows the requestor to receive a copy at cache-to-cache speeds, while allowing the use of as few multicast packets as the network topology will allow.
Because a cache may unilaterally discard (invalidate) a line in the S or F states, it is possible that no cache has a copy in the F state, even though copies in the S state exist. In this case, a request for the line is satisfied (less efficiently, but still correctly) from main memory. To minimize the chance of the F line being discarded due to lack of interest, the most recent requestor of a line is assigned the F state; when a cache in the F state responds, it gives up the F state to the new cache.
Thus, the main difference from the MESI protocol is that a request for a copy of the cache line for read always enters the cache in the F state. The only way to enter the S state is to satisfy a read request from main memory.
For any given pair of caches, the permitted states of a given cache line are listed in the table on the right. The order in which the states are listed has no significance other than to make the acronym MESIF pronounceable.
There are other techniques for satisfying read requests from shared caches while suppressing redundant replies, but having only a single designated cache respond makes it easier to invalidate all copies when necessary to transition to the Exclusive state.
Comparison to MOESI protocol
The F state in this protocol should not be confused with the "Owner" O state in the MOESI protocol. While both states identify one cache out of a set of sharers to efficiently transfer data using direct cache-to-cache transfers (instead of expecting information from the main memory), there is a difference behind the intent of the two states.
A cache line in the F state is clean and may be discarded at any time without notice.
A cache line in the O state is dirty and must be written back to memory before being discarded.
The F state in the MESIF protocol is simply a way to choose one of the sharers of a clean cache line to respond to a read request for data using a direct cache-to-cache transfer instead of waiting for the data to come from the main memory. This optimization makes sense in architectures where the cache-to-cache latency is much smaller in comparison to the latency of accessing the main memory. A key point to be noted here is that, similar to the MESI protocol, when data is in the shared state (with one of the caches in the F state) the data is clean.
The O state in the MOESI protocol is an optimization to the MESI protocol where the requirement of the shared data to be clean is relaxed. In other words, caches can share data which are dirty as long as one of the sharers takes the responsibility of owning the data. Requests for the shared data now will be satisfied by the owner. This optimization allows delaying the writeback of data by allowing sharing of dirty data. The key difference in the MOESI protocol is that, unlike the MESIF protocol, the Owned state is not clean.
It is possible to construct a MOESIF protocol.
See also
MSI protocol
MESI protocol
MOSI protocol
MOESI protocol
References
Cache coherency
"Nobody's Home" is third single released from Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne's second studio album, Under My Skin (2004). The track was written by Lavigne and former Evanescence guitarist Ben Moody, who also plays guitar on the song. "Nobody's Home", produced by Don Gilmore, is generally slower-paced than Lavigne's previous singles from Under My Skin.
The song was well-received critically and commercially, reaching number 41 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and charting within the top 40 on the charts of Australia and nine European countries, including Austria, Greece, Ireland, and the United Kingdom. One of the song's B-sides, "I Always Get What I Want", was released as a single on iTunes on 31 October 2004.
Critic and fan response
Riff magazine described the song as having influences of post-grunge. In an AOL Radio listener's poll, "Nobody's Home" was voted Lavigne's seventh best song. PopMatters implied that because of song's title "should tell you that to dominate mood is one of anger and defensiveness."
Chart performance
"Nobody's Home" peaked lower in most countries than some of Lavigne's previous singles but managed to gain some respectable chart positions. The song was very close to reaching the top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100, but it only managed to peak at number 41. It charted better in the UK and Australia, reaching number 24 in both countries; it was her lowest-charting UK single before "Hot" charted in 2007 and peaked only at number 30.
Music video
The music video was filmed on 29 and 30 July 2004 in Los Angeles, California, directed by Diane Martel. The video of "Nobody's Home" premiered on 20 October on MTV's Total Request Live.
In the music video for "Nobody's Home", Lavigne plays a homeless teenager who appears to live street-to-street with a friend. Lavigne, who said it was a fun video to make, wore a black wig and acid-wash jeans when playing the homeless teenager. The video shifts to a more glamorous Lavigne who wears a dress with long, curled hair, singing the song with an orchestra behind her.
"Nobody's Home" showed the outcast, homeless Lavigne trying to get off the streets. She also tries to call her mother, but hangs up. As the video progresses, a store manager kicks her out of his store, but the outcast girl ends up going back into the store and is shown washing herself in a convenience store bathroom. She also tries playing the guitar on the street to try to earn money. Towards the end of the video, the runaway is seen trying to get inside parked cars, eventually finding an unlocked one, during heavy rain. At the end of the video, the girl, with dirty clothes and messy hair, is shown with a tear rolling down her cheek. She then turns around and walks away as the camera fades out.
During the video Avril was wearing the T-shirt with logo of Moscow. Russian word "Москва" was printed on Avril's T-shirt.
References in the video
At the beginning of the video, one can see "A+D", for Lavigne's then-boyfriend, now ex-husband, Deryck Whibley. Next, in the bathroom scene where Lavigne is using the hand dryer, "A+D" can be seen inside a heart that is written on the bathroom wall. The other outcast runaway is real-life friend Monique, who also appeared as one of the young women in the "My Happy Ending" video.
Track listings
Personnel
Personnel are adapted from the US promo CD liner notes and inlay.
Avril Lavigne – words, music, vocals
Ben Moody – music, guitar
Jon O'Brien – keyboards, programming
David Campbell – string arrangement
Brooks Wackerman – drums
Don Gilmore – production, recording
Tom Lord-Alge – mixing
Leon Zervos – mastering
Joshua Sarubin – A&R
Shauna Gold – management
Terry McBride – management
Kim Kinakin – artwork design
James Minchin III – photography
Charts and certifications
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2004 singles
2004 songs
Avril Lavigne songs
Arista Records singles
Bertelsmann Music Group singles
Music videos directed by Diane Martel
RCA Records singles
Songs about homelessness
Songs written by Avril Lavigne
Songs written by Ben Moody
lt:Under My Skin#Nobody's Home
The 2020 season was IK Start's first season back in the Eliteserien following their relegation at the end of the 2018 season. They finished the season in 15th position and where relegated back to the 1. divisjon at the first opportunity.
Season events
On 12 June, the Norwegian Football Federation announced that a maximum of 200 home fans would be allowed to attend the upcoming seasons matches.
On 10 September, the Norwegian Football Federation cancelled the 2020 Norwegian Cup due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Norway.
On 30 September, the Minister of Culture and Gender Equality, Abid Raja, announced that clubs would be able to have crowds of 600 at games from 12 October.
Squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Loans in
Out
Loans out
Released
Friendlies
Competitions
Eliteserien
Results summary
Results by round
Results
Table
Norwegian Cup
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan="14"|Players away from Start on loan:
|-
|colspan="14"|''Players who left Start during the season
|}
Goal scorers
Clean sheets
Disciplinary record
References
Start
IK Start seasons
Joseph Hirsch (Tzvi) Carlebach (January 30, 1883, Lübeck, German Empire – March 26, 1942, Biķerniecki forest, near Riga, Latvia) was an Orthodox rabbi and Jewish-German scholar and natural scientist (Naturwissenschaftler).
Early life and family
Carlebach was the eighth child of Esther Adler (1853–1920), the daughter of the former rabbi of Lübeck, Rabbi Alexander Sussmann Adler (1816–1869), and Lübeck's then Rabbi Salomon Carlebach (1845–1919). In 1919 Joseph Carlebach and his former pupil Charlotte Preuss (1900–1942) married. They had nine children. One of them is rabbi Shlomo Carlebach.
Education and early career
Joseph Carlebach became a rabbi, as did several of his brothers, to wit David Carlebach, Emanuel Carlebach (rabbi in Memel and Cologne), Hartwig Naftali Carlebach (rabbi in Berlin, Baden near Vienna and New York), and Ephraim Carlebach (rabbi in Leipzig). Initially, however, Joseph Carlebach completed extensive studies in natural sciences. From 1901 on he studied at Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität in Berlin natural sciences, mathematics, astronomy, philosophy and history of art. The quantum physicist Max Planck and the philosopher Wilhelm Dilthey (hermeneutics) were among his teachers. In 1908 he graduated as high-school teacher (Oberlehrer-Examen) of natural sciences (at summa cum laude). In the same time Carlebach attended the orthodox Rabbinical Seminary in Berlin. In 1905 to 1907 Carlebach interrupted his studies in Germany and taught at the Lämel-School in Jerusalem. There Carlebach made the acquaintance of a number of eminent rabbis.
In 1909 Carlebach obtained degrees in mathematics, physics and Hebrew at Ruprecht-Karls-Universität in Heidelberg. There he also was awarded his doctorate on the mathematician Levi ben Gershon (Lewi ben Gerson als Mathematiker). Carlebach gained an academic reputation by books on Levi ben Gershon as well as on Albert Einstein's relativity theory in 1912. From 1910 to 1914 Carlebach enrolled in the rabbinical seminary under Rabbi David Zvi Hoffmann, receiving his semikhah (rabbinic ordination) in 1914.
World War I service
During World War I Carlebach served in the imperial German Army, at the beginning as telegraphist. In 1915 he was assigned as educator - after recommendation by his brother-in-law Leopold Rosenak, a German Army Field Rabbi active in promoting German culture among the Jews in Lithuania and Poland during the German occupation (1915–1918). Erich Ludendorff's intention was to evoke pro-German attitudes among Jews and other Poles and Lithuanians, in order to prepare the installation of a Polish and a Lithuanian state dependent on Germany. Part of the effort was the establishment of Jewish newspapers (e.g. the folkist Warszawer Togblat, וואַרשעווער טאָגבלאַט), of Jewish organisations (e.g. Joseph's brother German Army Field Rabbi Emanuel Carlebach (*1874-1927*) initiated in Łomża the foundation of the hassidic umbrella organisation Agudas Yisroel of Poland, part of a non-Zionist movement founded in Germany in 1912) and of modern educational institutions of Jewish alignment. Joseph Carlebach founded the partly German-language Jüdisches Realgymnasium גימנזיום עברי (academic high school) in Kaunas (Kovno; the interwar capital of Lithuania) and directed it until 1919. The school was based on the German Torah im Derech Eretz model. The school provided both Jewish and secular studies both for men and women (separately) and was the model for the Yavneh network that Carlebach later founded in collaboration with Leo Deutschlander. In 1925 Yavneh was taken over by Joseph Leib Bloch (*1860-1930*), who relocated it to Telšiai (Russ.: Telshe, Yidd.: Telz טעלז) and incorporated it into the Rabbinical College of Telshe, which managed to re-establish in 1942 in the USA.
From 1919 to 1921 he was rabbi of his native home town Lübeck. In 1921 Carlebach became headmaster of the Talmud Torah high school in Hamburg. Between 1925 and 1936 he served as chief rabbi of the Hochdeutsche Israeliten-Gemeinde zu Altona, after which he changed as chief rabbi to the Deutsch-Israelitische Gemeinde zu Hamburg, where he served until his deportation into death in 1941.
The renowned Israeli jurist Haim Cohn described the effect Carlebach had on his students (as well as illustrating Carlebach's fairly unusual position that Orthodox Jews may visit churches):
He spent a full day with the boys in the Cologne Cathedral, expertly explaining every detail of the statues, the glass windows, the ornaments, and the intricacies of the Catholic faith and ritual; but I was not allowed to participate, being a Cohen who may not be under the same roof with a corpse or with tombs, lest he become impure; and although, according to the letter of the Law, it is only the Jewish dead the contact with whom renders impure, and not the non-Jewish dead, still Carlebach held that the least possibility that among the dead buried in the cathedral may have been a person of Jewish origin (even though ultimately converted to Christianity), sufficed to make the place taboo to me.
Persecution and murder under the Nazi regime
After Nazi Germany banned Jewish students from attending German schools together with "Aryan" German children, Rabbi Carlebach set up a number of schools throughout Germany to educate Jewish children. His schools bore his name and were known as Carlebach-Schulen.
He was deported to the Nazi concentration camp Jungfernhof by the Nazis, where he was murdered on March 26, 1942 during the mass shooting of approximately 1600 Jews, mostly older people and children, that became known as the Dünamünde Action. This occurred in the Biķerniecki forest, near Riga, Latvia, which was the site of numerous other shootings perpetrated by the Nazis and their Latvian collaborators, in particular, the Arajs Kommando.
His wife and younger children were also killed during the Holocaust. Of his surviving children, one son Rabbi Shlomo Carlebach became the mashgiach ruchani ("spiritual supervisor" [of students]) at the Yeshiva Rabbi Chaim Berlin in Brooklyn, New York City after the war, and his third daughter Professor Miriam Gillis-Carlebach emigrated to Israel in October 1938. She taught Education and Hebrew reading at Bar-Ilan University, in Ramat Gan. In 1992 she became the head of the Joseph Carlebach Institute at Bar-Ilan University and has dedicated herself to researching her father's writings as well as the writing of other Jewish leaders of the same time period.
Rabbi Joseph Carlebach's wife managed to send her elder children to England, and they survived the war.
Commemoration and legacy
On 18 August 1954 Jerusalem honoured Carlebach's work, among others at the local Lämel-School, by naming a street, Rekhov Carlebach/Karlibakh רחוב קרליבך, after him in the neighbourhood of Talpiot.
The memory of Joseph Carlebach is held in great honor by the City of Hamburg and its Jewish community. In 1990, part of the University Campus, the Bornplatz, the former location of the Main Synagogue of Hamburg and Carlebach's last pulpit, was named as the "Joseph-Carlebach-Platz". In honor of his 120th Birthday in 2003, the "Joseph-Carlebach-Preis" (Joseph Carlebach prize) for Jewish studies was established, awarded every two years, by the State University of Hamburg.
Works
Carlebach, Joseph. Die drei grossen Propheten Jesajas, Jirmija und Jecheskel; eine Studie. Pp. 133. Frankfurt am Main: Hermon-Verlag, 1932
Carlebach, Joseph. Les trois grands prophetes, Isaie, Jeremie, Ezechiel. Traduit de l'allemand par Henri Schilli. Pp. 141. Paris: Editions A. Michel, 1959
Carlebach, Joseph. Moderne paedagogische Bestrebungen und ihre Beziehungen zum Judentum. Pp. 19. Berlin, Hebraeischer Verlag "Menorah", 1925
Carlebach, Joseph. Mikhtavim mi-Yerushalayim (1905–1906): Erets Yi'sra'el be-reshit ha-me'ah be-`ene moreh tsa`ir, ma'skil-dati mi-Germanyah. (Ed. and transl. Miryam Gilis-Karlibakh). Pp. 141, ill. Ramat-Gan: Orah, mi-pirsume Mekhon Yosef Karlibakh; Yerushalayim: Ariel, c1996
Carlebach, Joseph. Ausgewaehlte Schriften mit einem Vorwort von Haim H. Cohn; herausgegeben von Miriam Gillis-Carlebach. 2 vols. Hildesheim; New York: G. Olms Verlag, 1982
Carlebach, Joseph. Lewi ben Gerson als Mathematiker; ein Beitrag zur Geschichte der Mathematik bei den Juden. Von Dr. phil. 238, [2]. Berlin: L. Lamm, 1910
Carlebach, Joseph. Das gesetzestreue Judentum. Pp. 53. Berlin: Im Schocken Verlag, 1936.
Carlebach, Joseph. Juedischer Alltag als humaner Widerstand: Dokumente des Hamburger Oberrabiners Dr. Joseph Carlebach aus den Jahren 1939-1942. Ed. Miriam Gillis-Carlebach. Pp. 118, ill. Hamburg: Verlag Verein fuer Hamburgische Geschichte, 1990
Gerhard Paul; Miriam Gillis-Carlebach (Eds.). Menora und Hakenkreuz: zur Geschichte der Juden in und aus Schleswig-Holstein, Luebeck und Altona (1918–1998). Pp. 943, ill. Neumuenster: Wachholtz Verlag, 1998
Notes
External links
Joseph Carlebach Institute
Personality of the Week - Carlebach at www.bh.org.il
Review of the book: Ish Yehudi: The Life and the Legacy of a Torah Great, Rav Joseph Tzvi Carebach
Joseph
1883 births
1942 deaths
Scientists from Lübeck
German Orthodox rabbis
German military personnel of World War I
German Jews who died in the Holocaust
Jewish military personnel
People who died in Jungfernhof concentration camp
The Holocaust in Latvia
German civilians killed in World War II
People from Schleswig-Holstein executed in Nazi concentration camps
Jewish scientists
Hildesheimer Rabbinical Seminary alumni
Clergy from Lübeck
Clémentine is a small satellite built by Alcatel Space (now Thales) for the French DGA, ostensibly "to study the Earth's radio-electrical environment from space."
It is a successor to the Cerise satellite.
References
Satellites of France
Spacecraft launched in 1999
Spacecraft launched by Ariane rockets
Derelict satellites orbiting Earth
Signals intelligence
Military equipment introduced in the 1990s
So Uk () is one of the 25 constituencies in the Sham Shui Po District.
First created in 1994 District Board election and was abolished in 2011 due to the redevelopment of So Uk Estate and resettlement of the population. It was re-created from Un Chau & So Uk for the 2019 District Council elections, the constituency returns one district councillor to the Sham Shui Po District Council, with an election every four years.
So Uk loosely covers the public housing estate So Uk Estate in Cheung Sha Wan. It has projected population of 18,751.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
2000s
1990s
References
So Uk
Cheung Sha Wan
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Sham Shui Po District Council
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 2019
1994 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 1994
Odessa massacre may refer to
Odessa pogroms
1941 Odessa massacre
2014 Odesa clashes
The 1948–49 FAW Welsh Cup is the 62nd season of the annual knockout tournament for competitive football teams in Wales.
Key
League name pointed after clubs name.
CCL - Cheshire County League
FL D2 - Football League Second Division
FL D3N - Football League Third Division North
FL D3S - Football League Third Division South
SFL - Southern Football League
Fifth round
Eight winners from the Fourth round and ten new clubs.
Sixth round
Two winners from the Fifth round. Seven other clubs get a bye to the Seventh round.
Seventh round
One winner from the Sixth round plus seven clubs who get a bye in the previous round.
Semifinal
Swansea Town and Rhyl played at Wrexham, Cardiff City and Merthyr Tydfil played at Swansea.
Final
Final were held at Cardiff.
External links
The FAW Welsh Cup
1948-49
Wales
Cup
Edward Synge (1691–1762) was an Anglican bishop in the Church of Ireland who was the Bishop of Clonfert and Kilmacduagh (1730–1732), Bishop of Cloyne (1732–1734), Bishop of Ferns and Leighlin (1734–1740) and Bishop of Elphin (1740–1762).
Synge was born in Cork. His father was Edward Synge, Archbishop of Tuam. His grandfather was Edward Synge, Bishop of Cork, Cloyne and Ross and his brother Nicholas Synge Bishop of Killaloe. He was educated at Trinity College, Dublin, obtaining a Master of Arts degree in 1712 and a Doctorate of Divinity in 1728. He was briefly Provost of Tuam and Chancellor of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, before he was nominated the Bishop of Clonfert and Kilmacduagh on 14 May 1730 and consecrated on 7 June 1730. He was subsequently translated to Cloyne on 22 March 1732, then to Ferns and Leighlin on 8 February 1734, and finally to Elphin on 15 May 1740.
Synge's musical ability made a strong impression on Handel when the composer was in Dublin; Handel referred to Synge as 'a Nobleman very learned in Musick'. Synge was in attendance at the first performance of Handel's Messiah and his written comments on the performance are quoted in Richard Luckett's Handel's Messiah: a celebration (1992).
Synge is particularly well known for his 221 letters to his daughter Alicia (1733-1807), the only survivor out of the six children of the Bishop and his wife Jane Curtis (d. 1737) whom he married in 1720. These are principally taken up with advice to Alicia whom Mary Delany said was being 'brought up like a princess'. There is almost no aspect of the young girl's life upon which her father did not comment including dress, health, diet, exercise and behaviour in social situations. His principal concern was with her education generally and specifically her ability to write letters well; his advice to her on this score was to copy Swift for grammar and punctuation. These letters also provide valuable insight into domestic life and the lives of servants. The bequest of these letters to Trinity College Library, University of Dublin, by Synge's descendant Marie-Louise Jenner, has revolutionised eighteenth-century Irish social and women's history.
Synge died in office on 27 January 1762, aged 71.
His daughter Alicia married Joshua Cooper MP (1732–1800) of Markree Castle in County Sligo. She was said to have a fortune of £50,000.
References
Bibliography
Legg, Marie-Louise (ed.), The Synge Letters 1746-1752 (Lilliput Press: Dublin 1996).
1691 births
1762 deaths
Bishops of Clonfert and Kilmacduagh
Anglican bishops of Cloyne
Bishops of Ferns and Leighlin
Anglican bishops of Elphin
Provosts of Tuam
Clergy from Cork (city)
Acacia auricoma, commonly known as Petermann wattle, Alumaru and Nyalpilintji wattle is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves. It is native to an area in the Northern Territory and the eastern Goldfields region of Western Australia.
Description
The erect sparsely branched shrub typically grows to a height of and has a straggly habit. It has terete velvety-hairy branchlets with long stipules and golden-coloured hairy new shoots. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. The evergreen, hairy and coriaceous phyllodes have an inequilaterally elliptic shape with a length of and have three to five raised main nerves.
Taxonomy
The species was first formally described by the botanist Bruce Maslin in 1980 as part of the work Acacia (Leguminosae-Mimosoideae): A contribution to the flora of central Australia as published in the Journal of the Adelaide Botanic Gardens. It was reclassified as Racosperma auricomum in 2003 by Leslie Pedley then transferred back to genus Acacia in 2006.
Distribution
It is endemic to a small area of arid central Australia extending from around Anne Range and Bloods Range in the west to the Petermann Range in the east where it is commonly situated on quartzite scree slopes growing in skeletal soils as a part of open shrubland communities dominated by spinifex.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
auricoma
Flora of the Northern Territory
Acacias of Western Australia
Plants described in 1980
Taxa named by Bruce Maslin
The Citarum River () is the longest and largest river in West Java, Indonesia. It is the third longest river in Java, after Bengawan Solo and Brantas. It plays an important role in the life of the people of West Java. It has been noted for being considered one of the most polluted rivers in the world.
History
In Indonesian history the Citarum is linked with the 4th-century Tarumanagara kingdom, as the kingdom and the river shared the same etymology, derived from the word "tarum" (Sundanese for indigo plant). The earlier 4th-century BCE prehistoric Buni clay pottery-making culture flourished near the river's mouth. Stone inscriptions, Chinese sources, and archaeological sites such as Batujaya and Cibuaya suggest that human habitation and civilization flourished in and around the river estuaries and river valley as early as the 4th century and even earlier.
Geography
The river flows in the northwest area of Java with a predominantly tropical monsoon climate. The annual average temperature in the area is 24 °C. The warmest month is May, when the average temperature is around 26 °C, and the coldest is January, at 22 °C. The average annual rainfall is 2646 mm. The wettest month is January, with an average of 668 mm rainfall, and the driest month is September, with 14 mm rainfall.
Hydroelectric and irrigation dams
Three hydroelectric powerplant dams are installed along the Citarum: Saguling, Cirata, and Ir. H. Djuanda (Jatiluhur), all supplying the electricity for the Bandung and Greater Jakarta areas. The waters from these dams are also used to irrigate vast rice paddies in Karawang and Bekasi area, making northern West Java lowlands one of the most productive rice farming areas.
The Jatiluhur Dam with a 3 billion cubic meter storage capacity has the largest reservoir in Indonesia.
The river makes up around 80 percent of the surface water available to the people who use it. Pollution has affected agriculture so much that farmers have sold their rice paddies for half their normal price.
Pollution
The river is heavily polluted by human activity; about five million people live in its basin. Textile factories in Bandung and Cimahi were major toxic waste contributors. More than 2,000 industries contaminate 5,020 sq miles of the river with lead, mercury, arsenic, and other toxins. According to the documentary Green Warriors Indonesia by Martin Boudot, some of the other toxins include sulphites, nonylphenol, phtalates, PCB 180, paranitrophenol, tributylphosphate. The documentary also mentions that the most dangerous pollution comes from the Indonesian textile industry (with many textile factories being part of Asosiasi Pertekstilan Indonesia). It is also mentioned that the textile factory effluents are only tested on a very select number of parameters. It was thus also proposed in the documentary that a revisal on the textile industry guidelines could include more parameters such as sulphites and heavy metals.
On December 5, 2008, the Asian Development Bank approved a $500 million loan for cleaning up the river, calling it the world's dirtiest.
Environmentalists have observed that over 20,000 tons of waste and 340,000 tons of wastewater from those textile factories are disposed into the river on a daily basis. A result of this pollution has been the elimination of a significant part of the river's fish population estimated at 60% since 2008.
In 2011, the Indonesian government began a river revitalization project, aiming to return the whole river to clean drinking water status.
Revitalization
In November 2011, the river revitalization began, with an expected cost of Rp35 trillion ($4 billion) over 15 years. The revitalization is occurring from Mount Wayang through eight regencies and three cities for a distance of 180 kilometers. The target for the first three years is to collect 10.5 million cubic meters of sedimentation.
In February 2018, the President of Indonesia Joko Widodo launched a seven-year plan to clean up the whole river to achieve clean drinking-water status, ordering 7,000 regular soldiers to clean up allocated sections of the river on a regular basis. They have powers to block up outlets conveying polluted wastewater from factories into the river and are installing rubbish treatment and water treatment facilities. Problems are - lack of money for continuing action, lack of coordination at local level, bribes paid by factories to avoid change, and upstream soil erosion from deforestation that enhances the silting of the lower river. But with wider internet publicity, and now the top-down government enforcement, more foreign consultants are coming in to recommend necessary changes upstream, and local awareness and anti-plastics campaigns are beginning to take effect.
See also
Water supply and sanitation in Indonesia
Environmental issues in Indonesia
Fast fashion
Buriganga River
References
External links
Indonesia's Most Polluted River. 101 East, Al Jazeera English, 3. Mai 2018 (video, 25 mins)
Martin Boudot: The world's most polluted river. DW documentary, 2020 (video, 42 mins)
"The 15 most toxic places to live" via Mother Nature Network
"Sea of Garbage" — pictures of Citarum River pollution
"The Dirtiest River In The World" — photos
Citarum — Bahasa (mainly updated) and English website regarding information on Citarum river recovery effort
Citarum Knowledge Center — information on research, everything from scholarly publications to tool kits for applied research and policy briefs about Citarum River recovery effort. All materials can be freely downloaded from the site.
"Rescuing The Citarum River." Sometimes Interesting. 09 Nov 2013
Rivers of West Java
Water pollution in Indonesia
Contaminated farmland
Rivers of Indonesia
Felix Weber (born August 17, 1965), also known as Schlockmaster, is a German artist.
Biography
Weber was born in Munich, Germany. Since the early 1980s Weber has been focused on painting, drawing, Comic books, and music. 1991 Weber founded the label "Subversion Durch Schlock (SDS)" and began to exhibit his art. At the end of the nineties SDS was changed to Schlockweltall, and Weber began to build his presence on the internet. Sex and violence are basic elements for his cutting edge art.
Weber branched into German hip hop at the end of the 1990s. The band Schlockmaster released two 12" singles in 1997/98 and an LP in 2002. Some of the tracks were "Echte Künstler", "Rap Wigga", and "Lass Einen Wigga Scheinen". His work is sampled quite a lot in German hip-hop.
In his painting he replaced his signature heavy-black outlined comic-bookish style of the 90s with tightly rendered über-realistic figure shading. His work depicts naked people in a "world they didn't make", reflecting on philosophy and art history. His influences include Jack Kirby, Martin Heidegger, Caspar David Friedrich, Hölderlin, Friedrich Nietzsche, Jess Franco, Gary Panter, and Joe D´Amato. He has had exhibitions in places like Autocenter, Berlin, Daniel Hug Gallery, Los Angeles, Galerie Krinzinger, Vienna, and Baronian Francey, Brussels.
In music, Weber teamed up with Thomas Zipp to produce "Freie Musik" in 2002, first called Nazihipiwelt. They formed a trio called ZLW-Trio with electronic artist Sepp Löbert. Next Zipp and Weber founded the band DA ("Dickarsch", meaning fatass in English) in 2006. The band featured Stefan Branca on guitar, as well as Phillip Zaiser and Kai Erdmann. DA released the LP Nach Hause in 2007.
References
1965 births
Living people
Artists from Munich
The RBC Taylor Prize (2000–2020), formerly known as the Charles Taylor Prize, is a Canadian literary award, presented by the Charles Taylor Foundation to the best Canadian work of literary non-fiction. It is named for Charles P. B. Taylor, a noted Canadian historian and writer. The 2020 prize will be the final year after which the prize will be concluded. The prize was inaugurated in 2000, and was presented biennially until 2004. At the 2004 awards ceremony, it was announced that the Charles Taylor Prize would become an annual award. The award has a monetary value of $30,000.
The award adopted its present name in December 2013, when RBC Wealth Management was announced as the new corporate sponsor. In addition, under RBC's sponsorship the award added a second $10,000 award for an emerging Canadian literary non-fiction writer between the ages of 18 and 35, to be chosen by the winner of the main award. This award was presented for the first time at the 2014 ceremony.
In 2018 the new RBC Taylor Prize Emerging Writers Mentorship Program was unveiled. This is a professional development program designed to support the next generation of Canadian writers and is part of the RBC Taylor Prize Emerging Writers Award, a distinction that is given annually to a Canadian author whose work embodies the pursuit of excellence in literary non-fiction.
The mentorship program is being made available to five Canadian non-fiction writers, who are selected in partnership with a national network of university and college writing programs. These students have been paired with the 2018 RBC Taylor Prize shortlisted authors, who will help support their career development and growth.
The organizers have announced that the 2020 announcement will be the final presentation of the award.
Winners and nominees
RBC Taylor Emerging Writer Award
The RBC Taylor Emerging Writer Award was instituted for the first time in 2014. The award is presented to an emerging writer selected by the winner of that year's primary award, and consists of $10,000 and a mentorship from the writer who made the selection.
In 2018, the RBC Taylor Foundation also announced the creation of a mentorship program for writers who have not yet published their first non-fiction manuscript. Five writers will be selected for the mentorship each year, each receiving mentorship from one of the shortlisted main prize authors.
2014 - Leanne Betasamosake Simpson
2015 - Iain Reid
2016 - Adnan Khan
2017 - Cassi Smith
2018 - Alicia Elliott
2019 - Jessica J. Lee
2020 - Simone Dalton
References
External links
RBC Taylor Prize
Canadian non-fiction literary awards
Awards established in 2000
Awards disestablished in 2020
2000 establishments in Canada
2020 disestablishments in Canada
English-language literary awards
Tibor Keszthelyi (born 19 January 1960) is a Hungarian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1960 births
Living people
Hungarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Hungary
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Budapest
Reading Stadium also known as Smallmead Stadium was an English greyhound racing and speedway stadium in Bennet Road, Reading in the county of Berkshire.
It is not to be confused with Reading Stadium on the Oxford Road that closed in 1974 and was located further to the north of Reading.
Origins
In 1974 the Reading Stadium on the Oxford Road, north-west of the town was closed by the Greyhound Racing Association but the town of Reading soon had a replacement stadium when a company called Allied Presentations opened a new track accessed from the Bennet Road much further to the south of the town. The stadium was constructed on disused sludge beds and south of Island Road and north of Smallmead Road.
The stadium build was assisted by owner trainer Bill Dore who sat on the board of directors with Reg Fearman, F Higley and Len Silver. Martin Haigh would be Racing Manager.
Speedway
Greyhound racing
Opening
The first greyhound meeting was held on 10 June 1975. The first race was won by Mr T Coleman's Journeywork over 433 metres in a time of 27.84 secs.
The circuit was all sand surface with an 'Outside Sumner' hare system. The circumference was 385 metres with usual race distances consisting of 275, 465 and 660 metres.
1980s
The stadium introduced a significant competition called the Berkshire Cup and also resurrected the Hunt Cup. and attracted a good class of trainer including Terry Dartnall and Jerry Fisher, the latter won the Cesarewitch title with Jos Gamble in 1983. Fisher also trained Game Ball who he bought with owner Brian Smith for the sum of £8,000 at the end of 1982. Game Ball was put with Sean Bourke for the English Greyhound Derby and nearly fulfilled his promise being a losing favourite in the 1983 final. game Ball also won the Pall Mall Stakes before becoming a prominent sire.
Daleys Gold won the 1985 Scurry Gold Cup before Mollifrend Lucky trained by Colin Packham won the 1986 Scurry and Laurels in 1986. Martyn Dore (the son of Director and General Manager Bill Dore) was Racing Manager by 1988 as the track became renowned for having a strong class of runner.
1990s
In 1990 the Maldwyn Thomas trained greyhounds with the prefix ‘Trans' began to win trophies and 1992 proved to be a very successful year starting with the announcement that a competition called the Reading Masters would take place. The race offered substantial prize money with only the English Derby and Scottish Derby able to top the £15,000 winner's prize. Poor Brian won the Oxfordshire Stakes for Ron Jeffrey (a former trainer at the old Reading track) and Bob Gilling's Skelligs Smurf became Oaks champion with Bixby (Bill Black) becoming the Puppy Derby winner.
Champion trainer John 'Ginger' McGee joined the training ranks in 1993 and won the Greyhound Trainer of the Year twice as a Reading trainer in 1993 and 1994. The Keith Howard 'Hedsor' prefix was next to provide the track with more success Walthamstow Stadium greyhound Palace Issue claimed a third consecutive Hunt Cup in 2001. In 1998 John McGee returned for a second spell at the track and Paul Young also arrived as a trainer.
2002-2008
The track underwent a major change in 2002 when the BS Group/Gaming International bought the venue from Allied Presentations. Terry Dartnall returned to the track as a trainer once again and won two Select Stakes with Cleenas Lady before retiring and handing the licence to son Matt who then won the Juvenile in 2008 with Ballymac Under.
Closure
In 2008 the local council refused to extend the tracks lease citing redevelopment plans. The plans for the company to build a new modern stadium came to nothing with the final meeting being held on 22 October 2008 and the stadium was demolished.
Competitions
Reading Masters
Hunt Cup
(1932-50 Blackpool), (1948–73 Reading Oxford Road), (1975-2007 Reading Bennett Road)
Track records
At closing
The track records at the time of closing were -
Previous
References
Defunct greyhound racing venues in the United Kingdom
Greyhound
Defunct sports venues in Berkshire
Defunct speedway venues in England
1975 establishments in England
2008 disestablishments in England
Sports venues completed in 1975
Sports venues demolished in 2008
Demolished sports venues in the United Kingdom
The Franklin and Amelia Walton House is a Prairie School style bungalow built in 1916 in Centerville, Utah, United States. The home remains in almost original condition, including original kitchen cabinets, push button light switches, original woodwork, casement windows and hardware. The home was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 and is currently in use as a private residence.
Franklin Walton was born November 6, 1881, and died April 24, 1955. He served a mission for the LDS Church in England and worked his entire life for Porter-Walton Walton nursery, eventually retiring as vice president.
Amelia (Porter) Walton was born January 25, 1883, and died March 8, 1973. She worked as a teacher, was active in civic affairs, the Daughters of Utah Pioneers, and in the LDS Church.
References
External links
Prairie School Traveler
Walton Family Tree
American Craftsman architecture in Utah
Bungalow architecture in Utah
Houses completed in 1916
Houses in Davis County, Utah
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Utah
Prairie School architecture in Utah
National Register of Historic Places in Davis County, Utah
Entenstein Castle () is a medieval castle surrounded by a moat situated in the center of the town of Schliengen. Schliengen is located in the district of Lörrach, Baden-Württemberg, in the very south-west of Germany in the proximity of the Black Forrest.
The origins of the castle can not be clearly dated. The first use of a building at this location can be traced to Walter of Schliengen in 821. By 1000 a tower house might have been in use. In the 13th century, Rudolf von Üsenberg (1207-1231) was the owner of the castle. The name of the castle derives from the German words "Ente" and "Stein", which means duck and stone. By 1525, Entenstein belonged to the nobles of Nagel von der Alten Schönstein and was thus transformed to a more representative manor house.
In 1725 Johann Conrad of Reinach-Hirtzbach, then Prince Bishop of Basel, bought Entenstein castle and used it as the seat of the Upper Bailiwick of Schliengen. In 1805, Entenstein Castle became a district site of the Grand Duchy of Baden. After 1857 Entenstein Castle which was then in the possession of the counts of Andlau, an old German noble house, was reconstructed.
In 1970 Entenstein Castle was purchased by the Community of Schliengen and renovated thereafter.
Since 1975 it has functioned as city hall of the community of Schliengen.
References
Water castles in Germany
City and town halls in Germany
The term Field of Mars () goes back to antiquity, and designates an area, inside or near a city, used as a parade or exercise ground by the military.
Notable examples of places which were used for these purposes include:
Campus Martius, an area in ancient Rome
Champ de Mars, a large public space in front of the Military Academy in Paris
Field of Mars (Saint Petersburg), a square in Saint Petersburg
Modern-day examples of places which have been given this name includes:
Campo Marte, a venue for military, government and equestrian events in Mexico City
Field of Mars Reserve, bushland in New South Wales, Australia
Pedion tou Areos, a large public park in Athens
See also
Mars (disambiguation)
Champ de Mars (disambiguation)
Campus Martius (disambiguation)
Campo Marte (disambiguation)
Mars (oil platform), an oil field in the Gulf of Mexico
Richard Vincent Macaraeg (September 27, 1952 – September 6, 1998) was an American-born Filipino singer recording artist, singer-songwriter, actor, teacher, journalist and historian, who became popular in the Philippines.
Early life
Ric Segreto was born in Brooklyn, New York City to Bridget Segreto, an Italian-American and Godofredo G. Macaraeg, a Filipino. Ric, the second son of five brothers and one sister was raised for the first five years of his life in New York by his mother, a dietician at a New York hospital and his father, an abdominal surgeon.
Ric's father, born in Malasiqui, Pangasinan, educated at the University of Santo Tomas in Manila, was a medic with the rank of captain in the Philippine Army during World War II. He was captured by Japanese soldiers and made to march in the Bataan Death March and was imprisoned on Corregidor Island. After the War, Dr. Macaraeg traveled to the United States and attended Johns Hopkins University. Dr. Macaraeg was the first Filipino diplomate to the F.A.C.S.
Both Ric's parents' love for music influenced his interest in music and singing. The family moved to the Philippines in 1957, where his father set up a physician's practice. Ric went to Lourdes School of Quezon City. In 1959, the family relocated to Guam, where growing up in a milder environment furthered Ric's interest in the performing arts. Ric played in a rock band with his elder brother Gordon, ages 12 and 13, and with grandsons of Filipino composer Nicanor Abelardo. Ric's band, The Asteroids, played in bars patronized by military personnel.
Ric was later sent back to the Philippines to attend high school at the Ateneo de Manila. While there, he became friends with Lito de Joya, Sonny Santiago, Gus Cosio, Renato Garcia, Chito Kintanar, Kenny Barton, Bruce Brown, Butch Dans, Kinjo Sawada, Goff Macaraeg, Doden Besa, Jim Paredes, and Boboy Garovillo, that became the original APO Hiking Society. After a year at the Ateneo, Ric returned to Guam. He then formed another band that included his brother Goff, Victor James, Dean Sampaio, and Joe Guererro, called the Salvation Army, singing and playing all over the island during weekends until he completed his high school. Going to college made Ric look to the States and choosing Creighton University in Omaha, Nebraska, where he majored in history. During his college years, Ric played in bar bands for military service men in Bellevue, Nebraska (home to Offutt Air Force Base) and acted in college plays.
Early career
After graduation in 1974 at the age of 22, he toured the US with a show band, singing and playing bass guitar at Mountain Shadows in Scottsdale, Arizona, Harvey's in Reno and clubs in Las Vegas, Nevada. Meeting up with another show band bound for Japan out of San Diego, California, Ric played for Japanese audiences during the early 80's.
Later career
Yearning to reconnect with his Filipino roots, Ric left Japan and went to the Philippines. He played in a few clubs singing until he was discovered by the VICOR record company. His first hit, "Kahit Konting Pagtingin" in 1982, was an immediate favorite and launched his career as a Filipino recording artist. Performing many television shows and concerts local and overseas.
Teaching and journalism
A lover of history and education Ric's fondness for the written word led him to take a break from performing and dedicate some of his passion to teaching and writing. Touching base with his other home, Ric became a teacher in Guam and endeavored to enlighten high school students with his flair for history. He submitted sociology articles to a local Philippine magazine, MAN Magazine, after returning to the Philippines to record another album. Ric was also working on a thesis that addressed the Philippine music industry.
While teaching in Guam, Ric supplemented his free time performing in local beach bars and night clubs with his younger brother Gordon. Ric's sibling expressed some consternation at Ric's reluctance to practice and the latter's overt willingness to play songs they had never played before; perhaps Ric's way to sharpen his brother Gordon's musical abilities, but caused many embarrassing moments. Ric was also known for having Gordon start a set and then even before the first verse was started Ric would say, "I'll be right back". Well into the song Gordon would find Ric sitting at the bar enjoying a beer and happily waving at him from the audience. The band Ric and Gordon started was called the Bunelos Brothers, (name provided by Gordon). Ric, being the assumed professional he was, thought that name was perfect for their little music project (not too serious but enough to provoke controversy). The Bunelos Brothers were a regular feature at Tahiti Rama, Barney's Beach House and The Signature Pub. Their repertoire consisted mainly of Beatles music, easy listing tunes, MOR, and ballads. Their voices were homogenous and harmonies came very easily for them. Just like brothers all over the globe, not every decision was 100% mutual. There were fights on stage but most of them were mainly scowling looks and failures to sing back up. In some cases Gordon would get even with Ric and refuse to play. Ric would give his brother the "I'm going to kill you look" but Gordon knew his bark was worse than his bite. The Bunelos Brothers played together for 3 years going through an assortment of other members, including their eldest brother Goff.
Death
On September 6, 1998, at around 12:15 pm, on a Sunday, Ric was riding his motorcycle from his home in Makati. He was killed in an accident over the then-under-construction Makati–Buendia Flyover bridgeway, when he either ran into or was hit by a steel bar. He died on the same day as his fellow singer, Willy Garte, who also died in an accident 12 hours earlier after being run over by a truck. He was 3 weeks short of his 46th birthday.
He was survived by his wife Erica and their son Darby Macaraeg.
He was buried in San Ildefonso Catholic Cemetery in
Malasiqui, Pangasinan.
Discography
At the time Ric's career took off the trend in the Philippines had shifted back to English original Filipino songs. He collaborated with Levi Celerio, Odette Quesada, Bodjie Dasig, Gerry Paraiso and Amado Trivino.
Ric's recorded two original albums, namely Segreto, followed by Man of the Hour. Since then there have been several compilation albums.
These are the many songs he released during his career that continue to be enjoyed by many of his fans and listeners.
1. Kahit Konting Pagtingin
2. Don't Know What To Say (Don't Know What To Do)
3. Give Me A Chance
4. Touched by the Rainbow
5. Angela
6. Come Back To Me
7. Do Ya, Do Ya Ever, Do Ya?
8. Man of the Hour
9. Hold On To My Love
10. All I Wanna Do
11. Slippin' Away
12. Even Just Once More
13. Stay
14. I Need You
15. I Thought She Was You
16. Since You Said Goodbye
17. Nang Dahil Sa Iyo
18. Labis Din Kaya?
19. Dasal
20. Loving You
Ric can also be heard doing back-up vocals for the band RP (Rock Project) for Bob Aves & Goff Macaraeg
for the song Run
Filmography
May Minamahal (1993) as Himself / Performer of "Don't Know What To Do (Don't Know What To Say)" a.k.a. "Hopeless Romantic"
Nine Deaths of the Ninja (1985) as PC Trooper
Missing in Action (1984) as GI
Notes
References
External links
1952 births
1998 deaths
Musicians from Brooklyn
20th-century Filipino male singers
Manila sound musicians
American emigrants to the Philippines
American musicians of Filipino descent
Road incident deaths in the Philippines
APO Hiking Society members
20th-century Filipino male actors
Filipino people of Italian descent
Vicor Music artists
Stonewater Golf Club is a semi-private regulation golf course and facility built in 1996 in Highland Heights, Ohio. Designed by Michael Hurdzan and Dana Fry, the course covers . Sixteen of the eighteen holes have water hazards which necessitated 23 wooden bridges. The course is also well wooded, with seventy sand bunkers. Its par is 71. The course is designed around the residential neighborhood of Aberdeen.
Nationwide Tour
The course has a three-year contract (2005-2007) with the Nationwide Tour, in which the golf course holds a stop of the tour during the summer.
Titles
2005 - Cleveland Open. Was not aired on TV.
2006 - Legend Financial Group Classic. Aired August 31 - September 3 on The Golf Channel.
2007 - Legend Financial Group Classic. To be aired July 5–8 on The Golf Channel.
References
Official Site
Entry for Stonewater on Golflink
Correct Nationwide Tour event name is Legend Financial Group Classic as of July 2006
Buildings and structures in Cuyahoga County, Ohio
Golf clubs and courses in Ohio
1966 establishments in Ohio
"Love U" is a song by South Korean singer Chungha, serving as the lead single of her third EP, Blooming Blue.
Composition
The breezy “Love U” is guided by fizzy synths and bright melodies as Chungha expresses her desire. “I just wanna, wanna love you,” she croons during the chorus.
Music video
In the music video for "Love U," Chungha is seen reflecting on the passion that she feels and wishing upon falling stars and glowing stones as she dreams of her romance. Much of the song is relayed as the singer spends time looking into the camera, ostensibly acting as the perspective of her beloved, roaming around looking at nature, and performing the song's vibrant, hip-shaking choreography.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Accolades
Notes
References
2018 singles
2018 songs
Chungha songs
MNH Entertainment singles
Korean-language songs
Walter C. Carrington (July 24, 1930 – August 11, 2020) was an American diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Senegal and Nigeria.
Carrington served as the U.S. Ambassador to Senegal from 1980 to 1981. He was appointed by U.S. President Bill Clinton in 1993 as the U.S. Ambassador to Nigeria, where he remained until 1997. His ties to Nigeria were deep; he had married into a Nigerian family and had lived in three Nigerian cities since the late 1960s.
Career
Carrington graduated from the Harvard Law School (AB 1952; JD 1955). Upon graduation from Harvard, he enlisted in the U.S. Army, where one of his assignments was as an enlisted man with the Judge Advocate General Corps (Germany, 1955–57). Upon separation from the military, he entered a private law practice in Boston, Massachusetts; during that time, he also served as Commissioner of the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination, the youngest person to serve until that date. He held various positions in the Peace Corps from 1961 to 1971, serving as Country Director in Sierra Leone, Senegal, and Tunisia and then as Regional Director for Africa (1969–71). From 1971 to 1980, he was Executive Vice President of the African-American Institute.
Carrington served as the United States Ambassador to the Republic of Senegal from 1980 to 1981. In 1981, he was named Director of the Department of International Affairs of Howard University. He published several articles on Africa. He served as U.S. Ambassador to Nigeria from 1993 to 1997. On September 1, 2004, Carrington was named the Warburg Professor of International Relations at Simmons College in Boston.
Carrington was a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. In 1997, he received an honorary doctorate (Doctor of Humane Letters) from Livingstone College, North Carolina.
In 1991, Carrington published Africa in the Minds and Deeds of Black American Leaders (with Edwin Dorn). In 2010, he published A Duty to Speak: Refusing to Remain Silent in a Time of Tyranny, a compilation of his speeches supporting democracy and human rights in Nigeria during the Sani Abacha military dictatorship. He also wrote many Africa-related articles for national magazines.
References
Ambassadors of the United States to Senegal
Ambassadors of the United States to Nigeria
1930 births
2020 deaths
Lawyers from Boston
Lawyers from New York City
Military personnel from New York City
Harvard Law School alumni
African-American diplomats
Peace Corps directors
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
Agroeca is a genus of liocranid sac spiders that was first described by Niklas Westring in 1861.
Species
it contains thirty-four species, found in Africa, Asia, Europe, North America, Colombia, and Peru:
Agroeca agrestis Ponomarev, 2007 – Kazakhstan
Agroeca annulipes Simon, 1878 – Spain, France (Corsica), Italy (Sardinia), Morocco, Algeria
Agroeca aureoplumata Keyserling, 1879 – Colombia
Agroeca batangensis Mu, Jin & Zhang, 2019 – China
Agroeca bonghwaensis Seo, 2011 – Korea
Agroeca brunnea (Blackwall, 1833) – Europe, Turkey, Russia (Europe to the Far East), China, Japan
Agroeca coreana Namkung, 1989 – Russia (Far East), China, Korea, Japan
Agroeca cuprea Menge, 1873 – Europe, Caucasus, Russia (Europe to South Siberia), Central Asia
Agroeca debilis O. Pickard-Cambridge, 1885 – China (Yarkand)
Agroeca dentigera Kulczyński, 1913 – Europe, Turkey, China
Agroeca dubiosissima (Strand, 1908) – Peru
Agroeca flavens O. Pickard-Cambridge, 1885 – China (Yarkand)
Agroeca gangotrae Biswas & Roy, 2008 – India
Agroeca guttulata Simon, 1897 – Central Asia
Agroeca inopina O. Pickard-Cambridge, 1886 – Europe, Algeria
Agroeca kamurai Hayashi, 1992 – China, Japan
Agroeca kastoni Chamberlin & Ivie, 1944 – USA
Agroeca lata Mu, Jin & Zhang, 2019 – China
Agroeca lusatica (L. Koch, 1875) – Europe, Russia (Europe to South Siberia), Kazakhstan
Agroeca maculata L. Koch, 1879 – Russia (Europe to the Far East), Kazakhstan
Agroeca maghrebensis Bosmans, 1999 – Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia
Agroeca mainlingensis Mu, Jin & Zhang, 2019 – China
Agroeca makarovae Esyunin, 2008 – Russia (Europe)
Agroeca minuta Banks, 1895 – USA
Agroeca mongolica Schenkel, 1936 – Mongolia, China, Korea
Agroeca montana Hayashi, 1986 – Russia (Far East), China, Korea, Japan
Agroeca nigra Mu, Jin & Zhang, 2019 – China
Agroeca ornata Banks, 1892 – USA, Canada, Russia (Middle Siberia to the Far East)
Agroeca parva Bosmans, 2011 – Greece, Turkey, Israel
Agroeca pratensis Emerton, 1890 – USA, Canada
Agroeca proxima (O. Pickard-Cambridge, 1871) (type) – Europe, Turkey, Russia (Europe to South Siberia)
Agroeca spinifera Kaston, 1938 – USA
Agroeca trivittata (Keyserling, 1887) – USA
Agroeca tumida Mu, Jin & Zhang, 2019 – China
See also
List of Liocranidae species
Gallery
References
Araneomorphae genera
Corinnidae
Cosmopolitan spiders
Liocranidae
Margaret Valadian (born 1936) is an Aboriginal Australian educator and advocate for Indigenous rights, through improved access to education.
Career
Valadian was born in Darwin, Northern Territory in 1936. Following employment as a welfare worker in the Northern Territory she moved to Brisbane where she was the first Aboriginal graduate of an Australian university when she received her Bachelor of Social Studies from the University of Queensland in 1966. She graduated from the University of Hawaiʻi at the East–West Center with a Master of Education in 1969 and then from the State University of New York with a Master of Social Welfare in 1973.
While an undergraduate, Valadian spoke of the financial obstacles facing Aboriginal students wishing to attend university at the 1963 conference of the National Union of Australian University Students.
In 1978 Valadian founded the Aboriginal Training and Cultural Institute in Sydney and acted as co-director with Natasha McNamara from its inception until 1990. Professor Charles Rowley, who had conducted a national survey of Aborigines in NSW in 1980, said of their work:
Under the auspices of the Australian Institute of Aboriginal Studies, Valadian gave the 1980 Wentworth lecture, "Aboriginal Education: For Aborigines, By Aborigines?"
Valadian was a member of the Council of the Sydney College of the Arts from 1984 to 1988. She was appointed a member of the NSW Equal Opportunity Tribunal in 1984 and re-appointed for a second three-year term in 1987.
In 1991 Valadian was invited to give the sixth Frank Archibald Memorial Lecture at the University of New England, the title of her speech being "Aboriginal Education—Development or Destruction. The Issues and Challenges that have to be Recognised".
Honours and recognition
In the 1976 Queen's Birthday Honours Valadian was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire for service to Aboriginal welfare. She was promoted to Officer of the Order of Australia in the 1986 Australia Day Honours for "service to the community, particularly in the field of Aboriginal education and culture". She was awarded the Centenary Medal in 2001.
Valadian won a BHP award for the pursuit of excellence in 1984, receiving AU$40,000 for her community service and welfare work.
In 1995 Valadian was awarded an honorary Doctor of Letters by Macquarie University. She was named University of Queensland Alumnus of the Year in 1996.
References
External links
Before the Referendum: Margaret Valadian speaks up – 1967 interview by Robert Moore on Four Corners
No Sisterhood: Aboriginal Feminism '75 – excerpt from "A Woman's Place", Four Corners, 8 March 1975
1936 births
Living people
Australian women academics
Indigenous Australian women academics
Australian Members of the Order of the British Empire
Officers of the Order of Australia
University of Queensland alumni
University of Hawaiʻi alumni
State University of New York alumni
Nattakit Fongwitoo (), (born 4 January 1993) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a forward. He played six times for Port F.C. during the 2015 Thai Premier League season.
References
External links
http://player.7mth.com/305860/index.shtml
https://www.siamsporttalk.com/th/league/player/1260.html
1993 births
Living people
Nattakit Fongwitoo
Association football forwards
Nattakit Fongwitoo
Nattakit Fongwitoo
Nattakit Fongwitoo
Nattakit Fongwitoo
Gary Woolcombe (born 4 August 1982) is a British former professional boxer who competed from 2003 to 2009. He held the British super welterweight title from 2007 to 2008.
Professional boxing record
References
1982 births
Living people
English male boxers
People from Lewisham
Boxers from Greater London
Light-middleweight boxers
Valisia LeKae (born September 25, 1979) is an American actress and singer. She was nominated for a 2014 Grammy Award and in 2013 she was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Lead Actress in a Musical both for her performance as Diana Ross in the Broadway musical Motown: The Musical.
Personal life
LeKae was born and raised in Memphis, Tennessee, and listened to Motown records in her grandfather's barbershop as a youngster. She started to sing in church at age six and then worked at the Dollywood theme park. LeKae graduated from college with a degree in Psychology and minor in Child and Family Studies from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville.
LeKae left Motown: The Musical in December 2013 to be treated after a diagnosis of ovarian cancer.
In February 2014, LeKae was named spokesperson for The National Ovarian Cancer Coalition.
Career
She starred as Diana Ross in Motown: The Musical on Broadway, which opened in April 2013. The reviewer for TheaterMania wrote of her performance in Motown: The Musical:The one person who truly shines, though, is Valisia LeKae as Gordy's longtime paramour, superstar Diana Ross. It's not just her almost spot-on re-creation of Miss Ross' breathy voice and steely demeanor that commands our attention. The consistent display of her genuine star power – most evident in a thrilling 'Reach Out and Touch' segment – also draws us in. The TalkinBroadway reviewer wrote: "Valisia LeKae does a killer impersonation of Ross, and effectively mimics her smoky innocence."
For her performance she was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical. She was also nominated for a Drama League Award (Distinguished Performance Award) and Outer Critics Circle Award (Outstanding Actress in a Musical) and won the Theatre World Award (Outstanding Broadway or Off-Broadway debut performance).
Previously, she was a swing and understudy in the Broadway productions of The Book of Mormon (2011), Ragtime (2009) for which she was the winner of a Joseph Jefferson Award, and The Threepenny Opera (2006) and a performer in 110 in the Shade (2007).
References
External links
1979 births
American musical theatre actresses
20th-century African-American women singers
Musicians from Memphis, Tennessee
Living people
Theatre World Award winners
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
The 1983 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1983 NCAA Division I-A football season. With a 45–26 win over LSU, Bulldog quarterback John Bond became the first and only quarterback to register four wins over LSU.
Schedule
Personnel
Season summary
Mississippi State
"The Immaculate Deflection" - Artie Crosby missed a 27-yard field goal attempt with 24 seconds left when 40 mile-per-hour winds knocked down the football before it could pass the crossbar.
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Steve or Stephen Masters may refer to:
Stephen Masters (cricketer), English cricketer who flourished in the 1810s
Stephen Masters (rower) (born 1969), Danish lightweight rower
Steve Masters (DJ), American radio and club DJ
The Satin Slipper (Le soulier de satin) is a 1985 Portuguese-French drama film based on the play by Paul Claudel. It was directed by Manoel de Oliveira and screened at the 42nd Venice International Film Festival.
Cast
Luís Miguel Cintra as Don Rodrigue
Patricia Barzyk as Dona Prouhèze
Anne Consigny as Marie des Sept-Épées
Anne Gautier as Dona Musique
Bernard Alane as Le vice-roi de Naples
Jean-Pierre Bernard as Don Camille
Marie-Christine Barrault as La lune
Isabelle Weingarten as L'Ange Gardien
Henri Serre as The First King
Jean-Yves Berteloot as The Second King
Catherine Jarret as The Actress
Awards
42nd Venice International Film Festival
Sergio Trasatti Award
References
External links
1985 films
French drama films
1980s French-language films
1985 drama films
Films directed by Manoel de Oliveira
Films produced by Paulo Branco
Portuguese drama films
1986 drama films
1986 films
1980s French films
Ralph David Farrer (born May 1944) is a retired Anglican bishop. He was formerly the Bishop of Wangaratta in the Anglican Church of Australia and more recently a vicar in the Church of England.
Early life and education
Farrer was born in Surrey, England, and moved to Melbourne, Australia, with his family at a young age. After secondary school at Mentone Grammar School he attended a horticultural college in Melbourne, completing his apprenticeship as a horticulturalist before beginning training for the ordained ministry in Adelaide in 1965.
Ministry
Farrer was ordained a priest in 1969 and served in several parishes, as a canon of St Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, the Archdeacon of La Trobe and later as the Archdeacon of Melbourne and chaplain to the Parliament of Victoria.
Farrer's commitment to community work in Australia earned him the title of Citizen of the Year in Brunswick in 1983 "for work with the unemployed and homeless" and Commander of Merit with the Order of St Lazarus in 1994, for launching a street ministry initiative, the Lazarus Centre, in Melbourne.
Farrer was consecrated as bishop in 1998 at St Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne and then enthroned as Bishop of Wangaratta at Holy Trinity Cathedral in Wangaratta, a rural diocese in Victoria. During his time in Wangaratta he helped to establish four low-fee Anglican schools in the diocese.
In 2008 Farrer was appointed vicar of the combined parishes of St Nicholas' Church, Arundel and St Leonard's Church, South Stoke, West Sussex and as an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Chichester in England; he retired from both posts in 2015 and returned to Australia. He is married to Helen Farrer.
References
People educated at Mentone Grammar School
Archdeacons of Melbourne
Anglican bishops of Wangaratta
20th-century Anglican bishops in Australia
Street ministry
1944 births
Living people
21st-century Church of England clergy
MacRae or Macrae may refer to:
People
Surname
Alexander MacRae (c. 1888–1938), Australian entrepreneur and clothing manufacturer
Alistair Macrae (b. 1957), Australian clergyman
Allan MacRae (1902–1997), American theologian
Andrew MacRae (soccer) (born 1990), Canadian soccer player
Angus MacRae (b.1967) Moderator of the General Assembly of the Free Church of Scotland 2018
Bill Macrae, British musician
Calum MacRae (b. 1980), rugby union coach
Callum Macrae, Scottish journalist and filmmaker
Danny MacRae, Scottish shinty player
Dave MacRae (b. 1940), New Zealand keyboardist
Donald MacRae (1916–2006), Canadian astronomer
Donnchadh MacRath, also known as Duncan MacRae of Inverinate, 17th-century poet
Duncan Macrae (rugby union) (1914–2007) Scottish rugby union player
Duncan MacRae (rugby league) (1934–2019), New Zealand rugby league player
Duncan Macrae (actor) (1905–1967), Scottish actor and comedian
Ebenezer James MacRae (1881–1951), Scottish architect
Elizabeth MacRae (b. 1936), American actress
Emma Fordyce MacRae (1887–1974), American painter
Finlay MacRae (b. 1986), Scottish shinty player
George W. MacRae, Florida Supreme Court Justice
Gordon MacRae (1921–1986), American actor and singer
Heather MacRae (b. 1946), American actress
Helen MacRae (active 1909–1914), British suffragette
Henry MacRae (1876–1944), Canadian film director, producer and screenwriter
Jade MacRae, Australian soul singer
James Macrae (1677–1744), Governor of Madras 1725–1730
James MacRae Scottish botanist]] (TK - 1830), Botanist aboard the Voyage of the H.M.S. Blonde (1824–25)
John Chester MacRae (1912–1997), Canadian teacher, soldier and politician
John David MacRae (1876–1967), Canadian politician
John MacRae-Gilstrap (1861–1937), British soldier who restored Eilean Donan Castle
Josh Macrae, British drummer and record producer
Keith MacRae (b. 1951), Scottish footballer
Leah MacRae, Scottish actress
Margaret Macrae, New Zealand swimmer
Meredith MacRae (1944–2000), American actress
Mike MacRae, American comedian and voice actor
Neil MacRae (b. 1972) Scottish cricketer
Norman Macrae (1923–2010), British economist and writer
Renee MacRae (b. 1940), Scottish woman who disappeared in 1976
Scott MacRae (b. 1974), American Major League Baseball player
Sheila MacRae, English television actress
Stuart Macrae (footballer) (1855–1927), English international footballer
Stuart MacRae (composer) (b. 1976), Scottish composer
Stuart Macrae (inventor), British inventor and Army officer
Tom MacRae, British television writer
William MacRae (1834–1882), officer in the Confederate States Army
Willie McRae (1923–1985), Scottish nationalist best remembered for the mystery surrounding his death
Peter Francis-Macrae (b. 1982), English spammer
Given name
James Macrae Aitken (1908–1983), Scottish chess player
Colin Macrae Ingersoll (1819–1903), U.S. Representative from Connecticut
Other uses
Clan MacRae, a Scottish clan
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, a law firm
MV Empire MacRae, a grain ship
John Macrae Books, an imprint of Henry Holt and Company
See also
McRae (disambiguation)
McCrae (disambiguation)
McCrea (disambiguation)
Scottish surnames
The 2015 VTV Cup Championship will be the 12th staging of the international tournament. The tournament will be held at the Bạc Liêu Gymnasium in Bạc Liêu, Vietnam.
Pool composition
6 teams are set to participate at the tournament.
(hosts)
Nanjing University
Liaoning Volleyball Club
April 25 Sports Club
Preliminary round
|}
|}
|}
|}
|}
|}
Fixtures: Thể Thao Việt Nam
Final round
Bracket
Semifinals
|}
5th place
|}
3rd place
|}
Final
|}
Final standing
|}
Awards
Most Valuable Player
Jong Jin Sim
Best Outside Spikers
Chatchu-on Moksri
Ajcharaporn Kongyot
Best Setter
Lao Meiqi
Best Opposite Spiker
Ju Un Hyang
Best Middle Blockers
Thatdao Nuekjang
Nguyễn Thị Ngọc Hoa
Best Libero
Gong Meizi
Miss VTV Cup 2015
Nguyễn Linh Chi
References
VTV International Women's Volleyball Cup
VTV Cup
VTV Cup
José María Cruz Novillo (Cuenca, 1936) is a Spanish sculptor, engraver, painter and designer.
Cruz Novillo began painting in his native town in 1950 and in 1958 moved to Madrid..
He designed many logos. Among them, that of the newspaper El Mundo, the fist and rose of PSOE, radiochain COPE, Spanish post service, Endesa, Banco Pastor, Repsol, Fundación ONCE, Diario 16, Antena 3 Radio, the first logo of Antena 3 TV, El Economista, Renfe railways, Spanish police Cuerpo Nacional de Policía, Tesoro Público. He designed a series of peseta bills. He also co-authored the coat of arms and the flag of the Comunidad de Madrid, with Santiago Amón Hortelano. His studio won the contest for the new institutional identity of the Government of Spain
He also designed film posters for Barrio, Los lunes al Sol, El Sur, El Espíritu de la Colmena, Pascual Duarte, El Año de las Luces, Mamá Cumple 100 Años, Hay que matar a B., La escopeta nacional, Familia and others, mostly those produced by Elías Querejeta.
He chaired the Spanish Association of Design Professionals (Asociación Española de Profesionales del Diseño, AEPD). He is also an honor fellow of the Madrid association di_mad.
As a sculptor, he has participated in the São Paulo Art Biennial, World Fair of New York and art fairs such as FIAC (art), Basel Art, Art Cologne and since 1985 in most editions of ARCO.
Cruz Novillo has focused since the early 1990s on the development of the "Diafragma" concept. Under this concept many of his works combine a variable number of monochrome, sound, photographic or tri-dimensional elements. In 2008 he finished the "Diafragma Decafónico de Dígitos" ("Decaphonic Diaphragm of Digits") for the façade of the main building of the National Institute of Statistics of Spain, in Madrid, after its reform by Ruiz-Larrea y Asociados. This work adds sound to produce synesthesia. In ARCO'10 he presented "Diafragma dodecafónico 8.916.100.448.256, opus 14", a "chronochromophonic" work that can be played for 3,392,732 years.
En 2007, Cruz Novillo founded the studio Cruz más Cruz with his son Pepe (designer and architect).
In November 2006 he joined the Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando.
The logo of the fist with a rose
His 1977 logo for the PSOE has inspired (without the party's authorization) the logos of the Socialist Party of Albania, the Democratic Labor Party of Brazil, the Socialist Party of Argentina and the Socialist International.
It was based of an interpretation by Didier Motchane of the socialist symbol agreed by the Épinay congress of 1971.
Gallery
Logos
banknotes
Prizes
Premio Nacional de Diseño (1997)
LAUS Prize (1978)
AEPD Prize (1993, 1995, 1996 y 2001)
Premio Nacional de Pintura CCM (2002)
FAD Medal (2006)
Prize of the Society of News Design to the best designed masthead for his work for the newspaper El Economista (2006)
Premio Castilla-La Mancha de Diseño (2008)
Medalla de Oro al Mérito en las Bellas Artes (2012)
Premio Gráffica (2017)
References
External links
Web oficial
Diafragma dodecafónico Opus 14
Conferencia en el Blanc Festival 2013
Conferencia en el MAD by Domestika 2014
Entrevista en el programa "Capitulares" de TVE
Discurso de ingreso en la Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando, 24 mayo 2009
Graphic designers
21st-century Spanish painters
20th-century Spanish painters
20th-century Spanish sculptors
20th-century Spanish male artists
Spanish male sculptors
Sculptors from Castilla–La Mancha
1936 births
Living people
21st-century Spanish male artists
American Samoa competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
Boxing
Men
Weightlifting
Men
References
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1992 Summer Olympics
1992
1992 in American Samoan sports
The Mono Lake Committee (MLC) is an environmental organization based in Lee Vining, California in the United States. Its mission is to preserve Mono Lake, by reducing diversions of water from the Eastern Sierra watersheds by the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power (LADWP).
Mono Lake
Mono Lake is an alkaline lake east of Yosemite National Park, largely fed by streams from the Sierra Nevada; it has no natural outlet. In 1919 the level of the lake peaked at 6427' above sea level. Birds bred and nested on a few volcanic islands in the lake, sustained by the extensive brine shrimp and alkali flies, which also attracted large numbers of migratory birds.
In 1941, the LADWP began redirecting water from the streams feeding Mono Lake into the Los Angeles Aqueduct. As time passed, this both reduced the level of the lake and dried out the lower sections of the source streams. By 1981 the level of the lake had been reduced to 6372' above sea level, with the lake's volume cut in half, and its salinity doubled. Negit Island, a breeding site for birds, developed a land bridge and became susceptible to land-based predators such as coyotes.
Formation of the Mono Lake Committee
In 1975, David Winkler, Jefferson Burch, and Christine Weigen obtained a grant from the NSF, with help and encouragement from ecologist David Gaines, to study the ecology of Mono Lake. Gaines had found that, starting in 1941, LADWP's diversions of water from Mono Lake's inflow creeks had caused it to lose half its volume and double its salinity. These changes, Gaines reported, reduced the ability of the lake to support its saline ecosystem. During 1976–1977, Gaines witnessed the lake's water level drop even further, and he determined to take action.
The committee was founded in March 1978 by Gaines, David Winkler, Sally Judy and Mark Ross. Gray Brechin soon became the committee's first director; he joined Gaines and others in lobbying California politicians
Mono Lake is an important habitat for migratory birds (including the California gull). The lowering of the water level endangered the bird nesting grounds on Negit Island in the middle of the lake: a land bridge had formed, which allowed predators to attack the bird nests.
LADWP Lawsuit
In 1979, the MLC, along with the Audubon Society filed suit in Mono County, California Superior Court, claiming that LADWP's water diversions violated the public trust doctrine: that all navigable water must be managed for the benefit of everyone. In 1983, MLC won the argument in front of the California Supreme Court, who directed that the public trust doctrine overrides prior water rights.
Bruce Dodge, of Morrison and Foerster, served as the pro-bono attorney in the case.
Eventually, multiple litigations were adjudicated in 1994, by the California State Water Resources Control Board. In that ruling, LADWP was required to let enough water into Mono Lake to raise the lake level above the then-current level of below the 1941 level. As of 2018, the water level in Mono Lake has risen of the required . Los Angeles made up for the lost water through state-funded conservation and recycling projects.
Current Status and Activities
The Mono Lake Committee currently monitors the status of the lake and the compliance of the LADWP with the court decision, supports scientific research in the Mono Lake region, and is actively working on restoring the incoming stream environments. They also provide extensive educational activities to schools and the general public, and maintain an office, information center, and bookstore in Lee Vining, CA that also serves as the Lee Vining Chamber of Commerce.
See also
Mono Lake
Water resources
Water reuse in California
References
External links
Archival website containing many original documents relating to the Mono Lake Committee and the lawsuit.
Environmental organizations based in California
Mono County, California
Sierra Nevada (United States)
Water organizations in the United States
Los Angeles Aqueduct
1978 establishments in California
FC Fortuna Sharhorod is an amateur Ukrainian football club from Sharhorod, Vinnytsia Oblast.
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|}
Amateur football clubs in Ukraine
Football clubs in Vinnytsia Oblast
Softie may refer to:
Softie (2020 film), Kenyan documentary
Softie (2021 film), French coming-of-age film
The North–South model, developed largely by Columbia University economics professor Ronald Findlay, is a model in developmental economics that explains the growth of a less developed "South" or "periphery" economy that interacts through trade with a more developed "North" or "core" economy. The North–South model is used by dependencia theorists as a theoretical economic justification for dependency theory.
Assumptions
The model makes a few critical assumptions about the North and the South, as well as the relationship between the two.
The Northern economy is operating under Solow-Swan assumptions while the Southern economy is operating under Lewis growth assumptions. However, for the purposes of simplicity of this model, the output of the traditional sector of the Lewis model is ignored, and we equate output in the modern sector of the South to total output of the South.
The more developed North produces manufactured goods while the less developed South produces primary goods. These are the only two goods.
Both economies undergo complete specialization
There are no barriers to trade, and only two trading partners
Income elasticity of demand equals unity in both countries, so economic growth results in a proportionate growth in demand.
The South depends on the imported goods from the North in order to produce its own goods. This is because the heavy machinery required for production of primary products comes only from the North. The relationship is nonreciprocal, however; the North does not depend on the South, since it can use its own heavy machinery to produce manufactured goods.
Theory
The North–South model begins by defining the relevant equations for the economies of each country, and concludes that the growth rate of the South is locked by the growth rate of the North. This conclusion relies heavily on an analysis of the terms of trade between the two countries; i.e., the price ratio between manufactures and primary products. The terms of trade, , are defined as
To determine equilibrium, we need only to look at the market for one of the goods, as per Walras' law. We consider the market for the South's goods: primary products. The demand for imports, M, from the South is a positive function of per capita consumption in the North and a negative function of the terms of trade, , (higher means relative price of primary products is high and less will be demanded). The supply side comes from export of primary products by the South, X, and is a positive function of the terms of trade and the South's aggregate consumption of primary products.
This graph makes it clear that the real terms of trade decreases when the growth rate is higher in the South than in the North (because, thanks to unity in elasticity of demand, the export line would shift to the right faster than the import line). The resultant decrease in the terms of trade, however, means a lower growth rate for the South. This creates a negative feedback cycle in which the growth rate of the South is exogenously determined by that of the North. Note that the growth rate of the north, gn, is equal to n + m, where n is population growth and m is growth of labor-augmenting technical progress, as per the Solow-Swan model.
The conclusion, which fits in with dependency theory, is that the South can never grow faster than the North, and thus will never catch up.
Relationship to import substitution theories
Economic theories such as the North–South model have been used to justify arguments for import substitution. Under this theory, less developed countries should use barriers to trade such as protective tariffs to shelter their industries from foreign competition and allow them to grow to the point where they will be able to compete globally.
It is important to note, however, that the North–South model only applies to countries that are completely specialized; that is, they are not competing with foreign markets – they are the only ones producing whichever good they are producing. The way around the terms of trade trap predicted by the North–South model is to produce goods that do compete with foreign goods. For example, the Asian Tigers are famous for pursuing development strategies that involved using their comparative advantage in labor to produce labor-intensive goods like textiles more efficiently than the United States and Europe.
See also
North–South divide
References
Notes
Economics models
Economic globalization
Imperialism studies
Arthur William Hitchins (1 December 1913 – 10 October 1975) was a professional footballer who played for Walthamstow Avenue, Lee Bridge Gasworks, Tottenham Hotspur, Northfleet United, Tottenham Hotspur.
Football career
Hitchins began his career at Walthamstow Avenue before joining Tottenham Hotspur in 1934. Hitchins had a spell with Tottenham's nursery side Northfleet United and returned to White Hart Lane in 1937. The centre half went on to feature in 42 matches and scored on one occasion for the "Lilywhites" in all competitions between 1937 and 1939.
References
1913 births
1975 deaths
Sportspeople from Devonport, Plymouth
English footballers
Walthamstow Avenue F.C. players
English Football League players
Northfleet United F.C. players
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
Watford F.C. wartime guest players
Association football defenders
Rhinostomus is a genus of the true weevil family, Curculionidae and the monotypic tribe Rhinostomini. They include "yucca weevils" and were previously placed in a
genus called Yuccaborus; in 2002, this was determined to be a taxonomic synonym of Rhinostomus, and the species, Y. frontalis, was moved to the genus Rhinostomus.
Species
Rhinostomus barbirostris
Rhinostomus frontalis - formerly Yuccaborus frontalis
Rhinostomus meldolae
Rhinostomus niger
Rhinostomus oblitus
Rhinostomus quadrisignatus
Rhinostomus scrutator
Rhinostomus thompsoni
References
Gwannon
Patricia Vaurie Weevils of the Tribe Sipalini (Coleoptera, Curculionidae, Rhynchophorinae) Part 1. The Genera Rhinostomus and Yuccaborus
Key to species of Rhinostomus
Morrone, J.J., Cuevas, P.I. (2002) Cladistics of the pantropical genus Rhinostomus (Coleoptera: Curculionoidea: Dryophthoridae) with nomenclatural notes
External links
Curculionidae genera
Dryophthorinae
Tamarind (Tamarindus indica) is a leguminous tree bearing edible fruit that is probably indigenous to tropical Africa. The genus Tamarindus is monotypic, meaning that it contains only this species. It belongs to the family Fabaceae.
The tamarind tree produces brown, pod-like fruits that contain a sweet, tangy pulp, which is used in cuisines around the world. The pulp is also used in traditional medicine and as a metal polish. The tree's wood can be used for woodworking and tamarind seed oil can be extracted from the seeds. Tamarind's tender young leaves are used in Indian and Filipino cuisine. Because tamarind has multiple uses, it is cultivated around the world in tropical and subtropical zones.
Description
The tamarind is a long-lived, medium-growth tree, which attains a maximum crown height of . The crown has an irregular, vase-shaped outline of dense foliage. The tree grows well in full sun. It prefers clay, loam, sandy, and acidic soil types, with a high resistance to drought and aerosol salt (wind-borne salt as found in coastal areas).
The evergreen leaves are alternately arranged and pinnately lobed. The leaflets are bright green, elliptic-ovular, pinnately veined, and less than in length. The branches droop from a single, central trunk as the tree matures, and are often pruned in agriculture to optimize tree density and ease of fruit harvest. At night, the leaflets close up.
As a tropical species, it is frost-sensitive. The pinnate leaves with opposite leaflets give a billowing effect in the wind. Tamarind timber consists of hard, dark red heartwood and softer, yellowish sapwood.
The tamarind flowers (although inconspicuously), with red and yellow elongated flowers. Flowers are 2.5 cm (1 in) wide, five-petalled, borne in small racemes, and yellow with orange or red streaks. Buds are pink as the four sepals are pink and are lost when the flower blooms.
Fruit
The fruit is an indehiscent legume, sometimes called a pod, in length, with a hard, brown shell.
The fruit has a fleshy, juicy, acidic pulp. It is mature when the flesh is coloured brown or reddish brown. The tamarinds of Asia have longer pods (containing six to 12 seeds), whereas African and West Indian varieties have shorter pods (containing one to six seeds). The seeds are somewhat flattened, and a glossy brown. The fruit is best described as sweet and sour in taste, and is high in tartaric acid, sugar, B vitamins, and, unusually for a fruit, calcium.
Taxonomy
Tamarindus indica is probably indigenous to tropical Africa, but has been cultivated for so long on the Indian subcontinent that it is sometimes reported to be indigenous there. It grows wild in Africa in locales as diverse as Sudan, Cameroon, Nigeria, Kenya, Zambia, Somalia, Tanzania and Malawi. In Arabia, it is found growing wild in Oman, especially Dhofar, where it grows on the sea-facing slopes of mountains. It reached South Asia likely through human transportation and cultivation several thousand years ago. It is widely distributed throughout the tropics, from Africa to South Asia.
In the 16th century, it was introduced to Mexico and Central America, and to a lesser degree to South America, by Spanish and Portuguese colonists, to the degree that it became a staple ingredient in the region's cuisine.
Today, India is the largest producer of tamarind. The consumption of tamarind is widespread due to its central role in the cuisines of the Indian subcontinent, Southeast Asia, and the Americas, especially Mexico.
Etymology
The name derives from , romanized tamar hindi, "Indian date". Several early medieval herbalists and physicians wrote tamar indi, medieval Latin use was tamarindus, and Marco Polo wrote of tamarandi.
In Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Cuba, the Dominican Republic, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Mexico, Peru, Puerto Rico, Venezuela, Italy, Spain, and throughout the Lusosphere, it is called tamarindo. In those countries it is often used to make the beverage of the same name (or agua de tamarindo). In the Caribbean, tamarind is sometimes called tamón. Countries in the Malay world like Indonesia call it asam jawa (Javanese sour fruit) or simply asam, and sukaer in Timor. While in the Philippines, it is called sampalok or sampaloc in Filipino, and sambag in Cebuano. Tamarind (Tamarindus indica) is sometimes confused with "Manila tamarind" (Pithecellobium dulce). While in the same taxonomic family Fabaceae, Manila tamarind is a different plant native to Mexico and known locally as guamúchili.
Cultivation
Seeds can be scarified or briefly boiled to enhance germination. They retain their germination capability for several months if kept dry.
The tamarind has long been naturalized in Indonesia, Malaysia, Sri Lanka, the Philippines, the Caribbean, and Pacific Islands. Thailand has the largest plantations of the ASEAN nations, followed by Indonesia, Myanmar, and the Philippines. In parts of Southeast Asia, tamarind is called asam. It is cultivated all over India, especially in Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh, Karnataka, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, and Tamil Nadu. Extensive tamarind orchards in India produce annually.
In the United States, it is a large-scale crop introduced for commercial use (second in net production quantity only to India), mainly in southern states, notably south Florida, and as a shade tree, along roadsides, in dooryards and in parks.
A traditional food plant in Africa, tamarind has the potential to improve nutrition, boost food security, foster rural development and support sustainable landcare. In Madagascar, its fruit and leaves are a well-known favorite of the ring-tailed lemur, providing as much as 50 percent of their food resources during the year if available.
Horticulture
Throughout South Asia and the tropical world, tamarind trees are used as ornamental, garden, and cash crop plantings. Commonly used as a bonsai species in many Asian countries, it is also grown as an indoor bonsai in temperate parts of the world.
Uses
The fruit is harvested by pulling the pod from its stalk. A mature tree may be capable of producing up to of fruit per year. Veneer grafting, shield (T or inverted T) budding, and air layering may be used to propagate desirable cultivars. Such trees will usually fruit within three to four years if provided optimum growing conditions.
The fruit pulp is edible. The hard green pulp of a young fruit is considered by many to be too sour, but is often used as a component of savory dishes, as a pickling agent or as a means of making certain poisonous yams in Ghana safe for human consumption. As the fruit matures it becomes sweeter and less sour (acidic) and the ripened fruit is considered more palatable. The sourness varies between cultivars and some sweet tamarind ones have almost no acidity when ripe. In Western cuisine, tamarind pulp is found in Worcestershire Sauce and HP Sauce.
Tamarind paste has many culinary uses including a flavoring for chutneys, curries, and the traditional sharbat syrup drink. Tamarind sweet chutney is popular in India and Pakistan as a dressing for many snacks and often served with samosa. Tamarind pulp is a key ingredient in flavoring curries and rice in south Indian cuisine, in the Chigali lollipop, in rasam, and in certain varieties of masala chai tea. Across the Middle East, from the Levant to Iran, tamarind is used in savory dishes, notably meat-based stews, and often combined with dried fruits to achieve a sweet-sour tang. In the Philippines, the whole fruit is used as an ingredient in the traditional dish called sinigang to add a unique sour taste, unlike that of dishes that use vinegar instead. Indonesia also has a similarly sour, tamarind-based soup dish called sayur asem.
In Mexico and the Caribbean, the pulp is diluted with water and sugared to make an agua fresca drink. It is widely used throughout all of México for candy making, including tamarind mixed with chilli powder candy.
The leaves and bark are also edible, and the seeds can be cooked to make safe for consumption. Blanched, tender tamarind leaves are used in a Burmese salad called magyi ywet thoke (; ), a salad from Upper Myanmar that features tender blanched tamarind leaves, garlic, onions, roasted peanuts, and pounded dried shrimp.
Seed oil and kernel powder
Tamarind seed oil is the oil made from the kernel of tamarind seeds. Isolation of the kernel without the thin but tough shell (or testa) is difficult.
Tamarind kernel powder is used as sizing material for textile and jute processing, and in the manufacture of industrial gums and adhesives. It is de-oiled to stabilize its colour and odor on storage.
Folk medicine
Throughout Southeast Asia, the fruit of the tamarind is used as a poultice applied to the foreheads of people with fevers. The fruit exhibits laxative effects due to its high quantities of malic acid, tartaric acid, and potassium bitartrate. Its use for the relief of constipation has been documented throughout the world.
Woodworking
Tamarind wood is used to make furniture, carvings, turned objects such as mortars and pestles, chopping blocks, and other small specialty wood items. Tamarind heartwood is reddish brown, sometimes with a purplish hue. The heartwood in tamarind tends to be narrow and is usually only present in older and larger trees. The pale yellow sapwood is sharply demarcated from the heartwood. Heartwood is said to be durable to very durable in decay resistance, and is also resistant to insects. Its sapwood is not durable and is prone to attack by insects and fungi as well as spalting. Due to its density and interlocked grain, tamarind is considered difficult to work. Heartwood has a pronounced blunting effect on cutting edges. Tamarind turns, glues, and finishes well. The heartwood is able to take a high natural polish.
Metal polish
In homes and temples, especially in Buddhist Asian countries, the fruit pulp is used to polish brass shrine statues and lamps, and copper, brass, and bronze utensils. The copper alone or in brass reacts with moist carbon dioxide to gain a green coat of copper carbonate. Tamarind contains tartaric acid, a weak acid that can remove the coat of copper carbonate. Hence, tarnished copper utensils are cleaned with tamarind or lime, another acidic fruit.
Research
In hens, tamarind has been found to lower cholesterol in their serum, and in the yolks of the eggs they laid. Due to a lack of available human clinical trials, there is insufficient evidence to recommend tamarind for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia or diabetes. Different parts of tamarind (T. indica) are recognized for their various medicinal properties. A previous study reported that the seed, leaf, leaf veins, fruit pulp and skin extracts of tamarind possessed high phenolic content and antioxidant activities. The presence of lupanone and lupeol, catechin, epicatechin, quercetin and isorhamnetin in the leaf extract could have contributed towards the diverse range of the medicinal activities. On the other hand, ultra-high performance liquid chromatography (UHPLC) analyses revealed that tamarind seeds contained catechin, procyanidin B2, caffeic acid, ferulic acid, chloramphenicol, myricetin, morin, quercetin, apigenin and kaempferol. The treatment of tamarind leaves on liver HepG2 cells significantly regulated the expression of genes and proteins involved with consequential impact on the coagulation system, cholesterol biosynthesis, xenobiotic metabolism signaling and antimicrobial response.
References
External links
SEA Hand Book-2009: Published by The Solvent Extractors' Association of India
Tamarindus indica in Brunken, U., Schmidt, M., Dressler, S., Janssen, T., Thiombiano, A. & Zizka, G. 2008. West African plants – A Photo Guide.
Detarioideae
Fruits originating in Africa
Edible legumes
Medicinal plants
Sour fruits
Tropical fruit
Spices
Indian spices
Trees of Africa
Non-timber forest products
Plants described in 1753
Leonardo Rimes da Cunha (born 12 July 1979, in Rio de Janeiro), known simply as Leonardo, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a right back.
References
1979 births
Living people
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
Ermesinde S.C. players
G.D. Ribeirão players
Leixões S.C. players
Moreirense F.C. players
AC Vila Meã players
S.C.U. Torreense players
Alki Larnaca FC players
Shensa players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Iran
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Iran
Turki Marwan Saad Al-Ammar (; born 23 September 1999) is a Saudi Arabian football player who plays as a midfielder for Al-Shabab in Saudi Professional League.
Widely regarded for skillful display and good vision, Al-Ammar is praised to be one of the next top best Saudi football talents.
Career
Club career
He made his debut for Al-Shabab in 2017, having played for several youth levels of the club. Though only managed to appear in 20 games, he left impression for his strong and energetic display, for which he helped Al-Shabab to achieve fifth place in the 2018–19 Saudi Professional League season. This allowed him to receive the award as the best young player of the Saudi Professional League in 2018.
International career
U-20 Saudi Arabia
He was named on the final list of the Saudi Arabia U19 participating in the 2018 AFC U-19 Championship held in Indonesia. This tournament saw Turki Al-Ammar managed an outstanding performance, scoring four goals for the Saudi side as his skillful display put up an instrumental part of Saudi Arabia's conquest of the tournament. For this reason, he was named as the best player of the competition, and was later included as young player of the year by the Asian Football Confederation, the first Saudi to ever achieve this honor.
However, despite skillful performance of Al-Ammar in the 2018 U-19 Asian Cup, his performance in the 2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup held in Poland was a complete disappointment, with he silenced himself in many important moments as Saudi Arabia, the champions of Asia, exited from the group stage in a complete humiliation with three straight defeats, the first time since 1985.
Senior team
His impressive performance at the 2018 U-19 Asian Cup allowed him to occupy a spot in the Saudi squad, as he was first called up to the main team by then-manager Juan Antonio Pizzi for the friendlies against Yemen, Jordan and South Korea. He was unused for the match against Yemen and Jordan. He was later omitted from the squad for the 2019 AFC Asian Cup.
Turki Al-Ammar finally made his debut for the senior team in the friendly against Paraguay at home, came on as substitute for Yahya Al-Shehri at the second half, where they drew goalless. He was also included to the final squad of the 24th Arabian Gulf Cup under coach Hervé Renard, but after the disastrous 1–3 loss to Kuwait, he is not used. Saudi Arabia eventually recovered with Turki Al-Ammar being unused to march to the final.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
International
Saudi Arabia U20
AFC U-19 Championship: 2018
Saudi Arabia U23
AFC U-23 Asian Cup: 2022
Individual
Asian Young Footballer of the Year: 2018
Saudi Pro League Young Player of the Year: 2018
References
1999 births
Living people
Saudi Arabian footballers
Saudi Arabia youth international footballers
Saudi Arabia international footballers
Association football midfielders
Saudi Professional League players
Al-Shabab FC (Riyadh) players
Asian Young Footballer of the Year winners
Visitors to Burkina Faso must obtain a visa from one of the Burkina Faso diplomatic missions unless they come from one of the visa exempt countries or a country whose citizens may obtain a visa on arrival.
Visa policy map
Visa exemption
Citizens of the following 19 countries can visit Burkina Faso without a visa:
Additionally, holders of diplomatic and service category passports issued to nationals of Brazil, China, Congo, Cuba, Russia, Taiwan, Turkey do not require a visa for Burkina Faso. In addition, nationals of China holding passports endorsed "for public affairs" do not require a visa for a maximum stay of 90 days.
Visa on arrival
Visas are available on arrival at the airport and borders for the following 51 nationalities for a stay of up to 1 month. The cost of the visa on arrival is 94,000 francs CFA (€143.30) for a single entry visa with a maximum validity of 3 months, or 122,000 CFA (€185.99) for multiple entry visa with a maximum validity of three months.
1 — only at Ouagadougou airport
Visa on arrival is available for citizens of for holders of a valid visa issued by a Schengen Member State.
Visa on arrival is available for holders of diplomatic, official, service or special passports free of charge. Visa on arrival is also available for holders of an Interpol passport traveling on duty.
Transit without a visa
Nationals of South Africa require a visa prior to arrival at all times, including transit. Other nationalities holding confirmed onward tickets may transit through airports of Burkina Faso up to 24 hours without a transit visa.
Visitor statistics
Most visitors arriving to Burkina Faso for tourism purposes were from the following countries of nationality:
See also
Visa requirements for Burkinabe citizens
References
Burkina Faso
Foreign relations of Burkina Faso
Aidsmap, also known as NAM aidsmap, is a website which publishes independent, accurate and accessible information and news about HIV and AIDS. The aidsmap website is run by a charity based in the United Kingdom, NAM.
"NAM" originally stood for "national AIDS manual" and referred to a 1987 compendium of all information about HIV published for non-scientists in England. Since aidsmap became an international organisation, NAM is no longer used as an acronym and there is no longer any particular "aids manual" being maintained.
NAM aidsmap's vision is a world where HIV is no longer a threat to health or happiness.
Timeline of work
NAM was founded in 1987 by Peter Scott, who was then working for the London Lesbian and Gay Switchboard. He was seeking to address the public's demand for a source of information about HIV.
Subsequent Directors were Will Anderson (to 1996), Colin Née (1996-2001), Caspar Thomson (2001-2016) and Matthew Hodson (2016-present).
In 1992 the organisation began publishing the newsletter now called the HIV Treatment Update, which was designed to give patients the information they need to help direct their choices for HIV treatment.
In 1998 aidsmap.com was launched as an online resource for all printed materials. It was a partnership project involving NAM and The British HIV Association, and later the International HIV/AIDS Alliance. The original site editors were Edward King and Keith Alcorn.
In 2006 aidsmap.com was awarded first prize in the Patient Information Website category of the 2006 British Medical Association's (BMA) Medical Books Competition.
In 2019, NAM aidsmap launched its new aidsmap website after a major redevelopment project.
In December 2019, aidsmapLIVE, an HIV information series broadcast on NAM's social media channels, won both the Innovation and Media award at the nOscars, hosted by Naz Project London.
References
External links
HIV/AIDS organizations
Joseph "Buddy" Eilers (born January 19, 1939) was a Canadian football player who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders and Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He previously played college football at Texas A&M University.
References
1939 births
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Living people
Texas A&M University alumni
Tom Shaka (April 9, 1953, Middletown, Connecticut) is an American blues singer–songwriter.
In the 1970s he moved to Europe, and played in the Hamburg jazz club 'Onkel Pö', with musicians such as Udo Lindenberg, Louisiana Red, David Honeyboy Edwards, Abi Wallenstein and Al Jarreau. At the present time Shaka lives and works in the northwest German town Norderstedt, inside the Hamburg Metropolitan Region.
Discography
Albums
Hot'N Spicey (1994)
Hit from the Heart (1994)
Timeless in Blues (1995)
Blues Magic (1997)
The Shaka Brothers: Blues Blood (2000, together with Bill Shaka)
Keep on Keepin on (2002)
Bless my Soul (2002)
The very Best of Tom Shaka (2003)
Deep Cut (2007)
References
External links
Janice-harrington.com
German-concerts.de
Crosscut.de
1953 births
Living people
American male singer-songwriters
American rhythm and blues musicians
American folk musicians
American folk singers
American blues singer-songwriters
Singer-songwriters from New York (state)
Singer-songwriters from Connecticut
The FIS Nordic Junior and U23 World Ski Championships 2019 took place in Lahti, Finland from 19 January to 27 January 2019. This was the 42nd Junior World Championships and the 14th Under-23 World Championships in nordic skiing.
This was the first championship where women compete in nordic combined. Ayane Miyazaki of Japan became the first female junior world champion by winning the normal hill/5 kilometre event on 23 January 2019.
Schedule
All times are local (UTC+2).
Cross-country
Nordic combined
Ski jumping
Medal summary
Junior events
Cross-country skiing
Nordic combined
Ski jumping
Under-23 events
Cross-country skiing
Medal Tables
All events
Junior events
Under-23 events
References
External links
Official website
2019
2019 in cross-country skiing
2019 in ski jumping
Junior World Ski Championships
2019 in Finnish sport
2019 in youth sport
International sports competitions hosted by Finland
January 2019 sports events in Europe
Sports competitions in Lahti
Pryse may refer to:
Surname
Gerald Spencer Pryse (1882–1956), Welsh artist and lithographer
Tessa Spencer Pryse, his daughter, also a noted artist
Hugh Pryse (1910–1955), a British film actor
James Morgan Pryse (1859–1942), author, publisher, and theosophist
Places
Pryse, Kentucky
See also
Joan Kahn (April 13, 1914 – October 12, 1994) was a New York City-based American author, anthologist, and editor, widely regarded as the preeminent mystery/suspense editor of her time.<ref name=AB:EotC>Boucher, Anthony. "Criminals at Large". The New York Times Book Review'. November 13, 1967.</ref> Described variously as the "doyenne of suspense," "the doyenne of mystery editors," and "publishing's grande dame of detective stories," Kahn first came to prominence during her extended reign (1946-1980) at Harper & Brothers (later Harper & Row), much of it spent creating and overseeing the longstanding "Harper Novel of Suspense" series. The Joan Kahn imprint, instituted during her Harper tenure, soon became a sought-after imprimatur for mystery connoisseurs. Some of Kahn's more celebrated signings include John Creasey, Patricia Highsmith, Julian Symons, Dick Francis, and Tony Hillerman.
Early life
Born and raised in New York City, Kahn was the eldest child of architect Eli Jacques Kahn and Elsie [Plaut] Kahn, and the sister of writer E.J. Kahn. An alumna of the Horace Mann School, the Yale School of Art, Barnard College, and the Art Students League of New York, Kahn wrote one child's book (which she also illustrated), '''Ladies and Gentlemen' said the Ringmaster (1938), and two novels, To Meet Miss Long (1943) and Open House (1946), before embarking on her editorial career.
Career
Neither immediate nor by design, Kahn's career change was, in fact, incremental, circuitous, and, on Kahn's part, entirely unwitting. Her initial employment at Harper was as a manuscript reader, only later being recruited by Frederick Lewis Allen as an editor at Harper's Magazine, before finally being brought back by Harper & Brothers to help overhaul the publisher's antiquated mystery department. Even after these respective promotions, Kahn had no inkling that her current livelihood was soon to become her life's work. Both her training and her aspirations at that time were primarily in the visual arts; aside from being a published author, Kahn was both a painter and a sculptor, as well as a stage and costume designer.
As she would tell The New York Times in 1968, Kahn initially viewed the Harper job as merely a "temporary thing," and never more so than when poring through roughly 200 previously rejected manuscripts, the reevaluation of which was one of the first tasks assigned the fledgling "Harper Novels of Suspense" team. However, when one of the handful she ended up accepting, The Horizontal Man by Helen Eustis, went on to win the Mystery Writers of America's annual Edgar Award for best first novel of 1947, Kahn quickly reconsidered. Her initial misgivings forgotten, Kahn aggressively pursued her newfound calling. Speaking with The Chicago Tribune in 1990, shortly after her retirement, she recalled:
I was so bloody lucky. Here I was, absolutely untrained and a dame. In those days, women didn't get many jobs in publishing. I was a snotty little girl... I was scared. I didn't know what I was doing. But I happened to be working for very bright people, who gave me my head. They allowed me to play.
This freedom allowed Kahn to wield extraordinary power, purging Harper of the majority of its largely hidebound roster of mystery writers, sparing only John Dickson Carr and Nicholas Blake (aka C. Day Lewis).
As an editor, Kahn was both devoted to her authors and extremely demanding – by her own account, "a nasty editor." She would not buy a book until it was fully fit to print; to that end, she worked long hours collaborating with her prospective authors. Moreover, no amount of previously successful collaborations between Kahn and a given author guaranteed publication of that author's next novel.
Appearing in The New York Times in November 1967, Anthony Boucher's enthusiastic review of the first of 11 suspense anthologies Kahn would produce over the following twenty years provides a concise summary of the previous twenty:
One of the best editors I know has never had her name on a book until this season. You know the reliable quality of the "Harper Novels of Suspense," and the disproportionate frequency with which they turn up on my Best-of-the-Year lists. Well, it is Joan Kahn who has, over the past two decades, made the Harper imprint meaningful in suspense, who made us acquainted with the giants of the modern English school (Julian Symons, Andrew Garve, Michael Gilbert, etc.), who taught John Creasey and the American public how to discover each other, who introduced probably the most important new suspense writers of the 1960s (Nicolas Freeling and Dick Francis) - and if her track record with American authors is less impressive, still John Ball, Ed Lacy and Elizabeth Linington are not precisely negligible.
In fact, few better examples could be found of Kahn's tough-love approach to editing than her 1965 collaboration with the then largely unknown John Ball; in coaxing from him the Edgar Award-winning In the Heat of the Night (itself the basis of the multi-award-winning film of the same name, starring Sidney Poitier and Rod Steiger), Kahn's accomplishment, at least as perceived by critic and fellow editor Otto Penzler, was Svengali-like:
Ball, in spite of creating the iconic Virgil Tibbs, was an excruciatingly bad writer, his prose more wooden than Sherwood Forest. He had a terrific idea for a novel, assigning a black policeman down South to work with a redneck sheriff, and sent it off to the greatest mystery editor who ever lived, Joan Kahn. She painstakingly worked with Ball to rewrite again and again, finally pulling a book out of him that was good enough to win the Edgar Allan Poe Award.
Two of Kahn's key seventies signings, Tony Hillerman and Joseph Hansen, not only unleashed two hitherto frustrated novelists, but also introduced two groundbreaking American protagonists, Hillerman's Navajo Tribal Police Lieutenant Joe Leaphorn and Joseph Hansen's unapologetically gay insurance investigator Dave Brandstetter. Looking back in 1985, fifteen years after the fact, and again almost two decades later, Hansen recalls both the initial agonizing delay in publication and the ensuing mutual incredulity when Kahn finally came to the rescue:
But before there were reviews, there had to be a published book. And that took some doing. It also took three years. Publishers were leery of my matter-of-fact, non-apologetic approach to a subject that the rule book said had to be treated sensationally or not at all. At last a brave lady named Joan Kahn took a chance on me. When Kahn, magisterial mystery editor at Harper & Row, accepted this novel for publication, she wrote my agent, "Where's this writer been hiding?" I had to laugh to keep from crying. Hiding was the last thing I wanted to do... I'd been writing for 46 years.
Hillerman had an analogous tale to tell (a three-year travail, complete with Kahn cast as the deus ex machina), recounted shortly after his death by Jack Adrian in The Independent:
His first book, The Blessing Way (1970), took him three years to write and then three months to rewrite after Joan Kahn, the mystery editor at Harper's, sent him a detailed critique, telling him to "beef up" one of his secondary characters. "Ironically," Hillerman said, "that character was Joe Leaphorn. I'd originally had a white anthropologist as the protagonist. I owe my career to Joan Kahn."
The exact circumstances of Kahn's departure from Harper & Row in early 1980 remain unclear; contemporary press accounts offer no specifics. For her part, speaking with the Los Angeles Times in December of that year, Kahn suggests the move was her choice, a reluctant response to Harper's increasingly bottom-line orientation:
I left Harper with my heartbreaking, but it was getting bigger and bigger. Since the only thing I really give a damn about is the authors, and they weren't being taken care of, I thought I'd better go and find a place that would love them more. I think little places can afford to do that.
However, in a 2011 obituary for editor Ruth Cavin, a recollection by Thomas McCormack (formerly Kahn's colleague at Harper, and later the CEO at St. Martin's Press, where Kahn would finish her career), is cited to the effect that, in 1980, Kahn, then 65, had simply been "retired" by her longtime employers.
In any event, after leaving Harper, Kahn worked briefly at Ticknor & Fields, and then E.P. Dutton, before landing, in early 1983, at St Martin's, where she would remain until her retirement six years later. Accompanying Kahn through her many relocations were a number of her more recent discoveries from Harper, including Jack S. Scott, Richard Bulliet, E. Richard Johnson, Herbert Resnicow, Jonathan Gash, and Jane Langton, as well two Ticknor signatories, H. Paul Jeffers and Patrick McGinley.
Towards the end of her life, Kahn received two special awards from the Mystery Writers of America – first, in 1985, the Ellery Queen Award for "outstanding people in the mystery-publishing industry," and, on the occasion of her retirement in 1989, a special Edgar Award in recognition of Kahn's distinguished career.
Personal life
Kahn never married and had no children. After a brief illness, she died on October 12, 1994, in Manhattan. Kahn was survived by her younger sister, artist Olivia Kahn, and three nephews. Olivia had also been Joan's colleague at Harper, acting as an advisor and manuscript reader, and shortly after her sister's death, would contribute many of her papers both to Bowling Green State University and to Joan's Alma mater Yale.
Bibliography
Author
Children's books
"Ladies and Gentlemen," said the Ringmaster (1938)
Seesaw (1964)
You Can't Catch Me (1976)
Hi, Jock, Run Around the Block (1978)
Novels
To Meet Miss Long (1943)
Open House (1946)
Editor
Anthologies
The Edge of the Chair (1967)
Hanging By a Thread (1969)
Some Things Dark and Dangerous (1970)
Some Things Fierce and Fatal (1971)
Some Things Strange and Sinister (1973)
Trial and Terror (1973)
Open at Your Own Risk (1975)
Some Things Weird and Wicked (1976)
Chilling and Killing (1978)
Handle With Care: Frightening Stories (1985)
Ready or Not: Here Come Fourteen Frightening Stories! (1987)
Notes
References
Further reading
"Joan Kahn, author of 'To Meet Miss Long'..." (captioned photo promoting Kahn's first novel). The Hartford Courant. February 28, 1943.
"'Open House' Second Novel of Joan Kahn". The Lewiston Evening Journal. July 20, 1946.
"Decline of the Mystery Story". The Toledo Blade. September 20, 1964.
Flora, Doris. "Search For Author Proves As Interesting As The Plot". The Tuscaloosa News. October 2, 1964.
Barkham, John. "Books in Brief: 'Edge of the Chair'". The St. Petersburg Times. November 5, 1967.
Boucher, Anthony. "Criminals at Large". The New York Times Book Review. November 13, 1967.
Nichols, Lewis. "American Notebook: Mystery Lady". The New York Times. April 28, 1968.
Hughes, Dorothy B. "The Crime File: Suspense Anthology from Joan Kahn". The Los Angeles Times. November 2, 1969.
Pryce-Jones, Alan. "In Suspense, Fiction's More Exciting Than Life". The Toledo Blade. November 9, 1969.
Kahn, Joan. "Mysteries, Junior Division". The New York Times. April 26, 1981.
Barkham, John. "Of Books and Authors: Joan Kahn of Dutton Co. is Leading 'Mystery Editor'". The Youngstown Vindicator. September 19, 1982.
Smith, Dave. "Writers Hear Good, Bad News About Publishing". The Bend Bulletin. October 7, 1982.
Blades, John. "Editors at the Scene of Crime's Path from Potboiler to a Gentler Genre". The Chicago Tribune. January 25, 1990.
New York Times News Service. "Joan Kahn, Top Editor Of Mystery, Suspense Books" The Chicago Tribune. October 16, 1994.
Powell, Margaret K. "A Joan Kahn Book". Nota Bene: News from the Yale Library. Spring 1996. Volume 6, Number 2.
External links
Joan Kahn Collection at Bowling Green State University
Joan Kahn Papers. Yale Collection of American Literature, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library.
1914 births
1994 deaths
American book editors
American children's writers
20th-century American novelists
Women anthologists
Art Students League of New York alumni
Barnard College alumni
Horace Mann School alumni
Writers from Manhattan
Yale School of Art alumni
American women novelists
American women children's writers
20th-century American women writers
Novelists from New York (state)
The Silent Passenger is a British black-and-white mystery film produced in 1935 at Ealing Studios, London. It is based on an original story written by Sayers specifically for the screen. Her amateur sleuth was portrayed as a somewhat eccentric comical aristocrat who solved murders in spite of himself. As of 2014, the film is available on DVD.
Plot
Maurice Windermere, a blackmailer, is absconding to France with Mollie Ryder, one of his victims. While waiting for the train to take them to the cross Channel ferry, he is murdered by the husband of another one of his victims, railway detective Henry Camberley (Donald Wolfit). John Ryder (John Loder), Mollie's husband, jealously searching for her, breaks into Windermere's room just after Camberley has killed Windermere and hidden him in a trunk. Ryder assaults Camberley, who he assumes is Windermere, and demands the tickets Windermere purchased for himself and Mollie, intending to surprise his wife by taking Windermere's place on the trip abroad. Camberley places the trunk containing Windermere's body with Windermere's other luggage, which Ryder obligingly takes with him on his journey to France. Windermere's body is discovered in Windermere's trunk when Ryder, using Windermere's tickets, attempts to go through French customs. The French police assume he murdered the rival for his wife's affections and return him to England by the next ferry. Fortunately for Ryder, amateur detective Lord Peter Wimsey (Peter Haddon), who already suspected Windermere of blackmail, followed Windermere's trail onto the boat train where he struck up an acquaintance with Mollie and John Ryder. Back in England Lord Peter sets about proving his newfound friend's innocence, using Ryder as "bait" to flush out the real killer and solve the murder.
Cast
John Loder as John Ryder
Peter Haddon as Lord Peter Wimsey
Lilian Oldland as Mollie Ryder (billed as Mary Newland)
Donald Wolfit as Henry Camberley
Austin Trevor as Chief Inspector Parker
Leslie Perrins as Maurice Windermere
Aubrey Mather as Bunter
Robb Wilton as Porter
Ralph Truman as Saunders
Ann Codrington as Desk Clerk
George De Warfaz as Chief of French Police
Annie Esmond as Old Lady Passenger with Pekinese Dogs
Dorice Fordred as Camberley's Accomplice
Vincent Holman as Works Manager
Gordon McLeod as Commissioner
Frederick Burtwell (uncredited)
Percy Rhodes (uncredited)
References
External links
The Complete Index To World Film since 1895
The Silent Passenger on YouTube
The British Film Institute
1935 films
1930s crime films
British black-and-white films
British crime films
British detective films
Films directed by Reginald Denham
Films set on trains
Films set in London
Films based on British novels
Ealing Studios films
Films scored by Percival Mackey
1930s English-language films
1930s British films
The "State Anthem of the Republic of Mari El" is the regional anthem of Mari El, a federal subject of Russia. The anthem has lyrics in three languages: the two versions of Mari, and Russian. The melody was composed by Yuri Toyvars-Yevdokimov, the lyrics by D. Islamov. The Russian lyrics were written by Vl. Panov.
Meadow Mari lyrics
Hill Mari lyrics
Russian lyrics
Mari El Republic
Regional songs
Mari music
National anthem compositions in E major
National anthem compositions in F major
A gibassier (; , , formerly gibacier) is a French pastry from Provence, a galette made with fruited olive oil. It is generally spiced with anise, candied orange peel, and orange flower water, and dusted with baker's sugar.
Pompe à l'huile
The gibassier is often confused with the pompe à l'huile (; Occitan:
poumpo à l'oli, pompa a l'òli, literally "oil pump"), but these are distinct dishes. The pompe à l'huile is moister and is raised. It is part of the thirteen desserts of a Provençal Christmas, which is the only time of year that it is produced whereas the gibassier is drier, pierced with holes, and is a pastry made year-round for everyday consumption. Both replace butter with olive oil as butter is not traditionally used in Provence whereas olive oil is readily found. Moreover, with olive oil, the pastries can be kept longer without drying than with butter.
According to the great dictionary of Occitan Lou Tresor dóu Felibrige, by Frédéric Mistral, the pompe is a « fouace, galette, gâteau que l'on envoie en présent aux fêtes de Noël » (a fouace, airy bread cognate to focaccia, galette, sent as a present on Christmas time) while gibassié is a « gâteau à jour, une galette percée de trous, un craquelin » (a cake, galette pierced with holes, a type of craquelin).
Availability
The gibassier is traditional and common in Provence but is rarely available in the English-speaking world.
In the United States, it was popularized in 2002 by Michel Suas (founder of the San Francisco Baking Institute) and Pearl Bakery bread baker, Tim Healea, when he introduced it in the Coupe De Monde competition (World Cup of Bread Baking) held in Paris in which the U.S.A. won the silver medal for bread baking. It continues to be made commercially by Pearl Bakery owned by the Lester family in Portland, Oregon, and hence available at shops around town and local farmers' market.
In addition, Midwife & the Baker, in California's Bay Area produces their version seasonally, usually making it available sometime during the months of November, December, and January.
Etymology
The etymology is unclear – see gibassier. Some suggest that it is named after the mountain peak Le Gibas in the Luberon mountains. Alternatively, the old form gibacier is also a flat bag, used to carry game (from the French word for game, gibier, from Latin); these words may be homophones, or the origin, the pastry having a similar shape to the bag.
Variation
As a traditional dish, there is significant variation between preparations (compare bouillabaisse). A more unusual variation is to prepare it as a hard biscuit (cookie), rather than as a cake, but with the same pierced shape. This is a specialty of Lourmarin.
References
Le Gibassier, Bread Baby, December 10, 2008
Recipes
Ciril Hitz, Baking Artisan Pastries & Breads Sweet and Savory Baking for Breakfast, Brunch, and Beyond, 2009,
See discussion at "Gibassier", SylviaH, April 24, 2010
Michel Suas, Advanced Bread and Pastry, 2008, 1043 pp.,
See discussion at Bread Baby: Le Gibassier, Jesse, December 10, 2008
Christian Etienne, Aimer la cuisine en Provence
See discussion at "gibassier....gibassier de mes rêves", 28 novembre 2006
Receto dou gibassié, 18 déc. 2009
"Gibassier (Pompe à Huile)" at Coffee & Donuts, by Bernard M. Tostanowski III, September 28, 2009
External links
Gibassier recipes at Ptit Chef
Madeleine: Dough Poetry: Pearl Bakery's Gibassier, February 6, 2006
Cuisine of Provence
French pastries
The 1919–20 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 12th since its establishment.
Overview
HKFC won the title.
References
RSSSF
1919-20
1919–20 domestic association football leagues
1919 in Hong Kong
1920 in Hong Kong
Hong Kong
Hong Kong
emailSanta.com is a Christmas-themed entertainment website that claims to allow children to send emails to the legendary character Santa Claus and receive a computer-generated response from the website. It also provides various other Christmas-themed simulations.
History
emailSanta.com was started in 1997 by Alan Kerr. Kerr started the website after a strike by Canada Post workers prevented his niece and nephews from sending letters to Santa Claus, which are replied to by volunteers at Canada Post. During the first two weeks of the site's existence, emailSanta received over 1,000 emails.
In 2000, a "Santa Tracker" feature was added to the site, allowing users to simulate the tracking of Santa year-round, similar to NORAD Tracks Santa provided by North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) and the Google Santa Tracker by Google. The site also features a blog and various other Christmas-themed games and apps.
The website is available in several languages.
The website was incorporated in Alberta, Canada as emailSanta.com Inc. in 2011. Individuals and entities in 26 different countries have been involved in creating emailSanta.com.
Website
Users compose their letter by filling in blank fields. Personal information, such as full name or e-mail address, is not required.
The website then simulates the process of the process of the email being sent and then compiles an immediate and personalized reply to the sender based on the user's input. The reply is automatically generated server-side using an ASP script written by Kerr, but the letter is claimed to have been written by Santa Claus himself. Optionally, the user can request to "see Santa live," in which case a video recording of an actor's portrayal of Santa would be shown to the user before the reply letter is shown, simulating a video call with Santa.
From the website's inception, children whose letters contained pleas for help were directed to a special web page on the site listing online resources for assistance and counselling helplines. In dire circumstances, police have been contacted.
Impact on popular culture
Prior to the Internet, letters to Santa were traditionally delivered by post. Tanya Gulevich, in her Encyclopedia of Christmas and New Years Celebrations wrote:
In 1997 postal workers all over the [U.S.] reported the first decline ever in the numbers of letters sent to Santa Claus at Christmas time... No one knows why so many kids all at once lost interest in writing letters to Santa. Perhaps they suddenly discovered e-mail.
Some overworked U.S. Postmasters requested children use emailSanta.com instead of sending letters via regular mail. One particular instance was due to the anthrax scare in the early 2000s.
Beginning in 1998, users could sign up for emailSanta's "Daily Top 10" list. Similar in spirit to Art Linkletter's work, the emailSanta list was a curated list of emails sent by visitors to the site. Some of these lists were reprinted in newspapers
and magazines, and read on TV networks and radio stations.
Elementary school teachers have also used emailSanta.com in their classrooms to teach computer literacy and reading skills.
References
External links
Official website
Santa Claus
Children's websites
Internet properties established in 1997
Nine-Nights, also known as Dead Yard, is a funerary tradition practiced in the Caribbean (primarily Belize, Antigua, Grenada, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Guyana, Trinidad and Haiti). It is an extended wake that lasts for several days, with roots in African religious tradition. During this time, friends and family come together to the home of the deceased. They share their condolences and memories while singing hymns and eating food together.
In the old days, the nights were calm and reserved for the most part - but that tradition has changed with the times. Today, these gatherings resemble parties much more than they resemble wakes (though this is not true for all “nine-nights”).
Traditions
Nine-Nights are no longer a time to mourn, but a time to celebrate since the loved one is no longer suffering in life. When friends come they do not come with just condolences, instead they come with food, drink and music; this is after all a celebration. True to its name this celebration last nine nights and days with the ninth and final night being the night before the church service (Though some modern Islanders only celebrate for seven days and seven nights). On the ninth night the family prepares the food for all who come.
As tradition has it, on the ninth night the spirit of the deceased passes through the party gathering food and saying goodbye before continuing on to its resting place. Out of all the nights this night is the most revered since it is the end of the celebration. Stories about the deceased and the fondest memories are shared, along with prayers. Games, such as dominoes, are played and there is the singing of hymns, which is also done on the other nights as well.
On the ninth night a table is set up under a tent with food for the loved one, though no one is allowed to eat from it before midnight, which is believed to be the time when the spirit passes through. Along with the food are drinks, most often Jamaican rum with no less than 100 proof. The types of food on the table can vary from one celebration to the next, but typically fried fish and bammy are the main foods on the table. This time is very important to the family because it gives them the opportunity to celebrate the life of their loved one and to be able to say their goodbyes.
In order for the deceased to move on there is a process that must happen. First, there is the "seeing". This is when someone looks at a doorway and sees the spirit. They then tell someone and that person tells someone and so on. The leader of the ceremony greets the duppy (spirit) and then the night song begins. This is a song played for the duppy while he or she is told stories by the elders. Traditionally on the ninth night of the deceased's death their bed and mattress are turned up against the wall, in order to encourage the spirit (Jamaican patois "duppy") to leave the house and enter the grave. Then the leader of the ceremony uses a piece of white chalk to draw a cross over the exit that the spirit used to leave, allowing the spirit to never return.
sky
In Trinidad and Tobago many Christians participate in a "wake" in the days leading up to the funeral service which resembles the 'nine nights' traditions of other islands. In this country, Christians celebrate the "nine-nights" service nine days after the death of the deceased which may coincide with a few days after the funeral service and burial.
See also
Wake (ceremony)
Jazz funeral
Month's Mind
Nine Days (film)
Shiva (Judaism)
References
Further reading
Death customs
Obeah
Afro-Caribbean religion
Stephen Dorril (born 17 July 1955) is a British academic, author, and journalist. He is a former senior lecturer in the journalism department of Huddersfield University and ex-director of the university's Oral History Unit. His books have mostly been about the UK's intelligence services. With Robin Ramsay, Dorril co-founded the magazine Lobster. He has appeared on radio and television as a specialist on the security and intelligence services. He is a consultant to BBC's Panorama programme. His first book Honeytrap, written with Anthony Summers about the Profumo affair, was one of the sources used for the film Scandal (1989).
Career
Dorril has appeared as a specialist and consultant regarding intelligence matters on several radio and television programs: Panorama, Media Show, Secret History, World at One, NBC News, Canadian television, History Channel, French television, and others. Dorril also served as a consultant on a forthcoming Channel Five series on the intelligence services.
Works
Articles
"Biography." Rogerdog.co.uk
Books
Honeytrap: The Secret Worlds of Stephen Ward, with Anthony Summers. London: Weidenfeld & Nicolson (1987). .
Smear!: Wilson and the Secret State. New York: Harper Collins (1992). .
The Silent Conspiracy: Inside the Intelligence Services in the 1990s. Portsmouth, New Hampshire: Heinemann (1993). .
MI6: Fifty Years of Special Operations. London: 4th Estate (2000). .
US Edition: New York: Free Press (2002)
UK Edition: London: Touchstone (2002)
MI6: Inside the Covert World of Her Majesty's Secret Intelligence Service. New York: Simon & Schuster (2002). .
Blackshirt: Sir Oswald Mosley and British Fascism. New York: Viking Press (2006). . See: Excerpted notes + appendix.
Media appearances
The Man Who Knew Too Much (2021)
Extended interview.
L'affaire Jack King (2015)
BBC Inside Out: Yorkshire and Lincolnshire (2002)
Spy Secrets: Playing Dirty (2003)
Conference papers
"The Secret Intelligence Service and Journalists During the Cold War." Delivered at the Journalism and History: Dialogues Conference, University of Sheffield (Sep. 15, 2010).
References
External links
Official website
Stephen Durril at Encyclopedia.com
Library of Congress Name Authority File
1955 births
Living people
Academics of the University of Huddersfield
British male journalists
People from Kidderminster
Harm van Riel (18 February 1907 – 13 December 1980) was a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and businessman.
Career
He served as a Member of the Senate from 6 November 1956 until 5 June 1963, and from 2 July 1963 until 3 June 1976. He was the Parliamentary leader of People's Party for Freedom and Democracy in the Senate from 24 March 1959 until 3 June 1976. A colourful politician, he was a mentor to former Party Leader of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy Hans Wiegel during his leadership.
Decorations
References
External links
Official
Mr. H. (Harm) van Riel Parlement & Politiek
Mr. H. van Riel (VVD) Eerste Kamer der Staten-Generaal
1907 births
1980 deaths
Dutch bankers
Dutch jurists
Dutch political writers
Freedom Party (Netherlands) politicians
Knights of the Order of the Netherlands Lion
Leiden University alumni
Members of the Senate (Netherlands)
Members of the Provincial Council of South Holland
Members of the Provincial-Executive of South Holland
People's Party for Freedom and Democracy politicians
People from Emmen, Netherlands
People from Haarlemmermeer
Vice Chairmen of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy
20th-century Dutch businesspeople
20th-century Dutch male writers
20th-century Dutch politicians
The Association for Biblical Higher Education (ABHE), formerly The Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (AABC) is an evangelical Christian organization of bible colleges in the United States and Canada. It is a member of the International Council for Evangelical Theological Education. The ABHE is interdenominational but requires annual affirmation of a common statement of beliefs. It is headquartered in Orlando, Florida.
History
The organization was founded in 1947 as the Accrediting Association of Bible Institutes and Bible Colleges. The name was shortened in 1957 to the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges. From 1973 to 1994 the organization was called the American Association of Bible Colleges, but the name Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges was restored in 1994. In 2004 the name of the organization changed to the Association for Biblical Higher Education "in order to reflect its expansion of scope with graduate education accreditation and programmatic accreditation."
Statistics
In 2022, it would have 154 member institutions. A total of 63,000+ students were reported to be enrolled in ABHE Member institutions.
Affiliations
It is a member of the International Council for Evangelical Theological Education.
Accreditation
The ABHE is incorporated in the State of Illinois as a not-for-profit corporation and exempt from income tax under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. It is a nationally recognized accrediting agency in the United States. It is recognized by the United States Department of Education and the Council for Higher Education Accreditation.
Standards for accreditation
To achieve or retain accreditation from ABHE, a school must demonstrate that it is accomplishing its mission and goals through a comprehensive system of assessment and planning. It also requires that the school annually affirm its tenets of faith; the tenets also include a position statement that supports conservative Biblical views on sexuality with which the school must agree.
Honor society
The ABHE sponsors the Delta Epsilon Chi honor society for students at its accredited institutions.
See also
List of recognized accreditation associations of higher learning
Educational accreditation
References
External links
School accreditors
1947 establishments in the United States
Kiszczonka () is a traditional soup common in Poznań, known also in some other regions of Poland. It consists of water with cooked black pudding, flour, milk and spices. The soup has about 760 kcal.
References
Polish soups
Bag Raiders is the self-titled debut studio album by Australian electronic duo Bag Raiders, released on 1 October 2010 by Modular Recordings. The album debuted at number 7 on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart.
At the J Awards of 2010, the album was nominated for Australian Album of the Year.
Track listing
Charts
References
2010 debut albums
Bag Raiders albums
Modular Recordings albums
Sherman Hill may refer to:
Sherman L. Hill (1911–1984), American politician
Sherman Hill (New York), a mountain in the Catskills, US
Sherman Hill Historic District, Des Moines, Iowa, US
Sherman Hill Summit, a mountain pass near Sherman, Wyoming, US
Design Your Own Railroad is a 1990 video game published by Abracadata.
Gameplay
Design Your Own Railroad is a game in which a railroad hobbyist can build a model railroad and run simulations.
Reception
Russell Sipe reviewed the game for Computer Gaming World, and stated that "In summary, if you are a model railroader/rail fan you will find this product a very enjoyable extension of your chosen hobby (but be sure to get version 1.2 or later). Non-railroaders (even if they enjoyed Railroad Tycoon) will either find themselves drawn into the world of model railroading by DYORR, or find themselves bored stiff. As for me, I love it."
Reviews
InCider
PCGames
References
1990 video games
Amiga games
Classic macOS games
DOS games
Railroad business simulation video games
Train simulation video games
Video games developed in the United States
Sultanbey is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 525 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Vladislav Blănuță (born 12 January 2002) is a Moldovan professional footballer who plays as a forward for Liga I club FC U Craiova, on loan from club Pescara.
Club career
Developed in youth academies of Rapid București and Pescara, Blănuță made his professional debut for the latter on 27 December 2020 in a 3–0 league defeat against Virtus Entella.
On 4 September 2022, Blănuță joined Romanian club FC U Craiova on a season long loan deal.
International career
Blănuță is a current Moldovan youth international.
Personal life
Vladislav is the son of current Moldova women's national team manager Eduard Blănuță.
Career statistics
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Moldovan footballers
Moldova youth international footballers
Serie B players
Delfino Pescara 1936 players
FC U Craiova 1948 players
Moldovan expatriate footballers
Moldovan expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Moldovan expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Romania
The Ballantyne Novels are a series of novels published between 1980 and 1984 by Wilbur Smith. They chronicle the lives of the Ballantyne family, from the 1860s to the 1980s against a background of the history of Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe).
A fifth novel published in 2005 seeks to combine the Ballantyne narrative with that of Smith's other family saga, The Courtney Novels. A sixth novel was published in 2019.
The Ballantyne Series
The books, and the period they cover, are:
A Falcon Flies aka Flight of the Falcon (1980) - 1860s
Men of Men (1981) - 1870s-1890s
The Angels Weep (1982) - first part 1890s, second part 1977
The Leopard Hunts in Darkness (1984) - 1980s
The Triumph of the Sun (2005) - Courtney and Ballantyne - 1880s
King of Kings (2019) - Courtney and Ballantyne - 1880s
Call of the Raven (2020) - with Corban Addison - Early 1800s
A Falcon Flies
In 1860, the slave trade is still flourishing in southern Africa. Fuller Ballantyne, a famous missionary and explorer, has disappeared in the wild areas of the sub-continent. His two children, Robyn (a daughter) and Zouga (a son) set out on an expedition to find their father. She is determined to bring Christianity, medicine and commerce to the Africans, but he wants to seek his fortune. They take passage on a clipper from England, only to discover that the captain, an American named Mungo St John, is a slaver. She falls in love with him but is determined to fight his trade in human flesh. She obtains the support of a British naval captain, Clinton Codrington, who is himself a fanatical anti-slave trader. He falls in love with her.
Zouga goes hunting for ivory and gold. In his travels he comes across a secret cavern of an African oracle and steals a soapstone falcon figure from the ruins of an ancient city. Unwittingly, he is fulfilling a prophecy which states that loss of the stone falcons shall bring desolation to the people and the land.
As Robyn locates the slave traders' route, she almost becomes a victim of the slavers herself; she is saved in the nick of time by Mungo St John and has to accompany him on his ship. She makes a successful attempt to contact Clinton and eventually causes the sea battle between the two men who love her. St John is then tried for his crimes.
Men of Men
This is the second of the Ballantyne sequence of books, which gives a fictionalized account of the origins of Rhodesia and its later violent transformation into Zimbabwe. In this novel, the Ballantyne saga continues with the interaction between Zouga Ballantyne, Cecil Rhodes and the other whites who took over southern Africa. Zouga now has a frail wife and two sons, Ralph and Jordan. He hopes to raise enough resources from the new diamond working in Kimberley. His wife dies but his sons thrive and grow into young men with differing personalities. Ralph becomes impetuous, determined and very loyal to his father; Jordan becomes as delicate as his mother and rises in the ranks of diamond sorters. Cecil Rhodes enters the tale and becomes Zouga's ally for some years, until Zouga makes a daring gamble and loses everything - his claim, his money and his sons.
A grown-up Ralph sets out to retrieve his father's stash of ivory, while Jordan becomes Rhodes' personal secretary. The labourers at the Kimberley diamond workings scatter and one of them, named Bazo, returns to his homeland in Matabeleland with illegally obtained diamonds. Rhodes uses his wealth obtained from Kimberley to open up the land north of the Limpopo River and sponsors a "Pioneer" expedition and gives Zouga the task of negotiating with Lobengula, king of the Matabele people. Through machinations and betrayal, Rhodes annexes the land of the Matabele people and lays the foundation for the land that became Rhodesia. All the principal protagonists - Zouga, Ralph, Jordan, Robyn, Codrington, Mungo St John and Bazo - become inextricably bound up in the birth of the new country.
The Angels Weep
The third novel tells how the Black Africans of Rhodesia tried to fight for their land but were defeated by the White settlers who were determined to carve out a homeland for themselves.
The Black Africans, after having been defeated in Men of Men, now plan to rebel against the unwelcome White settlers. The Matabele rise and avenge their last defeat. They kill Mungo St John and Ralph's pregnant wife, Cathy. This breeds hatred in Ralph and he ruthlessly suppresses the Matabele uprising, killing his childhood friend Bazo in the process.
In the second part, the action moves fast forward to the 1970s as Rhodesia is caught up in a violent freedom struggle. The tactics of terror are employed by the freedom fighters, carrying firearms and operating in highly organised commando groups. Opposing them are the Rhodesian "Ballantyne Scouts", one of whose members are Roland Ballantyne, great-grandson of Ralph. His gentler cousin, Craig Mellow, is forced into a war where he has to clash with a childhood friend, Tungata, who is a descendant of Bazo. A trap is laid by Tungata for Roland, who is killed when he falls for it. Craig is crippled when he loses a leg. It takes a long time for Craig and his lover to find happiness.
The Leopard Hunts in Darkness
Following Rhodesia's independence and its renaming as Zimbabwe, some white people left the country. One of those exiles is Craig Mellow, who now lives in New York. However, he misses his homeland, so he decides to return and buys back his family's farm. Within the country there is a re-emergence of ancient tribal rivalries, African pitted against African. The Matabele man named Tungata is now a government minister. Inadvertently, Craig is caught up in tribal politics. Fungabera, a Shona man, dupes Craig into framing Tungata for an ivory-poaching racket. Then Fungabera turns on Craig by accusing him of being a CIA agent and confiscating the farm he had bought.
When he realises that he has been used, Craig plots with Tungata's fiancée to free his erstwhile friend from a maximum security camp. They carry out the rescue and are chased by Shona soldiers. At last Fungabera is shown to be the head of the ivory-poaching ring. He is also discovered to be plotting an overthrow of the Zimbabwean government.
References
External links
The Ballantyne Novels
Book series introduced in 1980
Novel series
Novels by Wilbur Smith
Family saga novels
Novels set in South Africa
Novels set in Zimbabwe
Cultural depictions of Cecil Rhodes
Betts Group Pty Ltd (formerly Breckler Brothers and Cecil Bros Pty Ltd) is an Australian footwear retailer based in Perth. The head office is located at Level 2, 428 Scarborough Beach Rd, Osborne Park, Western Australia. Betts have been in the industry for over 125 years, and have recently expanded their operation to include the sale of shoes online. The Betts Group currently owns the brands Betts (formerly Betts & Betts), Betts Kids (formerly Betts & Betts Kids), ZU, Airflex, Zeroe, Betts Brand Direct, Betts for Her. The organisation operates across all Australian states, and owns 67 stores in total (Australia wide).
The business is built on a financial model based on 98% shoe and 2% handbag sales. The business, which is 100% retail, does not manufacture any of its products, and instead imports its footwear and other accessories from overseas suppliers.
The company is unrelated to the laminate tube producer Betts Group, owned by packaging specialist Albéa (formerly Alcan Packaging Beauty).
History
Yoel Breckler, a Russian immigrant, founded the boot repair store Breckler Brothers in Fremantle, Western Australia, in 1892. This family business that he had established was continued by his wife Fanny Breckler (née Masel, 1877–1942) and two sons, Cecil and Alec, after his death in 1912. Fanny opened the first store in Hay Street in the 1920s. The company has since changed its name at various times in its long history, including Cecil Bros, and Betts. In 1985, Andrew and Danny Breckler took over the family's business. The recent introduction of major suburban retail shopping centres had brought in competition from both national and international players. This development had created a difficult situation for local retailers, and put pressure on sales and margins. To combat this, Andrew started to expand the operations into the states of Victoria, New South Wales and the Northern Territory, with the aid of numerous acquisitions the company had made in the 1980s and early 1990s. During this time, Andrew helped the company become the "largest privately owned footwear group in Australia". At the turn of the millennium, Danny, who was faced with a second surge of increased competition, repositioned the Betts Group, thereby changing it into a "vertically integrated business that could design and source its own products". The brand Zu Shoes was established in March 2003, and Danny soon started designing and developing footwear products and accessories for manufacture in China. To reduce the level of third-party involvement in acquiring product from Chinese manufacturers, he also developed the Betts Group China Resource Centre, which handled quality control and transportation.
Legacy
The Betts Group is now run by the fifth generation of the family, and owns stores spanning across all the major shopping centres in Australia. Today, Betts has stores in every Australian state and territory, offices in Western Australia, South Australia, Victoria and China, and a franchise store in the United Arab Emirates. The various brands reach a range of different demographics in society: children's shoes (Betts Kids), premium men and women's fashion footwear and accessories (Zu), and contemporary comfort/technological men's and women's fashion shoes (Airflex). Betts, which caters for people seeking contemporary affordable men and women's dress and casual footwear and accessories, has in some locations been replaced by Betts for Her, a variant of the Betts brand that stocks female-targeted products only. The Betts for Her debut store was at Westfield Burwood in 2012. Numerous international companies order Betts-designed shoes. Over 130 independent retailers in Australia now stock Airflex shoes. Many of the shoes are designed and manufactured by Betts themselves, and this is done to allow them to oversee the quality of the production throughout the entire process. The store team members undergo a comprehensive training regimen in shoe fitting and sales techniques, and Betts invests in keeping the staff informed about the latest trends. The company also has competitive remuneration packages and various bonus structures due to its "understand[ing of] the importance of its staff members".
During the 2009 financial year, the FY10 revenue growth (1yr) was −1%, and the five-year revenue growth was 1%.
For the months of September 2011, December 2011 and March 2012, tenant Betts Group's percent of the portfolio gross rent of the David Jones Building property was 0.7%.
In support of the Australian Packaging Covenant, Betts pledged to do the following in a 5-year action plan from May 2011 to May 2016:
Reduction in use of plastic carry bags by customers making footwear purchases
Influence our supplier of shoe boxes to use recycled material
Introduction of biodegradable carry bags
Commitment to review all new packaging based upon the sustainable packaging Guidelines
Construction
The two-storey, 1,500 sqm office Betts Group National Head Office was awarded the Best New Commercial project under $5 million in Western Australia for 2006 by the MBA.
Betts online
Betts' website allows purchases online,
References
External links
Shoe companies of Australia
Footwear retailers
Retail companies of Australia
Australian companies established in 1892
Clothing companies established in 1892
Retail companies established in 1892
Cerceris elegans is a species of wasp in the family Crabronidae. It is found in Russia.
References
External links
Crabronidae
Insects described in 1849
Fauna of Russia
The eating clubs at Princeton University are private institutions resembling both dining halls and social houses, where the majority of Princeton upperclassmen eat their meals. Each eating club occupies a large mansion on Prospect Avenue (Prospect Street until 1900), one of the main roads that runs through the Princeton campus, with the exception of Terrace Club which is just around the corner on Washington Road. This area is known to students colloquially as "The Street". Princeton's eating clubs are the primary setting in F. Scott Fitzgerald's 1920 debut novel, This Side of Paradise, and the clubs appeared prominently in the 2004 novel The Rule of Four.
Princeton undergraduates have their choice of eleven eating clubs. Six clubs—Cannon Club, Cap and Gown Club, Princeton Tower Club, The Ivy Club, Tiger Inn and University Cottage Club—choose their members through a selective process called "bicker", involving an interview process, though the actual deliberations are secret. Five clubs—Charter Club, Cloister Inn, Colonial Club, Quadrangle Club, and Terrace Club—are non-selective "sign-in" clubs, with members chosen through a lottery process. While many upperclassmen (third- and fourth-year students) at Princeton take their meals at the eating clubs, the clubs are private institutions and are not officially affiliated with Princeton University.
Social functions
The primary function of the eating clubs is to serve as dining halls for the majority of third- and fourth-year students. Unlike fraternities and sororities, to which the clubs are sometimes compared, all of the clubs admit both male and female members, and members (with the exception of some of the undergraduate officers) do not live in the mansion.
The eating clubs also provide many services for their members. Each club, in general, has a living room, library, computer cluster, billiard room, and tap room. Members frequently use club facilities for studying and socializing. Each club also has a large lawn, either in front of or behind the mansion, and on days with nice weather, one will often see Princeton students playing various sports, such as lawn bowling, on club lawns.
On most Thursday and Saturday nights, the Street is the primary social venue for Princeton students, and each club will have music and parties. Some parties are open to all university students; these are colloquially called "PUID," in reference to the Princeton University ID card which must be shown to bouncers for entrance. Other parties are only open to members or students with special passes, which must be obtained from members. Friday nights are much more low-key at Princeton, and clubs that are open are usually open only to members. The notable exceptions are Charter Club and Colonial Club, which are open to all university students. Each club also has semiformal events and formal dinners and dances.
Special events are held annually or biannually at every club. Some are specific to particular clubs; these are usually themed parties, such as "Sunday Fundays" at Cottage, "Boxers and Blazers" at Cap and Gown, "Butts Butts Butts" at Terrace Club, "Blackout" at Charter Club, "Tower Underground" at Tower Club, "Shit that Glows" at Quadrangle Club, and "State Night" at Tiger Inn. Other events are common to all clubs. These events include: Lawnparties, when clubs hire bands to play outdoors on their lawns on the Sunday before the first full week of fall classes; Winter Formals, which take place on the last Saturday before winter break; Initiations, where new sophomore recruits are introduced to club life (usually in early February); and Houseparties, a three-day festival at the end of spring term during which each club has a Friday night formal, a Saturday night semiformal, a champagne brunch on Sunday morning, and another round of Lawnparties on Sunday afternoon.
History
Fraternities and secret societies were banned from Princeton from the middle of the 19th century until the 1980s, with the exception of the university's political, literary, and debating societies, the American Whig Society ("Whig") and the Cliosophic Society ("Clio"), which had been founded at Princeton before the American Revolution.
Eating clubs arose from dining societies, in which Princeton students gathered to take meals at a common table. These groups, often whimsically named, rarely lasted longer than a few years, disappearing when their founders graduated.
Towards the end of the 19th century the eating clubs began to recruit new members as old ones left and also began to lease or buy permanent facilities. Ivy Club was the first of the permanent eating clubs. It was followed shortly after by University Cottage Club. This process was greatly aided by Moses Taylor Pyne, who provided financial assistance to most of the eating clubs. An early member of Ivy Club, Pyne was heavily involved in the early development of Cap and Gown Club, Campus Club, Elm Club, Cloister Inn, and many others. The new clubs (along with other new extracurricular activities) gradually eroded the central role that debate societies Whig and Clio played in undergraduate student life. The decline in popularity and energy of the societies led to their merger into the American Whig-Cliosophic Society, which still exists today.
Twenty eating clubs have existed since Ivy Club opened in 1879, though never more than 18 at any one time. At various points, many of the eating clubs fell on hard times and closed their doors or merged with others. The now-defunct eating clubs include Campus Club, Key and Seal Club, Arch Club, Gateway Club, Court Club, Arbor Inn, and Prospect Club. Dial, Elm, and Cannon Clubs merged to form DEC Club, which operated from 1990 to 1998. The most recent club to close was Campus Club, which shut down in 2005.
The eating clubs and their members have figured prominently among Princeton alumni active in careers in literature and the performing arts. For example, the distinguished Pulitzer Prize writer Booth Tarkington, who transformed the Drama Association into the Princeton Triangle Club, was a prominent member of Ivy Club. F. Scott Fitzgerald was a member of the University Cottage Club. The actors Jimmy Stewart and David Duchovny were members of the Charter Club, and the actors Dean Cain and Brooke Shields were members of Cap and Gown.
Eating clubs have sometimes closed and returned to active life. The Cloister Club was reopened in the 1970s and continues successfully. Some closed eating clubs have been purchased by the university for use as academic and administrative buildings. Dial Lodge is now the Bendheim Center for Finance; Elm Club temporarily housed the Classics Department and European Cultural Studies Program and is the new home of the Carl A. Fields Center for Equality and Cultural Understanding. The donation of Campus Club to the university for use as a space for social events was completed in 2006. Cannon Club was briefly converted into Notestein Hall, an office for the University Writing Center, but has since been repurchased by alumni. The club was reopened as Cannon Dial Elm Club in fall 2011.
In 1979, undergraduate Sally Frank filed suit against then all-male clubs Ivy Club, Cottage Club, and Tiger Inn for gender discrimination. While Cottage chose to coeducate during the intervening years, Ivy Club and Tiger Inn were forced to become co-ed organizations in 1991, 22 years after Princeton first admitted female students, after their appeal to the Supreme Court regarding Frank's lawsuit was denied.
The eating clubs have attracted controversy, being viewed as outdated, elitist institutions. (Woodrow Wilson was, in part, driven from Princeton by alumni and administrators because he loathed the effect the clubs had on academic and social life.) A major part of the controversy was the difference in cost between joining an eating club and buying a university dining plan. By 2006, the difference was over $2,000 for most clubs, and this difference was not covered by university financial aid. In November 2006, Princeton administrators announced that they would increase upperclass financial aid packages by $2,000, in order to cover the difference in costs. However, as of December 2009, there was still a "significant discrepancy" between the university financial aid package and the cost of some clubs.
Historical list of clubs
Timeline
Joining clubs
Bicker
The seven selective eating clubs pick new members in a process called "bicker".
Bicker begins each spring semester during the week following intersession break, when interested sophomores come to the club they would like to join. The bicker process varies widely by club, ranging from staid interviews conducted by club members to raucous games designed to foster competition among potential inductees. Following two or three evenings of bicker activities, the club membership selects new members in closed sessions, the conduct of which varies from club to club. The clubs initiate their new members the following weekend.
Additionally, some bicker clubs conduct a smaller "Fall Bicker" for third and fourth year students. Admission numbers during fall bicker are typically much lower than those of spring bicker, as fall bicker is a chance for clubs to adjust their membership numbers to account for members who may have dropped club membership during the spring semester or over the summer.
Bicker clubs hold parties with restricted admission more frequently than their sign-in counterparts. Such events often require that non-members present a pass, a colored card bearing the club's insignia, in order to enter. Non-members may also gain entry to parties at some bicker clubs by entering with a member, or through membership in the Inter-Club Council.
Sign-ins
The four non-selective eating clubs pick new members in a process called "sign-ins".
Students rank the five sign-in clubs, or wait-lists for those clubs, in their order of preference. If more students choose a club as their first choice than that club is able to accept as members, a random lottery is used to determine which students are accepted. The remaining students are then placed into their second choice club or wait list, provided it has not filled, in which case they would be placed into their third choice, and so on.
Students who choose to bicker and are not admitted to a club via sign-in are immediately placed into a second-round sign-in where they will be placed into their top choice of club that has not filled. While not every student will get into their first choice of club, either through sign-in or bicker, every student seeking membership has been placed into one of the clubs, though sometimes after a significant waiting period.
Alternatives
For upperclassmen who choose not to join the eating clubs, there are alternative social/eating options. These include:
University dining facilities, usually by drawing back into an underclass residential college. Residential Advisors in the colleges can be eating club members, but are required by the university to take some of their meals in their college. Starting in the 2007–2008 Academic year, upperclassmen have the option of joining one of the new four-year residential colleges instead of an eating club. The four-year colleges are Whitman College, Mathey College and Butler College as of fall 2009. All three colleges have new dining halls that are more competitive with the food offered in the clubs.
The Center for Jewish Life, a Kosher dining hall.
Independent life. Students who cook for themselves are referred to as "independents". While kitchens are located in many dormitories on campus, the most favorable option of independents are the Spelman Halls. These dorms are composed mostly of four-person suites (but there are some doubles) with private baths and kitchens.
Student Co-ops: student co-ops are becoming an increasingly popular option on campus. Students rotate cooking once a week, and manage the co-ops themselves. They often have their own social events, including the Co-op Hop, a semi-formal in which all three co-ops showcase their best dishes and desserts.
The Two Dickinson Street Co-op, a 50-member vegetarian co-op located immediately off campus in a university-owned house.
The Brown Co-op, a non-vegetarian co-op located in Brown Hall, an on-campus dormitory building.
The International Food Co-op (IFC), a co-op that features international cuisine and members from around the world. The IFC is located in Laughlin Hall.
Fraternities and sororities are a complementary social option to the eating clubs, but their organizations are not recognized by the university. Most fraternity/sorority members also join eating clubs.
Class societies (analogous to Yale's secret societies) such as Phi /fē/
References
External links
Mudd Manuscript Library: Eating Clubs Records, 1879–2005, provides a history and list of materials in the library.
Eating clubs, section from Alexander Leitch, A Princeton Companion, Princeton University Press (1978).
Chapter XI: The Eating Clubs of Prospect, from Princeton University, An Interactive Campus History, 1746–1996; provides a history and several photos of each club.
The Princeton Eating Clubs is a 192-page book published in 2017 written by preservation expert Clifford W. Zink, which details the history of the eating clubs and is richly illustrated
Articles which contain graphical timelines
Princeton University
Student societies in the United States
is a Japanese model, actor, and voice actor.
Filmography
TV series
Films
Video games
References
External links
Official profile at G-Star.Pro
Japanese male models
21st-century Japanese male actors
1979 births
Living people
Models from Nagasaki Prefecture
Japanese male film actors
Japanese male television actors
Actors from Nagasaki Prefecture
Fukuoka Institute of Technology alumni
WEWO (1460 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Gospel format. It is licensed to Laurinburg, North Carolina, United States. It is currently owned by Service Media, Inc. and features programming from ABC Radio.
History
When WEWO signed on in the 1940s, the call letters officially meant "Wonderful Environment, Wonderful Opportunity," though the station's personalities came up with other meanings, such as "We Entertain Women Only" and "We Eat Wild Onions."
In April 1996, Beasley Broadcasting announced plans to buy WEWO, a sports talk station, and WAZZ.
In 1998, Wes Cookman, the owner of WIDU in Fayetteville, bought WEWO and made it part of the "WE-DO" black gospel and news and information network, along with WAGR. WFMO was added later.
References
External links
EWO
The 752nd Special Operations Group (752 SOG) is an operational unit of the United States Air Force Special Operations Command. A subordinate unit of the 352nd Special Operations Wing, it is stationed at RAF Mildenhall, Suffolk, England, UK.
As part of the 352nd SOW, the 752nd SOG is the United States Air Force special operations forces contribution to the U.S. Special Operations Command, Europe (SOCEUR), a subcommand of the United States European Command.
Mission
The 752nd Special Operations Group is responsible for planning and executing specialized and contingency operations using CV-22 Osprey & MC-130J Commando II aircraft, tactics and air refueling techniques to infiltrate, exfiltrate and resupply special operations forces.
Units
The 752nd Special Operations Group consists of the following squadrons:
7th Special Operations Squadron (CV-22 Osprey)
67th Special Operations Squadron (MC-130J Commando II)
321st Special Tactics Squadron (Pararescue, Combat Controller, SOWT)
352nd Special Operations Support Squadron
References
752
Children of Madness is the second album by Paul Di'Anno's Battlezone. It was released in 1987.The album achieved commercial success
Track listing
All songs by Graham Bath, Paul Di'Anno, and Steve Hopgood except "To The Limit" by Paul Di'Anno.
Side One
"Rip It Up" - 2:44
"Overloaded" - 3:16
"Nuclear Breakdown" - 4:48
"Torch of Hate" - 2:58
"Children of Madness" - 5:17
Side Two
"I Don't Wanna Know" - 3:18
"The Promise" - 3:36
"It's Love" - 3:35
"Metal Tears" - 5:57
"Whispered Rage" - 4:38
Bonus Track (On 2016 Wasabi Records Remaster)
"To The Limit" - 3:54
Personnel
Band members
Paul Di'Anno - lead vocals
Graham Bath - guitar
John Wiggins - guitar
Pete West - bass
Steve Hopgood - drums
Production
Ian Richardson - producer, engineer
References
Paul Di'Anno albums
1987 albums
no:Di'Anno
French Historical Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering French history. It publishes articles in English and French. The journal is published by Duke University Press on behalf of the Society for French Historical Studies.
History
Evelyn Acomb, a historian of French laïcité, found that France lay largely outside the scope of North American historians. In 1954, Acomb and several colleagues founded the Society for French historical Studies to be one of the leading journals in French history. The Society's journal was established in 1958 with Marvin L. Brown Jr., a diplomatic historian from North Carolina State College in Raleigh, was the first editor-in-chief. Brown remained as editor through 1966.
it is edited by Kathryn A. Edwards and Carol E. Harrison, professors of history at the (University of South Carolina).
Further reading
Edward Berenson and Nancy L. Green, "The Society for French Historical Studies: The Early Years", French Historical Studies 28, no. 4 (2005): 579-600.
References
External links
French history journals
Publications established in 1958
Multilingual journals
Quarterly journals
Duke University Press academic journals
Raphael Michael Gabriel Fliss (October 25, 1930 – September 21, 2015) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of the Diocese of Superior, in Superior, Wisconsin from 1985 to 2007.
Biography
Bishop Fliss was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on October 25, 1930. He received his licentiate in theology at Catholic University of America. He was ordained May 26, 1956 and served as a priest in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee. He received his doctorate from Lateran University in Rome in 1965.
He became Coadjutor Bishop of Superior on November 6, 1979, and was consecrated on December 20, 1979. On June 27, 1985 he became Bishop of Superior, appointed by Pope John Paul II.
On June 28, 2007 Bishop Fliss retired. He died on September 21, 2015.
See also
Catholic Church hierarchy
Catholic Church in the United States
Historical list of the Catholic bishops of the United States
List of Catholic bishops of the United States
Lists of patriarchs, archbishops, and bishops
References
External links
Diocese of Superior
1930 births
2015 deaths
Catholic University of America alumni
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Religious leaders from Milwaukee
American people of Polish descent
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee
Roman Catholic bishops of Superior
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Hazelwood is a neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the United States. It is represented on Pittsburgh City Council by Corey O'Connor. It is bordered by Greenfield and Oakland on the north, Squirrel Hill and Glen Hazel on the east, and the Monongahela River on the south and west. The Pittsburgh Bureau of Fire houses 13 Engines and 13 Truck in Hazelwood.
Early history
In 1758 a large tract of woodland was purchased for $10,000 under the Stanwix Treaty made with the Native-Americans. This area would include Hazelwood and Greenfield of the 15th ward.
Hazelwood takes its name from the hazelnut trees which once flourished along the Monongahela river. The first settlers were of Scottish descent and settled what was known as Scotch Bottom. This area ran from Four Mile Run (lower Greenfield) to Six Mile Ferry, four and six miles (10 km) from the Point (where the Allegheny and Monongahela Rivers merge) respectively. Among the first settlers was John Woods, a politician who built his 'Hazel Hill' estate in 1784. That house still stands, the second oldest stone building in Pittsburgh after The Fort Pitt Blockhouse. Eventually, large farms were cut out of the wooded hills, attracting more residents and supplying the area with further wealth.
Industrial age
The first track of railroad was built by Mr. B. F. Jones, of the Pittsburgh and Connellsville Railroad and later of Jones and Laughlin. Unlike most lines, this railroad was built inland as to respect the residents concern of maintaining the river's aesthetic value. This railroad would later separate Hazelwood into two sections, coining the local term 'below the tracks'. In 1869 Hazelwood was incorporated into the city, and by the following year the railway had spurred iron and steel industries, railroading, boatbuilding and the river trade.
By the late 19th century Hazelwood was a bustling town. In the 1950s the neighborhood was host to over 200 businesses. It had become home to large Hungarian, Italian, Slovak, Carpatho-Rusin, Polish, and Irish populations. With the construction of the Civic Arena in the Hill District large African-American populations made Hazelwood a home.
In the 1980s the steel industry began to decline. As the industry packed up, so did business and many residents. Like many areas in the rust-belt, Hazelwood fell into disrepair. Hazelwood was home to the city of Pittsburgh's last operating steel mill, the Hazelwood Coke Works, which was owned by Jones and Laughlin and later, its parent company, LTV, when it closed in 1998.
According to a December 23, 2008, article in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Dimperio's Market, the only full service grocery store in Hazelwood, would close because of shoplifters.
Neighborhood Revitalization
Mirroring Pittsburgh's overall decline, Hazelwood suffered a significant population loss and disinvestment following the decline of the steel industry and the final shuttering of the LTV Coke Works in 1997. However, the purchase of the 178-acre vacant brownfield site in 2002 by Almono LP (at the time composed of four Pittsburgh foundations) marked the beginning of a new era for Hazelwood. Since then, the neighborhood and community have organized to reinvest and revitalize their main street - Second Avenue - with new local-serving retail, stabilize and improve housing stock and affordability, and ensure redevelopment of the vacant 178-acre site is a positive catalyst for the neighborhood. These reinvestment efforts are often aided by the same foundations that compose Almono LP and own Hazelwood Green: the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation, The Heinz Endowments, and the Richard King Mellon Foundation.
On January 8, 2019, the amended SP-10 Zoning Ordinance was passed by City Council for the 178-acre site, Hazelwood Green. This Zoning Ordinance amendment accompanied the new Preliminary Land Development Plan (PLDP), which was approved on September 11, 2018 by Pittsburgh Planning Commission to replace the plan of record. The PLDP provides a core framework with flexible programming and development approaches to make the site adaptive to fast shifting externalities. The PLDP has been designed (and registered with USGBC) to meet LEED for Neighborhood Development Plan standards, with an expectation to reach Gold certification in 2019. The plan calls for approximately 8 million square feet of development that would be home to 5,000 residents and approximately 15,000 employees.
To date, much of the horizontal development of Hazelwood Green has been completed, including: preliminary remediation, mass grading, new streets and utilities, and stormwater management system. After decades of being closed to the public, the site's new streets - extensions of Hazelwood Avenue and Blair Street - were publicly dedicated and opened to the public on April 1, 2019. This was followed by the first tenants moving into the new building at Mill 19 in Summer 2019. In 2020, the site's first public open space - the Plaza - is expected to be completed and opened to the public, along with additional buildings opening.
City Steps
The Hazelwood neighborhood has 18 distinct flights of city steps - many of which are open and in a safe condition. In Hazelwood, the Steps of Pittsburgh quickly connect pedestrians to public transportation and the Hazelwood Greenway. They also provide an easy way for residents to travel through this hilly area.
Notable residents
Playwright August Wilson lived in Hazelwood as a teenager
Professional Baseball Player (AAGPBL) Marguerite Pearson
Rapper Wiz Khalifa
Rapper Chevy Woods
Olympian Herb Douglas
Professional Basketball Player George Patterson
Actress, speech pathologist Madge Skelly
Musician Derek Zanetti, known as The Homeless Gospel Choir
See also
List of Pittsburgh neighborhoods
References
Further reading
Hazelwood: History
External links
Interactive Pittsburgh Neighborhoods Map
Hazelwood Map
Scotch Bottom & Hazelwood History
Hazelwood Initiative
Neighborhoods in Pittsburgh
Geert Van de Walle (6 December 1964 – 26 November 1988) was a Belgian cyclist. He was Belgian amateur champion in 1985, whereupon he immediately signed a contract with the Lotto team for whom he rode in 1986 and 1987. In 1988, he switched to Isoglass-Robland.
On 26 November 1988, he died of a heart attack during a training ride with friends, ten days before his 24th birthday.
Doping
His death was noted by Willy Voet in his book Massacre à la chaîne although he acknowledged the impossibility of proving the link between these early deaths and the drugs taken while racing.
See also
List of doping cases in cycling
References
Belgian male cyclists
Belgian track cyclists
Doping cases in cycling
1964 births
1988 deaths
People from Torhout
Sportspeople from West Flanders
Prosartes parvifolia (Siskiyou bells) is a rare plant species endemic to a small region in the Siskiyou Mountains of the United States. It is known from only 4 counties: 2 in California (Del Norte and Siskiyou) and 2 in Oregon (Curry and Josephine). The species has been considered by some authorities as part of P. hookeri but others accept Prosartes parvifolia as a separate species.
Prosartes parvifolia is a rather stout plant with densely hairy ovate leaves. It can be distinguished from P. hookeri because P. parvifolia has single-locule ovaries and anthers much longer than the filaments.
References
parvifolia
Flora of Oregon
Flora of California
Plants described in 1880
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The 2016 Horizon League women's basketball tournament was a postseason tournament from March 10 through March 13. For the first time every game will be available on an ESPN Network. Rounds 1 & 2 will be on ESPN3, with the semifinals on TWCS and simulcast on ESPN3. The championship will be on ESPNU. As a D2 to D1 transitioning school, Northern Kentucky were ineligible to compete in the NCAA tournament until the 2018 season, so they can not win the conference tournament since the winner received an automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament. However Northern Kentucky is eligible to win the regular season title and is eligible to compete in the WNIT or WBI should they be invited. The tournament champion will receive an automatic bid to the NCAA Women's Tournament.
Seeds
All 10 Horizon League schools participate in the tournament. Teams are seeded by 2015–16 Horizon League season record. The top 6 teams received a first-round bye and top 2 teams will get a double bye.
Seeding for the tournament was determined at the close of the regular conference season:
Schedule
Tournament bracket
* - denotes overtime period
References
External links
Horizon League Women's Basketball Tournament
Horizon League women's basketball tournament
Reynaldo "Ray" Salazar (August 25, 1931 – April 27, 2016) was an American accountant, politician and veteran of the United States Navy, who served as the Mayor of El Paso, Texas, from 1977 until 1979. Salazar was El Paso's second Hispanic mayor, following Raymond Telles, who had previously held the office from 1957 to 1961.
Biography
Salazar was born in El Paso, Texas, in 1931 to Guadalupe Chaparro (Raul) and Reynaldo Salazar. He was one of four children, including a brother, Frank Salazar Sr., and two sisters, Olga and Alice. He graduated from El Paso High School in 1949, enlisted in the United States Navy for four years, and served in the Korean War. During the 1950s, Salazar enrolled in Texas Western College (now known as the University of Texas at El Paso) during the 1950s, and graduated with a Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) in accounting in 1957. He was a certified public accountant by profession.
In 1977, Salazar was elected Mayor of El Paso, defeating incumbent Mayor Don Henderson. He served in office for one term from 1977 to 1979. He oversaw the construction of the new, present-day El Paso City Hall, which was constructed near Union Plaza.
As mayor, Salazar opposed a proposed border fence along the U.S.-Mexico border between El Paso and Ciudad Juarez. In "The Cactus Curtain", an article published in Texas Monthly in 1977, explained his opposition to the barrier, telling the magazine, "We don't want a Berlin Wall between our two cities...Besides, a seventeen-mile fence won't keep illegal aliens out. They'll just go to the end of the fence and come in around it. If the fence runs the entire two thousand miles from Chula Vista to Brownsville, they'll just cut holes in it. There's no way a barrier like that can be maintained without spending millions and millions of dollars. And the only result is going to be increased hostilities between neighbors."
Salazar ran for a second term, but was defeated for re-election by Tom Westfall in the 1979 mayoral election. he largely stayed out of local politics until the late 1990s, when he made an unsuccessful run for El Paso County judge.
In 2013, Salazar filed a lawsuit to block the demolition of the former City Hall, which was slated to be torn down to construct Southwest University Park, a minor league baseball stadium. In the lawsuit, which was filed against city Reps. Cortney Niland and Steve Ortega and then-City Manager Joyce Wilson, Salazar alleged that the officials had misused public funds to build the new stadium. Salazar also requested a review of city Rep. Ortega's income taxes for the prior three years. His lawsuit was later dismissed and the old City Hall was imploded in April 2013.
Ray Salazar died from heart complications on April 27, 2016, at the age of 84. He was survived by his wife of 61 years, Dolores Salazar, and their seven children - Debra Kosich, Susan Bullard, Michael Salazar, Mark Salazar, Linda King, Matthew Salazar and Martin Salazar; as well as his two sisters. His funeral was held at St. Patrick Cathedral in El Paso, with burial at Fort Bliss National Cemetery.
Salazar died less than one month after the passing of another former El Paso Mayor, Ralph Seitsinger, in March 2016 at the age of 100.
References
1931 births
2016 deaths
Mayors of El Paso, Texas
Hispanic and Latino American mayors in Texas
Hispanic and Latino American politicians
American accountants
University of Texas at El Paso alumni
United States Navy personnel of the Korean War
SEOSat-Ingenio (short for Spanish Earth Observation Satellite-Ingenio), was a Spanish project to produce a satellite capable of providing wide-field imagery (230 frames a day, 60 km × 60 km) ensuring a repeat cycle of 38 days at 2.5 metre panchromatic resolution and 10 metre colour resolution, from a sun-synchronous polar orbit; it was Spain's first optical imaging satellite. The satellite was part of the Spanish Earth Observation Satellite program. The mission was funded by Spain's Centre for the Development of Industrial Technology (CDTI). SEOSat-Ingenio information was to be used by various Spanish civil, institutional or government users. However, under the Copernicus Programme of the European Union, it was also accessible to other European users, as well as to the Group on Earth observation of the Global Observing System of Earth.
Overview
The prime contractor was Airbus Defence and Space, Spain and some parts of the satellite was built by Thales Alenia Space. Spacecraft construction was completed in 2019. The primary payload was a pushbroom imager composed of a Multispectral Imager and a Panchromatic Imager.
Three Complementary Scientific Payloads were initially scheduled to be on board: SENSOSOL, The Two Towers (TTT) and Ultraviolet and Visible Atmospheric Sounder (UVAS). However, in July 2019, Airbus and CDTI confirmed that both TTT and UVAS instruments had lost their flight opportunity.
It was originally projected to launch in 2017; launch vehicle candidates included Vega, Rockot, and PSLV. On 17 May 2019, ESA and Arianespace signed a contract to launch SEOSat-Ingenio on a Vega rocket (VV17) from Centre Spatial Guyanais in 2020.
Spacecraft
The first test images of SEOSat-Ingenio were to be downlinked within two to three weeks of launch. The satellite was to be fully operational by April 2021. The SEOSat-Ingenio project cost around 200 million euros, or US$236 million.
Another goal of the SEOSat-Ingenio project, which Spain's government kicked off in 2007, was to foster a growing Spanish space industry. About 80% of the spacecraft was manufactured in Spain, while previous Spanish government satellites were only about half-manufactured in Spain.
Launch failure
SEOSat-Ingenio was launched from the Centre Spatial Guyanais at 01:52:20 UTC on 17 November 2020 alongside the TARANIS satellite. The flight was planned to deploy the satellites into 2 very slightly different sun-synchronous orbits at roughly 670 km (starting 54 minutes until 102 minutes after liftoff), before the upper stage would have re-ignited to re-enter the Earth's atmosphere. However, the rocket failed after launch and the mission was lost. The exact cause was the first ignition of the engine of the Avum fourth stage, a deviation of trajectory was identified, entailing the loss of the mission. Arianespace traces cause of Vega launch failure to "human error". This was the Vega rocket's second failure in seventeen missions.
References
Satellites of Spain
2020 in Spain
Spacecraft launched in 2020
INTA satellites
Satellite launch failures
Ras Gobena Dache (, ; 1821 – July 1889) was a military commander during Menelik II's reign. He is known for campaigning against Oromo territory to incorporate more lands into the Ethiopian Empire in the late 19th century.
History
Gobena's son Wedajo was married to Menelik's daughter Shoarega who bore him, a grandson, Wasan Seged Wedajo, whom Menelik saw as his successor, and had him raised at the court as if heir to the throne. Wedajo opposed the court education of his son and this dispute over child custody led to the divorce of his wife. This grandson of Menelik II was eliminated from the succession due to dwarfism.
Southern expansion
Ras Gobena (earlier Dejazmach Gobena) became a famed chief who was close to the Aba Mudda, a spiritual head of the Oromo. He gained support among various Oromo clans, and he led the western and southern military movement of Menelik II. According to historian Donald Levine, Ras Gobena did most of the southern expansion that incorporated more Oromo speaking peoples into Menelik's Ethiopian Empire, helped by Oromo soldiers that were led by various famous Oromo chiefs like Moroda Bekere. In addition to Oromo communities, Ras Gobena defeated the militias of southern ethnic Sidama and Kebena communities. Near the end of his life in the 1880s, the Shewan army governed by Ras Gobena defeated the forces of the Muslim Kebena leader Hassen Injamo. On 14 October 1888, the allied forces of Ras Gobena and Moroda Bekere defeated the Mahdist Sudanese invasion of the Welega Oromo at the Battle of Guté Dili.
Some of the southern communities militarily opposed Ras Gobana's army throughout his campaigns, while others, particularly the kingdoms in the Gibe region, embraced the alliance with Ras Gobena and Menelik II, who later became the Emperor of Ethiopia. Despite the opposition, historian Dr. Donald Levine states that some southern Oromo supported Ras Gobana and the Ethiopian centralization was "welcomed as a way to put an end" to 'intertribal fighting' between the Oromo communities. During the conquest of southern territories, Menelik's Army carried out mass atrocities against his opponents in battle including mutilation, killings and large scale slavery.
The two most important historical figures who signify the introduction of the concepts of national boundary and sovereignty in Ethiopia are Emperor Menelik II and Ras Gobana Dache, who used guns manufactured in Europe to bring a large swath of Biyas (regions/nations) under a centralized rule.
Popular culture
The sentiment of most Ethiopians toward Ras Gobana often correlates to 21st century Ethiopian politics. Ras Gobana is a controversial figure for some Oromo nationalists who think he was a traitor for allying with the Northern Ethiopians to conquer some southern regions. Mohammed Hassan translates the following song as an example of Oromo expression that Gobana betrayed his own people:
Though many Oromo communities battled and conquered each other for centuries, some contemporary Oromo politicians who favor ethno-political mobilization toward Oromo unity often associate Oromo opposition to them as a betrayal act similar to that of the 19th century Ras Gobana and other Oromo leaders who allied with the Amhara and Tigray. And those Oromos who associated with Ethiopian governments of the past, including Derg and the Selassie Monarch are sometimes labeled "neo-Goobanaas." In contrast, other Ethiopians who advocate Ethiopian unity and who oppose ethnocentric political movements often glorify Ras Gobana as an Ethiopian hero and as a unifying figure.
References
1821 births
1889 deaths
19th-century Ethiopian people
The 2004–05 FA Women's Premier League Cup was the 14th edition of the FA Women's Premier League's league cup competition, which began in 1991. It was sponsored by Nationwide and was officially known as the FA Nationwide Women's Premier League Cup. The competition was contested by all 34 teams of the three divisions of the FA Women's Premier League (National Division, Northern Division and Southern Division). Arsenal won their eight title after a 3–0 win over Charlton Athletic in the final.
Results
All results listed are published by The Football Association (FA).
The division each team play in is indicated in brackets after their name: (NA)=National Division; (NO)=Northern Division; (S)=Southern Division.
Preliminary round
First round
Second round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
See also
2004–05 FA Women's Premier League
2005 FA Women's Cup Final
References
External links
RSSSF
FA Women's National League Cup
is a Japanese former actor and singer who is currently a fugitive. In 2013, he was reported to have taken ¥50 million (about US$ 450,000) from his fans between 2003 to 2012. Takasugi used the influence of his role as Kazuya Oki/Kamen Rider Super-1 to cheat his fans and refused to return the money. He said that this was because "Super-1's henshin belt was taken by the Yakuza and I need money to get it back." He refused to appear in court after he was sued and disappeared sometime in 2017.
Personal life
He is a research associate of a former Japan Ground Self-Defense Force ranger, from action to military guidance.
He is participating in "Treasures of the Shinkansenji" which is held annually as a series of events, talk shows and fan clubs.
During his career with Kamen Rider Super-1, his young age was reported in various media at the time, but in an interview he recently announced his actual age.
Filmography
Television
Films
Direct-to-video
Stage
Radio
Video games
Advertisements
Discography
Singles
Albums
See also
List of fugitives from justice who disappeared
References
External links
1949 births
Actors from Aichi Prefecture
Fugitives wanted by Japan
Japanese male singers
Japanese male voice actors
Japan Ground Self-Defense Force personnel
Living people
Birtsmorton Court is a Grade I listed fortified medieval moated manor house near Malvern in Worcestershire, in the former woodlands of Malvern Chase.
It is located in Birtsmorton, a small agricultural parish 7 miles south-east of Malvern Wells, Worcestershire and 8 miles west of Tewkesbury, Gloucestershire. The house was the setting for William Samuel Symonds's historical novel Malvern Chase.
Etymology
The English place name element birt-, which often signifies the birches such as grow in this low-lying site, in this particular case may be a transformation of de Brute, holding the manor under Edward I.
History
The manor is mentioned in the Domesday Book; the present house, partly half-timbered built on a courtyard plan, is in part of the 13th century. In 1424–25 Birtsmorton became the seat of John Nanfan, who had most of the earlier structure demolished before his death in about 1447. Cardinal Wolsey is an important historical figure, who is also reported to have frequently stayed at the court during his earlier days. The house was remodelled for Giles Nanfan in about 1572, as heraldry in the Great Hall suggests.
The Nanfan family retained the Manor until 1771. The last male heir, Bridges Nanfan, left the estate to his daughter Catherine in 1704. She married four times, including to Lord Coote, the Governor of New York. On the death of Catherine's granddaughter Judith in 1771, the manor passed to the Coote family who sold it in 1779.
The present aspect of the house is in part due to antiquarian restoration and emendation by Frederick S. Waller, 1871–72. The east range was destroyed by fire in the 18th century and rebuilt in 1929–30 by A. Hill Parker and Son, in what Brooks and Pevsner called a "successful pastiche".
William Huskisson was born at Birtsmorton Court on 11 March 1770 and spent his childhood here until he was 13. The house was a setting for William Samuel Symonds' historical novel Malvern Chase.
The house is now privately owned and available for special events.
Owners
Nigel and Rosalie Dawes (current owners for over 40 years)
Francis Bradley Bradley-Birt (b. 1874), the husband (m. 1920) of Lady Norah Beatrice Henriette Spencer-Churchill (1875–1946)
References
Sources
External links
Buildings and structures in Malvern, Worcestershire
Country houses in Worcestershire
Grade I listed buildings in Worcestershire
Grade I listed houses
Malvern, Worcestershire
The Worthington Mower Company, originally called the Shawnee Mower Factory, produced lawn mowers and light-duty tractors in the United States from the early 1920s until around 1959. Founded by Charles Campbell Worthington and run as a family business, in 1945 it was purchased by Jacobsen Manufacturing. It continued to produce tractors and mowers in Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, until around 1959.
Background
Charles Campbell Worthington (1854–1944) was a successful businessman, owner of the Worthington Pump and Machinery Corporation.
In the late 1890s he began to spend an increasing amount of time at his country home in Shawnee on Delaware, in Pennsylvania on the banks of the Delaware River, about to the west of New York.
He built his first small golf course around 1898.
Worthington sold his interests in Worthington Pump in 1899 when it merged with other pump manufacturers to become the International Steam Pump Company.
He remained as president at first, but in 1900 retired to live in the country.
Worthington remained an active mechanical engineer and founded the Worthington Automobile Company, which built several steam automobiles to his designs.
Near Shawnee he built the Buckwood Inn, an exclusive resort, with an eighteen-hole golf course. The course was designed by A. W. Tillinghast.
This later became the Shawnee Country club.
The course was completed around 1910.
In 1912 Worthington invited professional golfers to compete on his course, and this led to the foundation of the Professional Golfers' Association of America.
History
After trying unsuccessfully to keep the fairways in shape by grazing sheep on them,
Worthington designed the gang mower with three moving wheels.
He launched the Shawnee Mower Factory to manufacture it.
Later this became the Worthington Mower Company, based in nearby Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania.
The first Worthington gang mower was three-wheeled, pulled by horses with their hooves covered in leather to prevent damage to the grass.
In 1919 Worthington designed and built a gasoline-powered tractor to pull the mowers.
The Worthington tractors were assembled in Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, using parts from the Model T Ford.
Worthington saw there was demand from farmers for a low-priced tractor that could economically handle light loads.
He produced the Worthington Model T until 1930, and then the Worthington Model A based on components from the Ford Model A.
The company made about 430 Model T tractors and just over 400 Model A tractors.
In 1928 the company introduced the triplex Overgreen mower, powered by an engine made for them by the Indian Motocycle Company of Springfield, Massachusetts.
The next year they began using engines made specially for them by the Harley-Davidson Motor Company of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
In the late 1930s, Worthington produced the Model C using a Chrysler six-cylinder engine and transmission and axles from the Dodge pick-up.
The gang mower coupled conventional lawn mower cutting units into a frame in such a way that each unit could move independently to adapt to the variable terrain, and to handle turns, while avoiding slipping and damaging the turf. The design was patented, as were various improvements that increased the number of cutting units to five, and then to seven, this last cutting a swathe at a speed of around .
In 1935 Worthington won a case against a competitor for infringing his patents after taking the case to appeal.
The gang mowers were adopted by golf courses across the country.
In 1930 the company won a contract to supply mowers to the Air Corps for mowing airfields based on technical superiority, despite not being the lowest bid.
After appeal, the contract was cancelled on the grounds that the specifications had been devised so that only Worthington could qualify.
Production continued during World War II, and the company earned 'E' and 'Star' awards from the Army-Navy.
As well as being used to maintain the grass on airfields, the tractors were used to pull airplanes and trailers carrying bombs.
Another use was to tow sickle-bar mowers used to maintain the verges of roads.
Worthington died in October 1944. The company was sold in 1945 to Jacobsen Manufacturing.
Worthington made cabs on some of their 1946 Chief models, most likely used for airports, where they would pull aircraft as tugs and mow strips of grass with gang mowers along the runways.
In 1949 the subsidiary began making Model G tractors using Ford tractor components, mostly for use in parks and golf courses.
The company introduced new products, such as a tractor-mounted compressor in 1955.
It continued to make lawnmowers in Stroudsburg for golf course maintenance and for residential use until it closed around 1959.
Jacobsen manufactured under the Worthington brand until the mid-1960s.
References
Sources
Manufacturing companies of the United States
The Gouge flap, invented by Arthur Gouge of Short Brothers in 1936, allowed the pilot to increase both the wing area and the chord of an aircraft's wing, thereby reducing the stalling speed at a given weight. This provided the benefit of a shorter takeoff distance for a given load, a shorter distance to achieve a given height and a lower takeoff speed. This type of flap, in spite of its use on successful aircraft such as the Short Sunderland and the Short Stirling, was limited to use on aircraft produced by Short Brothers.
Development
The Gouge flap was patented in 1936, British Patent no. 443,516 being awarded jointly to Short Bros. Ltd. and Arthur Gouge for "Improvements in or connected with Wings for Aircraft, (controller flaps)".
The Gouge flap "consists of a sharp nosed aerofoil, which in the closed position, forms part of the wing profile . The flap tapers with the wing, i.e. the width of the flap at any point is a constant proportion of the wing chord at that point; when open the extended portion also varies with the chord. All sections through the flapped
portion of the wing are similar in shape and proportion. The flap moves on tracks, rotating conically about an imaginary axis below the wing, nearly parallel to the trailing edge. When open, the flap increases the wing chord and the wing area."
Excellent photographs of the fully extended flap, taken from obliquely above and below the wing, are given in the British Aeronautical Research Committee's research paper R&M No. 1753.
Among the conclusions of that report were that "flap half and fully open decreases the distance from rest to take-off by 14 per cent. and 23 per cent., and also decreases the distance from take-off to clear a 50 ft. obstacle by 21 per cent. and 23 per cent. respectively. The speed at take-off is reduced by 3 and 8 m.p.h, respectively."
History
Short Brothers first installed the Gouge flap on a Scion fitted with the (scaled-down) wings being prepared for the Short Empire flying-boat. The flaps on this aircraft, which was designated 'M.3', were submitted to extensive testing by the Royal Aircraft Establishment Farnborough, their report appearing as R&M No. 1753 (see Bibliography below). Shorts used the Gouge flaps on several successful aircraft types, e.g. the Empire boats, the Short S.26 G-class 'Golden Boats', the Short Sunderland and the Stirling.
When Flight Magazine described the Fowler flap in 1942, the article's subtitle read "An American High-lift Device With Properties Similar to Those of the Better-known British Types", and the Gouge, Handley Page, and Fairey/Youngman flaps were all given equal mention. The Gouge flap, although widely used on Shorts aircraft, was not adopted by other manufacturers, several of which developed their own variants. The Aeronautical Research Council's R&M no. 2622 entitled "The Aerodynamic Characteristics of Flaps" dated 1947 compared many variants but merely mentions the Gouge flap in a footnote on p. 10, where it is described as being "rather like the Blackburn flap ... but with no slot between the flap and wing."
The advantage of the additional lift generated by a slot acted in the Fowler flap's success relative to the Gouge flap, as did its natural tendency to retract itself in flight.
Shorts themselves did not use the Gouge flap on their next project, the Shetland, preferring the use of slotted flaps on this large seaplane.
See also
Aerodynamics
Airfoil
Lift (force)
Flap (aircraft)
High-lift device
References
Notes
Bibliography
Aircraft controls
The chestnut-rumped woodcreeper (Xiphorhynchus pardalotus) is a species of perching bird. Like the other woodcreepers, it belongs to the subfamily Dendrocolaptinae of the ovenbird family (Furnariidae).
It is found in Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
chestnut-rumped woodcreeper
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
chestnut-rumped woodcreeper
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
WWQT (1160 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Southern Gospel format with Southern gospel music. Licensed to Tryon, North Carolina, United States, the station is currently owned by The Power Foundation.
History
The station went on the air as WKJT on 1994-02-01, and was formerly WTYN, a station which began in 1954. On 1996-08-09, the station changed its call sign to WJFJ, and again to the current WWQT on March 20, 2014.
WWQT is the only broadcast station based in Polk County, NC, and is owned by John Owens and Joe Foster of Columbus Broadcasting.
In 2004 and 2005, WJFJ RADIO personality James A. Metcalf was voted as a top ten nominee in the Singing News Magazine's fan awards as one of the nations top ten small market southern gospel DJs. The Singing News is one of Christian music's biggest selling magazines and features the subscriber voted awards each year. WWQT radio is also involved in many Polk County community events, co-sponsoring the singing for the soldiers events and the Columbus Fire Department BBQ sing, which has continued since 1973. WWQT does yearly live broadcasts at the Columbus Farm Festival, and the Green Creek Heritage Festival as well as other community events.
In November 2009, the station began live streaming 24 hours a day worldwide on its website www.wjfjradio.com.
WWQT hosts several annual and biannual events in Polk County, including the Columbus BBQ GOSPEL SING, and The SINGING FOR THE SOLDIERS EVENTS. WWQT is distinguished for its gospel music programming. WWQT also uses the nickname Wolverine Radio in reference to the broadcasting of local Polk County High School Wolverine football.
Translator
References
External links
WQT
WQT
Southern Gospel radio stations in the United States
The Arabic Competency Test is a standardized test held in Saudi Arabia to evaluate and certify Arabic language proficiency for non-native speakers, covering language knowledge, reading, writing, listening and conversation. The test was officially introduced on June 12, 2022, by the country's Minister of Tourism Badr bin Abdullah al-Saud and is jointly managed by the Saudi Education and Training Evaluation Commission and King Salman Global Academy for Arabic Language.
References
Arabic language
Tests
The red-legged thrush (Turdus plumbeus) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. Native to the Caribbean, it is found in the Bahamas, Cayman Islands, Cuba, Dominica, Hispaniola (the Dominican Republic and Haiti) and Puerto Rico. It formerly occurred on the Swan Islands, Honduras, but was extirpated there.
In Puerto Rico, the red-legged thrush is known as zorzal de patas coloradas.
Habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest. This species may be considered the Caribbean counterpart of the American robin, as it has similar habits, including being a common visitor to gardens and lawns.
Description
This large thrush measures and weighs approximately , depending on subspecies. It is mainly bluish-grey above and lighter-grey below with a white and black throat with a striped appearance. The legs, bill and eye ring are bright orange-red. There is notable variation in plumage between the subspecies.
Taxonomy
Six subspecies are described:
T. p. plumbeus – Linnaeus, 1758: nominate; found on the northern Bahamas islands.
T. p. schistaceus – (Baird, S.F., 1864): found in eastern Cuba. Has beige-orange color on rear flanks and vent area. Bill is dark red with dusky tip.
T. p. rubripes – Temminck, 1826: found in central and western Cuba and on Isla de la Juventud. Has more white in throat and malar area. It also has orange lower flanks, belly and vent.
T. p. coryi – (Sharpe, 1902): found on the Cayman Islands. Paler and with less orange on underparts than T. p. rubripes.
T. p. ardosiaceus – Vieillot, 1822: found on Hispaniola (the Dominican Republic and Haiti) and Puerto Rico. Has darker underparts and less white in the undertail.
T. p. albiventris – Sclater, PL, 1889: found on Dominica. Has orange bill, feet and eye ring.
The IUCN Red List considers T. p. rubripes and T. p. ardosiaceus to be their own species, as the western red-legged thrush and eastern red-legged thrush, respectively.
Gallery
Diet
Its food is mostly fruits, but a third of its diet is animal matter: insects (caterpillars, beetles, ants, crickets, wasps), plus occasional snails, frogs, lizards and birds' eggs.
References
External links
Red-legged thrush Image at Animal Diversity Web
red-legged thrush
Endemic birds of the Caribbean
Birds of the Dominican Republic
Birds of Dominica
Birds of Haiti
Birds of Cuba
Birds of Puerto Rico
Birds of the Bahamas
Birds of the Cayman Islands
Birds of the Caribbean
red-legged thrush
red-legged thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Shanghai station (; Shanghainese: Zånhae Hutsuzae) is one of the four major railway stations in Shanghai, China, the others being Shanghai South, Shanghai Hongqiao, and Shanghai West (Shanghaixi).
The station is located on Moling Road, Jing'an District, to the North of the city centre. It is governed by Shanghai Railway Bureau and is one of the most important hubs of the railway network in China.
History and development
Shanghai station is called "the new railway station" by locals since it replaced Shanghai North railway station (also known as "Old North railway station", or "Old North Station" - 老北站 by locals) as the city's main train station in 1987. In the late '80s, the old North railway station was inadequate to handle the increasing railway traffic in Shanghai. The government then decided to pull down the Shanghai East (freight) railway station and build a new railway station at the same place. On 28 December 1987, the North railway station was closed. At the same time, the new Shanghai railway station was built and started its operation.
In 2006, some railway lines of the station were moved to the reopened Shanghai South railway station, which lessened the increasing pressure of passenger traffic. In August 2006, a decision was made to renovate the aging station and its surrounding area. Many new ticket machines were installed to increase efficiency.
In June 2008, in order to co-operate with the opening of World Expo Shanghai 2010, Shanghai Government and Zhabei District carried out a new renovation called the "Shanghai Railway Station North Plaza Comprehensive Transportation Hub Project" with a total investment over 4.1 billion RMB.
On May 29, 2010, the renovation was completed. It expanded the north building from 1,000 square meters to 15,560 square meters, refurbished the south building and added a new designed wave-shaped roof over the platform.
In late 2015, rumours of the demolition of the Shanghai railway station arose. Many locals had believed this because of the many residential developments and needlessness of the station as there are already the Shanghai Hongqiao, Shanghai South, and Shanghai West stations. However, this rumour has been rejected by the Shanghai Municipal Government.
Connections
Shanghai station primarily serves north–south and westward locations. It is the terminus of the main Beijing-Shanghai railway line. There are two Z (non stop, deluxe) trains to Taiyuan and Xi'an every day. Most long-haul, non high-speed trains bound for Jiangsu Province, Anhui Province and the North (i.e. destinations north of the Yangzhe River) depart from Shanghai railway station. It also offers regional high-speed CRH trains to Nanjing and Hefei as well as overnight high-speed trains to Beijing and Xi'an.
It offers
T trains (special fast trains that only stop at main stations) to Dalian, Beijing, Ürümqi, Nanjing, Yangzhou, Hangzhou, Xian, Lanzhou, Jinan, Tongling, Tianjin, Taizhou and Ningbo in mainland China, as well as across the border to Kowloon in Hong Kong.
K trains (fast) to Anyang, Guiyang, Changsha, Guangzhou, Kunming, Wuhan, Yinchuan, Xining, Nanchang, Zhanjiang, Fuzhou, Xiamen, Yichang, Chongqing, Fuyang, Shenyang, Shijiazhuang, Baotou, Qingdao, Tianjin, Taiyuan, Harbin, and Jilin.
In addition, a lot of pass-by trains from the north to the south of China also use Shanghai station as an intermediate stop.
Transportation
Shanghai station can be reached by taking Shanghai Metro Line 1, 3 or 4. Due to its pervasive connections with the Shanghai street network, the station is also accessible by numerous bus lines and by taxi. Taxis are not allowed to stop directly in front of the station, but at an underground taxi stop.
Gallery
See also
Shanghai Hongqiao railway station
Shanghai South railway station
Shanghai West railway station
Rapid transit in the People's Republic of China
References
External links
Shanghai Train Guide - Timetables, tips, routes, and schedules
Railway stations in Shanghai
Stations on the Beijing–Shanghai Railway
Stations on the Shanghai–Kunming Railway
Stations on the Shanghai–Nanjing Intercity Railway
China–Hong Kong border crossings
Jing'an District
Pardi railway station is a small railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India. Pardi railway station is 11 km away from Valsad railway station. Passenger, MEMU and few Express trains halt at Pardi railway station.
Major trains
Following Express trains halt at Pardi railway station in both directions:
19023/24 Mumbai Central–Firozpur Janata Express
19215/16 Mumbai Central–Porbandar Saurashtra Express
References
See also
Valsad district
Railway stations in Valsad district
Mumbai WR railway division
The Souain experiment was a French military experiment using a Baby Holt Caterpillar, on the former battlefield of Souain, in northeastern France, on 9 December 1915. The experiment was a decisive influence on the French tank programme and initiated the design and order of the two French operational tanks, the Saint-Chamond and Schneider CA1.
Background
The immobility of the trench warfare characterizing the First World War led to a need for a powerfully armed military engine that would be at the same time protected from enemy fire and could move on the extremely irregular terrain of battlefields. This led to numerous attempts at designing an effective all-terrain armoured vehicle.
Caterpillar experiments
In January 1915, the French vehicle and armaments manufacturer Schneider & Co. sent out its chief designer, Eugène Brillié, to investigate tracked tractors from the American Holt Company, at that time participating in a test programme in England, for a project of mechanical wire-cutting machines of the Breton-Pretot type. On his return Brillié, who had earlier been involved in designing armoured cars for Spain, convinced the company management to initiate studies on the development of a Tracteur blindé et armé (armoured and armed tractor), based on the Baby Holt chassis, two of which were ordered.
Experiments on the Holt caterpillar tracks started in May 1915 at the Schneider plant with a 75 hp wheel-directed model and the 45 hp integral caterpillar Baby Holt, showing the superiority of the latter. On 16 June, new experiments followed in front of the President of the French Republic, and on 10 September for Commander Ferrus, an officer who had been involved in the study (and ultimate abandonment) of the Levavasseur tank project in 1908.
Souain experiment
Finally, a Baby Holt caterpillar was demonstrated at Souain on 9 December 1915, to the French Army, with the participation of commandant Ferrus, lieutenant Charles Fouché, General Philippe Pétain.
Souain was a former battlefield with rough terrain and trenches, recently recaptured from the Germans, and offered perfect conditions to test the qualities of the new tank prototype.
The results of the Baby Holt caterpillar were excellent, displaying remarkable mobility in the difficult terrain of Souain. The length of the Baby Holt however appeared to be too short to bridge German trenches, justifying the development of longer caterpillar tracks for the French tank project. The Souain prototype could effectively bridge shell holes and trenches up to 1 meter in width, with a maximum limit of 1.20 meters, but required some support to bridge wider gaps, rendering it unsatisfactory as such. According to the official report "the machine can only cross trench lines if some basic passageway across the trenches is prepared for it"
See also
History of the tank
Notes
References
lain Gougaud L'Aube de la Gloire, Les Autos-Mitrailleuses et les Chars Français pendant la Grande Guerre, 1987, Musée des Blindés,
Souain prototype
Trial and research tanks of France
History of the tank
The white monjita (Xolmis irupero) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae, the tyrant flycatchers. It is found in Brazil, in regions of Caatinga and Pantanal. It is also found in the Paraguay, Argentina, Bolivia, and Uruguay.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
This is a bright white bird, with dark eyes, black legs, and a medium to short pointed bill. It has deep black borders on the outer wing, and a short notched tail.
References
External links
White monjita videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Stamps (for Paraguay) with ~RangeMap
White monjita photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
Photo-High Res; Article tropicalbirding–"Northwest Argentina"
white monjita
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of the Caatinga
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Argentina
Birds of the South Region
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Uruguay
white monjita
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
La Grange Historic District may refer to:
in the United States (by state)
LaGrange Commercial Historic District, LaGrange, Georgia, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP)
La Grange Village Historic District in La Grange, Illinois, listed on the NRHP in Cook County
LaGrange (Harris Crossroads, North Carolina), a historic district listed on the NRHP
La Grange Historic District (North Carolina), NRHP-listed
La Grange Historic District (La Grange, Tennessee), NRHP-listed
See also
Greenville Street-LaGrange Street Historic District, Newnan, Georgia, listed on the NRHP in Coweta County
Fayette County Courthouse Square Historic District, La Grange, Texas, listed on the NRHP
Lagrange (disambiguation)
Kweon Kab-yong (born 3 October 1957) is a South Korean 8 dan professional Go player. Kweon turned professional in 1975 and was promoted to 8 dans in 2010. He started a Go school in Korea in 1989 that is often compared to Kitani Minoru's school. As of 2003, his school had produced over 100 total dans.
Pupils
Lee Sedol 9 dan – winner of 18 international titles.
Choi Cheol-han 9 dans – ranks 10th for most titles in Korean go history.
Won Seong-jin 9 dan – winner of the GS Caltex Cup in 2010.
Chen Shiyuan 9 dan – top Taiwanese player and winner of the 4th Japan-Taiwan Jingying.
Park Junghwan 9 dan – the youngest Korean 9 dan.
Lee Younggu 8 dan – runner-up of the Prices Information Cup in 2007.
Yun Junsang 8 dan – won the national champion, Guksu, in 2006.
Kim Jiseok 7 dan – won most games (71) and the Prices Information Cup in 2009.
See also
Go professional
References
1957 births
Living people
South Korean Go players
The Discordian or Erisian calendar is an alternative calendar used by some adherents of Discordianism. It is specified on page 00034 of the Principia Discordia.
The Discordian year 1 YOLD is 1166 BC. (Elsewhere in the Principia Discordia, it is mentioned that the Curse of Greyface occurred in 1166 BC. As a reference, AD is YOLD (Year of Our Lady of Discord). The abbreviation "YOLD" is not used in the Principia, though the phrase "Year of Our Lady of Discord" is mentioned once.
Composition
As described in the Principia Discordia, the Discordian calendar has five 73-day seasons: Chaos, Discord, Confusion, Bureaucracy, and The Aftermath. The Discordian year is aligned with the Gregorian calendar and begins on January 1, thus Chaos 1, YOLD is January 1, Gregorian.
The Erisian week consists of five days: Sweetmorn, Boomtime, Pungenday, Prickle-Prickle, and Setting Orange. The days of the week are named after the five basic Discordian elements: Sweet, Boom, Pungent, Prickle, and Orange. There are 73 of these weeks per year and every year begins with Sweetmorn.
Every fourth year in the Discordian calendar, starting in 2 YOLD, an extra day is inserted between Chaos 59 and Chaos 60 called St. Tib's Day. This is because 4 years + 1 day = 5, a holy number, but the Discordian leap year also coincides with the Gregorian one. The result of this is that any given day of the year in the Discordian calendar may be taken to correspond to the same day of the year in the Gregorian calendar, and vice versa, although some users of the calendar believe that it is tied to the Julian calendar and so will diverge from the Gregorian in 3266 YOLD (AD 2100). St. Tib's Day is considered outside the Discordian week.
There are Apostle Holydays on the 5th day of each season, named after the 5 Discordian apostles: Mungday, for Hung Mung; Mojoday, for Dr. Van Van Mojo; Syaday, for Sri Syadasti; Zaraday, for Zarathud; and Maladay, for Malaclypse the Elder. There are also Season Holydays on the 50th of each season: Chaoflux, Discoflux, Confuflux, Bureflux, and Afflux.
Only these eleven dates are named in the Principia Discordia; however, Discordians have felt free to invent other holidays which have become popular to varying degrees. Some of these include Discordians for Jesus/Love Your Neighbor Day (March 25/Discord 11); Jake Day (April 6/Discord 23 or occasionally May 23/Discord 70), a day to send tongue-in-cheek letters, emails or faxes to an official or bureaucracy; Saint Camping's Day (May 21/Discord 68), a day to make End of Days predictions and share them in social media; Eris Day (May 23/Discord 70), a day to gather and celebrate Goddess; Towel Day (May 25/Discord 72); Mid Year's Day (July 2/Confusion 37); X-Day (July 5/Confusion 40); and Multiversal Underwear Day (August 10/Bureaucracy 3).
Implementations
ddate is a program that prints the current date in the Discordian calendar. It was a part of the util-linux package containing basic system utilities. As such, it had been included at least since 1994 in nearly all Linux distributions. In August 2011 however, one of the maintainers of util-linux made ddate optional, and by default omitted.
In October 2012, ddate was completely removed from util-linux.
The ddate program now has an upstream source. There was some controversy, but in the end, anyone wishing to reintroduce ddate to a distribution will have to create a separate package based on the new upstream. This has been done for Debian, FreeBSD, Fedora Linux,
and Gentoo Linux for example.
There are many other programs with similar functionality, such as HodgePodge, an Android widget. Discordian-calendar is an implementation using Java 8's date and time classes.
References
External links
'ddate' Linux man page @ die.net
Discordian Calendar described in the Principia Discorda
Discordian Holydays in vCalendar/iCalendar format
Holydays from the Ek-sen-trik-kuh Discordia
Java sources for Discordian date calculation
Mac OS X Dashboard Widget to calculate current Discordian date
Online Gregorian-to-Erisian Date Converter
Online Thuddite-to-Discordian (and vice versa) calendar
Calendar eras
Calendar
Specific calendars
Discordian holidays
Park im. Marszałka Józefa Piłsudskiego, Września (English: Marshal Józef Piłsudski Park, Września) is a park and memorial in Września in (Września County, in Poland). It has an area of about . The park is managed by gmina Września.
The park features a pond, playgrounds, natural monuments and sports facilities. In 2002, a municipal swimming pool, which serves as a skating rink during winter, was built in the neighbourhood of the park. A skatepark was added in 2006.
Location
The park is located in the northern part of the city. The main entrance to the park in the form of a gate and stairs is located on the side of Daszyński street. It is bordered by Parkowa street and the river Wrześnica.
History
In 1925, the city began the construction of the city park with an area of at the intersection of Gniezno street and Dworcowa street. For this purpose, the land was purchased from Helena Mycielska. The project was overseen by the director of urban gardens in Poznan Dr. Wladyslaw Marciniec. The plan provided for flower beds, tennis courts, children's playgrounds, a restaurant building and nursery trees. The park became available to residents on the day of Corpus Christi, June 16, 1927. It was initially named Wiosna Ludów (Polish Revolution of 1848), and in 1935 was renamed after Józef Piłsudski. About 500 trees and more than 7 thousand shrubs were planted in the park and in 1927-1928 more than 30 benches were purchased. Edward Grabski from Bieganowo presented the park with three statues the god of thunder-Perkun, the god of conflagration-Jesse and the goddess of war-Bellona.
Nature
In the park, there are a variety of species of trees and shrubs, both deciduous and coniferous. There are 43 species of trees and 21 species of shrubs, but the park is dominated by alder and black poplar as well as oak, maple, plane and black walnut. In the central part of the park there is a small pond.
Natural monuments include an erratic block of granite.
Gallery
Sources
History of the Park im. Marszałka Józefa Piłsudskiego, Września
Park im. Marszałka Józefa Piłsudskiego, Września photo gallery
Września
Parks in Greater Poland Voivodeship
Maude Storey, CBE, FRCN (24 March 1930 – 29 March 2003) was a British nurse, nursing administrator and writer, as well as President of the Royal College of Nursing from 1988 to 1990.
Career
Storey was born at Wigan, where she attended the Wigan and District Mining and Technical College, After training in Manchester, she went to London to qualify as a midwife.
She then returned to Wigan and was named clinical instructor at Wigan Infirmary (1959–68) as well as a member of the Wigan Health Authority. After serving as a regional nursing officer for the Mersey Regional Health Authority, she was appointed registrar of the General Nursing Council of England and Wales (1977–81); she would be the last such registrar, and the first chief executive of its successor, the Central Council for Nursing, Midwifery and Health Visiting (1981–87).
Personal life
Never married, Storey was a devout Methodist. She suffered from diabetes although no official cause was given in the news reports of her death, which came five days after her 73rd birthday in Reading, Berkshire in 2003.
Index of writings by Maude Storey
Operation and education in home health care service: A study on home health care services in a hospital: Wonju Christian Hospital
Operation and education in home health care service: Operational research on the development of a hospital based home health care program
Development of a new statutory structure for nursing, midwifery and health visiting in the United Kingdom
Nurse education conference: meeting society's requirements
Nurses must take the professional conduct code seriously
UK Central Council elections: why bother?
Your profession needs you: determining our destiny
Keeping an eye on care
References
1930 births
2003 deaths
British civil servants
British medical writers
Women medical writers
British Methodists
English nurses
British nursing administrators
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
British midwives
People from Wigan
Fellows of the Royal College of Nursing
Presidents of the Royal College of Nursing
Gian Marco Moroni was the defending champion but withdrew from the tournament due to a back injury.
Federico Coria won the title after defeating Francesco Passaro 7–6(7–2), 6–4 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
External links
Main draw
Qualifying draw
Aspria Tennis Cup - 1
2022 Singles
The 1983 CFL Draft composed of eight rounds where over 72 Canadian football players were chosen from eligible Canadian universities and Canadian players playing in the NCAA. A total of nine players were selected as territorial exemptions, with every team but Montreal making at least one selection during this stage of the draft.
Territorial exemptions
British Columbia Lions Jim Mills OL Hawaii
Calgary Stampeders Greg Vavra QB Calgary
Edmonton Eskimos Blake Dermott OL Alberta
Hamilton Tiger-Cats Jim Pendergast TE Queen's
Ottawa Rough Riders Roger Cattelan OT Boston College
Ottawa Rough Riders (via Montreal) Mike Hudson TE Guelph
Saskatchewan Roughriders Scott Redl DE Saskatchewan
Toronto Argonauts Kelvin Pruenster OT Cal-Poly
Winnipeg Blue Bombers Scott Oliver LB Moorhead State
1st round
2nd Round
3rd Round
19. Montreal Concordes Blake Nill DL Calgary
20. Ottawa Rough Riders Sam Benincasa LB Guelph
21. Saskatchewan Roughriders Richard White LB Simon Fraser
22. Hamilton Tiger-Cats Carey Lapa LB British Columbia
23. British Columbia Lions William Bickowski FB Wilfrid Laurier
24. Calgary Stampeders Bill Mintsoulis WR Toronto
25. Winnipeg Blue Bombers John Pitts LB Western Ontario
26. Toronto Argonauts Kevin Adams DB Waterloo
27. Edmonton Eskimos Rick Makos G Toronto
4th Round
28. Montreal Concordes Jim Kardash TE Western Ontario
29. Ottawa Rough Riders John Kane OL Michigan State
30. Saskatchewan Roughriders Art Heier WR Waterloo
31. Hamilton Tiger-Cats Rory Radford LB Guelph
32. British Columbia Lions Jerome Erdman WR Simon Fraser
33. Calgary Stampeders Brian Strong OL Montana State
34. Winnipeg Blue Bombers Pat Cantner TE British Columbia
35. Toronto Argonauts Boyd Young DL Ottawa
36. Edmonton Eskimos Steve Hall DB Guelph
5th Round
37. Montreal Concordes Steve Nagel DE Wilfrid Laurier
38. Ottawa Rough Riders Courtney Taylor DB Wilfrid Laurier
39. Saskatchewan Roughriders Joel Johnston FB Simon Fraser
40. Hamilton Tiger-Cats George Piva T British Columbia
41. British Columbia Lions Harold Jackman T Moorhead State
42. Calgary Stampeders Tim Petros TB Calgary
43. Winnipeg Blue Bombers Todd Turnbull G Wilfrid Laurier
44. Toronto Argonauts Bryan Black G Guelph
45. Edmonton Eskimos Jerry Philip DB York
6th Round
46. Montreal Concordes Ed Slabikowski DB Windsor
47. Ottawa Rough Riders Francois Payer DE Bishop's
48. Saskatchewan Roughriders Todd McGauley DE Western Ontario
49. Hamilton Tiger-Cats David Brace TE Western Connecticut State
50. British Columbia Lions Kyle Barrow LB Western Ontario
51. Calgary Stampeders Matt Janes LB Western Ontario
52. Winnipeg Blue Bombers Fred Lyseyko LB Manitoba
53. Toronto Argonauts Joel Tynes TB St. Francis Xavier
54. Edmonton Eskimos Paul Hickle K Saskatchewan
7th Round
55. Montreal Concordes Ken Ross DE Carleton
56. Ottawa Rough Riders Chris Rhora DE Acadia
57. Saskatchewan Roughriders Alain Groleau DB Ottawa
58. Hamilton Tiger-Cats Mike Zivolak C Western Ontario
59. British Columbia Lions Mike Brown DB Toronto
60. Calgary Stampeders Mike Kurchak K Nevada-Las Vegas
61. Winnipeg Blue Bombers Dave Bowness TE Manitoba
62. Toronto Argonauts Dave Waud LB Wilfrid Laurier
63. Edmonton Eskimos Gord Reinich SB Alberta
8th Round
64. Montreal Concordes Scott Leckie DB Toronto
65. Ottawa Rough Riders Don Clow WR Acadia
66. Saskatchewan Roughriders Reindy Dundas DT Minot State
67. Hamilton Tiger-Cats Jack Kalthof LB Saskatchewan
68. British Columbia Lions Ken Munroe WR British Columbia
69. Calgary Stampeders Yorg Gromer TE Montana-Western
70. Winnipeg Blue Bombers Danny Jakobs DB Manitoba
71. Toronto Argonauts Rick Van Maanen DL Western Ontario
72. Edmonton Eskimos Jaimie Crawford QB Alberta
References
Canadian College Draft
Cfl Draft, 1983
The 1998 Australian Touring Car season was the 39th year of touring car racing in Australia since the first runnings of the Australian Touring Car Championship and the fore-runner of the present day Bathurst 1000, the Armstrong 500.
Two major touring car categories raced in Australia during 1998, V8 Supercar and Super Touring. Between them there were 23 touring car race meetings held during 1998; a ten-round series for V8 Supercars, the 1998 Australian Touring Car Championship (ATCC); an eight-round series for Super Touring, the 1998 Australian Super Touring Championship (ASTC); support programme events at the 1998 Australian Grand Prix and 1998 Honda Indy 300 and three stand alone long distance races, nicknamed 'enduros'.
Results and standings
Race calendar
The 1998 Australian touring car season consisted of 23 events.
Australian Touring Car Championship
Super Touring GT-P Race
This meeting was a support event of the 1998 Australian Grand Prix. The thin Super Touring field was bolstered by cars from the Australian GT-Production Car Championship (indicated in italics).
TAC V8 Supercar Showdown
This meeting was a support event of the 1998 Australian Grand Prix.
Australian Super Touring Championship
Tickford 500
AMP Bathurst 1000
Hog's Breath V8 Supercar Challenge
This meeting was a support event of the 1998 Honda Indy 300.
FAI 1000 Classic
References
Additional references can be found in linked event/series reports.
External links
Official V8 Supercar site
1998 Racing Results Archive
Australian Touring Car Championship
Supercar seasons
Touring Cars
Auger architectomics is a scientific imaging technique that allows biologists, working in the field of nano-technology, to slice open the cells of living organisms to view and assess their internal workings. Using argon gas etching to open the cells and a scanning electron microscope to create a three-dimensional view, researchers can harness this technique to track how cells function. This is most importantly used to assess how cells react to medication, for instance in the field of cancer research.
It was first discovered in 2010 by Professor Lodewyk Kock and his team working in the biotechnology department at the University of the Free State in South Africa. The technique was adapted from Nano Scanning Auger Microscopy (NanoSAM), a technique used by physical scientists to study the surface structures of metal and inanimate materials such as semiconductors. Originally designed to observe yeast cells to find out more about how they manufactured the gas that causes bread to rise, the scientists discovered that the process could also be used in observing other living cells. In 2012 the technique was successfully applied to human cell tissue.
History
The project was initiated at the University of the Free State by the Kock group in 1982, with the major inputs and breakthroughs occurring between 2007 and 2012. The initial aim was to explore lipid biochemical routes, which would uncover unique lipids in yeasts, and to develop new taxonomies on the structures of these lipids. This unfolded into the development of the anti-mitochondrial antifungal assay (3A system), where yeast sensors are used to indicate anti-mitochondrial activity in compounds. These compounds, aimed at selectively switching off the mitochondria, therefore, might find application in combating various diseases such as fungal infections and cancer. Auger architectomics, which opens up individual cells to scan them, can be used to assess the effectiveness of such drugs by determining if a single cell can be "powered down" with targeted treatment.
Based on the development of the anti-mitochondrial antifungal assay system, the University of the Free State scientists felt there was a need to analyse the system in more detail. As a result, they adapted Nano Scanning Auger Microscopy, a technique used to scan the properties of metals in physics, to apply it to cells. The result was a combination of auger atom electron physics, electron microscopy, and argon etching.
The main challenge in applying the technology to biological material was to invent a sample preparation procedure that would ensure that the atom and 3D structure remained stable while argon nano-etching occurred. During the NanoSAM scanning electron microscope visualisation, an electron beam at 25 kV is used instead of the normal 5 kV beams. Sample fixation and dehydration methods had to be developed and optimised to fit NanoSAM without creating sample distortions. Dehydration regimes based on alcohol extraction procedures were installed and optimised, while fixation using various fixatives was included. Electron conductivity of samples throughout Argon etching was assured by optimised gold sputtering.
Procedure
Firstly, the biological sample is plated with gold to stabilise the outer structure and make it electron conductive. It is then scanned in SEM mode and the surface visually enlarged. Auger atom electron physics are applied and selected areas on the sample surface are beamed with electrons. The incident beam ejects an electron in the inner orbital of the atom, leaving an open space. This is filled by an electron from an outer orbital by relaxation. Energy is released, causing the ejection of an electron from the outer orbital. This electron is called the Auger electron. The amount of energy that is released is measured by auger electron spectroscopy (AES) and used to identify the atom and its intensity. Similarly, the surface area can be screened by an electron beam eventually yielding auger electrons that are mapped, showing the distribution of atoms in different colours covering a surface area of predetermined size. The previously-screened surface of the sample is etched with argon, exposing a new surface of the sample that is then again analysed. In this way, a 3-dimensional image and element composition architecture of the whole cell is visualised.
Discoveries
This process in nanotechnology led to the discovery of gas bubbles inside yeasts. This is considered a paradigm shift, since naked gas bubbles are not expected inside any type of cell due to structured water in the cytoplasm. This was exposed in a fluconazole-treated bubble-like sensor of the yeast Nadsonia. This is the only technology known at present that can accomplish this type of nano-analysis on biological material.
Use in medicine
Nanotechnology developments in medicine allow microdoses of drugs and therapies to be delivered directly to infected cells, instead of killing large groups of cells, often at the expense of healthy cells. Gold at a nano-level has the ability to bind to certain types of biological material, which means that certain types of cells can be targeted. The technique of auger architectomics may be used to map the success or otherwise of targeted drug delivery by analysing cells. The team at the University of the Free State is working with the Mayo Clinic to use the technology as a part of their cancer research.
References
Nanotechnology
Electron microscopy
Cell biology
University of the Free State
Khamnung Kikoi Louonbi () is a primordial goddess in Meitei mythology and religion. She is the divine feminine personification of the death. She carries off the souls of people to the underworld () when the time allotted to them to live had expired. If any soul is not willing to accompany her, then she will either serve it a false magical fruit to agree with her conducts or transform herself into the looks of a person, who is the dearest to the soul, especially that of mother, and persuade it (the soul). By any means, she will bring the souls of the dead people to the netherworld. She is the consort of Thongalel, the God of the death and the ruler of the underworld. She is said to be created from the very body of Salailen Sidaba, the Supreme Being.
See also
Thongalen
Laikhurembi
References
External links
A Critical Study Of The Religious Philosophy
Arts deities
Arts goddesses
Beauty deities
Beauty goddesses
Death deities
Death goddesses
Fortune deities
Fortune goddesses
Leima
Life-death-rebirth deities
Life-death-rebirth goddesses
Liminal deities
Liminal goddesses
Love and lust deities
Love and lust goddesses
Magic deities
Magic goddesses
Maintenance deities
Maintenance goddesses
Meitei gods and goddesses
Music and singing deities
Music and singing goddesses
Names of God in Sanamahism
Nature deities
Nature goddesses
Peace deities
Peace goddesses
Time and fate deities
Time and fate goddesses
Trickster deities
Trickster goddesses
Underworld deities
Underworld goddesses
Wisdom deities
Wisdom goddesses
Daytona Beach Islanders was a name for various minor league baseball teams that have all played in the Florida State League from 1920–1966 and in 1977 and again from 1985–1986. In 1968 through 1973, the team became the Daytona Beach Dodgers, due to their affiliation with the Los Angeles Dodgers. In 1977, the team once again took up the Islanders name before becoming the Daytona Beach Astros for the next seven seasons. Then, for the 1985 and 1986 seasons, they were, yet again, known as the Daytona Beach Islanders, playing as a co-op club of the Baltimore Orioles and Texas Rangers for the first of those years and as a full affiliate of the Rangers for the 1986 season. Finally the team became the Daytona Beach Admirals (and was a Chicago White Sox affiliate) in 1987, before being sold and becoming the St. Lucie Mets.
History
Islanders
The first team known as the Daytona Islanders team was an independent team that played from 1920–1924. Partway through the 1924 season, they moved to Clearwater, Florida to become the Clearwater Pelicans. The second team was an affiliate of the St. Louis Cardinals (1936–1938, 1940–41) and Brooklyn Dodgers (1939). While the Islanders were an affiliate of the Cardinals, Stan Musial played for them under manager Dickey Kerr. The third team played from 1946–1966 as an affiliate of the Brooklyn Dodgers (1946), Cleveland Indians (1950–53, 55–56), St. Louis Cardinals (1954, 57–60), Chicago White Sox (1961), Kansas City A's (1962–64) and Detroit Tigers (1965–66).
Dodgers
In 1968, the team became the Daytona Beach Dodgers, Single-A affiliate of the Los Angeles Dodgers and continued to play their games in the Florida State League until 1973.
Astros
After a hiatus in 1977, the team was once again named the Islanders, before becoming the Daytona Beach Astros the following year, as an affiliate with the Houston Astros. After 1984, the Astros moved the team to Kissimmee, Florida and they became the Osceola Astros.
Admirals
A team known as the Admirals moved back into Daytona Beach and played for one season, before moving to St. Lucie and becoming the St. Lucie Mets.
Notable alumni
Admirals
John Barfield
Tom Drees
Wayne Edwards
Buddy Groom
Matt Merullo
Bob Milacki
Francisco Oliveras
Allan Ramirez
Billy Ripken
Kenny Rogers
Jeff Tackett
Astros
Ricky Adams
Rod Boxberger
Eric Bullock
Jeff Calhoun
Jeff Datz
Glenn Davis
Bill Doran
Danny Heep
Pedro Hernández
Chris Jones
Mark Knudson
Doug Phifer
Doug Konieczny
Jack Lazorko
Scott Loucks
Louie Meadows
Ron Meridith
John Mizerock
Pat Perry
Johnny Ray
Larry Ray
J. R. Richard
Mark Ross
Roger Samuels
Brent Strom
Tim Tolman
Tony Walker
Robbie Wine
Dodgers
Doyle Alexander
Iván DeJesús
Joe Ferguson
Davey Lopes
Rick Rhoden
Jerry Royster
Bob Shaw
Steve Yeager
Geoff Zahn
Islanders
Red Ames
Bill Antonello
Lou Bevil
Roy Branch
Steve Busby
Bill Butler
Les Cain
Bert Campaneris
Rocky Colavito
Wayland Dean
Bobby Dews
Chuck Diering
Blix Donnelly
Dick Drago
Dave Duncan
Craig Eaton
Danny Garcia
Hank Gornicki
Tom Harrison
Kelly Heath
Mike Jones
Mike Kilkenny
Marcel Lachemann
Gene Lamont
Allan Lewis
Renie Martin
Félix Millán
Ed Olivares
Ken Phelps
Ellie Rodríguez
Joe Rudi
Ron Taylor
Johnny Vander Meer
Jon Warden
Pelicans
Tommy McMillan
Herb Thomas
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Daytona Beach baseball history
Baseball teams established in 1920
Baseball teams disestablished in 1987
Defunct Florida State League teams
Detroit Tigers minor league affiliates
Cleveland Guardians minor league affiliates
Kansas City Athletics minor league affiliates
St. Louis Cardinals minor league affiliates
Brooklyn Dodgers minor league affiliates
Los Angeles Dodgers minor league affiliates
Houston Astros minor league affiliates
Kansas City Royals minor league affiliates
Texas Rangers minor league affiliates
Chicago White Sox minor league affiliates
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Defunct baseball teams in Florida
1920 establishments in Florida
1987 disestablishments in Florida
Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Sidon (in Latin: Eparchia Sidoniensis Maronitarum) is an eparchy of the Maronite Church immediately subject to the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch in Lebanon. In 2014 there were 156,000 baptized. It is currently headed by bishop Maroun Ammar.
Territory and statistics
The eparchy extends its jurisdiction over the Maronite faithful in the region around the city of Sidon (Saida in Arabic). Its eparchial seat is the city of Sidon, where is located the Saint Elias Cathedral.
The territory is divided into 104 parishes and in 2014 there were 156,000 Maronite Catholics.
History
The eparchy dates from the beginning of the Maronite Church, united to the See of Tyre. The first information about the Eparchy of Sidon is related to 1626, when the bishop of Sidon Youssef Khalib el-Akouri is mentioned. In 1646 he was elected Patriarch of Antioch. The name of the bishop of Sidon Gabriel is also mentioned in 1736, when the Synod of Mount Lebanon canonically established the Eparchy of Tyre-Sidon and he participated. The two cities of the former eparchy were separated and the Eparchy of Tyre was created on February 18, 1900 (or according to other sources 26 January 1906).
Eparchs
Youssef Halib el-Akouri (1626 consecrated - 29 November 1646 appointed Maronite Patriarch of Antioch)
John (mentioned on 12 June 1673)
Gabriel (mentioned in 1733)
Eparchy of Tyre-Sidon
United from 1736 to 1900
Eparchs of Sidon
Paul Basbous, (February 18, 1900 ordered - September 7, 1918 deceased)
Augustin Bostani, (February 23, 1919 - October 30, 1957 deceased)
Anthony Peter Khoraish, (November 25, 1957 - February 15, 1975 appointed Maronite Patriarch of Antioch)
Ibrahim Hélou, (July 12, 1975 - February 3, 1996 deceased)
Tanios El Khoury, (June 8, 1996 - 2005 retired)
Elias Nassar, (September 24, 2005 - June 17, 2017 retired)
Maroun Ammar, (since June 17, 2017)
See also
Christianity in Lebanon
References
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/diocese/dsadm.html
http://www.gcatholic.org/dioceses/diocese/said1.htm
Maronite Church in Lebanon
Maronite Catholic eparchies
1900 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
Sidon District
The 1969 Astro-Bluebonnet Bowl was a college football bowl game that featured the Houston Cougars and the Auburn Tigers.
Background
After two losses to Florida and Oklahoma State, the Cougars won eight straight games, including a perfect 5–0 record in the Astrodome, in their first bowl game since 1962. The Tigers finished third in the Southeastern Conference, after losses to #17 Tennessee and #9 LSU. This was their second straight bowl game.
Game summary
Auburn's Terry Beasley fumbled the opening kickoff and Houston safety Nick Holm recovered to set up a Houston opportunity three minutes into the game. Quarterback Gary Mullins scored on a touchdown plunge to make it 7–0. After Auburn punted the ball, Houston drove 70 yards in 14 plays, culminating with a Carlos Lopez 27-yard field goal to make it 10–0 in the beginning of the second quarter. After another Auburn punt, the Cougars scored again, highlighted by a 74-yard run by Jim Strong on first-and-10 at Houston's 16 to the Auburn 10. He scored on a touchdown plunge soon after. Auburn's Mickey Zofko completed a 36-yard halfback option pass to Connie Frederick to make it 16–7 with 3:36 in the half. An 8- play, 71-yard drive was culminated by a Ted Heiskell touchdown run to make it 22–7 in the third quarter. With 11:48 remaining in the game, Houston scored again on a 12 yard touchdown run by Strong. With :35 seconds left, Rusty Clark threw a touchdown pass to Tommy Mozisek to make the final score 36–7. Jim Strong rushed for 184 yards on 32 carries.
Aftermath
Houston finished with a #12 ranking in the final AP Poll. The Cougars returned to the Astro-Bluebonnet Bowl two years later. The next bowl game for Auburn was the 1971 Gator Bowl, following the 1970 season.
Statistics
References
Astro-Bluebonnet Bowl
Bluebonnet Bowl
Auburn Tigers football bowl games
Houston Cougars football bowl games
Astro-Bluebonnet
December 1969 sports events in the United States
Ricky Womack (May 7, 1961 in Detroit, Michigan – January 19, 2002 at St. John Oakland Hospital, Madison Heights, Michigan) was a professional boxer from the United States. Known primarily for his amateur career, during which he already earned his nickname "Wonderful," coming to attention of Howard Cosell, who predicted his bright future as a most likely U.S. Olympic Team light heavyweight for the 1984 Olympics, and a successful professional career afterwards, but both predictions proved unfulfilled, as Womack lost the Olympic qualifiers to Evander Holyfield, and his up-and-coming professional career crumbled after a criminal conviction.
Early years
Womack had a physically abusive father, and neglecting mother. Eventually social services took Ricky along with his seven brothers and sisters away from his mother to a foster care. He started boxing at the age of thirteen with the Kronk Gym, being trained by Emanuel Steward. But troubled childhood deeply affected his personality, he became a staunch kleptomaniac and had frequent brushes with the law enforcement authorities. At that time his teammate, another Kronk's young talent Mark Breland came under Womack's destructive influence. Womack's criminal habits eventually led him to a long term prison sentence.
Amateur career
Womack had a remarkable amateur career, defeating future legend Evander Holyfield several times (one by walkover,) with two of the losses being avenged by Evander at the Olympic Box-offs, and cutting Ricky's way to the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Holyfield rivalry
Womack jumped into heavyweight already in 1982, winning the AAU Nationals, and proving he's comfortable in that weight class, but he soon came back into light heavyweight, reportedly to prove to his long-lasting nemesis, Holyfield, that he was the better man. As Holyfield later recalled:
Highlights
Boxing at the Ohio State Fair (178 lbs), Columbus, Ohio, August 1982:
Finals: Defeated Jeff Goff by decision
United States National Championships (201 lbs), Indianapolis, Indiana, December 1982:
1/16: Defeated Bill Soaki RET 3
1/8: Defeated Patrick Slade by unanimous decision, 5–0
1/4: Defeated Poncho Carter KO 1
1/2: Defeated Terry Anderson by majority decision, 4–1
Finals: Defeated Richard Johnson by unanimous decision, 5–0
USA–USSR Duals (178 lbs), Caesars Palace, Las Vegas, Nevada, February 1983:
Defeated Vitaliy Kachanovskiy (Soviet Union) RSC 1
National Golden Gloves (178 lbs), Albuquerque, New Mexico, March 1983:
1/4: Defeated ? Larson
1/2: Defeated Sherman Griffin by decision
Finals: Defeated Johnny Williams by decision
AIBA International World Championships Challenge (178 lbs), Korakuen Hall, Tokyo, Japan, May 1983:
Lost to Pablo Romero (Cuba) by majority decision, 1–4
National Sports Festival (178 lbs), Colorado Springs, Colorado, June 1983:
1/2: Defeated Ronnie North by unanimous decision, 5–0
Finals (Pan Am Trials): Lost to Evander Holyfield by split decision, 2–3
Pan Am Box-Offs (178 lbs), St. Louis, Missouri, August 1983:
Finals: Lost to Evander Holyfield by decision
North American Championships (178 lbs), Houston, Texas, September 1983:
1/2: Defeated Danny Lindstrom (Canada) DQ 2
Finals: Defeated Pablo Romero (Cuba) by majority decision, 4–1
World Cup (178 lbs), Palazzo dello Sport, Rome, Italy, October 1983:
1/4: Defeated Lee Hoo Soo (South Korea) by unanimous decision, 5–0
1/2: Defeated Paweł Skrzecz (Poland) by walkover
Finals: Lost to Vitaliy Kachanovskiy (Soviet Union) by majority decision, 1–4
United States National Championships (178 lbs), Colorado Springs, Colorado, November 1983:
1/8: Defeated Sherman Griffin KO 1
1/4: Defeated David Lester KO 1
1/2: Defeated Evander Holyfield by walkover
Finals: Defeated Bennie Heard by unanimous decision, 5–0
USA–GDR Duals (178 lbs), Biloxi, Mississippi, November 1983:
Defeated Andreas Schroth (East Germany) by majority decision, 2–1
USA–Combined Team of GBR & Canada Duals (178 lbs), Reno, Nevada, November 1983:
Defeated Ken Johnson (Canada) KO 1
AIBA International World Championships Challenge (178 lbs), Memorial Coliseum, Los Angeles, California, April 1984:
Defeated Pablo Romero (Cuba) RSC 1
National Olympic Trials (178 lbs), Tarrant County Convention Center, Fort Worth, Texas, June 1984:
1/4: Defeated Orbit Pough RSC 2
1/2: Defeated Evander Holyfield by split decision, 3–2
Finals: Defeated Bennie Heard by unanimous decision, 5–0
Olympic Box-offs (178 lbs), Caesars Palace, Las Vegas, Nevada, July 1984:
Day 1: Lost to Evander Holyfield by majority decision, 1–4
Day 2: Lost to Evander Holyfield by majority decision, 1–4
Afterwards Womack signed a contract with the Kronk boxing team when he turned professional.
Womack finished his amateur career with an estimated record of 54 wins, 14 losses.
Professional career
Womack turned pro in 1984 and began his career with a promising string of victories, including a victory over future champion Uriah Grant, and was undefeated in his first nine bouts until troubles outside of the ring derailed his career.
Troubles outside the ring
Womack was sentenced to 25 years for armed robbery. After serving 15 years, Womack was released in November 2000.
Comeback
After his release, Womack returned to the ring in 2001 and won all four bouts.
Professional boxing record
|-
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="8"|13 Wins (6 knockouts, 7 decisions), 0 Losses, 1 Draw
|- style="text-align:center; background:#e3e3e3;"
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Result
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|OppRecord
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Opponent
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Type
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Round
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Date
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Location
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Notes
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Willie "Wreckless" Chapman
|UD
|6
|23 Nov 2001
|align=left| The Palace, Auburn Hills, Michigan, United States
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Kenny Show
|UD
|4
|24 Jul 2001
|align=left| Chene Park, Detroit, Michigan, United States
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Gesses Mesgana
|TKO
|4
|11 May 2001
|align=left| Gray's Armory, Cleveland, Ohio, United States
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Curt "Professor" Paige
|TKO
|3
|29 Mar 2001
|align=left| Cobo Hall, Detroit, Michigan, United States
|align=left|
|-align=center
|colspan=8 style=background:lavender|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| John "Governor" Smith
|TKO
|2
|3 Dec 1985
|align=left| Showboat Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Uriah Grant
|PTS
|6
|17 Oct 1985
|align=left| Star Plaza Theatre, Merrillville, Indiana, United States
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Billy "The Kid" Saunders
|TKO
|3
|30 Aug 1985
|align=left| Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino, Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Dawud Shaw
|UD
|6
|1 Aug 1985
|align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Bob "Lightning" Smith
|UD
|6
|30 Jun 1985
|align=left| Tropicana Las Vegas, Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| David Vedder
|UD
|6
|15 Apr 1985
|align=left| Caesars Palace, Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Victor Felder
|KO
|2
|31 Jan 1985
|align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Jerry Parker
|UD
|4
|19 Oct 1984
|align=left| Madison Square Garden, New York City, United States
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Bill Hollis
|TKO
|1
|15 Sep 1984
|align=left| Saginaw Civic Center, Saginaw, Michigan, United States
|align=left|
|-
|Draw
|
|align=left| Sonny Jones
|PTS
|4
|26 Jul 1984
|align=left| Miami Beach Convention Center, Miami Beach, Florida, United States
|align=left|
|}
Death
On January 19, 2002, Womack committed suicide, two months after his last fight.
References
External links
(history)
Boxers from Detroit
Heavyweight boxers
Winners of the United States Championship for amateur boxers
National Golden Gloves champions
1961 births
2002 suicides
American male boxers
American people convicted of robbery
American sportspeople convicted of crimes
Amoghapasa inscription is an inscription inscribed on the back of pāduka Amoghapāśa as referred to in Padang Roco inscription.
In 1347, Adityawarman added this inscription on back of the statue proclaimed that the statue portrayed himself. Today the inscription is stored in the National Museum of Indonesia in Jakarta with inventory number D.198-6469 (the statue part).
References
Inscriptions in Indonesia
14th-century inscriptions
Singhasari
Srivijaya
is a retired Japanese backstroke, butterfly and medley swimmer. She represented her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. She is best known for winning two gold medals at the 1999 Summer Universiade in Palma de Mallorca. She also competed twice on Sasuke in the 28th and 29th competitions. In the 28th competition, she failed the Quintuple Step. In the 29th competition, she failed the Hedgehog.
External links
1980 births
Living people
Olympic swimmers of Japan
Swimmers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
People from Osaka Prefecture
Japanese female freestyle swimmers
Japanese female backstroke swimmers
Japanese female breaststroke swimmers
Japanese female butterfly swimmers
Japanese female medley swimmers
World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Asian Games medalists in swimming
Swimmers at the 1998 Asian Games
Swimmers at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Universiade medalists in swimming
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Asian Games silver medalists for Japan
Universiade gold medalists for Japan
Universiade silver medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 1999 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 2001 Summer Universiade
21st-century Japanese women
20th-century Japanese women
Tanger Outlets The Walk is a 109-store open-air outlet mall in Atlantic City, New Jersey. It is the only outlet mall in Atlantic County. The mall opened in August 2003 and spans 3 city blocks, featuring a unique layout in outlet mall construction.
History
The outlet mall, which is owned by Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, spans nine city blocks at the intersections of Atlantic Avenue, Arctic, Baltic, Michigan and Arkansas Avenues. The original phase of the complex was built on the site of the Atlantic City Bus Terminal, where the original station became a Polo Ralph Lauren outlet and the new bus terminal was surrounded by the mall. The center's first two expansions are part of what was originally called the "Corridor Project", which built new lighting, roadways, parkland, and a faux lighthouse along the entrance to Atlantic City in the early 2000s. The lighthouse was torn down in 2006 to make way for Phase II which included a large Nike outlet and other stores that are located in the divider island of Missouri and Arkansas Avenue.
In 2011, a controlling interest in Phase I and II of The Walk was sold as part of a $200 million, two-property sale to Tanger Factory Outlet Centers. A document filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said Tanger Properties Limited Partnership agreed to acquire "substantially all of the economic interests" in two outlet properties from Cordish Co. entities, which includes The Walk and another Cordish property in Ocean City, Maryland. Cordish Co. will remain the owner of Phase III until October, and will keep the right to develop Phase IV.
Phase III and IV
The outdoor mall recently completed an expansion to extend the complex across Missouri Avenue. The $15 million addition added 9 new stores and opened in April 2011 with the opening of a Hanes outlet. Adjacent to the expansion will be a new garage called Wave to serve customers of Tanger Outlets The Walk and patrons of the Atlantic City Convention Center. The project received funding from and was built by the Casino Reinvestment Development Authority. The Wave garage opened in February 2012 and includes street-front stores facing Mississippi Avenue. The parking garage was expanded to include the Noyes Arts Garage in 2013, a spinoff of the Noyes Museum and Stockton College, that included both a mall-area for local artists to sell their wares and the African American Heritage Museum of Southern New Jersey.
Phase IV of the project was to be called "Atlantic City Live!" and feature a mix of restaurants, live entertainment, bars and nightclubs. The original planned Phase IV expansion would have been based on the Cordish Company's other projects bearing a "-Live!" suffix, such as Kansas City Live! and Power Plant Live!. The vacant Sun National Bank building on the Atlantic and Arkansas Avenues was expected to be incorporated into the outlet district as a restaurant. Eventually, Cordish declared that a different and less ambitious Phase IV had been completed in 2015, and that no further phases were planned. The opening of a Bass Pro Shops store between Arctic and Atlantic Avenues along Mississippi Avenue was declared to have been the new phase 4.
See also
Map of The Walk
References
External links
Official website
International Council of Shopping Centers: Atlantic City Outlets The Walk
Buildings and structures in Atlantic City, New Jersey
Tourist attractions in Atlantic County, New Jersey
Outlet malls in the United States
Shopping malls in New Jersey
Shopping malls established in 2003
The Cordish Companies
is a Japanese flower artist, botanical sculptor, and co-founder of JARDINS des FLEURS.
Biography
Born in Fukuoka Prefecture, Azuma moved to Tokyo in 1997 to pursue his dream of becoming a rock musician. Around this time he took a job as a trader in the Ota Market, one of Japan's largest flower and produce markets. He cites his job at the Ota Market as the inspiration for pursuing a career in flowers. With his interest in ornamental flowers piqued, he then took a job managing a flower shop in Azabu-Jūban in 1999.
Azuma began his career as a flower artist in 2002 with the opening of the flower shop JARDINS des FLEURS. He partnered with photographer Shiinoki Shunsuketo to open the flower shop. Around 2005 Azuma began to explore a new form of floral design that he called botanical sculpture, the work for which he is now known.
Career
2016
Sep 28 - Stage Collaboration with Dries Van Noten 2017 S/S Women's collection, using original artwork "Iced Flowers"
Sep 20-25 - Installation, "Botanical sculpture" for FUJIFILM's booth at Photokina, Cologne, Germany
Aug 27 - Sep 25 - Art Installation, "Drop Time" at the Mass in Jingumae, Tokyo
Jun 21 - Art Installation, "Burning Flowers" at an Old Rock Quarry Site in Tochigi, Japan
May 16–29 – Art Collaboration, “FENDI FLOWERLAND” at Selfridges & Co, London
Apr 9-10 – Exhibition, Botanical Sculpture #6 Dynamite at AMFC, Tokyo
Apr – Botanical installation live, “PALM TREE x ALGIERS”
Mar 25 - Apr 17 – Art Collaboration, “FENDI FLOWERLAND” at FENDI GINZA, Tokyo
Mar 17 – May 9 – Exhibition, Human l Nature curated by Andrew Zuckerman #5 capsule at CHAMBER, NYC
Mar 9-15 – Art Collaboration, “FENDI FLOWERLAND” at Isetan Shinjuku, Tokyo
Feb 19-21 – Exhibition, “Botanical Sculpture Polypore” at AMFC, Tokyo
Jan 25-30 – Art installation, “PETAL BOX” at Colette, Paris
2015
Dec – Art direction, “Flower Universe” for Planetarium at Haneda international airport, Tokyo
Nov – Installation, “Fur Tree” for FENDI Ginza pop-up store, Tokyo
Nov – Exhibition, “Azuma Makoto Exposition”, Lambersart, France
Nov – Installation for Christmas table of Royal Copenhagen “Silent forest”, Tokyo
Oct – Exhibition, ”Shiki : Landscape and Beyond”, Dallas
Oct – Art product, “Paludarium OSAMU” in CHAMBER NYC, NY
Sep – Art/Visual direction, Book of Pierre Herme ”SATINE”
Jul – Exhibition, “Blue Flower Rebellion”, Saga
Mar – Publication, “ENCYCLOPEDIA OF FLOWERS ll” released from Seigensha
Feb 13 – Art project “DAGAT & BULAKLAK”, in Philippines
Jan 10-11 – Exhibition, “ICED FLOWERS”, Saitama
2014
Jul – Art project “EXOBIOTANICA”, in the Black Rock Desert in Nevada
Jul – Popup shop “Floral shop AMKK” at the POOL aoyama, Minamiaoyama, Tokyo
Jun – Publication, “Flower Method Azuma Makoto” released from Bijutsu Shuppan
Jun – Installation of the entire floor for the opening ceremony at Toranomon Hills, Tokyo
May – Botanical Installation x live concert “The Lost Eden” for Dragon-i, Hong Kong
Apr – Special installation for Salvatore Ferragamo, at Isetan Shinjuku, Tokyo
Mar – Stage design for NHK Special 4 nights series “Adventure of Human body, the microscopic world”
Mar – Installation for the renewal opening of the fifth floor at Isetan Shinjuku, Tokyo
Mar – Second installment of Installation live “shiki x hakata cycos”, at the ex-pit for Ōya stone, Tochigi
Mar – Collaboration work with artist, Aya Takano “Shuen no mori, soshite hajimari (Forest of the end, and the beginning)” at Kaikaikiki Gallery, Motoazabu, Tokyo
Mar – Flower visual work for Dries van Noten “Inspirations” exhibition at Les Arts Décoratifs, Paris
Jan – Permanent exhibition of “Timeless pine” for an entrance of the office in Roppongi, Tokyo
2013
Dec – Installation, “The world's smallest ice skate link” (in forest), Maison Hermès, Ginza
Dec – Ongoing installation for 6 months “Botanical Sculpture#6 Dance”, Hotel entrance, Shinjuku, Tokyo
Nov – 30th anniversary installation, “Bottle Flower tree”, Imperial Hotel, Tokyo
Oct – Public art installation, art fair “Abierto Mexicano Dedisano”, Mexico
Sep – Flower installation, Pierre Herme Paris new collection presentation, Tokyo
Sep – Flower installation, Pierre Herme Paris new collection presentation, Hong Kong
Aug – Botanical installation, “Botanical Ashtray”, Daikanyama T-SITE, Tokyo
Aug – 1st permanent botanical installation, “Cocoon”, Fukushimameisei High School, Fukushima
Jul − “Encyclopedia of Flowers” selected for ”50BOOKS 50COVERS” at design competition in the United States
May −Botanical installation live “shiki×Naturopolis-Tokyo”, live house, Roppongi, Tokyo
May – Flower installation for the special party at Galerie Perrotin, Hong Kong
Apr – Exhibition in collaboration with the jewelry brand BOUCHERON, Roppongi Hills, Tokyo
Apr – Vegetation and design objet chief director, Roppongi Hills 10th anniversary decoration, Roppongi Hills, Tokyo
Mar – Installation “Collapsible leaves”, Isetan Shinjuku Grand Opening, entire floor,
Mar – Art exhibition “Paludarium Shigelu”, Broached Gallery, Melbourne, Australia
Mar – Vegetation director, “HOUSE VISION 2013 Tokyo Exhibition”, Aomi, Tokyo
Mar – Publication, “Flower and I”(Kyuryudo) released
Nov – Window display “Toki no niwa – Jardin du Temps –“, Maison Hermès, Ginza, Tokyo
2012
Oct – Released compilation book “Encyclopedia of Flowers” English version (Lars Müller Publishers).
Sep – Art Exhibition as a part of Perrier-Jouët Belle Epoque Florale Edition launch for a month, São Paulo, Brazil
Aug – Installation live “shiki-toe” at a warehouse in Kiba, Tokyo
Jul – Released compilation book “Encyclopedia of Flowers” (Seigensha).
Jul – Collaboration, “Belle Epoque Florale Edition” with Perrier-Jouët
Apr – Art Exhibition, Original artwork of “LADY DIOR AS SEEN BY”, Ginza, Tokyo
Apr – Art Exhibition at “Luminale2012”, Frankfurt, Germany
Mar 11 – Apr 15 – Art Exhibition, “Time of moss” at “DESIGNING“, Zendai Contemporary Art Space, Shanghai
Feb – Creative Director, SUNTORY Midorie (Urban ecological development project)
2011
Nov - Stage production, live performance “Hana to Mizu” (Naruyoshi Kikuchi & Hiroshi Minami) Tokyo
Nov – Publication, “2009 – 2011 Flowers” collection of artwork book released, Tokyo
Oct – Art Installation, Cassina ixc. (Interior) Aoyama, Tokyo
Oct – Art collaboration, fashion brand HELMUT LANG featuring “MAKOTO AZUMA#2”, Tokyo
Oct – Art Exhibition, “Collapsible leaves” at gallery GYRE EYE OF GYRE, Tokyo
Aug – Art Exhibition, “Botanical Sculpture #3 lump” at gallery void+, Tokyo
Jun – Art Exhibition, “Time of moss” at Beijing Center for the Arts, China
May – Art video work, “Drop time”
May – Art collaboration, fashion brand HELMUT LANG featuring “MAKOTO AZUMA”, Tokyo
Feb – Art Exhibition, ”shiki × bulb” at Triennale Design Museum, Milan
2010
Dec – Art Exhibition, ”shiki × bulb” at IMPOSSIBLE PROJECT SPACE, Tokyo
Nov – Art Exhibition, ”Alter Nature” at art center Z33, Belgium
Aug – Art Production, Landscape Design at boutique Valveat81, Tokyo.
Aug – Art Exhibition, “Frozen Flower” at gallery void+, Tokyo.
Aug – Launched Azuma Makoto Gardening Club
Jul – Art Production, ”BOTANICA ” mobile concept, KDDI (mobile communication), Tokyo
Jun – Art Exhibition, ”TOKYO FIBER SENSEWARE” at Design Museum Holon, Israel
May – Art Exhibition, ”Shiki1”, at Shanghai EXPO Japan industrial pavilion, Shanghai
Apr – Publication, monthly free paper “AMNP: Azuma Makoto Newspaper”
Mar – Art Produce, ”Fashion In Nature“ at Galerie Michel Rein, Paris
Feb – Art Exhibition, “armored pine” at POLA Museum Annex, Tokyo
Feb – Art Installation, “Botanical Signboard” (advertisement) at MAZDA Zoom-Zoom stadium, Hiroshima
2009
Dec – Art Exhibition, “Bridge of Plants” at ARK Hills, Tokyo
Oct – Art Production & Exhibition, produced flower vase “hand vase”, Tokyo
Oct – Art Exhibition, “adidas Originals ” (fashion/sports collaboration), Tokyo
Sep – Art Exhibition, “TOKYO FIBER '09 SENSEWARE” at 21_21 DESIGN SIGHT, Tokyo
Jul – Plants Installation, “Naoshima Sento I♥Yu”, at Naoshima public bath, Kagawa
May – Art Exhibition, “Daido Moriyama ‘Kiroku” on the road collaboration with 8 creators”, Tokyo
May – Art Exhibition, “Distortion × Flowers” GYRE EYE OF GYRE, Tokyo
Apr – Art Exhibition, “TOKYO FIBER '09 SENSEWARE”, Triennale Design Museum, Milano
Mar – Art Exhibition, ”Azuma Makoto 'AMPG vol.25'” at Gallery Mitsubishi Artium (IMS), Fukuoka
2008
Oct – Art Exhibition, “2nd nature” at 21_21 DESIGN SIGHT, Tokyo
Jul – Art Exhibition, “BOTANICA(×)” at NRW Forum, Germany
2007
Apr – Art Exhibition, ”SHIRO NO KI” at Maison Martin Margiera, Tokyo
Apr – Art Exhibition, opened private gallery “AMPG” for two years in Tokyo
2006
Nov – Art Performance, “Kehai” for ”Les Soirees Nomades” (Cartier), Paris
Mar – Art Exhibition at gallery Mitsubishi-Jisho Artium (IMS), Fukuoka
2005
Dec – Art Exhibition at Sony building in Ginza, Tokyo
Dec – Art Exhibition, Christmas window display at popular select shop, colette in Paris
Nov – Art Exhibition, first collection outside Japan in Tribeca, New York
Selected works
Polypore, February 2016
Iced Flowers, January 2015
Exobiotanica, July 2014
References
Flower artists
1976 births
Living people
Curtiss Maldoon was a folk music duo from England, formed by Dave Curtiss and Clive Maldoon (born Clive Skinner).
Beginnings with Bodast
They first began working together in the band Bodast in 1968 which also featured Steve Howe (Yes, Asia, GTR) on guitar and Bobby Woodman Clarke on drums. They recorded one album produced by Keith West whom Howe had worked with in UK psychedelic band Tomorrow (known for their hit "My White Bicycle"), but it remained unreleased until it came out in truncated and remixed form in 1982 as The Lost Bodast Tapes.
A full re-issue featuring the original 1969 mixes came out under the title Spectral Nether Street on the RPM label in the 1990s.
Although not very active on the live circuit as they preferred to spend their time writing and rehearsing, Bodast played a show called the Pop Prom in 1968 where they were on the bill with The Who and acted as Chuck Berry's back-up band for the night.
As Curtiss Maldoon
Curtiss Maldoon were on Purple Records, the label started by Deep Purple. Their connection to Deep Purple came out of Dave Curtiss short-lived involvement with an early incarnation of the band known as "Roundabout" where Curtiss was the vocalist (and Bobby Woodman Clarke was the drummer). No recordings have come to light of this line-up. Dave Curtiss (under the name "Dave Curtis and the Tremors") recorded several beat singles in the mid 1960s for various labels.
Their first LP featured Steve Howe on lead guitar, Tony Ashton, and musicians from Mighty Baby, including Roger Powell. This album features the song "Sepheryn," which Madonna and William Orbit transformed into the hit song "Ray of Light."
Curtiss Maldoon did some touring after the release of this album bolstered by a rhythm section. They played shows with Badfinger in the US and also did a well reviewed concert at Lincoln Center where they were on the bill with vocalist Merry Clayton.
Their second album came out under the name 'Maldoon' as Curtiss asked that his name be removed from the project, and that it be a Clive Maldoon solo album. It came out on the Purple label as well, this time distributed by Warner Brothers. After this album, Clive Maldoon continued trying to establish himself in the music world, but ran into a series of managerial and contract problems. He died in 1978 of complications from prescription medications.
Discography
Albums
As Curtiss Maldoon
Curtiss Maldoon (Oct 1971), Purple Records (also issued on Capitol in the US)
As Maldoon
Maldoon (Nov 1973), Purple (also issued on Warner Bros. in the US)
Singles
"You Make Me Happy" / "Amber Man" (July 1971), Regal Zonophone
References
External links
Purple Records
English folk musical groups
English musical duos
Folk music duos
Male musical duos
Musical groups established in 1970
TFD may stand for:
Computer games and films
The Final Destination, a 2009 3D horror/thriller film
Army of Two: The 40th Day, a video game
Command & Conquer: The First Decade, a compilation of Command & Conquer series computer games
Fire departments
Tokyo Fire Department, the fire and rescue service of Tokyo, Japan
Timmins Fire Department, statutory fire department of Timmins, Ontario
Toronto Fire Department, former name of Toronto Fire Services
Companies and organizations
The Film Department, a film production company in California
The Forests Dialogue, an organization sponsored by Yale University School of Forestry and Environmental Studies
Taiwan Foundation for Democracy, NGO based in Taiwan
Other uses
The Free Dictionary, an online dictionary
"Two-Four-D", alternate name for 2,4-Dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D), a herbicide
Thermo Field Dynamics, a topic within thermal quantum field theory
Thin-film diode, an active matrix backplane alternative to thin-film transistor technology
Top Fuel dragster, a type of drag racing car
Transcription factors database, an index of DNA transcription factors
Toothpaste for dinner, a webcomic
The Fully Down (1993-2008), a former Canadian band
Total Foreign Debt, see external debt
"Golden" is a song by American singer and rapper Travie McCoy featuring Australian recording artist Sia. It was released digitally as a single on June 15, 2015 through Fueled by Ramen.
In an interview with Entertainment Weekly, McCoy said, "I think 'Golden' is a cog in the machine that is the next album. Every song has its own shape and sound in order to make the machine move and work the way I want it to."
Background
In an interview with Entertainment Weekly online, McCoy said he met Sia four years ago, and he had been a fan of hers for years. "When we finally [met] we were totally kindred spirits. We had both gone through a lot and she became a sister to me very quickly. [...] This was probably the third of about three or four that we've recorded together. Who knows if the others will ever be heard, but they all mean so much to me. She actually wrote a song for me when I was going through some really hard times that I will always hold dear to my heart. She's an angel with the voice of one." Speaking on Entertainment Tonight, McCoy said, "It's like second nature working with Sia. We have this brotherly-sisterly vibe going on. Once I heard the hook, I kinda knew where I wanted to go lyrically and I wrote it in about 45 minutes... I think a lot of people can relate to having those tinglies in their stomach about that special somebody."
Video
The video for "Golden" premiered on YouTube on June 14, 2015 and is inspired by iconic traffic shot in Jean-Luc Godard's cult classic 1967 film Weekend. The video is a continuous looping shot of Travie leaving his car on a desert road and observing the eccentric passengers in the vehicles in front of him.
Charts
Weekly charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2015 singles
2015 songs
Fueled by Ramen singles
Sia (musician) songs
Song recordings produced by Diplo
Songs written by Diplo
Songs written by Sia (musician)
Songs written by Travie McCoy
Travie McCoy songs
Male–female vocal duets
Dibice Marieta Kouassi is an Ivorian former footballer who plays as a forward. She has been a member of the Ivory Coast women's national team.
International career
Kouassi capped for the Ivory Coast at senior level during the 2008 African Women's Championship qualification (second round).
See also
List of Ivory Coast women's international footballers
References
Living people
Ivorian women's footballers
Ivory Coast women's international footballers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Women's association footballers not categorized by position
Sofular is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 271 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
The Yang di-Pertua Negeri () is the official title of the ceremonial governors of the Malaysian states without hereditary heads of state, namely Penang, Malacca, Sabah and Sarawak.
They are appointed to renewable four-year terms by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong (), the federal head of state of Malaysia, after consulting the chief minister. A Yang di-Pertua Negeri is entitled to the style Tuan Yang Terutama (T.Y.T.), or His Most Excellency in English.
A Yang di-Pertua Negeri functions as a head of state in a parliamentary democracy. Their discretionary roles include appointing the head of government, the Ketua Menteri or Chief Minister, usually the leader of the largest party in the state legislature, and withholding consent to dissolve the state legislature. On all other matters, they must act on the advice of the chief minister, such as appointing the members of the Executive Council in Penang and Malacca, and the Cabinet in Sabah and Sarawak, conferring state honours and granting pardons for offences committed in their state—except pardons for court martial and syariah offences, which are granted by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong.
There are two major distinctions between the constitutional roles of the nine hereditary rulers and the four Yang di-Pertua Negeri. While the Yang di-Pertua Negeri are members of the Conference of Rulers, they cannot participate in the election of the Yang di-Pertuan Agong, discussions related to the privileges of the Malay rulers and matters concerning the observance of Islam. In addition, the Yang di-Pertua Negeri does not function as Head of Islam in their states; the role is fulfilled by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong.
Prior to 1976, the heads of state of Penang, Malacca and Sarawak were titled as "Governor" in English and "Yang di-Pertua Negeri" in Malay, whereas the head of state of Sabah was titled "Yang di-Pertua Negara" in both languages.
Singapore had a Yang di-Pertuan Negara when it gained self-governance from the United Kingdom in 1959. The title was used by the state governor while Singapore was a part of Malaysia between 1963 and 1965, when it was expelled from Malaysia to become an independent republic.
Since 1976, the heads of state of Penang, Malacca, Sabah and Sarawak have been titled Yang di-Pertua Negeri in both languages.
Current Yang di-Pertua Negeri
The following is a table of Yang di-Pertua Negeri of each state:
Living former Yang di-Pertua Negeri
Ahmadshah Abdullah (former Yang di-Pertua Negeri of Sabah)
Mohd Khalil Yaakob (former Yang di-Pertua Negeri of Malacca)
Abdul Rahman Abbas (former Yang di-Pertua Negeri of Penang)
See also
Yang di-Pertuan Agong
Yang di-Pertuan Besar
Yang di-Pertuan Negara
References
Politics of Malacca
Politics of Penang
Politics of Sabah
Politics of Sarawak
Malaysian monarchy
Captain Alexander Beck (3 November 1899 – 4 January 1989) was an Anglo-Argentine aviator during World War I. He was an underage enlistee who went on to become a flying ace credited with 11 official aerial victories.
Early life
Beck's parents had emigrated to Argentina from Cumbria. He was anxious enough to serve in British uniform that he lied his way into the Royal Flying Corps while still underage. As he was born on 3 November 1899, his graduation from pilot training in July 1917 saw him pitched into battle four months before his "legal" 18th birthday.
World War I
On 21 June 1917 temporary Second Lieutenant A. Beck was appointed a Flying Officer in the Royal Flying Corps. His seniority of rank was then back-dated to 1 June 1916. He then flew 13 combat patrols with 60 Squadrons before his parents apprised the RFC of his true age. Once it was known he was younger than 18 years old, he was withdrawn from both combat duty and France.
He returned to 60 Squadrons in March 1918, and scored his first win in August; flying a Royal Aircraft Factory SE.5a, he destroyed a German Fokker D.VII fighter plane on the 8th. He followed this up by destroying a Hannover reconnaissance plane over Riencourt in the early morning of 14 August, and an Albatros over Guemappe in mid-morning. On 31 August, he shared in the destruction of an LVG two-seater recon plane over Inchy.
On 28 September 1918, he destroyed another LVG two-seater over Cambrai to become an ace. Then, in October 1918, he scored five more times: a Fokker D.VII out of control over Esnes on the 3rd; an LVG captured at Bohain-en-Vermandois on the 9th; a Halberstadt recon plane captured on the 22nd at Orvillers-Sorel; a share in an LVG destroyed over Le Quesnoy on the 26th; another Fokker D.VII out of control over Mormal on the 29th.
On 1 November, he helped shoot down a Fokker D.VII over Mormal Woods for his and his squadron's final victory.
Distinguished Flying Cross
He won a Distinguished Flying Cross, gazetted 3 December 1918. The accompanying award citation read:
Lieutenant (Acting-Captain) Alexander Beck.
A bold and skilful leader, who has himself shot down four enemy aeroplanes. His personal courage and able leadership have had a marked influence in maintaining the efficiency of the squadron.
See also
Thomas Traill
Kenneth Charney, Argentine Second World War RAF ace
References
Notes
Bibliography
Shores, Christopher, et al. (1990). Above the Trenches: A Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the British Empire Air Forces, 1915-1920. Fortress Publications.
1899 births
Year of death missing
British World War I flying aces
Royal Flying Corps officers
Royal Air Force personnel of World War I
English emigrants to Argentina
Argentine aviators
Argentina in World War I
Cavendish Farms is a Canadian food processing company and subsidiary of the J. D. Irving group of companies. Its headquarters are in Dieppe, New Brunswick and potato processing plants in New Annan, Prince Edward Island, Lethbridge, Alberta, and Jamestown, North Dakota, and an appetizer plant in Wheatley, Ontario. It is the 4th largest processor of frozen potato products in North America. It was established in 1980. The New Annan facility employs about 700 people. It is "one of the largest employers in the Prince Edward Island. Cavendish Farms is the "largest private-sector employer on P.E.I." About 80 P.E.I. farmers grow potatoes for Cavendish Farms.
Background
In 1980, Irving Group purchased C.M. Mclean potato and vegetable processing facility in PEI Canada and renamed it Cavendish Farms. In 2001, Cavendish Farms acquired its "first US processing plant in Jamestown, North Dakota". Cavendish Farms is part of the family-owned Irving Group of Companies established in 1882.
Cavendish Farms is the 4th largest processor of frozen potato products in North America, and the "largest private-sector employer" on P.E.I. Prince Edward Island is known for its potatoes—the potato industry employs—directly or indirectly— about 12% of the Island's workforce, and contributes over $1 billion annually to the P.E.I. which represents 10.8% of the province's GDP. In 2013, about 88,000 acres of potatoes were grown on P.E.I. Of the three types of potatoes harvested table potatoes, seed potatoes, and processing potatoes, about 60% of P.E.I. are "manufactured into French fries, potato chips, and many other products."
By 2020, about 80 P.E.I. farmers grew potatoes for Cavendish Farms.
Potato industry in Prince Edward Island
P.E.I.'s potato industry is the "biggest economic driver in the province". In 2017, P.E.I. had the " largest potato crop in Canada", according to Statistics Canada." "Processing potatoes into french fries and other frozen products represents up to 70 per cent of the industry."
Ground water (Prince Edward Island)
Prince Edward Island implemented a moratorium on deep well irrigation in 2002, to protect its ground water supply. At an October 2015, P.E.I. Environmental Advisory Committee meeting to draft a Water Act, Leo Broderick with the Council of Canadians said that the Island needs to "legislate a ban on deep well irrigation to prevent long-term groundwater depletion".
The Ministry of Environment provides an online—both historical and real-time—of groundwater levels (GWLs) with data from 14 groundwater level observation wells across PEI: Baltic, Bear River, Bloomfield, Caledonia, Georgetown, Knutsford, Lakeside, New Dominon, New Zealand Road, Riverdale, Sleepyhollow, Souris Line Road, Souris River Road, St. Charles, Summerside GST, and York.
The major source of water supplies in Prince Edward Island—both industrial and potable—is groundwater from 260 watersheds that are "relatively small and non-contiguous." In the late 2010s, the agriculture sector's demand for supplemental irrigation, has presented several challenges for "water and resource managers". Because of the uneven topography of the island and its "relatively small and non-contiguous watersheds", "pumping groundwater has ... raised concerns for groundwater sustainability." In their January 2020 article in the journal Water, the authors write that an "inventory of groundwater is necessary for efficient water resource management, especially in relation to growing groundwater demands for agricultural use. It is neither feasible nor economical to install and manage monitoring groundwater wells in a place like Prince Edward Island, which consists of 260 watersheds for efficient water management."
By 2016, yields for P.E.I. process growers were not increasing at pace with other North American regions, according to P.E.I. Potato Board. In 2017, because of "limited availability of potatoes on the Island" the company imported 150 million pounds of potatoes in 2017 from New Brunswick, Manitoba, Alberta and Maine, according to Ron Clow, the General Manager of Cavendish Farms.
CBC News reported on May 14, 2018, that "French-fry giant Cavendish Farms" had "reiterated its desire to see the end of a moratorium on new high-capacity agricultural wells" which Irving said would help P.E.I. potato farmers "stay competitive". At the Greater Charlottetown Area Chamber of Commerce's annual general meeting, the company president, Robert K. Irving—who was the keynote speaker—said that without "supplemental irrigation" is needed when low rainfalls and drought-type conditions would mean below-average yields during potato growing season."
Potatoes are sensitive to soil water deficits compared to other crops such as wheat, and need frequent irrigation, especially while tubers are growing. With climate change, reduced rainfall in many areas is predicted to increase the need for irrigation of potato crops. Potatoes require 8.4 gallons of water needed to produce 100 grams of each crop, which is quite efficient compared to corn.
In July 2018, Cavendish Farms announced that because of a shortage of Island potatoes, they would be closing their fresh packaging facility in O'Leary and laying off 40 workers.
Covid-19 pandemic
P.E.I. farm owner, Douglas Campbell, who is District Director of the National Farmers Union, expressed concern that "family farms will disappear unless they are forced under the umbrella of the industrial sector, the processors and retailer. Farmers are often under pressure to use farm practices which they know are destructive. In PEI alone thousands of farm families have been pushed off the land."
During the COVID-19 pandemic, with inter-provincial borders already closed, Cavendish Farms said that because of a surplus of potatoes, that the "P.E.I. potato producers under contract to supply" Cavendish Farms with potatoes should "sell to other markets if they can".
Campbell raised concerns that the $4.7 million relief fund announced by the PEI Minister of Agriculture was largely "destined" for the Irving group of companies. When Cavendish Farms became aware that they had access to government pandemic relief funds, they told their potato producers under contract to supply, that they plan on taking "potatoes from the growers and produce marketable french fries".
In a May 2020, CBC interview, the United Potato Growers of Canada (UPG)'s general manager, Kevin MacIsaac, said that "french fry processors are asking their growers to plant anywhere from 15 to 35 per cent fewer" potatoes in 2020, which had resulted in a surplus of "80 million pounds of unsold seed potatoes". A veteran potato farmer from Grahams Road, P.E.I. who had farmed since the 1970s, said that he had "700,000 pounds of unsold seed potatoes in cold storage" that in a normal year would have yielded over "10 million pounds of potatoes in the fall, ready to be processed into french fries."
The province provided "$4.7 million to pay for shipping and storage of processed potatoes in order to have Cavendish Farms... use up existing stocks from Island growers". The P.E.I. Potato Board said that the provincial funds meant that 100 million pounds of P.E.I. potatoes were processed which "protected $13 million in revenues" for the potato producers, roughly 80 Island farmers.
Lands Protection Act
In 2019, the P.E.I. chapter of the National Farmers Union raised concerns that the spirit of the province's 1980s Lands Protection Act was not being respected as three farm corporations,—Galloway Farms Ltd., Long River Farms Ltd. and Indian River Farms Ltd.—all naming Mary Jean Irving, the daughter of KC Irving, and/or one or both of her two daughters, Rebecca and Elizabeth Irving, as shareholders and directors—submitted 32 applications to the Island Regulatory and Appeals Commission to "purchase parcels of land totalling 2,221 acres in the Summerside area currently owned by Brendel Farms Ltd." The Lands Protection Act "set limits on land ownership of 1,000 acres for individuals, and 3,000 acres for corporations." In response to the concerns, Mary Jean Irving said that she has been on the "Island and growing potatoes for 29 years" and her two daughters are also interested in farming. Irving said that "neither J. D. Irving group of companies, nor its subsidiary Cavendish Farms, were involved with the proposed land purchases".
Indian River Farms
Indian River Farms, which is also owned Irving group of companies, is managed by Elizabeth Irving, who is a fifth generation family member. Indian River Farms was established in 1992 and has a staff of about 20 to 49. Its main production is Irish potatoes. In the late 2010s, during a period of long stretches of dry weather" on the Island, potato growers in the area around Spring Valley, Prince Edward Island began to construct large holding ponds of water "seeking to improve potato yields". By 2019, Indian River Farms had seven large holding ponds near Spring Valley and were building more. Electric pumps housed in sheds feed ground water into the large ponds, some of which are constructed on "raised berms, above ground level". All are supplied with groundwater from "multiple low-capacity wells nearby" using electric pumps, housed in sheds. In a July 4, 2019 article in The Guardian, concerns were raised by some Islanders about the way in which large holding ponds in "the back country, away from people" were circumventing the spirit of the ban on new high-capacity agricultural wells on P.E.I. A concerned group of Islanders toured an irrigation pond in Spring Valley. Elizabeth Irving, who is a fifth generation family member of the 135-family Irving group and the manager of Indian River Farms said that a study undertaken by a hydrologist contracted by Indian River Farm, suggested that farming only uses "less than one percent of the annual recharge from surface runoff and precipitation".
Locations
The company's head office is Dieppe, New Brunswick with sales offices in Toronto, Montreal, and Boston. Cavendish Farms has potato processing plants in New Annan, Prince Edward Island, Lethbridge, Alberta, and Jamestown, North Dakota, and an appetizer plant in Wheatley, Ontario.
New Annan, Prince Edward Island
By 2020, the New Annan facility, which employs 700, was "one of the largest employers in the Prince Edward Island" In 2017 the company constructed a "50 million pound refrigerated storage facility."
Jamestown, North Dakota
Cavendish Farms acquired facilities in Jamestown, North Dakota in 2001—its first processing plant.
Lethbridge
The company acquired a processing plant in Lethbridge, Alberta in 2013 and in 2017, opened a new frozen potato processing plant there.
Partnerships
Cavendish Farms partnered with Holland College's Culinary Institute of Canada to establish the Cavendish Culinary Creation Center.
Yields for P.E.I. process growers were not increasing at pace with other North American regions, according to P.E.I. Potato Board. In May 2016, Cavendish Farms, its process growers, the government of PEI's Potato Board and the Department of Agriculture began a three-year Enhanced Agronomy Initiative, which is led by the Potato Board's Ryan Barrett. to "increase yields and profits." All four partners are jointly funding the Initiative, which will cost $180,000 a year for the three years. The growers funding is paid through a "special check-off on their processing contracts". The Initiative's steering committee also includes Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada and the Dalhousie Faculty of Agriculture representatives.
See also
J.D. Irving Limited
K.C. Irving
Irving Group of Companies
References
External links
Agriculture companies of Canada
Irrigation in Canada
Canadian companies established in 1980
Food and drink companies established in 1980
Food and drink companies of Canada
Multinational food companies
Multinational companies headquartered in Canada
Companies based in New Brunswick
Frozen food brands
Privately held companies of Canada
Canadian brands
The galactose permease or GalP found in Escherichia coli is an integral membrane protein involved in the transport of monosaccharides, primarily hexoses, for utilization by E. coli in glycolysis and other metabolic and catabolic pathways (3,4). It is a member of the Major Facilitator Super Family (MFS) and is homologue of the human GLUT1 transporter (4). Below you will find descriptions of the structure, specificity, effects on homeostasis, expression, and regulation of GalP along with examples of several of its homologues.
Structure
Galactose Permease (GalP), is a member of the Major Facilitator Super Family (MFS) and therefore has structural similarities to the other members of this super family such as GLUT1 (4). All members of the MFS have 12 membrane spanning alpha(α)-helices with both the C- and N-termini located on the cytoplasmic side of the membrane (4). Figure 1a (3) depicts how the 12 helices are divided into two halves, that are pseudo-symmetric, of 6 helices which are attached by a long hydrophilic cytoplasmic loop between helix 6 and helix 7 (2,3,4). These two halves come together to form a pore for substrate transport, in GalP, the substrates are primarily galactose, glucose, and H+. GalP monomers have a pore of approximately 10Å in diameter, which is consistent with the pore sizes found in other members of the MFS, between 10-15Å (4). GalP has been found as an oligomer formed by a homotrimer of GalP monomers that exhibits p3 or 3-fold rotational symmetry (Figure 1b-c) (4). GalP is the first member of the MFS that has been found as a trimer and to be biologically active in its trimeric form; it is thought that the GalP oligomer is formed for stability (4).
Specificity
GalP is a monosaccharide transporter that uses a chemiosmotic mechanism to transport its substrates into the cytoplasm of E. coli (1). Glucose, galactose and other hexoses are transported by GalP by the use of the proton gradient produced by the electron transport chain and reversible ATPase (1). GalP can bind specifically to the hexoses with preferential binding of galactose and glucose through the pores in each monomer (2,3). It transports these sugars at faster rates with a proton gradient but can still transport them in a leaky fashion without a proton gradient present (4). As stated before GalP shares similarities with GLUT1 and other members of the MFS and like GLUT1, GalP can be inhibited by the antibiotics cytochalasin B and forskolin (Figure 1a) (3), which competitively bind to the pore blocking sugar transport into the cell (2,3,4). Forskolin is a structural homologue of D-galactose (Figure 1a) (3) and therefore can bind with a similar affinity to the transporter. Cytochalasin B may bind to an asparagine residue (Asn394) in the pore, blocking saccharide uptake, which is also found in the GLUT1 transporter (2,3). GalP can transport lactose or fructose but with low affinity, only allowing these sugars to "leak" across the membrane when glucose, galactose, or other hexoses aren't present for transport (4).
Homeostasis
The GalP symporter links galactose and proton import, using the favorable proton concentration gradient to move galactose against its concentration gradient. However, this mechanism, if in isolation, would result in acidification of the cytoplasm and cessation of galactose import(14). To prevent this, E. coli utilizes ion pumps designed to raise intracellular pH (13,14). During electron transport (a key step in ATP production in respiration), energy harnessed from electrons is used to pump protons into the periplasmic space to build a proton motive force. Primary proton pumps, responsible for pumping protons out of the cytoplasm, can be active without the synthesis of ATP and are the primary mechanism through which protons are exported (13,14). Coupling galactose/proton import with proton export would maintain pH homeostasis. As protons are charged molecules, their import or export could disrupt the membrane potential of the cell (14). However, simultaneous import and export of protons would result in no change in the net charge of the cell, thus no net change in membrane potential.
Regulation/Expression
The GalP/H+ symporter is the galactose permease from the galP gene of the Escherichia coli genome. Galactose is an alternate carbon source to the preferable glucose . The cAMP/CRP catabolite repression regulator is most likely involved in the regulation of GalP expression (Figure 2) (9). The two proteins responsible for inhibiting transcription from the gal regulon are GalR and GalS (Figure 4) (11). GalR and GalS have very similar primary structure sequences, and have the same binding sites on the operator (11). In the presence of D-galactose, GalR and GalS are inhibited since they are repressors (5, 11). However, when GalP is not required (i.e. when glucose is available), GalR/GalS will bind the promoter operator site thus blocking transcription and preventing cAMP-CRP activation (11). GalS is seen to bind only in the presence of GalR, so both of these proteins are required for repression (11). cAMP is what modulates CRP at the promoter. The cAMP-CRP complex activates the gal regulon and is responsible for upregulation of GalP (Figure 2) (9,11). GalP is also repressed in the presence of glucose since the cell will prefer glucose over galactose (7).
There is also a study on the involvement of NagC in regulation, a protein from the nagC gene which is responsible for N-acetylglucosamine repression (5). This study suspects that NagC cooperates with GalR and GalS by binding to a single-high affinity site upstream of the galP promoter as well in order to suppress gal regulon transcription (5).
Other Bacteria Symporters
Several other symporters have been identified in E. coli and in other bacteria. E. coli has a well-studied GltS glutamate/Na+ symporter that aids in the uptake of glutamate into the cell along with an influx of sodium ions. It also has a serine-threonine symporter, SstT, that also uses an influx of sodium ions for solute uptake.
A Na+/glucose symporter (SglT) has been identified in Vibrio parahaemolyticus (10). Sodium ions induced the cells' uptake of glucose in a study of phosphotransferase-system (PTS) mutants (10). Clostridium difficile has a symporter homologous to that of the V. parahaemolyticus SglT (6). A citrate/Na+ symporter, CitS, seems to be common between Vibrio cholerae, Salmonella Typhi, and Klebsiella pneumoniae (6). This symporter uses the influx of sodium ions in order to bring citrate into the cell, which is an important substrate to have for metabolic processes such as decarboxylation of oxaloacetate (6). A H+/amino acid symporter BrnQ can be found in Lactobacillus delbruckii, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa has the BraB symporter for substrates such as glutamate as well (6).
Solute/ion symporters are very commonly found in bacteria since they are very important. Homeostasis and regulated uptake for metabolic pathways is essential for bacterial survival.
GLUT-1: A Eukaryotic Homolog
GalP is homologous to GLUT-1 found in mammalian cells (12). Both transporters are MFS transporters and possess 29% sequence identity (4). GLUT-1 is a glucose transporter present in most mammalian cells (Figure 5) (12). Its structure is nearly identical to that of GalP – possessing cytoplasmic amino and carboxy termini, twelve membrane spanning α helices, a periplasmic glycosylation site between helices 1 and 2, and a cytoplasmic α-helix loop between helices 6 and 7 (12). GLUT-1 ranges from 45 to 55 kDa; the size variation depends upon the extent of glycosylation (12).
While GLUT-1 is found in most mammalian cells, certain tissue types express this transporter more so than others. GLUT-1 is expressed in high levels on erythrocytes, embryonic cells, fibroblasts, and endothelial cells (12). GLUT-1 is also one of the main transporters involved in transporting glucose across the blood brain barrier (12).
Generally, GLUT-1 acts as a facilitative transporter of glucose, transporter glucose along its concentration gradient. When glucose binds to GLUT-1, it stimulates a conformational change, allowing glucose to be released on the opposite side of the membrane (4,12). GLUT-1 is a bidirectional transporter and possesses glucose binding sites accessible on both the cytoplasmic and extracellular faces (4,12). On the rare occasion that GLUT-1 transports glucose against its concentration gradient, Glut-1 uses an energy source, typically ATP, to move the glucose. Like GalP, GLUT-1 is inhibited via the binding of cytochalasin B and forskolin (12).
References
1. Henderson, P. J. F., Giddens, R. A. and Jones-Mortimer, M. C. (1977) The transport of galactose, glucose and their molecular analogues by Escherichia coli K12. Biochem. J. 162, 309-320.
2. McDonald, T. P., Walmsley, A. R. and Henderson, P. J. F. (1997) Asparagine 394 in putative helix 11 of the galactose-H+ symport protein (GalP) from Escherichia coli is associated with the internal binding site for cytochalasin B and sugar. J. Biol. Chem. 272, 15189-15199.
3. McDonald, T. P. and Henderson, P. J. F. (2001) Cysteine residues in the D-galactose-H+ symport protein of Escherichia coli: effects of mutagenesis on transport, reaction with N-ethylmaleimide and antibiotic binding. BioChem. J. 353, 709-717.
4. Zheng, H., Taraska, J., Merz, A. J. and Gonen, T. (2010) The Prototypical H+/Galactose Symporter GalP Assembles into Functional Trimers. J. Mol. Biol. 396(3), 593-601.
5. El Qaidi, S., Allemand, J.O., and Plumbridge, J. (2009). Repression of galP, the galactose transporter in Escherichia coli, requires the specific regulator of N-acetylglucosamine metabolism. Molecular Microbiology 71: 146-157.
6. Hase, C. C., Fedorova, N. D., Galperin, M. Y., and Dibrov, P. A. (2001). Sodium ion cycle in bacterial pathogens: evidence from cross-genome comparisons. Microbiology and Molecular Biology Reviews Vol. 65, No. 3: 353-370.
7. Hernandez-Montalvo, V., Martinez, A., Hernandez-Chavez, G., Bolivar, F., Valle, F., and Gosset, G. (2003). Expression of galP and glk in an Escherichia coli PTS mutant restores glucose transport and increases glycolytic flux to fermentation products. Biotechnology and Bioengineering, Vol. 83, No. 6: 687-694.
8. Jung, H. (2002). The sodium/substrate symporter family: structural and functional features. Federation of European Biochemical Societies 529: 73-77.
9. Moller, T., Franch, T., Udesen, C., Gerdes, K., and Valentin-Hansen, P. (2002). Spot 42 RNA mediates discoordinate expression of the E. coli galactose operon. Genes and Development 16: 1696-1706.
10. Sarker, R. I., Ogawa, W., Shimamoto, T., Shimamoto, T., and Tsuchiya, T. (1996). Primary structure and properties of Vibrio parahaemolyticus. Journal of Bacteriology, Vol. 179, No. 5: 1805-1808.
11. Semsey, S., Krishna, S., Sneppen, K., and Adhya, S. (2007). Signal integration in the galactose network of Escherichia coli. Molecular Microbiology, 65: 465-476.
12. Olson, A.L., and Pessin, J.E. (1996). Structure, function, and regulation of the mammalian facilitative glucose transporter gene family. Annu Rev Nutr 16:235-56.
13. White, D. (2007). The Physiology and Biochemistry of Prokaryotes, 3rd Edition. Oxford University Press, New York.
14. Schweizer, H. (2011). Homeostasis. Lecture. 7 March 2011.
See also
Transmembrane protein
List of proteins
Integral membrane proteins
Bacterial proteins
Donaldson is an unincorporated community in West Township, Marshall County, Indiana.
History
Donaldson (also historically spelled Donelson) was laid out in 1871. A post office has been in operation there since 1871.
Geography
Donaldson is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Marshall County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Francesca Hung (born 25 April 1994) is an Australian actress, model, and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Australia 2018 Winner living in Sydney.
Personal life
She is from the Northern Beaches of Sydney and is the daughter of Chinese Australian father and an Irish Australian mother. She is a professional model. She is studying for a Masters's in Publishing at the University of Sydney after completing an undergraduate degree in Arts and Sociology.
Pageantry
Miss Universe Australia 2018
Hung has crowned Miss Universe Australia 2018 pageant and she won as Miss Universe Australia 2018.
References
External links
missuniverse.com
Living people
1994 births
Australian models of Chinese descent
Australian models of Irish descent
Australian people of Irish descent
Australian female models
Australian beauty pageant winners
Models from Sydney
Miss Universe Australia winners
Miss Universe 2018 contestants
The Hamilton Wood Type and Printing Museum was founded in 1999 and is located in Two Rivers, Wisconsin, United States. The museum is run by the Two Rivers Historical Society. It is dedicated to the preservation, study, production and printing of wood type used in letterpress printing. The museum is located in a factory building of the Hamilton Manufacturing Company founded in 1880 by J.E. Hamilton. The museum has a collection of over 1.5 million pieces in more than 1,000 styles of wood type. Also included are presses and vintage prints. The museum holds many workshops and conferences throughout the year and regularly welcomes groups of students from universities from across the United States.
Hamilton Manufacturing Co.
The Hamilton Manufacturing Company was started by James Edward Hamilton and began producing type in 1880. Lyman Nash, editor of the Two Rivers Chronicle, asked Hamilton to make letters because he was short on time to order them from Chicago. Hamilton's letters printed so well that he began to take orders from other nearby newspapers.
Hamilton is now known as Hamilton Scientific, after the sale by previous company owner Thermo Fisher Scientific to OpenGate Capital, LLC on October 24, 2012.
Move from Hamilton Factory
In the Fall of 2012 the museum was informed by the property owners that it would need to move from its location inside of the Hamilton Manufacturing Corporation and have the space vacated by early 2013. The museum, lacking funds and manpower, immediately began a campaign for donations and volunteers to help move the museum and the museum's collection.
The new location of the museum is in a building formerly owned by the Formrite Company in Two Rivers. The new building provides twice as much space as the original location.
After almost one year of being closed, the museum opened the doors at its new location on November 13, 2013.
The original historic/manufacturing building was demolished in 2015.
Target's Vintage Varsity Collection
U.S. retailer Target Corporation used pieces from the museum's collection for their 2011 Fall fashion line. The collection was called "Vintage Varsity" and used the tag line "Cool Never Fades". The museum itself was one of three locations used for photo shoots for the line's print advertising campaign.
Typeface documentary
The museum was the subject of the 2009 documentary film Typeface.
See also
Amateur press association
Chandler & Price
Letterpress printing
Vandercook
References
External links
Official Website
There's a Little Place I Know DesignChat Blog post about museum
Museums in Manitowoc County, Wisconsin
Art museums and galleries in Wisconsin
Museums established in 2000
2000 establishments in Wisconsin
Printing museums in the United States
Zanglais is a rural area in the commune of Saint-Louis-du-Sud in the Sud department of Haiti. It has a population of approximately 7,860. There are approximately 4,103 males and 3,757 females. The makeup of the population comprises 4,226 adults 18 years and older and the remainder 17 years and younger which is approximately 3,634.
Zanglais has no public schools or a community clinic. There is a substantial number of unschooled children and the majority of the population are in need of some sort of medical attention. Many untreated infections have led to complications and even death. The children in the town seem desolate and hopeless. This can all be prevented if a public school and a community health center is established in the community, however funds are scarce and the locals cannot afford such clinic.
References
Populated places in Sud (department)
Peeps (also Parasite Positive) is a 2005 novel by Scott Westerfeld revolving around a parasite which causes people to become cannibalistic and repelled by that which they once loved. It follows the protagonist, Cal Thompson, as he lives with this parasite and tries to uncover a possible threat to the whole population of the world. The apocalyptic threat to the world that begins in Peeps continues in The Last Days, which featured some of the same characters.
Plot summary
Two days after arriving in New York for college, Cal loses his virginity to a girl who picks him up. From this encounter Cal picks up an STD, but this is an unusual one: it turns its victims into "peeps"—parasite positives—raving cannibalistic monsters with unusual strength, night vision, heightened senses, and an affinity with rats. Cal himself turns out to be immune, but he's a carrier—he gets the strength and senses without the nasty side effects. But before he knows it he has infected others.
Cal is recruited by the Night Watch, a secret government organization that has existed for centuries to contain the disease and its victims. His first assignment is to capture all the girls he's infected. But soon Cal realizes that there is more going on than he has been told: the disease is changing in response to mysterious forces from under the earth that are waking up after centuries of slumber.
Characters
Cal Thompson
The protagonist of the novel, Cal is a "carrier" of the parasite. Essentially, his body contains the parasite that in most people causes dementia, cannibalism, and other vampiric symptoms. Cal gains the advantages of the parasite without suffering from the dementia, suffering only minor side effects. Because the parasite is transferred through almost any bodily fluid, it causes Cal to feel sexually aroused at all times. Due to its effects on people who are not carriers, however, he must resist these urges, which prevents him from having any natural relationships.
Cal is nineteen years of age, and has been a carrier of the parasite for a year when the novel begins. He is a hunter for the Night Watch, hunting down out of control Peeps (or Parasite Positives) beginning with his ex-girlfriends, whom he infected. The Night Watch dates back to colonial times in America, but has never revealed itself to society for fear of causing widespread panic. The novel focuses primarily on his hunt for Morgan, the mysterious woman who infected him with the parasite. Along the way, he forms a relationship with Lace and discovers that the Night Watch has not told him all that they should have.
Lace
Lacey, known primarily as Lace, meets Cal Thompson by chance in the elevator of her apartment building. Because of her conviction in wanting to keep her expensive apartment at the amazingly low price she currently lives in it for, she tags along in Cal's investigation in search of the means to which she can blackmail her landlord. She becomes entangled in Cal's life and duties as a member of the Night Watch after being infected by his cat Cornelius, who had made her a carrier, and on the way begins to form an emotional tie with him.
Morgan Ryder
Cal's progenitor, Morgan changed his life eternally when she infected him with the parasite. She met him a year prior to the beginning of the novel at a gay bar called "Dick's Bar". She is from one of the city's "old families", and her parasite is part of the "old strain", meaning that she does not go crazy from the parasite, but still gets things like superhuman hearing and strength.
Setting
The novel itself begins in Hoboken, New Jersey, but mostly takes place in the heart of New York City. Also, it takes place a lot in the sewers below New York.
Parasite
The parasite featured in the novel is portrayed as being the source of many myths and legends. The symptoms in a carrier are only a craving for fresh meat and sexual arousal around the clock, but the symptoms of the normally affected are quite different. The parasite causes dementia and cannibalism, which were suggested as causing legends of most notably vampires, but also werewolves and zombies, among others. The protagonist describes the superhuman strength, speed, and vision as the human body simply operating on emergency power. He describes it as being the same as a mother protecting her child, specifically the rush of adrenaline provided so that she can act as she needs to. The parasite simply causes the body to act on this emergency adrenaline all the time, requiring extra food. This superior ability are shown in the novel several times by Cal. He claims to need to tape over the light of his DVD player to be able to sleep at night, as well as being able to read fine print by starlight. He jumps fearlessly from a balcony to the one beside it, causing suspicion from Lace, not afflicted with the parasite at the time. The parasite can be spread either directly from human to human, or via an infected rat or cat. Rats are shown to be attracted to infected persons. The parasite also seems to give those infected with it either immortality or at least extreme longevity, as shown by the Nightmayor, who had lived for centuries.
Two different strains were featured in the novel. The first to appear is a new strain, the symptoms and possible treatments for which have been known to Cal prior to the events of the novel. The body can react in two ways to this strain. The first, and most common, causes dementia, cannibalism and a painful response to light of any kind. Other symptoms involved hatred of what was once loved, which can range from a singer to a skyline, which can be used in order to capture the infected, and near total reliance of primitive instincts. Seemingly supernatural strength is present in this response, but it is used most often in instinctive reactions and basic needs, primarily food. In order to keep the parasite spreading through the population of the earth, the infected can spread the parasite to rats, who defend them and continue to spread the parasite, even if their progenitors cannot. The out of control cannibals who contract the disease and exhibit these symptoms are hunted down by the Night Watch, a group which fights to contain this strain of the parasite. There is no true cure for this reaction to the strain, and hospitalization coupled with an experimental plan of drugs is the only known treatment to contain a threat, apart from imprisonment. The second possible reaction to this strain, and the much less common, involves a more subtle response. People who contract this strain of the parasite and receive this reaction are known as "carriers" of the disease, for they do not suffer from its worst effects but have the possibility of spreading the disease nonetheless. A craving for meat remains, involving that of the human variety, but a carrier of the strain is no longer forced to succumb totally to their instincts. It is possible for the carriers of this strain to live a near normal life, because the stronger symptoms are absent. However, they must shy away from any close contact with others humans, involving simple things such as kissing and sharing a toothbrush, for fear of spreading the disease further. The worst of the remaining reactions, primarily sexual arousal and cravings for meat, can be overcome. The carriers are compared to Mary Mallon, most commonly referred to as Typhoid Mary, by the protagonist.
The second and older strain presents itself in a different manner. To the untrained eye, it may appear to be the same as the new strain. However, this strain is much more manageable. It appeared in ancient times, long before the new strain existed, and aided in defeating the attack of a race of large worms. By infecting as many people as possible, an army was created to defeat the giant worms threatening humanity. This older strain all but disappeared after it was no longer needed, existing only in a brood of rats living underground. When the giant worms that once threatened the existence of the human race return, they force the infected rats to the surface who then spread the old strain back into the human population. The strain is used to defeat the giant worms once again, allowing the human race to survive, but not without a certain degree of damage done to the world. The dementia and cannibalism are present towards the beginning of the infection, and is much more easily treatable. Old methods which were used in the last large-scale parasite infection are rediscovered and used, such as garlic and rosemary. This is evidently meant to represent the beginnings of vampire legends involving garlic as protection.
The parasite is further explained in The Last Days, adding another dimension to the parasite. It is revealed that in ancient times, there were certain "singers" that could call up giant worms from within the Earth so that they could be more easily killed. This allowed the army of fighters against the giant worms to attract the worms under their preferred conditions, such as time and location, with sufficient preparation. The singers were able to attract the worms by singing words that were guided by the parasite living within them, sounding meaningless to the average human, but captivating nonetheless. Dr. Prolix ("The Shrink"), an age old carrier of the parasite has vague memories of seeing one of these singers calling a giant worm up to be killed, and Minerva, a prominent character in The Last Days, has inherited this ability from the parasite positives of centuries ago. She experiences receiving these songs from underground in her home, where old burial grounds are located, giving a possible origin to this ability.
Other parasites
Many other parasites are discussed within the story, each one adding to the plausibility of the story. One of these is Toxoplasmosis, a parasitic disease caused by the protozoan Toxoplasma gondii. Another is Trematoda a parasitic worm commonly referred to as a fluke. Wolbachia, a bacterium, was also mentioned.
Awards and nominations
Peeps was nominated for the 2006 Andre Norton Award, bestowed in May 2007. It was listed as one of the 2006 ALA Best Books YA Awards and selected as one of the "Best Books of the Year" in 2005 by School Library Journal.
References
2005 American novels
American science fiction novels
American vampire novels
American young adult novels
Novels about cannibalism
Novels by Scott Westerfeld
Novels set in New York City
Barbara De Angelis (born March 4, 1951) is an American relationship consultant, lecturer and author, TV personality, relationship, personal growth adviser and spiritual teacher.
Biography
De Angelis received a Ph.D. in psychology from Columbia Pacific University, a now-defunct and non-accredited (but state-approved) university previously located in San Rafael, California.
De Angelis has written fourteen best-selling books in these fields, including the New York Times-bestselling books How to Make Love All the Time, Secrets About Men Every Woman Should Know, Are You The One for Me? and Real Moments. Her infomercial "Making Love Work" won an award as Best Infomercial of 1994. She had a short-lived talk show on CBS daytime in early 1991.
She was the founder and executive director of the Los Angeles Personal Growth Center for 12 years and is president of Shakti Communications, Inc.
De Angelis was born and raised in Philadelphia, and has been married five times as of 1995. Her spouses have included magician Doug Henning and author John Gray, who, along with De Angelis while they were married, received an unaccredited PhD degree by correspondence from the now-defunct Columbia Pacific University.
Books
How To Make Love All The Time: Make Love Last a Lifetime (1991)
Secrets about Men Every Woman Should Know (1991)
Are You The One for Me?: Knowing Who's Right and Avoiding Who's Wrong (1993)
Real Moments: Discover the Secret for True Happiness (1995)
Ask Barbara: The 100 Most-Asked Questions About Love, Sex and Relationships (1997)
Real Moments for Lovers: The Enlightened Guide for Discovering Total Passion and True Intimacy (1997)
The Real Rules: How to Find the Right Man for the Real You (1997)
Chicken Soup for the Couple's Soul (co-editor) (1999)
Passion (1999)
What Women Want Men to Know (2002)
Chicken Soup for the Romantic Soul: Inspirational Stories About Love and Romance (co-editor) (2003)
Confidence: Finding It And Living It (2005)
How Did I Get Here?: Finding Your Way to Renewed Hope and Happiness When Life and Love Take Unexpected Turns (2005)
Secrets About Life Every Woman Should Know (2011)
Soul Shifts (2015)
The Choice For Love (2017)
References
External links
Barbara De Angelis official website
American women psychologists
American psychologists
American self-help writers
Writers from Philadelphia
Popular psychology
La Sierra University alumni
Columbia Pacific University alumni
1951 births
Living people
American women non-fiction writers
21st-century American women
The Embassy of Poland in Kyiv is the diplomatic mission of the Republic of Poland in Ukraine.
History
Following the Declaration of Independence of Ukraine on 24 August 1991, Poland recognized Ukraine on 2 December 1991. Diplomatic relations between the two countries was established on 4 January 1992.
List of ambassadors
Stanislaw Wankowicz (1918)
Bogdan Kutyłowski (1919-1921)
John Francis Pulaski (1921)
Francis Charwat (1921-1923)
Marcel Szarota (1923-1924)
Jerzy Kozakiewicz (1992-1997)
Jerzy Bahr (1997-2001)
Marek Ziółkowski (2001-2005)
Jacek Kluczkowski (2005-2010)
Henryk Litwin (2011-2016)
Jan Piekło (2016-2019)
Bartosz Cichocki (2019-present)
See also
Poland-Ukraine relations
Foreign relations of Poland
Foreign relations of Ukraine
Embassy of Ukraine, Warsaw
Diplomatic missions in Ukraine
Diplomatic missions of Poland
References
External links
Embassy of Poland in Kyiv
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Poland
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine
Poland
Kyiv
Poland–Ukraine relations
Twafeaj (22 February 1989 – after 2007) was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. In a racing career which lasted from May 1991 until October 1992 she ran fourteen times in four different countries and won three races. As a juvenile in 1991 she finished second in the Princess Margaret Stakes before recording her biggest win in the Group 1 Moyglare Stud Stakes. As a three-year-old she struggled for form early in the year but did much better when switched to sprint races, winning the Prix de Meautry as well as being placed in the Prix Maurice de Gheest and the Goldene Peitsche. She had little success as a broodmare, producing only two minor winners.
Background
Twafeaj was a bay mare bred in Kentucky by Bill H Melton. In July 1990, the filly was consigned to the Keeneland Summer Select Yearling Sale at Lexington, Kentucky and was bought for $120,000 by representatives of Maktoum bin Rashid Al Maktoum's Gainsborough Stud. She was sent to Europe where she raced in the colours of the businessman Abdulla Buhaleeba and was trained by Ben Hanbury at the Diomed Stables at Newmarket, Suffolk.
Her sire Topsider was just below top class as a racehorse, recording his biggest win in the Grade III Sport Page Handicap in 1978. As a breeding stallion the best of his other progeny included North Sider, Assatis (Gran Premio del Jockey Club) and Salse (Prix de la Forêt). Twafeaj's dam Billy Sue's Rib was a successful racemare in North America, winning thirteen of her twenty-two races and earning $289,635 in prize money. As a granddaughter of the American broodmare Princess Revoked (foaled 1959) she was closely related to My Juliet, Snaafi Dancer, Winona and Lyphard's Special and was a female-line descendant of Ivabel, a half-sister to the Kentucky Derby winner Old Rosebud.
Racing career
1991: two-year-old season
Twafeaj made her debut in a maiden race over five furlongs at Newmarket Racecourse on 3 May and finished second, beaten one and a half lengths by Marling after going to the front a furlong out but being overtaken in the closing stages. Eleven days later she started 1/2 favourite for a maiden over the same distance at York Racecourse but was beaten a head by the Mick Easterby-trained Poolesta. At the same track on 14 June the filly started favourite for a minor event over six furlongs, and recorded her first success, taking the lead inside the last quarter mile and coming home three lengths clear of her rivals despite being eased down by her jockey, Pat Eddery, in the final strides.
In July was stepped up in class to contest the Group 3 Cherry Hinton Stakes at Newmarket but finished a well-beaten fourth behind Musicale, Coffee Ice and Miss Bluebird. Later that month she produced a better effort at Ascot Racecourse, finishing strongly to take second place behind the Irish-trained filly Bezelle in the Princess Margaret Stakes. On 8 September the filly was sent to Ireland to contest the Group 1 Moyglare Stud Stakes at the Curragh and started the 7/2 second favourite behind her old rival Poolesta. The best of the other six runners appeared to be Tarwiya (winner of the Listed Rochestown Stakes) but with no previous Group winners in the field the race was weakly-contested by Group 1 standards. Ridden by Bruce Raymond, Twafeaj was among the leaders from the start, went to the front approaching the final furlong and won by half a length from Tarwiya, with Poolesta a length away in third.
On her final start of the year, Twafeaj contested the Group 1 Cheveley Park Stakes at Newmarket on 2 October and came home fourth of the nine runners behind Marling, beaten just over three lengths by the winner.
1992: three-year-old season
Twafeaj began her second campaign in Germany when she finished unplaced in the Arag Preis over 1600 metres at Düsseldorf on 10 May. Her first race that year in England came two months later when she finished fourth of the seven runners behind Gusy Marlowe in the Falmouth Stakes over one mile at Newmarket. After this race she was dropped back in distance to compete in sprint races starting with the Prix Maurice de Gheest over 1300 metres at Deauville Racecourse on 2 August. Ridden by Walter Swinburn she started a 29/1 outsider but belied her starting price as she kept on well in the closing stages to take third place behind the colts Pursuit of Love and Cardoun. Seventeen days later, with Swinburn again in the saddle, the filly returned to Deauville and started the 2.2/1 favourite for the Group 3 Prix de Meautry over 1200 metres on soft ground. Her ten opponents on this occasion included Showbrook (Mill Reef Stakes), Ganges (Critérium de Maisons-Laffitte, third in the 2000 Guineas), Ski Chief (Prix du Petit Couvert), Notley (Stewards' Cup) and Crack Regiment (Prix Eclipse). After racing in mid-division, Twafeaj overtook the front-running Thourios inside the last 200 metres and held off a renewed challenge from the Guy Harwood-trained colt to win by a short head. The outsider Amigo Menor came home next to complete a 1-2-3 for British-trained runners.
On 2 September Twafeaj was back in Germany for the Goldene Peitsche over 1200 metres at Baden-Baden and ran much better than she had done in her previous visit to that country. Ridden by Raymond she took the lead 400 metres out and finished a length second to the five-year-old Elbio, having been overtaken in the closing stages. Later that month she started at odds of 6/1 for a strongly-contested edition of the Diadem Stakes at Ascot and finished fourth behind Wolfhound, Lochsong and Montendre. On her final start, Twafeaj was dropped back to 1000 metres for the Prix de l'Abbaye at Longchamp Racecourse on 4 October and came home seventh of the nine runners behind Mr Brooks.
Breeding record
At the end of her racing career, Twafeaj was retired to become a broodmare for the Gainsborough Stud. As a ten-year-old in December 1999 she was put up for auction at Tattersalls and bought for 34,000 guineas by the Barronstown Stud. She was later moved to the Pencarrow Stud in New Zealand. She produced at least nine foals and two minor winners between 1995 and 2007:
Mr Hamad, a bay colt, foaled in 1995, sired by Rainbow Quest. Failed to win in two races.
Inthaar, bay colt (later gelded), 1997, by Nashwan. Won one race.
Lulu Island, brown filly, 1998, by Zafonic. Unraced.
Shanook, chestnut colt (gelded), 1999, by Rainbow Quest. Won two races.
bay colt, 2000, by Zafonic. Unraced.
Top Line Dancer, bay colt, 2001, by Fasliyev. Failed to win in eight races.
bay colt, 2002, by Danehill. Unraced.
filly, 2006, by No Excuse Needed. Bred in New Zealand
Tinkermia, filly, 2007, by Johar. Bred in New Zealand
Pedigree
References
1989 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Thoroughbred family 6-a
Stanislas De Guaita (6 April 1861, Tarquimpol, Moselle – 19 December 1897, Tarquimpol) was a French poet based in Paris, an expert on esotericism and European mysticism, and an active member of the Rosicrucian Order. He was very celebrated and successful in his time. He had many disputes with other people who were involved with occultism and magic. Occultism and magic were part of his novels.
Early life
De Guaita came from a noble Italian family who had relocated to France, and as such his title was 'Marquis', or Marquess. He was born in the castle of Alteville in the commune of Tarquimpol, Moselle, and went to school at the lyceum in Nancy, where he studied chemistry, metaphysics and Cabala. As a young man, he moved to Paris, and his luxurious apartment became a meeting place for poets, artists, and writers who were interested in esotericism and mysticism. In the 1880s, Guaita published two collections of poetry The Dark Muse (1883) and The Mystic Rose (1885), which became popular.
Rosicrucian activities
De Guaita was influenced by the writings of l'Abbé Alphonse-Louis Constant, alias Eliphas Lévi, a prominent French occultist who was initiated in London to rosicrucianism by Edward Bulwer-Lytton in 1854. Eliphas Lévi was also initiated as a Freemason on 14 March 1861 in the Grand Orient de France Lodge La Rose du Parfait Silence at the Orient of Paris. De Guaita became further interested in occultism after reading a novel by Joséphin Péladan which was interwoven with Rosicrucian and occult themes. In Paris, de Guaita and Péladan became acquainted, and in 1884, the two decided to try to rebuild the Rosicrucian Brotherhood. They recruited Gérard Encausse to help rebuild the brotherhood. Encausse, who went by the pseudonym “Papus”, was a Spanish-born French physician and occultist who had written books on magic, Cabalah and the Tarot.
In 1888, De Guaita founded the Ordre kabbalistique de la Rose-Croix, or the Kabbalistic Order of the Rose-Cross. Rosicrucianism is an esoteric movement which first began with the publication of the three Rosicrucian Manifestos in the early 17th century. Guaita's Rosicrucian Order provided training in the Cabala, an esoteric form of Jewish and Christian mysticism, which attempts to reveal hidden mystical insights in the Bible and divine nature. The order also conducted examinations and provided university degrees on Cabala topics. Guaita had a large private library of books on metaphysical issues, magic, and the "hidden sciences." He was nicknamed the "Prince of the Rosicrucians" by his contemporaries for his broad learning on Rosicrucian issues. Papus, Peladan, and Antoine de La Rochefoucauld were prominent members. Maurice Barrès was a close friend of De Guaita.
In the late 1880s, the Abbé Boullan, a defrocked Catholic Priest and the head of a schismatic branch called the “Church of the Carmel” led a “magical war” against de Guaita. French-Belgian novelist Joris K. Huysmans, a supporter of Boullan, portrayed De Guaita as a Satanic sorcerer in the novel La Bas. Another of Boullan's supporters, the writer Jules Bois, challenged De Guaita to a pistol duel. De Guaita agreed and took part in the duel, but as both men missed, no one was hurt.
By the 1890s, De Guaita's, Papus' and Péladan's collaboration became increasingly strained by disagreements over strategy and doctrines. Guaita and Papus lost the support of Péladan, who left to start a competing order. De Guaita died in 1897 at the age of 36.
His original drawing of an inverted pentagram with a goat's head appeared in La Clef de la Magie Noire (The Key to Black Magic), published the year he died. It later became conflated with Baphomet, or the Sabbatic Goat.
See also
Laurent Tailhade, a French poet and contemporary of Guaita's
Joseph-Antoine Boullan
Henri Antoine Jules-Bois
Joris K. Huysmans
Joséphin Péladan
1861 births
1897 deaths
People from Moselle (department)
French poets
French male poets
19th-century poets
19th-century French male writers
19th-century occultists
Juan Alves (25 March 1939 - 3 February 2009) was a former Argentine cyclist. He competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1939 births
2009 deaths
Argentine male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Argentina
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Mar del Plata
Captain William Richmond Fell (31 January 1897 - 28 November 1981), was a New Zealand naval officer. He served in the Royal Navy, mainly in submarines, and was involved in the development of human torpedoes and midget submarines during the Second World War.
Early life and education
Fell was born in Wellington, New Zealand, before moving to Crediton Grammar School, Devon, UK.
He joined the Royal Navy in 1915, training at the Royal Naval Engineering College, Keyham. Fell then served on the battleship HMS Warspite during 1916-17, including at the Battle of Jutland
In July 1918 Fell joined the submarine training establishment HMS Dolphin at Portsmouth.
During the inter-war years, he served principally in submarines.
Second World War
He was awarded the DSC for his role in the Norwegian campaign.
In January 1941 he was appointed commander of the infantry assault ship HMS Prince Charles, which had been converted from a former Belgian cross-Channel steamer. He along with the Prince Charles took part in Operation Archery, a raid on Vågsøy, Norway, in December 1941. He was mentioned in despatches for his role.
During mid-1942 at the direction of Max Horton, Flag Officer Submarines, he began working with Commander G.M. Sladen to establish and train a special underwater strike unit involving divers and human torpedoes or ‘chariots. The new unit was to supplement the project to develop midget submarines, or X-Craft, then under development by the Royal Navy.
Under Fell and Sladen's leadership the unit worked off the depot ship HMS Titania, initially at Loch Èireasort on the Isle of Lewis, then from Loch Striven off the Firth of Clyde attached to HMS Varbel. During this time he was also involved in the development of the midget submarines and their method of operations. Attacks were mounted using the human torpedoes, with mixed success, at Trondhiem, Askvoll, and Palermo. X-Craft were used in the successful Operation Source attack on the German battleship Tirpitz in Altafjord, September 1943.
In 1944 he was appointed to command HMS Bonaventure, depot ship for midget submarine operations. In 1945 the unit was deployed with XE-Craft to the Pacific as part of the British Pacific Fleet, where they undertook several operations against Japanese warships and also the cutting of undersea telephone cables used by Japanese military forces. Fell was awarded a CBE and the US Legion of Merit for his service as commander of the 14th Submarine Flotilla (Midget Submarines).
Post-war
Fell remained with HMS Bonaventure until November 1946, when he
Fell returned to New Zealand in retirement in 1959. He died on 28 November 1981.
References
Bibliography
1897 births
1981 deaths
Royal Navy officers of World War I
Royal Navy officers of World War II
New Zealand military personnel of World War I
New Zealand military personnel of World War II
Miles Teel Bivins (November 22, 1947 – October 26, 2009) was an American politician, attorney, businessman, and diplomat who served as the United States ambassador to Sweden from 2004 to 2006 . He was confirmed by the United States Senate on May 21, 2004, and sworn in at Washington D.C., on May 26. He presented his credentials to King Carl XVI Gustaf in Stockholm on June 9. He left the position early after having been stricken with progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP).
Early life and education
Bivins was the son of Lee Truscott Bivins (June 2, 1916 – July 18, 1972) and Betty Teel Bivins, later Betty Lovell (October 2, 1919 – January 16, 2008). Betty and Lee founded the St. Andrew's Episcopal School in 1951 in Amarillo, Texas. Lee inherited the XL (Exell) Ranch north of the Canadian River. Lee drowned near Lima, Peru, while surfing in the Pacific Ocean. Teel Bivins attended high school at Colorado Academy. Bivins graduated from Tulane University in New Orleans and attended law school at Southern Methodist University in Dallas.
Career
In 1976, Bivins and his brother Tom formed a partnership, Bivins Brothers. In 1978, Bivins, along with his two brothers, Mark and Tom, Dale Smith, and Jay O'Brien, formed a partnership, Corsino Cattle Company, still in existence. He was also involved in petroleum and natural gas exploration.
Bivins served as a Republican member of the Texas State Senate from 1989 to 2004 from Senate District 31, based about Amarillo. He was first elected in 1988, when the incumbent Democratic state senator, Bill Sarpalius, was elected to the United States House of Representatives. Thereafter, Bivins did not face an opponent in a general election. Bivins chaired the Senate Finance Committee, the Education Committee, the Nominations Committee and the Agricultural Subcommittee of the Natural Resources Committee. In addition, he co-chaired the Interim Committee on Public School Finance during the 78th session and in 1999 served on the Electric Utility Restructuring Oversight Committee. He worked for tort reform in Texas. Bivins supported measures to increase accountability and spending in public education, to stop social promotions, and to increase financial aid for college students. In 2008, his contributions were recognized by West Texas A&M University in Canyon through the Teel Bivins Chair in Political Science.
Bivins had extensive ranch holdings in the Texas Panhandle. In 1990, he introduced a Senate resolution honoring the memory of Tom Blasingame, the oldest cowboy in the history of the American West. Blasingame taught Bivins, as a youth, how to handle livestock.
In 1999 and 2001, Bivins was recognized as one of the most influential lawmakers by the Dallas Morning News. In 1997 and 2001, Bivins was included among the "Ten Best Legislators" by Texas Monthly magazine. A Dallas blogger described Bivins, along with colleagues David Sibley of Waco and Bill Ratliff of Mt. Pleasant as having formed a particularly effective "triumvirate" in the management of the Senate during the 1990s.
Bivins was also one of the most successful fundraisers during the 2000 and 2004 presidential campaigns for George W. Bush.
Personal life
Bivins's first wife, Cornelia "Ninia" Ritchie, grew up on the JA Ranch southeast of Amarillo. In 2005, Bivins' son, Andrew Montgomery Bivins (born 1979), joined the management team of the JA as the fifth generation heir.
Bivins was an avid outdoorsman, a skier and fisherman, who also annually visited the 4UR Ranch in Creede, Colorado. Bivins' second wife Nancy Terrill Bivins, mother of Katherine and William, passed away in 2003. Bivins's third wife, from whom he was also divorced, is Tricia Hamilton Bivins, who subsequently in 2009 married Lieutenant Governor David Dewhurst.
In October 2009, Bivins died after a years-long battle with progressive supranuclear palsy. His remaining months were spent in the home his grandfather built at 2311 West Sixteenth Ave. After a private interment, a public memorial service was held on October 29, 2009, at St. Andrew's Episcopal Church in Amarillo.
Election history
Election history of Bivins from 1992.
Most recent election
2002
Previous elections
1998
1994
1992
Notes
References
Teel Bivins, U.S. Ambassador to Sweden
1947 births
2009 deaths
Politicians from Amarillo, Texas
Texas state senators
Texas Republicans
Ambassadors of the United States to Sweden
Tulane University alumni
Southern Methodist University alumni
20th-century American politicians
21st-century American politicians
Colorado Academy alumni
Ezra Dean (April 9, 1795 – January 25, 1872) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1841 to 1845.
Early life and career
Born in Hillsdale, New York, Dean attended the common schools.
In the War of 1812, he was appointed ensign in the Eleventh Regiment of United States Infantry April 17, 1814.
He was commissioned as a lieutenant October 1, 1814, as recognition for meritorious conduct at the sortie of Fort Erie.
At the close of the war, he was placed in command of a revenue cutter on Lake Champlain.
He resigned the military to study law and was admitted to the bar in Plattsburgh, New York, in 1823.
He settled in Wooster, Ohio in 1824 and commenced the practice of law.
He served as postmaster of Wooster from 1828 to 1832, and as president judge of the court of common pleas from 1834 to 1841.
U.S. House
Dean was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Congresses (March 4, 1841 – March 4, 1845). He served as chairman of the Committee on the Militia (Twenty-eighth Congress). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1844.
Retirement and death
He resumed the practice of law in Wooster.
He moved to Ironton, Ohio, in 1867, and died there January 25, 1872.
He was interred in Woodland Cemetery.
Sources
1795 births
1872 deaths
People from Hillsdale, New York
People from Wooster, Ohio
People from Ironton, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
United States Army personnel of the War of 1812
United States Army officers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
The 2007 Asian Junior Badminton Championships were held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from 15–22 July.
Venue
This tournament was held at Stadium Juara, Bukit Kiara Sports Complex, Kuala Lumpur.
Medalists
Medal table
References
Badminton Asia Junior Championships
Asian Junior Badminton Championships
Asian Junior Badminton Championships
International sports competitions hosted by Malaysia
2007 in youth sport
Ben Hutton (born April 20, 1993) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing with the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL). Hutton was drafted 147th overall by the Vancouver Canucks in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Hutton played Junior A with the Kemptville 73's and Nepean Raiders of the Central Canada Hockey League before joining the college hockey ranks with the Maine Black Bears of the Hockey East league. Hutton earned All-Hockey East First Team honours during his college career. Internationally, he represented Canada at the 2011 World Junior A Challenge, winning silver, and played for Canada at the 2016 IIHF World Championship in Moscow, winning gold.
Playing career
College
Hutton played for the Maine Black Bears in the NCAA Men's Division I Hockey East conference. In his second year, Hutton's outstanding play was rewarded with a selection to the 2013–14 All-Hockey East first team.
Professional
Vancouver Canucks
Following his junior season with the Black Bears, on March 16, 2015, Hutton was signed to a two-year, entry-level contract with the Canucks. He was then assigned to their American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Utica Comets, to finish the 2014–15 season.
On October 5, 2015, Hutton was named to the Canucks' roster to start the 2015–16 NHL season, despite having been expected to begin the year with Utica. He made his NHL debut on October 7, 2015, earning his first career point, an assist, setting up Jannik Hansen for the game's opening goal in an eventual 5–1 win against the Calgary Flames. He scored his first NHL goal on January 17, 2016, against goaltender Jaroslav Halák in a game against the New York Islanders, which the Canucks won 2–1 in a shootout. Hutton finished his rookie season with 1 goal and 24 assists for 25 points in 75 games played, and was named the team's most outstanding defenceman, recognized by the Babe Pratt Trophy.
On November 24, 2016, Hutton signed a two-year, $5.6 million contract extension with the Canucks.
Los Angeles Kings
After not being tendered a contract by Vancouver during the 2019 offseason, Hutton became an unrestricted free-agent. On September 17, 2019, he signed a one-year, $1.5 million contract with the Kings.
Anaheim Ducks
As a free agent entering the pandemic delayed 2020–21 season, Hutton belatedly joined the Anaheim Ducks training camp on professional tryout basis. On January 15, 2021, the Ducks signed Hutton to a one-year, $950,000 contract for the remainder of the season. He skated in 34 regular season games with the Ducks, collecting 1 goal and 5 points.
Toronto Maple Leafs
With the Ducks well out of playoff contention, Hutton was dealt at the trade deadline to add blueline depth to the Toronto Maple Leafs, in exchange for a fifth-round draft pick in 2022 on April 12, 2021. Hutton would play in four regular season games with Toronto, but was a healthy scratch for the team during the post-season. At the end of the season, Hutton was not offered a contract by the Maple Leafs.
Vegas Golden Knights
With the season underway, Hutton remained un-signed as a free agent. With the Golden Knights depleted through injury, Hutton was signed to a one-year, $750,000 contract with the Vegas Golden Knights on October 28, 2021.
Hutton signed a two-year, $1.7 million contract extension with Vegas on March 5, 2022.
International play
Hutton represented Canada East at the 2011 World Junior A Challenge in Langley, British Columbia. He scored a goal and two assists in four games as Canada East won silver, losing to Canada West in the gold medal game.
Hutton represented Team Canada at the 2016 IIHF World Championship in Russia, alongside Vancouver Canucks teammate Christopher Tanev.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Anaheim Ducks players
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Los Angeles Kings players
Maine Black Bears men's ice hockey players
Nepean Raiders players
People from Leeds and Grenville United Counties
Toronto Maple Leafs players
Utica Comets players
Vancouver Canucks draft picks
Vancouver Canucks players
Vegas Golden Knights players
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
Private Charles Godfrey MM is a fictional Home Guard platoon member, first portrayed by Arnold Ridley in the BBC television sitcom Dad's Army. and in the 1971 Dad's Army film. He is retired and was previously a tailor for the Civil Service Stores or the Army & Navy Stores. Godfrey was a conscientious objector during the First World War, yet he did work as a stretcher bearer with the Royal Army Medical Corps and earned a Military Medal for taking the wounded off the battle field at the Battle of the Somme. This has earned him great respect among the platoon members and resulted in him being appointed as the First Aid supervisor. Ridley himself fought at the Battle of the Somme during the First World War.
Personality
Godfrey was born in 1871, and is a gentle, mild-mannered and kindly old gentleman, though more complex than at first evident. He is the only member of the platoon who has retired. In the episode "Branded" it is revealed that he was a conscientious objector in the First World War. This revelation initially makes him a pariah. However, during a training exercise, he risks his life to rescue Captain Mainwaring. Later, his sister reveals to the platoon that, far from avoiding service, he earned the Military Medal during the Battle of the Somme, where he served with distinction as a stretcher bearer with the Royal Army Medical Corps, and heroically saved several men's lives while under fire, an accomplishment he plays down modestly. This earns him the respect of the platoon, and leads to him being appointed as First Aid supervisor. Arnold Ridley actually served during the First World War with the Somerset Light Infantry, and fought in the Battle of the Somme, where he was severely wounded. These injuries gave a practical reason for his role: it was much easier for Ridley to carry the first aid bag than a heavy rifle.
Godfrey is a long-standing friend of Sergeant Wilson, and in the episode "High Finance" he lends Wilson a large sum of money when Mrs Pike is blackmailed by Hodges. He lives in picturesque Cherry Tree Cottage with his hard-of-hearing spinster sisters, Dolly and Cissy. He is clearly very fond of them, and often brings them up in conversation. When provisions are needed, his sister Dolly often provides upside-down cakes.
He is immensely loyal to Captain Mainwaring, who often feels quite guilty whenever he has criticised Godfrey:
Mainwaring: "If you're not fit for active service, perhaps you shouldn't come at all."
Godfrey: "I didn't want to disappoint you, sir."
Mainwaring: "Well done Godfrey."
from the episode "Everybody's Trucking".
He served for 35 years either as an assistant in the sports department of the Civil Service Stores (TV) or tailor and assistant in the Army & Navy Stores (radio).
Mainwaring: "Occupation?"
Godfrey: "I'm retired, but I was 25 years in the Civil Service."
Mainwaring: "Really? Indian or British?"
Godfrey: "Civil Service Stores."
Mainwaring: "Any previous military experience?"
Godfrey: "I was several years in the sports department. That meant archery and air guns."
from the pilot episode "The Man and the Hour".
An aspect of his old age is his weak bladder, which lets him down and postpones all platoon activity, hence his catchphrase, "May I be excused, sir?", and his tendency to fall asleep can be similarly categorised: "I must have dropped off!".
Medals
Although Private Godfrey rarely wore his ribbons, he was awarded the usual trio of First World War campaign medals (commonly known as "Pip, Squeak and Wilfred"), in addition to his Military Medal for bravery.
Other portrayals
Private Godfrey is portrayed by Michael Gambon in the 2016 Dad's Army film.
Bernard Cribbins was set to portray him in a series of re-enactments of otherwise lost episodes of Dad's Army., but had to step away from the project for personal reasons, and was replaced by Timothy West
See also
William Coltman, a stretcher bearer who served in the First World War, receiving the Victoria Cross for actions similar to those written into Private Godfrey's character.
Charles Godfrey, a music hall entertainer in the 1880s and 1890s
Notes
References
References
Bibliography
Dad's Army characters
Fictional British Army personnel
Fictional World War I veterans
Television characters introduced in 1968
William Arnold Jefferson (November 28, 1951 – November 19, 1995) was an American librarian and United Nations employee who was killed while serving in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Jefferson was found shot to death near Banovići, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
His killing was originally described as a criminal act, connected with robbing him of his valuables. American counter-terrorism officials would later imply it was an act of terrorism.
Jefferson was from Camden, New Jersey. He started working for the U.N. in its Dag Hammarskjöld Library in 1982.
In 1992 he volunteered to serve on overseas U.N. missions, first serving in Somalia.
Joe Sills, a U.N. spokesmen stated: "There was every reason to believe that the motives were criminal and not political. Mr. Jefferson's car was stolen and his personal belongings were missing." A week later the New York Times reported: "United Nations officials strongly suspect that he was killed by the mujahedeen, who may have mistaken him for a British citizen."
Jefferson was a Librarian at the U.N., who volunteered take leave to serve in Bosnia.
American counter-terrorism officials were later to class the killing as a terrorist attack.
Saudi Arabian Ahmed Zaid Salim Zuhair is alleged to have played a role in his killing. When he was captured Zuhair was said to have had Jefferson's watch in his possession.
Zuhair's attorneys have pointed out that Zuhair was never charged in connection with the killing, despite extensive investigations by the UN, FBI, and Bosnian authorities. Bosnian authorities issued an arrest warrant for Fa'iz al-Shanbari in 1998 in relation to the shooting.
The UN's 200-page investigation made no mention of Zuhair.
Zuhair was cleared for release by the Bush administration and finally repatriated to Saudi Arabia on June 12, 2009.
During a hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee on June 17, 2009, Attorney General Eric Holder publicly admitted that Zuhair had been cleared for transfer from Guantanamo by both administrations because "there was no sufficient proof" linking him to the Jefferson killing.
References
1951 births
1995 deaths
American librarians
People from Camden, New Jersey
American officials of the United Nations
Deaths by firearm in Bosnia and Herzegovina
American people murdered abroad
People murdered in Bosnia and Herzegovina
American terrorism victims
1995 crimes in Bosnia and Herzegovina
1995 murders in Europe
1990s murders in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Terrorist incidents in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Terrorist incidents in Europe in 1995
Islamic terrorism in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Follow My Lead may refer to:
Follow My Lead (band)
"Follow My Lead", song by 50 Cent from Curtis
"Follow My Lead", song by rappers Brotha Lynch Hung and C-Bo from Blocc Movement
"Follow My Lead", song by Justin Timberlake and Esmée Denters
Harold Harris Healy Jr. (27 August 1921 – 4 March 2007) was an American lawyer who had a distinguished career in international law. A graduate of Yale University (1943), where he was a member of Skull and Bones, and Yale Law School (1949), he worked for the United States Department of Justice and was a longtime partner of the firm of Debevoise & Plimpton. He was notably the first American President of the Union Internationale des Avocats, was Chairman and Treasurer of the Legal Aid Society, and was a recipient of the Légion d'honneur (Chevalier).
Healy was born in Denver, and died in New York City.
References
1921 births
2007 deaths
20th-century American lawyers
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Yale University alumni
Union Internationale des Avocats
People associated with Debevoise & Plimpton
Trochocercus is a genus of bird in the family Monarchidae. Described by Jean Cabanis in 1850, the name Trochocercus is a combination of the Greek words trokhos meaning "circular" or "round" and kerkos, meaning "tail".
Taxonomy and systematics
Extant species
After three former species were transferred to the genus Elminia in 2009, the genus Trochocercus now contains the following two remaining species:
Former species
Formerly, some authorities also considered the following species (or subspecies) as species within the genus Trochocercus:
Bedford's paradise flycatcher (as Trochocercus bedfordi)
Dusky crested flycatcher (as Trochocercus nigromitratus)
White-bellied crested flycatcher (as Trochocercus albiventris)
White-tailed crested flycatcher (as Trochocercus albicaudatus or Trochocercus albonotata)
References
Monarchidae
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Frankie DeCarlos Patrick (born July 14, 1976), better known by his stage name Frankie DeCarlos, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, musician, and entrepreneur. His latest and most popular album 9 was released April 9, 2013.
Life and career
Early life
Frankie DeCarlos Patrick was born on July 14, 1976 at General Hospital in Somerville, TN a small town outside of Memphis, TN. As a child, he was raised in Memphis, Orange Mound, an African-American neighborhood in the United States. Growing up in a gospel and soul music environment, Frankie DeCarlos learned to sing, play instruments, and minister. He became an ordained Baptist minister at the age of 15. After relocating to Atlanta, Georgia in December 2002, Frankie DeCarlos started cultivating his musical skills in the R&B/Soul genres.
Career beginnings
Frankie DeCarlos began his career singing gospel with his sister, Angela, and cousin, Tomeka in a children's group called The Patrick Singers. He and his father later founded a gospel group called Frankie & Divine. In 2007, Frankie DeCarlos recorded his first secular album Human Man which was released by Lepo Entertainment and Chispa Music Group. On July 3, 2007, Frankie DeCarlos started the Human Man promotional tour by performing in his hometown Memphis, TN. at the Gibson Guitar Showcase Lounge. Soon after the release of Human Man, the album reached #1 in the Soul Digger Hot 10 Black Music Review magazine. The follow-up album, Frankie DeCarlos was released in 2008.
EMPIRE
After taking a two-year break from recording, FDC released his third commercial Indie album, EMPIRE, on June 14, 2011. EMPIRE was recorded in Georgia during the winter of 2010 and mixed in Los Angeles, California by Ken Townsend, founder of the New Genesis Band. EMPIRE was produced by Frankie DeCarlos and Torian Eddie of Beat Boyz. Many of the records were written or co-written by Frankie DeCarlos and Dubois Johnson. The additional credited songwriters are Vernell Thomas, JC Durrah, Calvin Bonds, Jade Woodall, and Jermaine Jordan. EMPIRE Special Edition was released October 25, 2011, including new photos and three bonus instrumental tracks. "Close To You" was featured on Europe's top soul & urban radio station, Solar Radio.
Discography
Studio albums
Human Man (2007)
Frankie DeCarlos (2008)
EMPIRE (2011)
9 (2013)
Singles
"Sex Appeal" (2011)
"My Queen" (2013)
References
External links
Official website
1976 births
Living people
American male singer-songwriters
Record producers from Tennessee
Musicians from Memphis, Tennessee
Singer-songwriters from Tennessee
People from Somerville, Tennessee
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
University of Alberta Press (UAlberta Press) is a publishing house and a division of the University of Alberta that engages in academic publishing.
Overview
UAlberta Press is situated in the Rutherford Library on the University of Alberta campus, located in Edmonton, Alberta, and publishes an average of between 15 and 25 books each year. The active title listing has approximately 450 titles, 440 of which are available digitally, as of 2017.
History
UAlberta Press was originally established as a department of the University of Alberta in 1969 and was one of several academic presses to be established in that decade. In 1974 it had grown to an annual budget of $5,000 and was run by three volunteers under the leadership of Leslie E.S. Gutteridge (1913–2000) who was appointed the first Press Director in 1977. In 1978 in response to the report of the Symons Royal Commission on Canadian Studies, the Alberta Provincial Government provided enough funding for the press to hire its first permanent staff member.
The Collected Writings of Louis Riel
In 1985 the press published The Collected Writings of Louis Riel/Les écrits complets de Louis Riel a critical edition composed of five annotated volumes on the centenary of Riel's death under the direct of George F. G. Stanley. The project was funded in part by a $5000,000 grant from the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council in 1978, which at the time was the largest grant ever to have been given. The projects administrative records, manuscripts and records are held at the University of Calgary Archive in the Thomas E. Flanagan Fonds.
Publication areas
UAlberta Press acquires, publishes, and disseminates works of scholarly merit, making them available to the broader public. Historically it is particularly recognized for publishing in the following disciplines: history, literary criticism, Canadian studies, Indigenous studies, and reference works. It has a commitment to publishing books of importance to Western Canada thereby contributing to the variety and diversity of cultural expression and promoting engagement with ideas and continuance of a literate culture.
UAlberta Press generally accepts submissions in the areas of biography, history, language, literature, natural history, regional interest, travel narratives and reference books. It contributes to the intellectual and cultural life of Alberta and Canada by publishing well-edited, research-based knowledge and creative thought, which has undergone rigorous peer-review, is of real value to natural constituencies, adheres to quality publication standards and is supported by appropriate marketing efforts.
UAlberta Press developed a strong presence in the Alberta and broader Canadian publishing industry where it is highly respected as an important contributor to scholarship and literary culture. It consistently wins editorial and design awards for its books. Amongst the books the press has published are:
Robert Conquest's Harvest of Sorrow, Soviet Collectivization and the Terror Famine.
The Collected Writings of Louis Riel/Les Ecrits complet de Louis Riel, George G.F. Stanley, Raymond J.A. Huel, Gilles Martel, Thomas Flanagan, Glenn Campbell, editors, a critical edition composed of five annotated volumes.
The Canadian Dictionary of ASL, Carole Sue Bailey and Kathy Dolby, editors, winner of the Alberta Educational Book of the Year, Scholarly Book of the Year and Trade Non-Fiction Book of the Year as well as an Award of Merit from the Association for Canadian Studies and the Alcuin Society Citation for Excellence in Book Design in Canada.
A.K. Hellum's A Painter's Year in the Forests of Bhutan, winner of the Banff Mountain Book Festival Best Book award and Alberta Book Awards for Trade Book of the Year, and Book Design, Illustration, and Cover. A.K. Hellum was also awarded the Writers' Guild of Alberta Wilfred Eggleston Award for Non-Fiction.
E.D. Blodgett's An Ark of Koans, which won a number of Alberta Book Awards, as well as design awards from the Association of American University Presses and the Alcuin Society.
The Freshwater Fishes of British Columbia, J.D. McPhail, foreword by Joseph S. Nelson and illustrations by D.L. McPhail, . This important reference work draws upon a lifetime of research by J.D. McPhail, professor emeritus of the Native Fish Research Group in the Department of Zoology at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver.
UAlberta Press has kept pace with technological innovations including digitization in the preparation of camera-ready pages; however, it is a publishing house, not a printer. UAlberta Press books are printed at different printing establishments throughout Canada depending on the specific requirements of the books including whether there are colour images and the type of binding desired, either cloth or soft cover. The press is committed to protecting the environment and in 2003 signed an agreement to have UAlberta Press books printed on stock that contains 100% consumer recycled fibres and is acid and chlorine-free.
UAlberta Press first hosted a website in 1995 and upgraded it in 2002, when it became possible to run webpages containing information pulled from a comprehensive database of title metadata. An online store was added in 2004.
Industry associations
Book Publishers Association of Alberta
Association of Canadian Publishers
Association of Canadian University Presses/Association des presses universitaires canadiennes
Association of University Presses
References
External links
University of Alberta Press website
University presses of Canada
Press
Publishing companies established in 1969
1969 establishments in Alberta
Tina Costa (11 November 1925 – 20 March 2019) was an Italian anti-fascist and syndicalist.
Biography
Born in Gemmano near Rimini from an anti-fascist family, Costa refused to wear the compulsory fascist school uniform.
During Second World War
During Second World War, Tina Costa entered the Resistance and joined the Italian Communist Party since Second Italo-Ethiopian War; she performed several jobs as a dispatch rider through the Gothic Line.
She was arrested with her mother and one of her brothers and was imprisoned in Fossoli camp but they all escaped during a bombing that hit their train.
Activism
After the war Costa stayed in the Italian Communist Party till its closure and then joined the Communist Refoundation Party. Costa was an active member of Italian General Confederation of Labour and board member of dell'National Association of Italian Partisans- She took part in rallies for civil and political rights till her death.
Death
Tina Costa died in Rome on 20 March 2019 at 93 years Several politicians mourned her death.
References
1925 births
2019 deaths
Italian resistance movement
Italian anti-fascists
Communist Refoundation Party politicians
Italian Communist Party politicians
20th-century Italian women politicians
Italian syndicalists
Nikolina Moldovan (, born 1 May 1990) is a Serbian sprint canoer.
Career
Nikolina was born on 1 May 1990 in Belgrade, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia to a Serb father, Zoran Moldovan and a Russian mother, Tatjana, originally from Sochi, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.
Her sister Olivera Moldovan is also a sprint canoer.
Nikolina represented Serbia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in 2 disciplines: K-1 200m and K-2 500m (with her sister, Olivera Moldovan). Moldovan competed in the same event at the 2016 Summer Olympics. In the K-2 500m she competed with Milica Starovic.
References
External links
Biography at sportline.hu
1990 births
Living people
Serbian female canoeists
Serbian people of Russian descent
Olympic canoeists of Serbia
Canoeists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Belgrade
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in kayak
European Games medalists in canoeing
Canoeists at the 2015 European Games
European Games silver medalists for Serbia
Universiade medalists in canoeing
Universiade silver medalists for Serbia
Universiade bronze medalists for Serbia
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
The Intro is the debut EP by Canadian singer/songwriter Ruth B. It was released on November 27, 2015, and was met with generally positive reviews.
Background
Ruth B had initially gained popularity by posting six-second snippets of her singing on Vine; she was encouraged by her fans to write a full-length song, so she wrote "Lost Boy", which ended up being her first hit. The song entered the Top 100 of the iTunes chart "with no promotion", and B began receiving offers for recording contracts from various record labels. She signed to Columbia Records and shortly after began recording music for "The Intro." B stated in an interview with Rookie that being signed "felt really validating and cool that people in the business thought that I could do it, not just my friends and family."
Writing and recording
Ruth B began writing music after being signed to her record label; she stated that she wanted to take an "honest, real, and vulnerable" approach when writing the music. Ruth B self-produced her entire EP, and wrote 14 songs for the EP, selecting 4 to be included on the release. Three of the EP's songs ("Lost Boy", "Golden", and "2 Broke Kids") were written prior to Ruth B's signing to the record label; she wrote "Superficial Love" shortly after being signed. The EP was recorded in two days at a music studio in Brooklyn.
Release
The album was released as an MP3 on 27 November 2015, and re-released on CD in 2016, following the success of "Lost Boy".
Critical reception
Andy Kellman, writing for AllMusic, calls the lyrics "elegant and direct" and concludes that the EP is "all aching love songs that are nonetheless comforting."
Commercial performance
The EP debuted at number 20 on the Billboard Canadian Albums Chart. and number 52 on the US Billboard 200. The Intro also reached number 7 on the Americana/Folk Albums chart.
Track listing
Adapted from AllMusic. All songs written by Ruth B.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2015 debut EPs
Columbia Records EPs
Live from the Hotel Café is a 4-track EP by American pop-rock singer-songwriter Matt Hires released on October 7, 2008 and reached the top 10 on iTunes' Top Singer-Songwriters Albums chart upon its release. The EP contained three live performances and one demo track which selected performances at the Hotel Café in Los Angeles.
Reception
Critical response
Live from the Hotel Café has received positive reviews from music critics.
Andrew Leahey from AllMusic said: "Hires sings, sounding like a younger Dave Matthews. His craft may not be up to par with that songwriting giant, but Live from the Hotel Cafe shows that Hires' influences are in the right place."
"His talent level is enough that even in four songs you know what a Matt Hires' song sounds like. He's etched his sonic mark in a very short time." -Awmusic
Comparison
Upon his first release, Hires was often compared to John Mayer, Dave Matthews, Mat Kearney and Jack Johnson.
"Looking at Hires you can't help but think of Jack Johnson, whose laidback eco-friendly personality figures heavily in both his appearance and his music. Johnson embodies the oceanside, surfing troubadour and Hires, with his trademark sandals and curly blonde locks, is aesthetically a Jack Johnson disciple." "There are times when you firmly believe you may have slid a Dave Matthews CD in by mistake. His songs, his rhythm and even his voice are so Dave Matthews you wonder openly wonder about the frailties of intellectual property." – Awmusic
Andrew Leahey said: "Open your mind and let your beauty flow like wine" Hires sings, sounding like a younger Dave Matthews. His craft may not be up to par with that songwriting giant, but Live from the Hotel Cafe shows that Hires' influences are in the right place."
Hires responded: "I like those artists. I don't necessarily listen to a lot of their stuff so I don't think my music sounds like them. I didn't feel any pressure from that."
Track listing
Live from the Hotel Café
Credits
Performance credits
Matt Hires – Primary Artist, Acoustic Guitar, Vocals
Technical credits
David Harrigan – Art Direction
John Barnes Wellss – Engineer
References
2008 debut EPs
Matt Hires albums
2008 live albums
Live EPs
Atlantic Records live albums
Atlantic Records EPs
The Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ60 or Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ62 is a DSLR-like ultrazoom bridge camera announced by Panasonic back in 2012. FZ60 is for Americas and Asia-Pacific, while the FZ62 is for Europe and CIS. The highest-resolution pictures it records is 16.1 megapixels, through its 25mm Leica DC VARIO-ELMARIT.
Its successor is the FZ70/72 with a 16 megapixel sensor and 60x optical zoom lens.
Properties
24x optical zoom
16.1 megapixels sensor MOS
Light Speed AF
Full HD movie 1.920 x 1.080
Creative Control & Creative Retouch with 14 effects
References
External links
DMC-FZ62 on panasonic.it
Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ62 review
Bridge digital cameras
FZ62
Starlight is a village in Buckingham Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania, United States. Crosstown Highway, which is entirely concurrent with Pennsylvania Route 370 (PA-370), is generally thought to be the southern edge of the village. It was once a depot of the Scranton Division of the New York, Ontario & Western (O&W) Railway, but today, when it is known outside its immediate vicinity, it is largely for being home to the Inn at Starlight Lake & Restaurant, which has been open since 1909.
Municipal status and boundaries
A Pennsylvania Department of Transportation (PennDOT) sign on Crosstown Highway identifies the community as the "Village of Starlight." In Pennsylvania, a village is an unincorporated community within a township, but PennDOT identifies most villages with roadside signs, a fact that might reasonably lead those unfamiliar with this practice to believe that these communities are incorporated municipalities administered separately from the townships in which they are located. Since Pennsylvania's villages, including Starlight, are, in fact, not municipalities in their own right, they do not have official boundaries, and the United States Census Bureau does not collect statistics for them (unless, unlike Starlight, they are census-designated places). In spite of this, because of strong local consensus, as well as the fact that many features are named for the villages they are associated with, it is almost always impossible to consistently determine whether a particular feature is in one village or another.
Natural features
Shehawken Creek (once called Chehocton Creek) and Starlight Lake are located in Starlight. The latter is the source of the former.
Hauntings
Ever since Starlight has been settled, there have been reports of unusual sightings, hauntings and paranormal disturbances.
Frequently, there are reports of a young woman wearing a soaking-wet evening dress. Reports say the girl tells people she was involved in a boating accident and needs to get to an address on Depot Hill Road. When she gets into the car's back seat, she disappears. This report has been heard since settlers were arriving in the days before automobiles, and the young woman would disappear from the back of a horse and buggy.
Another haunting includes the proprietor of a long since burned hotel that once stood on the shores of the lake. People would flock to the lake to get away from the heat of the New York City summer and reports state that a man dressed in 19th century clothing, floating along the shore, hearing his laughter echoing over the waves. They say the best time to hear his cackles is just before the sun goes down.
In 1890, on what was the old Cottage Road bridge, a drifter was murdered because his landlord thought the drifter was a warlock who had placed a hex upon him. It was a particularly gruesome murder and after it was done, the drifter's body was thrown in Shehawken Creek where it floated to the middle of the lake, froze deep in the winter ice, and could not be removed until the following spring. It is said that the hex is activated any time someone does or says things 3 times in a row. Reports continue to this day that the drifter's body can be seen in the lake from the bridge and after uttering the same phrase three times.
In the mid 1800s, the surrounding property was a successful poultry farm. The owner's daughter was engaged to a Frenchman who owned a large plantation in Haiti and who was rumored to be a high priest in the Voodoo religion. One evening during a new moon, when the girl's father and her fiancée discussed the wedding ceremony, the Frenchman described some of the religious rituals he wanted to include in the wedding ceremony, including live chicken sacrifices, the father erupted and told the Frenchman to get out and that the wedding was off. This disturbed the girl so much that she immediately ran out of the house in the pitch black, got on her trusted horse and took off. In the darkness of the new moon, she didn't see a low-hanging branch of a familiar tree near the lake, and was knocked off the horse and immediately killed. Her mangled body was found the next day by her father and the horse was never recovered. The Frenchman is said to have cursed the father and it is often reported that the mangled girl can be seen in her nightgown wandering near the lake in the week following the new moon. Occasionally, there are reports of a lone horse walking in the distance along Starlight Lake Road.
References
Pocono Mountains
Unincorporated communities in Wayne County, Pennsylvania
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
Riccarton may refer to:
New Zealand
Riccarton, New Zealand, a suburb of Christchurch
Riccarton (New Zealand electorate), the electorate named after it
The location of Riccarton Race Course
a locality on the Taieri Plains in Otago
Scotland
Riccarton, East Ayrshire, a parish and old village in Ayrshire, today considered part of Kilmarnock
Riccarton, Edinburgh, a locality to the south-west of Edinburgh, the site of Heriot-Watt University's main campus
Riccarton Tower, at the beginning of Riccarton Burn, the valley of Clan Crozier, Liddesdale
Riccarton Junction railway station, a former station
Shining Night: A Portrait of Composer Morten Lauridsen is a 2012 documentary film about the American choral composer Morten Lauridsen, (b. February 27, 1943), National Medal of Arts recipient (2007) and most-performed living American choral composer.
Summary
The 74-minute Song Without Borders films directed by Michael Stillwater, co-produced with Doris Laesser Stillwater, interweaves footage of the composer's remote island residency in the Pacific Northwest with interviews and performances in America and Scotland. Included in the documentary are perspectives from poet and former National Endowment for the Arts chairman Dana Gioia, conductor Robert Geary, composer/conductor Paul Mealor, conductor Paul Salamunovich, and composer Alex Shapiro, along with commentaries from other conductors, composers and singers.
Performances by San Francisco Choral Society, University of Aberdeen Choral Society and Orchestra, Con Anima Chamber Choir and Volti, are featured in the film. Works include O Magnum Mysterium, Lux Aeterna, Madrigali, Dirait-on, and Nocturnes, with soundtracks by Polyphony (choir) and Britten Sinfonia (conducted by Stephen Layton), The Singers - Minnesota Choral Artists (conducted by Matthew Culloton), and the Dale Warland Singers (conducted by Dale Warland).
Screening
Premiered on February 7, 2012 in Palm Springs, California as a prelude event to the 1st American Documentary Film Festival, the screening was followed by a choral performance by the USC Chamber Singers conducted by Jo-Michael Scheibe and accompanied by the composer on piano.
The New York premiere was hosted by Distinguished Concerts International New York on March 30, 2012, introduced by composer/conductor Eric Whitacre and attended by Lauridsen, followed by a Lincoln Center performance of Lux Aeterna and Carnegie Hall performances of Sure On This Shining Night and Dirait-on, conducted by Whitacre and accompanied on piano by Lauridsen.
The San Francisco premiere was hosted by vocal group Volti on June 12, 2012, at the Brava Theater, and the Los Angeles Premiere was hosted by the Visions & Voices Series on November 2, 2012 at USC's Bovard Auditorium The film was also screened at the 2012 Chorus America conference in Minneapolis and the 2012 World Choir Games in Cincinnati, Ohio, the American Choral Directors Association (ACDA) national and regional conferences in Dallas, TX, (March 2013) and Santa Barbara, CA, (February 2014), the 50th Anniversary of the Los Angeles Master Chorale (March 2014), and the World Choir Games in Riga, Latvia (July, 2014).
Beginning in 2012, the film has premiered in theater, festival and concert hall screenings across America and internationally, including Scotland, Switzerland, Germany, Austria, England, Wales, Denmark, South Africa, Poland, and Canada, often hosted by choral societies. Public television broadcasts via KCET Southern California are scheduled for 2013-2014. A 56-minute version of the film was produced for public television broadcast and conference/university use, included on the DVD beginning in the 2nd edition.
Awards and nominations
2012 – Won, Best Documentary, Grand Jury Award, DC Independent Film Festival
2012 – Won, Best Documentary/International Subject, Eugene International Film Festival
2012 – Won, Honorable Mention, Los Angeles Movie Awards
2012 – Won, Bronze, Oregon Film Awards
2012 – Nominated, Best Documentary, Cincinnati Film Festival
2013 - Won, Audience Choice Award, Friday Harbor Film Festival, San Juan Island, WA
2014 - Won, Best Documentary Award, Asheville Cinema Festival, Asheville, NC
Responses
Terry Teachout, Wall Street Journal: '"a heartening rarity- a thoroughly intelligent classical-music program that strikes an appropriate balance between words and music."
Kay Pollak, director of Oscar-nominated film, As It Is In Heaven: "a masterpiece about a music master".
Kevin Starr, National Humanities Medalist 2006, "Magnificent music, cinematography, and commentary! Thanks to Shining Night, America's premier composer of choral music receives a tribute that underscores the power of his music to elevate the spirit and create community."
Grant Gershon, Music Director, Los Angeles Master Chorale: "Shining Night provides enormous insight into Lauridsen's work capturing much of the essence of both the sound and structure of his art, and why it touches listeners and performers so deeply."
Eric Whitacre, composer/conductor, "Conveys the musical legend and the gentle, introspective genius."
Stephen Levine (author) and Ondrea Levine, 'A Year To Live,' "Shining Night documents the sounds in the atmosphere when the earth was being formed. It is the melody of the spheres discovered in depth consciousness. In the fine net of his art, Stillwater has captured the unnamable. We loved the film and recommend it highly."
Therese Schroeder-Sheker, founder, Chalice of Repose, "One of the most beautiful and uplifting pieces... moved me to tears of gratitude, joy, and more."
Jim Tusty, co-director of the film The Singing Revolution: "Stillwater's filmic style is sympatico with Lauridsen's delivery-a fascinating film to watch."
Tim Sharp, Executive Director, American Choral Directors Association: "Illuminates the person behind the music, giving us a rare glimpse into its creative source."
Jim Garrison (theologian), founder, State of the World Forum, "a masterpiece..the film distills the etheric purity of Lauridsen's music"
Don Schwartz, CineSource Magazine, May 2012: "a multi-level treat"
Diane Krieger, USC Arts & Culture Oct. 31, 2012: "layers misty vistas...over soul-stirring passages of (Lauridsen's) choral works."
Steve Weiss, Executive Director, No Festival Required, Phoenix Chorale Website "Gorgeous filmmaking and beautiful music from a contemporary genius, Shining Night is a must-see for those who love the performing arts!" (Arizona premiere with Phoenix Chorale, January, 2013)
Jason Becker, composer/guitarist, "An absolutely beautiful movie about a composer whose music is truly the voice of God. I am so inspired, musically, personally and spiritually."
Constance Demby, composer/recording artist, "a gem, a masterpiece; deeply moving, absorbing...a fantastic experience."
DVD Distribution
June, 2012: Hal Leonard Corporation, publisher of sheet music (and largest distributor of Morten Lauridsen's music), began distribution of the DVD with a promotion to choral directors throughout US and Canada.
June, 2012: Faber Music, UK distributor of Morten Lauridsen's music, began UK distribution of the DVD.
June, 2014: Hänssler (hänssler CLASSIC), a German music publishing house, began distribution to Europe and internationally.
Book Publication
GIA Publications, Chicago, released a companion giftbook to the film (2013), entitled Morten Lauridsen's Waldron Island Reflections, containing images and text from the film. Photographed and edited by film director Michael Stillwater.
Background
Originally developed from an interview with the composer at a Volti rehearsal of Nocturnes in San Francisco in May, 2010, Shining Night is a Song Without Borders film co-produced by Michael Stillwater and Doris Laesser Stillwater, the first episode in the documentary series, In Search of The Great Song, exploring and celebrating the transformative dimension of song.
The director, Michael Stillwater, is a songwriter and music educator, developer of the SongSourcing method for spontaneous songmaking, recording artist of a dozen CDs of contemplative songs and inspirational music, co-author of Graceful Passages: A Companion for Living and Dying, published by New World Library, 2002, applying music and spoken word as a palliative care approach, and co-authored Music at the End of Life. In 2005 he received, together with Gary Malkin, Roshi Joan Halifax, and Frank Ostaseski, the Elisabeth Kubler-Ross Award for End of Life Service from the Chaplaincy Institute for Arts and Interfaith Ministries in Berkeley, California.
Articles and Reviews
Wall Street Journal, article by Terry Teachout "The Best Composer You've Never Heard Of" Retrieved 4-15-2012
Film Website Retrieved 4-15-2012
Film FaceBook Page Retrieved 4-15-2012
Film Trailer Retrieved 4-15-2012
Deep Cinema, Review by Mary Trainor-Brigham, Retrieved 6-21-2012
The Oregonian, Review by David Stabler, Retrieved 6-21-2012
Oregon Arts Watch, Review by Brett Campbell Retrieved 6-21-2012
Crisis Magazine, Review by Robert Reilly Retrieved 10-13-2012
The Salt Lake Tribune, Article by Rebecca Howard Retrieved 1-28-2013
Oregon Public Broadcasting, Article by Geoff Norcross Retrieved 11-16-13
References
External links
Documentary films about classical music and musicians
2010s English-language films
The women's freestyle 48 kg is a competition featured at the 2014 European Wrestling Championships, and was held in Vantaa, Finland on 2 April 2014.
Medalists
Results
Legend
F — Won by fall
Final
Main Draw
Top Half
Bottom Half
Repechage
2014 European Wrestling Championships
The bare-eyed thrush (Turdus tephronotus) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, and Tanzania.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It breeds during the rainy season.
This species has a very large range, and hence does not approach the thresholds for Vulnerable under the range size criterion (Extent of Occurrence <20,000 km2 combined with a declining or fluctuating range size, habitat extent/quality, or population size and a small number of locations or severe fragmentation). The population trend is not known, but the population is not believed to be decreasing sufficiently rapidly to approach the thresholds under the population trend criterion (>30% decline over ten years or three generations). The population size has not been quantified, but it is not believed to approach the thresholds for Vulnerable under the population size criterion (<10,000 mature individuals with a continuing decline estimated to be >10% in ten years or three generations, or with a specified population structure). For these reasons the species is evaluated as Least Concern.
References
Turdus
Birds of East Africa
Birds described in 1878
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Goldstein College, University of New South Wales is one of the three original Kensington Colleges along with Phillip Baxter and Basser College, located in Australia. In 2012 and 2013, Goldstein residents resided in Baxter College during the University of New South Wales (UNSW) major student accommodation redevelopment project.
History
Goldstein College is the smallest of the three Kensington Colleges at the University of New South Wales. The newly completed Goldstein College building houses 150 residents. The residents of the college are of local, rural and international students.
The original Goldstein College was opened on 30 June 1964, along with the Goldstein Dining Hall which is shared by all residents of The Kensington Colleges. The college was designed by Government Architect, E.H. Farmer, and a member of his staff, Peter Hall, who later succeeded Jørn Utzon as supervising architect of the Sydney Opera House. The Goldstein Dining Hall won the Sulman Award for architecture in 1966.
Goldstein College was named after Phillip Godfrey Goldstein (1895-1963), who arrived in Australia in 1911 from England. In 1959 he donated £40,000 (Australian) towards the construction of the Dining Hall and College. The College initially housed women and postgraduate students, being the first college accommodation for women on the UNSW campus.
House Committee
Goldstein College is governed by a student run House Committee under the supervision of the Dean of College.
Redevelopment
The redeveloped Goldstein College opened in Semester 1, 2014. It accommodates 150 students in a mixture of rooms with either en suites or shared bathroom facilities. The College shares landscaped garden spaces with Basser, Philip Baxter and the newly established residences; Fig Tree Hall and Colombo House. Residents are provided with three meals per day (during session) at the Goldstein Dining Hall, which is shared with the other Kensington Colleges - Basser and Philip Baxter and Fig Tree Hall. The Dining Hall has undergone a major refurbishment while retaining the design features and fixtures of the original interior.
References
External links
UNSW Residential Communities
Goldstein College webpage
Residential colleges of the University of New South Wales
Educational institutions established in 1964
1964 establishments in Australia
State Route 668 (SR 668) is a north-south state highway in central Ohio. Its southern terminus is at an intersection with SR 93 in the Wayne National Forest, northeast of Logan; its northern terminus is at an intersection with US 40 in the unincorporated community of Brownsville.
Route description
SR 668 begins at SR 93 in Falls Township, about northeast of Logan. The route heads north and almost immediately exits Hocking County and enters Perry County. For the first of the route, the route is also within the boundaries of the Wayne National Forest. The route reaches Junction City and reaches SR 37 in the center of town. The two routes run together west on Main Street out of town. Shortly after leaving the village, the two routes separate, SR 37 continues west while SR 668 heads north. Upon entering Somerset, the road name becomes Market Street and eventually reaches US 22 (Main Street). SR 668 turns right onto US 22 and the two routes head towards the center of Somerset. SR 13 (Columbus Street) intersects Main Street at a traffic circle in the center of town. The circle houses a memorial to General Philip Sheridan who was born in Somerset. At the eastern village limits, SR 668 splits from US 22 and heads north. North of Somerset, there is a stop-controlled intersection with SR 204 where only travelers on SR 668 must stop. The route then passes a former railroad and makes a sharp turn towards the southeast at Hopewell Township Road 65. It heads up the side of a hill as it gradually curves back to the north. The route passes the Suburban Landfill before it exits Perry County and enters Licking County. After entering Licking County, SR 668 reaches a partial interchange with I-70. Known as exit 141 on I-70, the interchange only provides eastbound travelers on I-70 the opportunity to connect to SR 668 and access to I-70 westbound only from SR 668. After I-70, the route enters the unincorporated community of Brownsville (within Bowling Green Township). SR 668 comes to an end at an intersection with US 40 (National Road). Travelers that need to access I-70 eastbound can head east on US 40 and access I-70 in the nearby village of Gratiot.
History
SR 668 was brought into the state highway system in 1937 on a route longer than it runs today. At its first designation, the route ran from SR 75 (now SR 93) near Logan, past Brownsville on Brownsville Road (now County Road 668) to SR 16 near Hanover. One year later, SR 668 took over the entire route of SR 207; SR 668 shared a short concurrency west on SR 16, went northeast into Hanover and Perryton, and traveled north to its end at SR 79 near Fallsburg. By 1959, the route was shortened to its current length.
Major junctions
References
668
Transportation in Hocking County, Ohio
Transportation in Perry County, Ohio
Transportation in Licking County, Ohio
ALA Promotions was a boxing promotions company based in Cebu, Philippines. It is known for promoting prominent Filipino boxers including world champions Donnie Nietes and Milan Melindo.
History
ALA Boxing was established in 1985 in Cebu by businessman Antonio L. Aldeguer, whose initials "ALA" are the namesake of the sports firm. ALA Boxing through ALA Promotions first rose to prominence in the 1990s after they have organized boxing matches featuring Edito Villamor and Gerry Peñalosa.
In 2006, Michael Aldeguer took over as the chairman and CEO of ALA.
ALA partnered with Golden Boy Promotions to produce the Battle of Cebu in 2008, which featured the tie of Filipino boxer Z Gorres against Fernando Montiel of Mexico at the Cebu City Sports Complex, as well as matches between Filipino and Mexican boxes in Sacramento, California. ALA also had a partnership with Top Rank and has organized matches in the United Arab Emirates as well.
In the 2010s, ALA promoted ties between Filipino boxers including Donnie Nietes and Nonito Donaire, against foreign fighters in its Pinoy Pride series it produced with ABS-CBN Sports.
In 2020, ALA's broadcast partner ABS-CBN ceased operations due to the non-renewal of the media company's franchise. This along with the COVID-19 pandemic forced the permanent closure of ALA Promotions although its affiliate gymnasium chain business, ALA Gym remained operational.
Boxers
The following are some of the boxers who were affiliated with ALA Boxing:
AJ Banal
Rey Bautista
Nonito Donaire
Z Gorres
Mark Magsayo
Milan Melindo
Donnie Nietes
Albert Pagara
Jason Pagara
Gerry Peñalosa
Jeo Santisima
Genesis Servania
Jonas Sultan
Arthur Villanueva
References
2020 disestablishments in the Philippines
Professional boxing organizations
Boxing promoters
Sports event promotion companies
Companies based in Cebu City
Entertainment companies established in 1985
Entertainment companies disestablished in 2020
Philippine companies established in 1985
1985 establishments in the Philippines
Homer Griswold Barber (November 25, 1830March 10, 1909) was a Michigan politician.
Early life
Homer G. Barber was born on November 25, 1830 in Benson, Vermont to parents Edward Hinman Barber and Rebecca Barber. In 1839, Homer moved with his parents to Vermontville, Michigan. His parents were among the original colonists of Vermontville, and he grew up on their farm there. There, he was educated at the Vermontville Academy.
Career
Around 1849, Barber served as a clerk for the postmaster in Kalamazoo. A year after this, in 1850, Barber went to California for the gold rush. He sailed to California, going under Cape Horn on the route. Barber mined in California for two years before returning to Vermontville. Barber used the profit from this endeavor to start a successful career as a merchant. In 1861, Barber was appointed the Postmaster of Vermontville, a position he held for eleven years. On November 4, 1870, Barber was elected to the Michigan Senate, where he represented the 20th district from January 4, 1871 to December 31, 1872. In 1872, Barber engaged in banking, establishing his own private village bank. From 1872 to 1873, Barber served as trustee of Vermontville. In 1874, Barber served as village president of Vermontville. Barber served again as village president of Vermontville from 1876 to 1879. Barber served as a Vermontville school board trustee in 1880.
Personal life
On March 23, 1853, Barber married Lucy Clarissa Dwight. Together, they had three children. Barber also adopted one daughter. Barber was widowed upon Lucy's death on May 1, 1893. On April 7, 1894, Barber remarried to Gertrude E. Wood. Barber was a Congregationalist, and was said to have a "liberal views on religion." Barber was a Freemason.
Death
In February 1909, Barber contracted influenza, which lead to his deteriorating health. Barber died on March 10, 1909. He was interred at Woodlawn Cemetery in Vermontville on March 12.
References
1830 births
1909 deaths
American bankers
American Congregationalists
American Freemasons
American merchants
Burials in Michigan
Michigan postmasters
Michigan Republicans
Michigan state senators
People from Benson, Vermont
People from Eaton County, Michigan
People of the California Gold Rush
School board members in Michigan
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American businesspeople
The Western Skou or Inner Skou languages form a branch of Skou languages. They are spoken in Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea. They are called Western Skou by Donohue (2002), Inner Sko by Foley (2018), and West Vanimo Coast by Usher (2020).
The languages are,
Skou, Vanimo, Wutung, Leitre
References
Skou languages
Sir Alfred Daniel Hall, FRS, sometimes known as Sir Daniel Hall (22 June 1864 - 5 July 1942) was a British agricultural educationist and researcher who founded the Wye College in Kent.
Hall was born in Rochdale, Lancashire where his father Edwin Hall was a flannel manufacturer. As a young boy he interacted with a naturalist group where one member collected mosses while another collected fossils and in time he too began to collect fossils in Rochdale, accompanying the Borough Surveyor S.S. Platt. He attended a private school of Theodore B. Pickles and received a scholarship to Manchester Grammar School in 1876. He studied science under Francis Jones and received a Brackenbury Scholarship at Balliol College, Oxford, joining in 1881. He received a first in natural science (chemistry) in 1884 and became a schoolmaster at Blairlodge School followed by teaching at Hulme Grammar School, Manchester and in 1888, Senior Science Master at King Edward's School, Birmingham.
He married Mary Brooks, sister of a friend, while teaching at Birmingham. In 1891 he joined the University Extension Board and he sought to establish an agriculture college for which he selected Wye and through E.J. Halsey, the chairman of the County Council, space and resources were allocated for the establishment of the Wye College. The founding staff included H.H. Cousins, chemist, John Percival, botanist, F.B. Smith, agriculturist, and F.V. Theobald, entomologist. Hall handled the teaching of chemistry. The college was formally opened in 1894 and had fourteen students. In 1902 he was persuaded to leave Wye and help rejuvenate research at the Rothamsted Laboratory. In 1912 he left Rothamsted to work with the Development Commission. In 1919 he became a director of the John Innes Horticultural Institution and was also a part-time advisor for the Ministry of Agriculture. He was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1909 and made KCB in 1918.
References
Bibliography
External links
Royal Society certificate of election
Biographical Database of the British Chemical Community, 1880-1970: Sir Alfred Daniel Hall
British botanists
1864 births
1942 deaths
People from Rochdale
Fellows of the Royal Society
Veitch Memorial Medal recipients
People educated at Manchester Grammar School
English schoolteachers
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
Academics of the University of London
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
WQLR may refer to:
WQLR (FM), a radio station in Chateaugay, New York, United States
WTOU (1560 AM), a defunct radio station in Portage, Michigan, which held the call sign WQLR from 2020 to 2021
WTOU (AM), a radio station (1660 AM) in Kalamazoo, Michigan, which held the call sign WQLR from 2007 to 2020
WVFM, a radio station (106.5 FM) in Kalamazoo, Michigan, which held the call sign WQLR from 1972 to 2007
The Graduate School at The University of Texas at Austin was established in 1910. The school offers advanced degrees in nearly 100 fields of study and has more than 12,000 students. According to the school's website, "[The Graduate School] awards the second highest number of doctoral degrees in the United States." Additionally, a number of the school's programs rank among the highest in the nation. Below is a table indicating rankings awarded to various programs in The Graduate School from 2005 to 2008:
References
University of Texas at Austin schools, colleges, and departments
Educational institutions established in 1910
1910 establishments in Texas
Thripophaga is the genus of birds that popularly are known as softtails. They are members of the ovenbird family, Furnariidae. They are found in wooded and shrubby habitats, sometimes near water, in South America.
Taxonomy and systematics
Softtails are closely related to Cranioleuca spinetails and the generic limits between these two genera were not clear in the past.
For example, the Russet-mantled Softtail, despite its English name, is a true Cranioleuca spinetail, and the speckled spinetail turned out to be part of Thripophaga.
Previous speculations suggesting a close relationship between Thripophaga and Phacellodomus were disproved.
Extant species
The genus contains five species:
Orinoco softtail (Thripophaga cherriei)
Delta Amacuro softtail (Thripophaga amacurensis)
Striated softtail (Thripophaga macroura)
Plain softtail (Thripophaga fusciceps)
Russet-mantled softtail (Thripophaga berlepschi)
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Stephen King is a former Gaelic footballer who played for the Cavan county team.
Playing career
He debuted for Cavan in 1980, but did not have much success in the early years, winning only a Railway Cup Medal with Ulster in 1984. In 1989, Cavan had a great run in the National Football League, claiming the Div. 2 title and reaching the semi final, only to lose narrowly to Dublin in Croke Park. In the same year he won a Dr. McKenna Cup medal when Cavan defeated Derry in the Final. He was a member of the Cavan squad that lost out in the Ulster Finals in 1983 and 1995, but in 1997, King captained Cavan to claim their only Ulster Senior Football Championship title in 28 years, beating Derry in Clones.
International rules
He played for Ireland in the 1987 International Rules series against Australia.
External links
1997 Ulster Final
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Cavan inter-county Gaelic footballers
Irish international rules football players
Killeshandra Gaelic footballers
The Colorado State Capitol Building, located at 200 East Colfax Avenue in Denver, Colorado, United States, is the home of the Colorado General Assembly and the offices of the Governor of Colorado and Lieutenant Governor of Colorado.
History
The building is intentionally reminiscent of the United States Capitol. Designed by Elijah E. Myers, it was constructed in the 1890s from Colorado white granite, and opened for use in November 1894. The distinctive gold dome consists of real gold leaf, first added in 1908, commemorating the Colorado Gold Rush. The building is part of Denver's Civic Center area. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Civic Center Historic District in 1974, and became part of the Denver Civic Center National Historic Landmark District in 2012.
A major safety upgrade project, funded by the Colorado State Historical Fund, was started in 2001 and completed in 2009. The design by Fentress Architects added modern safety features, like enclosed stair towers, that blend in with the original architecture. The Colorado Capitol Building is featured on many of Denver's Architectural tours.
Building
Serving as the beginning of the Capitol Hill district, the historic building sits slightly higher than the rest of downtown Denver. The main entrance hall is open 180 feet (55 m) to the top of the dome, about the height of an 18-story building. Additionally, the official elevation of Denver is measured outside the west entrance to the building, where the fifteenth step is engraved with the words "One Mile Above Sea Level". From this step, at , the sun can be seen setting behind the Rocky Mountains. A second mile high marker was set in the 18th step in 1969 when Colorado State University students resurveyed the elevation. In 2003, a more accurate measurement was made with modern means, and the 13th step was identified as being one mile (1.6 km) high, where a 3rd marker was installed.
Materials
The superstructure of the building was constructed using granite from the Aberdeen Quarry near Gunnison, Colorado. Approximately or 24,000 tons of the granite were quarried for the building. This gray granite forms the exterior of the building. The interior of the building uses a large amount of Colorado Rose Onyx, a rare rose marble from a quarry near Beulah, Colorado. The amount used in the building consumed the entire known supply. White Yule Marble from the quarries near Marble, Colorado was also used throughout the capitol for the floors. Many designs have been found in the marble including an image resembling George Washington and another of Molly Brown.
Many of the windows are stained glass, depicting people or events related to the history of Colorado. The halls are decorated with portraits of every president of the United States, with all the presidents from George Washington to George W. Bush being painted by Lawrence Williams. Painter Sarah A. Boardman took over from Williams, and has since painted Barack Obama, Donald Trump, and Joe Biden as well. One of the contractors for the construction of the Colorado State Capitol building was Illinois building contractor William Douglas Richardson, who was the president of the W. D. Richardson Construction Company. Richardson had participated in numerous major building contracts throughout the United States, and was interconnected with the Jacob Bunn and John Whitfield Bunn network of corporations.
Gallery
See also
State of Colorado
Yule marble
Wikimedia Commons: Colorado State Capitol
Governor Jared Polis
List of state and territorial capitols in the United States
References
External links
Colorado General Assembly: Capitol Tours
Colorado State website
Biography of Elijah E. Myers, Colorado State website
Government of Colorado
State capitols in the United States
Government buildings with domes
National Register of Historic Places in Denver
Tourist attractions in Denver
Museums in Denver
Government buildings in Colorado
Government buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Historic district contributing properties in Colorado
is a railway station in the Usuki area of the city of Kagoshima, Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan. The station is on the Ibusuki Makurazaki Line of the Kyushu Railway Company (JR Kyushu).
The station is at ground level, and has one side platform serving one track. The station is staffed by an employee of a wholly owned subsidiary of the railway.
Usuki is about 5 km from Kagoshima-Chūō Station in the center of Kagoshima.
Near Usuki Station are several facilities. Among them are
Wakida Station, a stop on the Taniyama Line of the Kagoshima City Transportation Bureau
The Sakuragaoka Danchi apartment complex
A shopping arcade, a mall and various other retail outlets, including Yamada Denki and Deodeo stores
The local JA branch
Kagoshima University Medical And Dental Hospital
The station appears in the manga Go!! Southern Ice Hockey Club by Kōji Kumeta.
Adjacent stations
See also
Usuki Station (Oita)
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Station Information (JR Kyūshū)
Usuki Station timetable JR Kyushu
Railway stations in Kagoshima Prefecture
Stations of Kyushu Railway Company
The double-banded greytail (Xenerpestes minlosi) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
double-banded greytail
Birds of Colombia
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
double-banded greytail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ceroprepes nigrolineatella is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceroprepes. It was described by Shibuya in 1927, and is known from Japan and Taiwan.
The wingspan is about 29 mm. The forewings are light grey, but fuscous at the basal area, tinged with castaneous on the dorsal half. The costal half is thickly mixed with white except at the base. The hindwings are brownish white, but paler towards the basal and inner areas.
References
Moths described in 1927
Phycitinae
Moths of Japan
The 12 cm Lang brons was a 19th-century Dutch siege gun. It was a locally produced steel bronze version of the 12 cm Lang staal.
Context
The Dutch army adopts breechloading
After the Franco-Prussian War (1870–1871) the Netherlands started to modernize its army. The most urgent measures were the procurement of heavy coastal artillery, a process which had already started after the 1862 Battle of Hampton Roads. Next came the procurement of breechloading rifles for the infantry, and the modernization of the siege artillery and the field artillery. This led to the procurement of the breechloading bronze 12 cm K.A. and 8 cm A. brons. These guns were produced domestically, starting in 1874.
Meanwhile, it had become clear that steel rifled breechloaders were superior to bronze rifled breechloaders. In 1876 20 15 cm zwaar staal guns and 60 12 cm Lang staal guns were therefore bought at Krupp. The 12 cm Lang staal gun would cost 7,980 mark or 13,200 guilders a piece, including the carriage and everything else. 833 guns of 12 cm Lang were thought to be needed. On 1 January 1880 there were 126 12 cm Lang staal available in the Netherlands. 32 still had to be delivered.
Steel bronze
In the mid-1870s Franz von Uchatius copied an autofrettage (avant la lettre) process from a 1869 American patent without a license and marketed it as steel bronze (). The process used a bronze alloy that contained only 8% tin instead of the usual for the Netherlands 11.5%. A steel bronze gun was cast using a technique called gravity die casting, using a metal form. This increased the density of especially the outer layers of the metal when cast, because these cooled off rapidly. The most important part of the technology was increasing the density of the inner layers even further. This was done by repeatedly driving objects of slightly increasing diameter through the tube. Produced in this way, a steel bronze gun could withstand the effects of the increased explosive force of the latest artillery almost as well as cast steel did, although it was clear already then that the latter are superior.
For many countries the invention of steel bronze was important, because they were not able to produce cast steel guns. In the Netherlands, the (national gun foundry) could be adapted to cast steel bronze guns. Casting steel guns was not feasible for the Dutch at the time. The first Dutch attempt at a steel bronze gun centered on producing a steel bronze field gun to replace the 8.4 cm Feldgeschütz Ord 1871. Three steel bronze 8.5 cm guns were constructed in the second half of 1879. The trial of these guns was positive with regard to using steel bronze, but nevertheless showed some problems. It all led the Ministry of Defense to buy the 8 cm staal at Krupp in Germany.
History
Available capacity at Rijks Geschutgieterij
The decision to buy the new 8.4 cm field gun in Germany, instead of producing a local steel bronze version, freed up production capacity at the . It meant that the Ministry of War could order a steel bronze version of the 12 cm Lang at , instead of ordering more of these expensive guns in Germany. In this respect the decision to buy the new 8,4 cm field gun in Germany actually saved expenses!
The cost difference between the steel and steel bronze versions of the 12 cm Lang was 3,200 guilders per gun. At the time 193 12 cm Lang were still thought to be required immediately. The switch to producing the 12 cm Lang brons implied that the minister put an end to the procurement of more 12 cm Lang staal from Krupp. This is indeed what happened.
Production of the 12 cm Lang brons
60 12 cm Lang brons were planned to be cast by the (national gun foundry) in the Hague in 1880. On 1 January 1883 the total number of available both steel and steel bronze 12 cm Lang guns was 248. Implying that 90 had already been made. 12 more 12 cm Lang brons would still be delivered on 1 January 1883. At least 105 more 12 cm Lang were still thought to be required.
Replacement
Both the 12 cm Lang brons and the steel version quickly became obsolete after 1897. In that year the Canon de 75 modèle 1897, the first gun with a recoil mechanism was introduced. In 1927 the Dutch reassigned the 15 cm zwaar staal and the 12 cm staal to the field artillery, where they would serve in World War II. What happened to the 12 cm Lang brons is not that clear.
Characteristics
The barrel
The characteristics of the 12 cm Lang brons were the same as those of the 12 cm Lang staal. The barrel was exactly the same on the inside, which allowed the guns to be used in the same way. Of course the metal of the barrel differed, and therefore its weight differed. The bronze version weighed 1,500 kg as opposed to the 1,420 kg of the steel version. While the steel version had a round breech, the bronze version had a flat breech . There was a small difference in the allowed maximum explosive pressure inside the barrel. For the steel version, this was 2,000 atm. For the 12 cm Lang brons it was 1,800 atm. Therefore the maximum range for the steel gun was 7,100 m, while for the steel bronze guns this was 6,500 m.
The exterior form of the bronze barrel was also different, which was a consequence of the bronze version being cast, while the steel version was built up. On the outside the 12 cm Lang brons gun barrel can be distinguished from the 12 cm Lang staal by the steel version having a large ring over the breech. It makes that towards the breech, the diameter of the steel version decreases again. Furthermore, on the muzzle side of the trunnions, the steel version becomes smaller in abrupt steps, a consequence of the built-up construction. At the same place the bronze version has a regular decrease in diameter.
Transport
The 12 cm Lang brons was just as immobile as the steel version of the gun. Unlike the steel version, it was not repurposed to become a field gun.
Operations
The steel 12 cm Lang becomes part of the field artillery
In December 1927 the siege artillery regiment ceased to exist as a unit. It was replaced by two regiments of dismounted artillery, one in Gorinchem, and one in Naarden. These contained the steel 15 cm and 12 cm Lang guns, which would be made more mobile, so they could serve as field artillery.
It is not clear what happened to the 12 cm Lang brons guns. It's clear that they did not become part of the army artillery, but it's not clear whether any further use was made of these guns.
Notes
Sources
External links
Encyclopedie van de Waterlinie has lots of pictures of Dutch artillery, including the 12 cm Lang brons
Artillery of the Netherlands
Decision at Sundown is a 1957 American Western film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Randolph Scott. It is one of seven Boetticher/Scott western collaborations, including Seven Men from Now, The Tall T, Buchanan Rides Alone, Westbound, Ride Lonesome, and Comanche Station.
Boetticher said this film and Westbound were the only mediocre films he made as part of the Ranown cycle.
Plot
Bart Allison and his true and faithful friend Sam rides into the town of Sundown. Blinded by hate, Bart has only one thing in mind: to seek revenge from Tate Kimbrough whom he believes had once immorally seduced and then abandoned his wife Mary, which finally led to her committing suicide. At least this is the story Allison believes. More probably his wife at that time had fallen out of love with him and intended to leave him, being genuinely attracted to the womanizing Tate, who later spurned her and renounced their relationship. Tate has taken political and economic control of the little town of Sundown. The citizens don't appreciate him but yield to his influence probably out of fear and material interest.
The very day that Bart shows up in the town, Tate is preparing to get married to Lucy Summerton, the "finest and prettiest young lady" in Sundown, according to the barber in whose shop Bart finds an opportunity to get a shave. He intends to stop the ceremony from taking place by objecting to the wedding after the priest's traditional question. Tate has no real romantic interest in Lucy; the marriage is probably part of a scheme that will fortify his influence in the town. To the disapproval of Lucy's father, Tate spends time with Ruby James with whom he is probably sentimentally involved but also a little rough-mannered. She is supposed to leave town after the ceremony but she insists on attending the wedding in the church despite Tate's disapproval. She even has the nerve to sit on the front pew with the town's doctor, John Storrow, secretly also in love with Lucy and having a great moral and humane influence in the town, helping everybody out as well as making various hints at a possible opposition to Kimbrough's greedy control of the local community. Bart does not hesitate to show his animosity concerning the local boss and even goes as far as creating tension between him and the sheriff Swede Hansen, refusing to have his drinks paid in honor of Tate Kimbrough's wedding. After succeeding in spoiling the whole ceremony and in staying unscratched in a shootout, Bart & Sam find refuge in the local livery stable. The bride refuses to go on with the ceremony until the situation is cleared.
The doctor and Morley Chase, a local opposing ranch owner, show a certain understanding of Bart's predicament. Doctor Storrow is coming to the livery stable to take care of Spanish, one of Kimbrough's wounded hired guns. He tells about his strong resentment concerning Tate's bad influence in the town since he came to take it over. Anxious and in a hurry to get rid of this unexpected opponent, Tate decides to pretend to propose Bart a deal: he wants to make him believe that if he leaves the livery stable, he will let him ride away out of town unharmed. Mr. Summerton, the bride's father, is trying to talk Bart into accepting the deal. He even suggests adding an interesting amount of money to convince the man. The deceptive proposal is rejected and Tate's bride persists in refusing to resume the wedding ceremony. She thinks everything over and ends up reconsidering her relationship with Tate whose affairs with Ruby and also previously Mary make her feel uncomfortable. Lucy goes to the livery stable and makes Bart realize that maybe his deceased wife was not so faithful and trustworthy as he might have imagined, trying thus to reduce Bart's obsession with killing Tate. Bart violently throws her out but starts thinking. Sam tries to confirm Lucy's point of view but gets his head knocked off by an infuriated Bart. Sam is allowed to have lunch at the local restaurant since the possibility to leave unharmed is also valid for him. Unfortunately Spanish shoots him in the back when he announces he wants to ride out of town. This outrageous killing contributes to the people's change of heart concerning Tate and the opposition to the local boss is growing. Storrow addresses the people's consciences at the saloon and stirs up further the emotions. Morley Chase and his men take sides with Storrow and Bart and therefore disarm some of Kimbrough's men. The local boss loses his effective power.
Nevertheless, they give the sheriff back his gun so that the situation amounts to a showdown between Sheriff Hanson and Bart Allison. The latter is faster on the draw and shoots Kimbrough's sheriff down. Yet unluckily, he injures himself on the palm of his hand. While bandaging Bart's hand, Storrow tries to talk him out of a showdown with Tate Kimbrough who thinks he can win back his power if he shoots the disturber. On her side, Ruby is trying to make Tate renounce and leave town but the man doesn't let her convince him. He shows certain anxiety but his courage makes him go down and face Bart.
Tate gets out into the street to meet Bart but to everyone's surprise, Ruby shoots him in the arm with a Winchester to wound him and save his life, forcing him to abandon the confrontation. Bart wants him to take his gun and resume the fight but Ruby tries to explain to him his hate is not worth it since he "never had a wife". Storrow confirms her point saying he has learned it from Sam. Ruby and the injured Tate withdraw and Bart lets it happen, finally accepting the bitter truth after three years. Ruby and a beaten but living Kimbrough leave the town in a buggy. Bart drowns his blues in drinks and rejects the townpeople's friendly attitude, once more refusing to have his drinks paid. He would have preferred Chase to manifest himself before Sam's death, which would have changed a lot of things. A depressed and drunk Bart Allison rides out of the town he unwillingly freed mourning his lost friend Sam.
Cast
Randolph Scott as Bart Allison
John Carroll as Tate Kimbrough
Karen Steele as Lucy Summerton
Valerie French as Ruby James
Noah Beery Jr. as Sam
John Archer as Dr. John Storrow
Andrew Duggan as Sheriff Swede Hansen
James Westerfield as Otis, the bartender
John Litel as Charles Summerton
Ray Teal as Morley Chase
Vaughn Taylor as Mr. Baldwin, the barber
Richard Deacon as Reverend Zaron
H. M. Wynant as Deputy Spanish
Home media
In 2008, a DVD box set of five Budd Boetticher films starring Randolph Scott was released. Along with Decision at Sundown the set includes Buchanan Rides Alone, Comanche Station, Ride Lonesome, and The Tall T.
See also
List of American films of 1957
References
External links
1957 films
1957 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
American films about revenge
Films directed by Budd Boetticher
Films scored by Heinz Roemheld
Columbia Pictures films
Revisionist Western (genre) films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
European Polymer Journal is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal, established in 1965 and published by Elsevier. The journal is publishing both original research and review papers on topic of the physics and chemistry of polymers. In 2006, it launched the polymer nanotechnology section.
Prof. Richard Hoogenboom, from Ghent University, is the editor-in-chief of the journal.
References
Chemistry journals
Materials science journals
Elsevier academic journals
Billiards and snooker at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games was held in OCBC Arena Hall 4, in Kallang, Singapore from 6 to 10 June 2015. Ten competitions was held in men's snooker singles, snooker doubles, English billiards singles, English billiards singles (500 points), English billiards doubles, English billiards team, 9-ball pool doubles and in men's 1 cushion carom and in men, women's 9-ball pool singles.
Participating nations
A total of 82 athletes from nine nations competed in billiards and snooker at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games:
Medalists
Snooker
English billiards
9-ball pool
1 cushion carom
Results
Men
Snooker singles
Snooker doubles
English billiards singles
English billiards singles (500)
English billiards doubles
English billiard team
9-ball pool men's singles
9-ball pool women's singles
9-ball pool men's doubles
1 cushion carom
Medal table
References
External links
Cue sports at the Southeast Asian Games
2015 Southeast Asian Games events
2015 in cue sports
2015 in snooker
Cue sports in Singapore
Kallang
Spiral waves are travelling waves that rotate outward from a center in a spiral. They are a feature of many excitable media. Spiral waves have been observed in various biological systems including systems such as heart ventricular fibrillation, retinal spreading depression, Xenopus oocyte calcium waves, and glial calcium waves in cortical tissue culture.
References
Nonlinear systems
Pattern formation
Articles containing video clips
The 1970 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 20th season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944. Al-Faisaly won its 11th title. When the West Bank, fell during the 1967 Six-Day War, West Bank teams no longer participated in the Jordanian league, the Football Association established a classification league in 1969, qualifying from this league 6 teams to form the 1970 First Division (currently Jordanian Pro League).
Teams
Map
League table
The league was played in one round.
Overview
Al-Faysali won the championship.
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
The Colorado State Rams football team represents Colorado State University in the Mountain West Conference at the NCAA Division I FBS level in college football. Colorado State has played in over 1,000 games in over a century of play, including 17 bowl games. The following are the yearly results, game-by-game yearly results, and detailed bowl results of the team. The Rams had interruptions occur from 1895–1898 and 1943–1944.
Yearly results
References
Colorado State Rams
Colorado State Rams football seasons
The Commons Select Committee on Standards is appointed by the House of Commons to oversee the work of the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards.
History
The committee was created on 13 December 2012 as one half of the replacements for the Committee on Standards and Privileges. Following the expenses scandal, it was considered desirable for lay members to provide oversight of standards of conduct of MPs, but it was not considered proper for individuals who were not members of parliament to make decisions on parliamentary privilege. The Standards and Privileges Committee was therefore split in two, with MPs (including the chair) by convention being elected to serve on both committees simultaneously, but with an additional cohort of lay members sitting on the Standards Committee.
In the wake of the Owen Paterson affair in November 2021, the Conservative government proposed removing the lay members entirely, which would leave the Conservatives with a majority of control on a newly re-constituted committee. MPs backed these reforms in a Common vote, as well as overturning the 30-day suspension of Paterson that had been recommended by the committee. However, these reforms were abandoned the following day amid widespread criticism, including from Conservative MPs. Paterson subsequently resigned as an MP.
Membership
The committee and its composition are regulated by House of Commons standing orders 149 and 149A, which specify that it shall consist of seven MPs and seven lay members. Lay members are permitted to serve a single six-year term and cannot ever have been members of either house of Parliament. Unlike membership of other select committees, lay membership of the Standards Committee is not terminated by a parliamentary dissolution. The role of chair of the committee is reserved for a member of the official opposition. The government Attorney General and Solicitor General has a right of attendance, but are not members.
, the members on the committee are as follows:
External links
The Committee's website
References
Select Committees of the British House of Commons
Packera eurycephala is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name widehead groundsel. It is native to a section of the western United States encompassing southern Oregon, northern California, and northern Nevada. It can be found in dry habitat types, often in disturbed areas, and it favors serpentine soils.
It is a perennial herb reaching a maximum height of 50 to 70 centimeters, its cluster of erect stems growing from a taproot and woody caudex unit. The leaves are up to 10 centimeters long and are made up of many narrow, lacy lobes. The plant is slightly to densely woolly in texture.
The inflorescence contains several flower heads, each lined with green- or yellow-tipped phyllaries. The head contains many golden yellow disc florets and generally either 8 or 13 yellow ray florets each just over a centimeter long.
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Photo gallery
eurycephala
Flora of California
Flora of Nevada
Flora of Oregon
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Taxa named by Asa Gray
Taxa named by John Torrey
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Liod is a studio album by the electronic band Helium Vola. It was released in 2004 through Chrom Records.
Track listing
"Liod-1" – 1:52
"Lucente Stella" – 2:56
"Liod-2" – 1:16
"Veni Veni – 6:10
"Bitte Um Trost" – 4:10
"Printemps" – 5:33
"Ich Was Ein Chint So Wolgetan" – 3:55
"Chumemin" – 5:11
"Mahnung" – 2:27
"Vagantenbeichte" – 5:04
"Frauenklage" – 4:29
"Ondas Do Mar" – 2:18
"Liod-3" – 1:02
"Zur Heilung" – 3:14
"Liod-4" – 1:20
"Engel" – 2:54
"Dormi" – 5:06
"La Fille" – 2:15
"Gegen Einen Dämon" – 2:20
"In Lichter Farbe Steht Der Wald" – 7:41
Credits
Cello - Jost Hecker
Harp, Hurdy-gurdy - Riccardo Delfino
Keyboards, Producer - Ernst Horn
Music By - Ernst Horn (tracks: 1, 3 to 20)
Photography, Artwork By - Tim Becker
Vocals - Sabine Lutzenberger
Vocals [Additional] - Tobias Schlierff
References
2004 albums
Helium Vola albums
Carroll Place, also known as Old Carroll Place, is a historic plantation house located near St. George, Dorchester County, South Carolina.
Research completed circa 2012 at the South Carolina Archives in Columbia S.C. shows the house was built circa 1780, and is a plain two-story, Georgian I-house dwelling. It is sheathed in clapboard single house and rests upon low brick pillars. It has a hip roofed verandah supported by six wooden posts. Its builder was likely Thomas Ferguson or David Campbell.
In 2008 the house was donated to the Dorchester County Historical Society by current owners Fitzhugh Lee Sweatman Jr and his wife, Martha Westbury-Sweatman. The Dorchester County Historical Society undertook an extensive restoration of the colonial era plantation house and when completed, re-designated the house as the Koger-Murray-Carroll House for three of its previous owners who served in the South Carolina General Assembly: Joseph Koger (married the daughter of David Campbell and inherited the house on her death), Soule Murray (purchased the house and land from Joseph Koger), and James Parsons Carroll (purchased the property circa 1850). James Parsons Carroll also served in the South Carolina Court of Equity as a Chancellor and was a signer of the South Carolina Ordinance of Secession. In 1974, the house was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the "Old Carroll Place" for which it had become known. The last owner/occupants of the house were the late Fitzhugh Lee Sweatman Sr and his wife Eulalie Knight-Sweatman. Circa 1970 Mr and Mrs. Sweatman Sr built a smaller one-story house off to the side of the plantation house. Mr. Sweatman Sr died on the property in 1975.
References
Plantation houses in South Carolina
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Georgian architecture in South Carolina
Houses in Dorchester County, South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Dorchester County, South Carolina
Mary Whitwell Hale (pen name, Y. L. E.; January 29, 1810 – November 17, 1862) was an American teacher, school founder, and hymnwriter eminent during the first half of the 19th century. She was a contributor to The Christian Register. Her pen name was made up of the concluding letters of her name. Hale died in 1862.
Early years and education
Mary Whitwell Hale was born at Boston, Massachusetts, January 29, 1810. Her father was Eliphalet Hale (1775–1852) of Boston, a merchant of that city. Her mother was Abigail (1775–1829), daughter of Colonel Jonathan Waters, himself an old Bostonian. There was one sibling, a sister, Elizabeth Judith Hale (1821–1912). At the time of her birth, the parents resided in Hollis Street, and were parishioners of Dr. John Thornton Kirkland at New South Church; he baptized her, and she afterwards commemorated him in verse.
She attended the public schools, and was apt, quick, and faithful in her studies. In 1822, the family removed to Jamaica Plain, and in 1824, returned to Boston, where, at the Franklin Grammar School, she graduated in 1825. For the next three years she was connected, as a pupil, with a Young Ladies' Academy, in Phillips Place, maintaining a very high rank during the entire course, and winning at the close a first prize for English composition, and most flattering encomiums from her instructor, Ebenezer Bailey.
Career
After completing her education, she devoted herself to educational work in Boston and Taunton. While yet a young lady, she contributed to the Boston Evening Gazette a variety of prose sketches, which were oftentimes widely copied and heartily commended.
Hale was a member of the Christian Church under the guidance of her pastor at Taunton, Rev. Andrew Bigelow, D.D., who was her ardent friend. She was a teacher in his Sunday school, a constant and efficient helper in all the varied interests of his society, as well as a frequent and welcome visitor in his family.
She then went to visit her friends in Keene, New Hampshire. Here, she attended Rev. William Orne White's church, and she consented to fill a vacancy as a teacher in one of the town schools. Though she was a good teacher, she continued in the position for only one year due to the sickness and death of her mother. Soon after this, she assisted Mr. E. Bailey for a year in his work at the Phillips Place Academy, before sickness brought her close to death. At this time, she wrote a very solemn vow of consecration to the will and service of God, and was faithful to it through all her subsequent life.
On her recovery, she returned to her labors at Phillips Place, then taught at Wellfleet on Cape Cod, and after spending a short time at Newton, went to Taunton, where she assumed, in December 1833, the duties of preceptress in the Bristol Academy. Here, she had great success in her profession, and gained a host of friends among all circles and sects. Owing to certain unjust treatment which she received from the principal of the institution, she surrendered her position and opened a private school in the same town.
Her hymn-writing was brought into notice by two hymns, one on "Home", and the second on "Music", which were written for a juvenile concert at the Taunton Unitarian Chapel, April 1834. Several of the hymns and poetical pieces which she subsequently wrote were contributed to The Christian Register under the initials "Y. L. E.", the concluding letters of her name.
In 1840, a volume of her Poems was published in Boston by William Ticknor. These productions are nearly all of a religious character, being penetrated and sanctified by that deep spirit of faith, trust, and love which so greatly distinguished her. They all together evidence a mind of uncommon natural endowments and of fine and thorough culture, as well as a heart consecrated to the highest ends of life and enriched by the best fruits of the Christian experience. The few of her sacred songs which have passed into hymn-books were first introduced into the Cheshire Collection, 1844. Numbers 2 and 3 were taken from her Poems.
"Praise for the glorious light." (Temperance Anniversary.)
"This day let grateful praise ascend." (Sunday.)
"Whatever dims the sense of truth." (A Mother's Counsel.)
"When in silence o'er the deep." (Christmas.)
Leaving Taunton in 1842, she once more went to Keene, where she established and for many years taught another school, which under her care enjoyed a high and enviable reputation. Here, her father died, September 26, 1852.
When the Civil War broke out in 1861, she served as secretary of the Cheshire County Soldier's Aid Society, and wrote inspiring hymns and odes. She died in Keene, November 17, 1862, and was buried at Mount Auburn Cemetery.
Selected works
As Mary W. Hale
Poems, 1840
References
Attribution
External links
1810 births
1862 deaths
19th-century American poets
19th-century American women writers
Writers from Boston
American women poets
Poets from Massachusetts
American hymnwriters
Pseudonymous women writers
Founders of schools in the United States
19th-century philanthropists
19th-century pseudonymous writers
Ali al-Faraj is a Saudi businessman, and formerly the majority stakeholder in Portsmouth Football Club.
Portsmouth FC
Ali al-Faraj was allegedly introduced to Portsmouth via their then CEO Peter Storrie, through Israeli agent Pini Zahavi when the club was on the brink of financial meltdown. Faraj developed a consortium with other investors and Storrie and bid for the club. Former owner Alexandre Gaydamak dismissed the Saudi's bid and instead sold to Dubai businessman Sulaiman Al-Fahim. Just over 40 days later, al-Faraj purchased a 90% stake in Portsmouth on 5 October 2009 through Falcondrone Ltd from Al-Fahim, who had underestimated the capital required to sustain the business, and faced difficulty attracting inward investment while former owner Alexandre Gaydamak faced accusations of having transferred club assets to family companies at reduced fees, adding to the financial difficulties faced.
At the start of February 2010, it became public that al-Faraj had financed the purchase of the club by means of a £17 million bridging loan from Balram Chainrai's company Portpin Ltd. Within weeks, al-Faraj 'defaulted' on his payments, causing Chainrai to assume possession Falcondrone, and thus the football club.
Weeks later, Chainrai placed Portsmouth into administration.
In October 2010, after High Court battles to agree a CVA and a late-minute public display of brinkmanship between the club's administrator and former owners, Balram Chainrai purchased the football club from its receivers to bring the club out of administration.
Conspiracy
It has been asserted by some Portsmouth fans that Al-Faraj does not exist and is actually a pseudonym for Balram Chainrai. Whilst Chainrai has been vocal in his denial of the assertion, he has not been as forthcoming about his previous dealings with Gaydamak. Chainrai successfully sued Gaydamak for damages around the time Al Faraj purchased Portsmouth Football Club. It is currently unclear whether the damages awarded to Chainrai had been paid. Fans therefore speculate that Chainrai's arrival at Portsmouth was intended to seize the club and liquidate its assets by way of remuneration for the court order, with the Gaydamak family consequently extracting as much value from the club as was possible before the club's account was frozen.
Profile
With a holding in petrochemical giant SABIC, Faraj also has business interests in Saudi Uniform Manufacture, AKETIPS'S and Easyway Limited, which owns property in both Saudi Arabia and the UK
Personal
Ali is reported to have seven brothers and two sisters, including Ahmed al-Faraj, who also claims a stake in SABIC. 'He' is also married and has two daughters and one son.
References
1969 births
Living people
Al-Faraj, Ali
Al-Faraj, Ali
The 2001–02 ISU World Standings, are the World Standings published by the International Skating Union (ISU) during the 2001–02 season.
The 2001–02 ISU World Standings for single & pair skating and ice dance, are taking into account results of the 1998–99, 1999–2000, 2000–01 and 2001–02 seasons.
World Standings for single & pair skating and ice dance
Season-end standings
The remainder of this section is a list, by discipline, published by the ISU.
Men's singles (18 skaters)
Ladies' singles (12 skaters)
Pairs (18 couples)
Ice dance (6 couples)
See also
ISU World Standings and Season's World Ranking
List of the highest ranked figure skaters by nation
List of ISU World Standings and Season's World Ranking statistics
2001–02 figure skating season
References
External links
International Skating Union
2001–02
Standings and Ranking
Standings and Ranking
Willow Patterson, known by the stage name Willow Pill (born 1995), is an American drag performer. She is best known as the winner of season 14 of RuPaul's Drag Race in 2022.
Early life
Patterson was raised in Denver, Colorado and attended Colorado State University.
Career
In an interview with KGNU in 2016, Willow Pill explained her drag persona was "a mix of 41 and 14... I'm kind of obsessed with little stoner girls as well as older women, like moms, that can't catch a break." Her first performance was at a Colorado State University drag show, where she wore "a pink '90s housewife tracksuit, complete with glasses and a pearl necklace." She performed a comedy routine and danced to a mix of Missy Elliott and Gwen Stefani songs.
In 2022, Willow Pill gained wider prominence as a contestant on season 14 of RuPaul's Drag Race, where she won the main challenge on the third episode, earning a cash prize of $5,000. On episode seven, her Snatch Game performance placed her in the bottom seven, and had to participate in a lip sync tournament on episode eight. She won the first round against Bosco. She placed in the bottom a second time during episode 14, and was required to “lip sync for her life” against Angeria Paris VanMicheals. Following their performance of "Telephone" by Lady Gaga ft. Beyoncé, neither was eliminated, resulting in five contestants advancing to the finale, a first for the series.
On the April 22, 2022, season finale, Willow Pill performed "I Hate People" and defeated Lady Camden in a lip sync battle to Cher's cover version of ABBA's "Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight)" and was declared the season's winner, earning a cash prize of $150,000, the highest amount awarded to date in a regular season so far. Willow Pill is also the first openly transgender person to win a regular season of RuPaul's Drag Race in the United States, and the fourth openly transgender contestant to win a season of the Drag Race franchise at the time of their crowning.
Personal life
Patterson has had cystinosis her whole life and identifies as trans femme, as one of the five transgender contestants of Season 14. She came out via social media: “It's taken me a long time to come to terms with my transness because so much space has been taken up by my illness," Patterson wrote in one of her posts. She uses she/they pronouns.
Filmography
Television
Web series
Music videos
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
Living people
Colorado State University alumni
LGBT people from Colorado
People from Denver
RuPaul's Drag Race winners
Transgender drag performers
1995 births
Altoona–Blair County Airport is in Martinsburg, Pennsylvania, 14 miles south of Altoona, in Blair County, Pennsylvania. It is owned by the Blair County Airport Authority. The airport has a few airline flights, subsidized by the Essential Air Service program.
Federal Aviation Administration records say the airport had 11,051 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, 6,439 in 2009 and 4,378 in 2010. The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 categorized it as a primary commercial service airport based on enplanements in 2008 (more than 10,000 per year), but it is a non-primary commercial service airport based on enplanements in 2009 and 2010.
Facilities
The airport covers 320 acres (129 ha) at an elevation of 1,503 feet (458 m). It has two asphalt runways: 3/21 is 5,465 by 100 feet (1,666 x 30 m) and 12/30 is 3,668 by 75 feet (1,118 x 23 m).
In the year ending October 25, 2011, the airport had 23,750 aircraft operations, average 65 per day: 78% general aviation, 22% air taxi, and <1% military. 58 aircraft were then based at the airport: 79% single-engine, 10% multi-engine, 5% jet, 2% helicopter, and 3% ultralight.
The airport has 46 T-hangars that it rents to aircraft owners; construction of more is under way. FBO Penn-Air, Inc provided fuel and repair services; it has closed its operation at Altoona–Blair County Airport, and for now fuel services are being performed by the Altoona–Blair County Airport Authority.
The airport has a La Fiesta Restaurant, accessible from the flight line or from the terminal building. The airport also offers car rental through Hertz.
Airlines and destinations
Scheduled passenger service:
US Airways ended non-stop flights to Pittsburgh on July 7, 2007.
United Airlines/Silver Airways ended non-stop flights to Washington–Dulles on September 30, 2014.
The first airline flights were All American Airways DC-3s in 1949; Allegheny Commuter replaced Allegheny's Convair 580s in 1971.
Statistics
References
Other sources
Essential Air Service documents (Docket OST-2002-11446) from the U.S. Department of Transportation:
Order 2002-9-23 (October 1, 2002): selecting Colgan Air, Inc., to provide subsidized Essential Air Service (EAS) at Altoona and Johnstown, Pennsylvania, for a two-year period at a combined annual subsidy rate of $847,576.
Order 2005-4-9 (April 8, 2005): reselects Colgan Air, Inc., d/b/a U.S. Airways Express, to continue providing essential air service (EAS) at Altoona and Johnstown, Pennsylvania, for a two-year period, and establishes a combined subsidy rate of $1,358,551 per year for service consisting of 18 nonstop round trips each week between Altoona and Washington (Dulles), and 18 nonstop round trips each week between Johnstown and Pittsburgh, with 19-seat Beech 1900D aircraft.
Order 2007-2-17 (February 16, 2007): selecting Colgan Air Inc., d/b/a US Airways Express, to continue providing essential air service (EAS) at Altoona consisting of 18 weekly nonstop round trips to Washington Dulles, and at Johnstown consisting of 18 weekly nonstop round trips to Pittsburgh. The combined annual subsidy is $2,364,462 based on service with 19-seat Beech 1900D turboprop aircraft for the two-year period beginning June 1, 2007, and all service would be operated as US Airways Express.
Order 2008-6-10 (June 10, 2008): re-selecting Colgan Air, Inc. d/b/a United Express, to provide subsidized essential air service (EAS) at Altoona and Johnstown, Pennsylvania, at a total annual subsidy rate of $2,788,845, for the period from June 15, 2008, through June 30, 2010.
Order 2010-5-10 (May 10, 2010): selecting Colgan Air Inc., operating as United Express, to provide essential air service (EAS) at Altoona and Johnstown, Pennsylvania, for a combined annual subsidy of $3,348,294, for the two-year period from July 1, 2010 to June 30, 2012.
Ninety-Day Notice (March 8, 2012): from Colgan Airlines, Inc. of termination of Essential Air Service at Altoona, Pennsylvania, and Johnstown, Pennsylvania
Order 2012-3-14 (March 23, 2012): prohibits Colgan Airlines, Inc. d/b/a United Airlines Express, from terminating service at Altoona and Johnstown, PA; Victoria, TX; Staunton, VA; and Beckley, Clarksburg/Fairmont, and Morgantown, WV, for 30 days beyond the end of the 90-day notice period, i.e. July 8, 2012. We are also requesting proposals by April 25, 2012, from air carriers interested in providing replacement Essential Air Service ("EAS") at Victoria, TX; and Staunton, VA, for a new term, with or without subsidy.
Order 2012-4-30 (April 26, 2012): selecting Silver Airways, formerly Gulfstream International Airways, to provide Essential Air Service (EAS) at Altoona and Johnstown, Pennsylvania, to Washington Dulles International Airport, for a combined annual subsidy of $3,997,187.1 Service to be provided will be 18 weekly nonstop and one-stop round trips over an Altoona-Johnstown-Washington Dulles or Johnstown-Altoona-Washington Dulles routing using 34-seat Saab 340 aircraft for the two-year period beginning when the carrier begins full EAS at both communities.
External links
Altoona–Blair County Airport at Pennsylvania DOT Bureau of Aviation
Aerial image as of April 1994 from USGS The National Map
County airports in Pennsylvania
Essential Air Service
Transportation buildings and structures in Blair County, Pennsylvania
Altoona, Pennsylvania
Maxime Deschamps (born December 20, 1991) is a Canadian pair skater who currently competes with Deanna Stellato-Dudek. With Stellato-Dudek, he is the 2022 CS Nebelhorn Trophy champion and the 2022 Canadian national bronze medalist. He has competed at two Four Continents Championships (2016, 2018) and four Grand Prix events with his former skating partners, Vanessa Grenier and Sydney Kolodziej.
Career
Early years
Deschamps began learning to skate in 1997. He placed 6th in novice pairs with Alysson Dugas at the 2010 Canadian Championships, 10th in junior pairs with Catherine Baldé at the 2011 Canadian Championships, and 7th in junior pairs with Naomie Boudreau at the 2013 Canadian Championships.
Partnership with Grenier
In 2013, Deschamps teamed up with Vanessa Grenier. The two became the 2014 Canadian junior champions. Making their Grand Prix debut, they placed 6th at the 2014 Skate America. The pair finished 7th at the 2015 Skate Canada International and 8th at the 2016 Four Continents Championships. They were coached by Richard Gauthier and Bruno Marcotte in Montreal, Quebec. Grenier and Deschamps split up in May 2016.
Partnership with Kolodziej
In 2016, Deschamps teamed up with Sydney Kolodziej from the United States. The pair finished 6th at the 2017 Canadian Championships, having ranked 6th in the short program and 4th in the free skate.
Coached by Richard Gauthier, Bruno Marcotte, and Sylvie Fullum in Saint-Leonard, Quebec, Kolodziej/Deschamps made their international debut as a pair in September, at the 2017 CS U.S. Classic, where they placed 7th. Skate Canada also selected the pair to compete at a Grand Prix event, the 2017 Skate Canada International. They finished 8th at their Grand Prix assignment and then 7th at the 2018 Canadian Championships. They were named in Canada's team to the 2018 Four Continents Championships in Taipei and finished 9th after placing 8th in the short program and 9th in the free skate.
Partnership with Stellato
Deschamps announced a new partnership with American skater Deanna Stellato in 2019. After securing her release from the USFS, they debuted internationally at the 2021 CS Autumn Classic International, placing fourth. They won the bronze medal at the 2022 Canadian Championships. Stellato/Deschamps went on to finish fourth at the 2022 Four Continents Championships. They began the 2022–23 season with a gold medal at the 2022 CS Nebelhorn Trophy.
Programs
With Stellato-Dudek
With Kolodziej
With Grenier
Competitive highlights
GP: Grand Prix; CS: Challenger Series; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
Pairs with Stellato-Dudek
With Kolodziej
With Grenier
Early partnerships
References
External links
1991 births
Canadian male pair skaters
Living people
People from Vaudreuil-Dorion
Sportspeople from Quebec
Arthuro Cisneros Salas (born 28 November 1978) is a former Mexican footballer who had stints in the V-League, Ascenso MX, and the Canadian Soccer League.
Playing career
Salas began his career in his native city with Guerreros Acapulco, where he played for five years, and served as the team's captain. In 2002, he went abroad to Canada to sign with the Montreal Dynamites of the Canadian Professional Soccer League. During his tenure with Montreal he helped the club finish second in the Eastern Conference, and reached the semi-finals in the playoffs. In 2003, Salas went overseas to Asia to sign with Tiền Giang F.C., and the following year he signed with Ho Chi Minh City F.C. In 2005, he signed with Atlante F.C. of the Ascenso MX. On 26 March 2006 he returned to Canada to sign with the Laval Dynamites for the 2006 CSL season. He helped Laval finish third in the National Division, and featured in the quarterfinal match against Toronto Croatia, which resulted in a 1-0 victory for Toronto.
References
1978 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Acapulco
Footballers from Guerrero
Mexican footballers
Atlante F.C. footballers
Laval Dynamites players
Canadian Professional Soccer League (1998–2005) players
Canadian Soccer League (2006–present) players
Mexican expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Vietnam
Mexican expatriate sportspeople in Vietnam
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Mexican expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Association footballers not categorized by position
Kelsey Smith (born 11 August 1994) is a New Zealand field hockey player who plays for the national team.
Smith was born on 11 August 1994 in Nelson. She attended Waimea College and now studies tourism management at Victoria University in Wellington. She played her first game for the national team in 2015 against Argentina. In July 2016, she was confirmed for New Zealand's Olympic team.
As well as appearing in the senior national team, Smith appeared for the Junior Black Sticks in 2015 during an Invitational Tournament in Breda.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
People educated at Waimea College
New Zealand female field hockey players
Field hockey players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Nelson, New Zealand
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
Olympic field hockey players of New Zealand
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for New Zealand
Field hockey players at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in field hockey
Female field hockey forwards
Field hockey players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
The Guards Memorial, also known as the Guards Division War Memorial, is an outdoor war memorial located on the west side of Horse Guards Road, opposite Horse Guards Parade in London, United Kingdom. It commemorates the war dead from the Guards Division and related units during the First World War, and of the Household Division in the Second World War and other conflicts since 1918.
Design
The cenotaph memorial was designed by H. Chalton Bradshaw. It includes a broad squat white Portland stone obelisk high standing on a white stone base with three steps. On a raised platform to the east side of the memorial, facing Horse Guards Parade, are five large bronze sculptures by Gilbert Ledward, one representing each of the Foot Guards Regiments, standing easy with their rifles above stone carvings showing the badge of each regiment, each slightly larger than life size, about in high. The statues are modelled on serving guardsmen: Sergeant R. Bradshaw MM of the Grenadier Guards, Lance Corporal J. S. Richardson of the Coldstream Guards, Guardsman J. McDonald of the Scots Guards, Guardsman Simon McCarthy of the Irish Guards (with legs modelled by another guardsman, Lance Sergeant W. J. Kidd) and Guardsman A. Comley of the Welsh Guards. The other three sides each bear a bronze panel, one to either side depicting military equipment and the one to the rear depicting artillery in action. The statues and panels were cast by the William Morris Art Bronze Foundry using bronze taken from German guns melted down after the First World War.
Above the five statues, the cenotaph also bears an inscription written by Rudyard Kipling, whose only son John was killed in action while serving the Irish Guards at the Battle of Loos in September 1915: "To the Glory of God // And in the memory of the // Officers Warrant Officers // Non Commissioned Officers & // Guardsmen of His Majesty's // Regiments of Foot Guards // who gave their lives for their // King and Country during the // Great War 1914–1918 and of the // Officers Warrant Officers // Non-Commissioned Officers and // Men of the Household Cavalry // Royal Regiment of Artillery // Corps of Royal Engineers // Royal Army Service Corps Royal // Medical Corps and other // Units who while serving the // Guards Division in France & // Belgium 1915–1918 fell with them in // the fight for the World's Freedom."
Above the main inscription is an incised cross between bands of horizontal incised lines, and lower down is a second inscription: "This monument // was erected by their friends and comrades". Further inscriptions on the sides of the cenotaph record the units involved, and the west side, below another cross, records their battle honours.
Construction
The monument was built by the Birmingham Guild at a cost of around £22,000, with the lettering cut by Ernest Gillick. It was unveiled by Field Marshal Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn at a ceremony on 16 October 1926, accompanied by the 100-year-old veteran of the Crimean War General Sir George Higginson, with a dedication by Rev. H. J. Fleming, who became senior chaplain of the Guards Division when it was formed in 1915, and a benediction by the Chaplain-General to the Forces, Rev. Alfred Jarvis, and a march-past by 15,000 serving and former guardsmen. The memorial suffered bomb damage in the Second World War, and some was left unrepaired as "honourable scars".
Later history
After World War II, an inscription was added below the statues to commemorate those who died between 1939 and 1945: "This memorial also commemorates all those members // of the Household Division who died in the Second World War // and in the Service of their Country since 1918."
The memorial received Grade II listing in 1970, and was promoted to Grade I in October 2014.
See also
1926 in art
Grade I listed buildings in the City of Westminster
Grade I listed war memorials in England
World War I memorials
References
1926 establishments in the United Kingdom
1926 sculptures
Bronze sculptures in the United Kingdom
Cenotaphs in the United Kingdom
Grade I listed buildings in the City of Westminster
Grade I listed monuments and memorials
Grade I listed statues in the City of Westminster
Military memorials in London
Outdoor sculptures in London
Sculptures of men in the United Kingdom
Whitehall
World War I memorials in England
World War II memorials in England
The Nicoriță Church () is a Romanian Orthodox church located at 1 Nicoriță Street in Iași, Romania. It is dedicated to Saint John the New of Suceava.
The church is located in the eastern part of the city, on Tătărași Hill. An earlier church existed on the site; it was built of wood by the pious daughter of a boyar in memory of the fact that in 1402, during the reign of Alexander the Good, Saint John's relics stopped in the area on the way into the city. The present church was built between 1626 and 1629, on the ruins of the old one. Its ktitor was hetman Nicoară, adviser and brother-in-law to Prince Miron Barnovschi-Movilă; the co-founder was his wife Todosia. Two legends surround the building of the church. One holds that Miron asked Nicoară to supervise construction of the Barnovschi Church. Finding out that the latter was sparing with materials, intending to use leftovers in order to build his own church, the prince ordered him sealed alive into the walls of his church. Another states that the prince was envious of Nicoară's church and thus refused his permission for it to be blessed.
At the time, the eastern part of Iași was covered in thick forests, and woodcutters lived on the edges; the church was built for their benefit. It was also used by monks, to whom Prince Miron granted estates and villages throughout Moldavia. The establishment was a dependency of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. Acquiring a certain fame, it was visited by Macarios III Zaim, the Patriarch of Antioch, during the 17th century. Following the 1863 Secularization of monastic estates in Romania, the monks left and it became a parish church. According to N. A. Bogdan, the church was used by two guilds: the makers of bows and arrows, and carpenters. The graveyard was shut down in 1876.
The structure is trefoil in shape, built of stone and brick. The spire resembles those of early Moldavian churches. In 1814, the archimandrite of the day restored the church, adding a closed foyer with a door and four windows, on top of which a bell tower was built. There are four bells, one of which was cast at Brașov in 1790. The exterior decoration is sparse, confined to niches and buttresses. The nave has an arched ceiling with an octagonal gap for the spire, while the altar space is a quarter-sphere. In 1926, part of the parish house was rebuilt and the interior painted; the church suffered damage during the 1940 Vrancea earthquake. During the subsequent repairs, the upper part of the walls was whitewashed; the painting was not of high quality, as can be discerned from what remains. By contrast, the 19th-century iconostasis is beautifully carved and features five rows of well-crafted icons. Other valuable objects in the church include two Gospel books, one decorated in silver, another in silvered velvet; the royal doors; the stand for the Virgin Mary's icon; icons of Ss. Barbara and Charalambos; old liturgical books finely typed. To the south of the church, there is a building that once served as the archimandrite's residence, dating to 1858; later a primary school, it is now a kindergarten. No old inscriptions survive, only one in Greek above the entrance recording the 1814 expansion.
The church underwent repairs in 1968, when the structure was consolidated and the interior painting remaining after the 1950 whitewashing was covered up. Further repairs took place in 1977-1978, and sporadically since 1996. It is listed as a historic monument by Romania's Ministry of Culture and Religious Affairs.
Notes
Historic monuments in Iași County
Romanian Orthodox churches in Iași
Churches completed in 1629
Kumararama or Bhimarama (Chalukya Kumararama Bhimeswara Temple) is one of the five Pancharama Kshetras that are sacred to the Hindu god Shiva. The temple is located in Samalkota of Kakinada district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The other four temples are Amararama at Amaravati(Dist. Guntur), Draksharama at Draksharama (Dist. East Godavari), Ksheerarama at Palakollu and Somarama at Bhimavaram(both in Dist. West Godavari). It is one of the centrally protected monuments of national importance.
Temple
The temple is 1 kilometer from Samarlakota City. The limestone Linga, installed in the shrine, is 16 feet tall that it rises from the pedestal on the ground floor and enters the second floor by piercing the roof, where the Rudrabhaga is worshipped. The temple has a mandapam that is supported by 100 pillars and is of great architectural importance. The temple has an Ekasila Nandi (A Bull carved from a single stone) guarding the Shiva Lingam at the entrance of the temple. The temple resembles the other Pancharama temple at Draksharama which is also called Bhimeswara Alayam. To the East side, there is a mantap called Koneti. Pushkarni (Koneru) lake can be seen here.
The temple is historically prominent, as it was built by Chalukyas who reigned over this location. The construction of the temple was started in AD 892 and was completed during 922. It is similar to the temple in Draksharamam, but is also unique, such as the linga being white. The temple still stands strong, and it was made a National Heritage Site. It resembles a twin of Draksharam, with two staired Mandapa, and notable that it is in excellent condition, without any cracks. Though the temple is not in a populated place, people do visit there.
The linga is a limestone, high. The temple was built in Dravidian style, by the King Chalukya Bhima. Hence, the god name is Bhimeswara (between 892-922CE). The Kakatiya rulers (in the period 1340-1466CE; Musunuri Nayaks) have added and renovated the temple pillars with very fine sharp finishes. The work of Chalukyas and Kakatiyas is very easily distinguished, by the well-decorated and polished pillars in the temple to the rest of the temple, both new and old. The construction of this temple is so solid that it has not changed much through all the years, when compared to the Draksharaam temple. Kala Bhairava is also of importance, and Balatripura sundari is the Goddess. Sasanas between 1147-1494 were scripted into pillars of the temple, which also have lists of gifts given, through the ages, for the temple. Recent excavations in the compound of the temple has yielded many figures dated back 1000 years are now present inside the temple.
In Puranas it has been written that it is a Yogakshetram, which means, the person who has the "yogam" ("fated to have" or "opportunity given by god" or "boon") to visit, will visit the temple.
Here the Goddess is also known as Bala Tripura Sundari.
Festivals
During November–December (Karthika and Margashira masam) months daily Abhisheka is carried out. There will be Utsavam (Kalyana Mahotsam) during February–March (Magha Bahula Ekadashi day) time. Till Maha Sivarathri grand celebrations in the temple can be seen. Temple timings are from morning 6.00am to 12.00 noon and after noon 4.00pm to 8.00pm. Additional places of interest around Samalkot include Draksharama, Annavaram, Thalupulamma Thalli and Rajahmundry.
Tourism
The Sri Chalukya Kumararama Sri Bhimeswaraswamy vari temple is a temple in Samalkota. The presiding deity at this temple is Shiva, known as Kumara Bhimeswara. The most important festival that is celebrated in this temple is Maha Sivarathri.
The Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC), Kakinada Depot runs circular tours covering all the 5 pancharamas (Amaravathi, Bhimavaram, Palakollu, Draksharama, and Samalkota) in a span of 24 hours. The journey starts at 8:00 pm every Sunday and ends at 8:00 pm next day covering approximately. Currently charges are Rs.350/- and are inclusive of darshan charges at the respective places.
Mandavya narayana swamy temple
Nearby this temple, there is one more temple, "Mandavya narayana swamy temple". This temple is situated on one bank of the canal. Once upon a time, a great saint named Madavya did tapas for Narayanaswamy at this place, and he got the dharshan of Lord Narayana swamy at this place. So this temple is named as Mandavya Narayana Swamy temple. It is said that Indra came to this place to have the saint Mandavya dharshan, with his Pushpaka Vimanam. This temple was built with very good architecture. In Samalkot, there is one more old temple which has more age than above-mentioned temples, i.e. "Trimukha lingam temple". As the lingam has three faces, this temple is named like that, and the three faces are believed as the Trimurtulu (Brahma, Vishnu, Shiva). This temple was totally buried, and only the upper portion is visible, of the lingam, which is of long.
Sri Ganapathi Sri Lakshmidevi Sri Veeravenkatasatyanarayana Swamy Temple at Ganapathinagaram, Peddapuram Road was originally built by Manyam Venkatapathi over 150 years ago and was renovated in March 2006 by The Manyam Family. The deities of all the Shaktipeethams and Jyothirlinghams are displayed in Prakaram.
Gallery
References
External links
Kumararama
More on Kumararama
Kumara Bheemeswara swamy temple
Hindu temples in Kakinada district
Hindu holy cities
Hindu pilgrimage sites in India
9th-century Hindu temples
Pancharama Kshetras
Archaeological sites in Andhra Pradesh
Shiva temples in Andhra Pradesh
Kevin James Murphy (born 1957) is a professor at the University of Southern California. Since 2006, Murphy has held the Kenneth L. Trefftzs Chair in Finance at the USC Marshall School of Business. He is also a Professor of Law at the USC Gould School of Law and Professor of Economics at USC's College of Letters, Arts & Science.
Career
Before teaching at USC, Kevin Murphy was a professor at the Harvard Business School and the University of Rochester's William E. Simon Graduate School of Business Administration.
The Institute for Scientific Information's Web of Knowledge compiles a Highly Cited list composed of the most highly cited individuals within each of 21 broad subject categories; Kevin J. Murphy has been listed under Economics/Business since at least 2003.
Kevin Murphy is a member of the American Economic Association and an associate editor of the Journal of Corporate Finance and Journal of Financial Economics. He received his PhD in Economics from the University of Chicago in 1984 and his BA, summa cum laude, from UCLA in 1979.
Research List
Murphy, Kevin.,Sandino, Tatiana. (2016) "Compensation Consultants and the Level, Composition and Complexity of CEO Pay".
Barron, Daniel.,Gibbons, Robert.,Gil, Ricard.,Murphy, Kevin. (2016) "Relational Adaptation under Reel Authority".
Jensen, Michael.,Murphy, Kevin.,Wruck, Eric. (2016) "CEO Pay and what to do about it: Restoring integrity into executive compensation and capital-market relations", Harvard Business School Press.
Murphy, Kevin.,Zabojnik, Jan. (2016) "Managerial Capital and the Market for CEOs".
Murphy, Kevin. (2013) "Regulating Banking Bonuses in the European Union: A Case Study in Unintended Consequences", European Financial Management, 19, 631-657.
Murphy, Kevin. (2013) "Executive Compensation: Where we are, and how we got there", Handbook of the Economics of Finance, Elsevier Science North Holland, 4, 2A, 211-356.
Fernandes, Nuno.,Ferreira, Miguel.,Matos, Pedro.,Murphy, Kevin. (2013) "Are US CEOs Paid More? New International Evidence", Review of Financial Studies, 26, 323-367.
Conyon, Martin.,Fernandes, Nuno.,Ferreira, Miguel.,Matos, Pedro.,Murphy, Kevin. (2013) "The Executive Compensation Controversy: A Transatlantic Analysis ", Executive Remuneration and Employee Performance-Related Pay: A Transatlantic Perspective, Oxford University Press, 1, Part I, 8-115.
Boeri, Tito.,Lucifora, Claudio.,Murphy, Kevin. (2013) "Executive Remuneration and Employee Performance-Related Pay: A Transatlantic Perspective", Oxford University Press.
Murphy, Kevin. (2012) "Pay, Politics, and the Financial Crisis", Rethinking the Financial Crisis, Russell Sage Foundation, 12.
Murphy, Kevin. (2012) "The Politics of Pay: A Legislative History of Executive Compensation ", The Research Handbook on Executive Pay, Edward Elgar, 1.
Murphy, Kevin. (2012) "CEO Bonus Plans and How to Fix Them".
Baker, George.,Gibbons, Robert.,Murphy, Kevin. (2011) "Relational Adaptation".
Murphy, Kevin. (2010) "Executive Pay Restrictions for TARP Recipients: An Assessment".
Murphy, Kevin.,Sandino, Tatiana. (2010) "Executive Pay and "Independent" Compensation Consultants. Journal of Accounting and Economics 49 (3).", Journal of Accounting and Economics, 49, 147-262.
Murphy, Kevin. (2009) "Compensation Structure and Systemic Risk".
Baker, George.,Gibbons, Robert.,Murphy, Kevin. (2008) "Strategic Alliances: Bridges Between 'Islands of Conscious Power'", Journal of the Japanese and International Economies, 22, 146-163.
Lowry, Michelle.,Murphy, Kevin. (2007) "Executive Stock Options and IPO Underpricing", Journal of Financial Economics, 85, 39-65.
Murphy, Kevin.,Oyer, Paul. (2004) "Discretion in Executive Incentive Contracts", University of Southern California.
Hall, Brian.,Murphy, Kevin. (2003) "The Trouble with Stock Options", Journal of Economic Perspectives, 17, 49-70.
Murphy, Kevin. (2003) "Explaining Executive Compensation: Managerial Power versus the Perceived Cost of Stock Options", University of Chicago Law Review, 69, 847-869.
Murphy, Kevin. (2003) "Stock-Based Pay in New Economy Firms", Journal of Accounting and Economics, 34, 129-147.
Hall, Brian.,Murphy, Kevin. (2002) "Expensing will improve compensation decisions", Boston Globe.
Murphy, Kevin.,Gibbons, Robert.,Baker, George. (2002) "Relational Contracts and the Theory of the Firm", Quarterly Journal of Economics, 117, 39-84.
Murphy, Kevin.,Hall, Brian. (2002) "Stock Options for Undiversified Executives", Journal of Accounting and Economics, 33, 3-42.
Murphy, Kevin.,Conyon, Martin. (2002) "Stock-based executive compensation", Corporate Governance Regimes: Convergence and Diversity,Oxford University Press, 26, 625-646.
Baker, George.,Gibbons, Robert.,Murphy, Kevin. (2001) "Bringing the Market Inside the Firm", American Economic Review Papers and Proceedings, 92, 212-18.
Murphy, Kevin.,Hall, Brian. (2001) "Option Value Does Not Equal Option Cost", WorldatWork Journal, 10.
Murphy, Kevin. (2000) "Performance Standards in Incentive Contracts", Journal of Accounting and Economics, 30, 245-78.
Conyon, Martin.,Murphy, Kevin. (2000) "The Prince and the Pauper? CEO Pay in the US and UK", Economic Journal, 110, F640-71.
Hall, Brian.,Murphy, Kevin. (2000) "Optimal Exercise Prices for Executive Stock Options", American Economics Review Papers and Proceedings,90, 209-214.
Baker, George.,Gibbons, Robert.,Murphy, Kevin. (1999) "Informal Authority in Organizations", Journal of Law, Economics, and Organizations, 15, 56-73.
Murphy, Kevin. (1999) "Executive Compensation", Handbook of Labor Economics, Elsevier Science North Holland.
Hallock, Kevin.,Murphy, Kevin. (1999) "The Economics of Executive Compensation", Edward Elgar Publishing.
Baker, George.,Jensen, Michael.,Murphy, Kevin. (1998) "Compensation and Incentives: Practice vs. Theory", Journal of Finance, 43, 593-616.
Murphy, Kevin. (1998) "Executive Stock Options: An Economist's Perspective", American Compensation Association.
Murphy, Kevin. (1997) "Executive Compensation and the Modern Industrial Revolution", International Journal of Industrial Organization, 15, 417-25.
Murphy, Kevin. (1997) "Disney Offers a Model for Executive Compensation", Los Angeles Business Journal.
Murphy, Kevin. (1997) "CEO Pay and Downsizing: The Social Consequences", American Compensation Association.
Murphy, Kevin. (1996) "Reporting Choice and the 1992 Proxy Disclosure Rules", Journal of Accounting, Auditing, and Finance, 11, 497-515.
Dial, Jay.,Murphy, Kevin. (1995) "Incentives, Downsizing, and Value Creation at General Dynamics", Journal of Financial Economics, 37, 261-314.
Murphy, Kevin. (1995) "Politics, Economics, and Executive Compensation", University of Cincinnati Law Review, 63, 713-748.
Baker, George.,Gibbons, Robert.,Murphy, Kevin. (1994) "Subjective Performance Measures in Optimal Incentive Contracts", Quarterly Journal of Economics, 109, 1125-56.
Murphy, Kevin. (1994) "Governance, Behavior, and Performance of State and Corporate Pension Funds", Harvard University.
Jensen, Michael.,Murphy, Kevin. (1994) "Compensation at Lexerd Systems", Harvard Business School Press.
Murphy, Kevin. (1993) "Executive Compensation in Corporate America 1993", United Shareholders Association.
Murphy, Kevin.,Dial, Jay. (1993) "Compensation and Strategy and General Dynamics (A), (B)", Harvard Business School Press.
Murphy, Kevin.,Zimmerman, Jerold. (1993) "Financial Performance Surrounding CEO Turnover", Journal of Accounting and Economics, 16, 273-315.
Murphy, Kevin. (1992) "Executive Compensation in Corporate America 1992", United Shareholders Association.
Gibbons, Robert.,Murphy, Kevin. (1992) "Does Executive Compensation Affect Investment?", Journal of Applied Corporate Finance, 5.
Gibbons, Robert.,Murphy, Kevin. (1992) "Optimal Incentive Contracts in the Presence of Career Concerns: Theory and Evidence", Journal of Political Economy, 100, 468-505.
Murphy, Kevin. (1992) "Performance Measurement and Appraisal: Motivating Managers to Identify and Reward Performance", Performance Measurement, Evaluation, and Incentives, Harvard Business School Press.
Murphy, Kevin. (1991) "Merck & Co., Inc. (A), (B), (C)", Harvard Business School Press.
Murphy, Kevin.,Jensen, Michael. (1990) "A New Survey of Executive Compensation: Full Survey and Technical Appendix to 'CEO Incentives - It's Not How Much You Pay but How", Simon School of Business, University of Rochester.
Jensen, Michael.,Murphy, Kevin. (1990) "CEO Incentives: It's Not How Much You Pay, But How", Harvard Business Review.
Jensen, Michael.,Murphy, Kevin. (1990) "Performance Pay and Top-Management Incentives", Journal of Political Economy, 98, 225-64.
Gibbons, Robert.,Murphy, Kevin. (1990) "Relative Performance Evaluation for Chief Executive Officers", Industrial and Labor Relations Review,43, 30S-51S.
Murphy, Kevin. (1989) "The Control and Performance of State-Owned Enterprises: Comment", Privatization and State-Owned Enterprises,Kluwer Academic, 59-68.
Murphy, Kevin. (1987) "Executive Compensation in Regulated Firms", William E. Simon Graduate School of Business Administration.
Murphy, Kevin. (1986) "Incentives, Learning, and Compensation: A Theoretical and Empirical Investigation of Managerial Labor Contracts", RAND Journal of Economics, 17, 59-76.
Murphy, Kevin. (1986) "Top Executives Are Worth Every Nickel They Get", Harvard Business Review, 64.
Murphy, Kevin. (1985) "Corporate Performance and Managerial Remuneration: An Empirical Investigation", Journal of Accounting and Economics, 7, 11-42.
Murphy, Kevin. (1985) "Is Executive Compensation Related to Company Performance?", Rochester Management Review.
Jensen, Michael.,Murphy, Kevin. (1984) "Beware the Self-Serving Critics", New York Times.
References
Living people
1957 births
University of Southern California faculty
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
University of Chicago alumni
University of Rochester faculty
Harvard Business School faculty
The northern pied babbler (Turdoides hypoleuca) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae.
It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70–291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
northern pied babbler
Birds of East Africa
northern pied babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ivan Djonov () (born 15 July 1997) is a Macedonian handball player who plays for RK Tineks Prolet.
He participated at the 2017 Men's Junior World Handball Championship.
References
http://www.eurohandball.com/ec/chc/men/2015-16/player/565515/IvanDjonov
https://web.archive.org/web/20151226140037/http://ekipa.mk/tineks-prolet-potpisha-profesionalni-dogovori-so-chetvoritsa-mladi-rakometari/
1997 births
Living people
Macedonian male handball players
Sportspeople from Skopje
Mediterranean Games competitors for North Macedonia
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
Sultan Rashid Abdillahi (, ) was the sixth Grand Sultan of the Isaaq Sultanate and reigned from 1967 to 1969, when he was succeeded by his brother Abdiqadir Abdillahi.
Biography
Rashid was active in independence and post-independence politics and accompanied his father Sultan Abdillahi Deria. In 1966 he would lead a delegation of the Somali Parliament to Teheran and the 55th World Interparliamentary Conference.
References
20th-century Somalian people
Somali sultans
Somalian Muslims
Year of birth missing
1969 deaths
Grand Sultans of the Isaaq Sultanate
The Basketball Africa League Dikembe Mutombo Defensive Player of the Year is an annual Basketball Africa League (BAL) award given to the best defensive player of a given season. The award is named after Congolese basketball legend Dikembe Mutombo. The award was first handed out in the inaugural season to Anas Osama Mahmoud.
Players of the four teams that qualified for the semifinals can be selected. The selection committee exists of a number of BAL experts, including the head coaches of all teams.
Winners
Notes
References
Defensive Player of the Year
On June 30, 2017, at around 2:45 PM EDT, a doctor opened fire at the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center in the Bronx, New York City, United States, killing a doctor on the 17th floor and wounding six people on the 16th floor with an AR-15-type semi-automatic rifle. The shooter was later identified as 45-year-old Nigerian-born Dr. Henry Michael Bello, a family physician formerly employed by the hospital.
Background
Dr. David Lazala, a graduate of the family medical residency program and current faculty member, told the Associated Press that he was one of the physicians training Bello, who sent Lazala a threatening email after being fired. He took Friday off and was reportedly the target of the attack. Dr. Maureen Kwankam said she fired Bello after two years of employment. Kwankam further stated "We fired him because he was kind of crazy. He promised to come back and kill us then."
Hours before the shooting, Bello sent an e-mail to the New York Daily News, making various accusations in regards to his firing, stating "First, I was told it was because I always kept to myself. Then it was because of an altercation with a nurse. Then I was told, it was because I threatened a colleague." Bello blamed a specific doctor for blocking his career progress and costing him $400,000.
Incident
Dr. Tracy Tam was shot and killed on the 17th floor of the hospital. Tam was randomly targeted, according to Dr. Sridhar Chilimuri, the hospital chief. Bello intended to kill the doctor who had cost him his job by accusing him of sexual harassment. Tam, who normally worked in the clinic, was asked to cover a shift of a physician who was out. That change proved fatal for her.
Six others (three doctors, two medical students and a patient) were injured. The most seriously wounded was a doctor shot in the knee and brain, who underwent several hours of surgery on-site and was sent to Mt. Sinai Hospital for more. The other two doctors were shot in the neck and abdomen, one student was shot in the hand and the patient had an unspecified minor injury.
The New York City Police Department said Bello committed suicide after barricading himself inside with a rifle and setting himself on fire.
Victims
Tracy Tam, DO, a family medicine physician and graduate of Touro College of Osteopathic Medicine, was killed.
Justin Timperio, MD, a first year family medicine resident and a graduate of the American University of the Caribbean, was shot and sustained injuries to the liver, stomach, intestines, and lung. Oluwafunmike Ojewoye, MD, a second year family medicine resident and a graduate of Temple University School of Medicine sustained a neck gun shot wound. A gastroenterology fellow doing a consult sustained a hand gun shot wound. Two medical students from Ross University School of Medicine were shot, one to the head and knee. A patient was also injured and was listed in stable condition while the others were deceased or in critical condition. Timperio was transferred to Mount Sinai Hospital, according to his father, Luciano Timperio, an oral surgeon from St. Catherines, Ontario, Canada; the senior Timperio blamed the lack of medical school positions in Ontario for his son's injuries.
Perpetrator
Bello (born Henry Williams Obotetukudo) had formerly worked for the hospital. He had resigned from the hospital amid a sexual harassment complaint two years prior. He was a graduate of Ross University School of Medicine in Dominica and was formerly a pharmacy technician in California. He worked as a night shift doctor at the hospital while trying to be admitted into the family medical residency program.
Aftermath
Bello killed himself on the 16th floor of the hospital after the attack. In March 2018, Timperio filed a lawsuit against Bronx Lebanon Hospital Center and a gun dealer who sold Bello a modified AR-15.
See also
Workplace violence
References
2017 crimes in New York City
2017 mass shootings in the United States
Mass shootings in New York (state)
2017 murders in the United States
2010s in the Bronx
Attacks in the United States in 2017
Attacks on hospitals
June 2017 crimes in the United States
Murder in New York City
Murder–suicides in New York City
Suicides in New York City
Attacks on buildings and structures in the United States
Crimes in the Bronx
Deaths by firearm in the Bronx
Workplace shootings in the United States
Mass shootings in the United States
Mass shootings in New York City
State Road 189 (SR 189) is a north–south highway in the panhandle of Florida. It leads from U.S. Route 98 in downtown Fort Walton Beach to just east of State Road 85 at the Eglin AFB West Gate where its southern section terminates. The northern section begins at an intersection with State Road 4 in Baker, Florida north to the Alabama / Florida state line where Alabama State Route 137 begins upon crossing the Alabama state line.
The common name for the southern portion of the highway is Beal Parkway from its origin at U.S. Route 98 to its intersection with Green Acres Road. At that junction the road becomes Lewis Turner Boulevard to its termination at the Eglin AFB gate.
Both segments were once connected through Eglin AFB.
Future
Part of SR 189 will be resurfaced in 2012.
The Five Mile Bayou bridge is labeled as structurally deficient. There are plans to replace the bridge starting in 2014 with two 12-foot travel lanes in each direction.
Major intersections
Related routes
County Road 189
County Road 189 is a county extension of State Road 189 in west central Okaloosa County. It spans from I-10 at Exit 45 in Holt as Log Lake Road, where it runs north to to hear of Holt, and turns east in a concurrency with US 90. The concurrency ends in Galliver, where CR 90 turns north and later ends at State Road 4 in Baker, thus becoming a hidden concurrency with SR 4 until it branches off to the north as a state highway.
County Road 189A
County Road 189A in northwestern Okaloosa County is a county suffixed alternate of CR 189. The route begins in Holt at US 90 two blocks east of the west end of the concurrency with CR 189 as Main Street. After the intersection of Fourth Street it becomes Poplar Head Church Road. It takes a sharp right turn to the east and at the intersection with Gerald Brooks Road it is renamed Melton Road. CR 189A ends at SR 4 just west of Baker.
County Road 189A
County Road 189A in southeastern Okaloosa County is a county suffixed alternate of SR 189. The road is named Yacht Club Drive and spans from SR 189 in Cinco Bayou to Ferry Road Northeast in Fort Walton Beach.
References
External links
FDOT Map of Okaloosa County (Including SR/CR 189)
189
189
189
Tengen Inc. was an American video game publisher and developer that was created by the arcade game manufacturer Atari Games for publishing computer and console games. It had a Japanese subsidiary named .
History
By 1984, Atari, Inc. had been split into two distinct companies. Atari Corporation was responsible for computer and console games and hardware and owned the rights to the Atari brand for these domains. Atari Games was formed from Atari, Inc.'s arcade division, and were able to use the Atari name on arcade releases but not on console or computer games. When Atari Games wanted to enter the console game market, it needed to create a new label that did not use the Atari name. The new subsidiary was dubbed Tengen, which in the Japanese nomenclature of the board game Go refers to the central point of the board (the word "Atari" comes from the same game).
At the time, Nintendo restricted their licensees to releasing only five games per year, mandated that Nintendo handle cartridge manufacturing, and required their games to be NES-exclusive for two years. Atari Games tried to negotiate for a less restrictive license to produce games for the Nintendo Entertainment System; Nintendo refused, so in December 1987, Atari Games agreed to Nintendo's standard licensing terms. Tengen was incorporated on December 21 of that year. In 1988, Tengen released its first and only three games licensed by Nintendo: R.B.I. Baseball, Pac-Man, and Gauntlet.
Meanwhile, Tengen secretly worked to bypass Nintendo's lock-out chip called 10NES that gave it control over which games were published for the NES. They started development on a chip they called Rabbit. While numerous manufacturers managed to override this chip by zapping it with a voltage spike, Tengen engineers feared this could potentially damage NES consoles and expose them to unnecessary liability. The other problem was that Nintendo made frequent modifications to the NES to prevent this technique from working. Instead, Tengen chose to reverse engineer the chip and decipher the code required to unlock it. However, the engineers were unable to do so, and the launch date for its first batch of games was rapidly approaching.
With time running short, Tengen turned to the United States Copyright Office. Its lawyers contacted the government office to request a copy of the Nintendo lock-out program, claiming that the company needed it for potential litigation against Nintendo. Once obtained, it used the program to create its own chip that would unlock the NES. Tengen announced that they were going to release their own cartridges in December 1988. When Tengen launched the unlicensed versions of its games, Nintendo immediately sued Tengen for copyright and patent infringement. This began a series of lawsuits between the companies which would not be settled until 1994.
Tengen faced another court challenge with Nintendo in 1989 in copyright controversy over the two companies' NES versions of Tetris. Tengen lost this suit as well, and was forced to recall what was estimated to be hundreds and thousands of unsold cartridges of its version of Tetris (having sold only about 50,000 copies).
Tengen went on to produce games for other systems, including the Sega Genesis, Master System, Game Gear, and TurboGrafx-16, and a few more, as well as publish a localized Sega CD title. The company also licensed games for home computers such as the Amiga and the Atari ST, most of which were published by British company Domark. It was best known for its ports of popular Atari arcade games, including Klax, Hard Drivin', STUN Runner, and Paperboy, although they published many other titles as well. In 1994, with the lawsuit against Nintendo settled and after Time Warner reacquired a controlling stake in Atari Games, Tengen was consolidated into Time Warner Interactive.
NES games
Tengen manufactured both licensed and unlicensed versions of three of their NES games (R.B.I. Baseball, Gauntlet, and Pac-Man). The cartridges for their unlicensed games did not come in the gray, semi-square shape that licensed NES games came in; instead, they are rounded and matte-black, and resemble the original Atari cartridges.
Licensed and unlicensed
R.B.I. Baseball (released June 1988; reskinned version of Pro Yakyū Family Stadium by Namco)
Gauntlet (released July 1988)
Pac-Man (released October 1988; based on Namco's 1984 Famicom port)
Unlicensed only
Tetris: The Soviet Mind Game (released May 1989)
Super Sprint (released July 1989; licensed version released in Japan by Altron)
Rolling Thunder (released October 1989; released as a licensed game by Namco in Japan)
Road Runner (released November 1989)
Vindicators (released November 1989)
After Burner (released December 1989; not related to the version released by Sunsoft in Japan which was titled After Burner II)
Alien Syndrome (released December 1989; released as a licensed game by Sunsoft in Japan)
Shinobi (released December 1989)
Toobin' (released December 1989)
Fantasy Zone (not related to the version released by Sunsoft in Japan)
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom (released 1989; a licensed version was published by Mindscape)
Klax (released as a licensed game by Hudson Soft in Japan)
Ms. Pac-Man (an original port, released in 1990, unrelated to Namco's port, which was exclusively released in North America in 1993)
Pac-Mania (developed by Westwood Associates)
R.B.I. Baseball 2
R.B.I. Baseball 3
Skull & Crossbones
See also
Atari
References
External links
Atari Games Corp. v. Nintendo of America, Inc. (from Harvard's Openlaw site; accessed via archive.org)
NES Player's overview of Tengen v. Nintendo
Tengen profile on MobyGames
Tengen games on 1up.com
Atari
American companies established in 1987
American companies disestablished in 1994
Defunct video game companies of the United States
Software companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area
Defunct companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area
Companies based in Milpitas, California
Video game companies established in 1987
Video game companies disestablished in 1994
1987 establishments in California
1994 disestablishments in California
Video game development companies
Video game publishers
Tomaž Cerkovnik (29 June 1960 – 26 July 2004) was a Slovenian former alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1960 births
2004 deaths
Slovenian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Yugoslavia
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
Universiade medalists in alpine skiing
Universiade silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Competitors at the 1981 Winter Universiade
Lunjevica () is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 512 people. Revolutionary Nikola Lunjevica was born in the village.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Gornji Milanovac
Árni Njálsson (born 16 June 1936) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a defender. He won 23 caps for the Iceland national football team between 1956 and 1967.
References
Árni Njálsson international appearances at ksi.is
1936 births
Living people
Arni Njalsson
Association football forwards
Arni Njalsson
Arni Njalsson
Arni Njalsson
Marc Robinson is an Indian actor and former model. He is also a beauty pageant director and a grooming expert. Robinson initiated his career in the fashion, entertainment and media industry as a leading supermodel and later moved on as a television presenter for channel V. As an actor he has played the male lead roles in Bada Din (1998), opposite Shabana Azmi and Tara Deshpande.
Career
Robinson is the founder and fashion director of Dubai Fashion Week. Robinson has worked as a fashion and show director at Lakme Fashion Week. He has been also the National Director for the Femina Miss India beauty pageant as well as the contestant and show director for Ford Models Supermodel of the World, the Indian chapter. In addition to this he is the creative and fashion director for the BMW India Bridal Fashion Week.
Robinson is the organizer and licensee for Elite Model Look India. Robinson is the Project Head for Max Design Awards Student Edition, Max Emerging Star, and Max Fashion Icon India.
Robinson also participated in the first and only season of the reality show Iss Jungle Se Mujhe Bachao in 2009.
Robinson is a diehard Manchester United supporter. He is also an avid sportsman and currently plays soccer for the Stars Football Club in Mumbai.
Personal life
Robinson married Waluscha D'Souza in Goa in 2002; the couple have three children, Chanel, Brooklyn, and Sienna. The couple separated in 2013. He is currently in a live-in relationship with his longtime girlfriend, Navneet Kaur Dhillon.
Career
Film and television appearances
Lover Girl (Album: Made in India) (1995)) (Music video)
Bada Din (1998) (Feature film)
Iss Jungle Se Mujhe Bachao (2014) (Reality television)
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Indian male models
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Place of birth missing (living people)
Jonathan Daniel Montenegro Uzcátegui (born May 11, 1978 in Caracas) is a well known Venezuelan actor and singer. Montenegro was a member of the popular Puerto Rican boy band Menudo.
Biography
Jonathan Montenegro has been involved in show business since he was a small child, being chosen 1984 to act in two Radio Caracas Television telenovelas, "El Analisis" and "La Ciudad Muerta" ("Ghost Town"), both of which had been written by the well known Venezuelan writers and politician, Romulo Gallegos.
In 1985, Montenegro made three theater plays and he debuted in film, making two Venezuelan movies. In addition to that, Montenegro obtained a second place in the prestigious "Festimagico Infantil" ("Magic Children's Festival") talent show, which was held by Venevision.
By 1986, Montenegro would embark in a modeling career, making some television commercials and appearing on some catalogs. He made three telenovelas and one film that year. One of the telenovelas he made that year was "La Intrusa", considered a classic by Latin American critics.
In 1987, Montenegro began exploring his singing abilities, as he was cast on three musicals. He also became active in a national campaign against brain stroke that year.
1988 was a year of firsts for Montenegro, as he debuted on radio with a talk show named "Tren Fantasia" ("Fantasy Train"), and also as a show host, on Radio Caracas Television's "Festival Fantastico Infantil" ("Children's Fantastic Festival"). Montenegro's popularity in Venezuela helped for the directors of Miami's annual "Festival de la Calle 8", a very popular festival among Hispanics, to invite him for the festival's 1989 version.
That same year, Montenegro participated in a television comedy show, a game show, a mini-series and another soap opera. He was also discovered by Edgardo Diaz, who saw the eleven-year-old actor participate alongside Menudo in "Los Ultimos Heroes", a soap opera based on Menudo's latest album, "Los Ultimos Heroes".
In 1990, Montenegro acted alongside Antonio Banderas in a film named Terranova. On December 10 of that year, Montenegro signed with Menudo, becoming the first Venezuelan and first South American member of the band. He joined Mexico's Adrian Olivares, who had previously become the first non-Puerto Rican member of Menudo.
In 1991 Montenegro left the group. He has never mentioned any specific reasons as to why he left, but by the time he did, he had already become a teen idol across Latin America and in Spain, where he toured and had to schedule a special autograph and photo session with his Madrid fans before leaving the European country.
Montenegro spent two years in Venezuela after that, recording four telenovelas. In 1993 he was cast in telenovela Dulce Ilusión. From 1994 to 1995, Montenegro left show business periodically, concentrating on getting his high school diploma and taking English classes in the United States.
Montenegro returned to acting in 1996, by participating in "Sol de Tentacion". He participated in two television shows that year.
By 1997, Montenegro was a full-fledged member of the Venevision roster. He participated in two Venevision soap operas between then and 1998, including "Samantha", where he played a drug addict. That characterization earned him an award as Venezuela's "Best young television actor".
In 1999, Montenegro left acting to become a producer, once again, on radio. He began to produce "Tu Generacion", a radio show geared towards Venezuelan Heavy Metal music fans. The show has remained on the air, but without Montenegro since the early 2000s.
In 2000, Montenegro resumed acting in television series Mis 3 hermanas.
In 2002, Montenegro was in telenovela Juana la virgen.
In 2003, Montenegro was in television series La Cuaima.
In 2005, Montenegro was in television series Dueña y Señora in Puerto Rico.
In 2006, Montenegro was in television series Voltea pa' que te enamores.
Jonathan Montenegro later embarked on a solo singing career, releasing a total of two CD's. Combined with his one CD as a member of Menudo and another with a group of former Menudo members (not El Reencuentro, Montenegro's group is named Menudomania Forever), Montenegro has participated in a total of four CDs. He continues on with his career as a solo singer.
Montenegro married the Venezuelan actress Yelena Maciel in 2011 with the couple having their only child daughter in 2012. They divorced in 2014.
Filmography
Films
Television
Curiosity
Canadian Metal- Symphonic singer Axelle Doyon is her Fan.
See also
List of Venezuelans
References
External links
official webpage
1978 births
Living people
Menudo (band) members
Venezuelan male telenovela actors
21st-century Venezuelan male singers
20th-century Venezuelan male singers
HD 175167 is a star with an exoplanet companion in the southern constellation of Pavo. It is too faint to be visible with the naked eye at an apparent visual magnitude of 8.01. The system is located at a distance of 232 light years from the Sun based on parallax measurements, and it is drifting further away with a radial velocity of 5 km/s. It shows a high proper motion, traversing the celestial sphere at an angular rate of .
This yellow-hued star has a stellar classification of G5IV/V, which, together with the star's absolute magnitude of 3.88, is consistent with a star that is in the early stages of evolving off the main sequence. It has a high metallicity and is spinning with a projected rotational velocity of 2.6 km/s. The star has 1.2 times the mass of the Sun and 1.75 times the Sun's girth. It is radiating 2.9 times the Sun's luminosity from its photosphere at an effective temperature of 5,635 K.
A Jovian planetary companion was discovered in 2010 by a team of the Magellan Planet Search Program, led by Pamela Arriagada. Designated HD 175167 b, their Doppler velocity data (taken over a five year period) indicates the planet has an orbital period of at a distance of from the host star with an eccentricity (ovalness) of 0.54. Since the inclination of the orbital plane was initially unknown, it was only possible to deduce a lower bound on the planet's mass. It is at least 7.8 times as massive as Jupiter. In a 2013 paper, Robert A. Wittenmyer and colleagues reviewed the data of this and many other systems with one or two planets for possible additional planets, but were unable to find any evidence of any. An astrometric measurement of the planet's inclination and true mass was published in 2022 as part of Gaia DR3, while another 2022 study found a different, lower true mass.
See also
HD 129445
HD 152079
HD 164604
HD 86226
List of extrasolar planets
References
G-type main-sequence stars
G-type subgiants
Planetary systems with one confirmed planet
Pavo (constellation)
CD-70 01658
175167
093281
St. Mary's Mission may refer to:
St. Mary's Mission (Kansas)
St. Mary's Mission (Montana)
Barto Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Fairfield in Herkimer County, east of Fairfield. Sugarloaf is located northeast of Barto Hill.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
The Robot Johnson Show is a weekly sketch comedy show put together by the members of Robot Johnson, based out of Charlotte, North Carolina. The show format consists of sketches, commercial and song parodies and original comedy songs, and lasts roughly an hour and ten minutes. Founded by Sean Keenan and A. Blaine Miller, two original members of Charlotte stalwart comedy group The Perch, Robot Johnson is made up of Perch alumni along with local actors and comedians. Relying on local humor and pushing the envelope on racial, sexual and political issues, Robot Johnson claims to provide "good humor by bad people."
History
The initial concept for The Robot Johnson Show came out of a series of conversations Keenan had with Douglas Young, Director of Theatrical Programming of the North Carolina Blumenthal Performing Arts Center, of which Spirit Square is a part. Given the previous success of The Perch (which had folded in 2006 after eleven years of performing in Charlotte) and Keenan's national notoriety as the voice and puppeteer of MTV2 character The Talking Baby, Young thought that the time was right to start a new sketch comedy troupe in the city. Although initially reluctant to get involved, Keenan eventually agreed, calling Miller to gauge interest in the foundation of a new group. The Robot Johnson Show debuted in the Charlotte Comedy Theatre on December 7, 2007, with its first show including favorites like "Quay Rogers: Surrogate Black Guy," "Of Maple Leaves and Human Suffering," and "The Incredibly Sad Indian."
Present
Currently, Robot Johnson is performing at Wine Up in Charlotte, NC and is a touring company across both North and South Carolina.
Cast
The current cast and writing staff of The Robot Johnson Show is as follows:
Sean Keenan, producer and co-founder
Candice Cortinas, associate producer
Tiffany Apple, performer
David Golden, writer/performer
Graham Odom, writer/performer
Noah Lemmons, writer/performer
Zaq Rogers, performer
Meghan Lowther, writer/performer
Brandon Ballard, writer/performer
Luci Wilson, performer
Drew Aronica, performer/writer
Field Canty, performer
Ryan Stamey, performer
Tania Kelly, writer/performer
Josh Lanier, writer
Andy Rogers, writer
Recurring characters
Gordon, the Marginalized Redneck (Sean Keenan)
Becca Norwood, Channel 5 reporter (Tiffany Apple)
Paula and Skalene, the "Double Wide" girls (Tiffany Apple and Luci Wilson)
Gene Shalit (Brandon Ballard)
The Talking Baby (Sean Keenan)
Disembodied Voice (Graham Odom)
Gene and Monty, two '40s-era movie execs (David Golden and Zaq Rogers)
The Guardian Pancake (Sean Keenan)
Kelly Hornsby (Luci Wilson)
Dr. A**hole (Zaq Rogers)
Drs. Howell, Utley, Cornwallis, and Patricks, the redneck NASA rocket scientists (Luci Wilson, David Golden, Tiffany Apple, and Graham Odom)
Shelby Gerkin (Meghan Lowther)
The Talking Baby
The Talking Baby is described by creator Sean Keenan as an "R-rated puppet show," though the baby in question is not actually a puppet but rather an anatomically correct baby doll. During the Talking Baby segments, audience members are able to see Keenan's hand as he operates the baby, changing its hand positions and turning its head. The ostensible function of Talking Baby is to review movies, but the character often goes off on tangents about characters, actors, directors or concepts involved in the movie and quite often has not seen the movies he reviews. The Talking Baby segment is the raunchiest and most profanity-laden of each show, with the Baby promising to "clean it up" for children and the elderly before descending into a tirade of obscenity. One of the most popular sketches in the show, Talking Baby was eventually made the spokesman for MTV2 in the early 2000s. The sketch typically starts out with Disembodied Voice paraphrasing a pop song to introduce the baby (one segment featured Disembodied Voice singing the entire first verse to "More Than Words" by Extreme) before introducing the first film to be reviewed.
Partnerships and media appearances
At their July 26 shows, Robot Johnson filmed a national 30-minute pilot. As of February 2009, the pilot is in post-production and there are plans to shop it to two major networks as well as smaller cable stations. Robot Johnson recently launched its own YouTube channel and plans are in the works for a national tour as well as a comedy album.
In September 2008, the troupe partnered with Collaborative Arts Theatre to produce SITCOMS LIVE, which featured three weeks of three separate sitcoms from the latter half of the twentieth century, including episodes of "Three's Company," "The Facts of Life," and "Married...With Children." Robot Johnson performed the commercial breaks for each sitcom, along with a new hour-long sketch comedy show after each performance. The following year, The Robot Johnson Show received the Metrolina Theatre Award (MTA) for "Other Exemplary Performance/Element - Comedy" for its contribution to SITCOMS LIVE.
On September 21, 2008 Robot Johnson announced that they would move back into The Charlotte Comedy Theatre in October of that year to begin workshopping shows for 2009.
In February 2009, Robot Johnson partnered with Charlotte photography museum The Light Factory to promote "American Zombie," a citywide festival devoted to the work of director George A. Romero. Cast members Sean Keenan, Zaq Rogers and Tiffany Apple appeared on "Wilson's World" segments of local news program "Fox News Rising" on opposite sides of the zombie-rights argument in order to promote the event.
September 2009 saw Robot Johnson's first musical releases. The troupe released free promotional CDs at performances at the Carolina Actors Studio Theatre in Charlotte, NC and at The Gathering Spot in Greenville, SC. The promo CD singles featured members of the troupe performing parodies of "Here Comes the Sun" by The Beatles, "The Times They Are a-Changin'" by Bob Dylan, "Islands in the Stream" by Dolly Parton and Kenny Rogers, and "Disarm" by The Smashing Pumpkins. Also in September 2009, troupe member David Golden released his debut album, "Here's What I Really Think of You," featuring songs he had written for the troupe.
In January 2010, Robot Johnson began a year-long run of monthly shows at the CAST Theatre.
On February 4, 2010, Robot Johnson performed at the North Carolina Comedy Arts Festival.
References
External links
The Blumenthal Performing Arts Center
The official site for "Here's What I Really Think of You"
Culture of Charlotte, North Carolina
Sketch comedy troupes
American comedy troupes
Theatre companies in Charlotte, North Carolina
Tourist attractions in Charlotte, North Carolina
Radomir Pavitchevitch (17 December 1908 – 24 July 2005) was a French legionnaire, veteran of World War II.
He enlisted for five years on 9 December 1931, and was assigned to the 2nd Foreign Legion Regiment at Oujda, Algeria. Even though released from the service, he rejoined the Legion at Beyrouth, in the 6th Foreign Legion Regiment during its creation, on 1 October 1939. In March 1941 he earned the sous-officier rank in the Levant Foreign Legion Regiment.
He then enlisted again to fight for the Free French Forces, and was attached to the 13th Foreign Legion Demi-Brigade (DBLE). He fought in the Phalange Magnifique (the wonderful phalanx, nickname of the DBLE) during the North African campaign, and earned the grade of sergent-chef.
He served as a section commander under capitaine Pierre Messmer, who was at the time, a company commander in the 13. At the end of the siege of Bir Hakeim, all the French units received the order to force the blocus, at night, to break through German lines. Pavitchevitch and his 5 légionnaires, who stayed in the fort to cover their companions, were missing. Five days later, they reappeared, leading a column of twenty Afrika Korps prisoners.
Next, he landed in Italy, thereafter in France in 1944 as a section commander. He was exceptionally promoted as adjudant-chef on 11 November 1945 and retired from active duty on 18 December 1947.
He died on 24 July 2005.
Awards
Knight of the Légion d'honneur and médaillé militaire, the adjudant-chef Pavitchevitch received the Croix de guerre 1939-1945 with a palm and 4 stars (two of vermeil, one of silver, and one of bronze).
Sources
Képi blanc, the official monthly publication of the French Foreign Legion
Division of history and cultural heritage of the French Foreign Legion
Pavitchevitch, Radomir
Pavitchevitch, Radomir
Free French military personnel of World War II
2005 deaths
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1939–1945 (France)
1908 births
Oosterheem is one of the districts (wijken) of Zoetermeer.
It lies in the north-east, near Benthuizen. There is a lot of building going on, and it is one of the most recent districts of Zoetermeer.
Oosterheem has 23,379 citizens, using 8,554 houses. It has a coverage of 363 ha (370,2 ha with water included).
References
Populated places in South Holland
Zoetermeer
Cody Michelle Trahan (born February 6, 1988) is an American softball player. She attended Little Cypress-Mauriceville High School in Orange, Texas, graduating in 2006. She later attended Louisiana State University, where she pitched on the LSU Tigers softball team. Trahan led the Tigers to four consecutive NCAA tournament appearances, where they advanced as far as the Super Regionals in 2007.
References
External links
LSU Tigers bio
1988 births
Living people
LSU Tigers softball players
People from Orange, Texas
In biology, offspring are the young creation of living organisms, produced either by a single organism or, in the case of sexual reproduction, two organisms. Collective offspring may be known as a brood or progeny in a more general way. This can refer to a set of simultaneous offspring, such as the chicks hatched from one clutch of eggs, or to all the offspring, as with the honeybee.
Human offspring (descendants) are referred to as children (without reference to age, thus one can refer to a parent's "minor children" or "adult children" or "infant children" or "teenage children" depending on their age); male children are sons and female children are daughters (see kinship). Offspring can occur after mating or after artificial insemination.
Offspring contains many parts and properties that are precise and accurate in what they consist of, and what they define. As the offspring of a new species, also known as a child or f1 generation, consist of genes of the father and the mother, which is also known as the parent generation. Each of these offspring contains numerous genes which have coding for specific tasks and properties. Males and females both contribute equally to the genotypes of their offspring, in which gametes fuse and form. An important aspect of the formation of the parent offspring is the chromosome, which is a structure of DNA which contains many genes.
To focus more on the offspring and how it results in the formation of the f1 generation, is an inheritance called sex linkage, which is a gene located on the sex chromosome, and patterns of this inheritance differ in both male and female. The explanation that proves the theory of the offspring having genes from both parent generations is proven through a process called crossing over, which consists of taking genes from the male chromosomes and genes from the female chromosome, resulting in a process of meiosis occurring, and leading to the splitting of the chromosomes evenly. Depending on which genes are dominantly expressed in the gene will result in the sex of the offspring. The female will always give an X chromosome, whereas the male, depending on the situation, will either give an X chromosome or a Y chromosome. If a male offspring is produced, the gene will consist of an X and a Y chromosome, and if a female offspring is produced, the gene will consist of two X chromosomes.
Cloning is the production of an offspring which represents the identical genes as its parent. Reproductive cloning begins with the removal of the nucleus from an egg, which holds the genetic material. In order to clone an organ, a stem cell is to be produced and then utilized to clone that specific organ. A common misconception of cloning is that it produces an exact copy of the parent being cloned. Cloning copies the DNA/genes of the parent and then creates a genetic duplicate. The clone will not be a similar copy as they will grow up in different surroundings from the parent and may encounter different opportunities and experiences. Although mostly positive, cloning also faces some setbacks in terms of ethics and human health. Though cell division and DNA replication is a vital part of survival, there are many steps involved and mutations can occur with permanent change in an organism's and their offspring's DNA. Some mutations can be good as they result in random evolution periods in which may be good for the species, but most mutations are bad as they can change the genotypes of offspring, which can result in changes that harm the species.
See also
Breeding (disambiguation)
Clutch (eggs)
Infanticide (zoology)
Lineal descendant
Litter
Parent–offspring conflict
Parental investment
Patrilineality
References
Families
Reproduction
Zoology
David Hunt (20 May 1960 – 11 October 2015) was an English racing driver and younger brother of 1976 Formula One world champion James Hunt.
Hunt started racing at 15 and moved up to Formula Ford in 1981. He competed in the British Formula Three Championship for five seasons from 1983 to 1987 against the likes of Ayrton Senna, Martin Donnelly, Martin Brundle and Damon Hill.
Hunt's major sponsor in British F3 was Acorn Computers and, as part of his sponsorship deal, he served as a consultant to video game designer Geoff Crammond during the development of Revs. This was one of the first racing games designed to be highly realistic and helped spawn the sim racing genre. The game was based on the British F3 championship and, in addition to technical feedback to Crammond, Hunt contributed extensively to the game's manual. He advised the player on racing theory and car setup, and gave corner-by-corner guides on how to lap the game's circuits driving the Ralt RT3 featured.
Hunt raced in the International Formula 3000 championship in 1988 and in the same year tested for the Benetton Formula 1 team. He then quit racing.
At the end of 1994 he sold his multi-level marketing business, selling water filters, and purchased the bankrupt Lotus team to try to save it, but had no success. He continued to work on getting Lotus back into the top echelons of motor sport until 2009, when he sold the rights to the Lotus name to the Litespeed Formula 3 team. Litespeed applied to compete in the 2010 Formula One season but was refused entry. However, BMW Sauber later announced that they would withdraw from the sport at the conclusion of the 2009 season and the selection process was re-opened. A team ran by 1Malaysia and backed by the Malaysian government was given entry for 2010, using the name Lotus Racing under licence from Lotus Cars. In the summer of 2010, 1Malaysia bought Team Lotus Ventures Ltd from David Hunt, and used the name Team Lotus for the 2011 season.
Death
Hunt died in his sleep on the evening of Sunday, 11 October 2015, at the age of 55.
References
1960 births
2015 deaths
English racing drivers
International Formula 3000 drivers
British Formula 3000 Championship drivers
World Sportscar Championship drivers
Formula One team owners
David Price Racing drivers
Glycoinformatics is a field of bioinformatics that pertains to the study of carbohydrates involved in protein post-translational modification. It broadly includes (but is not restricted to) database, software, and algorithm development for the study of carbohydrate structures, glycoconjugates, enzymatic carbohydrate synthesis and degradation, as well as carbohydrate interactions. Conventional usage of the term does not currently include the treatment of carbohydrates from the better-known nutritive aspect.
Issues to consider
Even though glycosylation is the most common form of protein modification, with highly complex carbohydrate structures, the bioinformatics on glycome is still very poor.
Unlike proteins and nucleic acids which are linear, carbohydrates are often branched and extremely complex. For instance, just four sugars can be strung together to form more than 5 million different types of carbohydrates or nine different sugars may be assembled into 15 million possible four-sugar-chains.
Also, the number of simple sugars that make up glycans is more than the number of nucleotides that make up DNA or RNA. Therefore, it is more computationally expensive to evaluate their structures.
One of the main constrains in the glycoinformatics is the difficulty of representing sugars in the sequence form especially due to their branching nature. Owing to the lack of a genetic blueprint, carbohydrates do not have a "fixed" sequence. Instead, the sequence is largely determined by the presence of a variety of enzymes, their kinetic differences and variations in the biosynthetic micro-environment of the cells. This increases the complexity of analysis and experimental reproducibility of the carbohydrate structure of interest. It is for this reason that carbohydrates are often considered as the "information poor" molecules.
Databases
Table of major glyco-databases.
References
Bioinformatics
Carbohydrate chemistry
Glycomics
Miyamae (written: 宮前) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, member of the Japanese idol girl group SKE48
, Japanese pop singer
, Japanese Zen Buddhist rōshi
See also
Miyamae-ku, Kawasaki, a ward of Kawasaki in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan
Miyamae Station, a railway station in Wakayama Prefecture, Japan
Japanese-language surnames
Walther Ulrich Eduard Friedrich Gothan (26 August 1879 in Woldegk – 30 December 1954 in Berlin) was a German paleobotanist, known for his studies of Carboniferous flora.
He studied mining and geology at the mining academies in Clausthal and Berlin, and botany and chemistry at the University of Berlin. In 1905 he received his doctorate from the University of Jena with the thesis, Zur Anatomie lebender und fossiler gymnospermen Hölzer.
From 1903 onward, he worked as an assistant at the Prussian Geological Survey. He taught classes in paleobotany at the Mining Academy and at the Technical University of Berlin, where in 1926 he became an associate professor. During the following year, he received an honorary professorship at the University of Berlin. In 1938 he was named a departmental head at the Prussian Geological Survey, and after World War II, was associated with work done at the Academy of Sciences of the GDR. In 1951 he founded the Arbeitsstelle für Paläobotanik within the Academy.
The fossil genera of Gothania, Gothaniella and Gothanopteris commemorate his name, the latter genus being described by Gen-ichi Koidzumi in 1936. His name is also associated with the Gothankammen, a mountain ridge on Spitsbergen.
Selected works
Die fossilen Hölzer von König Karls Land, 1907 – The fossil woods of Kong Karls Land.
Entwicklungsgeschichte der pflanzenwelt. Pflanzengeographie. Die pflanzenwelt der tropen (with Hubert Winkler, Robert Knud Friedrich Pilger, 1913) – Evolutionary history of the plant world / Plant geography / The plant world of the tropics.
Lehrbuch der Paläobotanik (with Henry Potonié, 1921).
Paläontologisches praktikum, (with Otto Seitz, 1920) – Practical paleontology.
Geschichtliches über die Verwendung und die Entstehungstheorie der Kohlen (with Rudolf Daber, 1956) – History on the application and the formation theory of coal.
References
1879 births
1954 deaths
People from Mecklenburgische Seenplatte (district)
Humboldt University of Berlin alumni
Humboldt University of Berlin faculty
Technical University of Berlin faculty
Paleobotanists
19th-century German geologists
Members of the German Academy of Sciences at Berlin
20th-century German geologists
One human poll comprised the 1939 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll. The Coaches' Poll began operation in 1950; in addition, the AP Poll did not begin conducting preseason polls until that same year.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on December 11, at the end of the 1939 regular season, weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
References
College football rankings
Royal Citadel may refer to:
Royal Citadel, Plymouth, a fort in Plymouth, England
Real Cittadella, a fort in Messina, Sicily
Collinsium was a genus of lobopodian from the Early Cambrian. It is represented by a single fossil species, Collinsium ciliosum, found in the Xiaoshiba Lagerstätte (Hongjingshao Formation) of China. Similar to the later Hallucigenia it was a small worm-like creature with spikes along its back and feeding tentacles near its head. Unlike Hallucigenia, Collinsium had 9 walking appendages and 4 fine anterior appendages. Its body was covered in hair-like Papillae, and its fine anterior appendages were lined with Setae likely used for filter feeding. The generic name honors paleontologist Desmond Collins.
References
Prehistoric protostome genera
Cambrian China
Fossils of China
Fossil taxa described in 2015
The Blackburn R.2 Airedale was a single-engine three-seat monoplane deck-landing aircraft for land and sea reconnaissance, built in the UK in 1924. Only two were built.
Development
The Airedale was designed by F.A.Bumpus to Air Ministry specifications R.37/22 calling for a three-seat deck-landing reconnaissance aircraft intended to replace the Fleet Air Arm's Blackburn B.1 Blackburn and the Avro 555 Bison. Unlike the B.1, it was a monoplane with a high wing for good visibility.
The wooden-sparred thick wing was of low aspect ratio, with a maximum chord section of about 38% of the span. This chord was maintained from about ¼-½ the span with a much narrower centre section to improve vision; the wingtips were very square. The wings, braced with N-type struts to the fuselage, could be folded by rotation around an inclined axis so that they lay chord-vertical alongside the fuselage for storage aboard an aircraft carrier.
The fuselage was of semi-monocoque construction with ash longerons and a plywood covering. At the front was a metal mounting for the uncowled 385 hp (286 kW) Armstrong Siddeley Jaguar III radial engine and at the rear an empennnage similar to that of the B.1. The second prototype carried small stabilising fins on the underside of the tailplane. The main undercarriage was of the single axle type complemented by a tailskid. During development the undercarriage was strengthened with two extra struts forward of the main axle which carried arrestor claws at each end for deck-landing. These engaged with the fore and aft wires used on Royal Navy carriers up to 1926.
The pilot sat in an open cockpit forward of the wing for optimum visibility during deck landings and behind him in an enclosed, windowed cabin were the navigator and wireless operator, who could access an open gunner's position further aft. The pilot was able to enter the cabin if needed, in which case the navigator could fly the aircraft from a rear folding seat provided with duplicate controls.
Operational history
Two Airedales were built, the first in 1924 for trials against the Hawker Hedgehog. It crashed after these trials and a second Airedale went to Martlesham Heath for testing in 1926. It was judged not to offer sufficient performance advantage over the B.1 and the Bison, and no orders followed. Blackburn considered a biplane derivative with a more powerful engine, the R.3A, but this remained on the drawing board.
Specifications
References
Notes
Bibliography
Airedale
1920s British military reconnaissance aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Parasol-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1924
is a racing driver from Japan who currently competes in Super Formula, Super Formula Lights and Super GT.
Career
Kotaka made his debut in formula racing in 2015, racing for TOM'S from the second race weekend in the F4 Japanese Championship. He regularly finished in the top 10, with a fourth place finish at the Suzuka International Racing Course as his best result. He finished sixth in the championship with 50 points.
In 2016, Kotaka remained active in Japanese Formula 4 with TOM'S. He won two races at Fuji Speedway and another at Sportsland SUGO. He later took another podium finish at Fuji, but achieved erratic results for the remainder of the season. He finished fifth overall with 113 points.
In 2017, Kotaka did not race, but in 2018 he returned to Japanese Formula 4 at TOM's. He missed the first race weekend, but nevertheless he won two races at Fuji and was on the podium in seven other races. With 188 points, he finished third in the standings behind Yuki Tsunoda and Teppei Natori. At the end of the season, he made his Japanese Formula 3 Championship debut with Hanashima Racing over the weekend at SUGO. He scored a point with sixth in the final race and was classified thirteenth in the final standings.
In 2019, Kotaka started the year in the New Zealand racing in the Toyota Racing Series with the team MTEC Motorsport. He took a podium finish in the season finale at the Manfeild: Circuit Chris Amon, finishing the season in tenth place with 176 points. He then made his debut as a full-time driver in Japanese Formula 3 with the Corolla Chukyo Kuo TOM'S team. He took five podiums: one at Suzuka, three at SUGO and one at the Twin Ring Motegi, but he also had to miss two race weekends. He finished fifth in the final standings with 48 points. He also drove for the team apr in the GT300 class of the Super GT in the two races at Fuji sharing a McLaren 720S GT3 with Hiroaki Nagai and Manabu Orido, but scored no points.
In 2020, Kotaka remained active in Japanese Formula 3, which had changed its name to Super Formula Lights, with the TOM'S team. He won one race in the final race weekend at Fuji and was on the podium in ten other races. With 73 points, he finished third in the final standings behind Ritomo Miyata and Sena Sakaguchi. He also competed full-time in the GT300 class of the Super GT with the team Advics muta Racing INGING, sharing a Toyota 86 MC GT300 with Ryohei Sakaguchi. The two took two pole positions at Fuji and two podiums at Suzuka and Fuji. They finished ninth in the championship with 34 points.
In 2021 Kotaka would continue to drive in the 2021 Super Formula Lights at TOM'S. However, he missed the first two race weekends as he made his Super Formula debut that year with the carrozzeria Team KCMG as a replacement for Kamui Kobayashi, who was unable to fly to Japan due to travel restrictions due to the COVID-19 pandemic. He ended up competing in all but one round of the series, but didn't manage to score a single point. Kotaka still raced in Super Formula Lights, albeit only for one round, where he managed to get 2 podiums.
Racing record
Career summary
‡ Team standings.
Complete Toyota Racing Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete FIA Motorsport Games results
Complete Super Formula results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
* Season still in progress.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Japanese racing drivers
Japanese Formula 3 Championship drivers
Super GT drivers
Super Formula drivers
Toyota Racing Series drivers
TOM'S drivers
KCMG drivers
Toyota Gazoo Racing drivers
FIA Motorsport Games drivers
Fotbal Club Elpis Constanța, commonly known as Elpis Constanța, or simply as Elpis, is a Romanian professional football club based in Constanța, Constanța County. It plays in the Liga IV.
History
The team was founded in 1915, being one of the oldest clubs in Romania. The first field was located on the banks of the Black Sea by the Greek Church. The team played in the first three national leagues of Romania until 1957, when the club dissolved.
42 years after the club was disbanded, in 1999, the club reappears in Constanta as a private club under the leadership on Anton Hiropedi, as a club who wants to develop the young talents.
After two finals lost in Cupa Danone, in 2002 and 2003, finally in 2004 the club wins the trophy.
Next year the club wins the national championship, youth league, defeating Gloria Arad in the final with 1-0.
The colors of the team are blue and black.
Honors
Danone Cup
Winners(1): 2004
Runners-up(2): 2002, 2003
Youth League
Champions(1): 2005
References
Football in Romania
John ya Otto Nankudhu (1933–2011, nom de guerre: Koshiwanda, the surname is sometimes also spelled Nankugu) was a Namibian guerrilla, army officer and politician. He was the commander of the forces of the People's Liberation Army of Namibia (PLAN) at Omugulugwombashe when the armed struggle for independence began there on 26 August 1966 and was later jailed for 17 years at Robben Island. He is a National Hero of Namibia for his contributions to the independence of the country.
Early life and exile
Nankudhu was born on 24 June 1933 at Oluhapa in northern Namibia. He joined the Ovamboland People's Congress, the predecessor of SWAPO, in 1958, shortly after its foundation. He quickly ascended to become its chairman for Oranjemund. In 1960 he went into exile. He received military training in Egypt until 1963 and thereafter joined a military academy in the USSR where he completed training in 1964.
Nankudhu returned to Africa in 1964 and, already in the rank of a commander of the People's Liberation Army of Namibia (PLAN), started a military training camp in Kongwa, Tanzania. In 1966 he moved into Namibia as one of the first six guerrillas to mobilise and train people for armed resistance. Under his leadership a reconnaissance camp near Ongandjera was established in January, and a training camp at Omugulugwombashe in June.
Battle at Omugulugwombashe
In 1966 the UN General Assembly revoked South Africa mandate to govern South West African territory and placed it under direct UN administration. South Africa refused to recognize this resolution. The group under Nankudhu had just started to build defensive structures and planned to train about 90 soldiers at Omugulugwombashe.
On 26 August 1966, eight helicopters of the South African Defence Force attacked the PLAN guerrilla fighters, only 17 of which were in the camp at the time of attack. It was the first armed battle in the Namibian War of Independence. In commemoration of the day, 26 August is a public holiday in Namibia. It is recognized by the UN as Namibia Day but Namibians refer to it as Heroes' Day.
John ya Otto Nankudhu was only arrested in December. The South Africans detained him in Pretoria, tortured him, and placed him in solitary confinement. He occupied the cell Walter Sisulu was held in before. In 1968 he was sentenced to death under the Terrorism Act. Following international pressure the sentence was converted to life in prison at Robben Island. He was released in December 1985.
After Namibian independence
After independence, Nankudhu served as regional councillor for Windhoek Wanaheda constituency (now Samora Machel constituency) from 1999 to 2010. He also was the chairman of the Central Region of the Swapo Party and a member of the Ministry of Veterans' Affairs. On 26 August 2007 he received the honorary military rank of Colonel.
John ya Otto Nankudhu was married to Jacobina. They had five children. Nankudhu died on 21 June 2011, reportedly a poor man. Shortly after Nandudhu's death, President Hifikepunye Pohamba conferred the status of National Hero upon him and directed that a state burial be held. Nankudhu was buried at Namibia's Heroes' Acre near Windhoek on 2 July 2011. He is also commemorated at Omugulugwombashe, where a statue of six soldiers engaged in planning a military action depicts Nankudhu and his subordinates.
References
1933 births
2011 deaths
People from Oshikoto Region
SWAPO politicians
People's Liberation Army of Namibia personnel
Namibian military personnel
Inmates of Robben Island
National heroes of Namibia
Namibian people imprisoned abroad
Prisoners sentenced to death by South Africa
OnePiece () is a Korean production team composed of musicians Yoon Sang, Davink, wan9u, and Spacecowboy. OnePiece made their debut without wan9u in November 2015 with a hip-hop and EDM genre mix of the song "Let's Get It" featuring Dok2. OnePiece has contributed extensively to the Korean girl group Lovelyz's music. Wan9u joined the group in 2016.
Formation and production history
OnePiece was formed around producer and singer Yoon Sang in 2014. Yoon Sang and Spacecowboy first collaborated when Spacecowboy provided the rhythm track for Yoon Sang's 2014 single "If you wanna console me…(날 위로하려거든)". Davink worked on Yoon Sang's The Duets album and, after their work on that album, the group officially formed.
Their sound is mostly electronica-based, using synthesizers to create a retro feel. OnePiece has provided a lot of the musical direction for Lovelyz's sound, and are credited with helping them maintain a distinctive "color" of music with consistent sales and popularity. This popularity was especially reflected with the OnePiece-produced track "Ah-Choo" which ended up being sleeper hit that had a long life on Korean music charts in 2015.
Songwriting and production credits
Lovelyz
Infinite Challenge
Exo-CBX
Bae Suzy
References
2014 establishments in South Korea
Musical groups established in 2014
South Korean synthpop groups
The Magnetic North are a British band, formed between multi-instrumentalist Simon Tong (formerly of The Verve, Blur and The Good, the Bad & the Queen), Orcadian artist and producer Gawain Erland Cooper and singer, composer and orchestral arranger Hannah Peel. Their songs are part autobiography and part psychogeography.
Having come together to make an album that imagined the landscape, legends and people of Gawain Erland Cooper's birthplace, Orkney (2012's highly acclaimed Orkney: Symphony of the Magnetic North), and originally intending to be a one-off, their popularity led them to reconvene to release follow-up Prospect of Skelmersdale in 2016 - evoking childhood memory, people and place, and an examination of how a failing Northern new town became home to the transcendental meditation movement. If Orkney was the musical equivalent of great nature writing then Prospect of Skelmersdale is somewhere between finely-tuned kitchen-sink drama and urban psychogeography. Inspired as much by the greys and greens of Kes, as the soothing, cyclical patterns of meditative ragas, Prospect of Skelmersdale is a collection of musical snapshots of a uniquely British town.
It is a concept album about Tong's Transcendentalist hometown, Skelmersdale. In an interview with Transverso Media he described it as, "a series of little snapshots that I had drawn from my memory of people and places," stating it's, "kind of about where I grew up. I'm kind of wondering what the people of that town will think about it – whether they'll like it or they won't like it. I don't know."
The inspiration for Orkney: Symphony of the Magnetic North was the appearance in a dream of Betty Corrigall to Cooper, insisting that he should write an album about his island home.
Personnel
Simon Tong
Gawain Erland Cooper
Hannah Peel
Discography
2012: Orkney: Symphony of the Magnetic North
2016: Prospect of Skelmersdale
References
Musical groups from London
British musical trios
English alternative rock groups
Gareth Daley (), known mononymously as Daley, is a British singer-songwriter and artist, internationally acclaimed for his unique contributions to R&B/Soul music and captivating vocal performance. He first became prominent after co-writing and featuring on the Gorillaz single "Doncamatic", having been spotted by the band's creator Damon Albarn early in his career as an underground artist on the UK music scene.
Daley was promptly signed to Universal Music, and established himself as an international recording artist celebrated for songs including top five radio hit Alone Together with Marsha Ambrosius (of Floetry), top ten single Look Up (produced by Pharrell Williams), Remember Me featuring Jessie J, and top ten single Until The Pain Is Gone featuring three time Grammy winner Jill Scott. He has received praise from The Grammys, BET, Billboard, Soul Train Awards and the MOBO Awards.
These releases span four projects including the Those Who Wait mixtape, Alone Together EP, and studio albums Days & Nights and The Spectrum - all of which incorporate elements of R&B, Soul, Pop, Funk, Alternative, electronic and orchestral arrangement, and showcase Daley's auto-biographical, personal lyrical style.
Early life
Daley was born and brought up in the suburbs of South Manchester in the North-West of England. Before pursuing music professionally, a passion for the creative visual arts led him to study Design & Art Direction at Manchester Metropolitan University, and work as a Graphic Designer, video editor and animator. He lived in Manchester until age 21, before making the decision to quit his day job and relocate to London to focus solely on making music.
Career
2010: Breakthrough
With some early demos, Daley took to the UK live scene, performing at open-mic nights, jam sessions and new talent stages including 'Troy Bar' in Hoxton, 'iluvlive' in Camden and widely respected music industry showcase 'Wired' at Shoreditch House. Whipping up excitement with his standout vocal performances he would often find himself on stages with fellow emerging artists Ed Sheeran, Jessie J, Emeli Sande and Maverick Sabre - many of whom he has since collaborated or toured with.
Steadily making a name for himself, Daley caught the attention of Gorillaz co-creator Damon Albarn, who invited him to meet and work on new material for the animated band's Plastic Beach album, resulting in their 2011 single "Doncamatic", which Daley co-wrote and fronted as lead vocalist. It shot him into the spotlight, appearing in the music video and joining the Escape to Plastic Beach World Tour, along with Little Dragon, De La Soul, Lou Reed and Snoop Dogg.
The collaboration enhanced Daley's visibility within the music industry, and early radio airplay started largely at BBC Radio 1Xtra, who's DJ's Twin B, Ras Kwame, MistaJam and Ronnie Herel all championed the singer. This eventually lead to him taking part in emerging artist discovery platform BBC Introducing, where he was invited to record three of his songs at the world-famous Maida Vale Studios in London, and began to attract the attention of record labels.
2011: Those Who Wait
Daley's first solo offering was the Those Who Wait mixtape in late 2011, an independently released free download that was distributed through his official website Daley.TV. The mixtape achieved 50,000 downloads in its first month, increasing to 150,000 downloads over the months that followed and garnered Daley support from UK media including BBC's 'Sound of...' poll and online buzz from bloggers and fans alike. It consisted of ten songs, and showcased an alternative R&B sound. Stand out tracks included "Those Who Wait", "Game Over", "Smoking Gun", and an acoustic cover of 'Maxwell's "Pretty Wings", which became a viral favourite.
2014: Days + Nights
Released on 11 February 2014 by Polydor Records in the United Kingdom and Republic Records in the United States - the critically acclaimed Days + Nights was Daley's official debut studio album. Featuring stand out songs 'Look Up', 'Broken', 'Time Travel' and 'Blame The World', the album featured collaborations with Pharrell Williams, Illangelo, Bernard Butler and Shea Taylor.
2017: The Spectrum
On 14 July 2017, after a two-year hiatus, Daley's sophomore studio album The Spectrum was released via BMG Rights Management. The album featured lead single "Until The Pain Is Gone" a soaring soulful duet with three time Grammy winner Jill Scott), which catapulted the singer back to the top of the US R&B charts. and stand out songs including Prince-inspired funk jam "Sympathy" with UK producer/DJ Swindle, "Selfish" produced by Montreal producer 'xSdtrk' and UK Garage inspired "Careless". The album saw Daley continue to develop with his auto-biographical songwriting style, delving into emotional and even occasional spiritual territory, and pushing boundaries with both vocal performance/arrangement and musical sonic.
Artistry
Daley has become known for his Alternative R&B sound, which contains hints of Soul, Electronica and Pop. His songwriting is largely autobiographical with an emphasis on vocal performance and arrangement, a trait that has often defined him when compared to his male contemporaries. He has referred to his sound as "Future-Throwback" in interviews, stating that the music has a familiar, nostalgic roots, contemporised with a futuristic sonic and production. Daley has cited a mix of US and UK sounds and songwriters as influences, including: Prince, Chaka Khan, Radiohead, Maxwell, Sade, Joni Mitchell, Imogen Heap and George Michael.
Discography
Albums
EPs
Singles
Appearances
Touring and live performances
Daley has embarked on several sold-out headline tours around the US and Europe, notably playing London's KOKO, to New York's Apollo Theatre and Highline Ballroom, the El Rey Theatre in Los Angeles, 930 Clubs in Washington, D.C. and the Buckhead Theatre in Atlanta.
Other artists he has performed and toured with include Stevie Wonder, Gorillaz, Miguel, Jessie J, Emeli Sande, Maxwell, Jill Scott, Maverick Sabre, Kelly Rowland, Earth, Wind & Fire and Quincy Jones.
Headline tours
Days & Nights Tour (2014) Headline US Tour (30 dates)
Daley, Unplugged Tour (2014) Headline US Tour (15 dates)
Look Up Tour (2013) Headline US Tour (18 dates)
Those Who Wait Tour (2012) Headline European Tour (15 dates)
2016 tour (2016) Headline USA (18 dates)
Daley, The Spectrum Tour (2017) Headline US & Europe Tour (25 dates)
The Spectrum Unplugged Tour (2018) Headline US Tour (18 dates)
Daley x JMSN (2019) Co-Headline US Tour (18 dates)
Support tours
Maxwell Summer Solstice Tour Opening act
Miguel UK Tour Opening act
Emeli Sande UK Tour Opening act
Maverick Sabre UK Tour Opening act
Gorillaz Plastic Beach World Tour Featured artist
References
External links
Official Website www.daley.tv
Daley on Facebook
Year of birth unknown
Living people
English pop singers
English male singer-songwriters
Musicians from Manchester
British contemporary R&B singers
English soul musicians
21st-century English singers
21st-century British male singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Events from the year 1871 in Ireland.
Events
1 January – Church of Ireland disestablished. St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, becomes the National Cathedral.
15 April – Ormeau Park is opened to the public by Belfast City Council.
16 June – The Westmeath Act is enacted allowing arrest and detention without trial.
J. P. Mahaffy appointed to the Chair of Ancient History at Trinity College Dublin at the age of 32.
Arts and literature
Sport
Hare coursing
Waterloo Cup won by Master McGrath for the third time.
Births
8 January – James Craig, 1st Viscount Craigavon, first Prime Minister of Northern Ireland (died 1940).
14 January – A. M. Sullivan, lawyer (died 1959).
16 January – Valentine McEntee, 1st Baron McEntee, Labour MP in the United Kingdom (died 1953).
19 January – Frederick Barton Maurice, soldier, military correspondent, writer and academic, founded the British Legion in 1920 (died 1951).
13 February – Joseph Devlin, Nationalist politician and MP in the British House of Commons and in Northern Ireland (died 1934).
30 March – William Lyle, medical practitioner and Ulster Unionist Party politician (died 1949).
16 April – John Millington Synge, dramatist, poet and writer (died 1909).
18 April – Frederick Field, Royal Navy Admiral of the Fleet and First Sea Lord (died 1945).
? May – Elinor Darwin, née Monsell, engraver and portrait painter (died 1954 in England).
17 July – J. M. Andrews, second Prime Minister of Northern Ireland (died 1956).
30 August – James Nathaniel Halbert, entomologist (died 1948).
30 November – Thomas O'Donnell, barrister, judge, Irish Nationalist, MP (died 1943).
November – Thomas Moles, Ulster Unionist politician and journalist (died 1937).
26 December – Chicago May, born Mary Anne Duignan, criminal (died 1929 in the United States).
Deaths
2 January – Samuel Blackall, soldier, politician and second Governor of Queensland, Australia (born 1809).
3 February – James Sheridan Muspratt, research chemist and teacher (born 1821).
20 February – Paul Kane, painter in Canada (born 1810).
1 March – Anthony Coningham Sterling, British Army officer and historian (born 1805).
4 July – James Duffy, author and publisher (born 1809).
2 October – Sir Thomas Deane, architect (born 1792).
6 October – Edwin Wyndham-Quin, 3rd Earl of Dunraven and Mount-Earl, peer (born 1812).
30 November – John T. Mills, lawyer and Supreme Court Justice for the Republic of Texas (born 1817).
8 December – James Murray, physician (born 1788)
15 December – John George, politician, judge and in 1859 Solicitor-General for Ireland (born 1804).
References
1870s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 19th century in Ireland
Ireland
The Irish Intermediate League was a Northern Irish football competition for teams of intermediate status, which also included reserve sides of senior teams. The league ran from 1915 until 1954.
History
It began in 1915 after the amalgamation of the Irish Junior League and Irish Senior Reserve League, and ran until 1954, when the majority of the remaining clubs applied to join the Irish League B Division, which had been formed in 1951. Until the introduction of the Irish League B Division it was the second tier of the Northern Ireland football league system.
The tournament also ran a cup tournament for members of the league, the McElroy Cup.
List of champions
1915–16 Glentoran II*
1916–17 Belfast Celtic II*
1917–18 Belfast Celtic II*
1918–19 Glentoran II*
1919–20 Glentoran II*
1920–21 Brantwood
1921–22 Dundela
1922–23 Crusaders
1923–24 Dunmurry
1924–25 Brantwood
1925–26 Crusaders
1926–27 Crusaders
1927–28 Willowfield
1928–29 Crusaders
1929–30 Glentoran II*
1930–31 Crusaders
1931–32 Belfast Celtic II*
1932–33 Crusaders
1933–34 Belfast Celtic II*
1934–35 Belfast Celtic II*
1935–36 Belfast Celtic II*
1936–37 Belfast Celtic II*
1937–38 Crusaders
1938–39 Crusaders
1939–40 Linfield Swifts*
1940–41 Bangor Reserves*
1941–42 Aircraft United
1942–43 Bangor Reserves*
1943–44 Bangor Reserves*
1944–45 Dundela
1945–46 Linfield Swifts*
1946–47 Dundela
1947–48 Brantwood
1948–49 Crusaders
1949–50 Dundela
1950–51 Dundela
1951–52 Brantwood
1952–53 Larne
1953–54 Brantwood
NB - * denotes reserve teams of senior clubs
Performance by club
NB - * indicates reserve team
List of McElroy Cup winners
1915–16 Glentoran II*
1916–17 Belfast Celtic II*
1917–18 Glentoran II*
1918–19 Distillery II*
1919–20 Cliftonville Olympic*
1920–21 Distillery II*
1921–22 St Mary's
1922–23 Belfast United
1923–24 St Mary's
1924–25 Brantwood / Dunmurry (shared)
1925–26 Linfield Rangers
1926–27 Dunmurry
1927–28 Broadway United
1928–29 Linfield Swifts*
1929–30 Crusaders
1930–31 Newington Rangers
1931–32 Crusaders
1932–33 Belfast Celtic II*
1933–34 Summerfield / Glentoran II* (shared)
1934–35 Belfast Celtic II*
1935–36 Belfast Celtic II*
1936–37 Belfast Celtic II*
1937–38 Linfield Swifts*
1938–39 Glentoran II*
1939–40 Linfield Swifts*
1940–41 Ards II*
1941–42 Ballyclare Comrades*
1942–43 Belfast Celtic II*
1943–44 Belfast Celtic II*
1944–45 Linfield Swifts*
1945–46 Dundela / Linfield Swifts* (shared)
1946–47 Bangor Reserves
1947–48 Crusaders
1948–49 Larne
NB - * denotes reserve teams of senior clubs
Performance by club
NB - * indicates reserve team
References
External links
Intermediate League Archive at the Irish Football Club Project
McElroy Cup Archive at the Irish Football Club Project
Association football leagues in Northern Ireland
6
John Sawbridge (1732 – 21 February 1795) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1768 to 1780.
Sawbridge was the eldest son of John Sawbridge, FRS of Olantigh and his wife Elizabeth Wanley, daughter of George Wanley.
Sawbridge was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Hythe at the 1768 general election, and held the seat until 1774. He exerted himself in the House of Commons on behalf of John Wilkes, who had been declared incapable of sitting for Middlesex. With John Horne Tooke, James Townsend, Richard Oliver, and others, he helped to form the Supporters of the Bill of Rights. In local politics Sawbridge, who was a liveryman of the Framework Knitters' Company, was elected, with Townsend, as sheriff of London in summer 1768, and in the following year (1 July) he was elected alderman for the ward of Langbourn. During his shrievalty he five times returned Wilkes as duly elected for Middlesex, in defiance of the house, and was threatened with a bill of pains and penalties from the government. In August 1771 Junius, in secret correspondence with Wilkes, urged him to procure Sawbridge's election as lord mayor; but Brass Crosby was reported to want re-election, and Wilkes, who had by the quarrelled with Sawbridge, refused to desert Crosby. At the election the show of hands was declared in favour of Sawbridge and Crosby, but a poll was demanded for four other candidates, Bankes, Nash, Hallifax, and Townsend. In spite of Junius's appeals, the livery returned Nash and Sawbridge to the court of aldermen. The former, the ministerial candidate, was elected Lord Mayor.
At the 1774 general election Sawbridge contested two seats: he was defeated in Hythe, but was elected as one of the 4 MPs for the City of London. He was defeated in London at the general election in September 1780, but one of his successors, John Kirkman, who died on the day when the polls closed and had been returned posthumously. Sawbridge was returned without a contest at the resulting by-election in November 1780, and was re-elected in 1784
and 1790, holding the seat until his death on 21 February 1795, aged 62. However, he was less active in the parliament of 1790 and was paralysed in the last three years of his life
He was a Sheriff of London in 1770 and elected Lord Mayor of London in 1775 in succession to John Wilkes. He was commissioned as Colonel of the East Kent Militia in 1779 and held the command until his death.
Family
Sawbridge had married firstly on 15 November 1763 Mary Diana Bridgeman, daughter of Sir Orlando Bridgeman, 2nd Baronet. She died without issue in 1764 and he married secondly Anne Stephenson daughter of Sir William Stephenson. His son Samuel Elias Sawbridge was Member of Parliament for Canterbury.
Samuel Elias Sawbridge (7 January 1769 – 27 May 1850)
Ann Sawbridge (born 20 June 1776)
Wanly Sawbridge (born 9 June 1779)
References
Attribution
External links
1732 births
1795 deaths
Sheriffs of the City of London
18th-century lord mayors of London
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1768–1774
British MPs 1774–1780
British MPs 1780–1784
British MPs 1784–1790
British MPs 1790–1796
Kent Militia officers
Rebel () is an oil on canvas painting by German artist Georg Baselitz, created in 1965. The painting has the dimensions of 162.7 cm by 130.2 cm and is held at the Tate Modern, in London.
Description and analysis
The painting belongs to a series that Baselitz did in the 1960s depicting male characters, who tend to dominate the space of the canvas, representing archetypes, like heroes and rebels. They are related often to the recent or current situation of Germany. This figure seems inspired by the recent events of World War II, is possibly a soldier, and is shown wounded, bloody and limping, even with a smile on his face. His body appears strangely almost transparent, as it offers a glimpse of his viscous entrails. As a reference to a war, the character holds in one hand the pole of a flag, or perhaps a paintbrush, while his other hand is bandaged. The background is entirely dark, while a burning house is seen in the distance.
Baselitz's depiction appears inspired by his childhood memories of the war, while his style bears references to German Romantic depiction of heroes and heroism, and to German Expressionist denunciation of the cruelty of wars.
According to Gunter Gercken the character is "a peaceful fighter, a green hero, a partisan against war, armed not with a machine gun but with a paintbrush and palette". Instead of a hero of the past it represents a wounded and dishevelled anti-hero of his time.
References
1965 paintings
Paintings by Georg Baselitz
Portraits of men
Collection of the Tate galleries
Toremifene, sold under the brand name Fareston among others, is a medication which is used in the treatment of advanced breast cancer in postmenopausal women. It is taken by mouth.
Side effects of toremifene include hot flashes, sweating, nausea, vomiting, dizziness, vaginal discharge, and vaginal bleeding. It can also cause blood clots, irregular heartbeat, cataracts, visual disturbances, elevated liver enzymes, endometrial hyperplasia, and endometrial cancer. High blood calcium levels can occur in women with bone metastases.
The medication is a selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) and hence is a mixed agonist–antagonist of the estrogen receptor (ER), the biological target of estrogens like estradiol. It has estrogenic effects in bone, the liver, and the uterus and antiestrogenic effects in the breasts. It is a triphenylethylene derivative and is closely related to tamoxifen.
Toremifene was introduced for medical use in 1997. It was the first antiestrogen to be introduced since tamoxifen in 1978. It is available as a generic medication in the United States.
Medical uses
Toremifene is approved for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer in postmenopausal women with estrogen receptor-positive or unknown-status tumors. This is its only approved use in the United States. It shows equivalent effectiveness to tamoxifen for this indication. Toremifene has been found to be effective in the treatment of breast pain and may be a more effective medication than tamoxifen for this indication. It also has superior effects on bone mineral density and lipid profile, including levels of cholesterol and triglycerides, compared to tamoxifen. Toremifene has been reported to significantly improve symptoms of gynecomastia in men.
Available forms
Toremifene is provided in the form of 60 mg oral tablets.
Side effects
The side effects of toremifene are similar to those of tamoxifen. The most common side effect is hot flashes. Other side effects include sweating, nausea, vomiting, dizziness, vaginal discharge, and vaginal bleeding. In women with bone metastases, hypercalcemia may occur. Toremifene has a small risk of thromboembolic events. Cataracts, vision changes, and elevation of liver enzymes have been reported. The drug prolongs the QT interval and hence has a risk of potentially fatal dysrhythmias. The risk of dysrhythmias can be reduced by avoiding use in patients with hypokalemia, hypomagnesemia, pre-existing QT prolongation, and in those taking other QT-prolonging drugs. Because toremifene has estrogenic actions in the uterus, it can increase the risk of endometrial hyperplasia and endometrial cancer.
Toremifene appears to be safer than tamoxifen. It has a lower risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) (e.g., pulmonary embolism), stroke, and cataracts. The lower risk of VTE may be related to the fact tamoxifen decreases levels of the antithrombin III to a significantly greater extent than either 60 or 200 mg/day toremifene.
Interactions
Toremifene is a substrate of CYP3A4, a cytochrome P450 enzyme, and hence drugs that induce or inhibit this enzyme can respectively decrease or increase levels of toremifene in the body.
Pharmacology
Pharmacodynamics
Toremifene is a selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). That is, it is a selective mixed agonist–antagonist of the estrogen receptors (ERs), with estrogenic actions in some tissues and antiestrogenic actions in other tissues. The medication has estrogenic effects in bone, partial estrogenic effects in the uterus and liver, and antiestrogenic effects in the breasts.
The affinity of toremifene for the ER is similar to that of tamoxifen. In studies using rat ER, toremifene had about 1.4% and tamoxifen had about 1.6% of the affinity of estradiol for the ER. The affinities (Ki) of toremifene at the human ERs have been reported as 20.3 ± 0.1 nM for the ERα and 15.4 ± 3.1 nM for the ERβ. In other rat ER studies, toremifene had 3–9% of the affinity of estradiol for the ER while its metabolites N-desmethyltoremifene and 4-hydroxytoremifene had 3–5% and 64–158% of the affinity of estradiol for the ER, respectively. The affinity of another metabolite, 4-hydroxy-N-desmethyltoremifene, was not assessed. 4-Hydroxytoremifene showed about 100-fold higher antiestrogenic potency than toremifene in vitro in one study, but not in another. 4-Hydroxy-N-desmethyltoremifene has also been found to be strongly antiestrogenic in vitro. The metabolites of toremifene, particularly 4-hydroxytoremifene, may contribute importantly to the clinical activity of the medication. On the other hand, some authorities consider toremifene not to be a prodrug.
Toremifene is very similar to tamoxifen and shares most of its properties. There are some indications that toremifene may be safer than tamoxifen as it is not a hepatocarcinogen in animals and may have less potential for genotoxicity. However, clinical studies have found no significant differences between toremifene and tamoxifen, including in terms of effectiveness, tolerability, and safety, and hence the clinical use of toremifene has been somewhat limited. Toremifene is thought to have about one-third of the potency of tamoxifen; i.e., 60 mg toremifene is roughly equivalent to 20 mg tamoxifen in the treatment of breast cancer.
Toremifene has been found to have antigonadotropic effects in postmenopausal women, progonadotropic effects in men, to increase sex hormone-binding globulin levels, and to decrease insulin-like growth factor 1 levels by about 20% in postmenopausal women and men.
In addition to its activity as a SERM, 4-hydroxytoremifene is an antagonist of the estrogen-related receptor γ (ERRγ).
Pharmacokinetics
Absorption
The bioavailability of toremifene has not been precisely determined but is known to be good and has been estimated to be approximately 100%. Levels of toremifene at steady state with a dosage of 60 mg/day are 800 to 879 ng/mL. Levels of N-desmethyltoremifene at steady state with toremifene were 3,058 ng/mL at 60 mg/day, 5,942 ng/mL at 200 mg/day, and 11,913 ng/mL at 400 mg/day. Levels of 4-hydroxytoremifene at steady state with toremifene were 438 ng/mL at 200 mg/day and 889 ng/mL at 400 mg/day. Concentrations of toremifene increase linearly across a dose range of 10 to 680 mg.
Distribution
Toremifene is 99.7% bound to plasma proteins, with 92% bound specifically to albumin, about 6% to β1 globulin fraction, and about 2% to a fraction between albumin and α1 globulins. The apparent volume of distribution of toremifene ranged from 457 to 958 L.
Metabolism
Toremifene is metabolized in the liver primarily by CYP3A4 and then undergoes secondary hydroxylation. The metabolites of toremifene include N-desmethyltoremifene, 4-hydroxytoremifene, and 4-hydroxy-N-desmethyltoremifene, among others. Ospemifene (deaminohydroxytoremifene) is also a major metabolite of toremifene.
Elimination
The elimination half-life of toremifene is 3 to 7 days in healthy individuals. In people with impaired liver function, the half-life is 11 days. The elimination half-lives of the metabolites of toremifene are 5 to 21 days for N-desmethyltoremifene, 5 days for 4-hydroxytoremifene, and 4 days for ospemifene. The long elimination half-lives of toremifene and its metabolites are thought to be due to enterohepatic recirculation and high plasma protein binding. Toremifene is eliminated 70% in the feces, as metabolites.
Chemistry
Toremifene, also known as 4-chlorotamoxifen, is a derivative of triphenylethylene and a close analogue of tamoxifen. It is also closely related to afimoxifene (4-hydroxytamoxifen) and ospemifene (deaminohydroxytoremifene).
History
Toremifene was introduced in the United States in 1997. It was the first antiestrogen to be introduced in this country since tamoxifen in 1978.
Society and culture
Generic names
Toremifene is the generic name of the drug and It's and , while toremifene citrate is It's and and torémifène is its .
Brand names
Toremifene is marketed almost exclusively under the brand name Fareston.
Availability
Toremifene is marketed widely throughout the world and is available in the United States, the United Kingdom, Ireland, many other European countries, South Africa, Australia, New Zealand, and elsewhere throughout the world.
Research
Toremifene was also evaluated for prevention of prostate cancer and had the tentative brand name Acapodene.
In 2007 the pharmaceutical company GTx, Inc was conducting two different phase 3 clinical trials; First, a pivotal Phase clinical trial for the treatment of serious side effects of androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) (especially vertebral/spine fractures and hot flashes, lipid profile, and gynecomastia) for advanced prostate cancer, and second, a pivotal Phase III clinical trial for the prevention of prostate cancer in high risk men with high grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia, or PIN. Results of these trials are expected by first quarter of 2008
An NDA for the first application (relief of prostate cancer ADT side effects) was submitted in Feb 2009, and in Oct 2009 the FDA said they would need more clinical data, e.g. another phase III trial.
Ultimately, development was discontinued and toremifene was never marketed for complications associated with ADT or the treatment or prevention of prostate cancer.
Toremifene may be useful in the prevention of bicalutamide-induced gynecomastia.
Phase III Trial Results
A double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized, 3 year clinical trial of toremifene was conducted using a sample of 1,260 men. Subjects had a median age of 64 years and were diagnosed with high-grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia (HGPIN), which is considered premalignant, though Thompson and Leach feel a low grade PIN could also be deemed premalignant.
The sponsor, GTx, who designed and managed the study, found 34.7% of the placebo and 32.3% of the toremifene groups had cancer events. No distinction was found in Gleason scores of either group.
Previous murine studies using transgenic adenocarcinoma of mouse prostate (TRAMP) mice showed toremifene prevented palpable tumors in 60% of the animals. This study used toremifene as an early prophylactic, which differentiates it from the phase III human studies.
References
Further reading
External links
Toremifene - AdisInsight
Dimethylamino compounds
Hepatotoxins
Hormonal antineoplastic drugs
Organochlorides
Phenol ethers
Prodrugs
Progonadotropins
Selective estrogen receptor modulators
Triphenylethylenes
World Anti-Doping Agency prohibited substances
Joel Simkhai (born c. 1976) is an Israeli-American tech entrepreneur. He is the founder and former CEO of geosocial networking and dating apps Grindr and Blendr. His original goal in starting Grindr was for people with similar interests to find new friends nearby.
Life and career
Simkhai was born in Tel Aviv, Israel, to Iranian Jewish and Yemenite Jewish parents. His mother was a jeweler, and his father was a diamond dealer. When he was three years old, his family moved to New York City. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree in International Relations & Economics from Tufts University in May 1998. After starting college, he came out to his parents and friends. He has two brothers, who are also gay.
After college, he worked in mergers and acquisitions.
While he started with little money or expertise and never expected Grindr to become international, he became a multimillionaire CEO of an app with millions of users worldwide. In January 2018, he left Grindr after the company was sold to the Chinese gaming company Beijing Kunlun Tech.
Simkhai is a charter member of the Young Presidents' Organization.
He owns several properties, primarily residing in Los Angeles. In 2021, Dave Keuning bought a mansion that Simkhai owned in Outpost Estates.
References
1970s births
Living people
LGBT businesspeople from the United States
LGBT people from Israel
LGBT Jews
People from Tel Aviv
Tufts University alumni
Israeli businesspeople
Bozhidar Chorbadzhiyski (; born 8 August 1995) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who plays for Polish club Widzew Łódź. He is usually deployed as a centre back.
Career
CSKA Sofia
Chorbadzhiyski joined CSKA Sofia as a nine-year-old in 2004 and subsequently progressed through CSKA's academy. On 25 May 2013, he made his competitive debut as a 32nd-minute substitute for Plamen Krachunov in a 2–1 league loss against Lokomotiv Sofia at Lokomotiv Stadium. On 4 April 2014, he signed his first professional contract.
Chorbadzhiyski began to establish himself in the CSKA first team from the 2015–16 season, making 26 league appearances. He scored his first senior goal of his career in a Bulgarian Cup match against Botev Ihtiman on 9 September 2015, which CSKA won 5–0. In that season he also collected his first trophy with the club, winning the 2015–16 Bulgarian Cup.
Loan to FCSB
On 20 August 2019 Chorbadzhiyski joined Romanian club FCSB on loan until end of the year, with a buyout clause.
International career
On 26 May 2016 Chorbadzhiyski received his first call up for Bulgaria for the Kirin Cup, replacing the injured Plamen Galabov. He made his debut for the team on 6 September 2016 in a match against Luxembourg for the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification, won by Bulgaria by a score of 4:3. His second game for the team was again a qualification match for the 2018 World Cup against the Netherlands on 25 March 2017, won by Bulgaria with 2-0.
Career statistics
Club
As of 26 May 2022
International
Honours
Club
CSKA Sofia
Bulgarian Cup: 2015–16
FCSB
Cupa României: 2019–20
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Sofia
Bulgarian footballers
Bulgaria international footballers
PFC CSKA Sofia players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Association football defenders
FC Steaua București players
Stal Mielec players
Widzew Łódź players
Liga I players
Ekstraklasa players
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Poland
WXIT (1200 AM) is a radio station that broadcasts in a top 40/CHR format. Licensed to Blowing Rock, in the U.S. state of North Carolina, the station is currently owned by High Country Ventures, LLC and features programming from CBS News Radio and Westwood One.
WXIT has been granted an FCC construction permit to move to a new transmitter site, decrease day power to 4,200 watts and discontinue critical hours service.
History
After buying WJTP in 1996 and changing its letters to WECR, Steve Rondinaro's Rondinaro Broadcasting started WECR-FM (now WWMY) and added WXIT.
Aisling purchased these stations, as well as WATA and WZJS, which were owned by Highland Communication Associates. Aisling went into receivership in early 2008. George Reed of Media Services Group was appointed to manage the stations until a buyer was found.
On August 20, 2016, WXIT changed their format from news/talk to top 40/CHR, branded as "Pulse Boone", and is one of only a few stations across the country carrying current hits on an AM signal.
References
External links
XIT
Watauga County, North Carolina
XIT
Radio stations established in 1983
1983 establishments in North Carolina
Contemporary hit radio stations in the United States
Fatih Baydar (; born November 25, 1983) is a Turkish weightlifter competing in the –85 kg division.
At the 2012 European Championships held in Antalya, Turkey, he became silver medalist.
He was due to compete at the 2012 Olympic Games but was withdrawn after his A-sample tested positive for hydroxystanozolol during a drug test. He was suspended for 2 years.
Achievements
References
External links
International Weightlifting Federation
1983 births
Living people
Turkish male weightlifters
Doping cases in weightlifting
European Weightlifting Championships medalists
The 1965 Jordan League was the 18th season of Jordan Premier League, the top-flight league for Jordanian association football clubs. Al-Faisaly won its 9th title.
Overview
Al-Faisaly won the championship.
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
The Jogye Order, officially the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism (대한불교조계종, 大韓佛敎 曹溪宗), is the representative order of traditional Korean Buddhism with roots that date back 1200 years to the Later Silla National Master Doui, who brought Seon (known as Zen in the West) and the practice taught by the Sixth Patriarch, Huineng, from China around 820 CE. The name of the Order, Jogye, was adopted from the name of the village where Patriarch Huineng's home temple, Nanhua Temple, is located, ().
The Jogye as a distinct school arose in the late 11th century when Jinul sought to combine the direct practices of Korean Seon with the theological underpinnings of sutra-based Buddhist schools as well as with Pure Land Buddhism.
In 1994, the Jogye order managed 1725 temples, 10,056 clerics and had 9,125,991 adherents.
The international Kwan Um School of Zen is a Jogye school founded by Seon Master Seungsahn, 78th Patriarch, who received Dharma transmission from Seon Master Gobong.
History
The original "Nine Schools" of Seon descended from Chan Buddhism were instrumental in the development of the nation during the Later Silla and thereafter. However, during Goryeo, the Cheontae under Uicheon rose to prominence and drew away many talented monks, forcing the Seon to innovate. In response to this, Jinul and Taego Bou led major Seon movements. Jinul in particular sought to develop an order that had the direct practices of Seon as its foundation but also gave importance to sutra study and reciting the name of Amitābha as found in the Pure Land teachings. The basic precept Jinul advocated was "sudden enlightenment followed by gradual cultivation."
The Jogye was thus established as the representative Seon order until the persecution of the Joseon dynasty. Due to its inclusive nature, and emphasis on continual discipline, the Jogye gained considerable support from the military establishment, and developed across monasteries all over the Korean peninsula.
However, during the Joseon, Buddhism was repressed in favor of Neo-Confucianism. During the reign of Sejong (r. 1418-1450), two sects were formed, one of all the doctrinal schools and another of all the Seon schools. These were then temporarily disbanded under the reign of Yonsangun (r. 1494-1506), resulting in great confusion.
However, during the Japanese invasions of Korea (1592–1598), National Masters Seosan and Samyeong raised armies that protected the nation, which improved the situation of Buddhism for a time. However it was not until the political reforms of 1895 that monks were permitted in the cities again. Then in 1899, under the leadership of Seon Master Gyeongheo (1849-1912), monks petitioned from Haeinsa to reestablish the traditions and the philosophical basis for a reconstructed Buddhist order. Eventually, the Wonjong and Imjejong orders of the Linji school were founded, and attempts were made to revive the doctrinal schools and to reestablish activities in the cities, but these movements were soon suppressed during the Japanese occupation, which began in 1910.
Reaction to the occupation by Japan was mixed in the Jogye. While some collaborated with the authorities, monks such as Yongsong and Manhae led efforts to keep Korean Buddhist traditions alive. In 1921 the Sonhakwon Seon Meditation Center was established, and in 1929, a Monks' Conference of Joseon was held. In 1937, a movement for the establishment of a Central Headquarters began, which was successful with the building of the Main Buddha Hall of Jogyesa in Seoul in 1938. Finally in 1941 the Joseon Buddhism Jogye Order which was distinctly Korean and free from Japanese influence, was established. This was the first legal Buddhist order in modern Korea and the precursor of today's Jogye Order.
Following liberation from Japan in 1945, Seon monks who had preserved and cherished Korean Buddhist traditions began a purification drive to re-establish the traditional celibate orders and take back the temples from married priests, a remnant of the Japanese Occupation. Finally, in 1955 the Jogye Order was established centered on celibate monks; however, as a result of mediation between the elder monks and the government, already-married priests were also included.
On April 11, 1962 Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism was officially established with three main goals: training and education; sutra translation into Korean from Hanja; and propagation. These goals continue to guide the Jogye Order today as well. It was in 1947-1949 that a group of monks at Bongamsa began a movement advocating "Living According to the Teachings of the Buddha" and this provided the opportunity for the establishment of fundamental principles and traditions as well as the accepted ceremonies of the order.
Internal Conflicts and Scandals
In the late 1990s, a struggle broke out between two factions of the Order for who would appoint the heads of major temples in Korea. Although the court ruled in favor of the Purification and Reform Committee (PRC), the ruling was not sufficiently enforced, and fighting broke out between hundreds of monks using makeshift weaponry.
In more recent years, the Jogye Order has been beset with scandals involving gambling and sexual misconduct.
Conflicts with the Lee Myung-bak government
The Jogye Order has faced a lot of conflicts with the government led by former President Lee Myung-bak, a conservative Presbyterian Christian. The government is at odds with the Jogye Order by the decreasing of Temple Stay fundings, the lack of government recognition of the Lantern Festival, and omitted Buddhist temples, even famous ones, while marking the locations of even minor Christian churches in the new address system. After Lee's ascendence to the Presidency when the high proportion of Christians in relation to Buddhists in the public sector became known–particularly the president's cabinet, where there were 12 Christians to only one Buddhist. among other reported incidences.
In 2006, according to the Asia Times, "Lee also sent a video prayer message to a Christian rally held in the southern city of Busan in which the worship leader prayed feverishly: 'Lord, let the Buddhist temples in this country crumble down!'" Further, according to an article in Buddhist-Christian Studies: "Over the course of the last decade a fairly large number of Buddhist temples in South Korea have been destroyed or damaged by fire by misguided Protestant fundamentalists. More recently, Buddhist statues have been identified as idols, attacked and decapitated. Arrests are hard to effect, as the arsonists and vandals work by stealth of night."
Head temples
The numerous temples of the Jogye order are arranged under 24 "head temples." The head temples each oversee a district (gyogu), containing a large number of subordinate temples.
1. Jogyesa: Gyeonji Provinceng, Jongno District, central Seoul.
2. Yongjusa: Taean-eup, Hwaseong, southern Gyeonggi Province.
3. Sinheungsa: Seorak Provinceng, Sokcho, eastern Gangwon Province.
4. Woljeongsa: Jinbu-myeon, Pyeongchang County, central Gangwon Province.
5. Beopjusa: Naesongni-myeon, Boeun County, North Chungcheong Province.
6. Magoksa : Sagok-myeon, Gongju, South Chungcheong Province.
7. Sudeoksa: Deoksan-myeon, Yesan County, South Chungcheong Province.
8. Jikjisa : Daehang-myeon, Gimcheon, North Gyeongsang Province.
9. Donghwasa: Dohak Provinceng, Dong District, Daegu.
10. Eunhaesa: Cheongtong-myeon, Yeongcheon, North Gyeongsang Province.
11. Bulguksa: Jinhyeon Provinceng, Gyeongju, North Gyeongsang Province
12. Haeinsa: Gaya-myeon, Hapcheon County, South Gyeongsang Province.
13. Ssanggyesa: Hwagae-myeon, Hadong County, South Gyeongsang Province.
14. Beomeosa: Cheongnyong Provinceng, Geumjeong District, Busan.
15. Tongdosa: Habuk-myeon, Yangsan, South Gyeongsang Province.
16. Gounsa : Danchon-myeon, Uiseong County, North Gyeongsang Province.
17. Geumsansa: Geumsan-myeon, Gimje, North Jeolla Province.
18. Baegyangsa: Bukha-myeon, Jangseong County, South Jeolla Province.
19. Hwaeomsa: Masan-myeon, Gurye County, South Jeolla Province.
20. Songgwangsa: Songgwang-myeon, Suncheon, South Jeolla Province.
21. Daeheungsa: Samsan-myeon, Haenam County, South Jeolla Province.
22. Gwaneumsa: Jeju City, Jeju Province.
23. Seonunsa: Asan-myeon, Gochang County, North Jeolla Province.
24. Bongseonsa: Jinjeop-eup, Namyangju, Gyeonggi Province.
See also
Huineng, the Sixth Patriarch
Jinul, credited as the founder of Jogye Order
Taego Bou
Gyeongheo
Mangong
Hanam Jungwon
Kobong
Hyobong Sunim
Seongcheol
Seungsahn
Pohwa
Samu (sunim)
Chan Buddhism
Five Houses of Chán
Caodong school
Linji school
Korean Seon
Nine mountain schools
Taego Order
Kwan Um School of Zen
Chogye International Zen Center
Korean Buddhism
Religion in Korea
Shingumdo— a sword school that emerged from the enlightenment of a Jogye Order monk
References
External links
Official site, in Korean
Official site, in English
Kwan Um School of Zen, in English
1354 establishments in Asia
14th-century establishments in Korea
Ann Burns may refer to:
Olive Ann Burns, writer
Anne Burns, engineer and pilot
Anne Burns, linguist
See also
Anne Byrne (disambiguation)
Salsoul Records is an American New York City based record label, founded by three brothers, Joseph Cayre, Kenneth Cayre, and Stanley Cayre (the Cayre brothers). Salsoul issued about 300 singles, including many disco/post-disco 12-inch releases, and a string of albums in the 1970s and early 1980s.
The label started in business in 1974, went defunct in 1985 and was relaunched in 1992. Artists such as The Salsoul Orchestra (led by Vincent Montana Jr), Aurra, Skyy, Inner Life, Rafael Cameron, Edwin Birdsong, Instant Funk, Loleatta Holloway, Civil Attack, Double Exposure, Love Committee(Gold Mind), First Choice, Joe Bataan, The Strangers, Moment of Truth, Vaughan Mason & Butch Dayo, Carol Williams, Jocelyn Brown, and Charo were at one time part of their roster.
Bethlehem Music Company's catalogs, which included Salsoul Records, Bethlehem Records (a jazz label) and others, were licensed by Verse music group from 2010 for five years, before Verse's catalogs were bought out by BMG Rights Management in 2015.
History
Early days
The Cayre family had been involved in many entrepreneurial ventures before they manufactured and distributed 8-track tapes, which included Bethlehem Records, in the early 1970s. They had purchased some catalogs of Mexican music to distribute, and infringed on the copyrights of CBS Records and RCA Records by selling them in the United States. They acquired a license for North American distribution for some of CBS's Latino catalog. This led to recording sessions that were distributed by CBS. When CBS was unable to increase profits, the rights reverted to the Cayres.
Origin of name
The label's name was conceived by artist Joe Bataan, who recorded some of the earliest sessions for the Cayre brothers before the label's formation. "Salsoul" was street lingo for the musical culture of urban Latinos who were listening to soul music and combining it with salsa music. Bataan chose the name for an LP he made for the Cayre brothers. Bataan had the first single, "The Bottle", and album, Afro-filipino, on the initial Salsoul label released through Epic, before a deal with RCA.
1970s: Influence from Philly soul
Ken Cayre sought session musicians to play Philly soul. He worked with the key session players for Gamble and Huff's Philadelphia International Records label and its predecessor, Gamble-Huff Productions, founding members of the MFSB Orchestra on Philadelphia International.
Gamble and Huff were in dispute with their key musicians over business matters and Salsoul quickly took the chance to put them under contract. Among these Philly soul artists were Vince Montana (orchestral arrangements and vibes), Norman Harris (lead and rhythm guitar, arrangements, songwriting and production), Ronnie Baker (bass guitar, arrangement and production), Earl Young (drums and percussion), Bunny Sigler and others. Baker, Harris and Young are now widely credited with crystallizing the sound and structure of a disco record.
Earl Young's 16 beat of the hi-hat cymbal originated a staple 70s disco beat for dancers. Baker would create a thunderous bass sound, exemplified on the record "Love is the Message" by MFSB.
Baker, Harris and Young had the girl group First Choice under contract and they brought them along to Salsoul. Led by Rochelle Fleming, the group had success on the Philly Groove label with Armed and Extremely Dangerous (1973), which Salsoul acquired and would re-release among its classic catalogue in the 1990s. For Salsoul, First Choice would record "Dr. Love" (1977) and "Let No Man Put Asunder".
Montana wrote, arranged, and produced second single and the first Salsoul hit, "Salsoul Hustle" (1975) by the newly formed Salsoul Orchestra, which included members of the Philly session players. During the following years, the label enjoyed a string of hits, but Salsoul's biggest successes came in the later years, as the company moved from disco to funk. Instant Funk reached the top of the Billboard R&B chart (No. 20 pop) in 1979 with "Got My Mind Made Up", a million-seller produced by Bunny Sigler, with the group's follow-up album also going gold. Cayre brothers also produced Flashlight (Philly Groove Records).
According to Ken Cayre, it was his exposure to early discothèques that gave him the idea to record music for the dance market. Salsoul released the first commercially available 12-inch single, Double Exposure's "Ten Percent", in 1976. Salsoul was affected by the disco backlash of 1979, but it was one of the few labels to survive after the death of disco. It continued to release new material until 1984, when the Cayre brothers shut down their recorded music operations to concentrate on the home video business, such as GoodTimes Entertainment.
1980s
Skyy made it to No. 1 R&B in 1981 with "Call Me" (No. 26 pop) and Aurra climbed to No. 6 R&B in the same year with their release, "Make Up Your Mind" (No. 71 pop). Sigler also reached the R&B top 10 in 1978 with his solo single "Let Me Party With You" (No. 8 R&B, No. 43 pop) on the Gold Mind subsidiary.
The Cayres recorded at the same studios, Sigma Sound, as Gamble & Huff in Philadelphia. It was one of the earliest facilities to install 24-track equipment and owned a "live roos" for small orchestras. Many of the remixes and singles were mixed or recorded by Bob Blank at his studio.
Revival
In 1992, Salsoul Records was revived as Salsoul New Generation Records (also known as Double J Records). Because of the resurgent interest prompted by Loleatta Holloway's "Love Sensation", Black Box's "Ride On Time" & Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch's "Good Vibrations" in the late 1980s and early 1990s, the label's catalogue was digitally remastered. Two volumes of remix albums were also issued the same year.
More than a year beforehand, also in "Ride on Time" by House pioneers Black Box, which was at first criticised by fans of vintage Salsoul and Ms. Holloway herself, but after legal matters were settled, many lauded the Italian DJ group for exposing an entire new generation to the Salsoul Sound. A year after revival, Salsoul changed its name to Bethlehem Music Company, but it still used Salsoul as an imprint, with Bethlehem Music Company focusing on releasing Salsoul material and also Bethlehem's jazz recordings.
In 1992 and 1993 Salsoul sub-label Double J released two volumes of remixes (Synergy and Rhythm) by contemporary house-music artists.
See also
List of record labels
Prelude Records
References
External links
Ken Cayre interview
American record labels
Record labels established in 1974
Record labels disestablished in 1985
Record labels established in 1992
Re-established companies
Post-disco record labels
"Me Gusta" (English: "I Like") is a song recorded by Romanian singer Inna. Written by Inna and produced by David Ciente, the track was released for digital download and streaming on 14 February 2018 by Roton and Empire Music Management. "Me Gusta" is a Spanish language song, featuring an electronic production and beat drops. A reviewer noted an Asian sound. Lyrically, Inna admires a man's presence and dance abilities.
Music critics were positive towards "Me Gusta", praising its production and catchiness, and predicting its commercial success. An accompanying music video for the song was uploaded onto Inna's official YouTube channel on 13 February 2018 to positive response. Shot by Barna Nemethi, it shows Inna performing to the track on streets of Bucharest and Barcelona. Prior to the single's release, Inna sang "Me Gusta" on Romanian radio station Radio ZU. Commercially, it peaked at number 89 in Romania.
Background and release
"Me Gusta" was solely written by Inna, while production was handled by David Ciente. The singer previously worked with Ciente on "Gimme Gimme" (2017) and "Ruleta" (2017). It is a Spanish language song, featuring an electronic production and beat drops; David Moreno of 20 minutos wrote that "Me Gusta" was influenced by Asian music. Lyrically, the track's lyrics revolve around "Inna lik[ing] this guy when he's dancing, and she hasn't felt this way about him for some time, and that his dancing always cheers her up", as noted by a reviewer.
"Me Gusta" was digitally made available as a single on 14 February 2018 (Valentine's Day) by Roton and Empire Music Management. Fans and publications originally expected it to be released before "Ruleta", due to a live performance for radio station Radio ZU in April 2017.
Critical reception
Music critics gave generally positive reviews of "Me Gusta". Europa FM pointed out the summery nature and catchiness of the song, while Filip Stan of România TV predicted its commercial success. Jonathan Currinn, writing for CelebMix, praised the track's lyrics: "These lyrics are chant-worthy from start to finish and it makes every single listener wish they could sing this song at the top of their lungs." Kevin Apaza, writing for Direct Lyrics, praised "Me Gusta" production, drops and "summery, festive" vibe, but slightly criticized its composition. He further suggested that the track should have been released during the summer season to fit its message. Although he did not entirely enjoy the song at the first listen, Moreno of 20 minutos lauded its sound and the singer's "impertinent" voice and noted the track's "warmth".
Music video
An accompanying music video for "Me Gusta" was uploaded to Inna's official YouTube channel on 13 February 2018. It was filmed in Bucharest, Romania and Barcelona, Spain by Barna Nemethi, whom the singer had previously collaborated with on the visuals for "Good Time" (2014), "Yalla" (2016) and "Ruleta". Marius Apopei and John Perez were credited as the clip's directors of photography, while Anca Buldur and Adonis Enache performed make-up and hair styling. Clothes were procured by RDStyling, including pride platform shoes and an animal print waistcoat.
Reviewers gave positive reviews of the clip. Direct Lyrics's Apaza praised its summery vibe and described its plot: "The visual sees the Romanian pop singer spending the day in a coastal town by the port, the beach promenade, and wandering throughout some picturesque streets." Currinn from CelebMix wrote: "Considering the content of the lyrics, we could have only hoped for a full-on choreography dance music video, instead we got Inna's typical sultry and sexy visual where she lets loose and has some fun in front of the camera." Currinn further praised the clip's styling and fashion, and saw it as a response to critics directed at Inna's weight gain. 24 hours after its release, the music video gathered nearly one million views on YouTube, followed by two million in four days.
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from InfoMusic and YabbMusic.
Composing and technical credits
Elena Alexandra Apostoleanu – lead vocals, composer
David Ciente – producer
Visual credits
Marius Apopei – director of photography
Anca Buldur – make-up
Adonis Enache – hair styling
Barna Nemethi – music video director
John Perez – director of photography
RDStyling – clothes prosecutor
Charts
Release history
References
2018 singles
2018 songs
Inna songs
Music videos shot in Spain
Spanish-language songs
Songs written by Inna
Maharashtra Major State Highway 9 also MSH 9 is a Major State Highway that runs south through Nagpur, and Chandrapur districts in the state of Maharashtra. This state highway touches numerous cities and villages VIZ. Nagpur, Umred, Nagbhid, Mul and Chandrapur. Tadoba Andhari Tiger Project and Umred Karhandla Wildlife Sanctuary are along with this highway.
Summary
This highway is one of the important highway in Maharashtra state for transportation. Most of the part is passing through the forest area.
Route description
Below is the brief summary of the route followed by this state highway.
Nagpur District
This highway starts off from intersection of Great Nag Road at Samrat Ashoka Square in Nagpur city and proceeds south west towards Umred city in Umred taluka and enter in Bhivapur taluka until Chandrapur district.
Chandrapur District
This highway proceeds south towards Nagbhid city in Nagbhid taluka and enter in Chimur taluka, Mul taluka proceeds west towards Chandrapur city.
Major junctions
National highways
Also National Highway 353D (India)
Outer Ring Road, Nagpur which provide connectivity to National Highway 53 (India)(old numbering), NH-7 and NH 47 near Vhirgoan village.
State highways
State Highway SH 3 Near NH44.
Connections
Many villages, cities and towns in various districts are connected by this state highway.
Nagpur District
Chandrapur District
See also
List of State Highways in Maharashtra
References
State Highways in Maharashtra
State Highways in Nagpur District
Hutysche (, , also known as Huta Oleska or Huta Olejska) is a village in Zolochiv Raion, Lviv Oblast, Ukraine. It belongs to Zolochiv urban hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Hutysche is located on the road to Zolochiv. In 2001, it had 114 residents.
Before the Nazi German and Soviet invasions of Poland, it was located in Second Polish Republic. The village was a site of massacres of Poles in Volhynia by the Ukrainian OUN-UPA between 1942 and 1945. In October 1944 and in December 1944 Christmas Eve raids, Zygmunt Konopka and Józef Gabinski were executed there.
Polish villagers of Hucisko have been noted for harboring Jews trying to escape the Nazi German Holocaust.
References
External links
Władysław Kubów, Terroryzm na Podolu Warsaw, 2003
Naczelna Dyrekcja Archiwow Panstwowych
Villages in Zolochiv Raion, Lviv Oblast
Holocaust locations in Ukraine
Anthony Daniels (born 1946) is an English actor.
Anthony or Tony Daniels may also refer to:
Anthony Daniels (born 1949), with pen name Theodore Dalrymple, British psychiatrist and writer
Anthony Daniels (politician) (born 1982), member of the Alabama House of Representatives
Tony Daniels (born 1963), Canadian voice actor
Tony Daniels (baseball) (Frederick Clinton Daniels) (1923-2005), American baseball player
Robert Anthony Daniels (born 1957), Canadian Roman Catholic Bishop
See also
Daniel Anthony (disambiguation)
The Soviet women's football championship were mass competitions among women's football teams in the Soviet Union and were conducted by the Football Federation of the Soviet Union. The championship consisted of three tiers (Higher, First and Second leagues) with each having two or more groups.
Football competitions among women were conducted before, but in 1990 there was established an official championship. In 1989 there took place competitions among teams of trade unions involving some 60 teams. After two seasons the championship was discontinued due to dissolution of the Soviet Union. Most of the Russian-based clubs formed the new Russian Women's Football Championship; clubs based in former Soviet republics based in Europe formed their own leagues, while those in Central Asia either dissolved or moved to Russia, as local federations did not allow women's football for many years, or none at all to date.
Champions
See also
Russian Women's Football Championship, successor.
References
External links
Soviet women's football championship at RSSSF
women
Women's League
1991 disestablishments in the Soviet Union
Defunct top level women's association football leagues in Europe
The 2004 Paris–Tours was the 98th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 10 October 2004. The race started in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines and finished in Tours. The race was won by Erik Dekker of the Rabobank team.
General classification
References
2004 in French sport
2004
2004 UCI Road World Cup
October 2004 sports events in Europe
2004 in road cycling
The Naval Air Command Sub Aqua Club (NACSAC) was an organization within the Royal Navy that oversaw sports, technical diving training activities for naval aviation, and fleet units. Today, it has branches at RNAS Culdrose (HMS Seahawk), and RNAS Yeovilton (HMS Heron). Both bases provide training, and club members regularly dive in their local areas on weekends. Diving instruction, from beginner to advanced level, is offered under the auspices of the British Sub-Aqua Club. In 2005, NAC-SAC was closed down as an organization in favour of a Royal Navy Sub Aqua Club, which is what Lieut. Graham and CPO Larn had wanted from the outset of NAC-SAC, which was only given that title since HMS Vernon, the RN Diving School at Portsmouth, would not support the idea of sport diving within the service.
History
In the early 1960s, a group of chief petty officers from the Naval Air Command formed amateur diving clubs and mounted annual expeditions. These clubs were first based at the naval air stations of Portland (HMS Osprey), Culdrose, and Yeovilton and conducted diving under the auspices of an umbrella organization which became known as the "Naval Air Command Sub Aqua Club" (NACSAC). The club's first chairman was Lieutenant Roy Graham (1924–2007), an engineer officer who had begun his diving career aboard the aircraft carrier . Whilst in Gibraltar, he was in charge of diving training on this ship. Following a shallow water diving course with 24 entrants and only himself and a Royal Air Force medical officer finishing the rigorous training, Graham became the only Fleet Air Arm officer with a naval diving qualification.
Chief Petty Office Richard Larn was the organization's Diving Officer from its formation in 1960, who, apart from a period on HMS Bulwark in 1967-68, continued to organize training and expeditions until his retirement from the navy in 1971. One of the club's first projects was to send a team of divers to the Isles of Scilly to find an historic Royal Navy ship, HMS Association, a 90-gun ship of the line lost in the great naval disaster in 1707. In 1964 about ten NACSAC members - including the shipwreck expert and writer, Chief Petty Officer Richard Larn - arrived on Sicily, believed to be only the second group of divers to visit the area. Their initial dives began a series of navy visits that continued for four years. In 1964, 1965 and 1966 the
divers could only access the Western Rocks, but barely around the Gilstone Ledge, where a later expedition managed to locate the wreck of in 1967. The rediscovery of the site also led to more government legislation, notably the Protection of Wrecks Act 1973, passed in an attempt to preserve British historic wreck sites as part of the maritime heritage.
The annual expeditions, organization to promote diving as an exciting sport, have become a key focus of NAC-SAC activities. Despite changes to the Royal Navy Fleet command structure, NAC-SAC flourished and at one time had branches in seven Fleet Arm Arm bases until superseded by the Royal Navy Sub Aqua Club.
References
External links
NACSAC on the UK Ministry of Defence website
NACSAC's heraldic emblem as a Royal Navy unit
Navy News report on NACSAC activities in 2002
Armed forces diving
Diver organizations
Diving clubs
Naval aviation units and formations of the United Kingdom
Sport in Somerset
Underwater diving in the United Kingdom
The 1964–65 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 54th since its establishment.
League table
References
1964–65 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
Ride is a 2009 Indian Telugu-language action romance film starring Nani, Aksha Pardasany, Tanish and Shweta Basu Prasad. It was directed by Ramesh Varma and produced by Bellamkonda Suresh. Prominent singer Hemachandra composed the film's music. The film was released on 5 June 2009 and was a Box Office success.
Plot
Arjun (Nani), an engineering college student, longs for a bike. However, his father (Ahuti Prasad) does not fulfill his wish. Mahesh (Tanish), hailing from a middle-class family, has two sisters. His father (Y. Kasi Viswanath) is a retired man, and his family survives on his pension. Mahesh wants to help his father and searches for a job. He gets a job in Kapil Chit Funds as a collection agent, but the manager puts a condition that Mahesh should have a two-wheeler. Mahesh's mother (Tulasi) sells off some silver articles, and he purchases a bike to join the job. One day, Mahesh's father suffers a stroke, and Mahesh loses his bike while bringing medicines. Though he lodges a police complaint, it is of no avail. Mahesh goes jobless without the bike. One day Mahesh finds Arjun riding his bike, and they fight with each other for the bike. Mahesh learns that Arjun has purchased the bike in a black market after winning a bike race. They finally come to an understanding on the advice of a pandit to use the bike to suit the convenience of each other by dividing the day. They keep their promise and use the bike judiciously.
One day, some goons attack Arjun and gravely injure him. Mahesh, who finds him in an unconscious state, admits him in the hospital and informs Arjun's parents. After that incident, both Arjun and Mahesh become friends. At this juncture, their bike goes missing again. The person who stole their bike calls them and plays tricks upon them. Arjun and Mahesh learn that he is the brother of Arjun's girlfriend Puja (Aksha Pardasany) and he is in love with Mahesh's girlfriend Rani (Shweta Basu Prasad). He tries to take revenge against the two boys by playing with their bike. In the climax, Arjun decides to participate in a motorcycle race and get the bike as a prize to present it to Mahesh as it is a necessity for him. Mahesh too wants to get back the bike from the person who stole the bike as Arjun has a passion for the bike. Each of them try in their own way and get two bikes. The film ends on a happy note as the problem gets solved, but they keep exchanging their bikes as usual and continue their friendship.
Cast
Nani as Arjun
Aksha Pardasany as Puja
Tanish as Mahesh
Swetha Basu Prasad as Rani
Adarsh Balakrishna as Gaja
Ahuti Prasad as Arjun's father
Y. Kasi Viswanath as Mahesh's father
Tulasi as Mahesh's mother
Praveen as Mahesh's friend
Narasimha as Arjun's friend
Shyamala as Rani's friend
Brahmanandam
Sudha
Hema
Navdeep in a special appearance
Soundtrack
The Music Was Composed By Vedala Hemachandra and Released by Aditya Music. This was Vedala Hemachandra's first film as composer. The Music was released in a function held at Hotel Green Park, Hyderabad on May 14, 2009.
Awards
Fight masters Ram and Lakshman won Nandi Award for Best Action Sequences.
References
External links
2009 films
2000s Telugu-language films
Films directed by Ramesh Varma
Sarah Vaughan Sings Broadway: Great Songs from Hit Shows is a 1958 studio album by Sarah Vaughan.
The album was arranged by Hal Mooney, supervised by Bob Shad.
Track listing and original shows
Disc One
"A Tree in the Park" (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) - 2:43 - Peggy-Ann (1926)
"Little Girl Blue" (Rodgers, Hart) - 3:51 - Jumbo (1935)
"Comes Love" (Lew Brown, Charles Tobias, Sam H. Stept) - 2:34 - Yokel Boy (1939)
"But Not for Me" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) - 3:27 - Girl Crazy (1930)
"My Darling, My Darling" (Frank Loesser) - 3:21 - Where's Charley? (1948)
"Lucky in Love" (Ray Henderson, B.G. DeSylva, Brown) - 1:55 - Good News (1937)
"Autumn in New York" (Vernon Duke) - 3:20 - Thumbs Up (1934)
"It Never Entered My Mind" (Rodgers, Hart) - 3:42 - Higher and Higher (1940)
"If This Isn't Love" (Burton Lane, Yip Harburg) - 2:11 - Finian's Rainbow (1947)
"The Touch of Your Hand" (Jerome Kern, Otto Harbach) - 2:16 - Roberta (1933)
"Homework" (Irving Berlin) - 3:15 - Miss Liberty (1949)
"Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered" (Rodgers, Hart) - 3:31 - Pal Joey (1940)
"Dancing In the Dark" (Arthur Schwartz, Howard Dietz) - 2:37 - The Band Wagon (1931)
"September Song" (Kurt Weill, Maxwell Anderson) - 3:04 - Knickerbocker Holiday (1938)
"A Ship Without a Sail" (Rodgers, Hart) - 3:25 - Heads Up! (1933)
"Lost in the Stars" (Weill, Anderson) - 3:39 - Lost in the Stars (1949)
"It's Got to Be Love" (Rodgers, Hart) - 2:28 - On Your Toes (1936)
"All the Things You Are" (Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II) - 3:09 - Very Warm for May (1939)
Disc Two
"Poor Butterfly" (John Golden, John Raymond Hubbell) - 3:32 - The Big Show (1916)
"Let's Take an Old-Fashioned Walk" (Irving Berlin) - 2:25 - Miss Liberty (1949)
"My Heart Stood Still" (Rodgers, Hart) - 3:03 - A Connecticut Yankee (1927)
"He's Only Wonderful" (Sammy Fain, Harburg) - 3:21 - Flahooley (1951)
"They Say It's Wonderful" (Berlin) - 3:01 - Annie Get Your Gun (1947)
"My Ship" (I. Gershwin, Weill) - 2:55 - Lady in the Dark (1941)
"You're My Everything" (Mort Dixon, Harry Warren, Joe Young) - 2:53 - The Laugh Parade (1931)
"Can't We Be Friends?" (Paul James, Kay Swift) - 3:26 - The Little Show (1929)
"Love Is a Random Thing" (Fain, George Marion, Jr.) - 2:52 - Toplitzky of Notre Dame (1946)
"If I Loved You" (Hammerstein, Rodgers) - 3:28 - Carousel (1946)
"It's De-Lovely" (Cole Porter) - 2:46 - Red, Hot and Blue (1936)
"It's Love" (Leonard Bernstein, Betty Comden, Adolph Green) - 2:05 - Wonderful Town (1953)
"And This Is My Beloved" (George Forrest, Robert C. Wright) - 3:03 - Kismet (1953)
"Mr. Wonderful" (Jerry Bock, Larry Holofcener, George David Weiss) - 2:48 - Mr. Wonderful (1955)
"Don't Look at Me That Way" (Porter) - 2:16 - Paris (1928)
"I Loved Him (But He Didn't Love Me)" (Porter) - 3:21 - Wake Up and Dream (1929)
References
1958 albums
Sarah Vaughan albums
Albums arranged by Hal Mooney
Mercury Records albums
Gale "Tiger" Shaw III (born August 24, 1961 in Morrisville, Vermont), better known as Tiger Shaw, is an American former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics and 1988 Winter Olympics.
On March 3, 2014 Shaw became President and CEO of the United States Ski and Snowboard Association, the Olympic National Governing Body for skiing and snowboarding. Tiger is married to his wife, Kristin Shaw, both of whom are graduates of Dartmouth College. They have three kids; Kara, 30, Conrad (son-in-law) 31, Gunnar, 29, and Eva, 24. Tiger's brother Andrew "Beach" Shaw was also a successful collegiate ski racer, winning the NCAA GS title for the University of Vermont in 1984. His parents are Mary Janet Shaw and Gale Shaw Jr. Tiger grew up in Stowe, Vermont, with his brother and his sister, Dani Shaw Virtue. Tiger now resides with his family in Park City, Utah after living in Hanover, New Hampshire for over twenty years. Shaw was named one of Sports Illustrated's 50 Greatest Sports Figures from Vermont in 1999.
References
1961 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Vermont
American male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the United States
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Medic to Medic is a UK registered charity supporting trainee health workers in developing countries with the costs of their education.
History
The aim of the Medic to Medic is to guarantee the tuition fees for healthcare students who have academic potential, but are in financial need in developing countries. With this consistency of income, students are able to focus on their studies until graduation.
Medic to Medic links student health workers in developing countries to international donors. In this way, they function along the lines of “sponsor a child” schemes run by well-known charities. Of note, although individual students are linked to donors, donations are pooled so that even if a donor withdraws, no student is left disadvantaged. At first, donors were mostly health professionals (hence “Medic to Medic”), but now include many members of the public as well.
Students send their linked sponsor regular updates on their progress. This can then develop into a correspondence if the donor so wishes. Students are supported with tuition fees and other necessary allowances as well as being given a medical equipment pack and textbooks so that they have everything they need to reach their FULL potential and successfully qualify as health workers in their home country. As of September 2021, over 62 students are being supported with a graduate alumnus of over 140 health professionals.
Medic to Medic has expanded from sponsoring only medical students to sponsoring a whole range of trainee health professionals, from one country to three and from one university to six. This has all been thanks to donors, fundraisers, supporters, partner institutions and a fantastically enthusiastic team.
See also
Education in Malawi
Education in Uganda
References
External links
Medical education
Health charities in the United Kingdom
is a train station in Ube, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Ube Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1923
John Baldock was an association footballer who played for Queens Park Rangers F.C. between 1913 and 1920, including during the First World War. He made 143 appearances as a half back during his time at the club.
References
General
Specific
Queens Park Rangers F.C. players
English footballers
Association football wing halves
Year of birth missing
Estadio Agustín Tovar, also known as Estadio La Carolina, is a multi-purpose stadium in Barinas, Venezuela. It is currently used mostly for football matches and it is the home stadium of Zamora FC. The stadium holds 30,000 people and was completed in 2007.
This stadium was re-built to increase its capacity from 12,000 people up to 30,000.
Copa América 2007
The stadium was one of the venues of the Copa América 2007, and held the following matches:
External links
StadiumDB images
References
Agustin Tovar
Agustin Tova
Multi-purpose stadiums in Venezuela
Buildings and structures in Barinas (state)
2007 establishments in Venezuela
Khyad village is in Badami taluk in Bagalkot District in North Karnataka, popular for prehistoric structures,
found many fossils of prehistoric Stone Age.
In 1873 Robert Bruise (researcher) discovered this area.
From Deccan College Pune many researchers, archaeologists and students undertook research and found information related to prehistoric era. In association with Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) - Mysore division excavation department, the research students from Delhi discovered several stone weapons.
The district administration is committed to protect the heritage site.
See also
Sidlaphadi
Hirebenkal
Sanganakallu
Anegundi
Kupgal petroglyphs
Prehistoric rock art
South Asian Stone Age
Sonda
Byse
References
Archaeological sites in Karnataka
Prehistoric art
Rock shelters
Neolithic
Burial monuments and structures
Prehistoric India
Archaeology of death
Rock art in India
Ashton Delilah Shepherd (born August 16, 1986) is an American country music singer-songwriter. She was first signed to Universal Music Group Nashville's MCA Nashville division in April 2007. Her 2008 debut album Sounds So Good produced two top 40 hits on the Hot Country Songs charts: "Takin' Off This Pain" and the title track. In 2011, she released her second album, Where Country Grows, which includes the top 20 hit "Look It Up".
Biography
Ashton Shepherd was born in Coffeeville, Alabama, United States. She began singing at an early age, and started writing songs at age five. By age eight, she had entered her first talent competition, where she sang Patsy Cline songs, and soon afterward, she began performing at various local venues as well. Her parents helped her finance a self-titled CD, which she released independently at age fifteen. In June 2006, she entered and won a talent contest in Gilbertown, Alabama. The prize was being the opening act for Lorrie Morgan in concert. Shepherd won the opening slot, and while performing as Morgan's opener, she was spotted by a representative of MCA Nashville Records, who then signed her to the label in April 2007.
Her debut single, "Takin' Off This Pain," was released in September 2007, the same month in which she made her debut on the Grand Ole Opry. The song, which peaked at No. 20 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, was the first single from her debut album Sounds So Good, which was produced by Buddy Cannon and released on March 4, 2008. She also appeared on CMT's Unplugged at Studio 330 television program and subsequent interview March 5, 2008. The album's second single, its title track, was released in May 2008 and peaked at No. 21.
Shepherd's third single, "Look It Up," was released to country radio on January 3, 2011, as the lead-off single to her second album for MCA Nashville, Where Country Grows. It debuted at number 56 on the country charts for chart week ending January 15, 2011. The song entered the Top 40 of the charts in its third week and became her second Top 20 hit on the chart, reaching a peak of number 19 in May 2011. The title track was released as the second and final single from the album, and reached a peak of number 42 on the charts, becoming her first single to miss the Top 30. Shepherd parted ways with MCA Nashville in mid-2012.
Shepherd also performed backup vocals on "Tailgate Blues", a track on Luke Bryan's 2011 album, Tailgates & Tanlines.
After ending her relationship with MCA Nashville, Shepherd started her own company to pursue releasing music independently. Her third studio album, This Is America, was released on August 16, 2013, via Shepherd's own Pickin' Shed Records. The title track was released as the lead single in July 2013.
Shepherd released her fourth studio album, Out of My Pocket, on June 14, 2016.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
A "Takin' Off This Pain" and "Sounds So Good" did not enter the Hot 100, but peaked at number 16 on Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles.
Music videos
Other appearances
References
External links
Ashton Shepherd at UMG Nashville
1986 births
People from Clarke County, Alabama
American women country singers
American country singer-songwriters
Living people
MCA Records artists
21st-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
Country musicians from Alabama
Singer-songwriters from Alabama
Wired is a 2008 three-part television miniseries starring Jodie Whittaker, Laurence Fox and Toby Stephens. It debuted on ITV at 9:00pm on Monday, 13 October 2008, and was shown over three consecutive weeks. The complete series was released on DVD on 10 November 2008.
Plot
Single mother and bank employee Louise Evans (Jodie Whittaker) finds herself blackmailed by a former bank employee with documents reveal that she and a former partner stole £3,000 from a former employer. The boyfriend of her best friend, Philip Manningham (Laurence Fox), plans to defraud £250m from ZBG Banking, the company from which he was sacked, and after he threatens Louise she agrees to help him pull off an Internet scam. Meanwhile, Detective Crawford Hill (Toby Stephens) is working undercover in an attempt to expose the fraud ring and after a chance meeting with Louise, he realises she is involved and is key to him cracking the case. However, their relationship soon threatens to compromise everything and places Louise in mortal danger.
Cast
Jodie Whittaker as Louise Evans
Laurence Fox as Philip Manningham
Toby Stephens as DI Crawford Hill
Riz Ahmed as Manesh Kunzru
Charlie Brooks as Anna Hansen
Sacha Dhawan as Ben Chandrakar
Ramon Tikaram as Yusuf Ralindi
Iain McKee as Nick Benson
Katy Cavanagh as DS Polly Stuart
Helena Fox as Erica Wilson
Episodes
References
External links
2008 British television series debuts
2008 British television series endings
2000s British drama television series
ITV television dramas
2000s British television miniseries
Television series by ITV Studios
Television shows produced by Granada Television
English-language television shows
Television shows set in Liverpool
Television shows set in Manchester
The 15th Military Police Brigade, stationed at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, is an active duty United States Army corrections and detention brigade under the United States Army Corrections Command.
History
Originally stationed in Germany, the 15th Military Police Brigade was the first military police brigade activated in the U.S. Army, only to be deactivated in 1976. On 28 Sept 2010, the United States Army Correctional Brigade was reflagged as the 15th Military Police Brigade.
Subordinate units
40th Military Police Battalion (Detention), which oversees operations of the U.S. Disciplinary Barracks.
705th Military Police Battalion (Detention), which oversees operations of the Joint Regional Correctional Facility.
References
External links
U.S. Army in Europe: 15th Military Police Brigade
015
Military units and formations established in 1965
Kosovica is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 159 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Villages in Serbia
A flounder house is a term used in some areas to describe a type of house with a roof with a single slope, rather than the double slope of gabled roof. Some are oriented so that the shed roof runs perpendicular to the facade, in these tallest wall of the house lacks windows and doors. The house may align with a property edge, sit at the back of its lot, or align with other houses on its street. Others have a different number of apparent stories on the facade and the rear elevation, with the ridge line running parallel the facade.
Though modern examples exist, most flounder houses date from the 18th or 19th century. They can be found in cities in the United States from the Mississippi River Valley to the East Coast.
The flounder house's namesake is the similarly asymmetrical flounder fish.
Origin
The motivation for building flounder houses is debated. Common folklore follow one of three themes: "a result of an early restrictive building ordinance, the original owner's plan for future expansion, or a desire to reduce property taxes."
In fact, shed roofed buildings are often simply the cheapest to construct.
Residents of various cities with shed-roofed houses believe that these houses are indigenous to their city.
Examples
Shed-roof houses can be found across the United States, including in St Louis, Missouri; Cincinnati, Ohio; Pittsburgh and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Charleston, South Carolina; Fredericksburg and Alexandria, Virginia; Baltimore, Maryland; New Castle, Delaware; and Boston, Massachusetts. The term "flounder", though, is not used in most of these locations.
277 flounder houses have been cataloged in St. Louis, Missouri as of July 2015. The Cassey House is a flounder house in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
In 1960, Alexandria, Virginia, may have had 75 flounder houses, dramatically fewer than the 1500 flounder houses estimated to have existed there in the 19th century. A parsonage built in 1787 claims the distinction of the oldest flounder house in Alexandria.
Legacy
The Cultural Resources Office of St. Louis began a survey in 2015, in order to better preserve the city's flounder houses. Individuals have also taken interest in flounder houses, sometimes incorporating historical houses into modern renovations.
In The Carlisle Chronicles, a 1986 mystery trilogy by Norma Johnston, the protagonists' family lives in a flounder house designed to avoid a glass tax.
See also
Cassey House
Flounder House at the Old Presbyterian Meeting House
Marine Villa, St. Louis
Architecture of St. Louis
List of house styles
List of house types
References
American architectural styles
House styles
House types
A vector operator is a differential operator used in vector calculus. Vector operators are defined in terms of del, and include the gradient, divergence, and curl:
The Laplacian is
Vector operators must always come right before the scalar field or vector field on which they operate, in order to produce a result. E.g.
yields the gradient of f, but
is just another vector operator, which is not operating on anything.
A vector operator can operate on another vector operator, to produce a compound vector operator, as seen above in the case of the Laplacian.
See also
del
d'Alembertian operator
Further reading
H. M. Schey (1996) Div, Grad, Curl, and All That: An Informal Text on Vector Calculus, .
Vector calculus
The 2015–16 Rutgers Scarlet Knights men's basketball team represented Rutgers University–New Brunswick during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Scarlet Knights, led by third year head coach Eddie Jordan, played their home games at the Louis Brown Athletic Center as second year members of the Big Ten Conference. They finished the season 7–25, 1–17 in Big Ten play to finishing in last place. They lost in the first round of the Big Ten Tournament to Nebraska.
Following the season, head coach Eddie Jordan was fired. He finished at Rutgers with a three-year record of 29–68.
Previous season
The Scarlet Knights finished the 2014-15 Season 10–22, 2–16 in Big Ten play to finish in last place. They lost in the first round of the Big Ten Tournament to Minnesota.
Departures
Incoming transfers
2015 signing class
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=|Big Ten regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Big Ten Conference Tournament
See also
2015–16 Rutgers Scarlet Knights women's basketball team
References
Rutgers Scarlet Knights men's basketball seasons
Rutgers
2015 in sports in New Jersey
2016 in sports in New Jersey
Alexey Matveyevich Olovnikov (; born 10 October 1936 in Vladivostok, Russia) is a Russian biologist. In 1971, he was the first to recognize the problem of telomere shortening, to predict the existence of telomerase, and to suggest the telomere hypothesis of aging and the relationship of telomeres to cancer.
Despite this discovery, he was not awarded a share of the 2009 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, awarded for the discovery of the enzyme and its biological significance. In 2009 he was awarded Demidov Prize of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
References
WNYC RadioLab Episode on Mortality
1936 births
Biogerontologists
Russian biologists
Soviet biologists
20th-century biologists
Scientists from Vladivostok
Living people
Demidov Prize laureates
Moscow State University alumni
Employees of the Gamaleya Research Institute of Epidemiology and Microbiology
Romsdalshornet is a mountain in the municipality of Rauma in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. The mountain is located southeast of the town of Åndalsnes, along the Rauma River in the Romsdalen valley. The Rauma railway line and the European route E136 highway both pass by the mountain. The mountain Store Venjetinden lies east of the mountain and to the west (across the valley) lies the mountain Store Trolltind—part of the Troll Wall/Trollryggen ridge.
Romsdalshornet is a popular mountain for climbing, which is best done in late summer. Descent by rappel is recommended.
History
The first "official" ascent was 1 September 1881 by the Danish climber, Carl Hall, together with Norwegians, Erik Norahagen and Mathias Soggemoen. They arrived only to discover a cairn set up by Christen Smed and Hans Bjermeland around 1828. Previously none believed Romsdalshornet had really summitted until Hall discovered their cairn.
Arne Randers Heen made the first winter ascent of Romsdalshorn in 1930.
See also
List of mountains of Norway
References
External links
Romsdalshorn.com
Mountains of Møre og Romsdal
Rauma, Norway
Sir Edward Louis Britton CBE (4 December 1909 – 3 January 2005) was a British trade union leader.
Britton studied at Bromley Grammar School and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he edited the Cambridge Review. On graduating, he was unemployed for six months. He found work as a teacher, and immediately joined the National Union of Teachers (NUT). He was exempted from military service during World War II due to his asthma. In 1951, he became head of Warlingham School in Surrey, then in 1956 became national president of the NUT.
In 1960 Britton was recruited as General Secretary of the Association of Teachers in Technical Institutions, during which time he worked with Reg Prentice to challenge the outcome of the Robbins Committee, and successfully lobbied for the opening of polytechnics. He resigned his post in 1969, in order to become General Secretary of the NUT, which he immediately convinced to affiliate to the Trades Union Congress. In 1974, he won a 30% pay increase for teachers. He retired in 1975, becoming a lecturer at the University of Sheffield, and also worked at Canterbury Christ Church College and served on Acas' central committee.
References
1909 births
2005 deaths
Academics of the University of Sheffield
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Comprehensive education
General Secretaries of the National Union of Teachers
Knights Bachelor
Presidents of the National Union of Teachers
Schoolteachers from Surrey
Sergey Belykh (born 4 March 1990) is a Russian cyclist, who last rode for Russian amateur team Udmurtia Region.
Major results
2010
10th Overall Grand Prix of Adygeya
2011
5th Overall Ronde de l'Isard
2012
1st Stage 2 Troféu Joaquim Agostinho
3rd Overall Vuelta Ciclista a León
1st Young rider classification
2014
1st Overall Tour de Constantine
1st Points classification
1st Mountains classification Course de la Solidarité Olympique
2nd Overall Tour International de Sétif
1st Stage 3
2nd Overall Tour of Kavkaz
7th Overall Grand Prix of Adygeya
2015
2nd Grand Prix Sarajevo
4th Grand Prix of Sochi Mayor
5th Overall Tour of Bulgaria
8th Overall Grand Prix of Adygeya
8th Giro del Medio Brenta
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Russian male cyclists
Place of birth missing (living people)
USA-5, also known as Navstar 10, GPS I-10 and GPS SVN-10, was an American navigation satellite launched in 1984 as part of the Global Positioning System (GPS) development programme. It was the tenth of eleven Block I GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
Spacecraft
The first eleven spacecraft (GPS Block 1) were used to demonstrate the feasibility of the GPS system. They were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied over 400 watts. They had S-band communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. They were manufactured by Rockwell Space Systems, were 5.3 meters across with solar panels deployed, and had a design life expectancy of 5 years. Unlike the later operational satellites, GPS Block 1 spacecraft were inclined at 63°.
Launch
USA-5 was launched at 21:41:00 UTC on 8 September 1984, atop an Atlas E launch vehicle with an SGS-2 upper stage. The Atlas used had the serial number 14E, and was originally built as an Atlas E. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 3W at Vandenberg Air Force Base, and placed USA-5 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit (MEO) using a Star-27 apogee motor.
Mission
By 3 October 1984, USA-5 had been raised to an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 718.00 minutes, and 63.20° of inclination to the equator. The satellite had a design life of 5 years and a mass of . It broadcast the PRN 12 signal in the GPS demonstration constellation, and was retired from service on 18 November 1995. It was the last Block I satellite to be decommissioned.
References
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1984
The 40–step stairway is a historic stairway in the Jung District of Busan, South Korea. It sits at one end of the 40-step Culture & Tourism Theme Street, which is a tourist attraction intended to recall the history of the area and in particular its importance to refugees during and after the Korean War. The staircase itself was known as a common location for refugees to seek reunification with their families and friends, given the lack of functional communications during the War. The 40–step stairway appears in the film Nowhere to Hide.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Busan
Tourist attractions in Busan
Stairways
Jung District, Busan
Wayne Mitchell may refer to:
Wayne Mitchell (singer), American gospel singer
Wayne Mitchell (politician), Native American politician
The Movement for Democracy and Progress (French: Mouvement pour la démocratie et le progrès, MDP) is a political party in the Republic of the Congo, led by Jean-Claude Ibovi. In the parliamentary election held on June 24 and August 5, 2007, the party won one out of 137 seats. It supports the government of President Denis Sassou Nguesso.
Originally an organization called the National Convention for the Defense and Promotion of Denis Sassou Nguesso's Ideas (CNDPID), it was subsequently transformed into a new political party, the Movement for Democracy and Progress (MDP), which was officially launched on 18 February 2007 under Ibovi's leadership.
Ibovi was the only MDP candidate to obtain a seat in the National Assembly in the 2007 election.
References
Political parties in the Republic of the Congo
Maurizio P. Vasco, television director, video journalist, author, was born in Italy (1955) and raised amid Apulia, Tuscany and Milan where he studied History, Photography and Television after he attended the Naval School of La Maddalena-Sardinia.
He took his first steps in the Media Industry in 1978, publishing his photos on Weekend Magazine and his stories on Universo's Comics.
He completed his education in New York City in the early 1980s through the New School for Social Research and The Global Village Video Studies Center.
Television
He is a former permanent employee of Videotime-Mediaset, contributor of Italian and International Media Organizations, including: RAI, Mediaset, Telepiu' (actual SKY), Studio Pontaccio, Rewire.com.
MPV has directed and/or produced numerous television programs and series including: Elton John- the One, Madonna's at the Roxy in 1983, Soccer's Stars and Legends, "The Lie Detector" (La Macchina della Verita') with Giancarlo Santalmassi, Scrondo, "Focus", "Viva Le Donne", Moda, Mr. A Billion (Mister Miliardo), Tandem, Notorious, "Bim Bum Bam" with Paolo Bonolis, "The Milan International Commercial-Film Award " with Fiorello, "Mediaset's All Stars Christmas Promo" as Production Manager and "Fine Secolo"(the End of the Century) with Adriano Sofri. He has been rewarded at 1984-1989 editions of Filmmaker the Milan Independent Film Festival. Maurizio P Vasco, is an Accredited Senior Member of the New York's Foreign Press since 1997.
Writing
He has written the first edition of Mister Papa -together with Abel Ferrara and Fernanda Pivano- (the controversial Passage to Italy of Ernest Hemingway ), The Miracle of the Bell Tower (a metaphorical return to an idealized South) "Human Inter-courses Vortex" a grotesque drama about the HIV 's fear/paranoia and Lyons and the East Village Tales (autobiographical novel). In 1996 he founded Alpahazet Magazine and Spirals, two Internet Ventures and Propaganda, a creative circle of recruiting and developing for the New York's hospitality industry.
New projects: "Desperate House Husbands" the stories of four divorced (forced to house) Italian-Americans New Yorkers and " Ash is what remains of a fire" (the epistolary of an ended story): works in progress. Two of his stories/articles have been published on Corriere della Sera and La Repubblica Cultural pages. He has written also, two Facebook-diaries: "Carpe that fuc@#ing diem" , Volume 1 and 2, now available on Amazon as eBooks. His new memoire "Marry the Chef - Capo-" will be published soon.
"The Enigma of the Maltese Saint Croix" , a novel, is his last fatigue.
Travels
He has extensively traveled and resided for many years in Africa, Middle East, India, Asia, Europe and USA.
His motto: Victoria Nobis Vitae -Life itself is a victory-(Engraved on the Battleship "Vittorio Veneto" the Italian Navy Admiral Vessel, where he served in 1974).
Maurizio P Vasco is also a certified maritime captain (former Italian Navy J. Officer) and holds an international license as a sailing/motorboat skipper. He resides among New York City and the Virgin Islands.
Chef Vasco
Since 1993 MPV has, parallel to his primary career, cultivated a passion for gastronomy, wines and culinary arts: He is a retired chef, restaurateur and gastronome who has created and realized menus for many Manhattan ventures as: Anarchy Cafe, Bacco, Gallo Nero, Taci Opera, Porta Toscana, Mambo.
References
The New School alumni
Italian film directors
American people of Italian descent
Italian chefs
Abdul Haq Jamali is a politician from District Nawabshah (Shaheed Benazir Abad), Sindh. He was elected as Naib Nazim of Nawabshah. After Faryal Talpur resigned as District Nazim, he served as the care taker District Nazim. He holds vice president office of Pakistan Peoples Party Nawabshah.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The OTI Festival 1975 was the fourth edition of the annual OTI Festival. It took place in San Juan, Puerto Rico, following the country's victory at the 1974 contest with the song "Hoy canto por cantar" by Nydia Caro. Organised by the Organización de Televisión Iberoamericana (OTI) and host broadcaster Telemundo, the contest was held at Telemundo television studios on Saturday 15 November 1975 and was hosted by Marisol Malaret and Eddie Miró.
The number of participating countries repeated the record of the previous year of 19 countries. The winner was Mexico with the song "La felicidad", performed by Gualberto Castro.
Background
According to the original rules of the song contest, the winner country of the previous year would host and organise the edition of the following year. In this case, Puerto Rico, its participating broadcaster Telemundo and its entrant Nydia Caro were the winners of the previous year's show with the song "Hoy sólo canto por cantar". According to the same rules, the Caribbean island would turn into the host place of the festival in 1975. In fact, after a committee held between the top members of Telemundo, it was decided that San Juan, the capital city was the only suitable host city for the OTI Festival in Puerto Rico.
Venue
The top members of Telemundo, the participating broadcasting in the event decided that the festival would not be held in a theatre or an exposition complex. It was decided instead that the event would take place in the TV studios of Telemundo in San Juan, which according to the members of the committee, were suitable and with good equipment. The seating capacity of the studios was considered also as suitable (1000 seats) although with a minor seat capacity than the previous venues of the festival.
The TV Studios of Telemundo in San Juan were built in 1954, the same year when that TV channel started broadcasting to the Puerto Rican audience. The channel, which had been created by the businessman Ángel Ramos, was in 1975 one of the main media companies in the island before expanding to the Spanish speaking communities of the United States of America.
Participating countries
The number of participating countries repeated the last year's record of 19 countries. It must be taken into account the return of Argentina to the festival although other countries such as Portugal and its broadcaster RTP, whose return to the contest was expected, later ruled out sending a delegation to San Juan.
Other countries such as Honduras, which debuted the previous year, decided to withdraw from this edition due to the disappointment with their previous year's tenth place. The rest of the Central American countries which also had debuted back in 1974 with a different fate alongside countries such as Ecuador, United States and the Netherlands Antilles also confirmed their participation in this new edition of the event.
Participating performers
One of the most prominent entrants in the fourth edition of the OTI Festival was the Spaniard singer-songwriter Evangelina Sobredo Galanes, better known in the artistic world as Cecilia. This singer, who was internally selected by RTVE would take part in the festival with the song "Amor de medianoche" (Midnight love), which was composed by Juan Carlos Calderón, who also composed that year's Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest. Sadly her participation in the festival would turn into one of the singer's last appearances because less than a year later she died in a traffic accident.
The participation of the Chilean Osvaldo Díaz must be also taken into account. He was selected through a national final as the Chilean Broadcaster did the previous years. He would represent his country later in 1990.
The Mexican entrant was also selected in a national final, in this case, the "National OTI Contest", the successful and enormously popular selection process that Televisa used to produce every year. The participating song entitled "La felicidad" Composed by Felipe Gil and performed by Gualberto Castro won the National Final and got the ticket to San Juan.
Venezuela and their broadcaster Venevision also gave a significant fact to the event. The participating TV Channel again selected internally the well-known female singer Mirla Castellanos who had already represented her home country back in 1972 in Madrid.
Presenters
Just like in the previous year, two presenters were the ones who hosted the event. This time the mistresses of ceremonies were the former Miss Universe 1970 Marisol Malaret and Beba Franco another former beauty contest participant.
There were two opening acts, One of them was the winning song of the previous year "Hoy sólo canto por cantar" by Nydia Caro.
As the previous presenters used to do, the presenters made a little introduction to the show by highlighting the main goals of the OTI as an organization and of the OTI Festival as a musical competition, which was to strengthen the musical cultural ties between the Spanish speaking and Portuguese speaking countries. The introductory speech, in which also was explained the voting process, was made both in Spanish and Portuguese languages.
After the introduction, both presenters introduced the performers and their countries short before they took the stage and after the performance round was over, they contacted telephonically the TV channels of the participating broadcasters to know the decision of the jurors.
Running order
As happened in previous years, the host broadcaster, in this case Telemundo in collaboration with the Iberoamerican Television Organisation (OTI), organised a draw in San Juan few days before the event took place.
The performance round was opened by Bolivia and their entrant Óscar Roca with his song "Por esas cosas te amo" (For things such as those I love you) which did not receive a warm welcome.
The Spanish entrant and the favourite one for an important part of the audience entered the fifth to the stage.
The host country, in this case, Puerto Rico and their entrants, the New York City-based band Los Hispanos, were the eleventh ones to take the stage with their song "¿A donde vas amigo?" (Where are you going to... my friend?).
The performance round was ended by the entrant coming from Panama, the internally selected by TVN Pablo Azael with the song "Tu y yo" (You and me).
As happened the previous year in Acapulco, almost all the participating shows were performed in Spanish except the Brazilian entry which was sung in Portuguese.
Voting system
The voting system followed the same dynamics of the previous years in which the juries were contacted telephonically by the presenters. The juries were composed again by five professional jurors who elected, each one, only their favourite song among the participating entries.
The national juries of every country were contacted directly by telephone by the presenters from the Telemundo Studios in San Juan in order to know the decision of the jurors.
Result
This time there was an enormously clear victory from the Mexican entrant Gualberto Castro whose song "La felicidad" was warmly welcomed by the national juries of the participating broadcasters. In fact, the winning song won with six points of difference in comparison with the second classificate, the Spaniard Cecilia.
Gualberto Castro, who was already enjoying a celebrity status thanks to his victory in the Mexican national final, the "National OTI Contest" turned into one of the most popular and respected singers in Mexico. His participating song not only turned into a hit in Mexico but also in the rest of Latin America where he performed in various events and festivals.
The second Classificate Cecilia had already a successful career in Spain but her second place in the OTI Festival supposed for her leap to the Latin American audience in which she also enjoyed a moderate but growing popularity.
The third position of the Venezuelan performer Mirla Castellanos with a record of points awarded to her country lead to the consolidation of her career both in Venezuela and in Latin America. In fact, she even improved the fourth place that she got in the OTI Festival in Madrid back in 1972. She was in a tie with the neighbouring fellow Colombian performer Leonor Gonzalez Mina, who also got the third place with ten points.
The host contestants, the band Los Hispanos, got a respectable fifth position with five points.
This time two countries ended in the last place with zero points. Bolivia and El Salvador didn't manage to win the attention of the international jurors who didn't award points to their performers.
Audience and impact
This time the viewing figures were slightly lower due to the technical issues that Telemundo had to face during the international airing of the OTI Festival outside Puerto Rico. Due to those issues, the OTI audience could not see the first part of the event. Anyway, the festival was seen by a large part of the Latin American audience and was considered by Telemundo a success not only for the broadcaster, but also for Puerto Rico as an international event host.
As was the case two years before with Imelda Miller, the Mexican audience saw with great interest the victory of their contestant Gualberto Castro and he was warmly received back to Mexico City.
References
OTI Festival by year
Music festivals in Puerto Rico
1975 in music
Flatrock Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County, southwest of Old Forge. Bare Mountain is located northwest of Flatrock Mountain.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Rhythm X, Inc. is a non-profit music education organization that operates a competitive indoor percussion ensemble and wind ensemble, as well as an online school for marching music called The X Academy. The company was founded in 2002 by Craig Dunn as the Rhythm X Performance Ensemble. The ensembles compete in both the Winter Guard International (WGI) and Mid-East Performance Association (MEPA) circuits in the World Class, which is the classification given to the ensembles that execute musical and visual programs of the highest difficulty. In 2013, Rhythm X announced the launch of The X Academy, an online and in-person educational program suited for high school and college-age musicians interested in competitive percussion and wind ensembles. Later that year the organization announced the addition of its newest ensemble that would compete in the new WGI Winds Division in 2015.
Rhythm X was the 2008, 2009, and 2013 WGI World Champion in Percussion Independent World (PIW) Class and is well-known to indoor marching percussion fans and participants around the world as consistently one of the most highly skilled competitors. The percussion ensemble has also gained a reputation for presenting some of the most innovative content at each WGI Percussion World Championship and is a crowd favorite virtually every year.
History
Rhythm X was founded in 2001 by Craig Dunn and was initially intended to provide a competitive percussion performance experience for young musicians in Ohio. The unit was immediately successful, as it captured the gold medal in its inaugural season in Percussion Independent Open class at the 2002 WGI World Championships. Rhythm X has been classified as Percussion Independent World every season since then.
As Rhythm X's successes have continued, the membership has expanded beyond local Ohio students. Several hours of transportation are typical, but members have commuted as far as twelve hours one way every weekend to participate. Others move to Ohio for the season's duration. In its early years, the ensemble had a mixture of high school and college students, but the current membership contains almost exclusively college students. Most of the members also have experience in World Class Drum Corps International drum and bugle corps.
In 2007, Rhythm X became the first independent Winter Guard International percussion ensemble to conduct a tour of Europe. The members and staff performed and offered clinics in England, France, and Belgium using their 2007 show "Behind the Velvet Rope" as a demonstration.
In 2008, Craig Dunn announced that Andrew Markworth would be overtaking the role of Ensemble Director for Rhythm X, while Dunn would continue with some duties as executive director.
In 2009, Rhythm X announced its sponsorship of a newly formed percussion ensemble in the Netherlands called European X. Head staff members Craig Dunn, Tim Fairbanks, Andrew Markworth, and Tim Jackson periodically visit them to assist with their shows' designs and their members' educations.
In 2010, Rhythm X announced that Tim Jackson would be assuming the role of Ensemble Director for the group.
In 2012, in preparation for the coming 2013 season the Rhythm X staff was slightly restructured. Tim Fairbanks assumed the role of Ensemble Director and a new position was added. Mike Scott joined the administrative team as Operations Director. In 2013 Rhythm X also launched a new website, e-commerce store, and a staff blog.
WGI World Championship Results
Rhythm X has maintained consistent competitive success at WGI World Championships and has been a finalist every year since its inception. The unit has been awarded 3 PIW gold medals, 6 PIW silver medals, 2 PIW bronze medals, and 1 PIO gold medal.
Gold background indicates WGI Championship; Silver background indicates WGI silver medal, Bronze background indicates WGI Bronze medal pale blue background indicates WGI Class Finalist; pale green background indicates WGI semifinalist
Score taken from final WGI show before the remainder of the season was cancelled due to the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Rhythm X did not field an ensemble in 2021.
WGI World Winds Division
Rhythm X has maintained consistent competitive success at WGI World Championships and has been a finalist every year since its inception. The unit has been awarded 4 WIW gold medals, and 1 WIW silver medal.
Gold background indicates WGI Championship; Silver background indicates WGI silver medal, Bronze background indicates WGI Bronze medal pale blue background indicates WGI Class Finalist
Score taken from final WGI show before the remainder of the season was cancelled due to the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Rhythm X Winds did not field an ensemble in 2021 or 2022.
Achievements
The third highest-scoring WGI PIW performance at World Championships is held by Rhythm X's 2013 show "The Man in the Arena" with a score of 98.263.
Rhythm X is one of only 6 ensembles to ever win the PIW gold medal at WGI World Championships.
During the 2007 season, Rhythm X became the first independent WGI indoor percussion ensemble to ever tour Europe.
Rhythm X and the Blue Knights Percussion Ensemble are tied for the second-most consecutive WGI PIW gold medals.
Staff
Rhythm X has a versatile staff with many years of experience teaching, designing for, judging, and performing in the marching arts. Because of the skill level of the musicians and the cohesive nature of Rhythm X's alumni network, several former members of the ensemble have returned to serve as staff members.
Design team
Tim Fairbanks - Ensemble Director, Visual/Program
Tim Jackson - Battery/Movement
Andrew Markworth - Front Ensemble/Music
Battery staff
Josh Brickey - Battery Coordinator & Snares
Adam Norris - Battery Coordinator & Quads
Carter Smith - Snares
Mike Cavanaugh - Basses
John Genga - Basses
Thomas Claesen - Quads
Trevor Dunbar - Quads
Alex "Scoot" Huizen - Cymbals
Chelsea Levine - Cymbals
Front ensemble staff
Lane Summerlin - Front Ensemble Coordinator
Lee Allman - Front Ensemble
Will Buetow - Front Ensemble
Ryan Kilgore - Front Ensemble
Dan Schmitt - Audio Engineer
Visual ensemble staff
Lauren Drislane - Dance Choreographer
Jodi Fairbanks - Auxiliary Coordinator
Greyson Flores - Choreographer
Alex Holland - Weapon Choreographer
Katie McIlraith - Choreographer, Weapon & Dance Technician
Board of Directors
Tim Fairbanks - President
Mike Scott - Vice President, CEO Emeritus
Mary Kate Tompkins - Secretary
Craig Dunn - Founder/Director At Large
Administrative staff
Graham Hopkins - Director of Operations and Development
Becca Stein - Admin
Abby Hermesch - Admin
Chloe Spencer - Admin
Media staff
Griffin Schneider - Photography & Videography
Josh Clements - Photography & Videography
Chelsea Levine - Social Media
Thomas Claesen - Website
Corporate partners
Rhythm X, Inc. exclusively uses equipment and costumes produced by the companies with whom it has partnerships.
Pearl Drums
Sabian
Innovative Percussion
D'Addario
Evans Drumheads
Planet Waves
Fred J. Miller, Inc.
Digimet Metronomes
Adams Marching Brass
References
External links
Official Website
Percussion ensembles
Musical groups from Columbus, Ohio
Musical groups established in 2001
Silvestras Leonas (1894–1959) was a Lithuanian military officer. After serving in the Russian Imperial Army during World War I, Leonas joined the Lithuanian Army and fought in the Lithuanian Wars of Independence. He completed law studies at the University of Lithuania and worked as a judge. In 1934–1935, he presided over the Military Tribunal trial of Neumann–Sass that involved 122 defendants accused of anti-Lithuanian activities. From March 1938 to March 1939, he was Minister of Internal Affairs in the government of Prime Minister Vladas Mironas. In 1944, Leonas was arrested by the NKVD and imprisoned in a Gulag camp. He returned to Lithuania in 1956.
Biography
Leonas was born on 15 January 1894 to a family of Lithuanian farmers. After graduation from the Second Men's Gymnasium in Vilnius, he continued to study at the Moscow University and Kharkiv University but was drafted to the Russian Imperial Army in May 1916. He completed military courses in Chuhuiv and was promoted to praporshchik in September 1916. After the promotion to podporuchik in July 1917, Leonas was transferred to the 2nd Battalion of the Russian Railway Troops.
Leonas returned to Lithuania in 1919 and was mobilized on 1 July 1919 into the Lithuanian Army and assigned to the 8th Infantry Regiment. He saw action in the Lithuanian Wars of Independence against Soviet Russia (July 1919 – January 1920) and Poland (August–November 1920). In February 1920, he helped to subdue a revolt by Lithuanian soldiers in Kaunas and was promoted to captain. He completed Higher Officers' Courses in October 1923 and was promoted to major. He retired from the military after graduating from the Law Faculty of University of Lithuania in 1925. He worked as a judge in Biržai, Telšiai, Šiauliai. After a judicial reform in 1933, he became a judge of the appellate court.
On 16 June 1934, after the failed coup d'état by the Voldemarininkai, he returned to military duty and became the presiding judge of the Military Tribunal. He presided over the high-profile trial of Neumann and Sass. The case involved 122 defendants – Nazi sympathizers that were accused of various anti-Lithuanian activities in the Klaipėda Region. In March 1938, after the Polish ultimatum to Lithuania, he became Minister of Internal Affairs in the new cabinet assembled by Prime Minister Vladas Mironas. In this capacity, Leonas issued many laws and directives, many of them on sale of pharmaceuticals, health clinics, and other health care issues. He also implemented the law establishing a council () to monitor and control various societies and organizations giving even more power to the authoritarian regime of Antanas Smetona to control political opponents. The government was forced to resign after the German ultimatum to Lithuania in March 1939. He again retired from the military on 31 March 1939. In May 1940, Leonas was appointed as a judge of the Lithuanian Tribunal.
After the Soviet occupation of Lithuania in June 1940, Leonas was arrested on 11 July 1940 and imprisoned in Kaunas and later Lubyanka Prison. He was freed at the start of the German invasion of the Soviet Union and anti-Soviet uprising in June 1941. During the German occupation, Leonas worked as an attorney in Kaunas. When the Red Army returned to Lithuania, Leonas was arrested by the NKVD in November 1944 and sentenced to 10 years of prison and 5 years of exile. He was imprisoned in a Gulag camp in Abez, Komi Republic. Later, he was transferred to the Irkutsk Oblast. He returned to Lithuania in 1956 and died three years later in Kaunas.
Awards
Leonas received the following awards:
Order of the Cross of Vytis (5th degree, 1921)
Independence Medal (1928)
(1929)
Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas (3rd degree, 1931)
Order of Vytautas the Great (3rd degree, 1937)
References
1894 births
1959 deaths
Lithuanian Army officers
Ministers of Internal Affairs of Lithuania
Lithuanian judges
Gulag detainees
People from Suwałki Governorate
Russian military personnel of World War I
Vytautas Magnus University alumni
Recipients of the Order of Vytautas the Great
Recipients of the Order of the Cross of Vytis
Recipients of the Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas
Sir Humphrey Forster, 2nd Baronet (c. 1649 – December 1711) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1677 and 1695.
Forster was the son of William Forster of Aldermaston House and his wife Elizabeth Tyrell, daughter of Sir John Tyrell of Heron, Essex. He was grandson of Sir Humphrey Forster, 1st Baronet (of Aldermaston). He succeeded to this Baronetcy and the Aldermaston manor and leased rectory on the death of his grandfather in 1663, his father having died in 1661.
In 1677, Forster was elected Member of Parliament for Berkshire in a by-election to the Cavalier Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Berkshire in the first election of 1679 but not in the second. He was elected MP for Berkshire again in 1685. and then in 1690 and 1695. He was Sheriff of Berkshire in 1704 and knighted around the same time.
Forster died at the age of about 62, when the Baronetcy became extinct and is buried in the church of St Aidan with his distant ancestors who received the earlier Forster baronetcy in Bamburgh, Northumberland and who held Bamburgh Castle for two centuries until the English Civil War.
Sir Humphrey Forster, 1st Bt.
Humphrey Forster (c.1595-1663), son of Sir William Forster (died 1618), K.B., of Aldermaston and Sheriff of Berks, 1607. He married, circa 1616, Anne, daughter of Sir William Kingsmill, of Sydmonton, Hampshire. Sheriff of Berkshire, 1619-1620, and created baronet, 20 May 1620. Royalist and a compounder for £1,000.
In 1649 his sister Mary (died 1668) married as her third or fourth husband the celebrated Elias Ashmole.
Other Forster ancestors
Sir Humphrey Forster (died 1500), of Harpenden = Alice, daughter of Sir Stephen Popham (MP for Hampshire: 1420, 1423,1425, 1431, 1442);
Sir George Forster , K.B. (died 1533) = Elizabeth (died 1526) daughter and heir of John Delamere (De la Mare), of Aldermaston;
Sir Humphrey Forster , Kt (died 1555). Sheriff of Berks, 1532 and 1545 = Elizabeth, daughter of William, Lord Sandys, of the Vine;
William Forster (died 1574). Sheriff of Berkshire, 1567 = Jane, daughter of Sir Anthony Hungerford, Kt of Down Ampney;
Sir Humphrey Forster , Kt. (died 1601). Sheriff of Berks, 1579 and 1592 = Margaret, daughter of John Barrett of Stanford Dingley (kinsman of Lord Barrett of Newburgh);
Sir William Forster, Kt. (died 1618) = Mary (died 1661), daughter of Sir Mark Steward (Stewart) of Stuntney, the Isle of Ely (died 1604), by Anna, daughter of Robert Huicke, physician to Queen Elizabeth. Sometime MP, he was in the service of Sir William Paulet, 3rd Marquess of Winchester.
Aldermaston legacy
His largest estate left the related Achard-Forster families in whose hands it had been since a 12th-century grant by Henry I of England in 1762, when it passed into a family due to a marriage, the Congreve family of the manor house, Congreve, Penkridge, Staffordshire. The estate had to be sold on a bankruptcy (following fire) and has been more than halved with a rebuilt manor house in Elizabethan style.
Forster married at St. Margaret's, Westminster on 26 November 1672, Judith, daughter of Sir Humphrey Winch, 1st Baronet and his wife Rebecca Browne, daughter of Martin Browne, Alderman of London.
Early in the 17th century the family funded a vestry south of the Church of St Mary the Virgin, Aldermaston and their own memorial vault beneath this. Four polished marble slabs in the floor commemorate:
Humphrey's daughter, Rebekah, d. age 12 in 1676.
Ann, daughter of William Forster, d. in infancy in 1664.
John Forster, d. 1674
Humphrey's mother, Lady Anne Forster, d. 1673.
On the south wall of the chancel are two stone slabs and lengthy family tablet from the vault entry, transcribed into the county history of 1923.
References
1649 births
1711 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
Members of the Parliament of England for Berkshire
English MPs 1661–1679
English MPs 1679
English MPs 1685–1687
English MPs 1690–1695
English MPs 1695–1698
People from Aldermaston
High Sheriffs of Berkshire
Anobrium oberthueri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Belon in 1902. It is known from Ecuador, Bolivia and Brazil.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1902
The 36th Cairo International Film Festival () was held from November 9–18, 2014, including 17 films from ten Arab countries. Six films featured were nominated for the 87th Academy Awards the following year. The jury included four male and four female filmmakers representing the Middle East, Asia, Africa, and Europe as well as the disciplines of direction, screenwriting, production, cinematography, and criticism, headed by Egyptian actress Yousra.
Background
Festival management chose Yousra as the first Egyptian jury chair in the history of the Festival. animated and a documentary films also made their first appearances with one of each. Another unprecedented move was hiring an Egyptian designer, Karim Adam, to design the official poster, featuring local actress Nadia Lutfi.
Lutfi received a special Lifetime Achievement Award during the opening ceremony, and the Festival prepared a documentary on her career that was shown on the second day. The first submissions in Festival history opened from the United Arab Emirates (Ali F. Mostafa's From A to B) and Iran (Abed Abest's The Corner).
Egyptian films featured
Six Egyptian films were featured at the Festival. The International Features category included Karim Hanafi's Bab Al-Wadaa (“The Farewell Gate”), starring Salwa Khattab and Ahmed Magdy. The Short Film category featured Ahmed Abdalla's Décor, starring Kal Naga and Horeya Farghaly, along with Mouhamed Rady's Wall of Heroism. The Classics category showed a restored version of Henry Barakat's 1965 film The Sin in honor of what would have been his 100th birthday. Finally, the late director and singer-actor Hussein al-Imam's black-and-white film Like a Matchstick was screened.
Juries
International Competition
Yousra, Egyptian actress (Chair)
Wang Xiaoshuai, Chinese director, whose Red Amnesia was screened here and at the 71st Venice International Film Festival the same year
Haile Gerima, Ethiopian director
Corinne van Egeraat, Dutch actress-writer-producer
Ibrahim Al-Ariss, Lebanese critic
Alexis Grivas, Greek cinematographer
Dominique Cabrera, French director
Mariam Naoum, Egyptian screenwriter
Nancy Abdel-Fattah, Egyptian cinematographer
International Critics' Week
Laila Elwi, Egyptian actress (Chair)
Mohamed Reda, Lebanese critic
Najib Ayyad, Tunisian producer
Horizons of Arab Cinema
Khamis Al-Khayati, Tunisian critic (Chair)
Deborah Young, American critic
Barbara Löwe, German critic
Films
International
International Critics' Week
Awards
International Competition
Golden Pyramid Award: Melbourne, Nima Javidi
Silver Pyramid for Best Director: Forever, Margarita Manda
Silver Pyramid for Best Screenplay, Boy and the World, Alê Abreu
Silver Pyramid for Best Artistic Contribution: Bab Al-Wadaa, cinematographer Zaki Aref
Best Actor: Eyes of a Thief, Kal Naga
Best Actress: Love at First Fight, Adele Hamlin
International Critics' Week
The following were unanimously announced:
Shadi Abdeslam Prize: No One's Child, Vuk Ršumović
Fathi Farag Award for Best Artistic Contribution: Brides, Tinatin Kajrishvili
Prospects of Arab Movies
Saad Eddine Wahba Prize (Best Artistic Contribution): Sotto Voce, Kamal Kamal (Morocco)
Youssef Chahine Award (Best Artistic Creativity): Bab Al-Wadaa, Zaki Aref
Salah Abu Seif Award (Best Arabic Film): Scheherazade's Diary, Zeina Daccache (Lebanon)
Special Certificate of Appreciation: Theeb
Naguib Mahfouz Awards (Golden Pyramid of Honor):
Volker Schlöndorff, German director
Noureddine Saïl, Egyptian cinematographer
Nadia Lutfi, Egyptian actress
External links
IMDb page
References
Cairo International Film Festival
2014 film festivals
2MM is a narrowcast radio station based in the Sydney suburb of Dulwich Hill. 2MM broadcasts a Greek language service to Sydney and Wollongong.
See also
List of radio stations in Australia
References
External links
Greek-Australian culture in Sydney
Greek-language radio stations
2MM
Radio stations in Sydney
Ethnic radio stations in Australia
Zimmer's woodcreeper (Dendroplex kienerii) is a species of bird in the woodcreeper subfamily (Dendrocolaptinae). Its genus, Dendroplex, was recently confirmed to be distinct from Xiphorhynchus.
It mainly occurs in Brazil's Amazon basin as well as in adjacent border areas of northeast Peru and southeast Colombia.
Its natural habitat is Várzea.
References
Zimmer's woodcreeper
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Zimmer's woodcreeper
Zimmer's woodcreeper
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nick Price (born 1957) is a Zimbabwean professional golfer.
Nick or Nicholas Price may also refer to:
Nick Price (illustrator), British illustrator of The Wombles, Tumtum and Nutmeg, and Doctor Snuggles
Nick Price (actor), appearing in the Three Investigators film series
Nicholas Price (born 1983), backing drummer for Meg & Dia
Nicholas A. Price (born 1962), visual artist
See also
Michael Price (disambiguation) (aka Mick Price)
Óscar Castellano Zamora (born 7 October 1997), commonly known as Chiqui, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a winger for Marino de Luanco, on loan from CD Lugo.
Club career
Born in Mérida, Badajoz, Extremadura, Chiqui moved to Salceda de Caselas, Pontevedra, Galicia at the age of 13 and finished his formation with UD Santa Mariña. After making his first team debut during the 2015–16 season, in the regional leagues, he subsequently represented Erizana CF.
Ahead of the 2017–18 campaign, Chiqui signed for Tercera División side CD Choco. On 21 June 2018, he moved to fellow league team Arosa SC, being a regular starter before joining CD Lugo on 18 July of the following year, being initially assigned to the farm team also in division four.
Chiqui made his professional debut on 8 December 2019, coming on as a late substitute for Tete Morente in a 1–3 away loss against Girona FC in the Segunda División championship. The following 17 September, he moved to Segunda División B side Marino de Luanco on loan for the 2020–21 season.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
People from Mérida, Spain
Sportspeople from the Province of Badajoz
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Extremadura
Association football wingers
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol players
Polvorín FC players
CD Lugo players
Marino de Luanco footballers
Kavacık is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 40 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Woolcott is an unincorporated community located in Bracken County, Kentucky, United States. It was also known as Murrays Station.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bracken County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
9-1-1, commonly referred to as 911, is the national emergency telephone number of the Philippines managed by the Emergency 911 National Office.
On August 1, 2016, 911 and 8888, a public complaint hotline, effectively replaced Patrol 117.
History
Prior to the inception of 117, emergency services were reached through a myriad of telephone numbers. The fire department in Manila, for example, had fifty telephone numbers, one for every fire station in the city. In February 1998, the 117 hotline was implemented by PLDT. At the time, 117 was solely used in the Metro Manila area by the Philippine National Police for the reporting of ongoing crimes as part of a program called the "Patrol 117 Street Patrol Program" in cooperation with the Foundation for Crime Prevention. Efforts to expand the capabilities of 117 began in the 1990s, starting with the addition of emergency medical services to the scope of 117 in Metro Manila through a private-sector initiative called Project EARnet (Emergency Assistance and Response network).
Government involvement in the expansion of 117's scope began in late 1998, when the DILG announced the formation of Emergency Network Philippines, a project that sought to support a national emergency telephone number in order to enable the faster delivery of emergency services to the Filipino people.
On August 8, 2001, a memorandum of agreement was signed between the DILG and Frequentis, an Austrian company, on the implementation of the ENP project. The National Economic and Development Authority approved the project later in the year, and project funding was secured with a loan agreement being signed between the Philippine and Austrian governments on December 6.
By virtue of Executive Order No. 226, 117 became the official national emergency telephone number of the Philippines on July 14, 2003.
The ₱1.4 billion project was completed on August 2, 2003, with the opening of a new 117 call center in Quezon City, serving the entire Metro Manila area. Four more 117 call centers were opened in 2006, and the full network, consisting of sixteen networked call centers, was rolled out in 2007.
In 2016, at his first cabinet meeting after his inauguration, President Rodrigo Roa Duterte vowed to put up a complaint hotline, 8888, while Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said that the existing 117 hotlines would be replaced by 911.
On August 1, 2016, 911 was launched as the nationwide emergency hotline number by the Philippine National Police (PNP).
9-1-1 is patterned on the same system that was implemented in Davao City by President Rodrigo Duterte while he was still mayor.
Coverage
911 service is available nationwide 24/7. Depending on the location of the call, a 911 call will route to any of the sixteen existing 117 call centers located in various cities around the Philippines. Each call center serves a single region.
Telecommunications Commissioner Gamaliel Cordoba said that all calls to 911 will be rerouted to the existing Patrol 117 hotline while the 911 command center is not yet established.
Existing 117 call centers are located in the following areas:
Other Emergency numbers
Other than 911, other emergency numbers are also used around the country, maintained and operated by both government agencies and the private sector.
References
External links
Emergency Network Philippines
Emergency telephone numbers
Three-digit telephone numbers
Telephone numbers in the Philippines
Viridistria thoracica is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by Frederic Moore in 1882. It is found in northern India.
References
Pantheinae
Moths of Asia
Knud Gleerup (1 December 1884 – 17 October 1960) was a Danish sculptor. His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1884 births
1960 deaths
20th-century Danish sculptors
Male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Copenhagen
Danish male artists
20th-century Danish male artists
Robbery Under Arms is an 1882-1883 novel by Rolf Boldrewood, writing as Thomas Alexander Browne.
Robbery Under Arms may also refer to several adaptations of the novel:
Robbery Under Arms (1907 MacMahon film), an Australian film directed by Charles MacMahon
Robbery Under Arms (1907 Tait film), an Australian lost film by J and N Tait and Millard Johnson and W Gibson
Robbery Under Arms (1920 film), an Australian film directed by Kenneth Brampton
Robbery Under Arms (1957 film), a British film directed by Jack Lee
Robbery Under Arms (1985 film), an Australian film directed by Donald Crombie and Ken Hannam
Robbery Under Arms (play), an 1890 play by Alfred Dampier and Garnet Walch
Robbery Under Arms (radio adaptation), a 1950 British programme
See also
Robbery (disambiguation)
Jesse Reed may refer to:
Jesse Reed, friend of Kurt Cobain
Jesse Reed, Principal Chiefs of the Cherokee
See also
Jesse Reid, boxer
Jessie Reid, baseball player
Private Practice is an American medical drama series created by Shonda Rhimes and produced and broadcast by ABC. The series is a spin-off from Rhimes' other series, Grey's Anatomy. The two-part episode "The Other Side of This Life" (which aired as the twenty-second and twenty-third episodes of Grey's Anatomy third season in the Spring of 2007) served as the backdoor pilot for this series. The story follows Dr. Addison Montgomery as she relocates from the fictional Seattle Grace Hospital in Seattle, Washington to the Oceanside Wellness Group in Santa Monica, California.
A total of 111 episodes of Private Practice were aired over six seasons, between September 26, 2007 and January 22, 2013.
Series overview
Episodes
Backdoor pilot (2007)
An expanded two hour broadcast of Grey's Anatomy served as a backdoor pilot for Private Practice. In the two episodes from Grey's Anatomy's third season, Addison Montgomery visits friend and reproductive endocrinology and infertility specialist Naomi Bennett in Los Angeles to discuss whether or not she could have a baby. During her trip, Addison becomes acquainted with the Oceanside Wellness Center, the medical practice in which a majority of Private Practice takes place, and its staff. The two episodes serve to explain the reasons behind Addison's move from Seattle to Los Angeles.
Season 1 (2007)
Season 2 (2008–09)
Season 3 (2009–10)
Season 4 (2010–11)
Season 5 (2011–12)
Season 6 (2012–13)
Webisodes
References
Lists of American drama television series episodes
Private Practice (TV series)
Anam can be a given name or a surname. It is of Arabic origin and it means "blessed" .
The following are people with the name "Anam":
Given Name
Anam Amin (born 1992), Pakistani cricketer
Anam Hashim, Indian motorcycle stunt performer and rider
Anam Kazim (born 1986), Canadian politician
Anam Tanveer, Pakistani model and actress
Anam Goher, Pakistani actress
Anam Fayyaz, Pakistani television actress
Surname
Anam Vivekananda Reddy, Indian politician
Khalid Anam, Pakistani actor
Mahfuz Anam (born 1950), Bangladeshi editor and publisher
Shantanu Anam (born 1990), Indian writer and actor
Stacy (singer), Malaysian singer born as Stracie Angie Anam
Tahmima Anam (born 1975), British-Bangladeshi writer, novelist and columnist
Tariq Anam Khan (born 1953), Bangladeshi actor, director, writer and producer
See also
Inaam
Charles Kingsley (12 June 1819 – 23 January 1875) was a broad church priest of the Church of England, a university professor, social reformer, historian, novelist and poet. He is particularly associated with Christian socialism, the working men's college, and forming labour cooperatives, which failed, but encouraged later working reforms. He was a friend and correspondent of Charles Darwin.
Life and character
Kingsley was born in Holne, Devon, the elder son of the Reverend Charles Kingsley and his wife, Mary Lucas Kingsley. His brother Henry Kingsley (1830–1876) and sister Charlotte Chanter (1828–1882) also became writers. He was the father of the novelist Lucas Malet (Mary St. Leger Kingsley, 1852–1931) and the uncle of the traveller and scientist Mary Kingsley (1862–1900).
Charles Kingsley's childhood was spent in Clovelly, Devon, where his father was Curate in 1826–1832 and Rector in 1832–1836, and at Barnack, Northamptonshire. He was educated at Bristol Grammar School and Helston Grammar School before studying at King's College London and the University of Cambridge. Charles entered Magdalene College, Cambridge, in 1838, and graduated in 1842. He chose to pursue priesthood in the Anglican Church. In 1844 he became Rector of Eversley in Hampshire. In 1859 he was appointed chaplain to Queen Victoria. In 1860, he became Regius Professor of Modern History at the University of Cambridge, and in 1861 a private tutor to the Prince of Wales.
In 1869 Kingsley resigned his Cambridge professorship and in 1870–1873 served as a canon of Chester Cathedral. While there, he founded the Chester Society for Natural Science, Literature and Art, which was prominent in the establishment of the Grosvenor Museum. In 1872 he agreed to become the 19th President of the Birmingham and Midland Institute. In 1873 he was made a canon of Westminster Abbey.
Kingsley sat on the 1866 Edward Eyre Defence Committee along with Thomas Carlyle, John Ruskin, Charles Dickens, John Tyndall, and Alfred Tennyson, where he supported Jamaican Governor Edward Eyre's brutal suppression of the Morant Bay Rebellion against the Jamaica Committee.
One of his daughters, Mary St Leger Kingsley, became known as a novelist under the pseudonym Lucas Malet.
Kingsley's biography, written by his widow in 1877, was entitled Charles Kingsley, his Letters and Memories of his Life.
Kingsley received letters from Thomas Huxley in 1860 and in 1863 letters discussing Huxley's early ideas on agnosticism.
Death
Charles Kingsley died of pneumonia on 23 January 1875 at Eversley, Hampshire, aged 55. He was buried there in St. Mary's Churchyard.
Influences and works
Kingsley's interest in history is shown in several of his writings, including The Heroes (1856), a children's book about Greek mythology, and several historical novels, of which the best known are Hypatia (1853), Hereward the Wake (1865) and Westward Ho! (1855).
He was sympathetic to the idea of evolution and was one of the first to welcome Charles Darwin's book On the Origin of Species. He had been sent an advance review copy and in his response of 18 November 1859 (four days before the book went on sale) stated that he had "long since, from watching the crossing of domesticated animals and plants, learnt to disbelieve the dogma of the permanence of species." Darwin added an edited version of Kingsley's closing remarks to the next edition of his book, stating, "A celebrated author and divine has written to me that 'he has gradually learnt to see that it is just as noble a conception of the Deity to believe that He created a few original forms capable of self-development into other and needful forms, as to believe that He required a fresh act of creation to supply the voids caused by the action of His laws.'" When a heated dispute lasting three years developed over human evolution, Kingsley gently satirised the debate, known as the Great Hippocampus Question, as the "Great Hippopotamus Question".
Kingsley's concern for social reform is illustrated in his classic, The Water-Babies, A Fairy Tale for a Land Baby (1863), a tale about a boy chimney sweep, which retained its popularity well into the 20th century. The story mentions the main protagonists in the scientific debate over human origins, rearranging his earlier satire as the "great hippopotamus test". The book won a Lewis Carroll Shelf Award in 1963.
Kingsley's chief asset as a novelist lay in his descriptive faculties: the descriptions of South American scenery in Westward Ho!, of the Egyptian desert in Hypatia, and of the North Devon scenery in Two Years Ago. American scenery is vividly and truthfully described (despite Kingsley having seen it only in his imagination) in his work At Last, written after he had visited the tropics. His sympathy with children taught him how to gain their interest. His version of the old Greek stories entitled The Heroes, and Water-babies and Madam How and Lady Why, in which he deals with popular natural history, take high rank among books for children. Kingsley was influenced by Frederick Denison Maurice, and was close to many Victorian thinkers and writers, including the Scottish writer George MacDonald.
Kingsley was highly critical of Roman Catholicism and his argument in print with John Henry Newman, accusing him of untruthfulness and deceit, prompted the latter to write his Apologia Pro Vita Sua. Kingsley also wrote poetry and political articles, as well as several volumes of sermons.
Kingsley coined the term pteridomania (meaning "a craze for ferns") in his 1855 book Glaucus, or the Wonders of the Shore.
Racial views
Anglo-Saxonism
Kingsley was a fervent Anglo-Saxonist, and was seen as a major proponent of the ideology, particularly in the 1840s. He proposed that the English people were "essentially a Teutonic race, blood-kin to the Germans, Dutch, Scandinavians". Kingsley suggested there was a "strong Norse element in Teutonism and Anglo-Saxonism".
Mixing mythology and Christianity, he blended Protestantism as it was practised at the time with the Old Norse religion, saying that the Church of England was "wonderfully and mysteriously fitted for the souls of a free Norse-Saxon race". He believed the ancestors of Anglo-Saxons, Norse and Germanic peoples had physically fought beside the god Odin, and that the British monarchy was genetically descended from the god.
Dislike of the Irish
Kingsley has been accused of intensely antagonistic views of the Irish, whom he described in derogatory terms.
Visiting County Sligo in Ireland, he wrote a letter to his wife from Markree Castle in 1860: "I am haunted by the human chimpanzees I saw along that hundred miles of horrible country [Ireland]... [for] to see white chimpanzees is dreadful; if they were black, one would not see it so much, but their skins, except where tanned by exposure, are as white as ours."
Legacy
Charles Kingsley's novel Westward Ho! led to the founding of a village by the same name (the only place name in England with an exclamation mark) and inspired the construction of the Bideford, Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway. A hotel in Westward Ho! was named after and opened by him. A hotel which was opened in 1897 in Bloomsbury, London, and named after Kingsley was founded by teetotallers, who admired Kingsley for his political views and his ideas on social reform. It still exists as The Kingsley by Thistle.
In 1905 the composer Cyril Rootham wrote a musical setting of Kingsley's poem Andromeda. This was performed at the Bristol Music Festival in 1908. Like Kingsley, Rootham had been educated at Bristol Grammar School.
Published works
Yeast, a novel (1848)
Saint's Tragedy (1848), a drama
Alton Locke, a novel (1849)
Twenty-five Village Sermons (1849)
Cheap Clothes and Nasty (1850)
Phaeton, or Loose Thoughts for Loose Thinkers (1852)
Sermons on National Subjects (1st series, 1852)
Hypatia, a novel (1853)
Glaucus, or the Wonders of the Shore (1855)
Sermons on National Subjects (2nd series, 1854)
Alexandria and her Schools (1854)
Westward Ho!, a novel (1855)
Sermons for the Times (1855)
The Heroes, Greek fairy tales (1856)
Two Years Ago, a novel (1857)
Andromeda and other Poems (1858)
The Good News of God, sermons (1859)
Miscellanies (1859)
Limits of Exact Science applied to History (Inaugural lectures, 1860)
Town and Country Sermons (1861)
Sermons on the Pentateuch (1863)
The Water-Babies, A Fairy Tale for a Land Baby (1863)
The Roman and the Teuton (1864)
David and other Sermons (1866)
Hereward the Wake: "Last of the English", a novel (London: Macmillan, 1866)
The Ancient Régime (Lectures at the Royal Institution, 1867)
Water of Life and other Sermons (1867)
The Hermits (1869)
Madam How and Lady Why (1869)
At Last: a Christmas in the West Indies (1871)
Town Geology (1872)
Discipline and other Sermons (1872)
Prose Idylls (1873)
Plays and Puritans (1873)
Health and Education (1874)
Westminster Sermons (1874)
Lectures delivered in America (1875)
References
Citations
Sources
2nd edition. Retrieved on 20 July 2007
(The Autobiography of Charles Darwin) Retrieved on 20 July 2007
Further reading
Chitty, Susan. Charles Kingsley's Landscape (David & Charles, 1976)
Chitty, Susan. The Beast and the Monk: A Life of Charles Kingsley (Hodder & Stoughton, 1974)
Colloms, Brenda. Charles Kingsley: The Lion of Eversley (Constable, 1975)
Conlin, Jonathan & Klaver, Jan Marten Ivo. Charles Kingsley: Faith, Flesh, and Fantasy (Routledge, 2020)
Kingsley, Frances Eliza (ed.) Charles Kingsley: His Letters and Memories of his Life (Henry S. King, 1877)
Martin, R. B. The Dust of Combat: A Life of Charles Kingsley (Faber & Faber, 1959)
Martineau, Violet. John Martineau. The Pupil of Kingsley (Edward Arnold, 1921)
Pope-Hennessy, Una. Canon Charles Kingsley. A Biography (Chatto & Windus, 1948)
Rapple, Brendan A. The Rev. Charles Kingsley. An Annotated Bibliography of Secondary Criticism 1900-2006 (Scarecrow Press, 2007)
Thorp, Margaret Farrand. Charles Kingsley 1819-1875 (Princeton University Press, 1937)
External links
Famous Quotes by Charles Kingsley
A painted bollard based on a water fairy unveiled in Whitchurch, Hampshire (photo within article)
Index entry for Charles Kingsley at Poets' Corner
Charles Kingsley collection, 1851–1871 at Pitts Theology Library, Candler School of Theology
1819 births
1875 deaths
19th-century Christian universalists
19th-century English Anglican priests
19th-century English novelists
19th-century English historians
Regius Professors of History (Cambridge)
Alumni of King's College London
Alumni of Magdalene College, Cambridge
Anglican socialists
Anglican universalists
Anglican writers
Burials in Hampshire
Canons of Westminster
Christian universalist clergy
Deaths from pneumonia in England
English Christian socialists
English Christian universalists
English historical novelists
English male novelists
English sermon writers
People educated at Bristol Grammar School
People from Barnack
People from Torridge District
Victorian novelists
Writers of historical fiction set in the Middle Ages
Clergy from Devon
The scaly babbler (Turdoides squamulata) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae.
It is found in Ethiopia, Kenya, and Somalia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
scaly babbler
Birds of the Horn of Africa
scaly babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Porta San Giovanni is a gate in the Aurelian Wall of Rome, Italy, named after the nearby Archbasilica of Saint John Lateran.
History
It is made up of a single grand arch built for Pope Gregory XIII in opera forse by Giacomo della Porta or, it is argued, Giacomo del Duca, who had collaborated with Michelangelo on the Porta Pia. The confusion is because the chronology of the era merely speaks of a famous architect called Giacomo. Popular tradition insists the architect was Della Porta, for he died in crowds at the gate, "which he had built" of violent indigestion brought on by melons and watermelons, returning from a trip to the Castelli Romani.
Inaugurated in 1574, it had been necessitated by the reorganization of the whole Lateran area to facilitate traffic to and from southern Italy. Its opening led to the definitive closure of the neighboring and more imposing Porta Asinaria, of Aurelian date, which was by the 1570s proving unable to sustain such a high level of traffic and almost unusable due to the progressive raising of the road level neighboring.
The commemorative inscription above the arch reads:
Its design is conceived as more like the entrance to a villa than as a defensive work, lacking side towers, ramparts, and battlements, and marked instead by pronounced rustication work and by a simple decorative scheme composed of a large bearded head atop the arch on the external side.
The road in fact gives access to the via Campana (now the Via Appia Nuova), which for its first 3 miles follows the route of the ancient Via Asinaria, then that of the Via Labicana. The name via Campana, it is presumed, derives both from the road's ultimate destination of Campania and from the Roman Campagna through which it runs.
Besides the historical and military events on its reliefs, the Porta San Giovanni is linked to popular Roman traditions, now almost entirely disappeared, especially that relating to the Notte di San Giovanni, on 23 June, the notte delle streghe, with a major festival. According to legend, on that night the ghost of Herodias, who had convinced her husband Herod Antipas to decapitate John the Baptist, organizes a witches' sabbath on the Lateran meadows – to chase them away, the Romans organised a big party with rattles and fireworks. The notti di S. Giovanni were always characterised by the custom of eating slugs, whose horns symbolised discord (the meaning of the tradition is much more recent) – the eaten slugs, thus, bury in the stomach all arguments and resentments that had accumulated over the previous year, giving the custom the meaning of reconciliation.
The modern Appio-Latino quarter, now outside the gate, was set up in 1926 by demolishing and building over houses, cottages, vineyards, inns, and meadows. To keep the gate viable, also in 1926 fornici were opened at its sides, which can still be seen today.
See also
Sources
External links
San Giovanni
Rome Q. VIII Tuscolano
Hector Rail is a Swedish-based independent train haulage provider operating in the European rail transport market, operating 50 locomotives. The company provides locomotives and drivers to freight customers who need to have whole unit trains hauled between two places with a regular timetable.
From start, the majority of the shareholders were the Høegh family from Norway, through Höegh Capital Partners. In September 2014, the company was sold to EQT Infrastructure II.
History
Hector Rail ran its first train on 12 December 2004, and now operates around 5 million train-km a year in Sweden and Norway. It began operating in Denmark and running trains from Sweden to Germany during January 2008. In 2009 Hector rail started to haul a passenger train, for Veolia. During 2016 Hector Rail took ownership of GB Railfreight after GBRF was purchased by EQT Partners. Between 2016-2019 Hector Rail operated Blå Tåget between Gothenburg-Stockholm-(Uppsala). In May 2021 Hector Rail began operating the trains for FlixTrain when they launched their services in Sweden.
Locomotives
The company operates diesel and electrically powered locomotives:
5 Class T66, ex GB Railfreight Class 66.
3 Class 141, ex ÖBB Class 1012 prototype locomotives (currently out of service due to poor reliablility)
12 Class 142, ex ÖBB Class 1142 locomotives, 11 in operation
8 Class 143, ex SJ Rc3 locomotives
12 Class 241, Bombardier TRAXX locomotives
8 Class 242, Siemens' ES64U2 EuroSprinter locomotives
20 Class 243, Siemens Vectron locomotives
2 Class 441, Siemens' ES64F4 EuroSprinter locomotives
4 Class 841, NOHAB diesel locomotives ex SJ T43
3 Class 921, diesel shunting locomotives ex SJ Z70
2 Class 941, Vossloh G 2000 BB diesel locomotives
2 Class 942, MaK 1205 diesel locomotives
The first digit indicates the number of different electrical voltages supported, but 8 for diesel-electric and 9 for diesel-hydraulic. The second digit is the number of axles, hinting the tractive effort.
Hector Rail previously owned 6 Class 161, ex NSB El 15 locomotives, but they were taken out of service in 2019 after deliveries of new Class 243 "Vectron" locomotives and were sold in 2020 to the Norwegian company Grenland Rail.
In Media
The railway was featured in a 2018 episode of Mighty Trains, showing newly-acquired Vectron locomotives hauling lumber from northern Sweden to the Ostrand pulp mill in Timrå, Sweden.
References
External links
Hector Rail
Hoegh
Railway companies of Sweden
Companies based in Stockholm County
In molecular biology the orange carotenoid N-terminal domain is a protein domain found predominantly at the N-terminus of the Orange carotenoid protein (OCP), and is involved in non-covalent binding of a carotenoid chromophore. It is unique for being present in soluble proteins, whereas the vast majority of domains capable of binding carotenoids are intrinsic membrane proteins. Thus far, it has exclusively been found in cyanobacteria, among which it is widespread. The domain also exists on its own, in uncharacterized cyanobacterial proteins referred to as "Red Carotenoid Protein" (RCP). The domain adopts an alpha-helical structure consisting of two four-helix bundles.
Orange carotenoid-binding proteins (OCP) were first identified in cyanobacterial species, where they occur associated with phycobilisome in the cellular thylakoid membrane. These proteins function in photoprotection, and are essential for non-photochemical quenching (NPQ). In full-length OCP, the NPQ activity is regulated by photoactivation by strong blue-green light. OCP seems to act as a homodimer, and binds one molecule of 3'-hydroxyechinenone (a ketocarotenoid) and one chloride ion per subunit. The carotenoid binding site is lined with a striking number of methionine residues. The N-terminal domain of OCP is usually accompanied by a C-terminal domain which belongs to the NTF2 superfamily and helps bind the carotenoid. OCP can be proteolytically cleaved into a red form (RCP), which lacks 15 residues from the N-terminus and approximately 150 residues from the C terminus. This domain is implicated in binding the phycobilisome complex, which thereby facilitates thermal dissipation (quenching) of excess absorbed light energy.
See also
NUTF2
Orange Carotenoid Protein
Carotenoprotein
Fluorescence recovery protein
NTF2 fold
References
Protein domains
Richard Roett (18 January 1943 – December 2002) was a Barbadian cyclist. He competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1943 births
2002 deaths
Barbadian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Barbados
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
EPG may refer to:
Eggs per gram, a parasitology test
Electrical penetration graph
Electronic program guide
Electropalatography
Eminent Persons Group (disambiguation)
Engin Principal du Génie, an armoured fighting vehicle of France
EPG model, a strategic business model
Epigen, a protein
Coccothrinax baracoensis is a palm which is endemic to southeastern Cuba.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. baracoensis to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama.
References
baracoensis
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1981
Two human polls comprised the 1955 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on November 28, at the end of the 1955 regular season, weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
Final Coaches' Poll
The final UP Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games, on November 28.
Oklahoma received 24 of the 35 first-place votes; Michigan State received seven, and two each to Maryland and UCLA.
Prior to the 1975 season, the Big Ten and Pacific Coast (later AAWU / Pac-8) conferences allowed only one postseason participant each, for the Rose Bowl.
The Ivy League has prohibited its members from participating in postseason football since the league was officially formed in 1954.
References
College football rankings
A goalie, goalkeeper or goaltender is a designated player in many sports who are charged with directly preventing the opposing team from scoring by intercepting shots at goal.
Specific goalie positions include:
Goalie (association football)
Goalie (handball)
Goalie (ice hockey)
Lacrosse:
Goalie (box lacrosse)
Goalie (field lacrosse)
Goalie (water polo)
Goalie may also refer to:
Goalie (comics), a character in the UK comic The Beano
Goalie (film), a 2019 Canadian film about Terry Sawchuk
"Goalie Goalie", 2018 football-related song by singers Arash, Nyusha, Pitbull; and record producer Blanco
See also
Rush goalie, also known as a fly goalie or fly keeper, is a variation of association football in which the role of the goalkeeper is more flexible
Goalkeeper (disambiguation)
Rent-a-Goalie, a Canadian comedy television series that aired on Showcase from 2006 to 2008
Friedrich Theodor Julius Schloepke (6 March 1812, Schwerin - 13 January 1878, Schwerin) was a German painter and illustrator. He worked in a wide variety of genres, including historical scenes, portraits and landscapes. Many of his paintings feature horses.
Life and works
He was born to Johann Carl Hermann Schloepke (1775–1823), a church organist, and his wife Anna Agnete Christiane, née Schumacher (1782–1819) After becoming orphaned, at the age of eleven, he was raised by an uncle. Initially apprenticed to a bookbinder, his displays of artistic talent led to an apprenticeship with a decorative painter named Michaelsen.
His first professional art lessons came in 1830, at a free weekend school for industrial apprentices, operated by the Masonic lodge. His teachers there were Georg Adolph Demmler and . When he had finished his studies there, he moved to Ludwigslust, where he painted miniature portraits on ivory and pictures of horses. In 1836, he went to Potsdam for further studies with Wilhelm Ternite and Franz Krüger.
He returned to Schwerin and settled there permanently in 1840. the Following year, he married Josephine Feliciane Eliza Lodoiska, née Roza (1814–1874). They had two sons and a daughter. In 1853, he was appointed a court painter and presented with a studio in Schwerin Castle. From 1855 to 1857, he visited Paris on behalf of his patron, Grand Duke Friedrich Franz II, and created works in cooperation with Horace Vernet. In 1863, he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Saxe-Ernestine House Order.
In addition to his portraits (notably that of Fritz Reuter), he is perhaps best known for his monumental canvas, "Niklot's Death", which was shown at several events, including the 1862 International Exhibition in London, and is currently on display at Schwerin Castle.
After Josephine's death, he became seriously ill. Despite an extended stay in Italy, his health failed to improve and he died the following year; aged sixty-five.
References
Further reading
Jürgen Borchert, 150 Schweriner. Persönlichkeiten aus der Kulturgeschichte, Demmler Verlag, 1992
Grete Grewolls, Wer war Wer in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Edition Temmen, 1995
External links
1812 births
1878 deaths
19th-century German painters
19th-century German male artists
German portrait painters
German history painters
People from Schwerin
