Púchov Zimny Arena is an indoor ice hockey venue in Púchov, Slovakia.
The arena has a capacity of 1,400 people, and is the home arena of HK Orange 20.
References
Indoor ice hockey venues in Slovakia
Buildings and structures in Trenčín Region
Sport in Trenčín Region
The Staff Band of the Norwegian Armed Forces () is the foremost of the military bands of the Norwegian Armed Forces and Norway's largest professional wind band, employing 39 full-time musicians. The band is based in Oslo and participates in parades and ceremonies for Norwegian royalty, the government and the armed forces, and tours throughout Norway and abroad. In addition, the band has an extensive concert schedule in the Oslo area.
FSMK has strong relations with the Norwegian National Opera, Norwegian Academy of Music, Akershus
Fortress Foundation for Art and Culture, Oslo Chamber Music Festival, and Ny Musikkk, the Norwegian section of the International Society for Contemporary Music. The band performs a wide variety of musical styles: classical and contemporary, as well as jazz and pop. FSMK works with renowned conductors from Norway and abroad, on a project basis. The Staff Band's recordings have consistently received critical acclaim.
History
Military music in Norway has its roots in the 17th century when the pipers (flautists) together with the drummers made up the first military bands. In 1641, all companies had drummers, pipers, trumpeters and horn players, that formed small ensembles. These ensembles performed different kinds of signals and fanfares at military operations and ceremonies, and were connected to the Akershus fortress. It was in 1818 that the first military ensembles similar to today's bands were created.
Within the Stabsmusikkorps ved Hærordningen of 1817, which was put into effect 1 January 1818, it was decided that the 2nd Agersusiske Brigade would have a military band, and the name was the 2. Brigades Musikkorps (military band). In 1918, all of the brigades were renamed to divisions, and subsequently the band's name changed to the 2nd Division Band. The band had this name until 1953, when the classification into divisions was abandoned, and the band was renamed Forsvarets stabsmusikkorps (Staff Band of the Norwegian Armed Forces).
In 2018, to commemorate their 200th anniversary, the band released an album with singer Angelina Jordan called It's Magic.
Historically, a number of famous Norwegian musicians were associated with the band, including Johannes Hanssen, Ole Olsen, Johan Halvorsen, and Johan Svendsen.
Ridehuset
In October 2007, FSMK moved into the newly restored Ridehuset på Akershus festning. Ridehuset, once a riding stable on the Akershus fortress, is now the permanent rehearsal and concert arena for Forsvarets stabsmusikkorps. Ridehuset is today a modern, stylish concert house tailored to the needs of Stabsmusikken. The households a large stage, wardrobes, a music library, storage facilities and seating for 200–250 people. Due in part to the excellent acoustics, Ridehuset has become a very popular arena for other ensembles in Oslo. The Oslo Philharmonic Orchestra, Oslo Sinfonietta and the Ultima festival, among others, held concerts in Ridehuset during the 2008/09 season.
References
External links
FSMKs website
Website for Forsvarets musikk
Norwegian military bands
Musical groups established in the 1810s
Military units and formations of Norway
Outram Park MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the East West line and North East line located on the boundary of Bukit Merah and Outram planning areas, Singapore, near the junction of Outram Road, Eu Tong Sen Street and New Bridge Road. It is the nearest MRT station to the Singapore General Hospital, Police Cantonment Complex, Outram Community Hospital and the Health Promotion Board.
Outram Park station is slated to become a triple-line interchange in 2022, joining Dhoby Ghaut MRT station and Marina Bay MRT station when Stage 3 of the Thomson–East Coast line opens.
History
East West line
Outram Park station was included in the early plans of the MRT network in May 1982. It was to be constructed as part of the Phase I MRT segment from the Novena to this station; this segment was targeted to be completed by December 1987. This segment was given priority as it passes through areas having a higher demand for public transport, such as the densely populated housing estates of Toa Payoh and Ang Mo Kio and the Central Area. The line was aimed to relieve the traffic congestion on the Thomson–Sembawang road corridor.
The contract for the construction of the station and of tunnels between the Tiong Bahru and Maxwell (now Tanjong Pagar) stations was awarded to a Japanese joint venture Ohbayashi-Gumi/Okumura Corporation in November 1983 at S$73.85 million (US$ million in ). During the construction of the station, the Outram Primary School had to be relocated for the construction of the station.
During the construction, a slip road from Outram Road to Eu Tong Sen Street had to be closed and sewer pipes had to be moved. The tunnel from Outram Park to Tiong Bahru was completed in September 1984.
Train services commenced on 12 December when the line extension to this station was officially completed. The station was part of a line service that ran continuously from Yishun station in the north to Lakeside station in the west. From 28 October 1989, it began to serve the EWL with the operational split of the MRT system.
North East line
In preliminary studies for the North East line (NEL) in 1986, it was planned for the line to terminate at this station rather than HarbourFront. In a later study in 1995, the plans for the NEL were extended to serve World Trade Centre. After plans for the new line were approved by the government in January 1996, it was announced by communications minister Mah Bow Tan in March 1996 that the station will interchange with NEL.
The East West line station upgrading was completed on 12 October 2002. Construction began in September 2000 for their lift access in the station for the disabled.
Thomson–East Coast line
On 29 August 2012, LTA announced Outram Park station would interchange with the proposed Thomson Line. At the same time, the Singapore Land Authority announced the acquisition of Pearls Centre, giving residents three years to vacate the premises, so as to facilitate tunneling works under the complex.
On 15 August 2014, LTA announced that the Thomson Line will be integrated into the Thomson–East Coast line (TEL). Outram Park will be constructed as part of Phase 3, consisting of 13 stations between Mount Pleasant and Gardens by the Bay. On 9 March 2022, Transport Minister S Iswaran announced in Parliament that Stage 3 (Caldecott to Gardens by the Bay via Napier), would open in the second half of 2022.
Contract T220 for the design and construction of Outram Park TEL Station and associated tunnels was awarded to Daelim Industrial Co. Ltd at a sum of S$301 million in May 2014. Construction started in 2014, with completion expected in June 2022.
As part of the construction works, the existing station complex was upgraded to improve capacity. A new entrance was constructed on the other side of Outram Road, providing access to the healthcare developments opposite the East West Line station. The existing, narrow linkway connecting the North East line and East West line was replaced with a new linkway on 29 May 2022, featuring improved directional signages and travelators. The former linkway will connect to the Thomson-East coastline platforms.
Incidents
On 17 August 2007, a fake bomb threat was made from a public phone located at the concourse of the MRT station. The police later arrested two suspects, a 13-year-old boy and a 15-year-old boy. Upon consultation, the younger of the two was let off with a warning while the older of the two was charged in a Juvenile Court.
On 6 March 2008, the North East line sector of the station was the site of a rare police shooting incident, in which a 43-year old Lim Bock Song, who had earlier fatally stabbed odd-job worker Tan Ah Chang at a coffeeshop at Jalan Kukoh, was shot by a police officer after threatening the officer with the knife. Four platform screen doors in the centre in the direction of HarbourFront were affected due to the police cordon which lasted two hours and passengers had to use other doors to board and alight. However, train services were unaffected. A subsequent coroner's inquiry conducted for the shooting of Lim Bock Song ruled that the shooting was a case of justifiable homicide. The man was shot after charging at police officer Azli Othman with a knife. District Judge Yeo ruled the shooting was without any criminal intent.
On 29 July 2008, a man made a phone call to the police about a false bomb threat at the concourse area of the station. The man was believed to be in his 40s and was of fair complexion. He was wearing a blue and white polo T-shirt, beige Bermudas and black slippers. He was seen leaving the MRT station with two plastic bags – one red and the other white.
On 15 March 2012, more than 117,000 commuters were affected during a peak hour train breakdown between Dhoby Ghaut and HarbourFront, caused by faulty overhead power cables at the tunnel of the Outram Park that had snapped. A second problem was discovered relating to electricity insulation, delaying the service further. Train services resumed at 4:35 pm after nearly 10 hours of disruption making it the third breakdown in 4 months. Subsequently, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) intends to impose financial penalties amounting to S$400,000 on SBS Transit for the train service disruption along the North East line on that day.
Notes and references
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
SBS Transit's Outram Park MRT station official website
Outram Park to Changi Airport MRT station route
Bukit Merah
Outram, Singapore
Tanjong Pagar
Chinatown, Singapore
Railway stations opened in 1987
Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) stations
1987 establishments in Singapore
Little Lord Fauntleroy is a novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett. It was published as a serial in St. Nicholas Magazine from November 1885 to October 1886, then as a book by Scribner's (the publisher of St. Nicholas) in 1886. The illustrations by Reginald B. Birch set fashion trends and the novel set a precedent in copyright law when Burnett won a lawsuit in 1888 against E. V. Seebohm over the rights to theatrical adaptations of the work.
Plot
In a shabby New York City side street in the mid-1880s, young Cedric Errol lives with his mother (known to him as "Dearest") in genteel poverty after the death of his father, Captain Cedric Errol. One day, they are visited by an English lawyer named Havisham with a message from young Cedric's grandfather, the Earl of Dorincourt, a millionaire who despises the United States and was very disappointed when his youngest son married an American woman. With the deaths of his father's elder brothers, Cedric has now inherited the title Lord Fauntleroy and is the heir to the earldom and a vast estate. Cedric's grandfather wants him to live in England and be educated as an English aristocrat. He offers his son's widow a house and guaranteed income, but he refuses to have anything to do with her, even after she declines his money.
However, the Earl is impressed by the appearance and intelligence of his American grandson and is charmed by his innocent nature. Cedric believes his grandfather to be an honorable man and benefactor, and the Earl cannot disappoint him. The Earl therefore becomes a benefactor to his tenants, to their delight, though he takes care to let them know that their benefactor is the child, Lord Fauntleroy.
Meanwhile, back in New York, a homeless bootblack named Dick Tipton tells Cedric's old friend Mr. Hobbs, a New York City grocer, that a few years prior, after the death of his parents, Dick's older brother Benjamin married an awful woman who got rid of their only child together after he was born and then left. Benjamin moved to California to open a cattle ranch while Dick ended up in the streets. At the same time, a neglected pretender to Cedric's inheritance appears in England, the pretender's mother claiming that he is the offspring of the Earl's eldest son, Bevis. The claim is investigated by Dick and Benjamin, who come to England and recognize the woman as Benjamin's former wife. She flees, and the Tipton brothers and the pretender, Benjamin's son, do not see her again. Afterward, Benjamin goes back to his cattle ranch in California where he happily raises his son by himself. The Earl is reconciled to his American daughter-in-law, realizing that she is far superior to the impostor.
The Earl planned to teach his grandson how to be an aristocrat. Instead, Cedric teaches his grandfather that an aristocrat should practice compassion towards those dependent on him. The Earl becomes the man Cedric always innocently believed him to be. Cedric is happily reunited with his mother and with Mr. Hobbs, who decides to stay to help look after Cedric.
Impact on fashion
The Fauntleroy suit (see also Buster Brown suit), so well described by Burnett and realised in Reginald Birch's detailed pen-and-ink drawings, created a fad for formal dress for American middle-class children:
The Fauntleroy suit appeared in Europe as well but nowhere was it as popular as in America. The classic Fauntleroy suit was a velvet cut-away jacket and matching knee pants, worn with a fancy blouse and a large lace or ruffled collar. These suits appeared right after the publication of Burnett's story (1885) and were a major fashion for boys until after the turn of the 20th century. Many boys who did not wear an actual Fauntleroy suit wore suits with Fauntleroy elements, such as a fancy blouse or floppy bow. Only a minority of boys wore ringlet curls with these suits, but the photographic record confirms that many boys did.
It was most popular for boys about 3–8 years of age, but some older boys wore them as well. It has been speculated that the popularity of the style encouraged many mothers to breech their boys earlier than before, and it was a factor in the decline of the fashion for dressing small boys in dresses and other skirted garments. Clothing that Burnett popularised was modelled on the costumes which she tailored herself for her two sons, Vivian and Lionel.
Reception
Polly Hovarth writes that Little Lord Fauntleroy "was the Harry Potter of his time and Frances Hodgson Burnett was as celebrated for creating him as J. K. Rowling is for Potter." During the serialisation in St. Nicholas magazine, readers looked forward to new installments. The fashions in the book became popular with velvet Lord Fauntleroy suits being sold, as well as other Fauntleroy merchandise such as velvet collars, playing cards, and chocolates. During a period when sentimental fiction was the norm, and in the United States the "rags to riches" story popular, Little Lord Fauntleroy was a hit.
Edith Nesbit included in her own children's book The Enchanted Castle (1907) a rather unflattering reference:
Gerald could always make himself look interesting at a moment's notice (...) by opening his grey eyes rather wide, allowing the corners of his mouth to droop, and assuming a gentle, pleading expression, resembling that of the late little Lord Fauntleroy who must, by the way, be quite old now, and an awful prig.
Adaptations
Stage
In 1888, after discovering her novel had been plagiarized for the stage, Burnett successfully sued and then wrote her own theatrical adaptation of Little Lord Fauntleroy. It opened 14 May 1888, at Terry's Theatre in London, and was presented in the English provinces, France, Boston and New York City.
The Broadway production of Burnett's play opened 10 December 1888, at the Broadway Theatre, New York City. The original cast follows:
Earl of Dorincourt – J. H. Gilmour
Cedric Errol (Lord Fauntleroy) – Elsie Leslie and Tommy Russell
Mr. Havisham, a Solicitor – F. F. Mackay
Mr. Hobbs, a Grocer – George A. Parkhurst
Dick, a Bootblack – Frank E. Lamb
Higgins, a Farmer – John Swinburne
Wilkins, a Groom – Alfred Klein
Thomas, a Footman – John Sutherland
James, a Servant – T. J. Plunkett
Mrs. Errol ("Dearest") – Kathryn Kidder
Minna – Alice Fischer
Mary – Effie Germon
Touring versions of the play were common in the late 19th and early 20th century. A 1906 version cast 11 year old Buster Keaton in the role of Lord Fauntleroy.
In 1994, an Australian open-air/site specific theatre production of Little Lord Fauntleroy, adapted by Julia Britton and directed by Robert Chuter, was presented in the historical gardens of the National Trust of Australia (Victoria) property Rippon Lea.
Film and television
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1914), a British silent film, one of the last made in Kinemacolor, directed by F. Martin Thornton, starring Gerald Royston (Cedric); H. Agar Lyons (The Earl); Jane Wells (Dearest); Bernard Vaughan (Mr. Havisham); F. Tomkins (Mr. Hobbs); and Harry Edwards (Dick).
Little Lord Fauntleroy (A Kis Lord) (1918), a Hungarian silent film, directed by Alexander Antalffy, starring Tibor Lubinszky (Cedric); Alexander Antalffy (The Earl); Giza Báthory (Dearest); József Hajdú (Mr. Havisham); Jenõ Horváth (Mr. Hobbs); Ernõ Kenessey (Dick).
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1921), an American silent film, directed by Alfred E. Green and Jack Pickford, starring Mary Pickford (Cedric & Dearest); Claude Gillingwater (The Earl); Joseph J. Dowling (Mr. Havisham); James A. Marcus (Mr. Hobbs); Fred Malatesta (Dick).
L'ultimo Lord (1926), an Italian silent film, directed by Augusto Genina, starring Carmen Boni (Freddie). Based on L'ultimo Lord by Ugo Falena.
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1936), arguably the best-known adaptation, directed by John Cromwell, starring Freddie Bartholomew (Cedric); C. Aubrey Smith (The Earl); Dolores Costello (Dearest); Henry Stephenson (Mr. Havisham); Guy Kibbee (Mr. Hobbs); Mickey Rooney (Dick).
Il ventesimo duca (1945), an Italian film, directed by Lucio De Caro, starring Paola Veneroni ("Freddie"). Based on L'ultimo Lord by Ugo Falena.
O Pequeno Lorde (1957), Brazilian TV movie, directed da Júlio Gouveia and Antonino Seabra, starring Rafael Neto (Cedric).
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1957), an American TV miniseries, starring Richard O'Sullivan (Cedric).
Il piccolo Lord (1960), an Italian TV miniseries (sceneggiato) aired on RAI, directed by Vittorio Brignole, starring Sandro Pistolini (Cedric); Michele Malaspina (The Earl); Andreina Paul (Dearest); Attilio Ortolani (Mr. Havisham); Giuseppe Mancini (Mr. Hobbs); Ermanno Anfossi (Dick).
Der kleine Lord (1962), a German TV film aired on Bayerischer Rundfunk (BR), directed by Franz Josef Wild, starring Manfred Kunst (Cedric); Albrecht Schoenhals (The Earl); Gertrud Kückelmann (Dearest); Sigfrit Steiner (Mr. Havisham); Eric Pohlmann (Mr. Hobbs); Michael Ande.
Lille Lord Fauntleroy (1966), a Norwegian TV film, directed by Alfred Solaas, starring Gøsta Hagenlund (Cedric).
Il Piccolo Lord (1971), an Italian TV movie, directed by Luciano Emmer, starring Ellen and Alice Kessler, Johnny Dorelli, Dina Perbellini, and Alice Rossi.
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1976), a BBC TV miniseries, directed by Paul Annett, starring Glenn Anderson (Cedric); Paul Rogers (the Earl); Jennie Linden (Dearest); Preston Lockwood (Mr. Havisham); Ray Smith (Mr. Hobbs); Paul D'Amato (Dick).
As one installment in 1977 of the late 1970s children's television show Once Upon a Classic
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1980), a popular adaptation, directed by Jack Gold, starring Ricky Schroder (Cedric); Alec Guinness (The Earl); Connie Booth (Dearest); Eric Porter (Mr. Havisham); Colin Blakely (Mr. Hobbs); and Rolf Saxon (Dick). This film has become a Christmas classic in Germany.
The Adventures of Little Lord Fauntleroy was an 1982 TV movie, directed by Desmond Davis and Starring Jerry Supiran (Cedric); John Mills (The Earl), and Caroline Smith (Dearest). .
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1988), a Japanese anime series, also known as Shōkōshi Cedie (小公子セディ Shōkōshi Sedi, trans. Little Prince Cedie), directed by Kōzō Kusuba, spanning 43 episodes (20–25-minute each per episode) based on the same novel. The anime has been translated in many languages, notably French, German, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, Tagalog, Polish and Arabic. In this adaptation (and in the Filipino film adaptation based on it), Mrs. Errol is named "Annie."
Il Piccolo Lord/Der kleine Lord (1994), an Italian and German co–production TV movie, aired on RAI and ARD, directed by Gianfranco Albano, starring Francesco De Pasquale (Cedric) and Mario Adorf (The Earl).
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1995), a BBC TV mini-series adaptation by Julian Fellowes, directed by Andrew Morgan, starring Michael Benz (Cedric) and George Baker (The Earl).
Cedie: Ang Munting Prinsipe (Cedie: The Little Prince) (1996), a Filipino film adaptation, directed by Romy Suzara, starring Tom Taus.
Radosti i pechali malenʹkogo lorda (Little lord's joy and sorrow) (Радости и печали маленького лорда) (2003), a Russian film, directed by Ivan Popov, starring Aleksey Vesyolkin (Cedric).
Die kleine Lady (2012), an Austrian TV movie aired on ZDF, directed by Gernot Roll, starring Philippa Schöne in the role of a little Countess.
References
Sources
Rutherford, L.M. (1994), "British Children's Writers 1880–1914", in Laura M. Zaldman, Dictionary of Literary Biography, Volume 141, Detroit: Gale Research Literature Resource Center
External links
Little Lord Fauntleroy suits
1880s fashion
1886 British novels
1886 American novels
American children's novels
American novels adapted into films
American novels adapted into plays
British novels adapted into films
British novels adapted into plays
Children's clothing
English-language novels
Novels adapted into operas
American novels adapted into television shows
British novels adapted into television shows
Novels by Frances Hodgson Burnett
Novels first published in serial form
Works originally published in St. Nicholas Magazine
1880s children's books
Mariia Persidskaia (born 28 December 1991) is a Russian judoka.
SHe is the bronze medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Slam Tbilisi in the -48 kg category.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Russian female judoka
Universiade medalists in judo
Universiade bronze medalists for Russia
Medalists at the 2017 Summer Universiade
20th-century Russian women
21st-century Russian women
A triple divide or triple watershed is a point on the Earth's surface where three drainage basins meet. A triple divide results from the intersection of two drainage divides. Triple divides range from prominent mountain peaks to minor side peaks, down to simple slope changes on a ridge which are otherwise unremarkable. The elevation of a triple divide can be thousands of meters to barely above sea level. Triple divides are a common hydrographic feature of any terrain that has rivers, streams and/or lakes.
Topographic triple divides do not necessarily respect the underground path of water. Thus, depending on the infiltration and the different geological layers, the hydrologic triple divide is often offset from the topographic triple divide.
A hydrological apex is a triple divide whose waters flow into three different oceans. Triple Divide Peak in the US State of Montana is the only such place on Earth.
North America
North America has 3 triple divides in the United States which are intersections of continental divides, and a fourth one in British Columbia. Waters at these triple divides flow into three different oceans, seas or gulfs. Triple Divide Peak in Montana is considered the triple divide "hydrological apex" of North America, though Snow Dome on the Alberta-British Columbia border also has a claim depending on how the Arctic and Atlantic oceans are defined. North America is the only continent that has a triple point dividing basins draining into three different oceans. Where the Continental Divide splits and joins to form the boundary of the Great Divide Basin, it forms two triple points.
Other points are often considered to be triple divides because they separate basins of continental rivers.
Headwaters Hill in Saguache County, Colorado, near Chester (Arkansas River, Rio Grande River, Colorado River). This point has only a weak claim to being a continental triple divide because both the Rio Grande and Arkansas Rivers flow into the Gulf of Mexico. ()
The highest elevation () significant triple divide in the lower 48 states of the United States, located in Kings Canyon National Park in Fresno/Inyo counties, California, is a sub-peak of Mount Wallace of the central Sierra Nevada:
Crumbly Spire or Mount Wallace South Peak, Fresno/Inyo counties, California (Tulare Lake via Kings River, Owens Lake via Owens River, Pacific Ocean via San Joaquin River) ()
Numerous other triple divide points result from intersection of river basin divides, including:
Young Lick Knob, Georgia (Savannah, Apalachicola, Mississippi) ()
South America
There are triple points in South America where the divide splits.
Europe
Africa
An unnamed hill on the border between the Central African Republic and South Sudan: the exact point is at . Water from this point flows to the Atlantic Ocean via the Congo River, to the Mediterranean Sea via the Nile, or to endorheic Lake Chad. At this point meet the second, third and eighth largest drainage basins in the world, making it one of the most important triple divides on earth.
Australia
Australia has two Continental Drainage Divide Tripoints, both close to each other along Queensland's Great Dividing Range. Both are named after two 1845 exploration party leaders who sought to solve the question of Australia's rivers, Thomas Mitchell and Edmund Kennedy.
Mitchell Junction is in North Queensland, on Triple C Pastoral Station, near the White Mountains National Park. Water falling on the tripoint can flow either to the Pacific Ocean via the Burdekin River, to the Indian Ocean, via the Flinders River flowing to the Gulf Of Carpentaria and the Indonesian Throughflow and lastly to Lake Eyre via Cooper Creek. approximately
Kennedy Junction is in Central Queensland, on Caldervale Station, near Carnarvon National Park. Water falling on the tripoint can flow either to the Pacific Ocean via the Fitzroy River, to the Southern Ocean, via Murray/Darling River and to Lake Eyre via Cooper Creek.
Asia
Asia is dominated by endorheic basins. There is a point in southern China where the Pacific Ocean, Indian Ocean, and endorheic basins meet and another point in northern China where the Pacific Ocean, endorheic and Arctic Ocean basins meet.
Antarctica
Antarctica is completely circled by the Southern Ocean, and so it has no triple divides.
Older definitions of the oceans did not include the Southern Ocean, and instead had the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Oceans touch the shores of Antarctica. Based on this outdated definition, Dome Argus is the highest point in the East Antarctic ice sheet and could be considered a triple divide if you assume that the ice forms a watershed. ()
See also
Continental divide
References
Drainage basins
Hydrology
Drainage divides
The Hong Kong Baptist Theological Seminary, located in Hong Kong, China, is a Baptist seminary. It is affiliated with the Baptist Convention of Hong Kong.
History
The school was founded in 1951 by the Baptist Convention of Hong Kong on the premises of Kowloon City Baptist Church. In 1958, it inaugurated a new campus. In 1999, it moved to its current building.
Programs
The school offers programs in evangelical theology, whose
licentiate, master and doctorate.
References
External links
Official site
Baptist seminaries and theological colleges
Evangelicalism in Hong Kong
(born 21 March, 1992) is a Japanese fashion model and an actress. She was once a model for the teen magazine Candy and later moved to model for another fashion magazine, Seventeen. She left Seventeen in 2011. She became an actress in spring 2007, appearing and starring in several TV dramas. She is now currently a model for Japanese magazine Non-no. She is half Korean on her mother's side.
Filmography
Film
TV drama
Radio
All Night Nippon R (June 2008)
J-Wave Tokyo Morning Radio (September 2011)
Promotional video
Oasis (September 5, 2007)
Yakusoku (November 14, 2007)
Kiseki (February 13, 2008)
Promise You (February 3, 2009)
Tabidachi Graffiti (November 24, 2010)
References
External links
Agency profile
Official Ameba blog
1992 births
Japanese television actresses
Japanese female models
Living people
People from Nagoya
Japanese actresses of Korean descent
Japanese film actresses
21st-century Japanese actresses
Tinpahar Junction railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated at Tin Pahar in Sahebganj district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
References
Railway stations in Sahibganj district
Malda railway division
Railway junction stations in Jharkhand
Maria Ilieva () is a Bulgarian singer, songwriter and producer. She is recognized as one of the most successful female vocal artists of the contemporary Bulgarian music scene. In the last over 20 years of active solo career, she has released over 30 hit singles, two award winning studio albums, a maxi single and the greatest hits album. She has received over 40 awards for music and style.
Alongside her music career, Ilieva was a judge on the first, second and third seasons of X factor (Bulgaria) and part of the judging panel of The Masked Singer (Bulgarian TV series) season 1. In 2019 she finished second in the 8th season of the Bulgairan version of Your Face Sounds Familiar. She has appeared in a number of Bulgarian and international films and TV series.
Maria has taken part in a vast number of social and philanthropy activities supporting regional and national causes.
Early life
Maria Ilieva was born in Veliko Tarnovo, Bulgaria, in a family of musicians. Her mother, Vanya Moneva, is the choir-master of the Vanya Moneva female choir and her late father, Krasimir Iliev, was the conductor of Sofia Wind Orchestra. Trained pianist since the age of five, she developed her vocal skills as a member of the “Petko Stainov” Choir Academy.
Ilieva graduated from the Sofia High School of Mathematics. She proceeded to receive a master's degree in Insurance and a master's degree in International Relations.
Her career as a performing vocal artist started in the late 1990 as the lead vocalist of the bands Visoko and Kaffe Band – the latter best known abroad for representing Bulgaria at the 2005 Eurovision Song Contest.
Music career
Moon Dream (2001 single & album)
The launch of Maria Ilieva's solo career is marked by the release of her first single "Moon Dream" in the summer of 2001. The album (also titled Moon Dream) was duly released later on in the year, having been described by a Bulgarian website as a phenomenon in BG pop music.
Singles released from the album ("Moon Dream", "Nothing") have gone straight to No.1 in all leading Bulgarian radio and television pop charts, while "Alright" (produced in collaboration with the avant-garde soul-funk band TE), shot to fame by staying on the top of Bulgarian Top 100 chart for an unprecedented 13 successive weeks.
Stereo Room (2002 maxi single)
Ilieva's next project, Stereo Room, included remixes by Bulgarian DJs. The single "Stereo room" was the first completely animated Bulgarian music video produced.
I Come To You (2007 album)
After establishing her own record label "MI Productions" in 2003, Maria Ilieva worked in collaboration with Bulgarian and American musicians, songwriters and producers to record her album I Come To You, including the singles:
"What Does It Take" – first single released in English /video produced in Los Angeles, USA/, went straight to No.1 as a new entry on MM TV's TOP 20;
"Idvash kam men" (You come to me) – Ilieva's first ballad single;
"Kradena Lubov" (Born for love) – duet single with Bulgarian male vocalist/composer Graffa, whose video went to No.6 on MTV Europe's World Chart Express;
"Off the Record" – Ilieva's first collaboration with a hip-hop artist – Knas /Knas&Bacardi/ – 3 weeks at No.1 – Out of 5 charts of Bulgarian national television;
"Minalo" (Past) – a single that has gone to No.1 on "BG Radio's TOP 20" chart and stayed there for 5 weeks;
"On My Own" – a single dedicated to the fight against human trafficking and forced prostitution. Official world premiere – 24 March 2007, at The stars of Europe concert, dedicated to the 50th anniversary of EU, broadcast on 56 national TV stations worldwide;
"Dumi" (Words) – went straight to No.1 on MM TV's TOP 20 three weeks after its release. Premiered on MTV Europe on 24.11.07.
Truly (2009 single)
“Truly", the pilot single from Maria's upcoming album, is a vocal house duet song with the American DJ/songwriter/producer Keith Thompson, best known for his remarkable collaboration "Break 4 Love" with David Vendetta. The Bassmonkeys' remix of "Truly" topped BG Radio's weekly Top 20 chart and remained at No1 for six consecutive weeks, a precedent in the chart's history, and won the Best Duet Award at the ceremony in 2010. "Truly" also won the Best SEE Pop Song at the SEEME Awards in 2010. A phenomenal success for the single was its reaching the top position at the number 1 Australian dance radio station ZFM's chart. It was also rotated on the most popular online Argentinean radio station SonicFM.
I Like (2010 single)
“I Like", Maria's following hit single, reached the No. 1 positions in all the national music charts. It stayed at No. 1 at Eurochannel's Prime Time Top 10 chart for three consecutive months.
O Primeiro Grande Amor – a duet with Tony Carreira
In 2012 at the Top of the Top festival in Poland Maria Ilieva met Tony Carreira, a multi platinum Portuguese singer-songwriter who later invited her to record a duet for his upcoming album "Essencial" orchestrated by the London Symphonic Orchestra. "O Primeiro Grande Amor" (The first big love) is recorded in studio Guillaume Tell in Paris, and the album became four times platinum within three months of its release.
2013 singles – "Wanna Be The Best", "Igraya stilno", "Uslovie #1"
In 2013 Maria released three singles, two in collaboration and one solo. "Wanna Be The Best" by KNAS and the Swedish hip-hop artist Bacardy featuring Maria Ilieva took over the clubs in Bulgaria and quickly turns into a summer hit. "Igraya stilno", Maria's long anticipated solo single carries the singer's unique vibe and style. A remix by the Bulgarian musician/composer Dexter turned into a massive club hit. Maria's next project, the reggae hit "Uslovie #1" (Rule #1) took Maria's fans to a whole new experience. The song is a duet with Zafayah, part of the best Eastern European reggae band Roots Rocket.
"Vidimo dovolni" – a duet with Krisko
In 2014 Maria records a duet with the hip-hop artist / beatmaker in the country – Krisko. Their song "Vidimo dovolni" was the most rotated song for 2014 and one of the biggest Bulgarian internet hit of all time back in the days with over 35 million views on YouTube (as of July 2022).
"Neka Vali" (2016 single)
One of Maria's most distinguished ballads cowritten by her.
"Vsichko" & "Ne si gotov (Vsichko p. 2)" (2018 singles)
Both songs cowritten by Maria, and the latter features the hottest Bulgarian trap musicians V:RGO & TRF.
"Vsichko - nay-dobroto ot Maria Ilieva" (2018 Greatest hits album)
Maria's first Greatest hits album features 16 original tracks and four remixes, including 11 unreleased hit singles. It is referred to as the "music gem".
"Fuego" & "Contigo" / "Tvoya" (2019 & 2020 singles)
Maria's music style got a twist into the dancehall / latin genres with the two songs she released in Spanish one of which got a Bulgarian language version as well. Both were written by the Romanian producers Global Records.
"Ostani Tazi Nosht" (2021 single)
Maria starred in and performed the OST of a Bulgarian TV show Portalat (The Portal, 2021 Miramar Films / BNT). "Ostani Tazi Nosht" is written by renowned Bulgarian authors Rafi Zhamakortsyan and Damyan Damyanov.
"Lubov" (2022 single)
The first song entirely written by Maria Ilieva herself. The power ballad is often considered a peak in Maria's career so far.
Stereo Room – the record label
In 2007 Maria Ilieva founded her new label to promote young Bulgarian talent called "Stereo Room". This record label aims at producing and promoting young talented singers from Bulgaria. Special auditions took place in the beginning of 2008 and the first artist – Krista – was selected. Her debut single, "Tova, koeto iskash", went straight to No. 1 at all the national music charts and reached No. 2 on MTV Europe's World Chart Express. The second artist produced by Stereo Room is B.O.Y.A.N. and his first single's ("It's Over") video premiere is on MAD TV on 9 February 2009. Other of the label's signed artists include "Imam", "Za teb", "Silna lyubov" (feat. Spens) and "Incomplete" – Krista; "Pop Trash", "Teen Life" – MONA; "Komplimenti" – KNAS feat. B.O.Y.A.N.
==
Discography
Concerts
Billed as a top star at all established regional music festivals, Maria has performed alongside such greats as Glenn Hughes (Deep Purple), Simply Red, the Scorpions, Lou Bega, Zucchero, Gipsy Kings, James Arthur, Tony Carreira and others, and has been opening for artists such as George Michael, Simple Minds, Dannii Minogue, Atomic Kitten, Garaj Mahal.
Maria is a headliner at some of the most prestigious music festivals in South-East Europe, such as Apolonia, Bansko Jazz Fest, Music Jam, etc. and has had a number of concert and gig tours across Bulgaria, Austria, Germany, Belgium, Serbia, Romania, Macedonia, UK, USA.
In 2007 she was invited to represent Bulgaria as the only Eastern European artist in the Stars of Europe concert commemorating the 50th anniversary of the European Union in Brussels. The event was broadcast to nearly half a billion viewers all over the world.
Since 2008 Maria has toured the country with symphonic orchestras. This unique collaboration was perceived extremely well among the audience and media.
In 2011 Maria commemorated 10 years since the beginning of her solo career with a national tour. The final concert in Sofia took place on the largest scene ever built in Bulgaria for a Bulgarian music artist and was labelled a performance of the highest class.
In August 2012 she was invited to represent Bulgaria at the Top of The Top Festival in Sopot, Poland, which brought together the biggest stars of 16 European countries.
In 2013 Maria is a special guest of Tony Carreira's world tour during his three concerts in the legendary Olympia hall in Paris and two concerts in MEO Arena in Lisbon, Portugal.
In March 2015 Maria performed at the most technologically advanced hall on the Balkans – Sofia Event Center. The concert was highly praised by fans and critics.
A national tour "Vsichko - nay-dobroto ot Maria Ilieva" supporting the Greatest hits album took place in 2019 and visited the summer theaters in Plovdiv, Burgas & Varna, and finished in Hall 1 of the National Palace of Culture in Sofia.
Awards
Maria Ilieva has been awarded the Woman of the Year award by GRAZIA magazine Bulgaria in 2006, 2009, 2011, 2013, and 2018, and has been ranked as the most influential female celebrity by FORBES magazine Bulgaria for 2013, 2014 and 2015.
Her music and style awards include:
2022
Best Female Artist - BG Radio Music Awards
2019
Best Female Artist - BG Radio Music Awards
Woman of the Decade - Woman.bg
2018
Woman of the Year - Grazia Magazine Awards
2016
Best collaboration – "Taka da e" (with Atanas Kolev) – 359 Hip-Hop Awards
2015
Best song – "Vidimo dovolni" (with Krisko) – BG Radio Music Awards
Best song – “Vidimo dovolni” (with Krisko) – 359 Hip-Hop Awards
Best collaboration – “Vidimo dovolni” (with Krisko) – 359 Hip-Hop Awards
Most rotated song on The Voice TV channel – “Vidimo dovolni” (with Krisko) – a special award from The Voice TV, 359 Hip-Hop Awards
Most liked, commented and shared video on Vbox7 – “Vidimo dovolni” (with Krisko) – a special award from Vbox7, 359 Hip-Hop Awards
2014
Best Lyrics (Igraya Stilno) - BG Radio Music Awards
2013
Most Stylish Woman – Grazia Magazine Awards
2008
Best Female Artist – MM TV Music Awards
Most Stylish Woman Award – Bravo FM Group
2007
Best Album ("I Come To You"/M.I.Productions) – MM TV Awards
Most Stylish Singer as announced by Elle Magazine
Golden Pen Award – for a Special Contribution to Bulgarian Culture – Classic FM Radio/MAKTA
2006
Best Female Artist – BG Radio Music Awards
Woman of the Year – Grazia Magazine/Avon Awards
2005
Best Female Artist Award – BG Radio Music Awards
Best Style Award – Bravo FM Group
2004
Best Female Artist – Melo TV Mania, BNT
Best website of the year – International Media Festival Albena
Best Hairstyle – Pantene Beauty Awards
2002–2003
Best Female Artist – BG Radio Music Awards
Best Female Artist – MM TV Awards
Best Female Artist – Rhythm Magazine Awards
Best Video Award (Nishto) – Rhythm Magazine Awards Най-добра изпълнителка – BG Radio Music Awards
2001–2002
Best Debut – Melo TV Mania, Bulgarian National Television
est Debut – MM TV Awards
Best Video (Moon Dream) – BG Radio Music Awards
Best Video (Moon Dream) – Forte Top 100 Awards, Bulgarian National Television
Best Female Artist – BG Radio Music Awards
Best Female Artist – Forte Top 100, Bulgarian National Television
Filmography
Social engagements
Apart from her music career, Maria Ilieva has been dedicated to a number of important social engagements and causes, such as:
2018 – present – Official Spokesperson and Goodwill Ambassador for UNICEF's campaign “For every child, #EarlyMomentsMatter”
2018 – Goodwill ambassador for JAMBA's campaign “Equality means more” aiming to integrate the persons with disabilities into the society
2018 – present – Official Spokesperson for the National Cause Movement's campaign “Do it for Bulgaria” aiming at increasing the country's birth-rate
2012 – present – Official Spokesperson for Teach For Bulgaria foundation facilitating equal access to education for every Bulgarian child
2009 – present – Member of the Managing Board of the Bulgarian Organization for collective management of neighbouring music rights PROPHON
2008 – present – Spokesperson for ICanToo foundation's campaign to help us to raise funds for the needs of children with disabilities
2007 – Ambassador of the European Year of Equal Opportunities for All
2006 – 2007 – Official Spokesperson for Face to Face Foundation's Campaign Against Human Trafficking and Forced Prostitution
2006 – Official Spokesperson for Standard daily newspaper Fund-raiser Initiative for Talented Children
2005 – present – Official Spokesperson for the Avon Cosmetics' Campaign Against Breast Cancer, a part of the global initiative for breast cancer awareness and prevention
Brand ambassador / spokesperson
• 2013 – 2014 – Official Mtel Brand Ambassador and celebrity spokesperson
• 2013 – Official Avon Sensuelle Brand Ambassador and celebrity spokesperson
• 2009 – 2010 – Official KitKat Senses Brand Ambassador and celebrity spokesperson
• 2008 – 2009 – Official Société Générale Expressbank Brand Ambassador and celebrity spokesperson
• 2006 – 2007 – Official spokesperson for BMW
• 2005 – 2007 – Official celebrity spokesperson for Haute Couture designer NEVENA
• 2003 – 2005 – Official Pantene Pro-V Brand Ambassador and celebrity Spokesperson
References
External links
Official Facebook profile
Maria Ilieva on YouTube
Maria Ilieva on Instagram
Stereo Room official website
Living people
People from Veliko Tarnovo
21st-century Bulgarian women singers
1977 births
X Factor (Bulgarian TV series)
University of National and World Economy alumni
The Abadan Crisis ( Bohrân Nafti Irân, "Iran Oil Crisis") occurred from 1951 to 1954, after Iran nationalised the Iranian assets of the BP controlled Anglo-Iranian Oil Company (AIOC) and expelled Western companies from oil refineries in the city of Abadan (see Abadan Refinery).
Prelude
The AIOC was the United Kingdom's "single largest overseas asset" and a "source of national pride" in the British post-war era of Clement Attlee, and Ernest Bevin. Even as late as the "1940s and early 1950s some high British officials still believed that Persian petroleum was actually and rightly British petroleum because it had been discovered by the British, developed by British capital, and exploited through British skill and British ingenuity."
In stark contrast, Iranian Premier Mohammad Mosaddegh believed the 1933 concession granted to the AIOC by Iran was "immoral as well as illegal". Mosaddeq "challenged every aspect of the British commercial presence in Iran". The British feared that if Mosaddeq's policies prevailed, "nationalists throughout the world could abrogate British concessions with impunity."
Nationalization
The AIOC was nationalized by the Iranian Parliament in March 1951. In Iran this was enormously popular and seen as a long overdue staunching of the bleeding of its national wealth which could now be harnessed to fighting poverty in Iran. In Britain, the nationalisation was widely seen as an intolerable breach of contract or theft. British emissaries in the United States after the nationalisation, argued that allowing Iran to nationalise the oil company "would be widely regarded as a victory for the Russians" and would also "cause a loss of one hundred million pounds per annum in the United Kingdom's balance of payments, thus seriously affecting our rearmament program and our cost of living."
British warships blockaded Abadan. On 22 August, the British cabinet imposed a series of economic sanctions on Iran. It prohibited exports of key British commodities, including sugar and steel, directed the withdrawal of all British personnel from Iranian oil fields and all but a hard core of about 300 administrators from Abadan and blocked Iran's access to its hard currency accounts in British banks.
After the withdrawal of the British workers in the fall of 1951, the Iranians felt confident that they could easily hire non-British technicians to run the industry and then quickly train their own nationals to replace them. This did not prove to be the case; the United States, Sweden, Belgium, the Netherlands, Pakistan, and West Germany all refused to make their technicians available to the nationalized Iranian industry. Only Italy agreed, demonstrating that most industrialized countries supported Britain over Iran in the nationalization dispute."
In July 1952, the Royal Navy intercepted the Italian tanker Rose Mary and forced it into the British protectorate of Aden on the grounds that the ship's petroleum was stolen property. News that the Royal Navy was intercepting tankers carrying Iranian oil scared off other tankers and effectively shut down oil exports from Iran.
Supporters of the nationalization, including the National Poet of Iran Adib Boroumand, sent out propaganda in the form of poetry in support of Mossadegh's movement. Poems were read out on radio broadcasts, passed out to people on paper pamphlets, and published in newspapers.
Coup d'état
The democratically elected government of Iran was overthrown on 19 August 1953, following a coup d'état orchestrated by the United Kingdom and the United States, and Iranian Prime Minister Mohammed Mossadegh was ousted from power. During the coup, codenamed Operation Ajax, the CIA and MI6 restored Mohammad Reza Pahlavi to power. In August 1954, the AIOC was set under the control of an international consortium. Initially, ownership shares in the consortium proposed to be divided along the following lines: 40% to be divided equally (8% each) among the five major American companies; British Petroleum to have a 40% share; Royal Dutch/Shell to have 14%; and CFP, a French Company, to receive 6%. Iran now received 25% of the profits compared to 20% of the original treaty with the AIOC. Saudi Arabia and other oil-exploiting countries of the region received up to 50% of the profits in cooperation with American oil companies at the same time.
It was only in 1980, after the US and British backed Shah regime was ousted through a people's uprising in 1979, that the oil company was nationalized into what is today known as the NIOC (National Iranian Oil Company).
See also
International crisis
National Front of Iran
Abadan Crisis timeline
Occupation of Bushehr
Notes
1950s in Iran
Anglo-Persian Oil Company
Iran–United Kingdom relations
Abadan, Iran
Richard Attilio Greco (born September 14, 1933) is a politician, businessman, and civic activist from Tampa, Florida.
Early life
Dick Greco was born in the Ybor City neighborhood of Tampa, where his Italian-American father owned a hardware store. He graduated from Hillsborough High School and the University of Tampa where he earned a degree in Education in 1956. After college, Greco took over his father's hardware store and became increasingly active in many civic programs and organizations.
Political career
In 1963, Greco decided to use his growing public profile to campaign for a seat on the Tampa city council. He won the election for District 4 and was sworn in on October 1, 1963, less than two weeks after his 30th birthday.
Mayor of Tampa, Part I
In 1967, Greco ran a successful campaign to be Tampa's youngest ever mayor at 34 years old. He was one of the youngest mayors of a major city in the United States when he was elected. He beat incumbent and fellow Ybor City native Nick Nuccio in an election that was seen as a transfer of power from one generation to the next
In his first term, Greco balanced issues such as simmering racial tensions, crime, and extremely limited tax revenue. In 1971, Greco again beat Nuccio in a mayoral election rematch, but resigned in 1974 to accept a job with Edward J. DeBartolo Corp., a mall development company, a career move which tripled his mayor's salary of $30,000.
Mayor of Tampa, Part II
Greco remained with the DeBartolo Corporation for 21 years, much of it spent away from Tampa. He returned to his hometown in the early 1990s and successfully re-entered Tampa politics in 1995 when he ran for and regained the mayor's office. Owing to his years in the commercial development industry, Greco pushed for many large projects, often joint ventures involving both private and public funding. Some (such as the Tampa Marriott Waterside) were widely praised, while others (such as the Centro Ybor shopping center and Raymond James Stadium) were more controversial and would cost the city budget millions of dollars over subsequent years. Despite some setbacks, Greco remained popular enough to win a second consecutive (and fourth overall) term as mayor with no opposition in 1999.
During his fourth term as mayor, Greco's administration was involved in controversy when the city's housing director, Steve LaBrake, was accused of improperly awarding city contracts and taking bribes. Despite mounting criticism, Greco refused to fire LaBrake until after the director was indicted in federal court. LaBrake eventually served time in prison for his actions. Greco was also criticized for continuing to back private redevelopment projects with city money, in several instances leaving the city with large debt repayments after developers defaulted. Due to term limits Tampa mayors to two consecutive terms, he could not run again in 2003 and was succeeded by Pam Iorio.
Despite some controversy during his last years in office, Greco was still widely popular in Tampa and was the second former mayor (after Nick Nuccio) to be honored with a public statue. The statue depicts Greco sitting on a bench beside Dick Greco Plaza, a streetcar station named in his honor for his efforts to build the TECO Line Streetcar connecting Ybor City and downtown.
After leaving the mayor's office, Greco returned to the DeBartolo Corporation, which had moved its headquarters to Tampa in 1999 at his recommendation.
5th run for mayor
In 2010, Greco announced that he would try to win an unprecedented 5th term as mayor of Tampa in 2011 when Iorio's second term expired, potentially making him both the youngest and the oldest mayor in the city's history. But though seen by local political observers as the early favorite, Greco ran third in the general election, 384 votes behind Rose Ferlita, who lost in a subsequent runoff election to Bob Buckhorn.
References
Official bio at City of Tampa website
1933 births
Living people
American politicians of Italian descent
Mayors of Tampa, Florida
University of Tampa alumni
Florida Democrats
The African Table tennis Championships are a tournament organized by the African Table Tennis Federation (ATTF) to crown the best Table tennis players in Africa. For the Team event there is the African Table tennis Team Championships. This is not to be confused with the African Games, the multi sports event, held every four years where Table tennis is included since 1973.
Previous winners
Note.
ITTF Africa Cup is different
References
External links
African Table Tennis Federation (ATTF)
2018 African Championships
results.ittf.bornan.net
www.ittfafrica.com
Table tennis Championships
Table tennis in Africa
Recurring sporting events established in 1962
The Tennessee Volunteers college football team represents the University of Tennessee in the East Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The Vols compete as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision. The program has had 27 head coaches since its formation during the 1891 season. Josh Heupel started serving as the head coach in 2021.
The team has played 1,215 games over 118 seasons of Tennessee football. Prior to the 1899 season, the Volunteers did not have an official head coach while compiling a record of twelve wins and eleven losses () between 1891 and 1898. Since 1899, 11 coaches have led the Volunteers in postseason bowl games: Robert Neyland, John Barnhill, Bowden Wyatt, Doug Dickey, Bill Battle, Johnny Majors, Phillip Fulmer, Lane Kiffin, Derek Dooley, Butch Jones, and Josh Heupel. Five of those coaches also won conference championships: Zora G. Clevenger captured one as a member of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association, Neyland captured two as a member of the Southern Conference and Neyland, Wyatt, Majors, and Fulmer won a combined twelve as a member of the SEC. During their tenures, Neyland and Fulmer each won national championships with the Volunteers.
Neyland is the leader in total number of seasons coached and games won, with 173 victories during his 21 years with the program. Barnhill has the highest winning percentage with .846. James DePree has the lowest winning percentage with .306. Of the 23 head coaches who have led the Volunteers, Neyland, Wyatt, Dickey, Majors, and Fulmer have been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in Atlanta, GA.
Key
Coaches
Notes
References
General
Specific
Lists of college football head coaches
Tennessee Volunteers football coaches
Gravois Creek is a stream in south central Morgan County, Missouri. It is a tributary of the Osage River within the Lake of the Ozarks.
The stream headwaters arise along the east side of Missouri Route 135 approximately 3.5 miles south of Stover at at an elevation of approximately 1100 feet. The stream flows east to southeast passing under Missouri Route 5 to enter the waters of the Lake of the Ozarks at Gravois Mills at and an elevation of 663 feet. Prior to the impoundment of the lake the stream confluence with the Osage River was at approximately and an elevation of on the Morgan-Camden county line approximately eight miles southeast of Gravois Mills.
The stream was named for the large quantity of gravel in its streambed from the French "gravois" rubbish or gravel.
References
Rivers of Morgan County, Missouri
Rivers of Missouri
Culebrinas is a barrio in the municipality of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,787.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Pozas barrio and Culebrinas barrios was 1,008.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Culebrinas barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
Sunndal Fotball is a Norwegian association football club from Sunndalsøra, Møre og Romsdal.
It was separated from the multi-sports club Sunndal IL (founded 1918) in 1992.
Men's team
The men's football team currently plays in the 4. divisjon, the fifth tier of Norwegian football, since their relegation from 3. divisjon in 2019. It last played in the 2. divisjon in 2000. In 2010 it contested a playoff to win promotion, but failed.
Recent seasons
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
!
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Cup
!Notes
|-
|2017
|4. divisjon
|align=right| 3
|align=right|22||align=right|15||align=right|1||align=right|6
|align=right|80||align=right|41||align=right|46
||First qualifying round
|
|-
|2018
|4. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor=#DDFFDD| 1
|align=right|22||align=right|14||align=right|6||align=right|2
|align=right|68||align=right|25||align=right|48
||First round
|Promoted to 3. divisjon
|-
|2019
|3. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor="#FFCCCC"| 13
|align=right|26||align=right|5||align=right|5||align=right|16
|align=right|36||align=right|67||align=right|20
||Second round
|Relegated to 4. divisjon
|}
Women's team
The women's football team currently plays in the Second Division, the third tier of Norwegian football. In 2010 it contested a playoff to win promotion to the First Division, but failed.
References
Official site
Football clubs in Norway
Sport in Møre og Romsdal
Association football clubs established in 1992
1992 establishments in Norway
Margaret Boxall (later Margaret Allen) is a retired badminton player from England.
Career
Boxall won the women's doubles with Susan Whetnall at the prestigious All-England Championships in both 1969 and 1970.
She also won the gold medal at the 1968 and the 1970 European Badminton Championships in women's doubles with Susan Whetnall.
She represented England and won double gold and a bronze medal, at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Four years later she won a silver medal in the doubles at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games in Christchurch, New Zealand.
References
English female badminton players
Living people
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Badminton players at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Badminton players at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games
Badminton players at the 1978 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in badminton
Year of birth missing (living people)
Carenum simile is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1865.
References
simile
Beetles described in 1865
Frederick Taylor University (FTU) is an unaccredited, formerly state-approved private institution of higher learning located in Orange, California, currently offering resident and nonresident certificates in business, as well as undergraduate and graduate degrees in Christian leadership.
History and academics
Frederick Taylor University was established in 1994 to cater to mature adult learners, 20 years or older. The University previously offered undergraduate and graduate distance education programs in business leading to either a bachelor's or master's degree.
FTU currently offers both resident and nonresident programs leading to various certificates in business, as well as a bachelor's, master's, and doctorate in Christian leadership. Secular degrees are no longer offered; religious degree granting institutions are typically exempt from the state-approval process, but the school mentions on its website that the eligibility for exempt status has not been verified by the California Bureau of Private Postsecondary Education (BPPE).
Change of control and ownership on February 15, 2017
After grant of approval by the Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education (BPPE) for change of ownership/control, the University was acquired by The Vines Branches Transformation Company, a corporation based in City of Orange in Southern California.
Approval and accreditation status
Frederick Taylor University was formerly approved to operate by the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education (BPPE) and did appear on the California Postsecondary Education Commission (CPEC) list of state-approved institutions. That authorization was from the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary and Vocational Education (BPPVE), a predecessor agency of the Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education (BPPE). The BPPE conducted two site visits to FTU in May 2012 and April 2014
On September 19, 2017, FTU's state approval was suspended.
The school no longer appears on the BPPE's directory of approved institutions
FTU is currently not accredited by any accreditation body recognized by U.S. education authorities.
References
External links
Frederick Taylor University website
Distance education institutions based in the United States
Education in Contra Costa County, California
Unaccredited institutions of higher learning in California
Educational institutions established in 1994
1994 establishments in California
The following is a list of standing committees of the Icelandic parliament.
See also
List of Icelandic ministries
Government agencies in Iceland
List
Standing committees of the Icelandic parliament
The Malaysian Solidarity Party or in (MSP) was a political party based in Malaysia formed in 1986. It became defunct after the Malaysian general election, 1990 and the resignation of its Chairman, Yeoh Poh San and other Central Committee members. MSC was one of the seven coalition members of Gagasan Rakyat (GR).
Party logo
See also
Politics of Malaysia
List of political parties in Malaysia
References
Political parties established in 1986
1986 establishments in Malaysia
Odd Aukrust (15 December 1915 – 22 June 2008) was a Norwegian economist.
He was born in Tynset as a son of Lars Olsen Aukrust (1886–1965) and Louise Walmsnæss (1887–1973). He was a nephew of Olav Aukrust, brother of Kjell Aukrust, and first cousin of Tor Aukrust. He was married to Bjørg Marie Hessbak since 1945.
He studied political economy at the University of Oslo under Ragnar Frisch, and graduated in 1941. He was influenced by Keynesian economics. He published the notable analysis Hva krigen kostet Norge with Petter Jakob Bjerve in 1945, and took the dr.oecon. degree in 1956. From 1953 to 1984 he was director of research at the Statistics Norway bureau.
He died in Kolbotn at the age of 92.
References
1915 births
2008 deaths
People from Tynset
Norwegian economists
University of Oslo alumni
20th-century economists
Up from the Beach is a 1965 French-American international co-production war film directed by Robert Parrish and starring Cliff Robertson, Red Buttons and James Robertson Justice. It was based on a 1959 novel by George Barr called Epitaph for an Enemy.
Plot
Following the Normandy landings at Omaha Beach, an American squad frees a group of French hostages but takes several casualties in an assault in Vierville-sur-Mer.
They capture a German officer who has treated the French in his jurisdiction with kindness, but the American sergeant discovers that no one on the busy beachhead wishes to be bothered with prisoners.
Production
The film was filmed in Cherbourg with a French cast and was set in the aftermath of the Normandy Landings where a group of Allied soldiers attempt to shelter Frenchmen who faced execution by the Nazis. As the US Department of Defense did not cooperate with the film, the American soldiers were played by French soldiers.
Robert Parrish recalled that Darryl F. Zanuck made the film to use unused footage from The Longest Day with the film then marketed as a sequel. Cliff Robertson said he was given the Messerschmitt Bf 108 used in the film. Robertson claimed Zanuck wanted to make the film to showcase his girlfriend Irina Demick who had appeared in The Longest Day. Robertson called the film "Up From the Bitch" Irina Demick, Red Buttons and Fernand Ledoux appeared in the original
"The Longest Day".
Oskar Werner was the first choice for the German officer eventually played by Marius Goring. Werner, a World War II Wehrmacht veteran refused on the ground that in his opinion no German officer of the time would have held such humane feelings as the officer portrayed in the film.
Reception
According to Fox records, the film needed to earn $4,200,000 in rentals to break even and made $2,645,000, meaning it made a loss.
References
External links
1965 films
French World War II films
20th Century Fox films
Operation Overlord films
Films directed by Robert Parrish
English-language French films
Films with screenplays by Stanley Mann
1960s English-language films
American World War II films
1960s American films
1960s French films
Lullabies of the World (; tr.:Kolubelnyye mira) is a Russian animated project begun in 2005, whose goal is to create animated music videos to musical performances of lullabies (in their original languages) from countries around the world. All of the films are directed by Yelizaveta Skvotsova. It is made at Metronome Studio and supported by the Federal Agency for Culture and Cinematography of the Russian Federation.
60 lullabies are currently completed. The project has received high critical praise within Russia and won a number of awards at film festivals.
List of lullabies
Awards
2006—Malescorto International Short Film Festival: "Best Non Live Action Film"
2006—Window to Europe: "Grand Prix" in the Animation Competition
2006—11th International "Golden Fish" Festival of Children's Animation: "Special Prize"
2006—Stalker Film Festival: "UNICEF Prize for Reflecting the Theme of Children's Rights in Cinematography"
2007—White Elephant National Award of Film Critics and Reviewers: "Best Animated Project of 2006"
2007—XIV KROK International Animated Films Festival: Karelian Lullaby, Special Diploma for "Elegance of the Lullaby Design"
2008—13th Open Russian Festival of Animated Film: "Best Series"
See also
History of Russian animation
References
External links
Official website
Series profile at Animator.ru (incomplete listing)
Series creator's "self-portrait"
Film series introduced in 2005
2006 films
Films based on nursery rhymes
Russian animated films
Animated film series
AK Hellas (the initials standing for the full name of the company, 'Aggelopoulos-Karkanis O.E.') was a Greek manufacturer of light trucks and other metal products. It designed and produced two basic types of vehicles - all three-wheelers with 50cc engines, taking advantage of a favorable classification as "motorbikes" according to Greek law. One group of models it produced since 1965 were light trucks with "motorcycle" structure (steering and controls), a type of vehicle also produced in Greece by MEBEA (by far the most successful), Mego, Alta, Saracakis, Pitsos (a big home appliances manufacturer), Markal, Naxos and others. The other group of models is "proper" micro-trucks, with "automobile" structure of steering, controls etc. It was in this category that AK Hellas became the biggest truck manufacturer in Greece, leaving behind MEBEA, Delta (a product of Attica), Minicar, Zamba and other smaller Greek manufacturers. The company's T200 model, using a Sachs 50cc 4.8 hp engine and with a payload of 150 kg was produced between 1968 and 1975 with three different cab designs and in several versions (including van models). According to Dimitrios N. Aggelopoulos, several thousand units were produced, while other branches created by the same entrepreneur, were involved in production of pleasure boats, biological cleaning units, telephone booths, phone switchboards, generating sets, helmets, storage tanks, prefab container houses, wind turbine blades, irrigation systems, etc.
References
L.S. Skartsis and G.A. Avramidis, 'Made in Greece', Typorama, Patras, Greece (2003)
L.S. Skartsis, "Greek Vehicle & Machine Manufacturers 1800 to present: A Pictorial History", Marathon (2012) (eBook)
G.N. Georgano (Ed.), "The Complete Encyclopedia of Commercial Vehicles", Krause Publication, Iola, Wisconsin (1979)
H. Linz and H. Schrader, "Die grosse Automobil Enzyklopaedie - 100 Jahre Geschichte", BLV Verlag Munich (1985)
Interview of Dimitrios N. Aggelopoulos in DNAsmart.gr (in Greek)
External links
Dutch Auto Catalog
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of Greece
Pekka Laasanen (born 2 December 1960) is a Finnish boxer. He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1960 births
Living people
Finnish male boxers
Olympic boxers of Finland
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Tampere
Middleweight boxers
Hand–Hale Historic District is a national historic district located at Elizabethtown in Essex County, New York. The district contains seven contributing buildings. It encompasses the Hand House and Law Office, the Hale House and Law Office, and dependencies associated with both properties.
The Hand House is an elegantly formal, two-story Greek Revival style dwelling built in 1849. The Hand Law Office was built before 1830 as a modest frame building and enlarged in 1865 with a brick addition.
The Hale House was built originally in 1814 and modified extensively in the 1850 to 1870 period. It is a rambling, two-story frame dwelling. The Hale Law Office is a modest, one-story gable-roofed structure with a portico. The remaining buildings are a garage, Hale Barn Complex, and caretaker's cottage.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
See also
Augustus C. Hand
Robert S. Hale
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Greek Revival architecture in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Essex County, New York
Jan David Col (6 April 1822 – 19 February 1900) was a Belgian painter known for his anecdotal genre scenes.
Life and work
He was born in Antwerp and received his initial artistic training at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp with Nicaise De Keyser. His first solo exhibition came in 1846, and he gained immediately popularity with his mildly humorous scenes from daily life. His early works show the strong influence of Jean-Baptiste Madou and, especially, Ferdinand de Braekeleer.
He often collaborated with other artists, such as Constant Boon (1830–1882), who also did genre scenes, , who painted farm animals (primarily chickens) and Henriëtte Ronner-Knip, who specialized in cats.
Col died in 1900 in Antwerp. His works may be seen in the Royal Museum of Fine Arts Antwerp and the Groeningemuseum in Bruges, as well as at various museums in Brussels, Chicago, Cincinnati, Montreal and Rostock. His paintings are still regularly sold at auction.
Selected paintings
Source
Berko, P. & V.: Dictionnaire des peintres belges nées entre 1750 et 1875, Editions Laconti, Brussels, 1981
External links
More works by Col @ ArtNet
1822 births
1900 deaths
Belgian painters
Belgian genre painters
Artists from Antwerp
The Unidad de Valor Constante (UVC) was a currency created by the "Ley de Valores" of Ecuador in 1993, and abolished with dollarization in the presidency of Jamil Mahuad on January 9, 2000. It was meant to help deal with the high levels of inflation experienced under the sucre. The 1 UVC was specified at its introduction (May 28, 1993) to equal 10,000 sucres. Its value was adjusted daily by the "Instituto Nacional de Estadísticas y Censos" (INEC) in line with the rate of inflation.
It had the ISO 4217 currency code ECV.
Currencies of Ecuador
Modern obsolete currencies
Maria Lipp (6 April 1892 in Stolberg (Rhineland) – 12 December 1966 in Aachen) was a German organic chemist. She was the first female doctoral student, professor, and ordinary professor at the RWTH Aachen University.
Life
Lipp was born in Stolberg (Rheinland) as the daughter of Karl Savelsberg and Friederike de Nys. She was later adopted by the chemist Julius Bredt. In 1913, she started studying chemistry at the TH Aachen. She completed her diploma with distinction in 1917 and was the first female doctoral student at the TH Aachen. She completed her doctorate (Dr.-Ing.) with distinction in 1918 and her habilitation in organic chemistry again at the TH Aachen in 1923. In 1925, she married Peter Lipp, a professor for organic chemistry at the TH Aachen. She became an extraordinary professor at the TH Aachen in 1938. During the second world war, the institute for organic chemistry at the TH Aachen was destroyed. This complicated her research until after the second world war. Her husband died in 1947. From 1949 to 1960, she was an ordinary professor for organic chemistry. In 1960, she became an emeritus professor. Her cousin Gertrud Savelsberg was an economist.
Research
Lipp's research focused on organic chemistry.
Awards
In 1962, she was awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany for her accomplishments to rebuild the organic chemistry institute at the TH Aachen after the second world war. A street in Aachen is named after her.
Selected publications
Maria Lipp, Richard Anschütz, Adolf Butenandt: Chemie der Kohlenstoffverbindungen oder organische Chemie – Carbocyclische Verbindungen, Naturstoffe und Freie Organische Radikale; Zweiter Band, Erste Hälfte: Alicyclische Verbindungen und Naturstoffe, 1935
Darstellung reaktionsfähiger Verbindungen des Camphansystems und Versuche zu deren Fluorierung, Köln: Westdt. Verl., 1957
Franz Dallacker, Karl-Werner Glombitza, Maria Lipp: Derivate des Methylendioxybenzols, IV. Reaktionen des 4.5-Methylendioxy-phthalaldehyds, in: Justus Liebigs Annalen der Chemie, Volume 643, 1961
Franz Dallacker, Karl-Werner Glombitza, Maria Lipp: Derivate des Methylendioxybenzols, V. Über die Synthese des 4.5-Methylendioxyisophthalalkohols und über polymere Methylendioxyphenyl-Verbindungen, in: Justus Liebigs Annalen der Chemie, Volume 643, 1961
Franz Dallacker, Jozef Thoma, Maria Lipp: Derivate des Methylendioxybenzols, X. Darstellung und Reaktionen von -Hydroxy-ketonen, in: Justus Liebigs Annalen der Chemie, Volume 663, 1963
Franz Dallacker, Horst Pauling, Maria Lipp: Über Reaktionen der Terebinsäure, in: Justus Liebigs Annalen der Chemie, Volume 663, 1963
Franz Dallacker, Klaus Ulrichs, Maria Lipp: Anwendung der Wittig-Reaktion auf bi- und tricyclische Terpene, in: Justus Liebigs Annalen der Chemie, Volume 667, 1963
References
20th-century German chemists
German women chemists
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
20th-century German women scientists
People from Stolberg (Rhineland)
Theta Islands () are several small islands and rocks which lie close west of Kappa Island at the west extremity of the Melchior Islands, Palmer Archipelago. The islands were roughly charted by Discovery Investigations personnel in 1927. The name, derived from the eighth letter of the Greek alphabet, appears to have been first used on a 1946 Argentine government chart following surveys of the Melchior Islands by Argentine expeditions in 1942 and 1943.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of the Palmer Archipelago
Matthew Jason Watkins (2 September 1978 – 7 March 2020) was a Welsh international rugby union player who played as a centre. He was commonly known by the name Matthew J. Watkins to avoid confusion with another Welsh rugby union player of the same name.
Born in Newport, Watkins began his rugby career with Newbridge and Pontllanfraith before going professional with Newport in 1997. After scoring 35 tries (175 points) in 121 appearances over five seasons with the club, Watkins was signed by Llanelli. He was then part of the team at the dawn of regional rugby in Wales in 2003 and was part of the original Llanelli Scarlets regional side.
By 2007, he had become only the third player to reach 100 appearances for the region, following lock Adam Jones and prop John Davies. Watkins signed for Gloucester at the end of the 2007–08 season, midway through a three-year contract with the Scarlets.
On 3 August 2009, it was confirmed that Watkins would return to Wales and to the place where his professional rugby career began, signing for Newport Gwent Dragons on a two-year contract. He was released at the end of the 2010–11 season and retired soon after.
On 20 May 2013, it was announced that Watkins had developed a very rare pelvic cancer while studying for rugby coaching qualifications, but described himself as remaining "well and active." On 7 March 2020, it was announced that Watkins had died at the age of 41.
References
External links
Wales profile
Newport Gwent Dragons profile
Gloucester profile
Newport RFC profile
1978 births
2020 deaths
Rugby union players from Newport, Wales
Rugby union centres
Welsh rugby union players
Wales international rugby union players
Place of death missing
Newport RFC players
Llanelli RFC players
Scarlets players
Gloucester Rugby players
Dragons RFC players
People educated at Oakdale Comprehensive School
Dominic Turner is an Australian blues guitarist, vocalist and key songwriter for the Australian blues band The Backsliders. Dom also has a number of solo projects including 'Dom Turner and Supro' and 'Dom Turner and the Nationals'. In 2002, Dom along with Rob Hirst, formed the band Angry Tradesman.
He specialises in "bottle neck" slide guitar using resonator guitars as well as 6 and 12 string acoustic and electric guitars. Dom's session guitar work can be heard on a variety of Australia albums, such as Rob Hirst's (from Midnight Oil and also the drummer in The Backsliders) Ghostwriters Second Skin album. Dom's influences are many and varied – a blend of delta blues, piedmont blues, rock, dub and sounds of Asia.
He is a highly regarded speaker on blues and roots music and has guested on ABC (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) radio programs and presented music workshops at festivals and in universities (both nationally and internationally). He has also contributed songs for the ABC's television show Sea Change.
In 2004, Dom was voted Songwriter of the Year at the Australian Blues Awards in Goulburn, NSW and has a sculpture in recognition of this honour at the Goulburn Visitors Centre.
Albums
The Backsliders
2016 - Heathen Songbook
2014 - Dark Side
2011 - Starvation Box
2009 - Throwbacks
2007 - Left Field Holler
2005 - Live
2003 - Live at the Basement (DVD)
2002 - Hanoi
1999 - Poverty Deluxe
1998 - Downtime (A Ten Year Collection Of Backsliders Music)
1995 - Wide Open
1993 - Live at the Royal
1991 - Hellhound
1989 - Sitting on a Million
1988 - Preaching Blues
Dom Turner and Supro
2000 - Electro Vee
Kim Sinh and Dom Turner
2012 - Two Days in Hanoi
Dom Turner and Ian Collard
2012 - Mama Says We're Crazy Too
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Australian blues guitarists
Australian male guitarists
Australian songwriters
Antonis Stathopoulos (; born 23 February 1998) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a striker for Super League 2 club Episkopi.
References
1998 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Ergotelis F.C. players
Association football forwards
People from Filiatra
Footballers from the Peloponnese
Sir George Warrender, 1st Baronet (c. 1658 – 4 March 1721) of Bruntsfield and Lochend, Edinburgh was a Scottish merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1715 to 1722.
Warrender was the only son of George Warrender and his wife Margaret Cunninghame. His father died when he was an infant. He became a dealer of foreign trade at Edinburgh. He prospered and in 1675 purchased Bruntsfields, and then adjacent properties, and eventually acquired Lochend. He married Margaret Lawrie daughter of Thomas Lawrie, a merchant of Edinburgh, on 13 April 1680. She died in 1699 and was buried on 2 June 1699. Six months later he married by proclamation dated 10 December 1699, Grissel Blair, daughter of Hugh Blair, merchant of Edinburgh. In 1705 he was member of a syndicate that was assigned farm of the customs and foreign excise of Scotland for three years. He was Lord Provost of Edinburgh for the year 1713 to 1714.
Warrender was a Whig, having been fined as a dissenter under James II, and supported the Hanoverian succession. As Lord Provost, he had proclaimed George I's accession at Edinburgh. He was elected as Whig Member of Parliament (MP) for Edinburgh at the 1715 general election and was created a Baronet, of Lochend, in the County of Haddington on 2 June 1715. In Parliament he voted with the Government in every recorded division. At the start of the 1715 Jacobite rebellion, he was in London but went to Scotland in August, judging it was more important for him to be at Edinburgh at the time than in Westminster. In 1716 he applied for compensation for his expenses and loss of trade during the rebellion. He supported the Government with regard an opposition motion of 4 June 1717, censuring Argyll's rival, Lord Cadogan but subsequently was fearful or the temper of the city as a result of his behavior in the House of Commons.
Warrender died at London on 4 March 1721, a year before the next general election, and was buried at Bunhill Fields. He had a son and daughter by his first wife, and three sons and five daughters by his second wife. He was succeeded in the baronetcy by his eldest son John.
References
1680s births
1722 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of Great Britain
Lord Provosts of Edinburgh
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Scottish constituencies
British MPs 1715–1722
Burials at Bunhill Fields
Charles L. Freeman (August 21, 1908 April 10, 2001) was an American sound editor and film editor who worked on both television and film.
Awards
He won an Academy Award for Best Special Effects during the 21st Academy Awards for his work on the fantasy film Portrait of Jennie (1948). He shared the award with Paul Eagler, Joseph McMillan Johnson, Russell Shearman, Clarence Slifer, and James G. Stewart.
In addition, Freeman won an Emmy Award for the editing on the police drama television series Naked City.
Filmography
Since You Went Away (1944)
Duel in the Sun (1944)
Portrait of Jennie (1946)
Battle Taxi (1955)
Fight for the Title (1957) (short film)
Operation Bikini (1963)
Dead Men Tell No Tales (1971)
Fireball Forward (1972)
Television shows
Passport to Danger
Mackenzie's Raiders
Telephone Time
Lock Up
This Man Dawson
Naked City
Survival
Peyton Place
Lancer
Hawaii Five-O
See also
List of people from Los Angeles
List of Primetime Emmy Award winners
References
External links
Place of birth missing
1908 births
2001 deaths
American film editors
Best Visual Effects Academy Award winners
People from Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles
Primetime Emmy Award winners
American sound editors
American television editors
The four Bonne Citoyenne-class corvettes were built to a design by Raymond-Antoine Hasan. All members of the class were flush-decked, but with a long topgallant forecastle. The corvettes were launched between 1794 and 1796, and the Royal Navy captured all four between 1796 and 1798.
After the Royal Navy captured Bonne Citoyenne, the Admiralty used her lines as the basis for the Hermes-class post ships.
Ships
: launched 1794, captured 1796; as HMS Bonne Citoyenne sold 1819.
: launched 1795, captured 1796 and renamed HMS Jamaica; sold 1814.
Vaillante, launched 1796, captured 1798 and renamed HMS Danae, returned to French control by mutineers in 1801 and renamed Vaillante; sold 1801.
Gaieté, launched in 1797, captured the same year and commissioned as HMS Gaiete (also Gayette); sold in 1808.
Citations
References
Corvette classes
Ships built in France
Captured ships
Beaches is a 2017 American drama television film directed by Allison Anders from a screenplay by Nikole Beckwith and Kate Lanier. It is a remake of the 1988 film of the same name. The film stars Idina Menzel and Nia Long. The film premiered on Lifetime on January 21, 2017.
Premise
Two friends, with different backgrounds, maintain a long-lasting friendship through childhood, love, and tragedy.
Cast
Idina Menzel as CC Bloom
Gabriella Pizzolo as young CC Bloom
Nia Long as Hillary Whitney
Grace Capeless as young Hillary Whitney
Antonio Cupo as John Pierce
Barbara Beall as costume designer
Daniel Letto as Sorcerer actor
Colin Lawrence as Bryan
Sanai Victoria as Tory Whitney
Rebecca Husain as Pretty Sinners director
Graeme Duffy as Sorcerer composer
Kate Isaac as assistant district attorney
Jane Hancock as Ashley
Production
On July 28, 2016, the film was announced, with Idina Menzel joining the cast. On August 16, 2016, it was announced Nia Long had joined the cast. Principal photography began on August 15, 2016.
Reception
Beaches received negative reviews, with most critics assessing it as inferior to the already mediocre 1988 original. Mike Hale of The New York Times pointed out the absurdity of remaking Beaches, itself a 1950s throwback which failed to update its themes to the decades in which the film is set. He added, "Stuffing the story into 70 percent of the time makes C. C. and Hillary's cycle of fights and reconciliations feel more arbitrary than ever, especially in the absence of [Bette] Midler, whose vivid portrayal of C. C. provided motivations that weren't in the script." Blake Meredith of the Los Angeles Times wrote, "Any time a beloved movie or TV series gets a remake, knee-jerk purists howl about it 'ruining' the original. 'Beaches' [...] is the rare case of a remake that might actually do just that." She explained that by reducing the length to 90 minutes while otherwise staying faithful to the original film only serves to make the silliness of the original Beaches stand out more clearly, particularly noting how the shorter length forces most of the plot to be delivered through exposition. CNN Entertainment described it as tedious and dated, but said Menzel's singing is a highlight and makes the film arguably worth watching by Lifetime standards. The Boston Globe said it echoed the chief shortcoming of the original film, the lack of substantial basis for C.C. and Hillary's friendship. Reviewer Matthew Gilbert stated, "It's not so much that Menzel and Long are bad – they're consistently OK, if never better than that — but the story is too hollow for them to dig in. Singer-actress CC and lawyer Hillary meet as kids, become pen pals, room together, fall in love with the same guy ... and go through their expected friendship arc. None of it manages to work up much lather."
References
External links
2017 films
2017 television films
2017 drama films
2010s female buddy films
American buddy drama films
American female buddy films
Remakes of American films
American drama television films
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Allison Anders
Films scored by Lesley Barber
Films set on beaches
Films shot in Vancouver
Lifetime (TV network) films
Television remakes of films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Liu Jianli (4 April 1956 – 18 February 2015) was a Chinese basketball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1956 births
2015 deaths
Chinese men's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of China
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 1982 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Clemelis pullata is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae. This family consists of dipteran tachina flies, which are protelean parasitoids of arthropods.
This species (previously called Zenillia pullata) is said to have the world's smallest insect eggs, with dimensions of 0.027 by 0.02 mm (about 8 nanograms).
References
Diptera of Europe
Diptera of Asia
Insects described in 1824
Tachinidae
The following is a list of events which took place in Ireland in 1710.
Incumbent
Monarch: Anne
Events
John Smithwick begins brewing Smithwick's ale at Kilkenny.
Births
William Annesley, 1st Viscount Glerawly, politician (d. 1770)
Deaths
April 7 – Sir Richard Bulkeley, 2nd Baronet, politician (b. 1660)
August 28 – Thomas Bligh, politician (b. 1654)
Richard Freeman, judge (b. 1646)
References
Years of the 18th century in Ireland
Ireland
1710s in Ireland
The men's team tennis event at the 2014 Asian Games took place at the Yeorumul Tennis Courts, Incheon, South Korea from 20 September to 24 September 2014. A total of 19 nations participated in the event. Chinese Taipei were defending champions, but lost in quarterfinals to China.
Schedule
All times are Korea Standard Time (UTC+09:00)
Results
Bracket
Final
Top half
Bottom half
1st round
2nd round
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
References
Results
External links
Official website
Tennis at the 2014 Asian Games
Ahmad bin Mohamed Magad (born 22 December 1952) is a former Singaporean politician. He was Member of Parliament of Pasir Ris Group Representation Constituency (GRC) for Pasir Ris-Loyang from 2 January 1997 to 18 October 2001. He was also an MP of Pasir Ris-Punggol GRC for Pasir Ris East from 25 October 2001 to 19 April 2011. As a member of the ruling People's Action Party, Ahmad was involved in politics for 14 years before retiring in 2011.
Early life and education
Ahmad was one of six children of Arab Singaporean Mohamed Omar Magad. Ahmad completed his primary education at Haig Boys' School and his secondary education at Presbyterian High School. He won a Public Service Commission scholarship and pursued an engineering degree at Fachhochschule Aalen in Germany, graduating in 1974. He completed an MBA from Brunel University in 1990.
Career
Following his graduation from university, Ahmad worked as a Training Officer for the Economic Development Board from 1974 to 1979. He subsequently became an engineering manager with FJW Industries. In 1989, Ahmad became the Managing Director of II-VI Singapore Pte Ltd, a subsidiary of a United States company that produces optoelectronic components. He continues to hold this position till today.
Ahmad was one of the co-founders of the organisation Association of Muslim Professionals, which was intended to be an independent non-partisan alternative to MENDAKI. He was also appointed as a Justice of the Peace.
Political career
Ahmad ran for election as a PAP candidate in the 1997 General Election in Pasir Ris GRC. His PAP team comprised Charles Chong, Ong Kian Min, and Teo Chee Hean. The team won 70.86% of the votes against the Workers' Party.
In the 2001 General Election, the boundaries were redrawn and Ahmad joined the PAP team for Pasir Ris-Punggol GRC. The constituency was uncontested and the PAP team was elected to parliament.
In the 2006 General Election, Ahmad remained in the PAP team for Pasir Ris-Punggol GRC. The PAP team defeated the SDA team by winning 68.70% of the votes.
Ahmad stepped down from politics at the 2011 election.
References
Living people
1952 births
People's Action Party politicians
Members of the Parliament of Singapore
Singaporean Muslims
Singaporean people of Arab descent
Bahman Mehabadi is an Iranian violinist, music teacher, and composer. He is the founder and the director of SOL Music Center and has devoted his life to classical music.
He can be regarded as one of the most versatile violinists of his generation. He has enjoyed great success in SOL Music Ensemble with which he has toured to many of the world's major music centers.
He has performed regularly in Europe, North America, and Asia, both as a recitalist and with SOL Music Ensemble. He also performs regularly with orchestras around the world.
Career
Bahman Mehabadi was born in Tabriz, Iran, to a family who deeply loved music, art, and literature. After showing passion for music, 8-year-old Bahman was encouraged by his father and started learning music with his mother, an amateur violinist. He began to study violin at Tabriz Music Art School and continued at Conservatory of Azerbaijan with Professor Zavin Yedigharians.
Then he left Iran for higher education in music performance. In a short return to Iran in 1980, he began performing with SOL Quartet which he founded. In another short stay, in 1983, he founded SOL Music Center in Tabriz, which was moved to Tehran after several years of activity. In these times, Mehabadi made his debut in Tehran. At the same time, he was the permanent member of Tehran Symphony Orchestra as a violinist
, as well as the member of Roudaki Chamber Music Orchestra.
Since his debut, Bahman Mehabadi has passionately played throughout all his life and in many countries.
In 2006, Bahman Mehabadi was invited to World Philharmonic Orchestra in Paris, an international orchestra consisting of the top musicians from 82 countries and conducted by Yutaka Sado, to mark the first time of Iran being invited to such event.
He has worked as violinist, violist, and guitarist and also as a professor at SOL Music Educational Institute and other music schools and academies. He has expanded SOL Music Center continuously to the extent that today it is known as one of the best-established music centers in Iran dedicated to classical music. He has always supported young musicians by instructing and introducing them into SOL Music Ensemble and other music centers of the world. Today, many of his students are performing in different music centers of the world. Mehabadi has recorded more than 19 albums
as a soloist and with SOL Music Ensemble. The albums contain pieces from different periods of music. He devotes himself not only to chamber music but with the same success to the solo repertoires. The album named “Mehabadi and J. S.Bach” is the live recording of his performing Bach's Sonatas and Partitas.
A few years later, it was followed by "Recital", the live recording of violin and piano recital by Bahman Mehabadi and Wolf Iysenger, released by SOL Music in Germany in 2020. During the COVID-19 pandemic limitations Mehabadi returned to his solo repertoire, this time for guitar. He arranged, played and recorded some of the best guitar pieces into his latest album, "My Guitar Favourites", which was released by SOL Music in Germany in 2021.
Discography
"Summer" (1997)
"Fall" (1998)
"Winter" (1999)
"Gaiety" (2000)
"Benedictus" (2003)
"Creation" (2003)
"Miniature" (2004)
"Laudation" (2005)
"Empyrean" (SOL Ensemble's manifesto in commemoration of Mozart 250th Anniversary, 2007)
"Song of Peace" (2009)
"The Beyond" (2010)
"The Apple" (2011)
"The Strawberry" (2012)
"Bloom of Colors" (2013)
"Mehabadi & Bach" (Sonatas and Partitas, 2014)
"Aura" (2015)
"Liebesleid" (2018)
"Recital" (2020)
"My Guitar Favourites" (2021)
Books
Mehabadi has always been concerned about being up-to-date with the latest and the most efficient music teaching methods. He has written three books for violin, viola, and guitar; each serves as a method for beginners, in order to get the students and the music teachers ready for the approach of The Royal Conservatory of Music's Program:
Violin Series: Beginners (Violin School)
Viola Series: Beginners (Viola School)
Guitar Series: Beginners (Guitar School)
For this sake, he also transcribed necessary concertos for viola with his own style of fingerings:
Viola Series: Viola Concertos (Viola School)
And wrote a Scales Book from Introductory Grade to the 9th (according to the Royal Conservatory of Music's Program), in his own method and fingerings inspired from that of Professor Ivan Galamian and Professor Robert Skelton:
The Complete Viola Technique Book: Viola Series, technical requirements: Intro - 9 (Viola School)
Articles
Mehabadi has written more than 100 articles about art and music, most of which are published in different specialized magazines.
From 1990 to 2000, he was the editor of the classical music section of The Art Quarterly magazine (Faslnamye Honar). Many of his articles were published in this magazine; such as:
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(Part 1: The Latest Edition), (Part 2: The Latest Edition), (Part 3: The Latest Edition), (Part 4: The Latest Edition), (Part 5: The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition)
(The Latest Edition
(The Latest Edition)
During the lifetime of Ahang Music Quarterly, he was the editor of its classical music section.
Moreover, he has a few articles about music and theater, including the reviews on “Three Sisters” from Anton Chekhov, “An Enemy of the People” from Henrik Ibsen, etc., all published in Theatre (Namayesh) Monthly Review:
Compositions
Mehabadi has composed many pieces in different forms for ensemble, which are often played in his concerts with SOL Music Ensemble and other music groups; including “Love of Freedom”
, “Sonata in a minor: Nostalgia”
, “Lirico”, “Three Movements for Sorrow”
, “San Fantasy”, “Romance in G”
, “Andre Gide Sonata”, “Letter” for piano and string ensemble, etc. Beside his own compositions, he has also arranged many of classical pieces for his ensemble.
Personal life
Poetry and painting are Mehabadi's two main leisure activities. Since a teenager, he has been interested in poetry, like his father who was fond of philosophy and literature, and showed a good talent in this field. This was a beginning for him to write his thoughts into poems throughout his life. Now he has several poetry books of his own in which his life philosophy could be perceived.
In 1985 Bahman Mehabadi and Ahad Manteqi collected and published a selection of the poems of their contemporary Iranian poets, in the book "The Voice of the Contemporary Poetry" (Sedaye Sheis Emrooz):
At Tabriz Music Art School, Bahman Mehabadi used to take painting classes of Professor Ibrahim Moqbeli. Since then he still paints in Oil Color and Water Color. Today he has around 50 paintings. It was with such a background that he decided to design the cover of many of the SOL Music albums. SOL Music's logo is one of his graphic designs as well.
References
See More
About Bahman Mehabadi, his Albums, and Articles' Full Texts
Living people
20th-century classical violinists
21st-century classical violinists
Male classical violinists
20th-century classical composers
21st-century classical composers
Male composers
Viola pedagogues
Violin pedagogues
20th-century male musicians
21st-century male musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Tabriz
Irina Mikhailovna Raievskya (; 18 August 1892 – 22 January 1955), was a Russian and German noble. She was Duchess of Mecklenburg by her marriage to her second husband, George, Duke of Mecklenburg (), who was the head of the House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz from 1934 until his death in 1963. Irina is the great-grandmother of Sophie, Princess of Prussia, wife of Georg Friedrich, Prince of Prussia, current head of the House of Hohenzollern.
Early life
She was born on 18 August 1892 in Tsarskoye Selo, Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire, into the highest ranks of Russian nobility. Her parents were Mikhail Nikolaievich Rayevsky (Kerch, 15 February 1841 – Sevastopol, 10/24 October 1893) and wife (Saint Petersburg, 23 April 1971) Princess Mariya Grigoryevna Gagarina (Tbilisi, 2/16 June 1851 – Cannes, 2 August 1941). Her paternal grandparents were Nikolai Nikolaievitch Rayevsky (Moscow, 14 September 1801 – Krasnenjkaia, 24 ... 1843, son of Nikolai Nikolaievich Rayevsky and wife Sophia Konstantinovna ...) and wife (22 January 1839) Anna Mikhailovna Borozdina (29 December 1819 – Krasnenjkaia, 10 December 1883). Her maternal grandparents were Prince Grigori Grigorievich Gagarin (Saint Petersburg, 29 April/11 May 1810 – Châtellerault, 30 January 1893/1899) and second wife (29 August 1848) Sophia Andreievna Dashkova (Saint Petersburg, 25 June/7 July 1822 – Saint Petersburg, 7/20 December 1908, daughter of Andrei Vassilievich Dashkov and wife Anastasia Petrovna Dmitrieva-Mamonova). Her great-grandparents were Prince Grigori Ivanovich Gagarin (17/29 March 1782 - Tegernsee, 12 February 1837, son of Prince Ivan Sergeievich Gagarin and wife ...) and wife (Saint Petersburg, 1809) Ekaterina Petrovna Soimonova (Saint Petersburg, 23 May 1790 - Moscow, 11 March 1873, daughter of Pyotr Alexandrovich Soimonov and wife Ekaterina Ivanovna Boltina). Irina was daughter of the Rayevski family, who were one of the heirs of the famed Grigori Potemkin (1739–1791), Prince of Tauria, descending from the childless Prince's sister Maria Alexandrowna Potemkina (1726–1774).
Marriages and children
Irina Mikhailovna Raievskya was married firstly in Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire, on 5 November 1915 to Count Alexander Mikhailovich Tolstoy (1888–1918), son of Count Michael Tolstoy (1845-1913) and his wife Princess Olga Alexandrovna Vassiltchikov. The children of her first marriage were:
Countess Irina Aleksandrovna Tolstoya (1917–1998); married Franz Ferdinand, Prince of Isenburg (1901–1956).They were the grandparents of Princess Sophie (born 1978, wife of Prince Georg Friedrich of Prussia current Head of House of Hohenzollern) and Archduchess Katharina (born 1971, wife of Archduke Martin of Austria Este)
Count Mikhaïl Alexandrovitch Tolstoy (1918–2004); married Francine Paule Yvonne Bregentzer (1923–2009)
After Irina was widowed on 2 October 1918, she was married secondly in Geneva, Switzerland, on 7 October 1920 to George, Duke of Mecklenburg (1899-1963), son of Duke Georg Alexander of Mecklenburg-Strelitz (1859–1909) and his wife, Natalia Feodorovna Vanljarskaya, Countess of Carlow (1858–1921). The children of her second marriage were:
Georg Alexander, Duke of Mecklenburg (1921–1996); married Archduchess Ilona of Austria (1927–2011)
Duke Alexander of Mecklenburg (born and died 1922)
Duchess Helene of Mecklenburg (1924–1962); married Hassan Sayed Kamil, an Egyptian-Swiss arms dealer (1918–1991). She was killed in a plane crash.
Duke Carl Gregor of Mecklenburg (1933–2018); married Princess Maria Margarethe of Hohenzollern (1928–2006), daughter of Franz Joseph, Prince of Hohenzollern-Emden.
Later life
She fled with her family after October Revolution from Russian Empire first to France then to Denmark and last to Germany. With her second husband, George, Duke of Mecklenburg, she lived since 1923 in Schloss Remplin, Germany until it burned down in the Second World War on 10 April 1940. Subsequently, the family moved to Grunewald, Berlin. After their house in Grunewald was destroyed by bombing in February 1944, they moved by invitation of Margarete of Hohenzollern in March 1944 to Sigmaringen. Her second husband, George, Duke of Mecklenburg, was held prisoner by the Nazi government from 1944 until he was released in February 1945.
Irina and her second husband were interested in art and music.
She died on 22 January 1955 in Sigmaringen, and was buried in the Einsiedlerkapelle, Inzigkofen, Germany.
Her second husband converted to Catholicism in 1920. After he was widowed on 22 January 1955, he married his second wife, Archduchess Charlotte of Austria (1921-1989), on 21 July 1956 in Pöcking. She was the daughter of Emperor Charles I of Austria (1887-1922) and his wife, Empress Zita of Bourbon-Parma (1892-1989).
George died in Sigmaringen of a heart attack. He was succeeded as head of the Grand Ducal House by his eldest son, Duke Georg Alexander.
Duchess of Mecklenburg
On 6 December 1934, Charles Michael, Duke of Mecklenburg, uncle of her husband George died, and George succeeded him as head of the House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
On 18 December 1950 the House of Mecklenburg-Schwerin confirmed the decisions made in 1929 regarding George's title, and he assumed the style of Highness while his status as head of the House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz was also confirmed. At the same time, the Count of Carlow title was abolished.
Ancestry
References
External links
Irina Mikhailovna Raievskya | House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz
|-
|-
Irina
Irina
1892 births
1955 deaths
Tolstoy family
Gagarin family
19th-century nobility
20th-century nobility
Grand Duchesses of Mecklenburg-Strelitz
White Russian emigrants to Germany
"Sexbox" is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson. It is taken from her 1991 album No Relations. The single was released on 7", 12" and CD singles in Germany, Austria, Switzerland and the Netherlands.
The single was released on Pump Records (a division of Dino Records) and a huge promotion campaign boosted the single in the Netherlands and Germany. The single charted at #23 on Dutch charts, and became Jackson's second biggest Dutch hit of her career.
Jackson performed the song on several German and Dutch TV shows accompanied by a group of Dutch dancers, including Gottschalk, NDR Talk-Show and Up'n Swutch. In Spain, Jackson performed the single on Jesús Hermida's television program along with her song "Playboy". At the same time she promoted the release of her autobiography La Toya: Growing up in the Jackson Family and her second appearance in Playboy in November 1991.
The track samples James Brown's "Get Up (I Feel Like Being a) Sex Machine." It also references Madonna's "Like a Virgin".
Chart
Official Versions
Album Version 4:02
Album Version Instrumental 4:02
Radio Version 3:57
Extended Album Version 7:22
12" Version 7:14
12" Version Instrumental 7:14
References
1991 songs
La Toya Jackson songs
Songs written by La Toya Jackson
Douglas County, Queensland is one of the 318 counties of Queensland, Australia. The county is divided into civil parishes.
The county came into existence in the 19th century, and on 8 March 1901, the Governor of Queensland issued a proclamation legally dividing Queensland into counties under the Land Act 1897.
Like all counties in Queensland, it is a non-functional administrative unit, that is used mainly for the purpose of registering land titles. From 30 November 2015, the government no longer referenced counties and parishes in land information systems however the Museum of Lands, Mapping and Surveying retains a record for historical purposes.
The county is the traditional lands of the Yirandhali peoples. Europeans first arrived in the area in the 1860s and today Hughenden, Queensland is the largest town. This town is a stop on The Inlander Railway.
References
Counties of Queensland
A bar review is a series of classes that most law school graduates in the United States attend prior to taking a bar examination, in order to prepare for that exam. A typical bar review course will last for several weeks, beginning a few weeks after law school graduation and running until a few weeks before the next administration of the bar examination. "A full service bar review course prepares a student for both portions of a state's bar examination: multistate and state law. A supplemental bar review course prepares a student for only one portion of a state's bar examination". Classes may be held in person, online, or with prerecorded material delivered to the student.
Bar review courses are heavily marketed to graduating law students, as noted by Judge Diarmuid O'Scannlain of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which examined that practice in an unfair competition case:
Many companies offering bar review courses also offer a component to prepare bar takers for the Multistate Professional Responsibility Examination (MPRE).
References
Legal education in the United States
Jahmani Swanson is an American basketball player for the Harlem Globetrotters.
Born with dwarfism, Swanson is 4-foot-5 inches tall. Years of hard work and dedication led Swanson to amass a large following of his own on social media. He sent waves through the Internet captivating thousands of fans, celebrities and the Globetrotters with his amazing handles, lightning speed and agility on the court.
Basketball
Nicknamed "Mini Michael Jordan" for his ball handling skills, he is well-known for his online basketball videos involving him playing against players in streetball who are almost twice his height. Some photos from these videos have made several online news stories. He played for Monroe College, a junior college in the Bronx, and played professionally with other touring exhibition teams.
Born in the Bronx and raised in Harlem, he was a star player in the New York Towers Basketball team, who is one of the most successful teams in the Dwarf Athletic Association. He has also competed in the World Dwarf Games.
Harlem Globetrotters
In 2017, Swanson signed with the Harlem Globetrotters to be a part of their 2018 "Amazing Feats of Basketball" World Tour. Nicknamed "Hot Shot," he will tour the world with the famous team.
Tours
Jahmani has travelled all around the world playing basketball, but is known to go to schools in his spare time to promote people with Dwarfism to do sports and other activities despite their height.
He has inspired many children and adults, while also teaching people about dwarfism.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People with dwarfism
Basketball players from New York (state)
American men's basketball players
Jean-François Péron (born 11 October 1965 in Saint-Omer, France), more commonly known in England as Jeff Peron, is a retired French professional footballer who played as a midfielder for several teams in the Football League.
After finishing his playing career, Péron moved into coaching.
References
External links
Jeff Peron French careers stats at racingstub.com
1965 births
Living people
People from Saint-Omer
French footballers
French expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Association football midfielders
RC Strasbourg Alsace players
RC Lens players
Stade Malherbe Caen players
Ayr United F.C. players
Walsall F.C. players
Portsmouth F.C. players
Wigan Athletic F.C. players
English Football League players
Scottish Football League players
Sportspeople from Pas-de-Calais
Footballers from Hauts-de-France
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
French expatriate sportspeople in England
French expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
The Fort Lauderdale Symphony Orchestra was a Fort Lauderdale, Florida, United States, symphony orchestra founded in 1949 by high school orchestra director John Canfield. The orchestra developed from an amateur group to a semi-professional orchestra with Emerson Buckley at the helm in 1963. In 1985, the orchestra merged with the Boca Raton Symphony Orchestra to form the Philharmonic Orchestra of Florida, which would later be renamed the Florida Philharmonic, and would serve the South Florida metropolitan area until its financial collapse in 2003.
References
Disbanded American orchestras
Musical groups established in 1949
1949 establishments in Florida
1985 disestablishments in Florida
Musical groups disestablished in 1985
The William K. Gordon Scholarship Fund is a Dutch Foundation set up in the early 1970s to promote international education in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.
Background
The William K. Gordon Scholarship Fund became an official Foundation (Stichting) on 1 February 1974, to provide a public service to the members of the international community living and working in the Rotterdam area. The purpose of the Scholarship Fund is to promote international education by means of scholarships or loans to be made available to, or on behalf of students at the American International School of Rotterdam (AISR). Among the many deserving students assisted through the years, in 2017 the fund supported the application of a gifted child of a Syrian refugee family. Funds for the Foundation have been drawn from the proceeds of the sale of best-selling English-language guide books to the Netherlands, together with donations from international companies and corporations.
Gallery
References
Further reading
"Here's Holland: Its Own Story" The Book and Scholarship Fund. (2017) Going Dutch, AWC The Hague, May/June 2017, p. 38-39
Stichting William K. Gordon Scholarship Fund Charter, February 16, 1974, Rotterdam, Netherlands (KvK 41126091)
Focus, Expat (2017) "Rotterdam - Education & Schools | ExpatFocus.com". Retrieved 2017-06-29.
Roaming 'round Rotterdam (1973) [1st Edition] Rotterdam, Netherlands: Rotterdam Information Department, pp. 306; Roaming 'round Holland (1978) [3rd edition] Utrecht: Van Boekhoven/Bosch, pp. 426; Here's Holland (2007) [9th edition] Delft, Netherlands: Eburon BV, pp. 492
Study in the Netherlands: Grants and scholarships, Expatica.com
Charities based in the Netherlands
Rotterdam
Otis Hovair Transit Systems is a type of hovertrain used in low-speed people mover applications. Traditional people mover systems used wheeled vehicles propelled by electric motors or cable traction, the Hovair replaces the wheels with a hovercraft lift pad. The aim is to reduce guideway complexity and vehicle maintenance. Another benefit is the system's ability to move in all directions, including sideways. The Hovair is the only hovertrain system to be used in commercial service.
History
Originally developed at General Motors as an automated guideway transit system, GM was forced to divest the design as part of an anti-trust ruling. The design eventually ended up at Otis Elevator who replaced its linear motor with a cable pull and sold the resulting design for people mover installations all over the world. The first installation was the Duke Hospital PRT in 1979, followed by the Harbour Island People Mover opened in 1985. Otis successfully marketed the system through the 1980s and into the 1990s, but faced increasing competition from conventional systems.
In 1996, Otis formed a joint venture called Poma-Otis Transportation Systems with the French company Poma to promote these products. The partnership has since been dissolved, and it appears Otis is no longer involved in promoting the technology. However it is still marketed as one of the Minimetro products sold by Poma & Leitner Group. The latest installation, the Cairo Airport People Mover, opened on May 15, 2012.
Current operators
Cincinnati Airport People Mover
U-Bahn Serfaus
ExpressTram at Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport
Getty Center Tram
Huntsville Hospital Tram System
Minneapolis-St. Paul Airport Trams
Zurich Airport Skymetro
Cairo International Airport
Sun City (South Africa) "Skytrain" (opened 1986), single track with bypass ramp, two stations, two trains of three vehicles
Former operators
Duke University Medical Center Patient Rapid Transit
Harbour Island People Mover
Narita Airport Terminal 2 Shuttle System
See also
Hovertrain
Aérotrain
Tracked Hovercraft
Transpo '72
References
External links
Metro Tram
Narita International Airport official website
Skymetro de Poma otis.
Airport people mover systems
is a railway station in Higashihiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Kōchi Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Layout
Kōchi Station consists of one side platform, one island platform, and a station office on ground-level. The two platforms are connected by a footbridge.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1894
Arthur Travers Crawford (1835–1911) was a British government employee and the first Municipal Commissioner and collector of Bombay (now Mumbai), India. Crawford was famous as an able administrator as well as for his allegedly, underhand financial dealings.
Crawford acquired the Agri-Horticulture Society's gardens at Sewri in order to build the European cemetery in 1865. Crawford Market in South Mumbai was named after him. When he took over as Commissioner, water supply was scanty, garbage was piling up and the mortality rate was a high 40 per 1,000. Crawford cleaned the streets, fixed the drains and lowered the mortality rate by half from 35,000 to 18,000 over the next two years. However his plans greatly overshot the civic budget and he was accused of financial mismanagement after he refused to heed to warnings that the deficit was ever widening. While criticised by many, he was defended by lawyer Pherozeshah Mehta during the Municipal controversy circa 1870.
Later in his career it was alleged that Crawford had accepted bribes from mamlatdars (executive heads of a taluka). This prompted a fierce public debate led by Lokmanya Tilak and Gopal Krishna Gokhale. The subsequent inquiry, chaired by Judge Arthur Wilson of the Calcutta High Court, found Crawford (then the Commissioner of Bombay Presidency's Central Division), not guilty of accepting bribes but only of borrowing money from official subordinates. Crawford was subsequently removed from the Civil Service List and asked to return to London.
According to Govid Talwalkar's author of Gopal Krishna Gokhale: His Life and Times, a June 1890 Westminster Review article alleged that Crawford's illegal funds were transferred to Europe through a French bank. Then, as a decoy, he wrote two letters to his brother based in Bombay that he would commit suicide at Holkar Bridge in Poona (now Pune). Dressed as a tramp, he boarded the third-class compartment of a Bombay-bound train. While in a hotel near the docks, the police got wind of his presence and arrested him. Crawford had tried to buy a ticket to Colombo.
Back in London, he penned his memoirs on his life in India, titled Our Troubles in Poona and the Deccan which was published in 1897. He described many communities in the Bombay region along with their sketches. He meted out special harsh criticism on Brahmins. His fluency in Marathi ironically however led contemporary writer N. C. Kelkar to comment that Crawford could have passed off as a Chitpawan Brahmin had he donned a dhoti. Other books published by Crawford include Reminiscence of an Indian Police Officer, The Unrest in India and Legends of Konkan.
References
Our Troubles in Poona and the Deccan, Arthur Crawford, Archibald Constable & Co., London, UK, 1897.
Arthur Crawford – TIFR Mumbai pages
Arthur Crawford who?; Mid-day; Alpana Lath Sawai; August 14, 2005
The colourful Arthur Crawford; Nina Martyris/TNN; Times of India, Mumbai; pg-2; 2006-04-01
The Arthur Crawford Scandal: Corruption, Governance, and Indian Victims, Michael D. Metelits, Oxford, 2020
Indian civil servants
1835 births
1911 deaths
Aymara may refer to:
Languages and people
Aymaran languages, the second most widespread Andean language
Aymara language, the main language within that family
Central Aymara, the other surviving branch of the Aymara(n) family, which today includes only the endangered Jaqaru/Kawki language
Aymara people, the native ethnic group identified with the speakers of Altiplano Aymara
Culture
Corazón Aymara (English: Aymara Heart), 1925 Bolivian silent feature film directed by Pedro Sambarino
Grupo Aymara, Bolivian folk troupe of traditional music of pre-Hispanic and contemporary music of the Andes
Socialist Aymara Group (Spanish: Grupo Aymara Socialista), left-wing indigenous political group in Bolivia
Places
Aymaraes Province, the largest of seven provinces of the Apurímac Region in Peru
Aymara Lupaca Reserved Zone, a protected area in southeastern Peru
Nature
Aymaramyia, genus of crane bird found in Peru
Aymaratherium, genus of extinct sloth
Anthidium aymara, Chilean species of bee in the family Megachilidae
Aymara parakeet, alias of grey-hooded parakeet (Psilopsiagon aymara), a species of parrot found in South America
Hoplias aimara, the wolf fish from South America
Metriopelia aymara, Latin name of golden-spotted ground dove, a species of bird found in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, and Peru
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
"Jalebi Baby" is a Punjabi-English song sung and produced by Canadian-Indian singer, rapper and producer Tesher, first released on November 13, 2020 by Namah Music Group and Capitol Records. Following the viral success of the track, a remix with American singer Jason Derulo was released on May 28, 2021. "Jalebi Baby" was written by Hitesh Sharma, with additional lyrics added for the remix by Jason Derulo.
Background and release
In 2020, after his debut with the single "Young Shahrukh", Tesher independently released "Yummy Jalebi", a remix of Justin Bieber's "Yummy" with "Jalebi Bai" from the soundtrack of Bollywood film Double Dhamaal. The song went viral on social media platforms including TikTok and Instagram for a verse featuring original vocals from Tesher. In response to popular demand, he released a version that removed "Yummy" and extended his verse to a full original song with his own rapping in Punjabi and English. The new song, entitled "Jalebi Baby", was released for digital download and streaming on November 13, 2020 as his second major label single.
"Jalebi Baby" achieved viral success on TikTok, which caught the attention of American singer Jason Derulo. Derulo approached Tesher to feature on the song, and a remix version with the duo was released for digital download and streaming on May 28, 2021. The official music video for the remix, directed by Gil Green, was released on July 13, 2021.
Composition
"Jalebi Baby" is composed in the key of D minor for both the original and the remix, with a tempo of 93 beats per minute. The song title refers to a well-known South Asian and Middle Eastern sweet known as jalebi. Tesher posted on his Instagram page that "He can tell you the 2021 song of the summer is literally about an Indian sweet. And that's got to count for something". However, the lyrics were intended by Tesher as a double entendre, with the titular jalebi taking on a more risqué meaning. In an interview with PopShift, Tesher admitted, "For me personally … when I say, 'Baby let me eat it, I just want to see it,' I'm not talking about jalebis. And I'll leave it at that."
Live performances
On July 7, 2021, Tesher and Jason Derulo performed "Jalebi Baby" together live on Today. On May 15, 2022, Tesher performed "Jalebi Baby" live with Simu Liu at the Juno Awards of 2022, which were held at Toronto's Budweiser Stage.
Commercial performance
Upon release, "Jalebi Baby" became a viral sensation, topping the Shazam charts in 25+ countries and amassing over 100 million combined global streams by May. The track became Tesher's second after "Young Shahrukh" to peak at number one on the UK Asian Music Chart and remained atop the chart for seven consecutive weeks. The song also debuted at number 20 on the Top Triller Global chart on the issue dated February 20, 2021 and at number 16 on Billboard'''s World Digital Song Sales chart on the issue dated May 29, 2021.
"Jalebi Baby" entered at number 186 on the Billboard Global 200 chart and at number 116 on the Billboard Global Excl. U.S. chart on the issue dated June 12. The track also steadily rose on the World Digital Song Sales chart to a peak of number 3 for two weeks in July. The song debuted at number 17 in the inaugural edition of India's top 20 international singles chart on June 21 and rose to a peak of 7 for three weeks starting on July 26, becoming Tesher's first top-ten hit in the country. It was a success in Europe as well, charting in Austria, France, Germany, Netherlands, Poland, and Switzerland. "Jalebi Baby" amassed over 200 million global streams as of July 2021. Outside Europe, the song also topped the charts in India, the US, and Canada.
Following the release of the music video, "Jalebi Baby" gained traction globally. After weeks of static or downward motion on the Billboard Global 200 charts, in the week ending July 15 streams rose 26% to 12.8 million and sales rose 6% to 2,100 worldwide. The song shot from number 142 to 119 on the July 24-dated Global Excl. U.S. chart and re-entered the Global 200 at number 187, approaching its original peaks. This was the first week in which Derulo was credited on the Global charts, as the remix outperformed the original in chart activity for the first time. The following week, the track reached new peaks at number 80 on the Global 200 and number 50 on the Global Excl. U.S. chart. The song entered the Pop Airplay chart at number 39 on the week of August 14.
Usage in media
"Jalebi Baby" featured in the second episode of the Disney+ original television series Ms. Marvel'', which stars Iman Vellani as Kamala Khan, the first Muslim superhero in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The song plays as Kamala meets her crush Kamran shirtless for the first time. Tesher was delighted by the inclusion of his song, stating "It's no secret I'm a big Marvel fan so being Kamala Khan's mental thirsting soundtrack is an absolute dream come true for me. The best part of all this, however, is that I can officially say that I exist in the MCU."
Credits and personnel
Credits and personnel for "Jalebi Baby" and its remix adapted from Tidal.
Tesher, lead artist, producer, composer, lyricist, mixer, recording engineer
Shweta Subram, background vocalist
Jason Derulo, lead artist, composer, lyricist (remix)
Ben Hogarth, recording engineer (remix)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2020 songs
2021 singles
Jason Derulo songs
Songs written by Jason Derulo
Punjabi-language songs
Canadian dance songs
Paul Allaerts (born 9 July 1964 in Mol, Belgium) is a Belgian former football referee. Outside sport Allaerts works as an IT manager.
Allaerts began refereeing in 1985 and took charge of his first Belgian First Division game in 1996. He is one of only two Belgian UEFA-certified referees, along with Frank De Bleeckere, meaning that he is able to referee matches in the UEFA Champions League, UEFA Cup and UEFA European Championship. Allaerts was also voted Belgian Referee of the Year in 2004-05 and 2005-06. He was named the referee for the first Group B game of the UEFA Cup 2008–09 season between Hertha Berlin and Benfica in Germany, on 23 October 2008, along with Danny Huens and Joel De Bruyn as his linesmen, and Jean-Baptist Bultynck as the 4th referee.
In the 2008-09 season he refereed 18 games in the Belgian First Division. In total he showed 79 yellow cards and 4 red cards and awarded eight penalties. During the season, he refereed four games between Anderlecht and Standard Liège: 1 time for the Belgian Supercup, 2 times in the first division and 1 duel of the test games (appointing the Belgian Champion). Furthermore, in 2008-2009 he refereed one game in the Champions league between FC Basel and Sporting Clube de Portugal.
References
1964 births
Living people
Belgian football referees
People from Mol, Belgium
Yermolovka may refer to:
Yermolovka, Voronezh Oblast
Yermolovka, Republic of Tatarstan, a village in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia
Yermolovka, name of several other rural localities in Russia
Rock's law or Moore's second law, named for Arthur Rock or Gordon Moore, says that the cost of a semiconductor chip fabrication plant doubles every four years. As of 2015, the price had already reached about 14 billion US dollars.
Rock's law can be seen as the economic flip side to Moore's (first) law – that the number of transistors in a dense integrated circuit doubles every two years. The latter is a direct consequence of the ongoing growth of the capital-intensive semiconductor industry— innovative and popular products mean more profits, meaning more capital available to invest in ever higher levels of large-scale integration, which in turn leads to the creation of even more innovative products.
The semiconductor industry has always been extremely capital-intensive, with ever-dropping manufacturing unit costs. Thus, the ultimate limits to growth of the industry will constrain the maximum amount of capital that can be invested in new products; at some point, Rock's Law will collide with Moore's Law.
It has been suggested that fabrication plant costs have not increased as quickly as predicted by Rock's law – indeed plateauing in the late 1990s – and also that the fabrication plant cost per transistor (which has shown a pronounced downward trend) may be more relevant as a constraint on Moore's Law.
See also
Semiconductor device fabrication
Fabless manufacturing
Wirth's law, an analogous law about software complicating over time
Semiconductor consolidation
References
External links
Adages
Computer architecture statements
Computer industry
Computing culture
Electronic design
Temporal exponentials
Rules of thumb
Electronics industry
Frederick Charles Plumptre (1796–1870) was a Victorian academic and administrator. He was Master of University College, Oxford for many years till the end of his life and concurrently Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University for four years.
Frederick Plumptre was from an academic family, mainly at Cambridge. He attained a second class degree in Literae Humaniores in 1817 at University College, Oxford, and was elected a Fellow in the same year. He became Dean and Tutor of the college from 1821.
Plumptre had an interest in architecture and served three terms as President of the Oxford Architectural Society. He was involved in the restoration and building of several churches in Oxford. He was also a member of the Delegacy (building committee), established on 8 April 1854, that set up the Oxford University Museum.
Augustus Hare, who matriculated at University College in 1853, said of him:
"It would be impossible to discover a more perfect ‘old gentleman' than Dr Plumptre, though he was often laughed at. When he was inquiring into any fault, he would begin with, 'Now pray take care what you say, because whatever you say I shall believe.' He had an old-fashioned veneration for rank, and let Lord Egmont off lectures two days in the week that he might hunt – 'it was so suitable.'”
Plumptre Award
The Plumptre Exhibition is awarded by University College each year to students who have demonstrated good academic work, conduct and contribution to College life.
References
External links
1796 births
1870 deaths
English theologians
Alumni of University College, Oxford
Fellows of University College, Oxford
Masters of University College, Oxford
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Oxford
María Antonia de Armengol Criado (Valencian: Maria Antònia; born 22 September 1950, in Paris, France) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
Married, Armengol qualified as a lawyer and entered politics in 1983 when she was elected as a PSOE deputy to the Cortes Valencianas, the Valencian regional parliament, serving until 2003.
In 2004 she was elected to the Congress of Deputies as a deputy for Valencia region but did not stand at the 2008 election. She also served as a member of the federal committee of the PSOE and was a member of Greenpeace.
References
Members of the 8th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
1950 births
Living people
Spanish Socialist Workers' Party politicians
Women members of the Congress of Deputies (Spain)
20th-century Spanish women politicians
21st-century Spanish women politicians
Members of the 1st Corts Valencianes
Members of the 2nd Corts Valencianes
Members of the 3rd Corts Valencianes
Members of the 4th Corts Valencianes
Members of the 5th Corts Valencianes
Peter Ng may refer to:
Peter Huang (黃文雄, born 1937), Taiwanese activist for democratization and human rights
Peter B. K. Ng (Peter B. K. Ng, born 1947), horse trainer in Hong Kong
Peter Ng (tong member), member of the Joe Boys and perpetrator of the Golden Dragon massacre in San Francisco Chinatown
Peter Kee Lin Ng, marine biologist at NUS
The United Nations romanization systems for geographical names (U.N.R.S.G.N.) are alternative romanization systems to ISO romanization developed by the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names under the United Nations Statistical Commission.
References
Romanization
Toponymy
Michael Kießling (born 29 May 1973) is a German engineer and politician of the Christian Social Union (CSU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2017.
Political career
Kießling became a member of the Bundestag in the 2017 German federal election, representing the Starnberg and Landsberg districts.
In parliament, Kießling serves on the Committee on Construction, Housing, Urban Development and Communities and the Committee on the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety. In this capacity, he is his parliamentary group's rapporteur on the conversion of facilities no longer used by the Bundeswehr.
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1973 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
People from Hinwil District
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Agape – Agape / Love – Love is the fourteenth album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1983 on Uniton. In 2004 SPV re-released the album with one bonus track.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Florian Fricke except where noted.
"Hand in Hand" – 2:52
"They Danced, They Laughed, As of Old" (Daniel Fichelscher) – 4:49
"Love, Life, Death" – 1:28
"The Christ Is Near" – 3:50
"Love – Love" – 5:20
"Behold, the Drover Summonds" – 5:52
"Agape – Agape" – 4:55
"Why Do I Still Sleep" – 7:58
2004 bonus track
"Circledance" (Fricke, Fichelscher) – 2:36
Personnel
Florian Fricke – piano, vocals, percussion
Daniel Fichelscher – guitar, percussion, vocals
Conny Veit – guitar
Renate Knaup – vocals
Guest musicians
Frank Fielder
Jan Lorck-Schierning
Nina
Credits
Recorded at Bavaria Studio, Munich, June–October 1982
Recorded and mixed by Stefan Massimo Jauch, Peter Kramper, Angie Melitoupulos
Produced by Florian Fricke and Popol Vuh
Cover design by Bengt Olson
Liner notes
Behold, the drover summons:
Why do I still sleep?
Behold, the drover summons:
Agape, Agape
Hand in hand.
Behold, the drover summons:
Ha Ram Sam Sam
Ha Ram Sam Sam
Gully Gully, Gully Gully
Gully Ram Ram Sam
Agape, Agape
Love, love
Why do I still sleep?
References
External links
http://www.venco.com.pl/~acrux/agape.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20081029050641/http://www.furious.com/perfect/populvuh.html (Comprehensive article & review of every album, in English)
https://web.archive.org/web/20080119183122/http://www.enricobassi.it/popvuhdiscografia80.htm (featuring the original credits)
Popol Vuh (band) albums
1983 albums
Escharinidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Cheilostomatida.
Genera
Genera:
Allotherenia Winston & Vieira, 2013
Bactridium Reuss, 1848
Bryopesanser Tilbrook, 2006
Chiastosella Canu & Bassler, 1934
Dightonia Brown, 1948
Escharina Milne Edwards, 1836
Herentia Gray, 1848
Phaeostachys Hayward, 1979
Schizobathysella Canu & Bassler, 1917
Taylorus Pérez, López Gappa, Vieira & Gordon, 2020
Therenia David & Pouyet, 1978
Toretocheilum Rogick, 1960
References
Bryozoan families
The Gomphidiaceae are a family of mushroom-forming fungi in the order Boletales. Unlike other boletes, all members of Gomphidiaceae (except for Gomphogaster) are agarics, having gills instead of pores. Member genera include Chroogomphus, Cystogomphus, Gomphidius and Gomphogaster, the last being a monotypic genus (i.e. with a single species) that may be incorporated into Gomphidius in the future after molecular assessment. The similarly named genus Gomphus is unrelated to this family. Another genus Brauniellula has since been sunk into Chroogomphus.
Like all agarics, this group was formerly classified in Agaricales. Nonetheless, many of the microscopic features of these fungi, such as spore shape, strongly suggested an affinity with Boletales. This was later confirmed through molecular phylogenetic investigation, which demonstrated that Gomphidiaceae are more closely related to boletes than the "true" agarics of the Agaricales and that the development of gills in this group was an independent evolutionary event from the development of gills in the Agaricales. Molecular phylogenetic investigations have also demonstrated Gomphidiaceae are nested well within Boletales, being more closely related to Suillaceae than to Boletaceae, a finding that is supported by chemotaxonomic investigation of these groups.
This family of fungi has been thought to be ectomycorrhizal, forming symbiotic relationship with their host trees, however, there is now evidence that many (and perhaps all) species in this group are parasitic upon ectomycorrhizal boletes, in relationships that are often highly species-specific.
References
Further reading
"The Gomphidiaceae revisited: a worldwide perspective" by Orson K. Miller, Jr, Mycologia 95(1):176–183, January/February 2003.
Boletales
Gomphidiaceae
Paul Bender is an American attorney, author, judge, and former dean of the Arizona State University college of law. He was formerly a professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. Over his career Bender has argued more than 20 cases before the United States Supreme Court. He is often cited as an expert in constitutional law.
Education
Bender attended James Madison High School in Brooklyn, New York, where he was a high school classmate with future Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Bender received both his bachelors and J.D. degrees from Harvard University. After law school Bender clerked for Judge Learned Hand of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and Justice Felix Frankfurter of the U.S. Supreme Court during the 1959 Term.
Legal career
After his clerkships Bender was a professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School before becoming dean of the Arizona State University college of law in 1984. In 1965 Bender served as Assistant to U.S. Solicitors General Archibald Cox where he defended the United States in Brenner v. Manson. He later worked as General Counsel to the President's Commission on Obscenity and Pornography from 1968 until 1970. Bender served as dean of the ASU law school until 1989. In 1993, during the Bill Clinton administration, Bender was appointed Deputy Solicitor General by Drew Days. Bender continues to teach courses in constitutional law at ASU.
Bender has been the Chief Judge of the court of appeals of the San Carlos Apache Tribe since 2005, and Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Fort McDowell Yavapai Nation since 1998.
While Deputy Solicitor General, Bender argued several notable cases, including:
Farmer v. Brennan (1994), in which the Court held that "deliberate indifference" to a substantial risk of serious harm to an inmate is cruel and unusual punishment.
United States v. National Treasury Employees Union (1995), in which the Court held that section 501(b) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 violates the First Amendment.
United States v. Virginia (1996), in which the Supreme Court struck down the Virginia Military Institute (VMI)'s long-standing male-only admission policy.
United States v. Winstar Corp. (1996), in which the Court held that waivers of sovereign power generally must be surrendered in unmistakable terms.
Bush v. Vera (1996), in which the court struck down districts in Texas for racial gerrymandering.
Other notable case Bender has argued before the Court include:
Arizona Christian School Tuition Organization v. Winn, representing the respondent Winn.
Stewart v. Martinez-Villareal.
Bender was a vocal opponent of Miguel Estrada, who worked under Bender at the Solicitor General's office, when Estrada was nominated to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals
Arizona redistricting commission
Bender was part of the team that drafted Arizona's Proposition 106, which created the Arizona Independent Redistricting Commission in 2000. Bender subsequently sought one of the five seats on the commission. His nomination was opposed by Republicans in the state legislature and was the subject of an Arizona Supreme Court case: Adams v. Commission on Appellate Court Appointment. The court held that members of tribal courts are not "public officials" for the purpose of the redistricting commission.
Publications
Copyright and First Amendment After Eldred v. Ashcroft, 30 Colum J. L. & Arts 349 (2006)(SSRN).
Foreword, the School Tax Credit Case - a Study in Constitutional Misinterpretation, 32 Ariz. St. L. J. 1 (2000).
1990 Arizona Repatriation Legislation, 24 Ariz. St. L.J. 391 (1992)(SSRN).
Paul Bender (co-author). Political and Civil Rights in the United States (Orig. 1979; 4th Supp. 1982). Boston, Mass.: Little, Brown. , .
See also
List of law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States (Seat 2)
References
External links
ASU Profile
Law Office Profile
Appearances at U.S. Supreme Court, Oyez.com
1933 births
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American judges
American legal scholars
Arizona State University faculty
Copyright scholars
Harvard Law School alumni
James Madison High School (Brooklyn) alumni
Law clerks of Judge Learned Hand
Law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States
Lawyers from Brooklyn
American scholars of constitutional law
United States Department of Justice lawyers
University of Pennsylvania Law School faculty
Living people
Beciu is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bârseștii de Jos, Beciu and Smârdan. These were part of Plopii-Slăvitești Commune until 2004, when they were split off.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Julia Görges and Vladimíra Uhlířová were the defending champions, but Görges chose to participate in Bad Gastein.
Uhlířová partnered up with Maria Kondratieva and won in the final against Anna Chakvetadze and Marina Erakovic 6–4, 2–6, [10–7].
Seeds
Draw
Draw
External links
Doubles Draw
Doubles
Banka Koper Slovenia Open
The chocolate-vented tyrant (Neoxolmis rufiventris) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. The species was first scientifically described by Vieillot in 1823.
It breeds in southern Argentina and Tierra del Fuego; it migrates north to the Pampas.
Its natural habitat is temperate grassland.
References
chocolate-vented tyrant
Birds of Patagonia
Birds of Tierra del Fuego
chocolate-vented tyrant
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Menzies Miner was a weekly newspaper based in the mining town of Menzies, Western Australia, which operated from 1895 to 1901.
It was established in December 1895 by future federal Labor government minister Hugh Mahon, who had previously been a newspaper editor at nearby Coolgardie. It was the first newspaper on the North Coolgardie goldfields.
Mahon's editorship was credited with a successful campaign for the establishment of public mining batteries and the exposure of the Perth Ice Company fraud. In 1909, Mahon was alleged to have engaged in newspaper cable piracy during his time at the Miner, a claim that he strongly denied.
Mahon sold the business to the owners of conservative rival Menzies newspaper the North Coolgardie Herald in August 1898, with which Mahon had clashed both personally and ideologically. In 1909, Mahon would claim that the Herald had been "started and carried on with the object of ruining [him]".
The owners of the Herald continued to operate both newspapers from the same office for some years, with the weekly distribution of the Miner in combination with the daily Herald, and distributed it through the North Coolgardie goldfields until local competition emerged in other towns.
It ceased publication in 1901.
References
Defunct newspapers published in Western Australia
Newspapers on Trove
1895 establishments in Australia
1901 disestablishments in Australia
Publications established in 1895
Publications disestablished in 1901
Newspapers published in Goldfields-Esperance
Walpertskirchen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Erding (district)
Polystilifera is an suborder of worms belonging to the order Hoplonemertea.
Families:
Armaueriidae
Balaenanemertidae
Brinkmanniidae
Buergeriellidae
Chuniellidae
Dinonemertidae
Drepanobandidae
Drepanogigantidae
Drepanophorellidae
Drepanophoridae
Drepanophoringiidae
Nectonemertidae
Pachynemertidae
Paradrepanophoridae
Pelagonemertidae
Phallonemertidae
Planktonemertidae
Protopelagonemertidae
Siboganemertidae
Uniporidae
References
Hoplonemertea
The ground state of a quantum-mechanical system is its stationary state of the lowest energy; the energy of the ground state is known as the zero-point energy of the system. An excited state is any state with energy greater than the ground state. In quantum field theory, the ground state is usually called the vacuum state or the vacuum.
If more than one ground state exists, they are said to be degenerate. Many systems have degenerate ground states. Degeneracy occurs whenever there exists a unitary operator that acts non-trivially on a ground state and commutes with the Hamiltonian of the system.
According to the third law of thermodynamics, a system at absolute zero temperature exists in its ground state; thus, its entropy is determined by the degeneracy of the ground state. Many systems, such as a perfect crystal lattice, have a unique ground state and therefore have zero entropy at absolute zero. It is also possible for the highest excited state to have absolute zero temperature for systems that exhibit negative temperature.
Absence of nodes in one dimension
In one dimension, the ground state of the Schrödinger equation can be proven to have no nodes.
Derivation
Consider the average energy of a state with a node at ; i.e., . The average energy in this state would be
where is the potential.
With integration by parts:
Hence in case that is equal to zero, one gets:
Now, consider a small interval around ; i.e., . Take a new (deformed) wave function to be defined as , for ; and , for ; and constant for . If it is small enough, this is always possible to do, so that is continuous.
Assuming around , one may write
where is the norm.
Note that the kinetic-energy densities hold everywhere because of the normalization. More significantly, the average kinetic energy is lowered by by the deformation to .
Now, consider the potential energy. For definiteness, let us choose . Then it is clear that, outside the interval , the potential energy density is smaller for the because there.
On the other hand, in the interval we have
which holds to order .
However, the contribution to the potential energy from this region for the state with a node is
lower, but still of the same lower order as for the deformed state , and subdominant to the lowering of the average kinetic energy.
Therefore, the potential energy is unchanged up to order , if we deform the state with a node into a state without a node, and the change can be ignored.
We can therefore remove all nodes and reduce the energy by , which implies that cannot be the ground state. Thus the ground-state wave function cannot have a node. This completes the proof. (The average energy may then be further lowered by eliminating undulations, to the variational absolute minimum.)
Implication
As the ground state has no nodes it is spatially non-degenerate, i.e. there are no two stationary quantum states with the energy eigenvalue of the ground state (let's name it ) and the same spin state and therefore would only differ in their position-space wave functions.
The reasoning goes by contradiction: For if the ground state would be degenerate then there would be two orthonormal stationary states and — later on represented by their complex-valued position-space wave functions and — and any superposition with the complex numbers fulfilling the condition would also be a BS such a state, i.e. would have the same energy-eigenvalue and the same spin-state.
Now let be some random point (where both wave functions are defined) and set:
and
with
(according to the premise no nodes).
Therefore the position-space wave function of is
Hence
for all .
But i.e., is a node of the ground state wave function and that is in contradiction to the premise that this wave function cannot have a node.
Note that the ground state could be degenerate because of different spin states like and while having the same position-space wave function: Any superposition of these states would create a mixed spin state but leave the spatial part (as a common factor of both) unaltered.
Examples
The wave function of the ground state of a particle in a one-dimensional box is a half-period sine wave, which goes to zero at the two edges of the well. The energy of the particle is given by , where h is the Planck constant, m is the mass of the particle, n is the energy state (n = 1 corresponds to the ground-state energy), and L is the width of the well.
The wave function of the ground state of a hydrogen atom is a spherically symmetric distribution centred on the nucleus, which is largest at the center and reduces exponentially at larger distances. The electron is most likely to be found at a distance from the nucleus equal to the Bohr radius. This function is known as the 1s atomic orbital. For hydrogen (H), an electron in the ground state has energy , relative to the ionization threshold. In other words, 13.6 eV is the energy input required for the electron to no longer be bound to the atom.
The exact definition of one second of time since 1997 has been the duration of periods of the radiation corresponding to the transition between the two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the caesium-133 atom at rest at a temperature of 0 K.
Notes
Bibliography
Quantum mechanics
Akram Ahmed Salman (; born 15 July 1945) is an Iraqi football manager and former head coach of Al-Wehdat.
Playing career
Akram Ahmed Salman began his career in 1963 as a player for Esalet Al-Mae, and went on to coach the team in 1970, as one of the youngest coaches in Iraq.
Coaching career
Akram Ahmed Salman coached the Iraq national team in 2015. He resigned from the position in June 2015.
Salman is now leading Erbil in the 2018-2019 season. He took lead of the team in 28 April 2019, after the leave of Nadhum Shaker. Salman is coaching the Iraqi north team now.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Manager
Tadamon Sour
Lebanese FA Cup: 2001
Erbil
Iraqi League: 2006-07
Al Wehdat
Jordan Premier League: 2008-09
Jordan FA Cup: 2008-09
Jordan FA Shield: 2010
Jordan Super Cup: 2009
Al-Tilal
Yemeni Presidents Cup: 2010
Safa
Lebanese Premier League: 2011-12, 2012-13
Lebanese FA Cup: 2012-13
Lebanese Elite Cup: 2012
Iraq
West Asian Games: 2005
Individual
Lebanese Premier League Best Coach: 2000–01, 2012–13
References
Iraqi football managers
Iraq national football team managers
Iraqi footballers
Sportspeople from Baghdad
1945 births
Living people
Expatriate football managers in Saudi Arabia
Al-Faisaly SC managers
Expatriate football managers in Jordan
Al-Shoulla FC managers
Al-Arabi SC (Qatar) managers
Emirates Club managers
Association footballers not categorized by position
Al-Zawraa SC managers
Al-Ramtha SC managers
The 2005 European Baseball Championship was won by the Netherlands. It was held in the Czech Republic.The top 4 qualified for the 2007 Baseball World Cup.
Round 1
Pool A
Standings
Source: http://catcher.home.xs4all.nl
Pool B
Standings
Source: http://catcher.home.xs4all.nl
Round 2
Pool C
Standings
Source: http://catcher.home.xs4all.nl
Pool D
Standings
Source: http://catcher.home.xs4all.nl
Classification game
3rd/4th place game
Source: http://catcher.home.xs4all.nl
Final
Source: http://catcher.home.xs4all.nl
Final standings
References
External links
Official site
European Baseball Championship
European Baseball Championship
2005
2005 in Czech sport
Gloria Ester “Loli” Villamayor Jara (born 10 April 1992) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as a forward for Liga MX Femenil club Deportivo Toluca and the Paraguay women's national team. She previously played for Colo-Colo in the Chilean women's football championship.
With Everton she was the top-scorer of the 2010 Copa Libertadores Femenina.
References
External links
Profile at La Liga
Gloria Villamayor at BDFutbol
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Asunción
Paraguayan women's footballers
Women's association football forwards
Everton de Viña del Mar footballers
Colo-Colo (women) footballers
Zaragoza CFF players
Patriotas Boyacá footballers
Real Oviedo (women) players
CDE Racing Féminas players
Primera División (women) players
Segunda Federación (women) players
Paraguay women's international footballers
Footballers at the 2019 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Paraguay
Paraguayan expatriate women's footballers
Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Expatriate women's footballers in Chile
Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate women's footballers in Spain
Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Colombia
Expatriate women's footballers in Colombia
Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Expatriate women's footballers in Mexico
Paraguayan women's futsal players
The Communications Regulatory Authority of Namibia (CRAN), established by the Namibian Communication Act (Act No. 8 of 2009) on 18 May 2011 with the mandate to regulate postal and telecommunication services. It emerged from the former Namibia Communications Commission. CRAN is accountable to the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology of Namibia.
See also
Media of Namibia
Telecommunications in Namibia
References
External links
Ministry Of Information And Communication Technology
CRAN
Government of Namibia
Communications in Namibia
2011 establishments in Namibia
The Graah Mountains ( or Graah Bjerge) are a mountain range in southeastern Greenland. Administratively this range is part of the Kujalleq municipality.
This mountain group was named after Wilhelm August Graah, who described them for the first time during his 1829 expedition to the little known eastern coast of Greenland in search of the lost Eastern Norse Settlement. The area of the range is currently uninhabited.
Geography
The Graah Mountains are relatively little glaciated craggy and steep nunataks rising above the glaciers in the King Frederick VI Coast. The range runs roughly from east to west from the Irminger Sea coast to the Greenland ice sheet west of Kangerluk Fjord, between Kangerluluk Fjord in the north and Iluileq Fjord (Danell Fjord) in the south. The highest elevation of the range is located at its western end close to the head of Iluileq Fjord, at .
Graah described this group of mountains from the coast in the following terms:
See also
List of mountain ranges of Greenland
List of Nunataks#Greenland
Amphibolite
References
External links
Aeromagnetic map of South Greenland
Earth's continental land masses created in short, fast bursts, scientists say
Mountain ranges of Greenland
Nunataks of Greenland
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in South Carolina, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1788, South Carolina has participated in every U.S. presidential election except the election of 1864 during the American Civil War, when the state had seceded to join the Confederacy.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Vote allocated by legislature.
Elections from 1788-89 to 1856
In all elections from 1792 to 1860, South Carolina did not conduct a popular vote. Each Elector was appointed by the state legislature.
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become president, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and his supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
See also
Elections in South Carolina
Notes
References
"Conception" is a 1950 jazz standard written by George Shearing in the bebop style. The composition is in the key of Db and is noticeable for its chromatic descending chord sequences. The original score was adapted by Miles Davis in 1950, who created an arrangement that kept Shearing's chord changes and main theme, but replaced the composition's bridge and ending with new melodic material. This arrangement is documented on a February 1950 broadcast recording in New York City featuring Stan Getz, J.J. Johnson, and Art Blakey. Davis recorded this same arrangement in October 1951 for his first LP, The New Sounds (Prestige Records, 1951). Davis also did a complete rewrite of 'Conception' in 1950 (creating an entire new main theme) for his Birth of the Cool nonet, giving the composition the title 'Deception'. 'Deception', recorded in March 1950, retained the rewritten bridge melody from Davis' 1950 'Conception' arrangement, as well as Shearing's original chord progression. Davis's 1954 Blue Note recording "Take Off" also uses the "Conception" chord progression, including Davis' own additions to the form (the pedal point introduction, which reappears as an added six measures to the end of the form), but "Take Off" does not include any of Shearing's original melody, and is credited to Davis.
Shearing's original composition was later recorded Bud Powell and Kurt Rosenwinkel. Miles Davis' 'Conception' arrangement was frequently played and recorded by Chet Baker.
Authorship
Bud Powell biographer Peter Pullman has written that bassist Al McKibbon, clarinetist Buddy DeFranco, composer and saxophonist Gil Melle, and pianist Claude Williamson, all of whom were professional modern jazz musicians in New York City in the early 1950s, have stated in interviews that pianist Bud Powell composed some or all of 'Conception', and that Shearing heard and adapted Powell's work. John Coltrane biographer and jazz pianist Lewis Porter disagrees, and has argued that 'Conception' is likely the work of Shearing. Porter notes that Shearing's later commercial success and turn from bebop to "middle of the road" instrumental music could have influenced the memories and opinions of the musicians that Pullman cites for evidence. Porter also notes that Shearing moved to New York City in 1947 and immediately immersed himself in the bebop community, writing a handful of bebop pieces prior to 'Conception' that are stylistically similar. These pieces include "Delayed Action", "Bop's Your Uncle", and "Trixie", and their authorship has not been challenged.
While Miles Davis immediately adopted 'Conception' into his repertoire upon its initial publication, no record exists of Powell playing the composition, or any of its motifs, until 1953. Unlike Davis, Powell played the original published bridge melody of the composition on his live 1953 live recording and his 1955 studio recording for Norgran Records, though this neither proves nor disproves Shearing's authorship.
See also
List of jazz standards
References
1950s jazz standards
1950 songs
Md Rafiqul Islam is a retired Bangladesh Army major general and former Director General of Border Guards Bangladesh.
Career
Islam joined the Signals Corps of the Bangladesh Army on 30 November 1976. He served in the Military Operation Directorate as its GSO. He was the assistant private secretary to the Chief of Army Staff. From 1993 to 1994 he served as the deputy regional commander of the United Nations Operation in Mozambique. He was the commandant of the Signal Training School and College and served as the commandant of two signal battalions. He also served as the staff colonel of an infantry division.
Islam served as the Director of Signals in the Bangladesh Army Headquarters. He served in the Prime Minister's Office and the Armed Forces Division as the director of operations. He was appointed Director General of Border Guards Bangladesh on 11 May 2011. He presided over the special court no-3 of Border Guards Bangladesh that tried mutineers of the Bangladesh Rifles Mutiny of 2009. He also presided over special court no-7 of the BDR trial. He left the Bangladesh Border Guards on 1 July 2011 and was replaced by Major General Anwar Hussain. On 14 July 2011, he went on leave prior to his retirement.
References
Living people
Bangladesh Army generals
Director Generals of Border Guards Bangladesh
Year of birth missing (living people)
Golden Door may refer to:
America's Golden Door, a nickname for Jersey City
Ellis Island, the "golden door" through which many immigrants to the USA have passed
Golden Door Film Festival
The New Colossus, a poem which ends with the phrase
Nuovomondo, a 2006 film known in English as "Golden Door"
Elmley Castle is a village and civil parish in Worcestershire, in England, United Kingdom. It is located on the north side of Bredon Hill 3 miles south east of Pershore in the local government district of Wychavon.
Amenities and history
It had a population of 497 in 2001, and retains public amenities such as a bus route, public house, post office, primary school, local shop selling local produce, and church.
The remaining public house is now called "The Queen Elizabeth Inn", after Queen Elizabeth I, who is supposed to have stopped there. According to local legend, Elizabeth I was presented with a hat on her arrival in the village on the road from the nearby town of Pershore. The slope upwards out of the village at that point is still known as 'Besscaps'.
The remains of a stone cross are still present in the centre of the village. Its age is unknown, and a significant portion remains underground.
The church of St. Mary dates from the end of the 11th century, the chancel shows herringbone pattern stonework in the external walls, the font has a 15th-century octagonal bowl on a 13th-century square base decorated with stonecarved serpents and dragons and the church was much added to in succeeding centuries. It contains grand monuments to Thomas, 1st Earl of Coventry and 17th century effigies of members of the Savage family. The decline in local Christian worshippers has led to a reduced service schedule at the church.
Castle
The ruins of an important Norman and medieval castle, from which the village derives its name, are located in the deer park, just over half a mile south on Bredon Hill. The castle is supposed to have been built by Robert d'Abitot le Despenser in the years following the Norman Conquest. After his death (post 1098) it descended to his brother, Urse the sheriff, and on his death c. 1108, it then fell to his son and heir, Roger d'Abitot, who was unfortunately banished c. 1114, and it was then bestowed upon his sister Emmeline d'Abitots' husband, Walter Beauchamp. It remained in the powerful Beauchamp family as their chief seat until William de Beauchamp inherited the earldom and castle of Warwick from his maternal uncle, William Maudit, 8th Earl of Warwick, in 1268. Thereafter, Elmley Castle remained a secondary property of the Earls of Warwick until it was surrendered to the Crown in 1487. In 1528 the castle seems to have been still habitable, for Walter Walshe was then appointed constable and keeper, and ten years later Urian Brereton succeeded to the office. In 1544, however, prior to the grant to Christopher Savage (d.1545), who had been an Esquire of the Body of King Henry VIII, a survey was made of the manor and castle of Elmley, and it was found that the castle, strongly situated upon a hill surrounded by a ditch and wall, was completely uncovered and in decay.
An Elizabethan stone mansion succeeded the castle, on flatter ground, built for William Savage of Elmley Castle (1554-1616). Queen Elizabeth stayed on 20 August 1575 after visiting Worcester. This building was entirely remodelled in 1702.
Notes
References
Page, W. ed. (1913). Victoria County History: A History of the County of Worcester, Vol. III, pp. 338–46.
Leland, John (Hearne, T. ed.). (1745). The Itinerary of John Leland the Antiquary.
External links
Parish Website
Village Hall Website
Victoria County History text online
2001 census results
Old photos circa 1955
Village Community Website
Villages in Worcestershire
Moptop was a Brazilian alternative rock band from Rio de Janeiro, popular throughout the mid- to late 2000s. Initially known as DeLux, they were formed in 2003 and comprised vocalist/lead guitarist Gabriel Marques, second guitarist Rodrigo Curi, bassist Daniel Campos and drummer Mário Mamede. Strongly influenced by acts such as The Strokes (to whom they were frequently compared), The Beatles, Franz Ferdinand, Ramones and Los Hermanos, they began playing in small venues with songs in English; by the time of the release of their first demo, Moonrock, in 2005, they changed their name to "Moptop" in a reference to the famous hairstyle worn by The Beatles in the 1960s.
In 2006 they signed to Universal Music Group for the release of their debut full-length album, the self-titled Moptop, which spawned the hit singles "O Rock Acabou" and "Sempre Igual", included in the soundtrack of the 14th season of the long-running soap opera Malhação. The album's success led them to open shows by bands such as Oasis, Interpol, The Magic Numbers and The Bravery throughout the year. In 2007 they took part in a show organized by MTV Brasil alongside NX Zero, Fresno, Hateen and Forfun; a live album of the performance would be released soon after. The same year, they were nominated for the MTV Video Music Brazil award, in the "Best New Act" category (after winning it two years prior in the "Best Website" category), and also for a Multishow Brazilian Music Award in the "Revelation Artist" category.
2008 saw the release of the band's second and ultimately final album, Como se Comportar; produced by British producer Paul Ralphes, who previously worked with Sandy & Junior, Gabriel Marques described its sonority as "heavily influenced by the soundtracks of Ennio Morricone and films by Quentin Tarantino". In 2011 Marques announced that he would be putting the band on hold for an indeterminate amount of time, and in 2013 he eventually confirmed that Moptop officially ceased their activities. Drummer Mário Mamede would later form the group Herzegovina in 2017, alongside former members of Planet Hemp and Polara.
Discography
Demo albums
(2005) Moonrock
Studio albums
(2006) Moptop
(2008) Como se Comportar
References
External links
Official website
Moptop on Myspace
Musical groups established in 2003
Musical groups disestablished in 2013
2003 establishments in Brazil
2013 disestablishments in Brazil
Musical groups from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Brazilian alternative rock groups
Brazilian pop rock music groups
Brazilian indie rock groups
Pop punk groups
Musical quartets
Leonard Digges (; 1588 – 7 April 1635) was a Hispanist and minor poet, a younger son of the astronomer Thomas Digges (1545–95) and younger brother of Sir Dudley Digges (1583–1639). After his father's death in 1595, his mother married Thomas Russell of Alderminster, now in Warwickshire, who was named by William Shakespeare as one of the two overseers of his will. There are varying opinions about the extent to which the young Leonard Digges might have been influenced in his choice of profession by his stepfather's association with Shakespeare; disagreements about whether he was or was not personally acquainted with the playwright have in recent years eclipsed discussion of the work of Digges himself.
Life
Leonard Digges matriculated at University College, Oxford in 1603, the year of his mother's remarriage, and graduated from BA in 1606. This was followed by a period of study abroad. He may have traveled to Spain with fellow Hispanist James Mabbe, whom he knew from Oxford, for he wrote a note on the flyleaf of a book which Mabbe sent from Madrid to Will Baker, also a friend from Oxford days. The book was a copy of Rimas by Lope de Vega (published in 1613); it still survives, in the library of Balliol College. Digges's inscription reads:
Will Baker: Knowinge
that Mr Mab: was to
sende you this Booke
of sonets, wch with Spaniards
here is accounted of their
lope de Vega as in Englande
wee sholde of or: Will
Shakespeare. I colde not
but insert thus much to
you, that if you like
him not, you muste neuer
neuer reade Spanishe Poet
Leo:Digges
Anthony à Wood said of Leonard Digges that he "was esteemed by those who knew him in Univ.coll. a great master of the English language, a perfect understander of the French and Spanish, a good poet, and no mean orator". Wood says also that "upon his supplication made to the venerable convocation" of University College Oxford, Digges was made M.A. in 1626, "in consideration that he had spent many years in good letters in transmarine universities". He lived in the College from then until his death in 1635, and was buried in the College chapel (no longer standing).
Works
Digges translated Claudian's The Rape of Proserpine (printed 1617). His translation of Varia fortuna de soldado Píndaro, by Gonzalo de Céspedes y Meneses, was published in 1622 as Gerardo, the Unfortunate Spaniard, and was used by John Fletcher as a source for his plays The Spanish Curate and The Maid in the Mill.
Digges's publisher was Edward Blount, a close friend of Mabbe's and one of the syndicate which published Shakespeare's First Folio in 1623. Digges and Mabbe both contributed prefatory poems to the Folio, as did Ben Jonson – also published by Blount. The previous year, Digges and Jonson had both contributed commendatory verses to a work translated by Mabbe and published by Blount. Commendatory verses by Digges were also included in an edition of Shakespeare's Poems, published by John Benson in 1640, five years after Digges had died. Freehafer suggests that since these verses refer to Shakespeare's plays rather than to his poems, they may have been intended for the Second Folio.
References
External links
First Folio Digital Resource - Leeds University Library
1588 births
1635 deaths
17th-century English poets
17th-century male writers
People associated with Shakespeare
Spanish–English translators
British Hispanists
English male dramatists and playwrights
English male poets
Matt Dillon is an American chef and restaurateur in Seattle, Washington.
Dillon was raised in Seattle, graduating from O'Dea High School and attending culinary school at Seattle Central Community College. He worked at Salish Lodge and The Herbfarm before opening his own restaurant in 2006, Sitka & Spruce.
Although the restaurant only had twenty seats and was located in a strip mall in Eastlake, Seattle, Sitka & Spruce quickly gained notoriety for Dillon's seasonal menu. Dillon was named a “Best New Chef” by Food & Wine in 2007.
In 2008, he opened a second restaurant, the Corson Building in Georgetown, Seattle, serving a tasting menu for over $100 per person. In late 2009, Dillon moved Sitka & Spruce to the new Melrose Market in Capitol Hill (Seattle), opening Bar Ferd'nand, an adjacent wine bar and shop. In 2010, he bought 20 acres of land on Vashon Island, which he developed into a farm supplying fruits, vegetables, chicken and pigs to his restaurants.
In 2012, he began selling round country loaves at the Melrose Market, baked in the Corson Building's wood-fired oven, which gained a reputation for being the best bread in the city.
At the 2012 James Beard Foundation Awards, Dillon won the title of Best Chef, Northwest.
In 2013, Dillon opened Bar Sajor in Pioneer Square, Seattle, part of a revitalization of that neighborhood. A year later, he opened London Plane across the street, and in 2016, Bar Sajor was reopened as Copal.
Dillon opened Bar Ferdinand in Capitol Hill in 2016, seeking to use as many ingredients as possible from his Vashon Island farm. Over time, Dillon has focused more of his time on farming, giving over control (and ownership) of several of his restaurants to his chefs.
References
American chefs
American male chefs
Living people
Chefs from Seattle
James Beard Foundation Award winners
1973 births
The 1951 Challenge Desgrange-Colombo was the fourth edition of the Challenge Desgrange-Colombo. It included eleven races: all the races form the 1950 edition were retained with the addition of Liège–Bastogne–Liège. Paris–Tours moved from a spring slot to an autumn slot. Louison Bobet won the competition by a single point to 1950 champion Ferdinand Kübler. France won their first nations championship.
Races
Final standings
Riders
Nations
References
Challenge Desgrange-Colombo
Challenge Desgrange-Colombo
Four ships of the United States Navy have been named USS George Washington in honor of George Washington.
, was purchased on 12 October 1798 and served for less than four years. She was sold in May 1802.
, was a German ocean liner, launched in 1908. She was taken over and converted into transport by the US Navy during World War I. She was sold for scrap in 1951.
, the lead ship of her class, was the first American ballistic missile submarine. She was commissioned 30 December 1959 and decommissioned 24 January 1985.
, is the sixth . She was commissioned on 4 July 1992 and is currently in active service.
See also
United States Navy ship names
Jan Hijko van Heteren (December 20, 1916 in Batavia, Dutch East Indies – June 30, 1992 in Breda) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was part of the Dutch team which finished fifth in the 1936 tournament. He played three matches.
References
1916 births
1992 deaths
Dutch male water polo players
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic water polo players of the Netherlands
People from Batavia, Dutch East Indies
Dutch people of the Dutch East Indies
Mavrodin is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Mavrodin. It also included two other villages until 2003, when they were split off to form Nenciulești Commune.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Hajjiabad (, also romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is an Iranian village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province. At the 2006 census, its population was 194, in 53 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The 1934 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the sixth staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Kerry entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were beaten by Tipperary in the Munster semi-final.
Tipperary, who defeated Mayo in the All-Ireland semi-final on 9 September 1934, were declared the champions as the other semi-finalists,
Dublin and Tyrone, were disqualified. This was their first All-Ireland title.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
Tipperary awarded.
References
1934
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
"Original Cast Album: Co-Op" is the third episode of the third season of the American mockumentary television series Documentary Now!, created by Fred Armisen, Bill Hader, Seth Meyers, and Rhys Thomas. The show is hosted by Dame Helen Mirren and the series spoofs celebrated documentary films by parodying the style of each documentary with a similar, but fictitious, subject. The third season premiered on February 20, 2019. The episode premiered on IFC.
This episode is based on the 1970 D.A. Pennebaker film Original Cast Album: Company which observes the recording session to create the original cast album for the Stephen Sondheim musical Company. The mockumentary episode revolves around the marathon studio recording session for the original cast album of the ill-fated 1970 Broadway musical Co-op, with songs detailing the joys and pains of a New York City housing cooperative. The episode was written by John Mulaney and features six original songs with music and lyrics by Eli Bolin, John Mulaney and Seth Meyers. The cast includes theatre actors Richard Kind, Renée Elise Goldsberry, and Alex Brightman as well as comedians Mulaney, Taran Killam and Paula Pell.
The episode received widespread critical acclaim and a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics for "Holiday Party (I Did a Little Cocaine Tonight)". The season itself received three other Primetime Emmy Award nominations including, Outstanding Variety Sketch Series, Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series.
Plot
In 1970, the cast of Co-Op, a musical detailing the joys and pains of a New York City housing cooperative, gathers in a studio to record the show's original cast album. After the cast records the opening number, the show's composer Simon Sawyer and producer Howard Pine break the news that the show is closing following bad reviews and that the cast recording will be the last time the cast performs the show.
An actor named Larry records his doorman character's patter song but is unable to control his breath, as reviewers had noted. Sawyer attempts to alter actress Dee Dee's pronunciation of the word "ruined" to "rooned". Dee Dee records a duet with Kenny about doing cocaine at a holiday party, as well as an "I want" song detailing a tennis pro's application to the building's board.
The final solo to be recorded is Patty's 11 o'clock number "I Gotta Go." Patty is annoyed because her request to sing at the beginning of the session so she could attend an eye doctor appointment was ignored. Now exhausted and under the effects of the medicine she was instructed to take, she makes repeated flubs. After 27 takes and several hours, Patty storms out, returning the following morning to complete the recording.
The full company assembles to sing the show's closing number, in which the entire cast gets stuck in an elevator after a juvenile delinquent presses all the buttons.
Cast
Alex Brightman as Kenny
Renée Elise Goldsberry as Dee Dee
Taran Killam as Benedict Juniper
Richard Kind as Larry
Paula Pell as Patty
John Mulaney as Simon Sawyer
James Urbaniak as Howard Pine
Production
Development
Director Alexander Buono stated the whole idea for the episode was John Mulaney's stating, "This pure, distilled form of Mulaney.", adding he wrote most of the material and brought in Seth Meyers to help write some of the songs. The director also stated that the Pennebakers had their complete support on this project often communicating with them via email. In an interview with Vulture, Mulaney stated the basis for the show was behind his experience with his Broadway show Oh, Hello with Nick Kroll. “I was like, ‘What is '70s New York to me? I had spent a decade living in the 1970s New York doing Oh, Hello, so I thought, Oh, a co-op.” The documentary is a musical based on vignettes within a fictional cooperative apartment building in New York City during the 1970s. The title of the musical is Co-op, but the reviewers keep calling it “coop” — a running gag that was cut from the episode for time, but which Mulaney wanted to explain by noting that the theater-owning Shubert Organization did not have the money to pay for a hyphen for the sign.
Writing
Mulaney and Meyers, along with composer Eli Bolin, came up with lyrics using the melody and meter of other songs, mostly using Stephen Sondheim tunes as a basis. This wasn't always the case however. For instance, the first song in the musical, “Co-op,” pulled from Alan Menken and Howard Ashman's “Skid Row,” the opening to Little Shop of Horrors. Other inspirations were more obscure. “I Gotta Go,” the showcase number of Paula Pell's Elaine Stritch–esque character, which references Company's “Ladies Who Lunch,” also pulls from Craig Carnelia's “Just a Housewife” from the 1974 musical Working. Co-op's finale, “Going Up,” grew out of the unlikely combination of the rhythms of Sweeney Todd's “A Little Priest” for the verse, and “Something Just Broke” from Assassins for the chorus. The song entitled, “Holiday Party (I Did a Little Cocaine Tonight),” written by Meyers, directly recalls the breakneck pace of Company's “Getting Married Today,” subbing in a story about doing too much cocaine at a holiday party for a woman's wedding-day jitters. In the Vulture article Bolin stressed, however, that his work differs from Sondheim's simply because it's not as complex as that of the musical-theater master. “A couple people listened to it while we were working on it and were like, ‘Is this legal?'” Bolin said. “We were able to explain how Sondheim's Getting Married Today is actually a lot more complicated, and my version is actually a lot more simple and less dissonant.”
Casting
Mulaney and James Urbaniak portray Simon Sawyer and Howard Pine, fictional characters based on Stephen Sondheim, and Hal Prince. The episode also features a variety of actors known either for their work in musical theatre and comedy. Richard Kind who appeared in Sondheim's failed musical Road Show appears here as an actor with difficulty with his lines. Paula Pell portrays a character similar to Elaine Stritch from the Original Cast Album: Company documentary. Also cast were Hamilton's Renée Elise Goldsberry and School of Rock's Alex Brightman. Comedian Taran Killam also appears as a recording technician.
Music
Tracklisting
Discography
Documentary Now! Presents: Original Cast Album: Co-op (Lakeshore Records, 2019)
Release
Viewers
The episode aired on February 27, 2019 on IFC and earned a 0.103 Nielsen rating with 103,000 viewers.
Home media
Documentary Now! season three is available for streaming on Netflix and Amazon Prime Video. Season three is not currently available for physical release. The episode is a part of the Criterion Collection's DVD and Blu-ray edition of Original Cast Album: Company (1970) which was released on August 17, 2021.
Reception
Critical reception
Season three itself received a 100% from Rotten Tomatoes based on the 23 reviews from critics. The consensus reads, "Incisively critical of the genre and equally delighted by its subjects, Documentary Now! nails mockumentary under the deft direction of Rhys Thomas and Alex Buono."
The episode received widespread critical acclaim for its wit and pure invention. Esquire magazine raved writing, "Original Cast Recording: Co-op" may be the best episode of the faux-documentary TV series yet". NPR praised the episode for its attention to detail, "There's also fine attention to detail, period and otherwise: the haircuts, the clothes, it's all very '70s. And the intense way that theatrical performers look when they're cutting a record — enunciating perfectly while staring wide-eyed, conducting with one hand, or putting a finger to an ear — is familiar to anyone who's ever seen a recording session documented."
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2019 American television episodes
FC Edmonton is a Canadian professional soccer club based in Edmonton, Alberta. The club has competed in the Canadian Premier League since the league's inaugural season in 2019. The club previously competed in the North American Soccer League (NASL) from 2011 to 2017, then went on hiatus when NASL ceased competitive operations before the cancelled 2018 season. From 2012 onward, FC Edmonton's home field has been Clarke Stadium.
History
Formative years
In February 2010, FC Edmonton was launched by brothers Tom Fath and Dave Fath as founding members of the North American Soccer League. The club spent the first year playing exhibition matches against teams including Colo Colo, the Spokane Spiders and Vitória, with a squad mostly represented by Albertan college students and amateur players. The team also played an honorary match against the Canadian Armed Forces on Canada Day in July.
In December 2010, head coach Dwight Lodeweges and his assistant Hans Schrijver left the club before competing in a professional game to take a job in Japan. He was replaced by fellow Dutchman Harry Sinkgraven shortly after.
In January 2012, FC Edmonton started a male youth academy, and in September 2013 launched a female youth academy in partnership with the Alberta Soccer Association.
North American Soccer League (2011–2017)
On April 9, 2011, the team played its first competitive game and recorded a 2–1 victory against Fort Lauderdale Strikers. Alberta-native Shaun Saiko scored the first goal in the club's history. Edmonton finished their inaugural season in fifth out of eight teams and qualified for the 2011 NASL Playoffs quarterfinals, but were knocked out in a 5–0 defeat against the Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
Schrijver returned to the club as assistant head coach for the 2012 season, but just five wins from 28 games finished the club at the bottom of the table. In September 2012, both Sinkgraven and Schrijver were released due to the bad results. On November 27, Colin Miller was named as the club's new head coach.
The club saw slight improvement during Miller's first year in charge, finishing fifth in the spring season before slipping to seventh in the fall season. However, the 2014 season saw considerable improvement for the club. After struggling at ninth in the spring season, Edmonton recorded their best ever league finish at third place during the fall season.
The 2015 season brought a similar scenario for the club. After a 10th-place finish in the spring season, the Eddies bounced back to finish fifth in the fall season, missing a playoff position by just four points. Edmonton improved further for the 2016 season, finishing third in both the spring and fall seasons. The club missed out on topping the spring season table by a single point after both Indy Eleven and the New York Cosmos recorded 18 points.
FC Edmonton returned to its former ways during the 2017 season and struggled to seventh-placed finishes in both the spring and fall seasons. On November 24, 2017, the club ceased professional operations citing the sustainability of the team and "continuous uncertainty being forced upon the NASL by the United States Soccer Federation". FC Edmonton continued to run their academies in hope of re-establishing the professional team at a later date.
Canadian Premier League (2018–present)
On June 5, 2018, it was announced that the newly formed Canadian Premier League had approved the city of Edmonton for a professional club to compete in the league. Three days later, FC Edmonton announced their return to professional soccer. As well as confirming their place in the league for the 2019 season, the club revealed a new crest and branding. On July 3, the club named former assistant coach and academy technical director Jeff Paulus as the new head coach. The club finished fourth out of seven teams in the inaugural CPL season.
Following a last-place finish in the 2020 season, Jeff Paulus resigned as head coach and general manager. On November 2, 2020, Eric Newendorp was named club president and general manager.
FC Edmonton struggled again on the pitch in 2021 with new head coach Alan Koch, finishing in seventh place and consistently drawing crowds of fewer than 1,000 people. On December 31, 2021, the league announced that it had taken over operations of the club from the Fath's, with an aim to find a new ownership group.
On February 8, 2022, it was announced that Eric Newendorp had left the club and was replaced by former Edmonton Oilers executive Jeff Harrop.
Stadium
Foote Field; Edmonton, Alberta (2011)
Commonwealth Stadium, Edmonton, Alberta (2011–2013) three games (one per season) in Canadian Championship
SMS Equipment Stadium, Fort McMurray, Alberta (2015) two games.
Clarke Stadium; Edmonton, Alberta (2012–2017, 2019–present)
The team began playing its home games at Foote Field, a 3,500-seater stadium viewed as the centrepiece of a multi-purpose sports facility on the University of Alberta campus. Initially built as a legacy facility for the 2001 World Championships, it was named after University of Alberta alumnus Eldon Foote, who donated $2 million towards the construction costs.
In 2012, the team moved into Clarke Stadium, the former home of the Edmonton Drillers, the Edmonton Brick Men, and the Edmonton Aviators. The club soon expanded the capacity from 1,200 to over 5,000 with temporary seat-back and bleacher seating, and tried to find a permanent solution to bring the capacity up to 15,000.
Between 2011 and 2013, FC Edmonton played three games at Commonwealth Stadium, a much larger stadium with a capacity of 60,081. Two games were also played at SMS Equipment Stadium in 2015 as an opportunity to increase the club's exposure in Fort McMurray.
To meet the demands of the Canadian Premier League, FC Edmonton asked the City of Edmonton to help increase the capacity at Clarke Field to 7,000. The club cited that "the decision to join will bring in more fans as rivalries between national teams will be much stronger than the club experienced when it was in the North American Soccer League". In June 2018, FC Edmonton announced they would play at Clarke Stadium for the 2019 season, with seating capacity increased to 5,100.
Crest and colours
The club's original shield was quartered black and blue, fimbriated silver, and bordured white and silver, with a black and white soccer ball in the centre. A partial, stylized red maple leaf in the crest position, and a blue ribbon, bearing the club's name, was placed overall. The club adopted the shade of blue used by City of Edmonton, and the shape of the shield mirrored the municipal coat of arms.
The club relaunched with a new logo to compete in the Canadian Premier League. The shape of shield is unchanged, but the look is completely different. The field is dark blue, with a bend sinister in chief. The main charge is a stylized FCE, that includes representation of the North Saskatchewan River, and the letters double for the club's name and main beliefs, family, courage and energy. The FCE is ensigned by the words FC Edmonton, and 2010 for the year the club was founded, with a single rabbit's footprint in the base between the 20 and 10.
The official club colours are blue, navy and white (branded by the club as "prairie blue sky," "River City navy," and "white rabbit.") These colours symbolize the sky of the Canadian Prairies, the North Saskatchewan River and the Rally Rabbit.
Club culture
Supporters
The FC Edmonton Supporters Group was formed in early 2010 by five members of The Voyageurs, a Canadian national team supporters group, in response to the announcement that an Edmonton team would compete in the North American Soccer League in 2011. The group aimed to bring a 'European-style' atmosphere to games in a similar manner to the Red Patch Boys in Toronto and the Vancouver Southsiders. The group folded in September 2018, with the creation of the River Valley Vanguard.
In December 2017, YEG for CPL was created as a group of passionate supporters hoping to persuade the club to join the Canadian Premier League. The group were recognized by owners Tom Fath and Dave Fath, and general manager Jay Ball, as part of the reason the club returned to professional soccer. At his official unveiling as head coach, Jeff Paulus praised the group saying "I'm grateful to the YEG for CPL members and all those who fought to save this club".
In September 2018, after the success of the YEG for CPL campaign, the River Valley Vanguard was created. The new supporters group is headquartered at 1st Round in Downtown Edmonton.
Mascot
The Rally Rabbit has been an important part of the club's culture since its inception in 2011. On June 26, the club faced the Montreal Impact at Foote Field before they left the North American Soccer League for Major League Soccer. Kyle Porter opened the scoring in the fifth minute but FC Edmonton looked likely to tire under the pressure of the Impact. In the later stages of the game, a rabbit made its way onto the pitch and sat in front of the Montreal goal. Home supporters cheered for the rabbit and the Edmonton players did not seem bothered, but the visiting team could not stop trying to chase the rabbit off the field. The team failed to regain their focus and FC Edmonton saw out the victory. The rabbit has since made several unscripted appearances and is always welcomed by cheers from the crowd, seen by supporters as a measure of good luck. The Rally Rabbit has also been known as Eddie Bunny or Eddie Jackalope.
Rivalries
During their time in the North American Soccer League, FC Edmonton's main rivalry was with Ottawa Fury, the only other Canadian team competing in the league when they joined in 2014. The meetings between the two sides were named "The Battle of Canada" and occurred in both the league and the Canadian Championship. The two teams met every year in the preliminary round over two legs, with the first ever meeting ending in a goalless draw on April 23, 2014. A week later, FC Edmonton won 3–1 in the home leg with two goals from Daryl Fordyce and one from Hanson Boakai. The first league derby between the two teams took place on May 31, with Ottawa Fury emerging as 1–0 victors after scoring a 90th-minute goal. The second meeting on July 13 saw a goalless draw as Ottawa Fury played with ten men for over 30 minutes, before FC Edmonton recorded their first league victory against the Fury with a 2–0 win on October 18.
In 2011, a friendly rivalry was also formed over the course of the season between FC Edmonton and the NSC Minnesota Stars. In the aftermath of the 2011 Slave Lake wildfire in Alberta, a Minnesota supporters group raised money for affected families. This was reciprocated by an Edmonton supporters group who donated to the American Red Cross after a series of tornadoes which affected Minnesota. These events formed the rivalry between the teams, and the supporters groups created the Flyover Cup. The name was chosen because Edmonton and Minnesota lie in the flight paths of transcontinental flights, but are often passed over by tourists. The symbol of the cup is a loon, being an unofficial national bird of Canada and also the state bird of Minnesota.
In 2018, the FC Edmonton Academy played provincial rivals the Calgary Foothills FC in two friendly games to help them prepare for their upcoming season. The fixtures were also used to gauge Edmonton's interest into a potential return to join the Canadian Premier League. The series was suggested by supporters groups from the two clubs and dubbed "Al Classico", inspired by the El Clásico rivalry between Real Madrid and Barcelona. The rivalry continued between FC Edmonton and Cavalry FC when the Canadian Premier League began in April 2019.
Players and staff
Roster
Where a player has not declared an international allegiance, nation is determined by place of birth.
Staff
Head coaches
Captains
Broadcasting
When the club competed in the North American Soccer League, FC Edmonton matches were broadcast by a variety of distributors on various formats. Radio commentaries were broadcast on The Team 1260, the local sports radio station, from 2011 to 2013. In 2013, matches were televised on Sportsnet 360. Matches were also previously available to view free through the team's Ustream channel until the introduction of NASL Live, a paid-subscription service, which was subsequently abandoned.
In 2016 and 2017, Canadian viewers could stream matches for free at NASL.com while American viewers required subscriptions to various broadcasters including ESPN3, beIN Sports and the CBS Sports Network.
Under the Canadian Premier League's media rights, all matches are streamed on the subscription service OneSoccer.
Seasons
1. Average attendance include statistics from league matches only.
2. Top goalscorer(s) includes all goals scored in league, league playoffs, Canadian Championship, CONCACAF League, and other competitive continental matches.
Top goalscorers
Bold indicates active player
Most appearances
Bold indicates active player,
Single season club records
Individual awards
NASL Best XI
NASL Player of the Month
NASL Young Player of the Year
NASL Golden Glove
Supporter Awards
Notes
References
External links
Canadian Premier League teams
North American Soccer League teams
Association football clubs established in 2010
Soccer clubs in Edmonton
2010 establishments in Alberta
AutoMan is a series of software implementations used both for job scheduling and console operations automation for z/OS. These implementations range from simple scheduling to complex cross systems, monitoring and scheduling.
Design philosophy
The idea behind AutoMan is that a user should have minimum automation software at any given time. This software may be flexible enough to be upgraded according to the needs of the user. AutoMan implements the high level programming language, so that users can make automated decisions at any step of the process. The GAL implementation in AutoMan allows the user to insert high-level language-interpreted code into exit points in the operating systems process.
As an example, AutoMan enables one to name a day or date, and schedule a task in relation to the date given. E.g. if a task is needed "at 9 A.M. on the day after Independence Day", Automan would, in America, define this as the day following American Independence Day, the 5th of July, and schedule the event for that day. However, if the following day would fall on a weekend, Automan would adjust the scheduling of the task to fall on the next work day).
While there are a number of other software products that provide either job scheduling or event automation services, Automan is distinguished by three services that are not provided by any other software. These are as follows:
the ability to "go back in time," before the program was started and make decisions based on previous events.
creation of new commands, and re-interpretation and modification of existing commands.
real time monitoring and scanning of printed output. This last—while very useful in monitoring and reacting to log files, particularly for z/OS web services—is arguably a very dangerous capability.
Because only one language is handling all events and schedules, text being output to a device can be altered after it has been written by an application but before it is printed. Although this function is most often used to send email or pager alerts when certain text is detected in the logging files, there is a danger that unscrupulous or dishonest users could use it to alter the content of reports or documents after they have been created but prior to output.
See also
Generalized Automation Language
References
External links
Job scheduling
Franchise Football League: Fantasy Football is a 1991 software published by Space Tech Enterprises.
Gameplay
Franchise Football League: Fantasy Football is a database program intended for running a fantasy football league.
Reception
Wyatt Lee and J.D. Lambright reviewed the program for Computer Gaming World, and stated that
Reviews
VideoGames & Computer Entertainment
References
1991 video games
The Pontifical Commission for Latin America is a department of the Roman Curia that since 1958 has been charged with providing assistance to and examining matters pertaining to the Catholic Church in Latin America. The Commission operates under the auspices of the Dicastery for Bishops (formerly the Congregation for Bishops and before that the Sacred Consistorial Congregation) and for most of its history the prefect of that body has been president of the Commission.
Cardinal Marc Ouellet has been president of the Commission since 2010. There are two secretaries, both laypersons: Rodrigo Guerra López and Emilce Cuda, appointed in July 2021 and February 2022, respectively. When appointed, Guerra was the only layperson with the rank of secretary in the Curia; the only layman with a higher rank was Paolo Ruffini, prefect of the Dicastery for Communications. Cuda became one of the few women in senior positions in the Curia.
History and role
Pope Pius XII established the Commission as an independent body within the Roman Curia on 19 April 1958. The initial impulse was to create a mechanism for the Church in Canada, the United States, and Europe to address the critical shortage of priests in Latin America. Pope Paul VI marked the Commission's fifth anniversary with a letter to the Commission's president Cardinal Carlo Confalonieri on 9 July 1963, an exhortation counseling continued collaboration that also expressed his concern about priests engaged in social action. Pope Paul made the Commission part of the Congregation for Bishops on 30 November 1963. Pope Paul also created under the Commission a General Council of the Pontifical Commission for Latin America, composed of prelates representing the Episcopal Conference of Latin America (CELAM) and several European countries. This body was to name the Commission's president and represented an attempt by Rome to assert control over CELAM, especially its second general conference in 1968 in Medellín. In the words of one historian, the Commission was "a counterweight to CELAM, curtailing its possibilities.
Pope John Paul II reorganized it on 18 June 1988. He specified the Commission members, all papal appointees, to be the secretaries of the Curial departments especially interested along with two bishops representing CELAM and three diocesan prelates from Latin America, and detailed a larger group to meet annually to consider more important questions. His apostolic constitution Pastor Bonus promulgated on 28 June 1988 said that "The function of the Pontifical Commission for Latin America is to be available to the particular Churches in Latin America, by counsel and by action, taking a keen interest in the questions that affect the life and progress of those Churches; and especially to help the Churches themselves in the solution of those questions, or to be helpful to those dicasteries of the Curia that are involved by reason of their competence." It did not specify the number of members. It provided for a bishop to serve as vice president.
Since 5 June 2022, according to the apostolic constitution Praedicate evangelium, "Established within the Dicastery [for Bishops] is the Pontifical Commission for Latin America, which is responsible for studying questions regarding the life and growth of those particular Churches as a means of assisting the Dicasteries that deal with them by reason of their competence, and to help those Churches with advice and economic resources." It made no provision for a vice president.
Leadership
President: Cardinal Marc Ouellet
Secretaries: Emilce Cuda, Rodrigo Guerra López
Presidents
The office was not consistently filled by the prefect of the Congregation for Bishops until 1969.
Marcello Mimmi (1958 – 6 March 1961)
Mimmi was both secretary of the Sacred Consistorial Congregation, predecessor of the Dicastery for Bishops, and president of this Commission.
Carlo Confalonieri (14 March 1961 – 15 August 1967)
While president of the Commission, Confalonieri was secretary of the Sacred Consistorial Congregation until 1965, then while pro-prefect of the same body under its new name, the Congregation for Bishops, but ending when he became a cardinal and prefect of that congregation.
Antonio Samoré (25 September 1967 – 1969)
Samoré was a secretary of the Congregation for Extraordinary Ecclesiastical Affairs and vice president of this Commission, the latter with neither predecessor nor successor, when he became president; he was made a cardinal and prefect of the Congregation for the Sacraments while continuing for a time as president of this Commission.
Carlo Confalonieri (1969 – 25 February 1973)
Confalonieri was again president while prefect of the Congregation for Bishops, the same combination of roles filled by all his successors.
Sebastiano Baggio (26 February 1973 – 8 April 1984)
Bernardin Gantin (8 April 1984 – 25 June 1998)
Lucas Moreira Neves, OP (25 June 1998 – 16 September 2000)
Giovanni Battista Re (16 September 2000 - 30 June 2010)
Marc Ouellet (30 June 2010 – present)
Vice presidents
Pope John Paul established the role of vice president in 1988 and specified it be filled by a bishop. When the vice president's position became vacant on 13 May 2011, Guzmán Carriquiry, a layman, was named secretary the next day and the vice president's position remained vacant. On 2 May 2014 Pope Francis appointed Carriquiry "secretary charged with the vice presidency". Carriquiry left the Commission on 29 April 2019. Upon the appointment of a new secretary in July 2021, the vice president's position went unmentioned and the post was not included in Pope Francis' reorganization of the Curia in 2022.
Cipriano Calderón Polo (26 November 1988 – 4 October 2003)
Luis Robles Díaz (4 October 2003 – 7 April 2007)
José Ruiz Arenas (31 May 2007 – 13 May 2011)
See also
Pontifical Commission
Notes
References
Additional sources
External links
(in Spanish)
GCatholic.org
Pontifical commissions
Organizations established in 1958
Breakout Kings is an American crime drama television series that premiered on the A&E Network on March 6, 2011. The series was created by Nick Santora and Matt Olmstead, who previously worked together on Prison Break. It premiered as the most-watched original drama series in A&E's history among adults 25–54 and adults 18–49, delivering 1.6 million adults 25–54 and 1.5 million adults 18–49. The series was picked up for a second season on July 6, 2011. The season finale of the second season aired on April 29, 2012 at 9 p.m. ET/PT featured two hours of back-to-back episodes "Freakshow" and "Served Cold" instead of the usual one-hour episode at 10 p.m. Executive producer and creator Nick Santora once opined, "Our DVR+7 day numbers are really strong. A lot of people are watching the show; a lot of them just don't watch it on the night it premieres."
On May 17, 2012, A&E canceled Breakout Kings after two seasons, with co-creator Matt Olmstead choosing to move on to another series.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2011)
Season 2 (2012)
References
External links
Breakout Kings Episodes at A&E official website
List of Breakout Kings Episodes at TVDB.com
Breakout Kings
Episodes
Lawson Welles (born May 6, 1975 in Lubbock, Texas) is the writer, director, producer and star of the motion picture, Cricket Snapper, released in 2005 by Phoenix Rising Band, Books and Films.
Cricket Snapper is based on the true story of Barbara Asher, who was charged but acquitted of the manslaughter and dismemberment of Michael Lord, a New Hampshire man who allegedly suffered a heart attack while chained in her dungeon. Rather than call the authorities, police said Asher confessed she and her boyfriend chopped up Lord's body in the bathtub and dumped it behind a Maine restaurant, but DNA testing of her bathtub revealed none of Lord's DNA or any evidence of cleaning agents. According to the Quincy Patriot-Ledger story covering the film's Boston premiere on May 6, 2011, the dominatrix's boyfriend, Miguel Ferrer "was charged with being an accessory after the fact, has never been tried" and "fled after being indicted."
In Welles' film, the dominatrix and her husband dump the body, but then are hunted down and murdered themselves out in the dark, snow-covered woods of Massachusetts by a vicious serial killer.
Lawson Welles has acted in Hollywood films such as Boston Girls (2008) starring Danny Trejo and Robert Miano. Stets also wrote and directed WHY WE FOUGHT, composed of interviews with World War II and Korean War veterans from the United States, Canada, Great Britain and Germany.
Cricket Snapper was released on October 10, 2005, the twentieth anniversary of the death of Lawson's hero of the same surname, Orson Welles. Cricket Snapper cinematographer, Jerry Bagdasarian, was a veteran of the D-Day landings and worked on Rod Serling's Twilight Zone series before working on independent films. Lawson Welles was born on the 60th birthday of Orson Welles. Welles got the idea for the title after first meeting Bagdasarian to interview him over his experiences in World War II. Jerry showed Lawson a cricket snapper, a device paratrooper from the 82nd Airborne and 101st Airborne units used to communicate with one another. Cricket Snapper is not the first film to feature this device, as John Wayne explained its usage to his men in the World War II epic, The Longest Day. The soundtrack to Cricket Snapper includes tracks by Bill McElaney, Church of Satan High Priests, Anton LaVey and Peter H. Gilmore.
Filmography
Citizen Toxie: The Toxic Avenger IV (soundtrack music, 2000)
Cricket Snapper - Episode One: Ball and Chain of Evidence (writer/director/producer/Alan McDermott, released on DVD by Film Baby Distributors, 2005)
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20061219095831/http://www.oldnickmagazine.com/lawson_feature.php
https://web.archive.org/web/20070930040739/http://www.zwire.com/site/news.cfm?newsid=13114749&BRD=1713&PAG=461&dept_id=24491&rfi=6
http://pawtuckettimes.com/site/...?brd=1713&dept_id=24491&newsid=13114749
https://web.archive.org/web/20061025164541/http://seacoastonline.com/news/hampton/01272006/news/84993.htm
http://ledger.southofboston.com/articles/2006/01/12/news/news05.txt
https://web.archive.org/web/20110930013141/http://www.heraldnews.com/news/local_news/x541362536/Why-they-fought
http://www.wickedlocal.com/fall-river/news/x415850212/Why-they-fought
1975 births
Living people
American film directors
Leonore Siegele-Wenschkewitz (27 June 1944, Belgard/Pommern – 17 December 1999, Frankfurt am Main) was a German church historian and director of the Evangelische Akademie Arnoldshain. She was co-editor of the journal Kirche und Israel (during 1986–1993) and of the issue Arbeiten zur kirchlichen Zeitgeschichte. She was known for her work on anti-Jewish tendencies in Christian theology.
Life
Research areas
Works
Nationalsozialismus und Kirchen. Religionspolitik von Partei und Staat bis 1935 (Tübinger Schriften zur Sozial- und Zeitgeschichte 5), Düsseldorf 1974 (bearbeitete Fassung der Dissertation: Partei, Staat und Kirchen im Dritten Reich. Materialien zur nationalsozialistischen Religionspolitik bis 1935, Tübingen 1972).
"Wurzeln des Antisemitismus in Luthers theologischem Antijudaismus," in: Heinz Kremers (Hrsg.) in Zusammenarbeit mit Leonore Siegele-Wenschkewitz und Bertold Klappert, Die Juden und Martin Luther – Martin Luther und die Juden. Geschichte, Wirkungsgeschichte, Herausforderung, Neukirchen-Vluyn 1985, 21987, 351–367.
"Das Verhältnis von protestantischer Theologie und Wissenschaft des Judentums während der Weimarer Republik," in: Walter Grab, Julius H. Schoeps (Hg.), Juden in der Weimarer Republik (Studien zur Geistesgeschichte 6), Stuttgart und Bonn 1986, 153–178; in English under the title: "The Relationship between Protestant Theology and Jewish Studies during the Weimar Republic," in: Otto Dov Kulka, Paul R. Mendes-Flohr (Hg.), Judaism and Christianity under the Impact of National Socialism, Jerusalem 1987, 133–150.
Verdrängte Vergangenheit, die uns bedrängt. Feministische Theologie in der Verantwortung für die Geschichte, München 1988 (mit Aufsätzen von Jutta Flatters, Dieter Georgi, Eveline Goodman-Thau, Susannah Heschel, Katharina von Kellenbach, Luise Schottroff, Bernd und Marie-Theres Wacker; von Leonore Siegele Wenschkewitz darin der eröffnende Beitrag: Feministische Theologie ohne Antijudaismus, 12–53).
"Protestantische Universitätstheologie und Rassenideologie in der Zeit des Nationalsozialismus. Gerhard Kittels Vortrag 'Die Entstehung des Judentums und die Entstehung der Judenfrage' von 1936," in: Günter Brakelmann, Martin Rosowski (Hg.), Antisemitismus. Von religiöser Judenfeindschaft zur Rassenideologie, Göttingen 1989, 52–75.
with Gerda Stuchlik, ed.: Frauen und Faschismus in Europa. Der faschistische Körper (Frauen in Geschichte und Gesellschaft 6), Pfaffenweiler 1990.
with Gerda Stuchlik, ed.: Hochschule und Nationalsozialismus. Wissenschaftsgeschichte und Wissenschaftsbetrieb als Thema der Zeitgeschichte (Arnoldshainer Texte 66), Frankfurt a. M. 1990.
"Josel von Rosheim: Juden und Christen im Zeitalter der Reformation," in: Kirche und Israel 6, 1991, 3–16 (Habilitationsvortrag am 9. Mai 1990).
ed., Die evangelischen Kirchen und der SED-Staat – ein Thema Kirchlicher Zeitgeschichte (Arnoldshainer Texte 77), Frankfurt a. M. 1993.
with Carsten Nicolaisen, ed.: Theologische Fakultäten im Nationalsozialismus, Arbeiten zur Kirchlichen Zeitgeschichte B 18, Göttingen 1993.
Christlicher Antijudaismus und Antisemitismus. Theologische und kirchliche Programme Deutscher Christen (Arnoldshainer Texte 85), Frankfurt a. M. 1994.
"Die Rezeption und Diskussion der Genus-Kategorie in der theologischen Wissenschaft," in: Hadumod Bußmann, Renate Hof (Hrsg.), Genus. Zur Geschlechterdifferenz in den Kulturwissenschaften, Stuttgart 1995, 60–112.
with Doron Kiesel, ed.: Der Aufklärung zum Trotz. Antisemitismus und politische Kultur in Deutschland (Arnoldshainer Texte 100), Frankfurt a. M. 1998.
External links
Die Namensgeberin des Leonore Siegele-Wenschkewitz-Preises - Internetseite des Vereins zur Förderung feminstischer Theologie in Forschung und Lehre e. V.
1944 births
1999 deaths
People from Białogard
People from the Province of Pomerania
Christian writers
German historians of religion
20th-century German Protestant theologians
Women Christian theologians
20th-century German historians
German women historians
20th-century German women writers
The Vita Annonis Minor is a hagiography of Saint Anno (archbishop of Cologne), No. 509 in the Bibliotheca Hagiographica Latina (BHL). The only extant mediaeval manuscript is in the Universitäts- und Landesbibliothek Darmstadt under reference Hs. 945.
History
The manuscript was created in about 1180 in Michaelsberg Abbey, Siegburg. It later entered the possession of Grafschaft Abbey, either in 1186 or with the relics of Saint Anno in 1374. It was first documented in the mid-17th century by the Cologne clergyman and historian Aegidius Gelenius in a list of the manuscripts of Grafschaft. After secularisation and the transfer of the Duchy of Westphalia to the Landgraviate of Hessen-Darmstadt in 1804, the Vita Annonis came to the court library of Ludwig X in Darmstadt.
Description
The manuscript is made of parchment and measures 19 × 14 centimetres. It comprises 68 pages. On the reverse of the first page is a depiction of Saint Anno with the caption Sanctus Anno episcopus coloniensis. The bishop is surrounded by five illustrations of churches and monasteries, probably those which he founded: the churches of St. Maria ad Gradus and St. Georg in Cologne, and the monasteries of Grafschaft Abbey in the Sauerland, Saalfeld Abbey on the Saale and Michaelsberg Abbey in Siegburg.
Content
The Vita Annonis Minor is the more recent of two substantial mediaeval lives of Anno (the other is the Annolied). It was intended to support the canonisation of Anno (died 1075) and to be admitted as evidence in the process. Added to the description itself was the "Bamberger Nachtrag" ("Bamberg Addendum"), in which arguments against the canonisation were refuted, as well as an account of 1381 of the translation of Anno's relics to Grafschaft Abbey in 1374.
During the 15th century legends of further saints venerated at Grafschaft were entered on the manuscript's empty pages: Saint Felicity and her sons, and Saints Vitus, Modestus and Crescentia.
Literature
Géza Jászai (ed.), 1982: Monastisches Westfalen. Klöster und Stifte 800–1800 (pp. 570f., 5th improved edition). Landschaftsverband Westfalen-Lippe: Münster
Mauritius Mittler, 1975: Vita Annonis Minor = Die Jüngere Annovita (Siegburger Studien 10; Latin-German). Respublica-Verlag: Siegburg
External links
Manuscripta-mediaevalia.de: Description of the manuscript
Klaus Graf: F. W. E. Roth und die Vita Annonis minor (Darmstadt, ULB, Hs. 945) in: Archivalia, 8 December 2015
German manuscripts
Christian hagiography
12th-century manuscripts
Shoun Handirisi (born 6 October 1994) is a Zimbabwean first-class cricketer. He was part of Zimbabwe's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Zimbabwean cricketers
Sportspeople from Harare
Wicket-keepers
Yu-4 or Yu 4 may refer to:
Yu-4 torpedo, a Chinese torpedo
, an Imperial Japanese Army transport submarine of World War II
Malcolm Lake (born 3 August 1994) is a Zimbabwean first-class cricketer. He was part of Zimbabwe's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. In March 2017, he played for Oxford MCCU against Surrey as part of the Marylebone Cricket Club University fixtures.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Zimbabwean cricketers
Oxford MCCU cricketers
Sportspeople from Harare
Alumni of Oxford Brookes University
Jim Harris may refer to:
Jim Harris (writer) (born 1957), American novelist, author of A Bottle of Rain and the forthcoming As God Looked On
Jim Harris (illustrator/author) (born 1955), American children's book illustrator
Jim Harris (politician) (born 1961), Canadian politician and environmentalist, former leader of the Green Party of Canada
Jim Harris (wrestler) (born 1950), American professional wrestler, better known as Kamala
Jim Harris (entrepreneur), American businessman, co-founder of Compaq Computer
Jim Harris, a character in the film A Sister to Assist 'Er
See also
James Harris (disambiguation)
Jimmy Harris (disambiguation)
Sisa may refer to:
SISA, Società Italiana Servizi Aerei, Italian airline and flight training school associated with Cantieri Aeronautici e Navali Triestini (C.R.D.A Canterei), later merged with other airlines to form Ala Littoria
Solomon Islands Scout Association
Sisa (1999 film), 1999 Filipino film
Sisa (drug), a methamphetamine derivative
Sisa Waqa, Fijian rugby league footballer
, Italian supermarket chain
Jaume Sisa (b. 1948), Catalan singer-songwriter
989 Studios (formerly Sony Interactive Studios America or SISA), American video game company
See also
Sir John Thynne (c. 1515 – 21 May 1580) was the steward to Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset (c. 1506 – 1552), and a member of parliament. He was the builder of Longleat House, and his descendants became Marquesses of Bath.
Early life
Thynne's family also used the surname Boteville (or Botfield), so was often called Thynne alias Boteville.
Thynne was born in Church Stretton, Shropshire, in 1515, and was the eldest son of Thomas Thynne, otherwise Botevile, and of his wife Margaret, a daughter of Thomas Eynns. His uncle William Thynne was a courtier in the household of King Henry VIII and a literary editor.
However, there is no other information about Thynne's youth, which may have been influenced by his uncle at court.
Career
The first record of Thynne is in 1535, when he was in the service of Lord Vaux of Harrowden. In a surviving account book kept by Lord Vaux's steward, he is listed among forty-six people 'ordinary of Household' who attended Lord Vaux's family at Harrowden between 2 August and 28 October 1535.
Between March and November 1538, Thynne, described as Lord Hertford's servant, brought an action in the Court of Chancery concerning the parsonage of Wilby, Northamptonshire, claiming he had wrongly been excluded from it by Lord Vaux.
In 1536, Thynne became steward to Edward Seymour, 1st Viscount Beauchamp, during the short period when Seymour's sister Jane Seymour was the Queen of Henry VIII of England. Seymour was later Marquess of Hertford and Duke of Somerset. Thynne continued in his place as steward until Seymour's execution for treason in 1552.
Seymour built up great estates in London and the west of England, not least after he became Lord Protector of England and the first Duke of Somerset in 1547, while his nephew Edward VI was king. Thynne, a hard-working servant, prospered as his master did.
In 1542 and 1544, Thynne was with Seymour on military expeditions to the north. He was probably at the Battle of Solway Moss in 1542 and was knighted after the victory of the Battle of Pinkie Cleugh of 1547.
Also in 1547, Thynne became a freeman of the City of London and a member of the Worshipful Company of Mercers.
Before he had long been Seymour's steward, Thynne began to build up his own estates in the west of England and Oxfordshire. On 11 April 1539, he took a twenty-one-year lease of the rectory of Clawton in Devon, when he was described as a resident of London. His greatest prize was the former Carthusian Longleat Priory, together with land in three parishes on the borders of Wiltshire and Somerset, which he bought on his own account in 1540. Other possessions of the former priories of Longleat and Hinton Charterhouse were granted by the Crown to Seymour, who sold them to his steward Thynne on 25 June 1541. This made a substantial estate near to Seymour's own at Maiden Bradley. Beginning in 1546, Thynne spent more than thirty-five years building a great house at Longleat.
Thynne became member of parliament for Marlborough in 1545 (and perhaps also in 1539 and 1542), and for Salisbury in 1547. A historian of Marlborough, James Waylen, states that Thynne was twice member for Marlborough before 1545. This is supported by a bond for £33 from the Corporation of Marlborough which Thynne was holding in March 1544, roughly equal to his parliamentary wages of two shillings a day for the three sessions of the Parliament of 1539 and the first two sessions of the one of 1542. He was also sheriff of Somerset and Dorset for 1548–1549.
In 1549, he made a rich match in marrying Christian, a daughter of Sir Richard Gresham.
The Duke of Somerset fell from power in 1549, and Thynne was twice imprisoned in the Tower of London. Somerset was arrested at Windsor on 11 October 1549, and on 13 October Thynne was sent to the Tower with William Grey, Sir Thomas Smith, Sir Michael Stanhope and Edward Wolf, these being described as the Duke's "principal instruments and counsellors... in the affairs of his ill government". In August 1550, he was pardoned and all his goods and offices were restored, but he was put into the Tower again on 16 October 1551. After Somerset's execution, like his other followers who were spared, Thynne lost his offices and much of his land, and he was heavily fined. He retired to Longleat and led a country life there.
Thynne responded to Queen Mary's orders of 19 July 1553, by proclaiming her queen at Warminster, where he was high steward, but under her reign he continued to live in Wiltshire.
When Queen Elizabeth I inherited the throne, many of Thynne's friends returned to power, and he was again able to expand his estates and to recover some of his offices.
Thynne was again a member of parliament, for Wiltshire in 1559, for Great Bedwyn in 1563, for Wiltshire again in 1571, and for Heytesbury in 1572. He was High Sheriff of Wiltshire for 1568–1569, and Custos rotulorum and a Justice of Peace for Wiltshire from 1558–1559 until his death.
When he died in 1580, Thynne left manors in Wiltshire, Gloucestershire, Somerset and Oxfordshire, and property in the cities of London, Westminster, and Bristol. He was entombed in the parish church at Longbridge Deverill, Wiltshire. At his funeral, gowns were given to sixty poor men, mourning suits to sixty-one servants, and cloaks to a great many gentlemen, and the funeral expenses came to £380, 8s & 3d.
Building of Longleat
Thynne supervised Seymour's planned great house on a hill called Bedwyn Brail at Great Bedwyn in Wiltshire, intended to replace his ancestral seat of Wolf Hall. The house was unfinished when Seymour fell from power, but a correspondence survives, dated between November 1548 and June 1549, which shows Thynne directing the plans. He also played a part in the building of Seymour's Somerset House in London.
At Longleat, Thynne took thirty-seven years to design and build his own great neo-classical house with four facades, Doric, Ionic, and Corinthian pilasters, and regularly spaced bay windows. A perfectionist, he employed only the best craftsmen, including the English master mason and architect Robert Smythson and the French mason Alan Maynard. He suffered a setback in 1567, when there was a major fire at the house. However, during the long process of construction, Longleat became the centre of a new school of building. Smythson went on to design Hardwick Hall, Wollaton Hall, Burghley House, and Burton Agnes Hall, and is described by Mark Girouard in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography as "the strongest architectural personality to have survived from the Elizabethan and Jacobean age".
Marriages and issue
Thynne married twice:
Firstly, in 1549, to Christiana Gresham, a daughter of Sir Richard Gresham and a sister of Sir Thomas Gresham, founder of the Royal Exchange. Their marriage settlement was signed in January 1549. By Christiana Gresham he had three sons and six daughters, including:
John Thynne (died 1604), the eldest son and heir. He was knighted by King James I on 11 May 1603, four days after James arrived to take up the English crown. He married Joan Hayward, a daughter of Sir Rowland Hayward, twice Lord Mayor of London by his wife Joan Tyllsworth, daughter and heiress of Sir William Tyllsworth. Joan Hayward brought the Thynne family new estates in Shropshire and elsewhere.
Dorothy Thynne (buried 25 September 1592), wife of Sir John Strangways (c.1548-1593) of Melbury House, Melbury Sampford, Somerset, and of Abbotsbury in Dorset, Sheriff of Dorset. Their third son and eventual heir was Sir John Strangways (1585-1666), MP.
Anne Thynne, wife of John Cole;
Francis Thynne, who married Alice Knocker;
Thomas Thynne, who married Emily Bembridge;
Elizabeth Thynne, wife of John Chamberlayne;
Catherine Thynne, who married firstly Walter Long (1565-1610) and secondly Hugh Fox;
Frances Thynne;
Maria Thynne.
Secondly, in about 1566, after the death of his first wife, he married Dorothy Wroughton, a daughter of Sir William Wroughton, of Broad Hinton, by his wife Eleanor Lewknor. She survived her husband and married secondly Carew Raleigh of Downton House near Salisbury, a Member of Parliament for Downton in 1604, and the brother of Sir Walter Raleigh. By Dorothy Wroughton he had a further five sons:
Egremont Thynne, who married Barbara Calthorpe;
Henry Thynne, who married Elizabeth Chudleigh;
Charles Thynne;
Edward Thynne, who married Theodosia Manners;
William Thynne, who married Alice Talbot.
Later descendants
In 1641 Thynne's great-grandson Henry Frederick Thynne (1615–1680) was created a baronet in the Baronetage of England, and in 1682 his son, Sir Thomas Thynne, 2nd Baronet, was created Viscount Weymouth. In 1789, Thomas Thynne, 3rd Viscount Weymouth (1734–1796) became the first of the Marquesses of Bath, a line which continues to the present-day Ceawlin Thynn, 8th Marquess of Bath (born 1974).
Arms
The arms of the head of the Thynne family of Longleat are blazoned “Quarterly, 1st and 4th: Barry of ten or and sable (Botteville); 2nd and 3rd: Argent, a lion rampant tail nowed and erect gules (Thynne)”.
References
External links
Longleat House – official site
1510s births
1580 deaths
People from Wiltshire
Politicians from Shropshire
People from Church Stretton
John
High Sheriffs of Wiltshire
High Sheriffs of Somerset
High Sheriffs of Dorset
Recipients of English royal pardons
English MPs 1539–1540
English MPs 1542–1544
English MPs 1545–1547
English MPs 1547–1552
English MPs 1559
English MPs 1563–1567
English MPs 1571
English MPs 1572–1583
English people of the Rough Wooing
The German Luftwaffe (Air Force), Heer (Army), Kriegsmarine (Navy) and the Waffen-SS used Arabic numerals as well as Roman numerals to distinguish between the different units, sub-units and organization levels of their respective military branch.
Luftwaffe flying units
Arabic numerals denoted a Staffel (Squadron) of a Geschwader (Flying Wing).
Example: 2./Jagdgeschwader 51 refers to the 2nd Staffel of the 51st Jagdgeschwader.
Roman numerals denoted a Gruppe (Group) of a Geschwader.
Example: III./Zerstörergeschwader 26 refers to the 3rd Gruppe of the 26th Zerstörergeschwader.
Units of the Heer or Waffen-SS
The Heer or Waffen-SS used a similar naming convention to the Luftwaffe. An Infantry, Panzer, Grenadier division was normally composed of three regiments. Each of these regiments was composed of three battalions denoted by Roman numerals. Each battalion was composed of three companies which were numbered by Arabic numerals. This naming scheme also applied to land based units of the Kriegsmarine, Luftwaffe and the Waffen-SS.
See also
Glossary of German military terms
References
Citations
Bibliography
Obermaier, Ernst (1976). Die Ritterkreuzträger der Luftwaffe 1939-1945 Band II Stuka- und Schlachtflieger (in German). Mainz, Germany: Verlag Dieter Hoffmann. .
Scherzer, Veit (2007). Die Ritterkreuzträger 1939–1945 Die Inhaber des Ritterkreuzes des Eisernen Kreuzes 1939 von Heer, Luftwaffe, Kriegsmarine, Waffen-SS, Volkssturm sowie mit Deutschland verbündeter Streitkräfte nach den Unterlagen des Bundesarchives (in German). Jena, Germany: Scherzers Miltaer-Verlag. .
Military of Nazi Germany
The Theakston's Old Peculier Crime Novel of the Year Award is one of the UK's top crime-fiction awards, sponsored by Theakston's Old Peculier. It is awarded annually at Harrogate Crime Writing Festival in the UK, held every July, as part of the Harrogate International Festivals. The winner receives £3000 and a small hand-carved oak beer cask carved by one of Britain's last coopers. Novels eligible are those crime novels published in paperback any time during the previous year. Voting is by the public with decisions of a jury-panel also taken into account, a fact not-much publicised by the award organisers, who are keen to emphasize the public-voting aspect of the award.
Recipients
References
Mystery and detective fiction awards
British literary awards
Awards established in 2005
2005 establishments in the United Kingdom
Wilbär is a polar bear who was born in captivity at the Wilhelma Zoo in Stuttgart, Germany on December 10, 2007. Wilbär made his first public appearance on April 16, 2008, swimming alongside his mother. His name comes from combining the name of the zoo with the German word for bear (Bär). Zoo officials have registered the name as a trademark.
Sweden
In May 2009, Wilbär left Wilhelma Zoo and was shipped to Orsa Grönklitt wildlife park in Sweden. There he is paired with Ewa, from the Rotterdam Zoo, and received many gifts from Germany on his birthday. In spring of 2011, zoo officials thought Ewa might be pregnant. Wilbär's first female cub, Miki, was born in December of 2013. Two twin cubs, Noori and Nanook, were born in November of 2021.
Netherlands
On March 12, 2022, Wilbär was transferred to the Dierenrijk Zoo in Nuenen, Netherlands.
See also
Knut (polar bear)
Flocke
List of individual bears
References
External links
Wilbär Tagebuch on the Wilhelma website
Individual polar bears
2007 animal births
Male mammals
Individual animals in Germany
Individual bears
Club Deportivo Sondika is a football club from Sondika, Biscay, Basque Country, Spain, founded in 1942. It is most notable for its former women's section, which was founded in 1970 as Maiona de Sondika and later changed its name to Txorrieriko Neskak before becoming CD Sondika's women's team in the 1980s.
CD Sondika played in the top national category between 1994 and 2000. Its best results were a 4th position in the 1995 División de Honor and reaching the league's Final Four (established in 1996) in 1998. In 2000 the section was disbanded and most of its players founded Leioa EFT, a new club which two years later became the women's section of Athletic Bilbao.
CD Sondika still competes in the lower regional male categories, playing at the Basozabal ground. Most recently it was 5th in Bizkaia's División de Honor.
Season to season (women)
Former internationals
Tamara López
Maite Muguruza
References
External links
Official website
List of former Sondika women's team members at Txapeldunak
Women's football clubs in Spain
Association football clubs established in 1942
Football clubs in the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Athletic Club Femenino
1942 establishments in Spain
George Creek may refer to:
George Creek (Alberta), a stream in Canada
George Creek (Asotin Creek), a stream in the U.S. state of Washington
See also
Georges Creek (disambiguation)
Mata () is a 2006 Kannada cult black comedy film written and directed by debutant director Guruprasad. It has an ensemble cast starring Jaggesh, Vaijanath Biradar, Mandya Ramesh and others. The director himself had a cameo in the movie. Mata is a black comedy. The movie primarily revolves around the events that occur within a contemporary matha/mutts, which are revered as one of the most sacred institutions in India. The movie beautifully depicts that enlightenment is only possible if emotions like anger, lust, desire, etc. are overcome. With this movie, Guruprasad rose to fame in the industry. Mata is a 100th movie for Jaggesh and 200th movie for Biradar. After the success of this film, Guruprasad and Jaggesh's combo's next movie Eddelu Manjunatha had the lot of expectations which released in early 2009.
Plot
The movie starts with a taxi driver Venkatesha (Jaggesh) welcoming Sister Martha (played by Pari) to Bangalore. He needs to drive her to a matha in Thirthahalli and he starts narrating a story to make the journey interesting, interspersed with sub-stories.
The fore-said matha has an asylum taking care of handicapped orphans and a rare temple of Lord Brahma. He narrates about this matha, whose chief is a skirt-chaser and goes to the extent of playing the flute to girls over the phone just to impress upon them. Soon enough, the chief decides to part with the post in order to join his wife back.
In unique circumstances, the manager and administrator of matha, Appayya (R. N. Sudarshan) advertises in newspapers declaring vacancy for "Chief of Matha". At this point, breaking the fourth wall, R. N. Sudarshan enacting the role of Appayya declines to read out the dialogues about placing a newspaper ad about vacant Chief of Matha position. Director Guruprasad makes a cameo entry bombarding Appayya to enact his role, as he is paid to do just that viz., read out the dialogues.
The introduction scene of the film is fabulous as all the characters are invited with vedic hymns, "Asathoma Sadgamaya", which signifies the light in all directions. Tabla Nani as Venugopala nickname packet, Sudheendra as Chintamani, Shashidhar Bhat as Shashidhar bhat, Mandya Ramesh as Mandya Nagesh, Vaijanath Biradar as Kosta alias Sidda and Jaggesh as Venkatesha take the film on their shoulders. It is a great masterpiece that has every essence from crisp dialogues to a meaningful and soul-stirring script.
The characters are neglected by society, their quest for a societal status and food drives them to do all kinds of things to just remain in the training period as they want to avoid destitution. Givne that it is a multi-layered plot, the narrator (Jaggesh) infuses tit-bits of stories to the viewer and seamlessly weaves them with the main plot. For example, the comedy scenes involving Nagaraj Murthy as a desperate king, who wants to build a mausoleum for his wife, are hilarious and signifies the hold on making the audience waiting for the intuitiveness of the next scene. Sudarshan has given a great modification of a cool head who always emphasize Dharma, manager's role orchestrated by Sadananda, who is at his comical best.
The story progresses through the many travails of all the six apprentices, who fight for their place under the sun. This process takes them on a journey which transforms their previous meaningless lives into a completely different dimension. The plot also explores the many illegal activities that run behind the scenes in a mutt.
In the end, Jaggesh and the others realize the true meaning of life, and they each adopt a profession best suited to their personality. Sister Martha is revealed to be a guardian angel for the financially ailing mutt when she donates a substantial amount of money for its betterment. The movie ends with Jaggesh thanking sister Martha, and Guruprasad and Sudarshan sharing a small but lively conversation about the outcome of the story.
Cast
Jaggesh as Upkathe Govindu a.k.a. Venkatesh, a former apprentice in matha who works as a taxi driver
R. N. Sudarshan as Appayya, the interim chief of the matha who is training the disciples
Nagathihalli Chandrashekar as the matha head who has left it for a woman
Vaijanath Biradar as Siddha, an apprentice who is surprisingly calm around corpses as he was born in a cemetery
Shashidhar Bhat as an apprentice, in the movie he represents lust
Sudheendra as Chintamani
Tabla Nani as Venugopal, an apprentice who is an alcoholic
Asif Farroqi as Pasha, an apprentice, in the movie he represents anger
Mandya Ramesh as Nagesh, an apprentice
Guruprasad as Appayya's Son
Sadananda as the manager of the matha who is sceptical of the trainees
Pranavmurthy as a beggar who later undergoes a transformation facilitated by the astrologist
Manasi as a harbinger of bad luck
Bhagirathi bai Kadam as the blind astrologist who also practical in her thinking
Vaishnavi Mahant
Pari as sister Martha
Raju Ananthaswamy as prisoner, (cameo)
Tara Anuradha (Cameo)
Doddanna (Cameo)
Sadhu Kokila (Cameo)
Vanitha Vasu (Cameo)
Soundtrack
The film has six songs composed by V. Manohar and Udayaravi, with lyrics by K.R. Sitaram Shastri, V. Manohar, Chaturmukha and Kaviraj. They were sung by C. Ashwath, Gurukiran, B. Jayashree, Hemanth, Chetan and Chaitra.
Critical reception
It got favorable reviews from both fans and critics alike. It is said to have done reasonably well at the box office, although the exact figures of its earnings are not available. The movie came as an eye-opener to all the present-day directors that a cinema is not a bundle of songs or locations instead it is an introspecting field where a societal message should be given to the public at large.
Controversy
This movie took on a controversial color when Jaggesh was presented with a State award for best-supporting actor. Jaggesh publicly expressed his disappointment that he deserved the award for best actor and decided to reject the state award.
References
External links
2000s Kannada-language films
2006 films
Films scored by V. Manohar
Indian black comedy films
Indian nonlinear narrative films
Films directed by Guruprasad
2006 directorial debut films
This page lists the albums that reached number-one on the overall Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, the R&B Albums chart (which was re-created in 2013), and the Rap Albums chart in 2016. The R&B Albums and Rap Albums charts partly serve as distillations of the overall R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
Note that Billboard publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7–10 days in advance.
List of number ones
See also
2016 in music
List of Billboard 200 number-one albums of 2016
List of number-one R&B/hip-hop songs of 2016 (U.S.)
References
2016
2016
United States RandB Hip Hop Albums
Strong Black Woman is the fourth stand-up comedy special by stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin on Bravo and her sixth overall. It was televised live from the Orpheum Theatre in Los Angeles, California on on Bravo.
Track listing
Personnel
Technical and production
Cori Abraham - executive producer
Frances Berwick - executive producer
Tom Bull - supervising producer
Scott Butler - producer
Sandy Chanley - executive producer
Mark Hansson - line producer
Amy Introcaso - executive producer (as Amy Introcaso-Davis)
Kelly Luegenbiehl - supervising producer
Keith Truesdell - producer
Eban Schletter - music producer
Joshua Harman - film editor
Rich Parry - film editor
Mark Hoffman - production design
Greg Bell - production associate
Luis Bonachea - production associate
Mark Hansson - associate director / stage manager
Marshall Katz - production secretary
John Pritchett - technical director
Mark Reilly - assistant: Sandy Chanley
Visuals and imagery
Glen Alex - hair stylist
Adam Christopher - makeup stylist
Damon Andres - audio: a2
Larry Reed - sound mixer
Blaine Stewart - post production audio
Marvin Bluth - tape operator
Randy Gomez - camera operator
Greg Grouwinkel - camera operator
Marc Hunter - camera operator
Ritch Kenney - camera operator
Simon Miles - lighting designer
Mark Sanford - video operator
Danny Webb - camera operator
Kris Wilson - camera operator
Judith Brewer Curtis - wardrobe stylist
References
External links
Kathy Griffin's Official Website
Kathy Griffin albums
Stand-up comedy albums
2006 live albums
Anita Aarons (6 November 1912 – 3 January 2000) was an Australian-Canadian artist.
Life
Born in Sydney, Aarons studied at the East Sydney Technical College and the National Art School in Sydney before moving to New York City, where she graduated from Columbia University in 1964. She exhibited work in venues in the United States, Canada, and Australia. She taught sculpture and crafts in a number of institutions, and designed stained glass windows, furniture, and jewelry, in addition to working as a sculptor. Collections which include examples of her work include the Charlottetown National Craft Collection and the National Collection of the Canadian Craftsmen Guild in Toronto.
On 25 June 1951, Aarons was invited to attend a meeting of the City of Sydney's Health and Recreations Committee to discuss her submission to erect a piece of sculpture in the children's playground of Phillip Park. The Council approved the submission on 2 October 1951. The sculpture was removed on 2 April 1952.
In 1965 she became a critic for the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada's Journal RAIC, writing a column titled "Allied Arts" about the role of craft in architecture.
In 1983, she was awarded the Diplome d'Honneur from the Canadian Conference of the Arts.
Aarons returned to Australia at the end of her life and settled in Brisbane, where she died on 3 January 2000.
References
1912 births
2000 deaths
20th-century Australian sculptors
20th-century Canadian sculptors
Canadian women sculptors
Artists from Sydney
20th-century Australian women artists
20th-century Canadian women artists
Australian emigrants to Canada
National Art School alumni
Columbia University School of the Arts alumni
Australian designers
Canadian designers
Australian stained glass artists and manufacturers
Canadian stained glass artists and manufacturers
Australian jewellers
Canadian jewellery designers
Australian expatriates in the United States
Women jewellers
Pandemis marginumbra is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1960
Pandemis
Suhaia is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Suhaia, but also included Fântânele village until 2004, when it was split off to form a separate commune.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Important Bird Areas of Romania
Candlenut oil or kukui nut oil is extracted from the nut of Aleurites moluccanus (Aleurites triloba), the candlenut or kuku'i.
Description
The candlenut tree is widely distributed through Polynesia, and is found in Hawaii, South Asia, and China, and has been introduced into the West Indies. The oil from the nut is of commercial value, and is included in the drying oils and is used as an illuminating oil. Solvent extraction of the oil from the crushed kernel yields a light yellow oil (density ); when obtained by expression (pressing), the oil may be dark from impurities. Roughly half the weight of the kernel is oil.
A sample of the oil obtained by petroleum extraction had a saponification value of 179.1 (generally 190-205), an iodine number of 155.5 (generally 135-165, as low as 114), and a Reichert value of 2.82. The oil acts as a mild cathartic similar to castor oil, while the cake remaining from pressing also acts as a purgative if ingested.
The oil typically contains 15% oleic acid, 40% linoleic acid, and less than 30% linolenic acid. Analysis of nut oil samples from Polynesia (Hawaii, Tonga) over a 10-year period showed no change in fatty acid composition - that is about 6% palmitic acid, 2-3% stearic acid, 15-18% linoleic acid, and 30-33% linolenic acid. Oils from Maritime Southeast Asia (Indonesia, East Timor) had different unsaturated content, with 20-25% oleic, 34-42% linoleic, and 27-32% linolenic acid, with palmitic and stearic acid contents similar.
Analysis of a different sample of candlenut kernel seed oil from either solvent (hexane soxhlet) or supercritical carbon dioxide extraction showed around 54% stearic acid, 16% oleic acid, 20% linoleic acid, and less than 3% linolenic acid.
Historically, it has been valued as an emollient, and is currently used primarily in skin-care products.
Synonyms
It is also known as Spanish walnut (Jamaica), Belgaum walnut oil (India), and kekune oil (Sri Lanka).
See also
Tung oil, oil of Vernicia fordii - the oil of Aleurites cordata (now V. cordata) yields "Japanese tung oil".
References
Vegetable oils
TechniGraphics, Inc. was a multi-national company with its headquarters in Wooster, Ohio, USA. It was involved in geospatial and engineering services. In November 2010, the company was acquired by CACI International Inc.
History
TechniGraphics started out as Technicolor Graphic Services (TGS), a division of the "Color by Technicolor" company. The company began working with early GIS systems like GRASS and MOSS in 1982, progressing with the maturing industry to ESRI's ArcInfo in 1989, and most recently to the object-based GIS embodied in ArcGIS 9.0. The company abbreviated its name to TechniGraphics, Inc. in 2005.
The company was acquired by Dee and Mary Vaidya in 1993 and turned around with the help of the former Rubbermaid CEO, Donald E. Noble, who became a shareholder, when he purchased the shares of an earlier partner of the Vaidya's. The Fort Collins, Colorado, company was a federal contractor and produced digital maps for the United States Geological Survey and the Defense Mapping Agency.
In 2002, to win additional volume of work for the same kind of digital maps it had produced since inception, TechniGraphics again applied to be a prime contractor, this time to the United States Department of Defense, and in 2003 was awarded a 10-year, $200 million Prime Contract that led to explosive growth for the organization.
In 2006, the company purchased the $10 million per year Product Lifecycle Management business of MSC Software and another $5 million per year company, Axiom Systems. These purchases added six offices, almost 100 people and expanded the company into Europe. TechniGraphics acquired another similar company, CUTit, in Germany in 2007, which firmly established it in the engineering services field.
In 2010, TechniGraphics' Geospatial activity was purchased by CACI. The engineering services activity was spun off to form a new company, Noble Technologies, d.b.a NobleTek.
On May 21, 2013, CACI closed its operations in Wooster.
Locations
Fort Collins, Colorado
St. Louis, Missouri
Further reading
WKYC.com - What Works: Slice of Silicon Valley growing in Wooster
References
External links
TechniGraphics website (no longer valid)
Noble Technologies Corp. dba NobleTek
Companies established in 1993
Companies based in Wooster, Ohio
Three Rock Rovers Hockey Club is a field hockey club based in Rathfarnham, South Dublin, Ireland. The club was founded in 1893. It was originally based in Foxrock and was named after Three Rock Mountain. The club's senior men's team plays in the Men's Irish Hockey League and the Men's Irish Senior Cup. The reserve team play in the Men's Irish Junior Cup. Three Rock Rovers have also represented Ireland in European competitions, including the Euro Hockey League. Three Rock Rovers also enters various men's and women's teams in junior, senior and veterans leagues and cup competitions affiliated to the Leinster Hockey Association.
History
Three Rock Rovers were founded in 1893 by a group of former Dublin University Hockey Club players. Together with Dublin University and Monkstown, Three Rock Rovers were among the pioneering field hockey clubs in Ireland. In 2008–09 Three Rock Rovers were founder members of the Men's Irish Hockey League.
EY Champions Trophy
Irish Senior Cup
Notes
Irish Junior Cup
Europe
Three Rock Rovers have also represented Ireland in European competitions. In addition to playing in the Euro Hockey League, Three Rock Rovers have also played in European indoor hockey competitions. Three Rock Rovers hosted the 2015 EuroHockey Club Trophy.
Women's field hockey
Irish Junior Cup
Home grounds
Three Rock Rovers were originally based in Foxrock, near the Stillorgan station on the Harcourt Street railway line. The club's original grounds were donated to Three Rock Rovers by Sir John Power of Power's Distillers. In 1930, Three Rock Rovers moved to Londonbridge Road, the headquarters of the Irish Hockey Union in Ringsend. In 1981 the club moved to its current grounds at Grange Road in Rathfarnham, South Dublin.
Notable players
Men
internationals
When Ireland won the silver medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics, the squad included five Three Rock Rovers players – Henry Brown, Walter Campbell, Richard Gregg, Henry Murphy and Charles Power.
international
David Judge: 1964
internationals
Jody Hosking
Richard Pautz
Others
Gordon Lambert: member of Seanad Éireann
Women
internationals
When the Ireland women's national field hockey team won the silver medal at the 2018 Women's Hockey World Cup, the squad included former Three Rock Rovers player Deirdre Duke.
Deirdre Duke
Honours
Men
Men's Irish Hockey League
Runners-Up: 2017–18, 2018–19: 2
EY Champions Trophy
Winners: 2017, 2018, 2019: 3
Irish Senior Cup
Winners: 1897–98, 1907–08, 1938–39, 1952–53, 1958–59, 1961–62, 1962–63, 1963–64, 1973–74, 2013–14, 2017–18, 2018–19: 12
Runners-Up: 1912, 1960, 1977, 1986, 1998, 1999: 6
Irish Junior Cup
Winners: 1897–98, 1909–10, 1911–12, 1919–20, 1978–79, 1997–98, 2018–19: 7
Runners-Up: 1964, 1977, 1983, 2000, 2015, 2017: 6
EuroHockey Indoor Club Challenge II
Winners: 2018: 1
EuroHockey Indoor Club Challenge I
Runners-Up: 2019: 1
All-Ireland Club Championship
Winners: 2008: 1
Women
Irish Junior Cup
Runners-Up: 2001, 2003: 2
References
External links
Three Rock Rovers on Facebook
Three Rock Rovers on Twitter
Field hockey clubs in County Dublin
Sports clubs in South Dublin (county)
Men's Irish Hockey League teams
1893 establishments in Ireland
Field hockey clubs established in 1893
Julie Gray is an American former rugby union player. She represented the at the 1994 Rugby World Cup in Scotland. The Eagles were runners-up to after losing 23–38 in the final.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Female rugby union players
American female rugby union players
United States women's international rugby union players
Bieberehren is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany. It lies on the river Tauber.
References
Würzburg (district)
Plecia is a genus of March flies (Bibionidae).
Species
P. acutirostris
P. adiastola
P. affinidecora
P. americana
P. amplipennis
P. aruensis
P. angularis
P. avicephaliforma
P. bicuspidata
P. bifida
P. bifoliolata
P. bisulca
P. boliviana
P. chinensis
P. crenula
P. curtispina
P. cuspidata
P. digitiformis
P. dileracabilis
P. dimidiata
P. duplicis
P. edwardsi
P. emeiensis
P. erebea
P. erebeoidea
P. forcipiformis
P. fulvicollis
P. hadrosoma
P. hamata
P. impilosa
P. intricata
P. javensis
P. lateralis
P. lieftincki
P. longifolia
P. longiforceps
P. lopesi
P. mandibuliformis
P. membranifera
P. multilobata
P. nagatomii
P. nearctica – Lovebug
P. obtusicornis
P. obtusilobata
P. oculastra
P. okadai
P. ornaticornis
P. patula
P. pellucida
P. persimilis
P. plagiata
P. propeforcipata
P. propria
P. protea
P. pruinosa
P. pudica
P. punctulata
P. ramosa
P. rhinigera
P. rostellata
P. rufangularis
P. ruficollis – Harlequin fly
P. rufimarginata
P. rufiscutella
P. rugosa
P. serrifera
P. spilota
P. stricta
P. tephra
P. tetrascolata
P. thulinigra
P. trifida
P. triquetra
P. trunca
P. xyele
Fossil record
A number of fossil species have been assigned to Plecia with ages dating from the Cretaceous (Campanian) through the early Pleistocene (Gelasian):
Cretaceous
†P. myersi (Campanian, Canadian Amber, MB)
Paleocene
†P. undans (Thanetian, ArdTun head, UK)
Eocene
Ypresian, Allenby Formation, Canada
†P. angustipennis
†P. canadensis
†P. elatior
†P. minutula (Allenby Formation)
†P. nana (Allenby Formation)
†P. pictipennis (Allenby Formation)
†P. pulchra (Allenby Formation)
†P. pulla (Allenby Formation)
†P. similkameena (Allenby Formation)
†P. transitoria (Allenby Formation)
†P. tulameenensis (Allenby Formation)
Ypresian, Driftwood shales, Canada
†P. cairnesi
Ypresian, Horsefly Shales, Canada
†P. avus
†P. curtula
†P. dilatata
†P. platyptera (Horsefly Shales)
†P. reducta (Horsefly Shales)
Ypresian, "Mission Creek site", Canada
†P. kelownaensis
Ypresian, Oise amber, France
†P. parisiensis
Ypresian, Green River Formation, USA
†P. akerionana
†P. dejecta
†P. pealei
†P. rhodopterina
†P. winchesteri
†P. woodruffi
Priabonian, Baltic Amber
†P. borussica
†P. brunniptera
†P. clavifemur
†P. hoffeinsorum
†P. prisca
†P. tenuicornis
Priabonian, France
†P. angustiventris ( Célas site, France)
†P. chapuisii
†P. dumasi
†P. foersteri
Pribonian, United Kingdom
†P. acourti (Bembridge Marls, UK)
Priabonian, Florissant Formation, USA
†P. axeliana
†P. decapitata
†P. explanata
†P. gradata
†P. melanderi
†P. orycta
†P. tessella
Oligocene
Rupelian, Brunstatt, France
†P. gracillima
Rupelian, Corent, France
†P. joannis
†P. larteti
†P. longipennis
†P. pallida
†P. rubescens
†P. sauvagei
Rupelian, Calcaires de Vacheres Formation, France
†P. assonensis
†P. larguensis
†P. maimensis
Rupelian, Chadrat, France
†P. oustaleti
Chattian, Niveau du gypse d'Aix, France
†P. livida
†P. painvini
†P. retracta
†P. rhenana
Chattian, Camoins-les-Bains, France
†P. theobaldi
Chattian, Rott Formation, Germany
†P. collossea
†P. conica
†P. dubia
†P. exigua
†P. gracilenta
†P. grossa
†P. hypogaea
†P. inflata
†P. luctuosa
†P. luteola
†P. lygaeoides
†P. macrocephala
†P. morio
†P. pennata
†P. pinguis
†P. proserpina
†P. rhenana
†P. sturmi
†P. stygia
†P. winnertzi
Miocene
Aquitanian, Mexican amber, Mexico
†P. pristina
Burdigalian, Shanwang Formation. China
†P. aculeolata
†P. bivalvula
†P. capitata
†P. diatoma
†P. fumosa
†P. gracilentula
†P. ludongensis
†P. platoptera
†P. rectivenia
†P. solaris
†P. spinula
†P. villosa
†P. vulcania
Burdigalian, Kudia River site, Russia
†P. amagua
†P. obsitula
†P. kuznetzovi
†P. kudiella
†P. redempta
†P. refracta
Burdigalian - Langhian, Cypris Formation, Czech Republic
†P. quaesita
Langhian, Chojabaru Formation, Japan
†P. kanetakii
Serravallian, Radoboj Formation, Croatia
†P. bucklandi
Serravallian, Oehningen beds Member (Upper Freshwater-Molasse), Germany
†P. hilaris
†P. jucunda
†P. macilenta
Messinian, Monte Castellaro, Italy
†P. baglii
†P. castellaroi
†P. pisaurensis
Pliocene
Piacenzian, Togo Formation, Japan
†P. intima
Pleistocene
Gelasian, Lac Chambon, France
†P. brunneipennis
†P. vergnei
Revision of the Bibionidae fossil record from the Oligocene of Germany by Skartveit and Wedmann (2021) included the redescription of a number of Plecia species.
Hesperinus heeri (formerly Plecia heeri and syn P. elegantula )
References
Bibionidae
Nematocera genera
Taxa named by Christian Rudolph Wilhelm Wiedemann
Thomas de Charlton was Archdeacon of Totnes during 1302.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
"The Lamentable and Tragical History of Titus Andronicus," also called "Titus Andronicus' Complaint," is a ballad from the 17th century about the fictional Roman general, Titus, and his revenge cycle with the Queen of the Goths. Events in the ballad take place near the end of the Roman Empire, and the narrative of the ballad parallels the plot of William Shakespeare's play Titus Andronicus. Scholarly debate exists as to which text may have existed first, the ballad or the play (indeed, there is a third potential Titus Andronicus source, a prose history published in chapbook form during the 18th century). The ballad itself was first entered on the Stationers' Register in 1594, the same year the play was entered. Surviving copies of the ballad can be found in the British Library, in the Huntington Library, and at Magdalene College, Cambridge. Online copies of the facsimiles are also available for public consumption at sites such as the English Broadside Ballad Archive.
Synopsis
Narrated by Titus Andronicus himself, the ballad begins with Titus addressing "noble Minds, & famous Martial Wights / That in Defense of Native Countries fights" (lines 1-2). Titus thus invokes an audience sympathetic with nationalistic sentiments, and he goes on to explain his victorious return to Rome from wars with the Goths. He describes bringing with him the Queen of the Goths, her two sons, and a Moor as his prisoners; however, upon presenting them to the Emperor of Rome, the Emperor makes the Queen his wife, which enables her and her sons to seek revenge on Titus. Acting in conspiracy with the Moor, the Queen frames Titus's sons for the murder of the Emperor's son, and the Queen's sons rape and mutilate Titus's daughter, Lavinia. After the rape, the Moor manipulates Titus into cutting off his right hand to redeem his sons, but his sons are killed regardless, and their hearts are sent to Titus as a taunt. In an attempt to revenge himself, Titus kills the Queen's sons and, with Lavinia's help, bakes them into a pie to feed to the Queen. In the ballads penultimate stanza, after feeding the pies of her sons' flesh to the Queen, Titus kills Lavinia, the Queen, the Emperor, and eventually himself. The final stanza, still spoken by Titus, documents the Moor's punishment, calling it a just end for all murderers: the Moor was buried into the ground, standing, so that he might starve to death.
Surviving Copies
A number of printed copies of the ballad survive in various special collections: In the British Library, the Roxburghe collection, which houses about 1,500 ballads, possesses a copy of the ballad, estimated to be ca. 1683–1693; the Huntington Library, a much smaller but still significant collection of ballads, has a copy estimated to have been printed somewhere between 1725 and 1769; and the Pepys collection at Magdalene College houses two copies of the ballad, ca. 1684-1686 and 1624.
Form
Language
On three of the four surviving ballads, the full title is quite long: "The Lamentable and Tragical History of Titus Andronicus; with the Fall of his 25 sons, in the Wars with the Goths, with the manner of the Ravishment of his Daughter Lavinia, by the Empresses two Sons, through the means of a bloody Moor, taken by the sword of Titus, in the War: with his Revenge upon their cruel and inhumane Act." The fourth ballad, from the Pepys collection ca. 1624, is titled only "Titus Andronicus Complaint."
The ballad is mostly composed in iambic pentameter, rather than the traditional ballad meter. The ballad has an AABB rhyme scheme, with thirty quatrains composing the ballad.
Music
The ballad follows a popular ballad tune from the period, that of Fortune my Foe. Each existing broadside designates Fortune my Foe as the correct tune with a notation just beneath or next to the title of the ballad.
Print
Like many ballads, the surviving copies in the Roxburghe, Huntington, and Pepys collections are printed on broadside sheets in blackletter, or what we mostly commonly now call gothic, type. Three of the four surviving copies also have a woodcut illustration on the broadside. Like many broadside ballads, the woodcuts are not necessarily tailored to the narrative of the ballad, as woodcuts were often reused by printers.
Of the three surviving woodcuts on the copies of the Titus ballad, only one clearly depicts scenes narrated within the ballad. The ballad facsimile in the Roxburghe collection, for instance, shows a crowd watching a homecoming procession of some kind; however, while a homecoming moment is certainly one Titus narrates, nothing in the woodcut distinctly proves that the homecoming is that of Titus Andronicus. Similarly, the woodcut on the Huntington's broadside facsimile illustrates a scene which is delineated as a moment, not from Titus's tale, but from classical epic. This woodcut portrays a duel between two men, and it labels the two men as Hector and Ajax, both characters from Homer's Iliad. One of the woodcuts from the Pepys collection, however, does depict various scenes that are clearly moments from Titus's narrative. This woodcut illustrates three distinct moments from the ballad: 1. In the foreground, the woodcut depicts Titus killing the Queen's sons and draining their blood into a basin that Lavinia holds. Next to Titus's revenge act, the woodcut shows the Moor to the side as having been half-buried, standing up in the ground. 2. In the background, the woodcut illustrates Lavinia writing the names of her rapists/mutilators in the dirt with a stick balanced between the stumps of her arms. 3. And, in a frame on the right side of the woodcut, the broadside displays the Queen and the Emperor about to eat a pie.
References
Works based on Titus Andronicus
17th-century ballads
Cannibalism in fiction
Filicide in fiction
Rape in fiction
The 2017 Asian Women's U23 Volleyball Championship was the 2nd edition of the Asian Women's U23 Volleyball Championship, a biennial international volleyball tournament organised by the Asian Volleyball Confederation (AVC) with Thailand Volleyball Association (TVA). It was held in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand from 13 to 21 May 2017. The tournament will serve as the Asian qualifiers for the 2017 FIVB Volleyball Women's U23 World Championship held in Ljubljana and Maribor, Slovenia with the top two ranked teams qualifying for the world championship.
The matches were played in only one stadium in Nakhon Ratchasima: The Mall Nakhon Ratchasima. It was the first time that Thailand and Nakhon Ratchasima had hosted the tournament. As hosts, Thailand automatically participated for the tournament, while the remaining 12 teams (with the withdrawn of South Korea, China, and Philippines).
Participated teams
Pools composition
The teams were seeded based on their final ranking at the 2015 Asian Women's U23 Volleyball Championship. The host country and the top 7 ranked teams were seed in the Serpentine system. The 7 remaining teams were drawn on 27 February 2017 in Bangkok, Thailand.
Ranking from the previous edition was shown in brackets except the host (who ranked 2nd) and the teams who did not participate, which were denoted by (-).
China and South Korea withdraw prior to the draw.
Philippines withdraw after to the draw.
Venue
The tournament was hosted in MCC HALL The Mall Nakhon Ratchasima, located in Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima, Nakhon Ratchasima.
Squads
Players born after 1 January 1995 are eligible to compete in the tournament. Each team can register a maximum of 12 players.
Pool standing procedure
Numbers of matches won
Match points
Sets ratio
Points ratio
Result of the last match between the tied teams
Match won 3–0 or 3–1: 3 match points for the winner, 0 match points for the loser
Match won 3–2: 2 match points for the winner, 1 match point for the loser
Preliminary round
All times are Indochina Time (UTC+07:00).
Pool A
|}
|}
Pool B
|}
|}
Pool C
|}
|}
Pool D
|}
|}
Second round
The results and the points of the matches between the same teams that were already played during the preliminary round shall be taken into account for the classification round
All times are Indochina Time (UTC+07:00).
Pool E
|}
|}
Pool F
|}
|}
Pool G
|}
|}
Pool H
|}
|}
Classification round
All Times are Indochina Time (UTC+07:00).
Eleventh place match
|}
Ninth place match
|}
Final round
All times are Indochina Time (UTC+07:00).
Bracket
Quarter-finals
|}
Fifth place play-offs
|}
Semi-finals
|}
Seventh place match
|}
Fifth place match
|}
Third place match
|}
Final
|}
Final standing
Medalists
Awards
Most Valuable Player
Misaki Yamauchi
Best Outside Spikers
Chatchu-on Moksri
Trần Thị Thanh Thuý
Best Setter
Miki Sukurai
Best Opposite Spiker
Pimpichaya Kokram
Best Middle Blocker
Ayaka Sugi
Hathairat Jarat
Best Libero
Li Xiang-chen
Broadcasting rights
See also
2017 Asian Men's U23 Volleyball Championship
References
External links
Official website
Regulations
Teams composition
U23, 2017
2017 in Thai sport
Women's volleyball in Thailand
2017 in women's volleyball
International volleyball competitions hosted by Thailand
Sport in Nakhon Ratchasima province
John Ringling North (August 14, 1903 – June 4, 1985) was the president and director of the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus from 1937 to 1943 and again from 1947 to 1967.
Life and career
North was born on August 14, 1903 in Baraboo, Wisconsin, the son of Ida Loraina Wihelmina (Ringling) and Harry Whitestone North. His mother was the sister of the Ringling brothers. As a boy, he hawked balloons and novelties at his uncles' circus. He learned to dance and play the saxophone from circus performers and formed his own dance band while at college.
He attended the University of Wisconsin and Yale University, but left the latter in his junior year. After working for two years in a New York stock brokerage, North worked for the Ringling brothers' real estate companies and for the circus during the summers. He returned to the brokerage business from 1929 to 1936, while continuing to assist the Ringling brothers with their business interests. After the death of his uncle and namesake, John Ringling, the last of the original Ringling brothers in 1936, North became president and director of Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Combined Shows Inc.
Under North's management, the circus switched from tents to air conditioned venues in 1956, in part to offset rising labor costs. North also replaced the circus's unrelated acts with thematic programs, and once hired George Balanchine to choreograph a ballet using the circus's elephants. Balanchine, in turn, brought Igor Stravinsky on board to compose the Circus Polka for the elephant dance. The Ringling heirs sold the circus in 1967, ending 80 years of Ringling family control of the enterprise.
Marriage
North married French actress Germaine Aussey on May 11, 1940; they divorced in 1945.
Personal life
After the sale of the circus, he moved to Europe, where he lived in Switzerland and Belgium. In the early 1960s, North and his brother, Henry Ringling North, who had bought their father's ancestral home in County Galway, became Irish citizens.
Death
North died of a stroke on June 4, 1985 in Brussels, Belgium at the age of 81.
References
External links
1903 births
1985 deaths
People from Baraboo, Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Yale University alumni
Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus people
Circus owners
Recipients of the Silver Star
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Military personnel from Wisconsin
United States Navy officers
People of the Office of Strategic Services
Naturalised citizens of Ireland
Communist Party of La Rioja (in Spanish: Partido Comunista de La Rioja), is the federation of the Communist Party of Spain (PCE) in La Rioja. The party was registered with the Spanish Ministry of Interior on November 13, 1986.
The general secretary of the party is Montserrat García.
References
External links
Party website
1986 establishments in Spain
La Rioja
Political parties established in 1986
Political parties in La Rioja (Spain)
Stevan Jovetić (, ; born 2 November 1989) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a striker for Bundesliga club Hertha BSC and serves as captain for the Montenegro national team.
Jovetić's primary position is a second striker, although he can also operate as an attacking midfielder or a winger. He is known for his dribbling, technical ability, and creativity, and his playing style has led to comparisons with Roberto Baggio.
Jovetić began his career with FK Partizan, winning the double of Serbian Superliga and Serbian Cup in 2008, then joined ACF Fiorentina for an approximate €10.8 million. In five seasons at the Italian club, he scored 40 times in 134 matches, prompting an approximate €26.7 million transfer to Manchester City. In his first season in England, he won the League Cup and the Premier League. He subsequently returned to Italy to play for Inter Milan in 2015, and also had a loan spell in Spain with Sevilla in 2017, before joining Ligue 1 club Monaco later that year.
Jovetić is a Montenegro international, having previously represented his team at under-21 level. He made his senior international debut in 2007, in Montenegro's first international football match as an independent country. With 31 goals, he is the country's all-time top goalscorer.
Club career
Jovetic made his first football steps at Mladost Podgorica. He played for them until 2004 when he joined FK Partizan.
Partizan
On 9 April 2006, at the age of 16, Jovetić made his senior debut for FK Partizan under head coach Jürgen Röber during a league match against FK Voždovac.
He scored three goals during a UEFA Cup qualifying game against Zrinjski on 2 August 2007, in a 5–0 victory for Partizan, recording his first career hat-trick at only 17 years old. He became Partizan's club captain aged 17 years, 10 months and 21 days in January 2008, after former captain Antonio Rukavina was sold to German Bundesliga side Borussia Dortmund. This made him Partizan's youngest captain ever, surpassing Albert Nađ, who became captain at age 19. Jovetić held the record until 31 October 2012 when he was surpassed by Nikola Ninković.
Fiorentina
On 10 May 2008, Serie A club Fiorentina signed him for a fee of approx. €10.8 million. He scored his first goal for La Viola in the league match against Atalanta from the penalty spot on 5 April 2009.
He started the 2009–10 season with a goal against Sporting Clube de Portugal in a 1–1 return leg draw at Stadio Artemio Franchi, which gave Fiorentina their entrance into the Champions League group stages. Other decisive goals included goals against Palermo, Sampdoria, and Livorno. On 29 September 2009, he scored both goals in a 2–0 victory over Liverpool in the Champions League group stage. On 9 March 2010, Jovetić scored two goals in Fiorentina's 3–2 win over Bayern Munich. The club lost, however, on away goals, and he also scored again against Napoli on 13 March. He scored in a 4–1 win against Udinese on 28 March.
During pre-season training for the 2010–11 season, he suffered an injury to his cruciate ligament in his right knee which eventually saw him out for the whole season.
Jovetić returned from injury in fine form in the 2011–12 season, scoring a double in a 3–0 win against Parma, his first goals in over a year. On 15 October 2011, Jovetić signed a contract that would keep him in Florence through 2016. Following the winter break in the Serie A, Jovetić netted twice as Fiorentina eased to a comfortable 3–0 victory over Novara on 8 January 2012. A month later, on 5 February, Jovetić earned his side a 3–2 victory against Udinese by converting two penalties; the win gave Fiorentina back-to-back victories in the Serie A for the first time all season. He failed to find the back of the net after this game for over two months before netting his side's opener and then assisting the winning goal for Amauri as Fiorentina shocked title contenders Milan 2–1 on 7 April. Jovetić netted 14 times in 27 league games for Fiorentina, as the Tuscan side limped to 13th place in Serie A.
On 17 February 2013, both Jovetić and teammate Adem Ljajić netted braces as Fiorentina thrashed Inter 4–1 at the Stadio Artemio Franchi.
Manchester City
On 19 July 2013, he signed for Premier League club Manchester City in a deal worth approx. €26.7 million. Upon signing for the club, Jovetić chose to wear number 35 on his shirt, which he also wore while playing for Partizan. He joined former Fiorentina teammate and close friend, Matija Nastasić at the club. He made his debut for Manchester City on 14 September, in a 0–0 draw away against Stoke City. He scored his first goals for the club on 24 September, in a 5–0 win against Wigan Athletic in the League Cup.
On 29 January 2014, Jovetić scored his first Premier League goal in a 5–1 win against Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane. On 15 February, he scored his first FA Cup goal in a 2–0 victory over Chelsea in the fifth round. On 5 April, he scored his second goal in the Premier League in a 4–1 win over Southampton. On 7 May 2014, he scored his first league goal at the City of Manchester Stadium in Manchester City's 4–0 win over Aston Villa.
On 25 August 2014, he scored two goals in Manchester City's 3–1 home win over Liverpool. Upon missing time with injury, in February 2015, sanctions imposed by UEFA on City resulted in him being dropped from their UEFA Champions League squad and replaced by new signing Wilfried Bony. Jovetić reacted by saying "The manager has killed me with this decision" and questioned his future at the club.
Internazionale
In 2015 summer he returned to Italy, signing for Inter Milan on an 18-month loan, for €2.5 million fee, with a conditional obligation of redemption for €14.5 million, if Inter was ranked 17th or better in December 2016 or making an appearance for Inter in 2016–17 season. In his first 2 appearances, he scored 3 goals, with Inter winning both games. He went through a goal drought, which was broken against Udinese. Jovetić scored a brace against Udinese.
The conditional obligation to buy Jovetić was activated in July 2016.
For 2016–17 season, he was cut from the squad available for Europa League. De Boer and Pioli gave him 5 appearances.
Loan to Sevilla
On 10 January 2017, he signed a loan deal with Spanish team Sevilla until the end of season. He made his debut with the club on 12 January, scoring a goal in a 3–3 draw against Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey. He scored once again against Real Madrid three days later, this time in the league, coming on as a late substitute for Franco Vázquez, and securing the three points in stoppage time with the match-winning goal that put Sevilla back in second place in La Liga, and ended Real Madrid's 40-game-long unbeaten run in all competitions.
AS Monaco
On 29 August 2017, Monaco announced the signing of Jovetić on a four-year contract. After the departure of Kylian Mbappé on 31 August, Jovetić was assigned number 10 shirt. In his first season with Monaco he scored 10 goals in 21 matches in all competitions, averaging just above 50 minutes per game. During that season between 10 February and 16 March 2018 he had a streak of 5 consecutive matches with goals scored, among them the only brace (two goals in a single game) of the season against Angers SCO.
Hertha BSC
On 27 July 2021, Jovetić signed for Hertha BSC on a two-year contract. When he scored against 1. FC Köln on 14 August 2021, he became the second player, after Florin Raducioiu, to score at least one league goal Europe's top five leagues.
International career
Serbia and Montenegro
Jovetić was part of the Serbia and Montenegro squad at the 2006 UEFA European Under-17 Championship. The team was eliminated in the group stage.
Montenegro
Jovetić was a founding member of the Montenegro national team which played their first game against Hungary in March 2007, and was also a regular for the Montenegro U-21 team. Jovetić scored his first international goal against the same team, netting twice in a 3–3 friendly draw with Hungary on 20 August 2008 at the Puskás Ferenc Stadion in Budapest. He scored another brace on 29 February 2012 in his first match as captain when regular skipper Mirko Vučinić began on the bench, a 2–1 friendly home victory over Iceland.
On 15 October 2013 in a qualifier for the next year's World Cup, Jovetić scored his first competitive international brace, with an equalising penalty and an added-time goal at the Podgorica City Stadium, albeit in a 2–5 defeat to Moldova.
Jovetić equalised from a penalty on 14 November 2014 to earn Montenegro a 1–1 draw against Sweden in UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying.
Style of play
A quick, strong and versatile player, Jovetić is a well-rounded forward, who is capable of playing anywhere along the front-line, and has been deployed as a main striker, as a winger, in a supporting role, or as an attacking midfielder, due to his ability to link-up with midfielders, and either score or create goals. A creative and technically gifted striker, he is also known for his dribbling skills, mobility, and pace on the ball, as well as his ability to make attacking runs towards goal from deeper positions and strike well with both feet. Despite his talent, his playing time has often been limited by several injuries. His playing style, appearance, and hairstyle led him to be compared to Roberto Baggio during his time at Fiorentina, who had also played for the club.
Personal life
Age 13, he moved from his hometown of Podgorica to Belgrade to play for FK Partizan's youth team. He stayed in Belgrade for four and a half years, and was then signed by Fiorentina (May 2008), living in Florence for 5 years until 2013, when he was signed by Manchester City.
His nickname in Montenegro is "Joveta". Fiorentina supporters gave Jovetić the nickname "Jo-Jo." His idols are former Roma forward and fellow Montenegrin international Mirko Vučinić, from whom he took the Montenegro U-21 captain's armband at the age of 17; and Andriy Shevchenko, who Jovetić emulated as a child.
He is a gamer, playing PlayStation, often with friend and former teammate Matija Nastasić. He has his left arm covered in tattoos (a "full-sleeve"). He has never consumed alcohol. His favourite team is FK Partizan. Jovetić is an Eastern Orthodox Christian.
Career statistics
Club
International
As of match played 27 March 2021. Montenegro score listed first, score column indicates score after each Jovetić goal.
Honours
Partizan
Serbian SuperLiga: 2007–08
Serbian Cup: 2007–08
Manchester City
Premier League: 2013–14
Football League Cup: 2013–14
Individual
Montenegrin Footballer of the Year: 2009, 2015
References
External links
Official website
Stevan Jovetić profile on violachannel.tv
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Podgorica
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Montenegro
Association football forwards
Serbia and Montenegro footballers
Montenegrin footballers
Montenegro youth international footballers
Montenegro under-21 international footballers
Montenegro international footballers
FK Partizan players
ACF Fiorentina players
Manchester City F.C. players
Inter Milan players
Sevilla FC players
AS Monaco FC players
Hertha BSC players
First League of Serbia and Montenegro players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Serie A players
Premier League players
La Liga players
Ligue 1 players
Bundesliga players
Montenegrin expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in England
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in Monaco
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Phoebe Hearst Elementary School is a public elementary school in the Del Cerro area of San Diego, California, under the San Diego Unified School District. It enrolls around 520 students in grades K-5.
History
The school was named after Phoebe Apperson Hearst, one of the founders of the modern Parent-Teacher Association. The school's PTA branch grew out of the Allied Gardens branch of the PTA.
The first students were admitted in February, 1958 and the school was officially dedicated in January, 1959. The 50th anniversary of the school was marked with a celebration on May 22, 2009.
Academic standards and discipline
Hearst Elementary was one of 11 San Diego Unified School District campuses honored for academic excellence by California Business for Academic Excellence, a group representing member businesses in the state. However, despite their relatively high score of 902 on California's Academic Performance Index, which assigns school a score between 200 and 1,000 points, they scored only 2 out of 10 on the "similar-schools ranking" measure, which compares institutions with similar ethnic compositions; their scores fell after the similar-schools ranking was adjusted to account for the number of students whose ethnicity was unspecified.
The school has been affected by state budget cuts, leading to shortages in basic supplies; in 2004, a local real estate company held a community fundraiser to purchase pens, pencils, markers, erasers, and scissors for the school.
In 2003, a district school board trustee criticized the school's implementation of the district zero-tolerance disciplinary policy when her nine-year-old son was suspended for one day for bringing a butter knife to school for a science experiment. A teacher reported the boy to the principal after having seen the boy showing the knife to a friend.
Environment
Traffic remains a concern in the area around the school. Various measures to ameliorate the problem have been proposed, including a student valet program, which was successfully implemented at another district school; however, the principal at Hearst declined to initiate such a program out of concerns for student safety and the desire to protect students from rude parents. The school's newspaper publishes the license plate numbers of motorists who violate double-parking laws or cause other traffic issues. Parents and administrators at the school came into conflict with San Diego State University in 2005 over the university's plans to build faculty and student housing in the area; parents claimed that the planned 540-unit development would increase the number of cars passing through the street in front of the school to an unhandleable level.
Extracurricular activities
The school's Inventor's Showcase is held annually; some inventions submitted in 2006 include a more humane mousetrap, a house key hiding place disguised as a bird-feeder, and a solar-powered dog door.
Two of their students also write movie reviews for The San Diego Union-Tribune. Other events supported by the school's PTA include a book fair and the Fall Fiesta, an annual carnival.
References
External links
Official site
Schools in San Diego
Public elementary schools in California
Educational institutions established in 1958
1958 establishments in California
Blessed Pey Berland (or Peyberland, from Pierre Berland; c. 1380 – January 1458) was the Archbishop of Bordeaux from 1430 until his abdication, during a pivotal time in the history of the city and of Gascony. During his tenure, the city of Bordeaux remained staunchly faithful to the King of England in the last phase of the Hundred Years' War, but the French took the city in 1451.
Education and early career
Berland was born in the hamlet of Saint-Raphael in the parish of Avensan in central Medoc. Though a peasant, he was educated early on by a retired local notary before moving to Bordeaux to continue his studies and enter the Church. He eventually enrolled in the University of Toulouse and received a bachelor's certificate in canon law. He was ordained at that point, though still young by the standards of the time, when most boys who entered the church put off priesthood until it was required by their office. He then caught the attention of Francesco Uguccione, the old Archbishop of Bordeaux (1384–1412), who drafted him to serve as his personal secretary.
As a secretary of an influential diplomat and cardinal, Berland travelled extensively in the early 15th century. In Autumn 1408 he accompanied Uguccione to England, where the cardinal sought to persuade the English to send a delegation to the Council of Pisa - then struggling to put an end to the Western Schism. From England, Berland and Uguccione went to Italy, and in 1410 the archbishop rewarded Berland with one of the canonries of the Cathedral of Saint-André, which included Bouliac opposite Bordeaux on the Garonne and the associate parishes of Quinsac and Lormont. In 1412 the two were in Florence when Uguccione died. Berland supervised his burial and then went on a pilgrimage to the Holy Land, before returning once more to Bordeaux.
In 1413 Berland was rewarded post mortem by his old master when Antipope John XXIII, fulfilling a request by Uguccione that "his beloved servant" Berland not be forgotten, granted the canon a prebend. He subsequently rose rapidly in the ecclesiastical ranks of Gascony and, in 1423, he was appointed by the regents of the young Henry VI to the Court of Sovereignty, a sort of appellate court, of Gascony, which sat in Bordeaux. In 1430 the archbishop David de Montferrand died and the cathedral chapter readily elected Berland to replace him, which election was unhesitatingly confirmed by Pope Martin V.
Archiepiscopate
Patronage of building and learning
As archbishop, Berland pursued several building projects. He had a new hospital constructed, dedicated to Saint Peter (Saint-Pierre) near Saint-Seurin. The bell tower built at Saint-André in 1440 is still called the Tour Pey Berland today, after its founder; it had been ordered by the chapter in 1429 but it took Berland to get construction underway. Berland was also a patron of the education in his city.
In 1441, after years of urging in the Papal curia, Bordeaux was granted its own studium generale, a precursor to the University of Bordeaux. In 1442, he founded a college in his birth town of Saint-Raphael. This college was a prototype of the later diocesan seminary and in Berland's day it trained twelve young men for the priesthood. Berland bequeathed all his books to the college and he also created a fund to help purchase books for poor students at other institutions.
A Hundred Years' War
Politically, Berland was resistant to French efforts to control Bordeaux and he strongly supported English sovereignty. While the French kings claimed ecclesiastical jurisdiction over Bordeaux by the Pragmatic Sanction of Bourges, Berland rejected it.
From 1434-51, his leadership was essential, as the mayor of the time, Gadifer Shorthose, was weak-willed and short-sighted. During that time Berland did not deem it wise to leave his diocese; rather he sent a delegation to the Council of Basel.
On 16 July 1442, Thomas Bekynton (Bishop of Bath and Wells), in the company of Robert Roos , arrived in Bordeaux as ambassadors of the English king. The next day they took letters from Henry VI promising aid, once they had had them translated, to Berland, who read them from the pulpit the next day.
The citizens were stirred to action to help defend their city while they awaited help from England. Berland travelled to England on 26 July with letters from the ambassadors. He sent his physician back to Bordeaux in October, but he remained in England for the twofold purpose of assuring the king of the loyalty of his Gascon subjects and of keeping the plight of the Bordelais on his mind.
On 1 November 1450, a day remembered as La Male Journade ("the bad day") in Bordelais history, the citizens of Bordeaux, along with English men-at-arms and Gascon knights, sallied forth to defend the city from the encroaching armies of Amanieu of Orval, Poton de Xaintrailles, and Jean Bureau.
The Gascon defenders were routed and many citizens lost heir lives. Berland is said to have retreated into his chamber for two days to pray after seeing the mass of bodies being returned to the city.
Bordeaux was forced to come to terms before a long siege began. On 12 June 1451, the Estates of Bordeaux, represented by Pey Berland, signed a treaty with the French, represented by Xaintrailles.
On 30 June 1451, at a ceremony held in the cathedral, Pey Berland and the leading men of Bordeaux swore oaths of fealty to Charles VII of France and so the French, led by Dunois, in return recognised the privileges of Bordeaux.
Relationship with the French
It is likely that the French pressured Berland to renounce his bishopric in order that they could fill it with a more amenable Frenchman. On 7 December 1451, he made a public protest at the acts of the commission of the French seneschal of Guyenne. He ordered the commissary, Georges de Bassac, not to hold any further audiences under pain of excommunication or, probably worse, a fine.
On 7 July 1452, Berland took an oath at the altar of his church that he would never abandon or renounce his archbishopric and wished to die an archbishop. Nevertheless, he refrained from any anti-French activities for the duration of his episcopate and honoured his oath of 1451.
In September 1456, Pey Berland finally did retire from his archdiocese. He moved to his hometown of Saint-Raphael, at the college he had founded there, and where he died in January 1458.
References
Sources
Labarge, Margaret Wade. Gascony, England's First Colony 1204–1453. London: Hamish Hamilton, 1980.
Vale, M. G. A. "The Last Years of English Gascony, 1451–1453: The Alexander Prize Essay." Transactions of the Royal Historical Society, 5th Ser., Vol. 19. (1969), pp. 119–138.
1380 births
1458 deaths
Gascons
Archbishops of Bordeaux
People of the Hundred Years' War
15th-century French Roman Catholic bishops
15th-century Christian saints
Medieval English saints
People from Gironde
Sphephelo S'Miso "Yaya" Sithole (born 3 March 1999) is a South African professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Belenenses SAD.
Professional career
Sithole made his professional debut with Belenenses SAD in a 1–1 Primeira Liga tie with S.C. Braga on 15 July 2020.
References
External links
Fora de Jogo Profile
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Durban
South African soccer players
Association football defenders
Belenenses SAD players
Primeira Liga players
Campeonato de Portugal (league) players
South African expatriate soccer players
South African expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Leandro Antonio da Silva known as Tigrão (born July 6, 1982 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He spent one season in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nürnberg.
External links
CBF
Living people
1982 births
Association football defenders
Brazilian footballers
América Futebol Clube (MG) players
1. FC Nürnberg players
Odds BK players
Americano Futebol Clube players
Bundesliga players
Eliteserien players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Eurobounds is the second home video released by the Japanese heavy metal band Loudness. It was released on BETA, VHS, Laserdisc and VHD formats in 1984. This release documented the first European tour of the band, with footage from concerts in England, Holland, Belgium and West Germany. Columbia Records remastered the video and re-released it in DVD format in 2000. A live album with the sound track of the DVD was also released in 2000, with the same cover art of the DVD.
CD track listing
All tracks by Minoru Niihara & Akira Takasaki
"Crazy Doctor" – 4:17
"Lonely Player" – 5:02
"Milky Way" – 4:20
"Dream Fantasy" – 4:43
"In The Mirror" – 3:49
"Esper" – 4:24
"Speed" – 7:28
"Loudness" – 4:31
Personnel
Loudness
Minoru Niihara - vocals
Masayoshi Yamashita - bass
Munetaka Higuchi - drums
Akira Takasaki - guitars
References
2000 live albums
Loudness (band) live albums
2000 video albums
1984 video albums
Loudness (band) video albums
Live video albums
1984 live albums
Columbia Records live albums
Columbia Records video albums
Ange de Nivelles or François Saceius (active 1603–1632) was a Capuchin friar, religious leader, and spiritual author in the Habsburg Netherlands.
Life
François Saceius was born in Nivelles around 1581, the son of Pierre Saceius and Jeanne Dufour. He was professed in the Capuchin Order in Brussels on 11 November 1603, taking the religious name Ange. He received minor orders in Brussels on 12 March 1604. In 1611 he was in Aire-sur-la-Lys and in 1632 was preacher in Huy. Ange organised a new congregation of the Third Order of Saint Francis in Armentières, the Bons-Fieux, whose rule was approved by Paul Boudot, Bishop of Arras, in 1627. This congregation later had communities in Arras, Lille, Ypres and a number of other towns.
Writings
Traicté spirituel de l'excellente dignité, valeur & bonheur de l'estat devot des filles et vefves spirituelles, dites filles de Sion (1625); the first book known to have been printed in Kortrijk.
References
16th-century births
17th-century deaths
People from Nivelles
Capuchins
Maiquetía is a city located in the Central Region of Venezuela, in the state of Vargas. It is at approximately 19 m above sea level on a small shelf between the Caribbean and the mountains behind it. Caracas, the Venezuelan capital, is approximately 37 km to the southeast.
Maiquetía is mainly a commercial center. The historic center has many narrow streets lined with stores and a market. The main road in this part of the city is the Avenida Carlos Soublette. The recent geopolitical divisions in Vargas make Maiquetía no longer include the Simón Bolívar International Airport, the most important one in the country and the commercial airport serving Caracas. Conviasa, the Venezuelan flag carrier airline, is headquartered in the city. Even though the airport is now in the state of Vargas, it has kept the name Maiquetía, which cause some confusion among locals and foreigners alike.
The city forms a conurbation with La Guaira with which it is linked via Avenida Soublette. Given its proximity to Caracas and seafront location, it offers an optimal location for some hotels.
Maiquetía suffered the devastating effects of torrential rains and mudslides during the 1999 Vargas tragedy.
Climate
Maiquetía has a tropical savannah climate (Aw) with hot, humid days and warm nights year round.
Sports
The city is home to the basketball team Bucaneros de La Guaira. The team plays its home games at the Polideportivo José María Vargas.
References
External links
Cities in Vargas (state)
Populated places established in 1670
1670 establishments in the Spanish Empire
The Oncofertility Consortium is an international, multi-institutional group that assesses the impact of cancer and its treatment on reproductive health. Founded by Dr. Teresa Woodruff in 2007, its primary mission is to expand fertility options for cancer survivors. It has since expanded this mission to include non-oncologic conditions that affect fertility, including differences of sex development, gender-affirming treatment, and transfusion-dependent thalassemia.
The term oncofertility refers to an interdisciplinary field that bridges oncology, reproduction, and women's health research for the purpose of exploring and expanding options for the reproductive future of cancer patients. Clinical care for such patients may include fertility preservation prior to medical interventions as well as family planning, complex contraception, and hormonal management across the cancer survivor's lifespan. The term was coined in 2006 by Dr. Woodruff, at the Feinberg School of Medicine (Northwestern University). Woodruff is the Thomas J. Watkins Professor of Obstetrics and Gynecology at Feinberg.
History
Cancer research has blossomed significantly since the signing of the National Cancer Act in 1971. With greater support for clinical and basic science research in cancer detection, diagnosis, and treatment, which was conducted by the newly developed National Cancer Institute (NCI), cancer survival rates rose rapidly. Currently, 75% of pediatric cancer patients survive. Thus, support for the NCI and its affiliates has greatly improved the quality of life for a large number of cancer patients.
However, despite new hope for survival, many men, women, and children diagnosed with cancer experience impaired reproductive function as a result of the rigorous therapies they undergo as part of their cancer treatment and, thus, face unique challenges in planning their lives after cancer.
Research
The development of Oncofertility has been expedited in response to the increasing number of cancer survivors facing infertility after cancer treatment. To support the initiative to understand the risk of cancer therapies to reproductive health and to develop fertility-preserving options for new patients, the National Institutes of Health (NIH) has just awarded a 21 million dollar grant devoted to Oncofertility research. It will fund the development of fertility-saving medical techniques, such as ovarian tissue cryopreservation, and will help launch the first comprehensive investigation into the social considerations of fertility after cancer today.
Oncofertility Consortium
At the core of this new program is the Oncofertility Consortium, a multi-institutional project to assess the impact of cancer and its treatment on reproductive health. The Consortium brings together biomedical and social scientists, oncologists, pediatricians, engineers, educators, social workers, medical ethicists and more from Northwestern, the University of California-San Diego, University of Pennsylvania, University of Missouri and Oregon Health & Science University, as well as numerous satellite institutions. This team of specialists is engaged in a thorough examination of the scientific, medical, psychological, legal and ethical issues surrounding infertility and cancer, with the goal of providing better cancer care and fertility options in the future.
Young Women in Cancer Research Oncofertility Academy
The Young Women in Cancer Research Oncofertility Academy is an education program for girls that teaches the various disciplines associated with oncofertility. It is in session for two days a week over a course of six weeks in the summer. The students are chosen through BEWiSE (Better Education for Women in Science and Engineering), a program of the San Diego Science Alliance (SDSA). Only twelve girls are selected, and they must be heading into either their sophomore or junior year in high school. The girls learn from various doctors and scientists during the Saturday Sessions, and discuss and read articles during the Wednesday sessions.
Oncofertility Saturday Academy
Oncofertility Saturday Academy (OSA) is a science program designed to engage a diverse population of high school girls from Chicago and San Diego to explore the basic science, clinical applications, and career options in reproductive science, cancer biology, and oncofertility. OSA was initiated in 2007 by the Northwestern University and Young Women's Leadership Charter School (YWLCS) of Chicago Science Partnership. OSA consists of seven modules that navigate the high school girls to authentically experience the translational nature of science.
References
External links
More information on Oncofertility can be found at:
http://oncofertility.northwestern.edu
http://myoncofertility.org
http://fertilitypreservation.org
http://www.medschool.northwestern.edu/newsworthy/past-years/2007/2007D-September/oncofertility.html
http://ucsdnews.ucsd.edu/newsrel/health/10-0721MillionToPreserveFertilityJC-.asp
http://www.ohsu.edu/ohsuedu/newspub/releases/091107fertility.cfm
http://pennhealth.com/obgyn/gynonc_news/fall07/oncofertility.html
http://whsp.northwestern.edu/osa/about-osa
Cancer organizations based in the United States
Fertility
Medical and health organizations based in Illinois
Oskar Pfungst (21 April 1874 – 14 August 1932) was a German comparative biologist and psychologist. While working as a volunteer assistant in the laboratory of Carl Stumpf in Berlin, Pfungst was asked to investigate the horse known as Clever Hans, who could apparently solve a wide array of arithmetic problems set to it by its owner. After formal investigation in 1907, Pfungst demonstrated that the horse was not actually performing intellectual tasks, but was watching the reaction of his human observers. Pfungst discovered this artifact in the research methodology, wherein the horse was responding directly to involuntary clues in the body language of the human trainer, who had the faculties to solve each problem. The trainer was entirely unaware that he was providing such clues.
In honour of Pfungst's study, the anomalous artifact has since been referred to as the Clever Hans effect and has continued to be important knowledge in the observer effect and later studies in animal cognition.
Pfungst never earned an advanced academic degree, though he later received an honorary MD from the University Frankfurt, where he lectured. According to Zusne (1984), Pfungst published only "about fifteen titles" in his career.
References
Zusne, L. (1984). Biographical Dictionary of Psychology. Greenwood Press.
External links
1874 births
1933 deaths
German psychologists
Maria Aleksandrovna Kozhevnikova (; born November 14, 1984) is a Russian actress and a politician.
She was voted the hottest woman in Russia in November 2011. She was a Deputy of the State Duma of the Russian Federation (2011–2016).
Early life
Kozhevnikova was born at November 14, 1984 in the family of a Soviet hockey player, two-time Olympic champion, Merited Master of Sports Alexander Kozhevnikov and English teacher Margarita Kozhevnikova.
Grandfather - Major General, participant of the Great Patriotic War Valentin Nikolaevich Trofimov (1923-2013).
Maria has a brother and a sister.
She is the "Master of Sports" in rhythmic gymnastics, champion of Moscow. Graduated from the RATI-GITIS in 2006.
In 2001, when Maria was only a teenager, she starred in the video for the song "You Will Become An Adult" by the Lyceum group. In 2002, Kozhevnikova chose RATI-GITIS to participate in the Love Stories music group. In 2005, while studying at the institute, she began her career as an actress, participating in extras and playing secondary roles.
She is known for her role in the Russian TV series "Univer".
In September 2009, The Playboy magazine published eight photographs of Maria, in five of which she is completely naked.
Personal life
At the end of August 2013, Kozhevnikova and her boyfriend at the time, businessman Yevgeny Vasilyev, got married in St. Nicholas Cathedral in Nice, France. The official registration of the marriage did not take place, which means that they are not officially married at the moment.
Kozhevnikova has three children, all of them are boys.
Filmography
Films
TV series
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Russian film actresses
Russian television actresses
21st-century Russian actresses
Actresses from Moscow
Russian Academy of Theatre Arts alumni
Russian television presenters
United Russia politicians
21st-century Russian politicians
Russian actor-politicians
Russian women television presenters
Sixth convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
The elegant crested tinamou or martineta tinamou (Eudromia elegans) is a medium-sized tinamou that can be found in southern Chile and Argentina in Shrubland. The bird has an omnivorous diet. This species is terrestrial due to their poor flying ability.
Description
The elegant-crested tinamou is a partridge-like shaped bird with rounded wings. The bird is an olive-brown color with the plumage being mainly black and white vermiculations. The bird has a long off-white stripe that starts above the eye and continues down the side of the neck. The beak is short, comes to a sharp upright point. The species legs and feet are short and strong, built for running. Both of those features have a whitish-grey coloring. The elegant-crested tinamou averages 39 to 41 cm (15–16 in) long. They can be found in flocks of about 5-10 birds, and are often detected by whistle calls.
Habitat
The elegant crested tinamou avoids tall and dense grasses and very thick stands of brush. Ideal environments include dry arid grasslands, open thicket, dry savanna, exposed hills with outlying patches of bushes, and cultivated farmlands. This bird is found in higher elevations(2,500 m (8,200 ft)) and found all the way down to sea level. They live throughout Argentina and Chile.
Diet and Foraging
While the elegant crested tinamou is classified as omnivorous, their diet varies depending on the season. During winter their diet consists of plant grain, fruits, leaves, and buds, However, in the summer they eat an abundant amount of insects that inhabit the area. When searching for food they cover large distances unless the food is plentiful, they will stay in that same area.
Behavior
The crested-tinamou is very terrestrial, it often runs and walks on the ground, unlike other birds. They spend the night at regular roost-sites. To clean, they perform regular dust-bathing in order to remove parasites from their plumage. In case of being hunted the birds are extremely wary. When one is alarmed they stand very tall to look for the source of danger then retreat to cover; they either hide behind vegetation or flatten themselves on the ground and bow their head down to feet level. The call they use is a loud sad whistle.
Breeding
The nest is a hollow on the ground formed by both birds and situated close to a low bush. Only the male provides parental care, incubates the eggs, and raises the young. When the young chicks hatch, they are down-covered and can run. They leave the nest almost immediately, but remain with the male for a certain period of time, becoming independent by three to four months of age. The tinamou, unlike others, flocks regularly, especially in winter.
Flight
The elegant crested tinamou can fly short distances, but they are not adequately built to fly. They can only fly about 500 meters, before landing again. In areas where there are very few obstacles, they glide with interspersed flaps, recalling partridges. Due to the short wings and tail, if the bird loses control at take-off, it may fly into obstacles such as branches, wires, or walls, which can have fatal consequences.
Migration
The elegant crested tinamou stays stationary in its range, during winter they move in groups and cover large territories in the search for food.
Etymology
Eudromia comes from two Greek words, eu meaning well or nicely, and dromos meaning a running escape. These definitions together mean, nice running escape, which refers to their habit of escaping predators by running. Finally, elegans means neat or elegant, and martinete is Spanish for night heron because its elegant crest is reminiscent of a night heron's crest.
Taxonomy
All tinamous are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Isidore Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire first identified the elegant crested tinamou from a specimen from South America, in 1832.
Subspecies
E. e. elegans, the nominate race, occurs in central Argentina; Neuquén and Rio Negro Provinces
E. e. intermedia occurs in the Andes of northwestern Argentina; Salta and Catamarca Provinces
E. e. magnistriata occurs in the Andes of northwestern Argentina; Tucumán and northern Córdoba Provinces
E. e. riojana occurs in the Andes of northwestern Argentina; La Rioja and San Juan Provinces
E. e. albida occurs in the dry savannah of western Argentina, in San Juan Province
E. e. devia occurs at the base of the Andes in southwestern Argentina in Neuquén Province
E. e. patagonica occurs in southern Argentina; Neuquén, Rio Negro, Chubut, and Santa Cruz Provinces and adjacent southern Chile; Biobío to Magallanes y la Antártica Chilena Provinces
E. e. numida occurs in dry grasslands of central Argentina
E. e. wetmorei occurs in the Andean foothills of north central Mendoza Province, western Argentina
Conservation
Although this species is heavily hunted for food and sport, the elegant crested tinamou is not uncommon and has a large range of . It is evaluated as Least Concern of the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Their predators include skunks, foxes, wild cats, and raptors, such as the red-backed hawk.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet
elegant crested tinamou
elegant crested tinamou
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Patagonia
elegant crested tinamou
Târgu Mureș Transilvania Airport (; ) is an international airport located southwest of Târgu Mureș, Mureș County, in central Romania. Until May 2006, the official name was Târgu Mureș Vidrasău Airport (for the village outside of Târgu Mureș where it is located).
History
Opened in 1936, Târgu Mureș's first airport was built 2.5 kilometers away from the city centre. The airport was rebuilt in its current location in the 1960s, and inaugurated in 1969.
After 2000, the airport has undergone extensive renovation. In October 2005 a new international terminal was opened and Category II instrument landing system was installed, allowing the handling of flights 24 hours a day.
In December 2016, the county council administrator started a new modernization program. The project involved the refurbishment of the runway and the apron (an estimated RON77 million investment). The auction was won by the Porr-Geiger Association, while construction began in early October 2017 and ended in June 2018. On 25 June 2018, the new runway went into operation.
Airlines and destinations
The following airlines operate regular scheduled and charter flights at Târgu Mureș Airport:
Statistics
See also
List of the busiest airports in Romania
List of airports in Romania
Aviation in Romania
Transport in Romania
References
External links
Official website
Google Maps - Aerial View
Târgu Mureș
Airport, Targu Mures
Airports in Romania
Airports established in 1969
1969 establishments in Romania
Carbon County is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 10,473. Its county seat is Red Lodge.
Carbon County is part of the Billings, MT Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Carbon County was named for the rich coal deposits found in the area. It was organized on March 4, 1895, from portions of Park and Yellowstone counties.
Land from Park and Yellowstone counties was used to form Carbon County on March 4, 1895. More than sixty federally designated historic sites are located in the county, including Petroglyph Canyon, one of the state's most important rock art sites.
The first commercial oil well in the state was established in Elk Basin fields in 1915.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
Granite Peak, the state's highest mountain, is found in Carbon County's Beartooth Mountains. The Beartooth Highway, one of the "most spectacular alpine highways", links Red Lodge to Cooke City. The Pryor Mountains are in the east of the county, along with the Big Horn River.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 212
U.S. Highway 310
Montana Highway 72
Montana Highway 78
Adjacent counties
Park County - west
Stillwater County - north
Yellowstone County - northeast
Big Horn County - east
Big Horn County, Wyoming - southeast
Park County, Wyoming - south
National protected areas
Bighorn Canyon National Recreation Area (part)
Custer National Forest (part)
Gallatin National Forest (part)
Politics
Carbon County has voted Republican in every presidential election since 1968.
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States census, there were 9,552 people, 4,065 households, and 2,707 families living in the county. The population density was 5 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 5,494 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.07% White, 0.25% Black or African American, 0.68% Native American, 0.36% Asian, 0.65% from other races, and 0.99% from two or more races. 1.77% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 28.8% were of German, 11.5% English, 9.2% Irish, 8.9% Norwegian, 5.9% American and 5.2% Italian ancestry.
There were 4,065 households, out of which 28.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.70% were married couples living together, 6.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.40% were non-families. 28.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.86.
The county population contained 24.00% under the age of 18, 5.70% from 18 to 24, 26.10% from 25 to 44, 27.30% from 45 to 64, and 16.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,139, and the median income for a family was $38,405. Males had a median income of $30,226 versus $19,945 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,204. About 8.20% of families and 11.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.30% of those under age 18 and 8.80% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 10,078 people, 4,571 households, and 2,884 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 6,441 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.2% white, 0.8% American Indian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.4% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 32.3% were German, 16.2% were Irish, 14.5% were English, 12.6% were American, and 6.6% were Norwegian.
Of the 4,571 households, 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were married couples living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 36.9% were non-families, and 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.74. The median age was 48.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $49,010 and the median income for a family was $59,823. Males had a median income of $41,241 versus $26,150 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,983. About 8.1% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.1% of those under age 18 and 11.1% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
During the early history of Carbon County, coal mining was the predominant industry. The current economy relies on agriculture, recreation, and tourism.
In 2009 the top employers were Beartooth Hospital & Health Center, Red Lodge Mountain, and the Red Lodge Pizza Company.
In December 2014, construction began on a large windfarm, Mud Springs Wind Ranch, with 120 wind turbines, 12 miles (19 km) southeast of Bridger.
Communities
City
Red Lodge (county seat)
Towns
Bearcreek
Bridger
Fromberg
Joliet
Census-designated places
Belfry
Boyd
Edgar
Fox
Luther (originally Linley)
Montaqua
Roberts
Rockvale
Roscoe (originally Morris)
Silesia
Unincorporated communities
Alpine
Bowler
George Place
Peterson Place
Richel Lodge
Selmes
Warren
Washoe
Former communities
Carbonado
Chance
Chickentown
Fairbanks
Gebo (originally Coalville)
Golden
International
New Caledonia
Riverview
Scotch Coulee
Stringtown
See also
List of lakes in Carbon County, Montana
List of mountains in Carbon County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Carbon County, Montana
References
External links
County government website
Homepage of the Carbon County News
Carbon County Sheriff's Office
Billings metropolitan area
1895 establishments in Montana
Populated places established in 1895
Ada Hayden (14 August 1884 – 12 August 1950) was an American botanist, educator, and preservationist. She was the curator of the Iowa State University Herbarium, which was renamed the Ada Hayden Herbarium (ISC) in her honour in 1988. During her career, she added more than 40,000 specimens to the herbarium. Her studies and conservation work were particularly important in ensuring the preservation of the tallgrass prairie.
The Hayden Prairie State Preserve, the first area dedicated as a preserve under Iowa's State Preserves Act of 1965, is named in her honor. Also named in her honor is the Ada Hayden Heritage Park in Ames, Iowa.
Childhood and education
Ada Hayden was born 14 August 1884 near Ames, Iowa to Maitland David Hayden and Christine Hayden. While still in high school, Louis Hermann Pammel became her mentor. She earned a bachelor's degree from Iowa State College in 1908, studying botany, a master's degree from Washington University in St. Louis in 1910, and a Ph.D. from Iowa State in 1918. She was the first woman and fourth person to receive a doctorate from Iowa State College.
Career
Hayden taught botany as an instructor at Iowa State beginning in 1911, and continued in this role until she earned her doctoral degree. She became an assistant professor of botany in 1920, and a research assistant professor at the Agricultural Experimental Station (Lakes Region) and curator of the herbarium in 1934. She worked closely with Louis Pammel and Charlotte King, contributing to The Weed Flora of Iowa (1926) and Honey Plants of Iowa (1930).
She concentrated on prairie plants of the lakes region, and is credited with "possibly the best published native flora survey… of any part of Iowa". She was an early advocate of prairie preservation, writing and speaking in its support. In 1944, she and J. M. Aikman released a report identifying possible areas of preservable prairie in Iowa and Hayden became director of the "Prairie Project". She systematically developed a database of information relevant for decisions about land acquisition, working with the State Conservation Commission (SCC) to purchase areas of relict prairie.
She was an active member of the Ecological Society of America for many years.
Ada Hayden died of cancer in 1950, at age 65.
References
External links
Ada Hayden Papers at Iowa State University Library.
"Botanist, Basketball Player, and Budding Conservationist: Ada Hayden's Student Years at Iowa State"
Ada Hayden Digital Collection at Iowa State University Library
American ecologists
Women ecologists
1884 births
1950 deaths
American women botanists
Scientists from Iowa
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
Deaths from cancer in Iowa
20th-century American botanists
20th-century American women scientists
American women curators
American curators
Doménica Cristina Tabacchi Rendón (born February 21, 1973) is an Ecuadorian journalist and politician. She currently serves as Vice mayor of Guayaquil, which is Ecuador's largest city, being the first woman ever to obtain the charge. Nathalie Viteri, who became a delegate to the National Assembly, worked in the mayor's office. She was Tabacchi's alternate councilor.
References
1973 births
Ecuadorian journalists
Ecuadorian women in politics
Living people
People from Guayaquil
Ecuadorian women journalists
21st-century Ecuadorian women politicians
Oscar Parmenas "Paddy" Lambert (October 25, 1890 – May 27, 1970) was an American football, basketball, baseball, table tennis, and chess player. He played college football for West Virginia Wesleyan College from 1912 to 1913 and was captain of the school's 1913 football team. He also played at first base for the West Virginia Wesleyan baseball team. While attending law school at the University of Michigan, he played for the 1917 Michigan Wolverines football team and was selected as a second-team All-American and a first-team All-Western player. Lambert later practiced as a lawyer in Ohio.
Early years
Lambert was born in Pennsboro, West Virginia in 1890. He was the son of Isaac H. Lambert (born May 1847) and Mary A. Lambert (born March 1853). At the time of the 1900 Census, Lambert was living with his parents and two older brothers on a farm in Clay, West Virginia. In 1910, he was living in Clay, West Virginia, with his mother and one older brother (a brakeman for the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad).
West Virginia Wesleyan
Lambert attended West Virginia Wesleyan College in Buckhannon, West Virginia. Between 1912 and 1914, he played first base for the school's baseball team and center for the football team. College and Pro Football Hall of Fame inductee Greasy Neale was Lambert's teammate on the West Virginia Wesleyan football and baseball teams.
In 1912, the West Virginia Wesleyan football team, with Lambert and Neale in the lineup, compiled a perfect 8–0 record and outscored opponents 380 to 14. Seven of the eight games were shutouts, including a 59–0 victory over the Marshall Thundering Herd, a 103–0 victory over Davis & Elkins College, and a 95–0 victory over Fairmont State. The only team to score on the 1912 Wesleyan team was West Virginia, a game Wesleyan won by a score of 19–14.
At the end of the 1912 season, Lambert was elected as the captain of the 1913 team. In 1913, the Wesleyan team defeated West Virginia (21–0), Marshall (13-0) and Georgetown (16–6), but lost games against college football powerhouses, including a Carlisle Indians team coached by Pop Warner and a Washington & Jefferson Presidents that was ranked as one of the new "Big 4 of College Football."
There are some sources indicating that Lambert may have also played football for Marshall College and West Virginia. A September 1915 article in The Sun of Baltimore noted that "Paddie Lambert, the old Marshall College star, has made himself solid at centre" for the West Virginia Mountaineers. Additionally, West Virginia's list of football letterman indicates that Oscar Lambert from Charleston, West Virginia played at center for the Mountaineers in 1915. Further, the roster for the 1917 Michigan Wolverines football team refers to Lambert as having previously attended Marshall College.
Lambert may have also played baseball in the Cleveland Amateur Association League for a portion of the summer of 1916, before returning to West Virginia in mid-June.
University of Michigan
After attending college in West Virginia, Lambert attended the University of Michigan Law School. He was president of the law school class of 1919. Lambert was often referred to by the nickname "Paddy" while attending Michigan.
With Lambert's enrollment at Michigan, the press anticipated that he would play for Fielding H. Yost's Michigan Wolverines football team. The Boston Evening Transcript wrote about the prospects for Michigan's 1915 football team: "It will be necessary to develop a new centre, and for this post there is Lambert, a new-comer to Ann Arbor from Wesleyan University of West Virginia, where he made an enviable reputation." Although he played for Michigan's All-Freshman team in 1915, Lambert did not play varsity football at Michigan until 1917.
At the start of the 1917 football season, Michigan's football coach, Fielding H. Yost, had only four veterans returning from the 1916 team. He found Lambert among the university's law students. The Michigan Alumnus noted: "He dug up Lambert and made him report." Another press report noted that Lambert, who had played on the All-Freshman team in 1915, was a surprise addition to the team in mid-October: "Lambert played at West Virginia several years ago and was a member of the All-Fresh in 1915. He did not play on the varsity this fall and has been in a uniform only a little over a week. He is light, but an accurate passer and a fighter." Lambert was reportedly the lightest man on the 1917 Michigan Wolverines football team at 160 pounds.
Yost did not play Lambert until the season's fourth game against the University of Detroit on October 17, 1917. Lambert had a strong showing in his first game for Michigan. The University of Michigan yearbook reported on his performance against Detroit: "The West Virginian managed to make about 50 percent of the tackles and would have made more but for the fact that the rest of the players got jealous and started to work." The same publication noted that Michigan's game with Cornell (a 42–0 win) found "Weston [Michigan's quarterback) and Lambert feeling like the historical million dollars." The Detroit Free Press credited Lambert with "opening inviting holes" for Michigan's backs in the Cornell game.
Prior to the final game of the 1917 season against Northwestern, Lambert, Archie Weston and two other Michigan players were declared ineligible. In Lambert's case, the ruling was due to a Western Conference rule limiting players to three years of varsity sport, which Lambert had used while at West Virginia Wesleyan. The Michiganensian noted: "Several little matters, like Conference rules and studies, kept several Michiganders out of the Northwestern fray ... It was decided that Lambert had played enough football, although he was ranking high in his studies." The Michigan Alumnus noted: "Since Weston had gained about 75 percent of the ground gained by Michigan this fall, and Lambert had secured nearly 90 percent of the tackles made by the defense, the loss of these men was a serious blow." On losing to Northwestern without Lambert in the lineup, Coach Yost complained that "the defense was in the law library."
At the end of the 1917 football season, Lambert was selected as a second-team All-American by Walter Eckersall of the Chicago Tribune. Eckersall also placed Lambert on his All-Western team.
While attending Michigan, Lambert was also a member of the Griffins, the Archons, the Barristers, Sigma Chi, Phi Delta Phi, and Michigamua. He was also chosen to serve as a student member of the university's Board in Control of Athletics for the year 1918–19.
Later years
After graduating from Michigan, Lambert practiced law in Ohio. At the time of the 1930 Census, he was living in Youngstown, Ohio and working as an attorney for a steel corporation. In his later years, Lambert lived and practiced law in Cleveland, Ohio. In his draft registration card completed following the U.S. entry into World War II, Lambert indicated that he was living in Cleveland and self-employed. Lambert never married and died in 1970 at St. Luke's Hospital in Cleveland; he was a resident of Lakewood, Ohio at the time of his death.
References
American football centers
Michigan Wolverines football players
University of Michigan Law School alumni
Ohio lawyers
People from Clay, West Virginia
People from Lakewood, Ohio
People from Pennsboro, West Virginia
Players of American football from West Virginia
West Virginia Wesleyan Bobcats football players
1890 births
1970 deaths
People from Youngstown, Ohio
20th-century American lawyers
The black-breasted myzomela or red-rumped myzomela (Myzomela vulnerata) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is found on Timor island.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
References
red-breasted myzomela
Birds of Timor
red-breasted myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kalateh-ye Hajji Shir Mohammad (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājjī Shīr Moḩammad; also known as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājj Shīr Moḩammad) is a village in Ghazali Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 5 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Warwick Hutton (17 July 1939 – 28 September 1994) was a British painter, glass engraver, illustrator, and children's author.
He is most widely known for elegant pen and ink and watercolor illustrations for children's books. His subjects were Biblical, folk, and mythological stories which Hutton retold, such as Noah and the Great Flood, The Nose Tree, and Theseus and the Minotaur. He also worked with texts by Hans Christian Andersen (The Tinderbox) and with retellings of traditional stories by author Susan Cooper (The Silver Cow, The Selkie Girl, Tam Lin).
The Nose Tree and Jonah and the Big Fish were chosen for the New York Times's annual list of best-illustrated children's books. Jonah and the Great Fish was also the recipient of the 1984 Boston Globe-Horn Book Award for Best Picture Book.
Hutton died of cancer on 28 September 1994 in Cambridge, England.
His parents were immigrants from New Zealand; his father was the artist and glass engraver John Hutton and his mother was also a modern artist, called Helen Blair.
References
Julie Cummins. Children's book illustration and design, Volume 1 (Library of Applied Design, PBC International, 1992) p76.
Anita Silvey. Children's books and their creators (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 1995) pp. 336–7.
External links
20th-century English painters
English male painters
English illustrators
English watercolourists
English children's writers
British children's book illustrators
1939 births
1994 deaths
Glass engravers
Place of birth missing
20th-century English male artists
British glass artists
Liliana Zagacka (born January 28, 1977 in Góra Śląska) is a Polish triple jumper.
She finished ninth in long jump at the 2002 European Championships. She also competed at the 2001 World Championships and the 2004 Olympic Games without reaching the finals.
Her personal best jump is 14.22 metres, achieved in July 2001 in Biała Podlaska. This was the Polish record until 2010.
Competition record
References
1977 births
Living people
Polish female triple jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Poland
People from Góra
Sportspeople from Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Monte Penello is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Apennines. It is located in the province of Genoa. It lies at an altitude of 995 metres.
Hiking
The summit can be reached from the Alta Via dei Monti Liguri following a brief connection foothpath.
References
Mountains of Liguria
Mountains under 1000 metres
Mountains of the Apennines
Kheyrabad (, also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 154, in 39 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Wout Neelen (born on 20 October 2000) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a centre-back for ASWH. He has also played as midfielder.
Club career
Wout Neelen played in the youth of RKSV Cluzona and NAC Breda. In 2019 he made the switch to Jong NAC, and was occasionally in the selection of the first squad.
Neelen made his senior squad debut on 8 March 2020, in a 4–1 home win against Roda JC Kerkrade. He came on in the 90+1 minute for Jan Paul van Hecke. In June 2020 he signed his first professional contract. On 11 March 2022, Neelen played his first full game in the Eerste Divisie against De Graafschap. NAC won this game 2–0.
Later in 2022 he was released from NAC Breda and signed with ASWH.
References
2000 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
ASWH players
NAC Breda players
Sportspeople from Roosendaal
Footballers from North Brabant
Association football defenders
The A8 is a national road in Latvia connecting Riga to Lithuanian border (Meitene), through Jelgava, also known as Jelgava highway in Latvia. The road is part of European route E77 and Latvian TEN-T road network. After the border, the road turns into Lithuanian A12. The length of A8 in Latvian territory is 76 kilometers. Currently A8 has 2x2 lanes until Jelgava bypass, other parts have 1x1 or 2x1 lanes. The current speed limit is 100 km/h. Plans to reconstruct A8 in to an motorway have been many. First, in 2004, then in 2010, but they never started due to financial reasons. In the recent years A8 has been reconstructed in many stretches. The average AADT on A8 in 2015 was 13,711 cars per day.
A08
Long Yunzhou (born 15 March 1962) is a Chinese biathlete. He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Chinese male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of China
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Apprenticeships and Skills (also known as Apprenticeships and Skills Minister) is a junior ministerial position in the Department for Education in the British government. It is held by Alex Burghart MP, who took office on 17 September 2021, until his resignation on 6 July 2022.
Responsibilities
The minister is responsible for the following:
Strategy for post-16 education (jointly with Minister of State for Universities)
Technical education and skills including T Levels and qualifications review
Apprenticeships including traineeships
Further education workforce
Further education provider market including quality and improvement and further education efficiency
Adult education, including the National Retraining Scheme and basic skills
Institutes of Technology and National Colleges
Reducing the number of young people who are not in education, employment or training
Careers education, information and guidance including the Careers and Enterprise Company
Coronavirus (COVID-19) response for further education services
List of ministers
Kevin Brennan (Minister of State for Further Education, Skills, Apprenticeships and Consumer Affairs)
John Hayes (Minister of State for Further Education, Skills and Lifelong Learning)
Matt Hancock (Minister of State for Skills and Enterprise)
Nick Boles (Minister of State for Skills)
Robert Halfon (Minister of State for Skills)
Anne Milton (Minister of State for Skills and Apprenticeships)
Gillian Keegan (Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Apprenticeships and Skills)
Alex Burghart (Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Apprenticeships and Skills)
Notes
References
Education in the United Kingdom
Department for Education
Education ministers of the United Kingdom
Burjorji Jamaspji Padshah (7 May 1864 - 20 June 1941) was a Parsi educationist and scholar who was involved in the establishment of several institutions while working with Jamsetji Tata and later his sons Dorab and Ratan Tata. These included the Tata Iron and Steel plant, the Indian Institute of Science, New India Assurance and Tata Oil Mills. He was also for sometime a Theosophist.
Life and work
Padshah was born in Bombay, the fourth son of Jamaspji Padshah from Navsari, a close friend of Jamsetji Tata who ran several businesses including a horse stable at Byculla. Tata's daughter Dhunbai was even expected to marry Padshah but she died in 1871. After the death of his father in 1880, Padshah took over charge of the family business. He graduated from Elphinstone College in 1884 with a Cobden Medal in Political Economy. Not aspiring to follow a career in the civil services as sought by his mother, he took an interest in theosophy, joining the movement in 1883. He travelled to Europe with Mohini Mohun Chatterji and Krishnamachari (Babaji) for study but he gave up theosophy after the publication of the Hodgson Report. He then studied mathematics at Cambridge and also economics under Henry Sidgwick. Padshah returned to India and became a vice-principal at the Sindh Arts College. A promotion was however denied as an Englishman was favoured. He was then offered a manager position at the Swadeshi Mill founded by Jamsetji Tata. He notes then that he had to decline the offer and reveal to Tata, the sympathies he had for workers and their strikes. Tata then began to have regular discussions with him on various matters of education. Tata had him sent on a world tour in 1896 to examine research institutions to establish an Indian University of Research. This also involved industrial aims like the manufacture of steel. This resulted in a pamphlet An Institute of Scientific Research for India (1898). Padshah corresponded widely with contemporary thinkers and leaders.
Padshah was involved in the establishment of Tata's iron and steel plant. They saw the need for trained people. Tata initially had scholarships for Indian students to train abroad. This was followed by the establishment of the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore. He however clashed in his visions with the ideas of the first director Morris Travers. He was also involved in Tata's vision for industrial training and believed the main industries to focus on where metallurgy, chemical, electrical power, mining, civil engineering, medicine and pharmacy, paper and brick making. Another of his aims was to establish a technical institute with imperial approval at Sakchi which was renamed as Jamshedpur in February 1919 by Lord Chelmsford. He also assisted Haffkine in his work on vaccines in Bombay.
Padshah left the Tata group in 1931 and travelled around the world. He was a friend of Mahatma Gandhi, a vegetarian who refused to wear leather and was involved in animal rights.
References
External links
Biography at Tata Central Archives
1864 births
1941 deaths
Educationists from India
The United States restaurant industry was projected at $899 billion in sales for 2020 by the National Restaurant Association, the main trade association for the industry in the United States. An estimated 99% of companies in the industry are family-owned small businesses with fewer than 50 employees. The industry as a whole as of February 2020 employed more than 15 million people, representing 10% of the workforce directly. It is the nation's second largest private employer and the third largest employer overall. It indirectly employed close to another 10% when dependent businesses such as food producers, trucking, and delivery services were factored in, according to Ohio restaurateur Britney Ruby Miller. In Delaware and Massachusetts, one in ten workers is employed in the restaurant industry. In North Carolina, 11% of workers are employed by the industry. In Texas, 12% of workers were employed by the industry as of 2016.
The effect of the 2020 coronavirus epidemic was in March 2020 projected to be $225 billion in losses.
See also
Independent Restaurant Coalition
References
Restaurants in the United States
Industries in North America
Service industries
GURPS Powers is a role-playing character book written by Sean Punch (with vignettes and additional writing by Phil Masters) and released in December 2005 for the Fourth Edition of GURPS.
Contents
GURPS Powers is a rule book that extends the basic character creation rules presented in the basic set to better handle high powered characters, and allow highly detailed customization of powers.
The book aims to be genre independent and covers rules for characters from fantasy and myth to supers and science fiction with no bias towards any one.
The first section provides the framework and rules with which a player and Game Master construct a Power. Next is a large section devoted to many worked examples to use straight away, and also provide a guide to work from when creating your own powers. Lastly chapters focusing running high powered games, and notes on various genres exist to help players and GMs integrate powers into their games.
What is a Power?
A Power is – like Psionics as presented in the Basic Set – a range of abilities (i.e., Advantages) and a Talent organized in a logical grouping. In addition, Powers have a Source and Focus that add color and help to tie together the abilities. Lastly there is an additional Power Modifier that acts like an Enhancement (rare) or Limitation to the power as a whole rather than individual abilities.
The source and focus of a power are significant. They take the generic abilities that are available, and tie them together in more unique ways. This approach may be familiar to players of the Hero System
Publication history
GURPS Powers was published in 2005, one of several genre books published by Steve Jackson Games for the fourth edition.
Powers is the fourth edition replacement for GURPS Supers and GURPS Psionics from earlier editions of the game.
Reception
See also
List of GURPS books
References
External links
GURPS Powers at sjgames.com
Review at RPG.net
Second RPG.net Review
2005 books
GURPS 4th edition
Powers
Caskie is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Longbeach is a lowly populated locality in the Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island. It is located in a rural area of the Canterbury Plains on the shore of the Pacific Ocean on the northern side of the Hinds River's mouth.
Nearby settlements include Waterton and Eiffelton to the north, and on the other side of the Hinds River, Lowcliffe to the west. The small township of Hinds is to the northwest, while the nearest significantly sized town is Ashburton, further north.
There is a Longbeach School, though it is actually located in nearby Willowby rather than Longbeach. It was formed when three local schools amalgamated in 2000 and caters for students in grades 1 to 8.
In the 1860s, there was a proposal to build the Main South Line railway between Christchurch and Dunedin on a coastal route that would have passed through Longbeach, but this was abandoned in favour of a more inland route through Ashburton that had easier river crossings. However, Longbeach continued to lobby for a railway. In 1878, a proposal was made to extend the Southbridge Branch from Southbridge across the Rakaia River to Longbeach and Waterton. It was primarily intended to serve agricultural interests in the area. Although an appropriate location for a bridge was found, the government never acted on the proposal and it lapsed.
Demographics
Longbeach is part of the Eiffelton statistical area.
References
Ashburton District
Populated places in Canterbury, New Zealand
Gameleira de Goiás is a municipality in central Goiás state, Brazil. The population in 2020 was 3,880 in a total area of 595 square kilometers.
Geographical Information
The distance to the state capital, Goiânia, is 99 km. Highway connections from Goiânia are made by BR-457 / GO-010 / Bonfinópolis / Leopoldo de Bulhões / Silvânia / GO-437. (18 km unpaved).
Gameleira has municipal boundaries with Silvânia, Abadiânia, and Anápolis.
Political Data
Eligible voters: 2,399 (December 2007)
Mayor: José Denisson de Sousa (January 2005)
Vice-mayor: Marizete Coelho Borges
Councilmembers: 09
Demographics
Population density in 2007: 5.52 inhabitants/km2
Population growth rate 1996/2007: n/a
Total population in 2007: 3,289
Total population in 1980: n/a
Urban population in 2007: 1,005
Rural population in 2007: 2,284
The Economy
The main economic activities are livestock raising, agriculture, and services.
Economic Data
Industrial units: 02 (June/2007)
Retail units: 25 (August/2007)
Banking institutions: none (2007)
Motor vehicles: 156 automobiles and 153 pickup trucks. (IBGE 2007)
Number of inhabitants per motor vehicle: 10.6
Agriculture
Agriculture is based on cattle raising and growing of corn, sugarcane, rice, and soybeans.
In 2004 the cattle herd was 20,250 head, of which 6,000 were milking cows. The main agricultural products in planted area were soybeans (25,000 hectares), corn (1,200 hectares), beans, sorghum, tomatoes, and citrus fruits.
Number of farms, total area and workers: 529 on 61,520 ha. with 1,300 workers.
Land distribution: 32,000 ha. were planted in permanent or perennial crops and 19,511 ha. were natural pasture. 91 farms had a total of 222 tractors (2006).
Education and Health
Literacy rate: n/a
Infant mortality rate: n/a
Schools: 03 (2006)
Students: 833
Hospitals: 0 (July 2003)
Hospital beds: 0
Walk-in public health clinics: 01
See also
List of municipalities in Goiás
Microregions of Goiás
References
Frigoletto
Municipalities in Goiás
Trubchevsky (masculine), Trubchevskaya (feminine), or Trubchevskoye (neuter) may refer to:
Trubchevsky District, a district of Bryansk Oblast, Russia
Trubchevsky Urban Administrative Okrug, an administrative division which the town of Trubchevsk in Trubchevsky District of Bryansk Oblast, Russia is incorporated as
Trubchevskoye Urban Settlement, a municipal formation which Trubchevsky Urban Administrative Okrug in Trubchevsky District of Bryansk Oblast, Russia is incorporated as
Trubchevsky, alternative spelling of the Trubetskoy family name
Tamale South is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. Tamale South is located in the Tamale Municipal district of the Northern Region of Ghana.
This seat was created prior to the Ghanaian parliamentary election in 2004.
Boundaries
The seat is located within the Tamale Municipal district of the Northern Region of Ghana.
Members of Parliament
Elections
See also
List of Ghana Parliament constituencies
References
Parliamentary constituencies in the Northern Region (Ghana)
2004 establishments in Ghana
Dagbon
Somewhere in Camp is a 1942 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Frank Randle, Harry Korris and Robbie Vincent. The film continues the adventures of Private Randle from the 1940 film Somewhere in England. It was followed in 1943 by Somewhere on Leave.
Plot
Three army Privates (Frank Randle, Robbie Vincent and Dan Young) and their Sergeant (Harry Korris) devise a scheme to help Private Trevor (John Singer) woo the Commanding Officer's daughter (Jean Rivers). All efforts fail until Sergeant Korris drags up as a love-struck housekeeper.
Cast
Frank Randle - Pte. Randle
Harry Korris - Sgt. Korris
Robbie Vincent - Pte. Enoch
Dan Young - Pte. Young
John Singer - Pte. Jack Trevor
Antoinette Lupino - Jean Rivers
Peggy Novak - Mrs Rivers
Clifford Buckton - Colonel Rivers
Anthony Bazell - Captain Brown
Gus Aubrey - Captain Lofty
Ernest Dale - Private Dale
Arthur Wilton - Private Wilton
Billy Pardoe - Lt. Appleby
Clifford Cobb - Dental M.O.
Brian Herbert - Corporal Reed
Arthur Denton - Charlie the Lodger
Ronnie Kay - Randle, Jnr
Keith Shepherd - Police Inspector
Esme Lewis - Nurse to M.O.
Vi Kaley - Maid in Sketch
Nora Gordon - Matron
Roma Rice - Girl Lodger
Evie Carcroft - Mrs Korris
Edna Wood - Lady at the Dance
Critical reception
The Spinning Image wrote, "It would be easy to dismiss Randle's films as crude, basic and cheaply made. They are all these things, but they also preserve the work of a great character comedian and hero to thousands. They should be viewed for what they were, mass entertainment with no frills, and Randle's memory should be treasured as an outstanding example of the popular culture of his day". TV Guide described it as "A lively music-hall adventure...Eighty eight minutes of episodic silliness and tolerable musical numbers."
References
Bibliography
Rattigan, Neil. This is England: British film and the People's War, 1939-1945. Associated University Presses, 2001.
External links
1942 films
1942 comedy films
Films directed by John E. Blakeley
British comedy films
Military humor in film
British black-and-white films
Films scored by Percival Mackey
Films shot in Greater Manchester
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
Margaret Emilia Gardiner OBE (22 April 1904 – 2 January 2005) was a radical modern British patron of artists and resident of Hampstead, London, from 1932, where she was also a left wing political activist. She was also for a time the partner of Professor John Desmond Bernal. She was known as "Mrs Bernal" for most of her life, but they were never married. In the 1980 Birthday Honours she was awarded an OBE for services to the Pier Arts Centre Trust, Stromness. She was referred to as Margaret Emilia Gardiner Bernal on the list.
Biography
Gardiner was born in Berlin where her father, the Egyptologist Sir Alan Gardiner, was working at the time. In 1923 he assisted Howard Carter and Lord Carnarvon with the opening of Tutankhamun's tomb. Her mother was Hedwig née von Rosen, Lady Gardiner, whose father was an Austro-Hungarian Roman Catholic with Jewish roots and mother a Swedish Finn. Her brother was Henry Rolf Gardiner.
Gardiner was educated at the Fröbel School in Hammersmith, then at Bedales, the liberally-minded school, followed by Newnham College, Cambridge. There she read Modern Languages, but transferred to Moral Sciences, the Cambridge term for Philosophy. Her family was wealthy and she had no need to work, devoting her life instead to politics and the arts. At Cambridge she fell in love with Bernard Deacon, a scholar at Trinity but was shattered when he died from blackwater fever whilst working on Malakula in the New Hebrides, Vanuatu in 1927 at the age of 24. She visited his grave there 56 years later and wrote a book, Footprints on Malekula: Memoir of Bernard Deacon, in 1984.
After Cambridge she spent a brief, but unsuccessful, time as an elementary school teacher in Gamlingay. Afterwards she devoted her time and energy to supporting her friends: Barbara Hepworth, Hepworth's second husband, Ben Nicholson, W. H. Auden, Berthold Lubetkin, Solly Zuckerman, Naum Gabo and others.
She made her home at 35 Downshire Hill, Hampstead, close to the Heath where she swam in the ponds into her 90s.
Her son with Bernal was Martin Bernal (1937-2013), author of Black Athena, Despite never marrying, Gardiner referred to herself as "Mrs Bernal". Bernal had married Agnes Eileen Sprague, a secretary, on 21 June 1922, the day after being awarded his BA degree when he was aged 21. As well as his son with Gardiner, he had two children with Sprague and one with Margot Heinemann.
Politics
With Bernal, who was a Communist, she was part of the 1930s and 40s group campaigning "For Intellectual Liberty". Gardiner was however not pressed to join the party. She spent a winter with Bernal in Moscow but had reservations about Joseph Stalin. In the 1960s she organised full-page advertisements in The Times signed by well-known people opposed to the Vietnam War. She was also a supporter of CND.
In the 1970 general election Ben Whitaker, Labour MP for Hampstead, lost his seat as a result of a far-left candidate standing whom Gardiner had financed.
Orkney
She spent a large part of her life away from London on Rousay, Orkney, as a retreat. She was the founder, in 1979 of the art gallery, Pier Arts Centre in Stromness. One of the works there is "Curved Form (Trevalgan)" by her longtime friend Barbara Hepworth in 1956 which Gardiner kept on display in her back garden in Hampstead. The work, named after a hill in Cornwall between Zennor and St Ives, was Hepworth's first entirely bronze work. She gave 67 works of art to the people of Orkney and "Curved Form" now sits outside on the Centre's pier on the original plinth from Gardiner's garden.
Publications
Notes
References
1904 births
2005 deaths
Alumni of Newnham College, Cambridge
British activists
British anti-war activists
British art collectors
British centenarians
British people by political orientation
Political activists
People educated at Bedales School
Rousay
British people of Finnish descent
British people of Hungarian-Jewish descent
Women centenarians
Bo Mattias Flodström (born 26 April 1972) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a forward.
Playing career
Starting off his career with the local club Linghems SK, Flodström went on to represent Linköpings FF, Åtvidabergs FF, and IF Sylvia in the Swedish lower divisions as well as IFK Norrköping for four seasons in Allsvenskan. His best season came during the 2000 Allsvenskan season when he scored ten goals in 24 games. In total, he scored 21 goals in 78 Allsvenskan games for IFK Norrköping. Flodström also represented IFK Norrköping in the 2000–01 UEFA Cup and scored two goals in four games as the club was eliminated in the first round by FC Slovan Liberec.
References
1972 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Allsvenskan players
Association football forwards
IFK Norrköping players
IF Sylvia players
Åtvidabergs FF players
People from Linköping Municipality
Sportspeople from Östergötland County
R-13 regional road () is a Montenegrin roadway.
Section from Bioče to Mateševo will be a parallel road to section of Bar–Boljare motorway that is planned to be finished by 2019. After this section of Bar–Boljare motorway is finished, R-13 regional road section from Mateševo to Kolašin will serve as a major connection from motorway to the highway.
History
The M-9 highway was officially opened for traffic in 1984. It was built as part of the larger M-9 highway within the Yugoslav highway network, spanning Montenegro, Kosovo and Serbia. It connected Kolašin and Andrijevica with Peć and Priština in Kosovo, and Leskovac and Pirot in Serbia.
The M-9 highway originally flowed through the city of Kolašin to connect it to the M-2 highway. A bypass was built via the Vladoš Bridge to merge the M-9 with the M-2. On 27 March 2014, the Ministry of Transport and Maritime Affairs officially realigned the M-9 highway to its current alignment, incorporating the Vladoš Bridge, while downgrading the M-9's former path through Kolašin as a municipal road.
In January 2016, the Ministry of Transport and Maritime Affairs published bylaw on categorisation of state roads. With new categorisation, R-13 regional road was created from previous R-19 regional road and section of previous M-9 highway from Mateševo to Kolašin.
Major intersections
References
R-13
Edmond Walter Savile Foljambe (19 September 1890 – 22 August 1960) was an English first-class cricketer and British Army officer. Foljambe played first-class cricket for Oxford University and the Free Foresters in 1912, before serving in the First World War with the Rifle Brigade.
Life and military career
Foljambe was born at Southwell in September 1890 to the first-class cricketer George Foljambe. He was educated at Eton College, where he was a part of the Eton College contingent of the Officers' Training Corps. From Eton he went up to Christ Church, Oxford, where he also served as a second lieutenant with the Oxford University contingent of the Officers' Training Corps. While at Oxford he made two appearances in first-class cricket for Oxford University in 1912, against H. K. Foster's XI and the Marylebone Cricket Club, as well as appearing for the Free Foresters against Oxford University. He joined the Rifle Brigade in January 1913, and was promoted to the rank of lieutenant in October 1913. He served during the First World War, seeing action at the Battle of Le Cateau in August 1914, where he was reported as missing in action, only to reappear. He was promoted to the rank of captain in June 1915. He ended the war at the Southern Army Infantry School. Following the war, he was made a deputy lieutenant for Nottinghamshire in April 1925. He married Judith Harriet Wright (daughter of the first-class cricketer Henry Wright) in 1940. Foljambe died at Walkley in August 1960. His grandfather was the Liberal Member of Parliament Francis Foljambe.
References
External links
1890 births
1960 deaths
People from Southwell, Nottinghamshire
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
English cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
Free Foresters cricketers
Rifle Brigade officers
British Army personnel of World War I
Deputy Lieutenants of Nottinghamshire
Tyroc is a fictional character in the DC Universe, a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries. Created by writer Cary Bates and artist Mike Grell, he first appeared in Superboy #216 (April 1976), a year before Black Lightning, making him one of DC's first black costumed superheroes.
Publication history
He first appeared in Superboy #216 (April 1976), and was created by Cary Bates and Mike Grell.
Jim Shooter, who had been prevented from introducing black characters into the Legion in the 1960s, objected to the characterization of Tyroc: "...I always wanted to have a character who was African-American, and years later, when they did that, they did it in the worst way possible....instead of just incidentally having a character who happens to be black...they made a big fuss about it. He's a racial separatist....I just found it pathetic and appalling".
According to Mike Grell, who co-created Tyroc with Cary Bates, the character of Tyroc was "sort of sore spot with me". He had previously tried to introduce black characters into the series, but had been prevented by then-editor Murray Boltinoff. Grell recalled: "I kept getting stalled off...and finally comes Tyroc. They might as well have named him Tyrone. Their explanation for why there were no black people [in the Legion] was that all the black people had gone to live on an island. It's possibly the most racist concept I've ever heard in my life...I mean, it's a segregationist's dream, right? So they named him Tyroc, and gave him the world's stupidest super-power".
Grell's dislike of Tyroc was strong enough that he deliberately made him look ridiculous: "I gave him a silly costume. It was somewhere between Elvis' Las Vegas costume and something you would imagine a pimp on the street corner wearing".
Grell notes that physically, Tyroc is based on the football player Fred Williamson: "I modeled him somewhat on Fred "The Hammer" Williamson, who was a movie star at the time...and gave him this "Elvis Presley goes to Las Vegas" kind of costume, and that's pretty much it. That was the extent of my contribution to Tyroc".
Some writers like long-time Legion scribe Paul Levitz claimed that Tyroc's powers, based upon sound, made him too difficult a character to depict in a comic book (even though DC's Black Canary appeared in comics for years, as did Marvel Comics' Banshee). Tyroc was the only Legionnaire introduced prior to 1989 who did not appear during Levitz's initial 15-year run on the Legion (even the deceased Ferro Lad, Invisible Kid, and Chemical King appeared in flashback stories). Levitz says this was because he thought Tyroc was "just such a stupid character....a sound-based character is, I think, intrinsically futile in a silent medium. He just never worked for me, so I did my best to dodge him". Despite his initial stance on the character, Levitz said in a Newsarama interview that Tyroc will be in his new Legion of Super-Heroes series. Tyroc appears in Legion of Super-Heroes (vol. 6) #2 (August 2010), marking the first time that the character has appeared in an in-continuity tale written by Levitz.
Fictional character biography
Marzal
Tyroc (real name Troy Stewart) was the only resident superhero of the island of Marzal, which usually existed in a different dimension. Like Brigadoon, Marzal Island would sometimes reappear on Earth. Unlike the legendary Scottish village, Marzal remained on Earth for several years at a time in a location near a coast of Africa. In the native language of Marzal, "Tyroc" means "Scream of the Devil".
Tyroc and his people were descended from African slaves who revolted on a ship during middle passage in the 18th century. Once all the slavers were set adrift, the liberated Africans settled on their own island off the coast of Africa, and built a civilization. Much to their surprise, their island paradise had a "Brigadoon-like" existence and disappeared from this dimension on a regular schedule every 200 years.
Left on their own, the islanders developed an advanced, highly technological civilization, with extreme isolationist tendencies. Marzalians believed that the people of Earth had ignored their island. As a result, outsiders were not welcome on Marzal.
The Legion
The Legion of Super-Heroes first met Tyroc when several Legionnaires responded to an emergency on Marzal Island. At first, Tyroc attempted to stop the Legion from assisting. After patching up their differences and working together to save the island, Tyroc was offered Legion membership. He initially refused, although he had come to admire the tolerance and courage of the Legionnaires he had met.
In later encounters, Tyroc accepted the Legion's offer to join the team and thus became the Legion's first black member. Tyroc and Black Lightning were created to help DC attract new readers and to provide more opportunities for socially relevant stories.
Until Tyroc's addition to the Legion, almost every humanoid alien in Legion stories were drawn with Caucasian facial features, including the orange-skinned Chameleon Boy, the blue-skinned Shadow Lass, and the green-skinned, blonde haired Brainiac 5.
Tyroc later returned to Marzal Island to be with his people when it left the Earth reality. Shadow Lass and Dawnstar, accompanying him, were almost trapped on the island as it shifted dimensions.
President of New Earth
Marzal's destruction at the hands of the Dominion was documented during the fourth volume of the Legion of Super-Heroes series while Keith Giffen was the writer. The Dominators managed to destroy Marzal Island within its dimensional pocket. An Earth recovering from the Dominion takeover chose their war heroes to lead them. Jacques Foccart (the second Invisible Kid) and Troy Stewart, who had proven themselves as effective leaders of the rebel forces, were rewarded with public offices by the people of Earth. Troy Stewart became the planet's vice president, and Jacques became president. Soon thereafter, Earth was destroyed in a disaster reminiscent of the destruction of Krypton over a millennium earlier. A few dozen cities and their inhabitants survived, and the planet was reconstituted as New Earth. Eventually, Jacques resigned to rejoin the Legion, and Troy ascended to the presidency.
This reality was erased from continuity by the events of the Zero Hour miniseries.
Post-Zero Hour/"Threeboot"
Tyroc did not appear in the Legion's second major continuity, which ran from 1994 through the end of 2004. In the "Threeboot" continuity which began in 2005, Tyroc appears briefly (with several other Legionnaires from previous incarnations of the team such as Blok and Dawnstar) in Legion of Super-Heroes (vol. 5) #15, as a character in a 'campfire story' showing the Legion's influence, and the urban legends and myths that have sprung up around it. This appearance was a cameo, and does not seem to take place in the series' actual continuity.
Post-Infinite Crisis
The events of the Infinite Crisis miniseries have apparently restored a close analogue of the Pre-Crisis on Infinite Earths Legion to continuity, as seen in "The Lightning Saga" story arc in Justice League of America and Justice Society of America, and in the "Superman and the Legion of Super-Heroes" story arc in Action Comics. A statue of Tyroc was seen in Final Crisis: Legion of Three Worlds #1. The Pre-Crisis on Infinite Earths Tyroc later appeared along with an entire army of Legionnaires from alternate worlds, times, and realities, at the Vanishing Point to fight the Time Trapper. In the current series of Legion of Super-Heroes, Tyroc has rejoined the Legion.
The New 52
In 2011, DC rebooted its continuity and relaunched all of its titles, among them Legion Lost told of a small team of Legionnaires including Wildfire, Gates, Dawnstar, Tellus, Timber Wolf, Chameleon Girl and Tyroc becoming trapped in the 21st century while pursuing a time-travelling genetic terrorist. After several adventures attempting to integrate with 21st century life, including an altercation with the Teen Titans, DC cancelled the series.
Powers and abilities
Tyroc's superpower was his reality-warping screams, which he could use to create dimensional portals and force fields, and to transmute, freeze, burn or simply destroy objects. He could also teleport himself and at least one other person, although the exact limits of this ability were unknown. The effects and range of his powers were consistent when he first appeared, but later seemed to vary with the writer. Later writers often treated his power as simply being a "sonic scream" similar to that of Black Canary.
Tyroc could fly using either his own inherent powers (as seen in his first appearance before joining the Legion) or his Legion flight ring.
Scream effects
Among the screams in Tyroc's arsenal:
EEYYAAAHH! – pyrokinesis
AHHRRRRRR! – force field
OYYUUUUUU! – teleportation
ARRRRHHHH! – explosions
ZZZRRRUUGGHH! – telekinesis
UIUUIEEEE! – transmutation
ARRREEEEG! – weather manipulation
IRRRRWWWW! – plant manipulation
CCCIIIRRR! – vertigo
RRRYYYY! – wind manipulation
WHEEEEW! – retrocognition
Equipment
As a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes he is provided with a Legion Flight Ring. It allows him to fly and communicate with his teammates.
In other media
Tyroc appeared several times in various episodes of Legion of Super Heroes. Tyroc has a small cameo at the end of the first season "Timber Wolf" episode. His picture appears along with those of other Legionnaires as Timber Wolf recites the Legion oath. He later turned up in action during "The Substitutes" episode and has appeared sporadically in Season 2 background shots. A young Tyroc appears in second-season episode "In The Beginning", among a crowd of young Silver Age Legionnaires. He is sporting a huge Afro. In the two-part series finale "Dark Victory", Tyroc is seen in battle using an ultra-sonic howl against Brainiac's forces. The sound waves are rendered bright red, and they cause a piece of equipment to explode.
Tyroc appears as a background character in the animated video film Justice League vs. the Fatal Five.
Bibliography
Superboy #216, 218, 222
All-New Collectors' Edition #C-55 (1978)
Superboy and the Legion of Super-Heroes #250
Legion of Super-Heroes (vol. 2) #263–265
Secrets of the Legion of Super-Heroes #1
Legion of Super-Heroes (vol. 4) #16, 29, 32, 34–36, 38, 40, 41, 50, 54, 59
Legionnaires #1, 9, 10, 12
Valor #22
References
External links
World of Black Heroes: Tyroc Biography
Museum of Black Superheroes entry
DCU Guide Tyroc chronology
Fanzing #35: 30th Century Government
DC Comics superheroes
Comics characters introduced in 1976
Fictional characters who can manipulate sound
Fictional characters who can manipulate reality
Characters created by Mike Grell
DC Comics metahumans
Khayesk (, also Romanized as Khāyesk) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 495, in 99 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Bric delle Camere is a mountain in northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Apennines. It is located in the provinces of Genoa and Alessandria. It lies at an altitude of 1016 metres.
Geography
The Bric delle Camere is located on the administrative border between the Metropolitan City of Genoa (Liguria) and the Province of Alessandria (Piemonte). Its summit is the tripoint where three valleys meet: Val Vobbia, Valle Spinti and Val Borbera. It's the highest summit of the area and is the spring of the Spinti.
Access to the summit
The summit of Bric delle Camere is crossed by the waymarked foothpath nr. 200, which belongs to the '"Anello Bormida-Spinti" ("Bormida-Spinti ring"), a trekking itinerary of the hiking network of Regione Piemonte. It also can be accessed from Pertuso, with a walk which requires some hiking experience.
Conservation
The Ligurian side of the mountain since 1989 is included in the Parco naturale regionale dell'Antola. On its Piedmontese slopes has been reported a population of Scilla italica, a plant of the lily family also known as Hyacinthoides italica and locally rather uncommon. Also the hyssop grows on the mountain.
References
Mountains of the Apennines
Mountains of Liguria
delle Camere
Disaster Masters was a series on BBC1 which followed the workers of the British emergency and non-emergency repairs company Homeserve as they carried out repair work contracted by householders' insurance companies. During the different series, they were seen dealing with major disasters such as the Carlisle floods, Birmingham tornado, and the Buncefield oil depot explosion. They were also seen carrying out more minor repairs such as boarding up broken windows.
Disaster Masters ran for a total of two series and eighteen episodes before it was canceled by the BBC. The series was then bought by Sky, who broadcast it at different times throughout the week on Sky Real Lives.
References
External links
BBC Disaster Masters page
Homeserve Website
BBC television documentaries
A Handful of Fog () is a 1979 novel by Sami Michael, published by Am Oved publishing house. The novel is about the communist underground in post-WWII Iraq, involving both Jews and Arabs. The book has been translated into German.
References
1979 novels
20th-century Israeli novels
Novels set in Iraq
Podlasie is a region in north-east Poland.
Podlasie may also refer to the following villages in Poland:
Podlasie, Garwolin County
Podlasie, Płock County
Podlasie, Żyrardów County
Podlasie, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
Lee Anton Schoenbeck (born May 14, 1958) is an American politician and attorney serving as a member of the South Dakota Senate from the 5th district. He is the President Pro Tempore of the South Dakota Senate. He is a member of the Republican Party.
Early life and education
Schoenbeck was born in Webster, South Dakota in 1958. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Augustana University and a Juris Doctor from the University of South Dakota School of Law.
Career
Schoenbeck is the owner of Schoenbeck Law, P.C., where he specializes in civil litigation.
Political career
Schoenbeck served as a member of the Senate from 1995 to 1997 and again from 2003 to 2007. From 2015 to 2017, he represented the 5th district in the South Dakota House of Representatives.
In 2021, Schoenbeck opposed a proposal, pushed by Governor Kristi Noem and Senate Leader Gary Cammack (both fellow Republicans) to limit the activities of South Dakota Department of Game, Fish and Parks conservation officers. The same year, Schoenbeck also opposed a proposal to ban transgender girls from girls' sports; the bill was initially supported by Noem and opposed by Democrats, LGBT rights groups, and the South Dakota High School Activities Association. Ultimately, Noem vetoed the bill.
In 2021, Schoenbeck proposed an amendment to the South Dakota Constitution which would increase the threshold required to pass voter referenda from a majority to 60%. Schoenbeck said that he proposed the increase to block Medicaid expansion. The increase would limit a traditional instrument of grassroots direct democracy in the state.
Controversy
In 2016, Schoenbeck was embroiled in an intra-party disagreement over a half-penny sales tax to boost the salaries of South Dakota public schoolteachers; Schoenbeck supported the sales tax, The teacher salary boost proposal was voted down, but fellow Republicans opposed it and barred Schoenbeck from a Republican Party caucus meeting, prompting Schoenbeck to consider resigning.
Personal life
Schoenbeck and his wife, Donna, have four children. He lives in Watertown, South Dakota.
References
1958 births
21st-century American politicians
Augustana University alumni
Living people
Members of the South Dakota House of Representatives
People from Watertown, South Dakota
People from Webster, South Dakota
South Dakota Republicans
South Dakota state senators
University of South Dakota School of Law alumni
Keith Cowing is an American astrobiologist, former NASA employee, and the editor of the American space program blog NASA Watch. He is a credentialed NASA journalist and is known to be a critic of NASA activities and policies.
NASA Watch
NASA Watch is a website blog which provides insider information and commentary about the United States space program and the U.S. government agency, NASA. The first posting was in March, 1996. Cowing is a strong supporter of human spaceflight. Cowing started the website when Daniel Goldin was administrator of NASA and at that time expressed harsh criticism of Goldin's policies. The inciting event for Keith was the mass layoffs in the transition from Space Station Freedom to the International Space Station. For several years, NASA refused to accredit Cowing as a journalist and denied him access to NASA media events. Cowing was eventually granted full press accreditation.
Cowing was a firm supporter of Goldin's successor as administrator, Sean O'Keefe, appointed by George W. Bush. Cowing also obtained exclusive first-hand information about the genesis of the Vision for Space Exploration, detailed in the book New Moon Rising which Cowing wrote with Frank Sietzen.
When Michael Griffin was NASA administrator, the relationship between NASA Watch and NASA seemed to have been a more confrontational one. Cowing, as well as other space program insiders, commented negatively about a return to Goldin-style management practices under Griffin. Cowing dubbed Monday, June 13, 2005 as Black Monday when many NASA personnel were sent reassignment letters.
Publications
Phillips, Robert W.; Cowing, Keith (1993). "Space Station Freedom: A Unique Laboratory for Gravitational Biology Research." (Article.) Transactions of the Kansas Academy of Science. Volume 96, no. 1/2, p. 80-86. OCLC Number: 480268661.
Cowing, Keith (2002). Astrobiology has arrived. National Space Society. OCLC Number: 49716292
Sietzen (Jr.), Frank; Cowing, Keith L. (January 14, 2004). "Beyond the Moon: Inside Bush's space plan (Part 1 of 3)." (Article.) Space Ref.
Dick, Steven J.; Cowing, Keith; et al. (2005). Risk and exploration: earth, sea and the stars: NASA administrator's symposium, September 26-29, 2004, Naval Postgraduate School, Monterey, California. National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). OCLC Number: 68963879
References
Further reading
External links
NASA Watch official website
Space advocates
American political websites
Internet properties established in 1996
Living people
American male journalists
NASA people
Astrobiologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1990 United States Senate election in Mississippi was held on November 6, 1990. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Thad Cochran won re-election to a third term. The Democratic Party did not field a candidate for this election.
Candidates
Republican
Thad Cochran, incumbent U.S. Senator
Results
See also
1990 United States Senate elections
References
Mississippi
1990
1990 Mississippi elections
An SQL result set is a set of rows from a database, as well as metadata about the query such as the column names, and the types and sizes of each column. Depending on the database system, the number of rows in the result set may or may not be known. Usually, this number is not known up front because the result set is built on-the-fly.
A result set is effectively a table. The ORDER BY clause can be used in a query to impose a certain sort condition on the rows. Without that clause, there is no guarantee whatsoever on the order in which the rows are returned.
Databases
"You're My Best Friend" is a song by the British rock band Queen, written by the band's bass player, John Deacon, who wrote it for and about his wife. It was first included on the 1975 album A Night at the Opera, and later released as a single. The ballad also appeared on the Live Killers (1979) live album, and on the compilation albums The Greatest Hits (1981), Absolute Greatest (2009) and Queen Forever (2014).
The song reached number seven in the UK Singles Chart and number 16 on the US Billboard Hot 100. It is certified platinum by the RIAA in the US with over one million copies sold. The song has since featured in television, film, and other media, such as The Simpsons and Family Guy.
History
Deacon wrote the song for his wife, Veronica Tetzlaff. In this song, he plays a Wurlitzer electric piano in addition to his bass guitar work. The characteristic "bark" of the Wurlitzer's bass notes plays a prominent role in the song. During live performances, a Grand Piano was used rather than an electric, and it would be played by Freddie Mercury, while Deacon played the bass guitar just like in the original recording. The song would be performed live by the band from the Summer Gigs 1976 Tour up to the end of the North American leg of The Game Tour in 1980. It was then dropped from the rest of the tour, and would not be played live again until after the death of Mercury.
The song was used in several TV shows and films such as Hot in Cleveland, Will & Grace, EastEnders, My Name is Earl, The King of Queens, Good Omens, The Break-Up, the end credits of I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry, The Simpsons, Shaun of the Dead, Peter's Friends, The Secret Life of Pets, and the Family Guy episode "Farmer Guy".
Music video
The music video, directed by Bruce Gowers, shows the band in a huge ballroom surrounded by over one thousand candles, including a huge chandelier hung from the ceiling. The video was filmed in April 1976 at Elstree Studios, near London. Additionally, Deacon is seen playing a grand piano rather than the Wurlitzer he used on the recording.
Composition
The song was composed by John Deacon in the key of C major with a meter of 4/4, in swing feel.
The album A Night at the Opera features songs of numerous styles, including this three-minute pop song. Very unusual for the genre, there is no section appearing more than twice; characteristic of many Queen songs, as affirmed by Brian May. On the other hand, in terms of phrases and measures, there are numerous repetitions or variants. The form is cyclic and very similar to that of "Spread Your Wings" (1977). Another similarity between the two songs is the lack of (real) modulation. The arrangement features 3 and 4-part vocal and guitar harmonies, bass (melodic approach), drums, and electric piano. This is Deacon's second recorded song and the first one released on single, some six months after the album-release. Mercury hits two sustained C5s in the lead vocal track.
Queen comments on the song
The band answered Tom Browne on 24 December 1977 in a live BBC Radio 1 interview, regarding Deacon's control of the piano for the recording:
Reception
Cash Box said that "the harmonies are smoothly designed to accentuate the hook of the chorus" and that "the beat is really good, on the edge of bubblegum, but still classy."
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Personnel
Information is taken from the Queen Songs website
Freddie Mercury – lead and backing vocals
Brian May – guitars, backing vocals
Roger Taylor – drums, backing vocals
John Deacon – Wurlitzer electric piano, bass guitar
References
External links
Lyrics at Queen official website
Queen (band) songs
1976 singles
Songs written by John Deacon
Music videos directed by Bruce Gowers
Song recordings produced by Roy Thomas Baker
EMI Records singles
Elektra Records singles
Hollywood Records singles
Songs about friendship
1975 songs
Pop ballads
British pop songs
1970s ballads
Baydad (also spelled Bagdates), was a dynasty (frataraka) of Persis from 164 to 146 BC.
Background
Since the end of the 3rd or the beginning of the 2nd century BCE, Persis had been ruled by local dynasts subject to the Seleucid Empire. They held the ancient Persian title of frataraka ("leader, governor, forerunner"), which is also attested in the Achaemenid-era. The Achaemenid Empire, which had a century earlier ruled most of the Near East, originated from the region. The frataraka themselves emphasized their close affiliation with the prominent Achaemenid King of Kings, and their court was probably at the former Achaemenid capital of Persepolis, where they financed construction projects on and near the Achaemenid plateau. The frataraka had traditionally been regarded as priestly dynasts or advocates of religious (and political) opposition to Hellenism, however, this is no longer considered the case.
Chronology of the frataraka
The traditional view of the chronology of the frataraka dynasts was originally; Baydad, Ardakhshir I, Wahbarz, Wadfradad I and Wadfradad II. However, recent findings of Persis coins have led to a more likely chronology; Ardakhshir I, Wahbarz, Wadfradad I, Baydad and Wadfradad II.
Rule
On the reverse of his coins, Bagadates is depicted standing in front of a Zoroastrian fire-altar, or seated in majesty holding a staff of authority and possibly a pomegranate in his left hand (illustration, left).
In his coinage, Bagadates has his portrait on the obverse, wearing the satrapal headdress and the Hellenistic diadem. On the reverse, he is either shown enthroned, or making his devotions to a fire temple. The weight standard of the coins is the Attic standard, and the tetradrachm is the usual coin size, as was the usual case in the Seleucid empire. The coins are inscribed in Aramaic with the name of the ruler.
References
Sources
.
Seleucid satraps
2nd-century BC rulers in Asia
2nd-century BC Iranian people
Zoroastrian rulers
Frataraka rulers of Persis
Thandiwe is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Thandiwe Banda (born 1971/1972), Zambian political science teacher; First Lady of Zambia
Thandiwe Mweetwa (born 1988), Zambian wildlife biologist and educator
Thandiwe Newton (born 1972), English actress
Thandiwe Zungu (born 1960), South African politician
Bantu-language given
Muhammad Guruh Irianto Sukarnoputra (born 13 January 1953) is a member of Indonesia's People's Representative Council and an artist. He is the youngest son of Indonesia's first president, Sukarno with his third wife, Fatmawati, and the brother to former Indonesian president Megawati Sukarnoputri.
Guruh attended elementary and high school in Jakarta. He then studied at the Archaeology Faculty at the University of Amsterdam, graduating in 1976. Rather than immediately following in his father's footsteps into politics, he chose a career in the arts, and to date has produced over 100 choreographic works and written popular Indonesian songs. In 1991, he was awarded the Chevalier de L'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres (Knight of the Order of Arts and Letter) by the French government.
He recorded an album called Guruh Gipsy in 1977 with Chrisye.
He entered politics in 1992, becoming a member of the Indonesian legislature, the People's Representative Council, representing the Indonesian Democratic Party (PDI). When the PDI split following a 1996 party congress in Medan, he joined the breakaway Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle. He was reelected under the banner of the new party in the 1999 Indonesian legislative election and was again re-elected in 2004, 2009, 2014 and 2019. He currently represents the regency of Blitar, East Java.
He has continued to produce artistic performances, such as the opening ceremony of the 2000 Indonesian National Games in Surabaya.
Personal life
In 2002, aged 49, Guruh married for the first time, amid media speculation he was seeking higher political office, possibly even the presidency. His wife was an Uzbek-born Azeri dancer, Guseynova Sabina Padmavati, 26 years his junior. They were married on 20 September 2002 in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, and a wedding ceremony was later held over 19–20 October 2002 in Sriwidjaya Raya, Jakarta. The marriage ended in divorce and Sabina reportedly returned to Uzbekistan.
References
Daniel Dhaidae (Ed) (2005)Wajah DPR dan DPD 2004-2009 (Faces of the DPR and DPD 2004-2009) Harian Kompas, Jakarta, (Indonesian)
Daniel Dhaidae & H. Witdarmono (Eds) (2000)Wajah Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat Republic Indonesia Pemilihan Umum 1999 (Faces of the Republic of Indonesia People's Representative Council 1999 General Election) Harian Kompas, Jakarta, (Indonesian)
Yayasan API (2001), Panduan Parlelem Indonesia (Indonesian Parliamentary Guide), Jakarta, (Indonesian)
Notes
External links
Guruh Sukarnoputra at Discogs
People from Jakarta
Indonesian songwriters
Sukarno
Guruh
Indonesian socialites
1953 births
Living people
Members of the People's Representative Council, 1992
Members of the People's Representative Council, 1999
Members of the People's Representative Council, 2004
Members of the People's Representative Council, 2009
Members of the People's Representative Council, 2014
Members of the People's Representative Council, 2019
Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle politicians
Children of national leaders
Bakon may refer to:
Bacon vodka
Bakon, Iran (disambiguation)
WHAI (98.3 FM) is an adult contemporary radio station in Greenfield, Massachusetts, owned by the Western Mass Radio Group subsidiary of Saga Communications. WHAI originated on the AM dial in 1938, adding WHAI-FM on May 15, 1948. WHAI then became WHMQ in 2001, and began to carry different programming from the FM signal.
References
External links
HAI
Greenfield, Massachusetts
Radio stations established in 1948
Mass media in Franklin County, Massachusetts
Nikephoros Kallistos Xanthopoulos, Latinized as Nicephorus Callistus Xanthopulus (), of Constantinople (c. 1256 – c. 1335), was the last of the Greek ecclesiastical historians.
His Historia Ecclesiastica, in eighteen books, starts the historical narrative down to 610. For the first four centuries the author is largely dependent on his predecessors, Eusebius, Socrates Scholasticus, Sozomen, Theodoret and Evagrius, his additions showing very little critical faculty. His later work, which is based upon documents now no longer extant, is much more valuable.
A table of contents of another five books, continuing the history to the death of Leo VI the Wise in 911, also exists, but whether the books were ever actually written is doubtful. Some modern scholars are of opinion that Nicephorus appropriated and passed off as his own the work of an unknown author of the 10th century. The plan of the work is good and, in spite of its fables and superstitious absurdities, contains important facts which would otherwise have been unknown.
Only one manuscript of the history is known. It was stolen by a Turkish soldier from the library at Buda during the reign of Matthias Corvinus of Hungary and taken to Constantinople, where it was bought by a Christian and eventually reached the imperial library at Vienna.
Nicephorus was also the author of lists of the emperors and patriarchs of Constantinople, of a poem on the capture of Jerusalem, and of a synopsis of the Scriptures, all in iambics; and of commentaries on liturgical poems. He also wrote many of the synaxaria in use in the Eastern Orthodox Church.
Notes
References
Migne, Patrologia Graeca vols. 145-147 - Greek text and Latin translation.
14th-century Byzantine historians
13th-century Byzantine historians
14th-century Eastern Orthodox Christians
History of Christianity texts
Writers from Constantinople
Recreo began as a small Hispanic homestead which offered rest to travellers and hence its name. Prior to European settlement in the 16th century, there were indigenous people living in the area. Expansion of the settlement came when a railway through the area was completed in 1875. Since then, Recreo's progress has been interrupted at times by earthquakes and drought. In the 20th and 21st centuries, major infrastructure has been developed to meet the needs of Recreo's growing population. On 20 August 1995, Recreo was endowed with a municipal charter.
Indigenous peoples of the Recreo area (circa 16th century)
In pre-Hispanic times the area of Recreo was inhabited by the Iules and Diaguitas peoples. The indigenous people were called Suries by the Inca people. It was a Quechua word from "I suri" (ostrich feathers). By 1563, the area was controlled by the Governorate of Tucumán and the word, suries had changed to juries.
The indigenous peoples of the Recreo area dug cavities known as "mortars" in the stone of the hills about their settlement. They may have been used to grind corn and other grains but more likely they were a tool for astronomical observations. When filled with water, each mortar would reflect a position of the stars.
Hispanic settlement
In 1782, the Recreo area became part of the region under the control of the Quartermaster of San Miguel de Tucuman. In 1783, the region became the Municipality of Salta del Tucumán under the governance of San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca. On August 25, 1821, the region became the Catamarca Province after receiving autonomy from Tucumán Province and Santiago del Estero Province.
In the 1860s, Don Clemente Martinez took possession of some land in the province. The baptismal records of the Parish of San Roque indicate a fair population in the area by the mid 1860s. After the death of Martinez, his widow married the Provincial Deputy Governor, Pedro Cano. By 1874, the Cano family owned a cow, a mill and a chapel. The homestead became a rest point for travellers. It was a place for "recreation" and hence the place became known as "Recreo".
On May 9, 1875 a section of the railway between Cordoba and Tucaman was opened.
In 1892, Recreo was shaken by a 6.0 magnitude (very strong earthquake. Some lives were lost and there was severe damage to buildings. After the earthquake, a cemetery was developed.
At the 1895 census, 624 people had settled in Recreo. Most of the immigrants were Spanish, Italian, French, Syrian-Lebanese, and German. Many were illiterate. With this background, Recreo does not have a founding father. Some settlers were evicted by landowners.
Recreo was inaugurated and then divided into two "departments", Ancasti and La Paz.
Twentieth century
In 1910, at the centenary of the May Revolution, a new school was opened in Recreo. In prior years, education was given in private homes and much of the population was illiterate. In 1914, the Estanislao Severo Zeballos public library opened.
In September 1958, by the passing of Law Number 1755, the Department of La Paz was renamed "Villa de San Antonio". Municipal entities such as a police force, civil registry, power plant and an hospital were founded. Travel by car and rail became more common. The railway was used to export minerals from mines in the hills around Recreo.
In the mid 20th century, there was an economic decline in Recreo due to drought. In 1962, the Motegasta Dam was constructed. Drinking water was supplied via an aqueduct. Previously, groundwater had been used. Other infrastructure created around this time included a bus station, a sports complex and an air strip.
In 1971, a secondary school was opened in Recreo by Irish Catholic priests. In 1975, a center for volunteer firefighters was founded. In 1982, economic measures were taken such as providing ta incentives to local industries. In 1983, the regional Liborio Forte hospital opened. In 1986, developments included the opening of a tertiary education facility, a natural gas pipeline, and the construction of a large statue overlooking the town, the Cristo Redentor de Recreo (Christ the Redeemer of Recreo). Around this time, streets were covered with asphalt.
On 19 December 1986, the Recreo coat of arms was ratified by John Paul II. The Recreo population again started to expand leading to electricity and water shortages.
In 1991, a political and judicial crisis occurred in the Catamarca province when an 18-year-old student by the name of Maria Soledad Morales was raped and murdered near the city of Catamarca by the sons of some of the city's elite residents. The killers were convicted and imprisoned. This is marked as an important moment in the progress in Argentinian justice.
On 20 August 1995, Recreo received its municipal charter, making it an autonomous town.
Twenty-first century
In 2004, Recreo suffered a magnitude 7.0 earthquake. In 2005, it was recognised that land for expansion in Recreo was becoming limited. On June 15, 2007, an official city flag was announced. It was coloured green for the mountains and pastures surrounding the city, created the flag of the city, its colors are green on the mountains of jarillas, quebrachos and pastures that surround the city, white salt of the Salinas Grandes and yellow for the sunshine. There was a shield positioned in the center of the flag.
In the first years of the new century, Recreo experienced the common social problems such as drug use, alcohol misuse and crime. In 2014, community police were introduced to curb these problems.
Infrastructure projects included the building of a bike path in 2003 and sewers in 2006; insertion of traffic lights in 2007; and the opening of a cultural center in 2011, a cinema and weather station in 2013 and a new bus station in 2015. Plazas and promenades were remodelled and boulevards, parks and shrines were improved. A municipal sports complex was renovated.
References
Recreo
Albert Wolters may refer to:
Albert M. Wolters (born 1942), professor of religion
Albert William Wolters (1893–1961), British psychologist
Volker Ullrich (born 14 October 1975) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2013.
Political career
Ullrich first became a member of the Bundestag after the 2013 German federal election, elected in Augsburg City. In parliament, he has been a member of the Committee on Legal Affairs (since 2013) and the Committee on European Affairs (2018–2021). In this capacity, he serves as his parliamentary group's rapporteur on the fundamental rights in the German Constitution. Since the 2021 elections, Ullrich has been serving as his parliamentary group's spokesperson for consumer protection.
In addition to his committee assignments, Ullrich is a member of the German Parliamentary Friendship Group with Portugal and Spain. Since 2014, he has been a member of the German delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE). In the Assembly, he has been chairing the Committee on the Election of Judges to the European Court of Human Rights since 2019. He is also a member of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Human Rights.
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1975 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
People from Illertissen
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Emma Elizabeth Russell (born 18 August 1995) is a Danish ice hockey player and member of the Danish national ice hockey team, currently playing with the Rødovre Mighty Bulls Q of the KvindeLigaen ().
Russell has represented Denmark at seven IIHF Women's World Championships: the Top Division tournament in 2021, the Division I Group A tournaments in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017, and the Group B tournament in 2012.
References
External links
Living people
1995 births
Danish women's ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Denmark
William Stiles Bennet (November 9, 1870 – December 1, 1962) was an American politician and a U.S. Representative from New York, and father of Augustus Witschief Bennet.
Biography
Born in Port Jervis, New York, Bennet was the son of James and Alice Leonora (Stiles) Bennet and attended the common schools. He graduated from Port Jervis Academy, Port Jervis, New York, in 1889; and from Albany Law School, Albany, New York, in 1892.
He married Gertrude Witschief, on June 30, 1896.
Career
Bennet was a lawyer in private practice and an official reporter of the Orange County Board of Supervisors from 1892 to 1893. He was a member of the New York State Assembly (New York County, 21st District) in 1901 and 1902. He served as justice of the municipal court of New York, New York, 1903. He served as member of the United States Immigration Commission from 1907 to 1910 and was one of two (of fourteen) members that generally opposed the restriction of immigration. He served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1908 and 1916. Bennet also spoke out against the denial of civil rights to African Americans in southern states, noting that those states benefited from greater representation because of the size of their black population but prevented those black citizens from voting.
Elected as a Republican to the Fifty-ninth and to the two succeeding Congresses, Bennet served as U. S. Representative for the seventeenth district of New York from March 4, 1905, to March 3, 1911. An unsuccessful candidate for reelection to the Sixty-second Congress in 1910, he was elected to the Sixty-fourth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of United States Representative Joseph A. Goulden of the twenty-seventh district of New York and served from November 2, 1915 to March 3, 1917. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection to the Sixty-fifth Congress in 1916.
Bennet was the official parliamentarian of the Republican National Convention at Chicago in 1916, United States delegate to the Seventeenth International Congress Against Alcoholism held at Copenhagen, 1923, as well as a business executive. An unsuccessful candidate for election to the Seventy-fifth Congress in 1936, he served as a delegate to the New York state constitutional convention in 1938. He was an unsuccessful candidate at a special election in 1944 to fill a vacancy in the Seventy-eighth Congress.
Death
Bennet died in Falkirk Hospital, Central Valley, Orange County, New York, on December 1, 1962 (age 92 years, 22 days). He was cremated; his ashes are interred at Laurel Grove Cemetery, Port Jervis, New York.
References
External links
1870 births
1962 deaths
People from Port Jervis, New York
Albany Law School alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Beirut, Lebanon, commemorates Lebanese soldiers who served and died during the French Mandate of Lebanon from 1920 to 1943; of the Legion of the Orient (a unit formed by the French in 1916, during World War I) and its successor the Army of the Levant. The tomb also represents the forming and independence of the Lebanese Armed Forces from the French Armed Forces in 1943. The cenotaph in the middle includes a Cedrus libani tree centered by a laurel; the main symbol of Roman legions. Around the cedar tree and laurel reads in Arabic: "Glory and Immortality for our Martyred Heroes". Behind the cenotaph are original Roman columns that date back to the time of the Roman Empire.
See also
Troupes coloniales
References
Monuments and memorials in Lebanon
French Mandate for Syria and the Lebanon
Tombs of Unknown Soldiers
The term Albanian principalities refers to a number of principalities created in the Middle Ages in Albania and the surrounding regions in the western Balkans that were ruled by Albanian nobility. The 12th century marked the first Albanian principality, the Principality of Arbanon. It was later, however, in the 2nd half of the 14th century that these principalities became stronger, especially with the fall of the Serbian Empire after 1355. Some of these principalities were notably united in 1444 under the military alliance called League of Lezhë. They covered modern day Albania, Kosovo, Epirus, areas of Corinth, western North Macedonia, southern Montenegro. The leaders of these principalities were some of the most noted Balkan figures in the 14th and 15th centuries such as Gjin Bue Shpata, John Zenebisi, Karl Topia,Balsha family, Gjergj Arianiti, Gjon Kastrioti, Skanderbeg, Dukagjini family and Lek Dukagjini.
List of Albanian principalities
Principality of Arbanon
The Principality of Arbanon (1190–1255) was the first Albanian state during the Middle Ages. The proclamation of the feudal state of Arbanon, in the north of Albania, with Kruja as the capital took place in 1190. As the founder of this state is known Progoni and later on Gjini and Dhimiter. Nderfandina is known as the most important center of this principality. For this was spoken clearly by the emblem of Arbanon found carved on a stone in the Catholic Church of Saint Maria. After the fall of Progon Dynasty the principality came under Grigor Kamona and Gulam of Albania. Finally the principality was dissolved in 1255. The best period of the principality was under Dhimiter Progoni.
Despotate of Angelokastron and Lepanto
Despotate of Angelokastron and Lepanto (1358–1374) was a Despotate, ruled by Albanian chieftains of Epirus. It was created after the defeat of Nikephoros II Orsini in 1358 and ceased to exist in 1374, when its despot, Gjin Bua Shpata, unified the territory with Despotate of Arta.
Principality of Valona
The Principality of Valona (1346–1417) was a medieval state roughly encompassing the territories of the modern Albanian counties of Vlorë (Valona) and Berat. Initially a vassal of the Serbian Empire, it became an independent lordship after 1355 until conquered by the Ottoman Turks in 1417. Between 1355 and 1417, there were Bulgarian rulers from Asen family and rulers from the Balšić family.
Principality of Dukagjini
The Principality of Dukagjini () refers to the domains of the Albanian Dukagjini family in northern Albania and western Kosovo in the 14th century and 15th century. At their maximum extent, the domains of the Dukagjini extended from Upper Zadrima in the northwest to the Plain of Dukagjini in western Kosovo. The political center of the Dukagjini family was Lezhë until 1393 when it was surrendered to Venice in order to not fall under the Ottomans. The Ottoman sanjak of Dukagjin was named after the rule of the family in the areas that formed it. The principality formally existed until 1479, but in 1444 it was united by Skanderbeg with the other Albanian noble families.
Despotate of Arta
Despotate of Arta (1355–1416) was a Despotate, ruled by Albanian chieftains of Epirus. It was created after the defeat of Nikephoros II Orsini in 1358 and ceased to exist in 1416. After the death of Peter Losha in 1374, the Albanian despotates of Arta and Angelocastron were united under the rule of Despot Gjin Bua Shpata. The territory of this despotate was from the Corinth Gulf to Acheron River in the North, neighboring with the Principality of John Zenevisi, another state created in the area of the Despotate of Epirus. The Despotate of Epirus managed to control in this period only the eastern part of Epirus, with its capital in Ioannina.
During this period the Despotate of Epirus was ruled by Thomas II Preljubović, who was in an open conflict with Gjin Bue Shpata. In 1375, Gjin Bue Shpata started an offensive in Ioannina, but he couldn't invade the city. Although Shpata married with the sister of Thomas II Preljubović, Helena their war did not stop. After the death of Gjin Bua Shpata in 1399, the Despotate of Arta weakened continuously. Among the animosities with the rulers of Janina Gjin's successor, Muriq Shpata, had to deal with the intentions of the Venetians and of Count Carlo I Tocco of Cefalonia. In 1416 he defeated Jakup Shpata and conquered Arta, ending the Shpata dynasty.
Principality of Gjirokastër
Principality of Gjirokastër (1373–1418) was a principality created by John Zenevisi in 1386 and abolished after the Ottoman invasion in 1434. In 1380, John Zenevisi was appointed sebastocrator or prefect of Vagenetia near Delvina and in 1386 he became prince. In 1399 Esau, supported by some Albanian clans, marched against his wife's brother-in-law John Zenevisi of Argyrokastron. Now Esau was routed and captured, and much of his land was occupied by Zenevisi. Esau returned to Ioannina in 1400, regaining the reign from Zenebishi. Zenebishi was defeated by the Turks, he fled to the Venetian island of Corfu, but was called back two years later (1416) by an uprising of the mountain tribes. With the support of Venice, he again set his sights on Gjirokastra, but was chased away once more by the Turks and died in Corfu in 1418.
Lordship of Berat
The Lordship of Berat was a principality ruled by the Muzaka noble family. It's uncertain when the Muzaka family started to rule in central Albania, however, one of the first notable rulers is the sebastokrator Andrea I Muzaka who ruled over Myzeqe. In 1335 the principality became a Despotate and was significantly expanded during the rule of Andrea II. The Muzaka family continued to be a formidable and influential dynasty in central Albania until 1417 when it eventually fell under the Ottoman Empire.
Kastrioti Principality
Principality of Kastrioti (1389–1444) was one of the most important principalities in Medieval Albania. It was created by Gjon Kastrioti and then ruled by the national hero of Albania, Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg.
Gjon Kastrioti had originally only two small villages, which probably emblem of the eagle family with a black two-headed, even if it can provide different interpretations. In short time Gjon Kastrioti managed to expand its lands so as to become the undisputed lord of Central Albania.
Gjon Kastrioti was among those who opposed the early incursion of Ottoman Bayezid I, however his resistance was ineffectual. The Sultan, having accepted his submissions, obliged him to pay tribute and to ensure the fidelity of local rulers, Gjergj Kastrioti and his three brothers were taken by the Sultan to his court as hostages.
Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg was distinguished as one of the best officers in several Ottoman campaigns both in Asia Minor and in Europe, and the Sultan appointed him General.
On 28 November 1443, Skanderbeg saw his opportunity to rebel during a battle against the Hungarians led by John Hunyadi in Niš as part of the Crusade of Varna. He switched sides along with 300 other Albanians serving in the Ottoman army. After a long trek to Albania he eventually captured Krujë by forging a letter from the Sultan to the Governor of Krujë, which granted him control of the territory. After capturing the castle, Skanderbeg abjured Islam and proclaimed himself the avenger of his family and country.
Following the capture of Krujë, Skanderbeg managed to bring together all the Albanian princes in the town of Lezhë (see League of Lezhë, 1444). Gibbon reports that the "Albanians, a martial race, were unanimous to live and die with their hereditary prince" and that "in the assembly of the states of Epirus, Skanderbeg was elected general of the Turkish war and each of the allies engaged to furnish his respective proportion of men and money".
Principality of Topiaj (medieval)
Principality of Albania was an Albanian principality ruled by the formidable Albanian dynasty of Thopia. One of the first notable rulers is Tanusio Thopia who was count of Mat since 1328. The most influential figure from this dynasty as well one of the most influential figures of medieval Albania was Karl Thopia. The principality changed hands between the Thopia dynasty and the Balšić dynasty, until 1392, when Durrës was annexed by the Republic of Venice.
Principality of Mataranga
The Mataranga family, who were wealthy in the southern Albania coastal region between Durazzo and Valona, whose first known members were recorded in a document from the Republic of Ragusa as rulers of the territory. Temporary vassals of the Byzantine Emperors, at the beginning of the 14th century they accepted the supremacy of Philip of Taranto, who recaptured Durazzo in 1304 for the House of Anjou of the Kingdom of Naples. One of the last members was the ruler Blasius Matarango who after Dusan's death ruled from 1355 until his death in 1367, after his death the territories of the Mataranga family were incorporated into the Principality of Albania.
Principality of Gropaj
The Gropa family was one of the biggest and famous Albanian noble families in the eastern Albania. The dynasty controlled the region between Pogradec, Ohrid and Debar in the period 12th – 14th century. In 1218 a certain Andrea was mentioned as a powerful sebast. In 1273 is mentioned Pal Gropa which once again reconfirmed the domains of the Gropa family and were even given extended privileges by Charles I of Anjou in order to ensure his loyalty. The Gropa noble family ruled until 1395 when it fell under the rapid expansion of the Ottoman Empire.
Principality of Zahariaj
The first ruler of the Zaharia dynasty was Koja Zaharia who captured the castle of Dagnum in 1396 he proclaimed himself the Lord of Sati and Dagnum ("dominus Sabatensis et Dagnensis") and from there he ruled the territory around it as an Ottoman vassal. In October 1400 Koja proposed to the Venetians to simulate a battle in which he and his cousin Dhimitër Jonima would pretend to lose their possessions to the Venetians, in exchange for provision of 500 ducats annually. The Venetians did not promptly respond and Koja returned to the sultan. Koja continued to rule until 1430 when Ishak Bey captured Dagnum from Koja Zaharia in 1430 it was attached to the territory controlled by Ali Beg, while Koja was either imprisoned or expelled. After the Albanian Revolt of 1432–1436 was crushed the sultan entrusted Koja's son Lekë Zaharia with a position of Dagnum's governor.
See also
Principality of Albania
List of Albanian monarchs
References
Bibliography
"History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science.
Former countries in Europe
Peter J. Cooper, is a British psychopathologist and academic. He is Professor of Psychopathology at the University of Reading. He was elected a fellow of the British Academy in 2016. Cooper is a specialist in intergenerational transmission of psychopathology, child cognitive and socio-emotional development in the developing world, and the development evaluation and dissemination of parenting interventions.
Selected works
References
Living people
Fellows of the British Academy
Academics of the University of Reading
Psychopathologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Thomas Henry Parry, DSO, DL (1881 – 8 October 1939) was a Welsh Liberal politician, lawyer and soldier.
Date of birth
One usually reliable source shows Parry's date of birth as 21 April 1878, however The Times newspaper in its obituary of Parry reported he was aged 58 at death making his date of birth 1881. This is also the date given in the publication Who was Who. This date seems the more likely as it was reported at the time Parry was adopted as the Liberal candidate for the 1913 Flint Boroughs by-election that he was aged 32 years. His age at death was also given as 58 years in the Law Journal.
Birth and education
Parry was born in Mold in Flintshire the son of Thomas Parry JP. He was educated at University College, Aberystwyth and Christ's College, Cambridge where he received his MA and LL.B degrees with honours.
Law and the Army
Parry was called to the Bar at the Inner Temple and practised as a member of Chester and North Wales Circuit. At the outbreak of the First World War, Parry enlisted and was a subaltern in the 5th Royal Welch Fusiliers, Territorials. He served in the European theatre, Gallipoli, Egypt and Palestine between 1914 and 1919. He was wounded at Suvla Bay and hospitalised in Cairo. By the time of his injury at Suvla, where he also contracted frostbite, Parry had risen to the rank of captain. He was also wounded three times in action in Gaza, by which time he had risen to the rank of major, in which conflict he won the Distinguished Service Order in 1917. For his bravery in other actions Parry was mentioned in dispatches and won the Order of the Nile.
After the war, Parry continued to be associated with the Royal Welch Fusiliers. By November 1918 he had achieved the rank of major, by May 1919 he had risen to the rank of colonel, and by August 1919 he was lieutenant-colonel. He ended up lieutenant-colonel commanding the 5/6 Royal Welch Fusiliers and was Military Member of the Flintshire Territorial Force Association.
Politics
Parry entered Parliament at a by-election in January 1913 following the death of the sitting Liberal member for Flint Burghs, James Woolley Summers. The constituency included Parry's home town of Mold where he was a prominent lawyer and he was elected with a majority of 211 votes over the Unionist, J H Roberts – as usual in these contests a reduced majority from the previous election when Summers had a majority of 509. The constituency disappeared in boundary changes in 1918 so Parry transferred to the county seat of Flintshire. Parry received the coalition government coupon at the 1918 general election and was returned unopposed At the 1922 general election Parry faced Labour and Unionist opponents but held the seat. Labour did not contest the seat at the 1923 election but again Parry held off a challenge from the Tories. He was unable to campaign in Flintshire at the 1924 general election through illness brought on as a result of his war wounds and the seat passed into Conservative hands.
In 1922, Parry had been appointed as deputy lieutenant of Flintshire. One of his other duties was as a member of the Regional Pension Advisory Committee for Wales.
Death
Parry died at his home in Mold on 8 October 1939 having been ill with pneumonia.
References
External links
1881 births
1939 deaths
Alumni of Aberystwyth University
Alumni of Christ's College, Cambridge
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for Welsh constituencies
British Army personnel of World War I
Royal Welch Fusiliers officers
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
UK MPs 1910–1918
UK MPs 1918–1922
UK MPs 1922–1923
UK MPs 1923–1924
Deputy Lieutenants of Flintshire
Members of the Inner Temple
National Liberal Party (UK, 1922) politicians
Linda Goode Bryant (born July 21, 1949) is an African-American documentary filmmaker and activist. She founded the gallery Just Above Midtown (JAM), which will be the focus of an exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art in the fall of 2022, organized by curator Thomas Lax.
In 2009, Goode Bryant started Project EATS, an urban farming initiative for black and brown communities in New York City.
Early life, family, and education
Goode Bryant was born in Columbus, Ohio, to parents Floyd and Josephine Goode.
In 1972, Goode Bryant received her Bachelor of Art degree in studio art with a minor in drama at Spelman College in Atlanta, Georgia. In 1980, she received her Master of Business Administration degree in management from Columbia University in New York City.
Career
After graduating from Spelman College, Goode Bryant moved to New York City in 1972 and became a fellow at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and then was hired as the director of education at the Studio Museum in Harlem. Her work in museums highlighted the disparities in the art world and led her to found Just Above Midtown (JAM), a gallery that supported African-American artists and artists of color.
Just Above Midtown (1974–1986)
In 1974, at the age of 23, Goode Bryant founded Just Above Midtown (JAM), a New York City non-profit interdisciplinary artists' space that spotlighted and supported new work by African-American artists and artists of color, many of whom created abstract work, used affordable materials, and created video and performance art. The first exhibition at the gallery, Synthesis: A combination of parts or elements into a complex whole on view from November 19–December 23, 1974, featured work by David Hammons, Camille Billops, Elizabeth Catlett, and Norman Lewis.
Originally located on West 57th Street, JAM was the first gallery space to exhibit the work of African-American artists and other artists of color in a major gallery district. At JAM's inception, works by artists of color were primarily exhibited in community centers and cultural institutions in African-American, Native American, Latino and Asian communities. JAM was met with resentment and hostility from nearby galleries. JAM emerged during the recession and was created with the purpose to initiate social change. During this time there was a distinct difference in the value of white artists compared to non-white artists within the art industry. Goode Bryant intended JAM to be a place where black artists could be free from the oppressive views of the commercial industry.
In 1977, JAM moved to 178-80 Franklin Street in Tribeca as a result of an increase in rent costs. Tribeca offered a larger space and was located further downtown compared to the location on West 57th Street. While it continued to operate as a commercial gallery and exhibition space, Goode Bryant and her team emphasized live events, such as performances, readings, video screenings, and lectures which included business seminars. JAM initiated a seminar and service program called "The Business of Being an Artist". This program was meant to provide materials and opportunities for artists. In May 1982, Goode Bryant and Janet Henry published the first issue of Blackcurrant, a broadsheet publication that focused on the work of artists affiliated with JAM.
In 1984, JAM moved to its final location at 503 Broadway and ceased being a commercial gallery, instead functioning as studio space for artists. JAM's publication Blackcurrant became B Culture, was edited by Greg Tate and musician and producer Craig Dennis Street, and included features on music, art, literature, and popular culture. JAM officially closed in 1986.
JAM offered artists, many of which are now established figures in the field, early opportunities to show their work including David Hammons, Butch Morris, Senga Nengudi, Lorraine O'Grady, Maren Hassinger, Adrian Piper, Fred Wilson, and Howardena Pindell.
The Museum of Modern Art will present "Just Above Midtown: 1974 to the present," the first museum exhibition on the gallery. It will be curated by Thomas J. Lax and open in the Fall of 2022. It will present archival material historicizing the gallery alongside artwork shown at JAM.
Filmmaking
Goode Bryant co-produced and directed Flag Wars (2003) with Laura Poitras, which became a cinéma vérité Emmy Award-nominated documentary. Flag Wars was filmed over four years and was set in her hometown, Columbus, Ohio. The film explores the events that take place when white homosexual homebuyers move to a working class primarily black neighborhood resulting in conflicts due to the strong difference in culture and values of each group. This film displays themes of prejudice, gentrification, privilege, poverty, and politics. Goode Bryant and Poitras received the Center for Documentary Studies Filmmaker Award in 2003 for Flag Wars.
She also directed other films including a segment of Time Piece (2006), a documentary displaying the reflections of several American and Turkish Artists, Hurricane Teens (1998), Can You See Me Now? (2006), and a reality television documentary called Mustafa (2004). Apart from directing, Linda Goode Bryant was also a part of the film Colored Frames, a documentary that looks at the influences and experiences of black artists in the past fifty years.
Awards
Goode Bryant has been recognized with numerous awards, including a Guggenheim Fellowship (2004) and Peabody Award. In 2020 she was recognized for her achievements by Anonymous Was A Woman, a grant-making organization focused on supporting women artists over 40 years of age.
Activism
Active Citizen Project (ACP) and Project EATS
Goode Bryant is a Founder and the Executive Director of the Active Citizen Project (ACP), a non-profit organization that serves as a catalyst and laboratory for broad-based public activism using art and new media as tools for social change. Under the auspices of the Active Citizen Project, Goode Bryant also developed Project EATS in 2008 during the Global Food Crisis. Project EATS is a network of New York City urban farms that offers community programs and economic opportunities. She has a philosophy on art and how it relates to food and life. She expresses this through her involvement in Project EATS and believes in the importance of caring for others.
References
External links
Project EATS
1949 births
African-American art dealers
African-American film directors
American activists
American art dealers
Artists from Columbus, Ohio
Columbia Business School alumni
Film directors from Ohio
Living people
Spelman College alumni
Women art dealers
Carenum brisbanense is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Castelnau in 1867.
References
brisbanense
Taxa named by François-Louis Laporte, comte de Castelnau
Beetles described in 1867
William de Pembroke was Archdeacon of Totnes in England during 1263.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
This is a list of Members of Parliament (MPs) elected to the Grand National Assembly for the 24th Parliament of the Republic of Turkey at the 2011 general election.
Electoral districts are ordered according to plate codes of respective provinces, and parties within the electoral districts are ordered according to their nationwide vote (AKP, CHP, MHP, independents). Within the parties, MPs are ordered according to their orders in the party lists.
The list shows the parties from which they were elected, not subsequent changes. It also does not show the vacated seats. 15 seats have been vacated as of 8 February 2015 (4 deaths, 10 elected mayors, 1 elected president
Adana
Adıyaman
Afyonkarahisar
Ağrı
Amasya
Ankara
Region 1
Region 2
Antalya
Artvin
Aydın
Balıkesir
Bilecik
Bingöl
Bitlis
Bolu
Burdur
Bursa
Çanakkale
Çankırı
Çorum
Denizli
Diyarbakır
Edirne
Elazığ
Erzincan
Erzurum
Eskişehir
Gaziantep
Giresun
Gümüşhane
Hakkari
Hatay
Isparta
Mersin
Istanbul
Region 1
Region 2
Region 3
Izmir
Region 1
Region 2
Kahramanmaraş
Kars
Kastamonu
Kayseri
Kırklareli
Kırşehir
Kocaeli
Konya
Kütahya
Malatya
Manisa
Mardin
Muğla
Muş
Nevşehir
Niğde
Ordu
Rize
Sakarya
Samsun
Siirt
Sinop
Sivas
Şanlıurfa
Tekirdağ
Tokat
Trabzon
Tunceli
Uşak
Van
Yozgat
Zonguldak
Aksaray
Bayburt
Karaman
Kırıkkale
Batman
Şırnak
Bartın
Ardahan
Iğdır
Yalova
Karabük
Kilis
Osmaniye
Düzce
External links
Current state of the parties - Turkish Parliament
Full election data as a spreadsheet, Hürriyet
2011 Turkish general election
Terms of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey
Political history of Turkey
Thomas Tierney (30 October 1894 – 25 March 1984) was an Irish hurler. Usually lining out as a corner-back, he was a substitute on the Kilkenny senior hurling team that won the 1922 All-Ireland Championship.
Honours
Kilkenny
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship (1): 1922
Leinster Senior Hurling Championship (1): 1922
References
1894 births
1984 deaths
Hurling backs
John Locke's hurlers
Kilkenny inter-county hurlers
The Archiv für Diplomatik, Schriftgeschichte, Siegel- und Wappenkunde (shortened to Archiv für Diplomatik, and abbreviated as AfD) is a historical journal dedicated to the Auxiliary sciences of history.
The journal, founded by Edmund E. Stengel, is the successor of the Archiv für Urkundenforschung, founded in 1908 by Michael Tangl and is published annually since 1955. It publishes research and essays on all topics of auxiliary sciences of history from the early Middle Ages to the current time, with an emphasis on diplomatics and associated areas. Former publishers include Walter Heinemeyer; current editors are Theo Kölzer und Walter Koch.
References
External links
Homepage
German-language journals
History journals
International relations journals
Dale Bank railway station served the hamlet of Dalebank, Derbyshire, England, from 1925 to 1936 on the Ashover Light Railway.
History
The station was opened on 7 April 1925 by the Ashover Light Railway. It was a request stop. It closed on 14 September 1936.
References
Disused railway stations in Derbyshire
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1925
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1936
1925 establishments in England
1936 disestablishments in England
William Alexander (12 June 1826 - 19 February 1894) was a Scottish journalist and author. His most widely known novel Johnny Gibb of Gushetneuk, paints a vivid picture of economic and social relations in a rural parish in Aberdeenshire during the 1840s, against the background of the Disruption in the Scottish Kirk.<ref name="Donaldson1995">Donaldson, William, Introduction to Alexander, William, Johnny Gibb of Gushetneuk, Tuckwell Press Ltd., East Linton, 1995, pp. vii - xxiii ,</ref>
Early life
William Alexander was born at Chapel of Garioch, at the foot of Benachie, in Aberdeenshire, the eldest son of James Alexander (1789 - 1856), a blacksmith and farmer, and his wife Anne Wilson (1802 - 1889). He was brought up on the farm of Damhead, Pitcaple and attended school in Daviot. He had intended to become a farmer, but the loss of a leg in an accident in his early twenties ended that prospect. While recovering, he read a lot, taught himself Latin, learned shorthand and began to write poems and stories for local periodicals.Gweed Wirds: William Alexander, in Wee Windaes, 2019
Career in Journalism
Alexander established himself as a writer with the help of the Mutual Instruction movement which flourished in North-East Scotland at this time under the direction of William McCombie of Cairnballoch, farmer, philosopher, economist and newspaper editor, who gave him a job as reporter and chief clerk of the Aberdeen Free Press in the autumn of 1852. Alexander eventually succeeded McCombie as editor of the paper, and went on to become one of the leading professional journalists in Victorian Scotland. Politically, he was a radical, supporting land reform, the abolition of hereditary privileges and Irish Home Rule. His writing championed the crofters and small farmers of Aberdeenshire.
Alexander's first substantial piece of journalism was a series entitled Sketches of Rural Life in Aberdeenshire which began in the North of Scotland Gazette on 31 December 1852 and continued in the Aberdeen Free Press until December of the following year.
His assiduous reporting on the cattle disease rinderpest after it reached Aberdeenshire in June 1865 assisted the development of effective local measures to limit its spread.
Alexander's series of essays on The Aberdeenshire Crofter, published in the Aberdeen Free Press in 1886, were written in support of the campaign by the Scottish Land Reform Alliance (SLRA) to have the provisions of the Crofters' Holdings Bill extended to Aberdeenshire and the other north-eastern counties.
Political tensions developed between the proprietors of the Aberdeen Free Press. Alexander's younger brother Henry, who became editor of the Daily Free Press, took a Liberal-Unionist position on the Irish Question, and the brothers became bitterly estranged.
Alexander was created Vice-President of the Institute of Journalists in recognition of his work.
Fiction
Alexander was a prolific novelist of wide thematic range and considerable variety of style, from austere realism at one end of the scale, to mellow social comedy at the other. His works were serialised in popular newspapers. He consciously avoided the book as a publication vehicle. The speech of his characters was rendered in an orthography which sought to convey the sound system of Lowland Scots in Central Aberdeenshire in the middle of the nineteenth century. William Donaldson has placed him in the Realist tradition.
The series Sketches of Rural Life in Aberdeenshire ran in the Aberdeen Free Press during 1853. The Authentic History of Peter Grundie appeared in the Penny Free Press in 1855, and is the earliest novel of substance to be written specifically for publication in a Scottish newspaper. There followed The Laird of Drammochdyle in 1865, Ravenshowe and the Residenters Therein in 1867, and Johnny Gibb of Gushetneuk in 1869.The Laird of Drammochdyle and his Contemporaries was published serially in the Tuesday edition of the Aberdeen Free Press shortly after the paper went bi-weekly in 1865. It is a study of changing power relationships in which representatives of traditional elites are destroyed by the rising capitalist bourgeoisie. Its portrayal of the social impacts of Scotland's burgeoning brewing and distilling industries reflects Alexander's sympathy with the temperance movement.Johnny Gibb of Gushetneuk was first published as a serial in the Aberdeen Free Press between 28 September 1869 and 20 December 1870. It was published in book form in Aberdeen in 1871. William Donaldson has argued that it is property, and the abuse of power that flows from it, that is the ultimate concern of the novel. Ian Carter has described it as "a fiercely democratic novel about rural Scotland that is rooted in contemporary social and political struggle."
Alexander's later short stories, Mary Malcolmson's Wee Maggie, Baubie Huie's Bastart Geet, Francie Herregerie's Sharger Laddie and Couper Sandy, in the series Life Among my Ain Folk (1875), show the harsh consequences of economic and social change for cottars, labourers and small tenant farmers.
His last full novel, My Uncle the Baillie (1876) was published serially in Aberdeen's Herald and Weekly Free Press between 2 December 1876 and 15 May 1877. It deals with burgh politics in the city of Greyness (a thinly disguised Aberdeen) from the 1840s to the 1870s, casting a jaundiced eye on the Victorian ideal of Civic Virtue.
Personal life
Having taken on the responsibility of supporting his late father's young family, Alexander was married on 22 May 1867, aged forty one, to schoolteacher Anne Allan. They had no children.
William was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Law by Aberdeen University and has a plaque to his memory on his house at 3 Belvidere Street, Aberdeen.
His ancestry and family history is published in The Alexanders of Bourtie, 1690-1886.
Bibliography
The Laird of Drammochdyle and his Contemporaries: or, Random Sketches done in Outline with a Burnt Stick, Aberdeen University Press, 1986,
Rural Life in Victorian Aberdeenshire, edited by Ian Carter, The Mercat Press, Edinburgh,
Johnny Gibb of Gushetneuk in the Parish of Pyketillim, Tuckwell Press Ltd., East Linton, 1995,
My Uncle the Baillie, Tuckwell Press Ltd., East Lothian, 1995,
Notes and Sketches Illustrative of Northern Rural Life in the Eighteenth Century'', Robin Callendar, Finzean, 1981,
References
Scottish journalists
19th-century British journalists
1826 births
1884 deaths
19th-century Scottish novelists
People from Aberdeenshire
Chinnor Hill is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest east of Chinnor in Oxfordshire. It is managed by the Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust.
This hill has species-rich calcareous grassland, juniper scrub, which is an uncommon habitat, mixed scrub and woodland. More than 300 species of vascular plant have been recorded and 65 of birds. Many passerines breed in the scrub, and thrushes such as redwings and fieldfares feed on berries in the winter.
References
Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Oxfordshire
Tropical Storm Isidore was a relatively weak tropical cyclone that passed over most of the Florida Peninsula in late September 1984. The fifteenth tropical cyclone and 9th named storm of the 1984 Atlantic hurricane season. Isidore formed as a tropical depression on September 25, while situated off the southeastern Bahamas. The depression headed west, and was upgraded to a tropical storm in the central Bahamas the next day. It made landfall near Jupiter, Florida, and retaining tropical storm strength, Isidore curved to the northeast, emerging over water near Jacksonville, Florida. Isidore continued northeast until it was absorbed by a frontal system on October 1. Though damage was generally light, the storm affected several regions from the Bahamas to the U.S. East Coast. One death was reported in Florida, and total damage is estimated at $1 million (1984 USD).
Meteorological history
The storm system that would become Isidore originated in a nearly stationary frontal boundary situated near the Bahamas. On September 24, a ship reported winds of about in association with the disturbance. However, satellite imagery indicated that convection was just beginning to organize. Satellite imagery and Air Force reconnaissance reports documented the formation of a tropical depression early on September 25; a special statement was later issued by the National Hurricane Center (NHC) confirming the existence of the depression, and tropical cyclone advisories were initiated at 12 pm EDT. The depression moved west-northwest while tracking through the Bahamas. As it did so, it moved across Cat Island and passed near several others. The cyclone attained tropical storm status on September 26, receiving the name "Isidore".
While located near the northern tip of Andros Island, Isidore reached its peak intensity. The barometric pressure fell to 999 mb, with sustained winds of 60 mph (95 km/h). The storm continued moving northwest, though it failed to strengthen significantly over the Florida Current. The cyclone made landfall near Jupiter, Florida with sustained winds of about and subsequently moved inland. Previously, a large high pressure area over the eastern United States had prevented the cyclone from moving northward. The high moved away, allowing for Isidore to curve to the northeast, emerging over water near Jacksonville, Florida. The storm continued towards the northeast, passing about off of the Carolina coast. Isidore downgraded to a tropical depression on October 1, and was absorbed in a frontal zone later that day. Isidore was one of many storms during the 1984 season that formed in relatively cool baroclinic environments.
Preparations
Due to its mild nature, Isidore was described as a "safety test". Gale warnings were issued from as far south as Key West, Florida, to as far north as Virginia, including parts of Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina. A private meteorological service stated that Isidore was to intensify to hurricane status, leading to some confusion regarding preparations. Along the Treasure Coast of Florida, citrus farmers burned seedlings potentially infected with canker to prevent heavy rains from spreading the disease. Red Cross volunteers readied a shelter with supplies such as cots and sheets, though it remained unused. In Martin County, hundreds of firefighters were on standby. In Miami, rain from the storm led to the cancellation of horse races at the Calder Race Course. State parks in Monroe County were temporarily closed.
In Indian River, Martin, and St. Lucie counties, students were sent home early, and after-school actives were canceled. The South Beach Jetty Park in Fort Pierce was closed. In southern portions of the state, residents prepared their boats for the storm, and 50 F-4 Phantom fighter jets were evacuated from the Homestead Air Force Base and moved to bases in South Carolina. lumberyards, groceries stores, and hardware stores reported unusually high demand for emergency supplies, though certain smaller businesses closed early. Gasoline stations in the region "were doing bumper-to-bumper business". Farther to the south, in the Florida Keys, an emergency operations center was opened in response to the storm.
Impact
In Nassau, Bahamas, Isidore produced flooding rains and gales. There, the storm forced the closure of schools and banks. Heavy precipitation fell throughout the island chain, but no serious damage was reported.
Winds from Isidore gusted to in the St. Augustine, Florida area. Elsewhere, winds were recorded. At Mayport, winds were sustained at . In northern portions of the state, peak rainfall totals ranged from , much of which was associated with an intense convective band to the north and east of the cyclone's center. One tornado, ranked F1 on the Fujita scale, touched down near Savannah, Georgia. Power outages were mostly minor and scattered. Tides generally ran under above normal; combined with high winds, the tides contributed to severe and widespread beach erosion along the eastern coast of central Florida, threatening structures at times. A large, $500,000 beach restoration fill was washed away. Additionally, segments of State Road A1A were damaged. On Hutchinson Island, many eggs and nests of Caretta caretta and Chelonia mydas, respectively, were destroyed. One man was electrocuted as a result of the storm near Orlando. Another man was injured while attempting to land his plane in high winds. Throughout the state, overall damage was generally insignificant.
The storm also dropped heavy precipitation along the coasts of Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina, with sporadic showers in parts of Virginia. Offshore, swells of extensively damaged a wooden ship, the Phoenix. The vessel "barely escaped destruction", though a crew member suffered a cracked rib. Across its path, Isidore was estimated to have inflicted $1 million in damage.
See also
List of Florida hurricanes
List of Atlantic hurricanes
References
External links
HPC rainfall data
NHC Preliminary Report
Isidore
Isidore (1984)
Isidore (1984)
Isidore (1984)
Isidore (1984)
Isidore
The 2000 Skate Israel was the 6th edition of a senior-level international figure skating competition held in Metulla, Israel. It was held at the Canada Centre. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, and ice dancing.
Results
Men
Ladies
Ice dancing
External links
results
Skate Israel at the Israel Ice Skating Federation
Skate Israel
Israel Skate 2000
Skate Israel 2000
La Lupa is a Swiss singer and performer known in the Alps region for her eclectic stage performances while wearing colorful, eccentric costumes.
Biography
She was born Maryli Maura Marconi in the Onsernone valley in the canton of Ticino, on February 9, 1947. She was given the name La Lupa when she was a teenager and kept it as her stage name. When he was 20 years old, she went to Zurich, where she lives.
Career
Her first public performance was in 1980, when she played the leading role in the open-air play "Der Suppastai" with singer-songwriter Walter Liethaof in the Arcas-Platz de Chur, Swiss canton of the Grisons. Since then, she has produced around two dozen solo programs, often presented in Zurich spaces such as the Kunsthaus and the Stock Theater, accompanied by musicians Fortunat Frölich, Fabian Müller and Hieronymus Schädler on the stage, under the direction of Polish musician Michal Ratynski.
Her productions and audio recordings include musical renderings from poets like Dante Alighieri, Kahlil Gibran, Guillaume Apollinaire, Angelo Poliziano, Rabindranath Tagore, Hildegard von Bingen, Pablo Neruda, Federico Garcia Lorca, Francesco Petrarca, Salvatore Quasimodo, Friedrich Schiller, Biagio Marin, and Fernando Pessoa.<
She made a USA tour in 1993, during which she performed in New York and Washington, and she also had performances in Stockholm, Paris, Kyiv, Napoli, Venice, Cairo and Amsterdam. In 1992 she performed at the EXPO'92 in Seville. Freshness, fusion of soul and core, ingenuity, and juxtaposed cultural richness are traits mentioned by commentators to describe La Lupa's art. La Lupa's own definition of happiness is: "Happiness is when the struggle for life turns into the dance of life."
Media
A documentary about her life, directed by Lucienne Lanaz, was released in 1999. Interviews with the artist from the Neue Zürcher Zeitung (2018) and the Italian National Radio (2021) are available online.
Works
Selected recordings
Con Malizia E Passione ‎(LP, Album); Folk, World, & Country; Zytglogge, ZYT 240, 1982.
Cammino E Canto ‎(LP); Jazz, Rock, Pop, Contrabass - Fumio Shirato, Saxophone, Flute - Mario Giovanoli, Violin - Urs Walker, Vocals - La Lupa; Zytglogge, ZYT 250, 1984.
L'Amor Che Si Consuma (LP, CD); Folk, World, & Country; Cello - Fortunat Frölich, Viola Urzli Senn, Clarinet/Accordion - Hans Hassler, Vocals - La Lupa; Zytglogge, ZYT 265, 1988.
Poesie E Canzoni ‎(CD, Album); Folk, World, & Country, Viola - Urzli Senn, Vocals - La Lupa; Zytglogge, ZYT 4297, 1993.
La Gira La Röda - Grazie Alla Vita, Folk, World, & Country, Viola-Urzli Senn, Violoncello-Fortunat Frölich, Vocals-La Lupa; ‎(CD, Album), Zytglogge, ZYR 4540, 1995.
L'Odore Di Libertà ‎(CD, Album), Folk, World, & Country; Cellos - Fabian Müller, Fortunat Frölich, Vocals – La Lupa; Jecklin Red Note, JC 106-2, 1996.
Amor ‎(CD, Album); Classical, Folk, World, & Country; Saxophone - Harry Kinross White, Cello/arrangements - Fabian Müller, Vocals - La Lupa; MGB, CD 6188, 2002.
Publications
Schmid, Silvana (c 2011), Die Stimme der Wölfin (The voice of the she-wolf), photos by Gitty Darugar, published by Limmat Verlag, Zürich. ISBN 978-3-85791-632-8. OCLC 724772627
Documentary film about La Lupa by Lucienne Lanaz(1999): LA LUPA - Grazie alla vita.
References
External links
La Lupa's discography at Discogs
Website von La Lupa
Presseartikel über La Lupa
Tonaufnahmen von La Lupa in der Schweizerischen Nationalphonothek (hörbar nur in speziellen Stationen in Schweizer Bibliotheken)
Swiss singers
Living people
1947 births
The National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) is a national coordination body for law enforcement in the United Kingdom and the representative body for British police chief officers. Established on 1 April 2015, it replaced the former Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO), following the Parker Review of the operations of ACPO.
History
The NPCC was established on 1 April 2015 as the replacement organisation of the Association of Chief Police Officers.
In 2010, the Cameron Government announced a series of police reforms including local accountability through police and crime commissioners (PCC), and the creation of the National Crime Agency and the College of Policing. In 2013, the PCCs commissioned General Sir Nick Parker to review the services that ACPO provided and make recommendations about the requirements of a national policing body following the fundamental changes in policing. In 2014, a group of chief officers and PCCs began working together to implement Parker's recommendations and develop a national body. Chief officers voted in support of the group's proposals in July 2014. Chief Constable Sara Thornton was appointed to chair the NPCC on 2 December 2014. ACPO was closed down on 31 March 2015.
In October 2018, the NPCC threatened to take legal action in the High Court against government's plans to cut hundreds of millions of pounds from police funding. The Treasury planned to increase the money each force pays to the police pension scheme. This would involve forces paying a £420million bill, as well as the 19% cut to police funding since 2010. Police chiefs maintain reductions have made it hard for forces to protect the public. Leaders of three of the biggest forces fear officer levels will drop to those of the 1970s. The NPCC fears if the £420million bill is dealt with only by cutting police numbers, this will mean 10,000 fewer officers.
Structure and membership
The NPCC is founded by a legal agreement between chief constables, PCCs, and non-Home Office police force equivalents under Section 22A of the Police Act 1996. It is hosted by the Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) but acts independently.
The NPCC brings together and is funded by police forces in England, Wales and Northern Ireland as well as the armed services and some British overseas territories. It draws on the efforts and expertise of chief officers: those ranked assistant chief constable and above, or commander and above in MPS and City of London Police, and senior police staff equivalents. It coordinates police forces' collective operational responses to national threats such as terrorism, organised crime and national emergencies.
The current NPCC chair is Martin Hewitt, previously vice-chair (2015-2019). Michelle Skeer and Dave Thompson (chief constables of Cumbria Constabulary and West Midlands Police respectively) support him as vice-chairs in addition to serving as chief officers within their forces.
Chief Constables' Council
The Chief Constables' Council is the senior operational decision-making body for the National Police Chiefs' Council. Every police force is represented in the work of the NPCC through the Chief Constables' Council.
The Chief Constables' Council is the primary decision-making forum for the NPCC. Chief constables (and equivalents) meet quarterly to discuss operational policing issues and agree action. Working with the College of Policing, the council takes decisions on national standards and common approaches with the aim of protecting the public from the most serious and strategic threats.
Coordination committees
In addition to their day jobs, chief officers support the NPCC's work by providing national operational perspectives on particular crime and policing issues. There are eleven broad coordination committees, each led by a chief officer. Within each area, chief officers may also lead on specific issues - for example, under the Crime Operations Coordination Committee there are individual leads for domestic abuse, rape, drugs and cyber-crime. The coordination committees cover:
Crime operations
Criminal justice
Equality, diversity and human rights
Finance
Information management
International coordination
Local policing
Operations
Performance management
Workforce
Counterterrorism (chaired by Metropolitan Police Service assistant commissioner and responsible for the National Counterterrorism Policing Network)
Coordination committees work closely with the College of Policing to assist in the development of professional practice for police officers in different areas of policing. Representatives from the Government and other stakeholders in the criminal justice system and third sector are involved in the committees' work to include a range of perspectives.
Projects
The NPCC operates and/or collaborates with the following police projects:
ACRO Criminal Records Office (ACRO)
National Vehicle Crime Intelligence Service (NaVCIS)
International Crime Coordination Centre (ICCC)
National Ballistics Intelligence Service (NABIS)
National Domestic Extremism and Disorder Intelligence Unit (NDEDIU)
National Police Coordination Centre (NPoCC)
National Police Freedom of Information and Data Protection Unit (NPFDU)
National Wildlife Crime Unit (NWCU)
Secured by Design
National Counterterrorism Policing Network (NCTPN)
See also
Operation Hydrant
References
External links
Law enforcement in the United Kingdom
2015 establishments in the United Kingdom
The 1950 Campeonato Paulista da Primeira Divisão, organized by the Federação Paulista de Futebol, was the 49th season of São Paulo's top professional football league. Palmeiras won the title for the 12th time. no teams were relegated and the top scorer was Portuguesa's Pinga with 22 goals.
Championship
The championship was disputed in a double-round robin system, with the team with the most points winning the title. Originally, the team with the fewest points would be relegated, but the last-placed team of that year, Jabaquara, appealed to the sports courts, alleging that since it was one of FPF's founding members, the federation rules allowed the club to never be relegated. as a consequence, fellow founding members Comercial, that had been relegated in the previous year and had failed to be promoted, found itself invited back into the First Level.
Top Scores
References
Campeonato Paulista seasons
Paulista
Frederick George Matt Milton (21 October 1906 – August 1991) was an English water polo player and competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain at the Olympics and England at the British Empire Games during the 1930s. He was part of the British water polo team that finished eighth at the 1936 Summer Olympics. He played four matches. He was born in Marylebone, Great Britain. As a swimmer, he won a silver medal in the 4×200 yards freestyle relay at the 1930 British Empire Games in Hamilton, Ontario. In the 400-yard freestyle he finished fifth. His wife Irene Pirie-Milton and brother in law Bob Pirie were Canadian swimmers who also competed at the 1936 Olympics.
Milton married Canadian swimmer Irene Pirie; their son Hamilton Milton is a retired British Olympic swimmer.
See also
List of Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming (men)
References
1906 births
1991 deaths
English male freestyle swimmers
English male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Great Britain
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1930 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming
People from Marylebone
Artem Smolyakov (; born 29 May 2003) is a Ukrainian professional football defender who plays for Inhulets Petrove in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Career
Early years
Smolyakov is a product of the Dnipro youth sportive school system.
Inhulets Petrove
He signed a contract with the Ukrainian Premier League side Inhulets Petrove in August 2020. He made his debut in the Ukrainian Premier League for Inhulets as a second half-time substituted player in a losing home match against Shakhtar Donetsk on 22 November 2021.
References
External links
2003 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
Association football defenders
FC Inhulets Petrove players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Carenum carbonarium is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Castelnau in 1867.
References
carbonarium
Taxa named by François-Louis Laporte, comte de Castelnau
Beetles described in 1867
Hashan Dumindu (born 4 July 1995) is a Sri Lankan first-class cricketer. He was part of Sri Lanka's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. In November 2021, he was selected to play for the Colombo Stars following the players' draft for the 2021 Lanka Premier League.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
People from Western Province, Sri Lanka
Galle Guardians cricketers
Kegalle District cricketers
Depressaria emeritella is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in most of Europe. It is also found in the Near East and the eastern part of the Palearctic realm.
The wingspan is 22–26 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August and then hibernating until the following spring. There is one generation per year.
The larvae feed on Tanacetum vulgare. They live in rolled leaves of their host plant. Pupation takes place in a cocoon in the earth.
References
Moths described in 1849
Depressaria
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Prison Service of the Czech Republic ( or VS ČR) is the prison agency of the Czech Republic. Its head office is located in Prague District 4. the head of the prison service is genmjr. PhDr. Petr Dohnal.
References
External links
Prison Service of the Czech Republic
Prison Service of the Czech Republic
Prisons in the Czech Republic
Prison and correctional agencies
During the Parade of Nations section of the 1984 Winter Olympics opening ceremony, athletes from the participating countries marched into the arena. Each delegation was led by a flag bearer and a sign with the name of the country on it. The Parade of Nations was organized in Serbo-Croatian, the official language in Yugoslavia. As tradition dictates, Greece led the parade and Yugoslavia was the last to march to the stadium as the host nation.
Two nations were unable to march with their respective national flags, namely British Virgin Islands and Chinese Taipei. While Chinese Taipei was unable to use their flag and the name "Republic of China" due to participation of People's Republic of China, British Virgin Islands team was forced to use a replacement flag. The replacement flag is a white-colored cloth with the words “B. Djevičanska Ostrva” in blue color and the Olympic Rings on it. The organizers were unable to create the flag and created the replacement flag for the opening ceremony.
List
Notes
References
External links
Opening Ceremony of the 14th Winter Olympic Games - Youtube
Countries - Sports-Reference.com
Flag bearers
1984
Renan Inestroza (born 4 December 1965) is a member of the National Congress of Honduras representing the National Party of Honduras.
References
1965 births
Living people
Deputies of the National Congress of Honduras
National Party of Honduras politicians
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Fagerli Hydroelectric Power Station ( or Fagerli kraftstasjon) is a hydroelectric power station in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county, Norway. It utilizes a drop of between its intake reservoir at Nedre Daja (Lower Lake Daja; also , ) and Langvatnet (Long Lake) in Sulitjelma. The plant operates at an installed capacity of , with an average annual production of about 252 GWh. It is owned by Salten Kraftsamband and came into operation in 1975. The Fagerli plant was the first one built by Salten Kraftsamband, in cooperation with Sulitjelma Mines.
The old Fagerli Power Station
By 1898 a power station had been set up at the outflow of the Balmi River into Langvatnet, also named the Fagerli Power Station. It was built by Sulitjelma Mines and supplied electricity for general use in Sulitjelma and to the mine. It originally had an installed capacity of 175 kVA and a voltage of 5 kV. The power station was upgraded several times, and in 1929 a 4.2 MVA generator was installed with a 3.6 MW turbine. The gross head was with a maximum discharge of . A particular problem was the large amount of sediment carried by the Balmi River, which caused extensive wear and tear to the turbines.
See also
Daja Hydroelectric Power Station
References
Hydroelectric power stations in Norway
Fauske
Energy infrastructure completed in 1975
1975 establishments in Norway
Dams in Norway
Tip, Tap, and Toe were a seminal African-American tap-dance comedy act that began in the late 1920s and appeared in several motion pictures in the 1930s and '40s. Its original members were Sammy Green, Teddy Frazier, and Raymond Winfield. At times it included Freddie James and Prince Spencer, also a member of The Four Step Brothers. They worked for Eddie Cantor at Palace Theatre in New York and performed on their own at the Paramount Theatre, and were in George White's Scandals of 1936 and the Cotton Club Review. African-Americans were not allowed to star in major motion pictures in the 1930s and '40s, but specially acts, such as Tip, Tap, and Toe, were permitted, and the group appeared in all least five major Hollywood films during that time.
According to the Library of Congress Performing Arts DatabaseThey were among the first to line up and tap the same sounds using different steps or the same steps making different sounds, and then to build on that idea. Raymond Winfield is said to have contributed to the act's innovative slides. Working on a small oval platform, Winfield slid forward, backward, sideways, and around, as if he had buttered feet on a hot stove: gravity-defying balance with a maximum of activity on a minimum of space.
Filmography
By Request (1935 short)
Scandals (1936)
You Can't Have Everything (1937),
Pardon My Sarong (1942) with The Ink Spots
All by Myself (1943),
Honeymoon Lodge (1943), with Frank Veloz
Hi, Good Lookin'! (1944), with Louis DaPron.
Television appearances
Cavalcade of Bands
Episode 2.3 (1950)
Episode 2.17 (1951)
The Ken Murray Show (1950)
Van Heflin/Mel Torme (1950)
The Milton Berle Show
with guest host Morey Amsterdam (1948)
Episode 1.49 (1949)
References
Marshall and Jean Stearns, Jazz Dance: The Story of American Vernacular Dance (1968) p. 272
Larry Billman, Film Choreographers and Stage Directors: an Illustrated Biographic Encyclopedia, 1893–1995 (1995) pp. 66, 146, 389, 508-509
Rusty Frank, TAP! The Greatest Tap Dance Stars and Their Stories 1900-1955 (1995), pp. 65, 229, 295, films: 303-315
African-American male dancers
American male dancers
American dance groups
American tap dancers
Harlem Renaissance
Hlöðufell () is a tuya volcano, located about 10 km southwest of Langjökull, Iceland. Hlöðufell is 1188 metres above sea level, and was formed when lava erupted through Langjökull (which was larger during the last ice age) during the Pleistocene.
See also
Volcanism of Iceland
List of volcanoes in Iceland
External links
Tuyas of Iceland
Pleistocene volcanoes
West Volcanic Zone of Iceland
Clive Deverall, AM, HonDLitt (Curtin), (born 1 August 1941) was the CEO of the Cancer Council of Western Australia from 1977 to 2000.
Career
He worked in Western Australia in the cancer control sector from 1977 to 2000. Following his retirement from Cancer Council Western Australia in 2000, he has represented consumer interests in settings that include the National Health and Medical Research Council, Medical Services Advisory Committee, the Department of Health & Ageing and Cancer Voices. In 2005 he worked with the Australian Senate, assisting in writing the report of its inquiry into cancer services in Australia.
Honours
He was awarded an Honorary Doctors of Letters from the Curtin University in 2000.
He was awarded the Order of Australia on 11 June 2001 for service to community health, particularly through the promotion of cancer awareness programmes and support services of the Cancer Foundation of Western Australia.
The Clive Deverall Society was launched in 2004 by the Cancer Council Western Australia as a way of thanking the insightful people who have included a gift in their will to Cancer Council WA.
Illness and death
Deverall was an advocate for legalising voluntary assisted dying. After years of living with Non-Hodgkin lymphoma and having had a number of mini-strokes, he committed suicide on the day of the Western Australian state election in March 2017.
Deverall's widow, Noreen Fynn, was on a panel that wrote voluntary assisted dying laws for the Western Australian parliament. Voluntary assisted dying was legalised in Western Australia in December 2019, and came into effect in July 2021.
Personal life
An avid squash player, in 2002 Deverall won the Plate in Men's 60-64 Division 2 in Squash at the World Master's Games, held in Melbourne, Australia.
References
Members of the Order of Australia
People from Perth, Western Australia
1941 births
2017 deaths
Suicides in Western Australia
William A. Tomasso, also known as Billy or Bill, is an American construction executive. Tomasso along with the Peter N. Ellef, chief of staff to state governor John G. Rowland, pled guilty on charges related to fast-tracking state contracts to Tomasso's firm in 2006.
Early life and family
William A. Tomasso was born in New Britain, Connecticut to Angelo Tomasso Jr. and Joy Tomasso. He is member of the third generation of the Tomasso family construction dynasty. William attended the Kingswood Oxford School before spending a year abroad at a school in Florence, Italy. He holds a degree in Finance from Babson College.
Career
In 1968 Angelo Tomasso Jr.'s four sons formed Tomasso Brothers Inc. under the umbrella of the family Tomasso Group with William as the President.
The fortunes of the Tomasso group improved when William struck up a close connection to Governor Rowland and got interested in politics. According to the Journal Inquirer William had been a "frequent and respected presence at the state Capitol." Tomasso was able to accompany top Rowland administration aides and officials on trips, sometimes in secret, which gave him an advantage in the subsequent bidding processes.
In 2003 William allegedly stalked and harassed a former Tomasso Group contractor and his wife.
As of 2018 William was the President of TBI Construction. As of 2019 William was a board member of the Greater New Britain Chamber of Commerce and a board member of the Opportunities Industrialization Center (OIC) of New Britain.
Trial and imprisonment
In 2004 the Tomasso Group, Group president William Tomasso, subsidiary TBI Construction, subsidiary Tunxis Management, and Governor Rowland's Chief of Staff Peter N. Ellef were indicted on numerous charges including fraud, racketeering, bribery, and extortion. Ellef had instructed Connecticut Department of Public Works Commissioner Theodore R. Anson to fast track major public works contracts with the explicit purpose of awarding them to the Tomasso Group.
In 2006 Tomasso and Ellef were each sentenced to 30 months in prison. They both pleaded guilty and Tomasso's plea deal required him to admit that he bribed his way into the Long Lane School management contract and the $57 million Connecticut Juvenile Training School contract.
See also
George A. Tomasso
References
People from New Britain, Connecticut
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American white-collar criminals
Brain on Fire is a 2016 biographical drama film directed and written by Irish filmmaker Gerard Barrett. The film is based on Susannah Cahalan's memoir Brain on Fire: My Month of Madness and stars Chloë Grace Moretz, Jenny Slate, Thomas Mann, Tyler Perry, Carrie-Anne Moss, and Richard Armitage.
The film follows a New York Post writer who begins to experience a mysterious illness. After being evaluated extensively by many doctors, she was diagnosed to be psychotic. She would have been committed to the psychiatric ward in a hospital and probably died of encephalitis, if it were not for the efforts and skills of Syrian-American neurologist Souhel Najjar. He empathized with her case, and was able to diagnose and treat her rare illness.
Principal photography began on July 13, 2015, in Vancouver, British Columbia. It had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 14, 2016. The film was released on Netflix on June 22, 2018.
Plot
21-year-old Susannah Cahalan (Chloë Grace Moretz) is a writer for The New York Post who lives with her new boyfriend Stephen (Thomas Mann). Susannah becomes suddenly ill, initially showing symptoms of a common flu like a cough and fatigue, but later begins presenting strange behaviour while in a trance state, such as hearing people say things they have not said and hypersensitivity to loud noises.
Over time, her behaviour becomes more and more erratic. Finally, Susannah has a seizure and seeks medical treatment. The doctor consulted is adamant it is down to Susannah partying too much, working too hard and not getting enough sleep. She moves in with her mother Rhona (Carrie-Anne Moss) and, after an emotional outburst, has another seizure, and is taken to a clinic where she undergoes an MRI. Susannah also believes she may have bipolar disorder due to her severe mood changes.
Rhona struggles to care for Susannah, and she later moves in with her father Tom (Richard Armitage) and his fiancée. During dinner one night, she becomes violent towards them while having another outburst, and her parents demand she is hospitalized despite the MRI, EEG, all other tests showing normal results. There, one of the doctors informs Susannah's parents she could have schizophrenia, and says that if her behavior does not improve, she will be transferred to a psychiatric hospital.
Susannah gradually becomes catatonic, and Dr. Souhel Najjar (Navid Negahban) is asked to help in investigating her case. He has Susannah draw a clock; she draws it with all of the numbers (1–12) on the right side of the face, leading him to believe that the right hemisphere of her brain is swollen and inflamed. Najjar has her undergo a brain biopsy for testing. Following the biopsy, it is found that Susannah has a rare disease called anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis, a brain inflammation, which Najjar describes as "a brain on fire". Najjar begins treatment, which leads to a slow but full recovery of her cognitive abilities.
Seven months later, Susannah is back at work. She presents her first written piece since her recovery to her boss Richard (Tyler Perry). It is well received, and he asks her to start writing a book about her experience, which she later titles Brain on Fire. Closing text on screen: Susannah Cahalan was the 217th person to be diagnosed with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis, but her memoir has helped people all over the world, leading to thousands being diagnosed and treated since. She and Najjar remain close friends.
Cast
Chloë Grace Moretz as Susannah Cahalan, a 21-year-old woman who is a one day wakes up in restraints in a hospital a month after having a mysterious illness that doctors are unable to diagnose
Jenny Slate as Margo, a friend and co-worker
Thomas Mann as Stephen, Cahalan's boyfriend
Tyler Perry as Richard, Cahalan's boss at the New York Post
Carrie-Anne Moss as Rhona Nack, Cahalan's mother
Richard Armitage as Tom Cahalan, Cahalan's father
Navid Negahban as Dr. Souhel Najjar
Alex Zahara as Allen
Jenn MacLean-Angus as Giselle
Production
On May 1, 2014, Deadline reported that Charlize Theron had acquired the film rights to Susannah Cahalan's 2012 memoir Brain on Fire: My Month of Madness. Dakota Fanning was set to play Cahalan, a young woman who is a one day wakes up in a hospital with no memory of the events of the previous month. Theron would produce along with Beth Kono and A.J. Dix through her banner Denver and Delilah Productions.
On January 22, 2015, Irish filmmaker Gerard Barrett was set to write and direct the adaptation, while Rob Merilees of Foundation Features would produce and finance the film. London-based Mister Smith Entertainment sold the film to international distributors at 2015 Berlin Film Festival. Will Poulter was added to the cast on February 4, 2015, to play Cahalan's boyfriend. On May 26, 2015, Thomas Mann and Jenny Slate were reportedly in talks to join the film, where Mann would play Cahalan's boyfriend, replacing Poulter. On June 26, 2015, it was announced that Dakota Fanning had left the project due to scheduling issues, and Chloë Grace Moretz replaced her for the lead role.
On July 7, 2015, it was announced that Broad Green Pictures had come on board to produce and finance the film as well as distribute the film in the United States, while Lindsay Macadam would also produce along with producing partner Merilees. On July 16, 2015, Carrie-Anne Moss and Richard Armitage were cast as Cahalan's parents, Rhona Nack and Tom Cahalan, respectively. On July 20, 2015, Tyler Perry joined the film to play Richard, Cahalan's boss at the New York Post.
Filming
Principal photography on the film began on July 13, 2015, in Vancouver, British Columbia. Moretz was spotted filming at the Vancouver General Hospital. Production on the film concluded on August 10, 2015.
Release
The film had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 14, 2016. Shortly after, Netflix acquired distribution rights to the film. It was released on June 22, 2018.
Reception
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 13%, based on 16 critics, and an average rating of 4.53/10. On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 34 out of 100, based on five critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".
References
Brain on fire the book, Susannah Callahan and edited by Ali Calderon.
External links
Films based on autobiographies
Films about mental health
Films about diseases
Biographical films about journalists
Biographical films about writers
Films shot in Vancouver
Films set in New York City
English-language Canadian films
Canadian biographical drama films
English-language Irish films
Irish biographical drama films
American biographical drama films
Drama films based on actual events
2016 biographical drama films
Broad Green Pictures films
English-language Netflix original films
Films directed by Gerard Barrett
Films produced by Charlize Theron
Films scored by John Paesano
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
2010s Canadian films
Peter Driben (October 22, 1903 - September, 1968), an American pin-up artist, was perhaps one of the most productive pin-up artists of the 1940s and 1950s. Although both Alberto Vargas and Gil Elvgren have extensive catalogues of work, neither came close to the output of Driben. Driben's pinups delighted the American public from the beginning of World War II until the great baby boom of the 1950s.
Born in Boston, Driben studied at Vesper George Art School before moving to Paris (circa 1925). While taking classes at the Sorbonne in 1925, he began a series of highly popular pen-and-ink drawings of the city's showgirls. His first known pin-up was the cover to La Paree Stories in March 1934. By 1935, he was producing covers for Snappy, Pep, New York Nights, French Night Life and Caprice. Driben's popularity continued to rise in the late thirties with covers for Silk Stocking Stories, Gay Book, Movie Merry-Go-Round and Real Screen Fun.
Driben's career expanded into advertising with his move to New York in late 1936. He created original three-dimensional die-cut window displays for Philco Radios, Cannon Bath Towels, and the Weber Baking Company. Perhaps his most famous work being the original posters and publicity artwork for The Maltese Falcon. Peter Driben was also a close friend of publisher Robert Harrison, and in 1941 was contracted to produce covers for Harrison's new magazine Beauty Parade. Driben went on to paint hundreds of covers for that publication and for the other seven titles Harrison was to launch - Flirt, Whisper, Titter, Wink, Eyeful, Giggles, and Joker. Driben would often have as many as six or seven of his covers being published every month. Driben's work for Harrison established him as one of America's most recognized and successful pin-up and glamour artists. Just before he began to work for Harrison, Driben married the artist, actress and poet, Louise Kirby.
In 1944 he was offered the unusual opportunity, for a pin-up artist, of becoming the art director of the New York Sun, a post he retained until 1946. During the war, his popular painting of American soldiers raising the flag at Iwo Jima sparked a considerable amount of media attention.
In 1956, Driben and Louise moved to Miami Beach, where he spent his retirement years painting portraits (including one of Dwight D. Eisenhower) and other fine-art works, which were organized into successful exhibitions by his wife. Driben died in 1968, Louise in 1984.
See also
The Great American Pin-Up, Martignette/Meisel (c)2002 Taschen GmbH ()
Peter Driben Bio, The Pin-up Files
American Art Archives
Peter Driben Pinup Art Sample
References
External links
Peter Driben artwork can be viewed at American Art Archives web site
Artists from Boston
Pin-up artists
University of Paris alumni
American illustrators
1968 deaths
1903 births
American expatriates in France
Paton James Gloag (1823–1906) was a Scottish minister and theological author. He was Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1889.
Life
Born in Perth on 17 May 1823, he was the eldest son of William Gloag (died 1856), a banker in Perth, by his wife Janet (Jessie) Burn (died 1864), daughter of John Burn, WS of Edinburgh. William Gloag, Lord Kincairney was his younger brother, and his eldest sister was Jessie Burn Gloag, who founded a ragged school in Perth.
Educated at Perth grammar school, then studied divinity at Edinburgh University from 1841. Due to the Disruption of 1843 he relocated to St Andrews University and completed his degree there. He was licensed to preach in 1846 and from 1848 to 1857 was minister of Dunning a remote village in southern Perthshire. In 1860 he moved to Blantyre and in 1871 he moved to Galashiels, in place of Rev K. M. Phin.
In 1879 he delivered The Baird Lecture in Glasgow on the topic of “The Messianic Prophecy”
He made several trips to Germany where he befriended August Tholuck.
In 1892 he gave up his parochial duties and went to Edinburgh to concentrate on writing. In 1896 he accepted a post of professor of Biblical criticism at Aberdeen University.
Gloag was influenced by the writings of John Pye-Smith. He was an advocate of gap creationism.
On 9 January 1906 he died in his Edinburgh home, 28 Regent Terrace on Calton Hill, a very large Georgian townhouse. However, he is buried in the small parish churchyard of Dunning, next to his parents.
A memorial stained glass window was erected to his memory in St Pauls Parish Church in Galashiels.
Family
In 1867 he married Elizabeth Stobie Lang (1840–1914), daughter of Rev Gavin Lang of Glasford. They had no children.
Artistic recognition
In 1889, whilst Moderator, he was painted by George Reid RSA.
Publications
A Treatise on Justification (1850)
A Treatise on Assurance of Salvation (1853)
The Primeval World: A Treatise on the Relations of Geology to Theology (1859) a reaction to “On the Origin of Species”
The Resurrection (1862)
Practical Christianity (1866)
Commencing on the Acts of the Apostles (1870)
Introduction to the Pauline Epistles (1874)
St James and St Jude (1881)
Commentary on the Epistle of St James (1883)
Exegetical Studies (1884)
Introduction to the Catholic Epistles (1887)
Commentary on the Thessalonians (1887)
Introduction to the Johannine Writings (1891)
Life of St John (1892)
Introduction to the Synoptic Gospels (1895)
References
1823 births
1906 deaths
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
Christian creationists
Moderators of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland
Scottish non-fiction writers
19th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
20th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Chehel Morghian (, also Romanized as Chehel Morghīān; also known as Chehel Morghān and Mowghīān) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 11 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Gunnar Sauer (born 11 June 1964) is a German retired professional footballer who played as a central defender, most notably with Werder Bremen.
Over the course of 13 seasons (12 with his main club), he amassed Bundesliga totals of 134 games and eight goals despite being plagued by injuries which kept him out of action for long periods.
Sauer represented West Germany at Euro 1988, but did not gain an international cap.
Club career
Werder Bremen
Born in Cuxhaven, Lower Saxony, most of Sauer's career was spent at SV Werder Bremen. His best years came between 1986–91.
He contributed greatly to Werder Bremen's championship in the 1987–88 Bundesliga season, commanding the "club's probably the best ever defence" which conceded just 22 goals.
On 13 September 1988, in a home match against Bayern Munich he injured his foot.
From 1991 injuries kept Sauer out of action for long periods and he was mainly used a backup, making only 17 Bundesliga appearances for Werder Bremen.
During the 1991 DFB-Pokal final against 1. FC Köln, which Werder Bremen won after penalties, Sauer again sustained an injury, hurting his Achilles tendon. This injury required four operations for him to play football again and he made his comeback in April 1994.
Later years
In 1996, Sauer left Werder Bremen having spent 15 years at the club joining Hertha BSC. He helped the club promote from the second division, although he played very little. After one campaign each with VfB Leipzig (second level) and VfB Oldenburg (regional leagues) he retired in 1999 at the age of 35.
International career
Sauer was summoned by the West Germany national team to the UEFA Euro 1988 tournament, but did not leave the bench for the hosts, never being recalled afterwards.
Also in 1988, he was called up for the 1998 Summer Olympics. Due to an injury he did not make an appearance but received a bronze medal.
Style of play
Considered "perhaps the best libero" in his time, Sauer was known for his "elegant ball control" and great range of passing.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Werder Bremen
Bundesliga: 1987–88, 1992–93
DFB-Pokal: 1990–91, 1993–94; runner-up 1988–89, 1989–90
DFL-Supercup: 1988
Germany
1988 Summer Olympics: third place
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
People from Cuxhaven
Footballers from Lower Saxony
German footballers
Association football defenders
Germany under-21 international footballers
UEFA Euro 1988 players
Olympic footballers of West Germany
Footballers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for West Germany
Olympic medalists in football
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
SV Werder Bremen II players
SV Werder Bremen players
Hertha BSC players
1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig players
VfB Oldenburg players
CraftStudio is a collaborative cross-platform game engine used to create voxel-based video games, developed by Sparklin Labs.
History
Developer Élisée Maurer began the funding campaign for CraftStudio on IndieGoGo in March 2011, with an early development version being offered to players. The game reached its funding goal of $16,000 in April 2012. The game entered its alpha phase of development in June 2012 and entered beta in April 2013 before being fully released in May 2015, with major updates concluding. The successor to CraftStudio is Superpowers, a collaborative HTML5 game development environment, which was fully released in July 2016. In April 2017, CraftStudios was released for free on itch.io.
Overview
CraftStudio allows users to work collaboratively on projects in real-time to create voxel-based video games in both 2D and 3D, with assets stored in the cloud. The tool encompasses the entire video game development workflow, allowing users to manage models, animations, Lua scripts, and maps obtained from pre-made assets or created from scratch. Games can be published for Windows, macOS, Linux, or the web browser.
Evolution
CraftStudio was used as a modelling toolkit by developer Hypixel Studios to create assets for Hytale during the game's development. Hypixel Studios then hired the developers of CraftStudio, Maurer and Nicolas Gauthier, to work on evolving CraftStudio into a unique toolkit built specifically for Hytale. This toolkit became the Hytale Model Maker, and is used to create all of the items, NPCs, and animations in the game.
See also
List of game engines
References
2015 software
Game engines for Linux
Lua (programming language)-scriptable game engines
MacOS programming tools
Programming tools for Windows
Video game engines
The 1982 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina as an independent during the 1982 NCAA Division I-A football season. Led by Richard Bell in his first and only season as head coach, the Gamecocks compiled a record of 4–7.
Schedule
References
South Carolina
South Carolina Gamecocks football seasons
South Carolina Gamecocks football
Harmonielehre is a forty-minute orchestral composition by the American composer John Adams, composed in 1985. In his memoir, Adams stated that the piece "was a statement of belief in the power of tonality at a time when I was uncertain about its future" and that it was "a one-of-kind once-only essay in the wedding of fin-de-siècle chromatic harmony with the rhythmic and formal procedures of Minimalism".
The composition's title, German for "study of harmony", is a reference to Arnold Schoenberg's 1911 music theory textbook of the same name, a study of tonal harmony. Other theory texts titled "Harmonielehre" include those by Heinrich Schenker (1906) and Hugo Riemann (1893).
Adams has stated that the piece was inspired by a dream he had in which he was driving across the San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge and saw an oil tanker on the surface of the water abruptly turn upright and take off like a Saturn V rocket. This dream and the composition of Harmonielehre shortly thereafter ended a writer's block Adams had been experiencing for eighteen months.
Movements
The composition is in three movements:
The first movement begins with the powerful repetition of chords in E minor in minimalist fashion. These chords form a recurring theme throughout the movement, interspersed with motoric episodes that use Schoenberg's harmonic progressions as chordal "gates" (a name coined by Adams to describe juxtapositions of harmonic areas in his music). At the center of the arch-like 17-minute movement arises what Tom Service has called an "achingly expressive lyrical theme."
The brooding second movement, based on the legend of the Fisher King, shuns minimalist processes, favoring bleak Sibelius-like soundscapes, building inexorably slowly to twin climaxes of brutal dissonance, the second of which is drawn from the climactic sonority of the first movement of Gustav Mahler's unfinished Tenth Symphony.
The third movement, according to Adams, is inspired by a dream that he had about his infant daughter Emily, whom he and his wife had briefly nicknamed "Quackie".
Instrumentation
The piece is scored for the following orchestra:
Woodwinds
3 bassoons
contrabassoon
Brass
4 horns in F
4 trumpets in C
3 trombones
2 tubas
Percussion
timpani
4 percussionists:
2 marimbas
vibraphone (bowed and struck)
xylophone
tubular bells
crotales (bowed and struck)
glockenspiel
2 suspended cymbals (high and low)
sizzle cymbal
small crash cymbals
bell tree
bass drum
Keyboards
piano
celesta
Strings
2 harps
string section
Recordings
Edo de Waart / San Francisco Symphony (Nonesuch, 1985)
Simon Rattle / City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra (EMI, 1994)
David Robertson / Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra (Arch Media, 2008)
Michael Tilson Thomas / San Francisco Symphony (SFS Media, 2012)
Peter Oundjian / Royal Scottish National Orchestra (Chandos, 2013)
Kent Nagano / Orchestre symphonique de Montréal (DECCA, 2019)
Giancarlo Guerrero / Nashville Symphony (Naxos, 2021)
Uses
Harmonielehre appears in the True Detective TV series Church in Ruins (S02e06). It also appears in the Modern Era soundtrack of the computer game Civilization IV, along with several other pieces by Adams. It also appears on the Am Love soundtrack. The work was selected for inclusion in The Guardian's list of "50 Greatest Symphonies". Dubstep musician duo Nero sample the beginning of the first movement in the second track of their 2011 album Welcome Reality, "Doomsday".
References
Compositions by John Adams (composer)
1985 compositions
Compositions for symphony orchestra
Khaneh Miran () may refer to:
Khaneh Miran, Kurdistan
Khaneh Miran, Markazi
Wied's tyrant-manakin (Neopelma aurifrons) is a species of bird in the family Pipridae. It is endemic to the Atlantic moist forests in eastern Brazil. It was previously considered conspecific with Neopelma chrysolophum. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Wied's tyrant-manakin
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Wied's tyrant-manakin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Parides gundlachianus, the Cuban cattleheart, is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae. It is an endemic species found only in Cuba. The name honours the Cuban naturalist Juan Gundlach.
It is the brightest-coloured American swallowtail, and may be recognised by the brilliant blue bands on the forewing.
The ground colour is brown to black. The upperside forewing has a blue to green median band and possibly one to two spots close to the apex. The hindwings have a long tail and on either side two indentations like short tails. The upperside hindwing has a broad red submarginal band. A full description is provided by Rothschild, W. and Jordan, K. (1906)
The dark ash-grey larva is striped longitudinally, the head and thoracic legs are black; the black longitudinal stripes in part margined with white; the anterior and posterior segments bear long pointed tubercles which are partly white.
Occurs in the mountainous eastern part of the island, especially near the coast, where it is met with on flowers, and sometimes also drinking at pools.
Subspecies
Parides gundlachianus gundlachianus (eastern Cuba)
Parides gundlachianus alayoi Hernández, Alayón & Smith, 1995 (western Cuba)
Taxonomy
Parides gundlachianus is a member of the ascanius species group ("Fringe-spots white. Hindwing with submarginal spots and usnally also diseal spots or dots, or a discal band ;mostly with tail") A quadrate whitish spot in space 2 of the forewings is quite peculiar of the ascanius group
The members are
Parides agavus (Drury, 1782)
Parides alopius (Godman & Salvin, [1890])
Parides ascanius (Cramer, [1775])
Parides bunichus (Hübner, [1821])
Parides gundlachianus (C. & R. Felder, 1864)
Parides montezuma (Westwood, 1842)
Parides phalaecus (Hewitson, 1869)
Parides photinus (Doubleday, 1844)
Parides proneus (Hübner, [1831])
Status
Found only in forests in Cuba and not rare but requiring monitoring.
Etymology
The specific epithet honours the Cuban naturalist Juan Gundlach.
See also
List of Lepidoptera of Cuba
References
Hamilton A. Tyler; Keith S. Brown; Kent H. Wilson 1992 Swallowtail Butterflies of the Americas Scientific Pub
Lewis, H. L., 1974 Butterflies of the World Page 26, figure 4 as columbus, figure 10 as gundlachianus.
Further reading
External links
Butterflies of America: Parides gundlachianus—type specimens
Parides gundlachianus
gundlachianus
Butterflies of Cuba
Endemic fauna of Cuba
Taxa named by Juan Gundlach
Butterflies described in 1864
Operation Hydrant is a British police investigation into allegations of "non-recent" child sexual abuse. It co-ordinates a number of other investigations by police forces throughout the United Kingdom. It is headed by Simon Bailey, the Chief Constable of Norfolk Constabulary. It began after the Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal prompted more complainants to come forward.
Progress
In May 2015, Operation Hydrant had information on "1433 suspects of which 216 are deceased, 666 suspects related to institutions, 261 classified as people of public prominence, [of which] 506 are classified as unidentified, [and] 357 institutions have been identified within the scope of the operation".
By December 2015, there were 2,228 suspects under investigation by Operation Hydrant, of whom 302 are classified as of "public prominence", (including 99 politicians and 147 celebrities from the media), and 1,217 operated within institutions (including 86 religious institutions, 39 medical establishments, 25 prisons/young offenders institutes, 22 sports venues, 10 community institutions, 81 other institutions such as guest houses, and 6 unknown). 286 were dead, and 554 classified as unknown or unidentified. Of the prominent suspects, 39 were from the music industry and 17 from the world of sport.
In July 2019, the BBC reported: "Some 7,396 possible crimes on its database have now had a final outcome. Of those 2,043 - or 29% - ended in a conviction."
Operation Winter Key
Operation Winter Key was set up by the Metropolitan Police (Met) in Greater London in June 2015 and absorbed earlier Met operations, including Operation Yewtree and Operation Fairbank. Allegations referred to the Met by Operation Hydrant are handled by Winter Key. By March 2019 Winter Key had cost £20 million.
Figures released in February 2020
In February 2020 the following statistics relating to allegations of abuse were released:
Since the launch of the operation, some 7,000 suspects have been identified, with 11,346 allegations of attacks from 9,343 victims. Some allegations date back to the 1940s and all concerned child sexual abuse.
Allegations where no further action was taken were broken down into the following percentages:
Chief Constable Simon Bailey said: "We are now having to come to terms, as a society, and we are going to have to recognise and accept, that during the 1970s and 1980s in particular, there was widespread sexual abuse of children taking place." He also said "These allegations and the vast majority of cases were never reported to the authorities. Some victims did not think they were going to be believed. There was one constant factor: there was an abuse of power … to satisfy their sexual desires." Regarding the scale of the crimes he said "There was an epidemic of it in the 1970s and 1980s. We do not understand the true scale of it. There is a lot to come out. There are a lot more victims who are yet to come forward." Regarding the impact of abuse he said "The really difficult thing to come to terms with is the untold damage that's been done to victims and survivors. Some could not cope. It's the toll that it has taken on their lives. Some victims committed suicide. Some coped, some are in the mental care system. The horrors bestowed on these children are horrific."
Gabrielle Shaw of the National Association for People Abused in Childhood said "We know from what victims and survivors tell us that being able to report what happened to the police is healing for many people, sometimes even when a case cannot be pursued. Thirty-five percent of offenders brought to justice for non-recent abuse is very encouraging."
External links
Operation Hydrant on the NPCC site
References
Child sexual abuse in the United Kingdom
H
Operation Yewtree
Sex crimes in the United Kingdom
On Such a Night is a 1937 American crime film directed by Ewald André Dupont and starring Grant Richards, Karen Morley, and Roscoe Karns. It was made by Paramount Pictures and sold to MCA-Universal in 1958 for television syndication.
Plot
Cast
Grant Richards as Nicky Last
Karen Morley as Gail Stanley
Roscoe Karns as Joe Flynn
Eduardo Ciannelli as Ice Richmond
Milly as Mlle. Mimi Candle
Alan Mowbray as Professor Ricardo Montrose Candle
Robert McWade as Colonel Fentridge
Esther Dale as Miss Belinda Fentridge
John Wray as Guard Rumann
Frank Reicher as Horace Darwin
Paul Fix as Maxie Barnes
References
External links
1937 films
American crime drama films
1937 crime drama films
Films directed by E. A. Dupont
Films scored by Ernst Toch
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Fred Espenak is a retired emeritus American astrophysicist. He worked at the Goddard Space Flight Center. He is best known for his work on eclipse predictions.
He became interested in astronomy when he was 7–8 years old, and had his first telescope when he was around 9–10 years old. Espenak earned a bachelor's degree in physics from Wagner College, Staten Island, where he worked in the planetarium. His master's degree is from the University of Toledo, based on studies he did at Kitt Peak Observatory of eruptive and flare stars among red dwarfs.
He was employed at Goddard Space Flight Center, where he used infrared spectrometers to measure the atmospheres of planets in the Solar System. He provided NASA's eclipse bulletins since 1978. He is the author of several canonical works on eclipse predictions, such as the Fifty Year Canon of Solar Eclipses: 1986–2035 and Fifty Year Canon of Lunar Eclipses: 1986–2035, both of which are standard references on eclipses. The first eclipse he saw was the solar eclipse of March 7, 1970, which sparked his interest in eclipses, and he has since seen over 20 eclipses.
Together with Jean Meeus, he published the Five Millennium Canon of Solar Eclipses in 2006, which covers all types of solar eclipses (partial, total, annular, or hybrid) from 2000 BCE to AD 3000, and the Five Millennium Canon of Lunar Eclipses in 2009, which lists all lunar eclipses (penumbral, partial, or total) in that time span. Later, he published the more compact A Thousand Year Canon of Lunar Eclipses 1501 to 2500, the Thousand Year Canon of Solar Eclipses 1501 to 2500, and the 21st Century Canon of Solar Eclipses. He is also a co-author (with Mark Littmann and Ken Willcoxof) of Totality: Eclipses of the Sun.
He was the co-investigator of an atmospheric experiment flown on Space Shuttle Discovery.
He is also known as "Mr. Eclipse." He gives public lectures on eclipses and astrophotophy. Astronomical photographs taken by Espenak have been published in National Geographic, Newsweek, Nature, New Scientist, and magazines.
He met Patricia Totten while in India in 1995. They married in 2006.
He retired in 2009. Asteroid 14120 Espenak was named in his honor in 2003.
See also
Saros (astronomy)
References
External links
American astrophysicists
Goddard Space Flight Center people
Living people
People from Staten Island
Wagner College alumni
University of Toledo alumni
Scientists from New York (state)
1953 births
Elena Lukauskienė (1 January 1909 – 17 March 1959), née Stankevičiūtė, married Raclauskienė, also Raclauskienė-Lukauskienė, was a Lithuanian chess master. She was a two-time Lithuanian Women's Chess Champion (1938, 1949) and a participant at the Women's World Chess Championship (1939). For saving two Jewish children during the Holocaust in Lithuania, she was recognized as the Righteous Among the Nations in 2006.
Chess career
From the late 1930s to the early 1950s she was known as one of the strongest chess players in Lithuania. She participated in the pre-war chess tournaments under the surname of her first husband. In 1938, she won the first Lithuanian Women's Chess Championship. In 1939 she participated in the Women's World Chess Championship in Buenos Aires and took 18th place (tournament was won by Vera Menchik). After World War II, she continued to participate in chess tournaments. In 1948, she represented the team of the Lithuanian SSR in the Soviet Team Chess Championship. In 1949, she won the second Lithuanian Women's Chess Championship. Then three years in a row she became the bronze medalist of this tournament (1950, 1951, 1952).
Righteous Among the Nations
In spring 1944, she and her second husband Mikas Lukauskas (1911–1996) saved two Jewish children, Pesach and Khana Joselevich, ages nine and five. Before the war, their father Shimon Joselevich was the owner of the Spindulis printing house where Lukauskienė worked as a linotype machine operator. He died in the liquidation of the Kovno Ghetto, and their mother Leah Joselevich was imprisoned in the Stutthof concentration camp. At the end of the war, both children returned to their surviving mother. On 1 March 2006, Lukauskienė and her husband Mikas Lukauskas were recognized by Yad Vashem as two of the Righteous Among the Nations.
References
External links
Elena Lukauskienė chess games at 365Chess.com
1909 births
1959 deaths
Lithuanian female chess players
Lithuanian Righteous Among the Nations
20th-century chess players
The Papuan black myzomela (Myzomela nigrita) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is found in New Guinea and nearby islands.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and savannah woodland. It can be often found at flowering trees such as albizias and eucalypts.
Description
The species is 12–13 cm (4.7–5.1 in) with males being larger than females. Males are lacquer-black and have white underwing-coverts. Females are coloured drab brown and they have a reddish forehead and throat, except for the tail. Some females have a sooty black face without any red and in the southeast of its range, many females may appear completely black. Juveniles resemble darker or grey-brown females.
References
Papuan black myzomela
Birds of New Guinea
Papuan black myzomela
Papuan black myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1787.
Events
January 15 – Ann Ward marries William Radcliffe, gaining the surname by which she will be known as a writer of Gothic novels.
April 16 – Royall Tyler's The Contrast becomes the first comedy written by an American citizen to be professionally produced, at the John Street Theatre (Manhattan).
April 17 – The Edinburgh edition of Robert Burns' Poems, Chiefly in the Scottish Dialect is published by William Creech. It includes a Burns portrait by Alexander Nasmyth. The poet has great social success in the city's literary circles; 16-year-old Walter Scott meets him at the house of Adam Ferguson.
June 1 – King George III of Great Britain issues a Proclamation for the Discouragement of Vice, which can be used to prosecute obscene publications.
June 27 – Just before midnight, Edward Gibbon completes The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire in the small summerhouse in his garden in Lausanne, Switzerland.
July – Friedrich Schiller arrives in Weimar.
November 21 – François-Joseph Talma makes his professional stage debut at the Comédie-Française as Seide, in Voltaire's Mahomet.
December 4 – Robert Burns meets Agnes Maclehose at a party given by Miss Erskine Nimmo.
New books
Fiction
Elizabeth Bonhôte – Olivia, or, The Deserted Bride
Jean-Baptiste Louvet de Couvrai – Les Amours du chevalier de Faublas
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe – The Sorrows of Young Werther (revised edition)
Johann Jakob Wilhelm Heinse – Ardinghello and die glückseligen Inseln
Elizabeth Helme – Louisa; or the Cottage on the Moor
Johann Karl August Musäus – Volksmärchen der Deutschen (fifth volume)
Elizabeth Sophia Tomlins – The Victim of Fancy
Betje Wolff and Aagje Deken – Abraham Blankaart
Children
François Guillaume Ducray-Duminil – Fanfan et Lolotte, ou Histoire de deux enfants abandonnés dans une île déserte (Fanfan and Lolotte, Story of Two Children Abandoned on a Desert Island)
Drama
Pierre Beaumarchais – Tarare (opera)
George Colman the Younger – Inkle and Yarico (comic opera)
Richard Cumberland – The Country Attorney<ref>Watson, George. The New Cambridge Bibliography of English Literature: Volume 2, 1660-1800. Cambridge University Press, 1971. Page 1968.</ref>
Germaine de Staël – Jeanne GreyThomas Holcroft – SeductionHarriet Lee – The New PeerageFriedrich Schiller – Don Karlos, Infant von SpanienRoyall Tyler – The ContrastPoetry
Non-fiction
Thomas Best – A Concise Treatise on the Art of AnglingMathurin Jacques Brisson – Pesanteur Spécifique des CorpsOttobah Cugoano – Thoughts and Sentiments on the Evil and Wicked Traffic of the Slavery and Commerce of the Human Species(Sir) John Fenn (ed.) – The Paston Letters (Original letters, written during the reigns of Henry VI, Edward IV, and Richard III)
John Hawkins – Life of Samuel JohnsonScots Musical Museum, vol. 1
Mary Wollstonecraft – Thoughts on the Education of Daughters''
Births
February 2 – Charles Etienne Boniface, French music teacher, playwright and journalist (died 1853)
February 17 – George Mogridge ("Old Humphrey"), English children's writer and poet (died 1854)
February 23 – Emma Willard, American teacher and writer (died 1870)
April 26 – Ludwig Uhland, German poet (died 1862)
May 29 – Konstantin Batyushkov, Russian poet, essayist and translator (died 1855)
July 9 – Taliesin Williams, Welsh poet and author (died 1847)
September 13 – John Adamson, English antiquary and expert on Portuguese (died 1855)
November 4 – Edmund Kean, English actor (died 1833)
November 15 – Richard Henry Dana Sr., American poet, critic and lawyer (died 1879)
November 21 – Bryan Procter (Barry Cornwall), English poet (died 1874)
December 16 – Mary Russell Mitford, English novelist (died 1855)
Deaths
April 1 – Floyer Sydenham, English classical scholar and translator (born 1710)
April 2 – Francisco Javier Clavijero, Mexican-born historian (born 1731)
May 4 – Philip Skelton, Irish clergyman and writer (born 1707)
June 19 – John Brown, Scottish theologian (born 1722)
October 28 – Johann Karl August Musäus, German satirist and children's writer (born 1735)
October 30 – Ferdinando Galiani, Italian economist (born 1728)
November 3 – Robert Lowth, English poet, grammarian and bishop (born 1710)
December 18 – Soame Jenyns, English poet and essayist (born 1704)
References
Years of the 18th century in literature
Landscape photography shows the spaces within the world, sometimes vast and unending, but other times microscopic. Landscape photographs typically capture the presence of nature but can also focus on man-made features or disturbances of landscapes. Landscape photography is done for a variety of reasons. Perhaps the most common is to recall a personal observation or experience while in the outdoors, especially when traveling. Others pursue it particularly as an outdoor lifestyle, to be involved with nature and the elements, some as an escape from the artificial world.
Many landscape photographs show little or no human activity and are created in the pursuit of a pure, unsullied depiction of nature, devoid of human influence—instead featuring subjects such as strongly defined landforms, weather, and ambient light. As with most forms of art, the definition of a landscape photograph is broad and may include rural or urban settings, industrial areas or nature photography.
Environmentalism
Some of the most important and celebrated landscape photographers have been motivated by an appreciation of the beauty of the natural environment and a desire to see it preserved. The work of William Henry Jackson in the mid-19th century was instrumental in convincing Congress in 1872 to create Yellowstone, the first national park in the United States. Photography produced by Philip Hyde for the Sierra Club found extensive use in promoting the preservation of natural places in the Western United States during the 20th century. Renowned landscape photographer Ansel Adams received both a Conservation Service Award and a Presidential Medal of Freedom in recognition of the influence of his work on the preservation of wilderness and fostering of environmental consciousness.
Subjects
Landscape photography commonly involves daylight photography of natural features of land, sky and waters, at a distance—though some landscapes may involve subjects in a scenic setting nearby, even close-up, and sometimes at night.
Photography of artificial scenery, such as farm fields, orchards, gardens and architecture, may be considered "landscape" photography as well. Even the presence of man-made structures (buildings, roads and bridges, etc.) or art (such as sculpture) may be considered "landscape" if presented in artistic settings or appearing (or photographed) in artistic style.
Further, landscape photography is typically of relatively stationary subjects—arguably a form of "still life." This tends to simplify the task, as opposed to photography of kinetic or live subjects. However, landscape photography often overlaps the activity of wildlife photography and the two terms are used somewhat interchangeably; both wildlife and landscapes may be elements of the same picture or body of work.
Tourism
Landscape photography has become a big part of local economies throughout the world. Countries such as Scotland, Iceland, Faroe Islands, New Zealand, USA, Canada and countries in the European Alpine region are very popular with photography tourists and welcome people from all over the world. As a result of this, landscape photography workshops and tours have become big business in these countries. Apps have formed part of this experience telling users how to find the most popular locations and how to photograph them once there.
Methods (technical)
Landscape photography typically requires relatively simple photographic equipment, though more sophisticated equipment can give a wider range of possibilities to the art. An artist's eye for the subject can yield attractive and impressive results even with modest equipment.
Camera
Any ordinary (or sophisticated) camera—film camera or digital camera—can be readily used for common landscape photography. Higher-resolution and larger-format digital cameras (or larger-format film cameras) permit a greater amount of detail and a wider range of artistic presentation.
However, a larger-format camera yields a more limited depth of field (range of the scene that is in focus) for a given aperture value, requiring greater care in focusing (see: "Shutter Speed and Aperture", below).
A camera with "panorama" function or frame can permit very wide images suitable for capturing a panoramic view.
Lens
For "wide open spaces," a wide-angle lens is generally the preferred lens, allowing a broad angle of view. However, medium-range to telephoto lenses can achieve satisfying imagery, as well, and can enable the capture of detailed scenery of smaller areas at greater distances. Telephoto lenses can also facilitate limited ranges of focus, to enable the photographer to emphasize a specific area, at a fairly specific distance, in sharp focus, with the foreground and background blurred (see: depth of field). A big difference between a wide-angles lens and a telephoto lens is the compression of the landscape; the wider the angle the more distance will appear between the foreground and background elements; however, a telephoto lens will make the same elements appear closer to each other. Other lenses that can help include the fisheye lens for extremely wide angles and dramatic effect, and the macro/micro lens for extreme close-up work. While variable-range zoom lenses are widely used, some landscape photographers prefer fixed-range prime lenses to provide higher clarity and quality in the image.
Medium: film or digital sensor
The sensitivity to light, of the medium—the film or the digital camera sensor—is important in landscape photography, especially where great detail is required. In bright daylight, a "slow film" (low-ISO film), or low-ISO digital camera sensor sensitivity setting (typically ISO 100, or perhaps 200), is generally preferred, allowing maximum precision and evenness of image.
However, if there is movement in the scene, and the scene is in lower light—as with cloudy days, twilight, night, or in shaded areas—a higher ISO (up to the limits of the film or camera sensor, depending upon the shortage of light) may be desirable, to ensure that fast shutter speeds can be used to "freeze" the motion.
Lighting and flash
Normally, landscape photography—being focused primarily on natural beauty—tends to be done with only naturally occurring ambient light.
In some cases, however, artificial light is recommended or unavoidable. Careful use of flash, continuous artificial lighting or reflective surfaces (e.g.: reflectors) for "fill" in shadowy areas is often used in close-up landscape photography (e.g.: garden spaces, small areas of dark forests, etc.).
However, given the broad expanses of open space that tend to dominate in landscape photography, artificial lighting is typically ineffective, or even destructive (causing the foreground to be wildly over-lit, and the background to become overly dark).
Light at dawn or dusk, or just before or after those times (especially at sunrise, or during the "golden hour" just before sunset), is often considered the best for capturing detail, showing scenes in the best colors of light, or otherwise generating impressive and attractive images.
Shutter speed and aperture
With cameras that allow a variety of shutter speeds and lens apertures, landscape photographers tend to prefer settings that allow all of the viewed area to be in sharp focus. This typically requires a small aperture (a high f-stop, usually between 11 and 13 is best for clarity and depth of field), which creates only a small hole for the light to come into the camera from the lens, ensuring that as much of the field of view is in focus as possible (see: depth of field).
With a small aperture, however, a slower shutter speed (longer exposure) may be required to compensate for the limited amount of light squeezing in through the small aperture. This can be a problem if there are kinetic elements in the picture, such as moving animals (especially birds), people or vehicles. It can also be a problem if the environment is kinetic (in motion), such as wind blowing and shaking all the trees and plants in the scene, or if water is flowing. Slow shutter speeds can also be a problem if the photographer is in motion (such as shooting a scene from a moving vehicle).
Consequently, some compromise between shutter speed and aperture may be necessary, or advisable. To some extent, a higher-ISO film or digital camera setting can compensate without the need to alter shutter speed or aperture. However, higher ISO settings ("fast film") can result in grainy pictures and poor capture of details, especially at a distance.
In some cases, a slow shutter speed is desired to show movement of the subjects, particularly moving water or the effects of wind.
Filters
Filters can serve a wide range of purposes in landscape photography.
For instance, a polarizing filter can darken the sky, while allowing surface features to be shown in relatively sharper clarity. Polarizing filters also help with cutting glare from water reducing reflections, snow and ice—even facilitating greater transparency of water and ice.
Neutral density filters are darkened with a neutral (colorless) gray tint which reduces the amount of light entering the camera lens. These filters are used to lengthen shutter speeds without the need to alter aperture or film/sensor sensitivity, or alternatively, to use large apertures without exceeding the maximum shutter speed of a camera. A variation of this filter, termed the graduated neutral density filter or simply 'ND grad', transitions from dark, neutral gray on one side to clear on the opposite side. Photographers use these filters to lower natural contrasts by reducing light transmission from the brightest portion of the subject landscape, while letting light from the darker portion of the landscape enter the lens unobstructed.
UV-Zero haze filters reduce "purple fringing" caused by ultraviolet light, especially in digital situations. They are also recommended by some professional photographers as protection for the vulnerable lens, especially when outdoors or in dynamic situations.
Color filters can create other effects, or compensate for the appearance of unnatural lighting due to camera characteristics.
Other accommodations
In order to mitigate shaking associated with hand-holding a camera, landscape photography oftentimes requires a firm camera footing which affords the potential for sharper imagery. Tripods are specifically designed for stabilizing cameras and are widely regarded as essential equipment for landscape photography. However, any firm surface unaffected by vibration, wind or human contact may offer similar benefits. The use of a timer, remote control or cable release allows the shutter to be tripped without the introduction of vibration that might result from manually depressing the shutter button.
Some modern, high-quality cameras also provide image stabilization, which compensates for vibration by moving inner workings of the camera, or electronically correcting the photograph.
Because landscape photography is normally outdoors photography, protection from the elements can be helpful. Shooting from inside a sheltering structure or stationary vehicle (engine off, occupants stationary) can be helpful. Use of an umbrella or other shield to keep camera and photographer dry can also be helpful. A waterproof container for the camera, with drying agent inside (e.g.: dry cloth) may be advised, and experts advise that the camera should be shielded from blowing dust, snow, and rain, and extremely harsh direct sunlight.
See also
Nature photographers
Aerial photography
Landscape painting
North American Nature Photography Association
Underwater photography
References
Further reading
The Four (4) Principles of Fine Art Photography Creation Fine art photography creation process consists of four principles: Conception or Vision, Composition, Style and the use of technics or tools.
Voropayevka () is a rural locality () in Glebovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
John Howard Foote (born May 21, 1959 in Oshawa, Ontario) is a Canadian film critic, historian and biographer, and former television producer and television host, theater director, and educator.
Background
He was born in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada on May 21, 1959 to John and Dianne Foote, and was the eldest of four children. His family relocated to Seagrave when he was four, and he was raised in the Port Perry area. At an early age his father introduced him to films, encouraging his interest. Foote recalls being put to bed at seven o'clock in the evening only to be roused at 11:25 PM, shortly before the start of Fright Night Theatre on WKBW-TV out of Buffalo, New York in the sixties. He relates that he became hooked on film in the early seventies when watching the Red Sea part in a re-release of the 1956 film The Ten Commandments, and that from that moment on, "film became my heroin".
Foote attended Port Perry High School, and studied film and theatre at Humber College, becoming the first student permitted to direct one of their "Mainstage Theatre Productions". Among the performances he directed while at Humber are Jitters, The Shadow Box and a workshop production of Bent.
Career
Theater
Foote directed over forty plays in the years spanning 1980-1996. He was a artistic director of Theatre One for three years, and in 1992 won a THEA Award for his direction of Arthur Miller's The Crucible, one of the many American post-war dramas he directed during the years spanning 1988-1993. Among those he directed during this period where The Glass Menagerie, Agnes of God, Picnic, The Passion of Dracula, Salt-Water Moon, The Crucible (twice), The Shadow Box, Jitters, A Streetcar Named Desire, Torch Song Trilogy, and Equus.
Television
In 1992, Foote was invited to be part of a new television program entitled Reel to Real, which he joined as co-host and co-producer. For seven years he co-hosted and co-produced the show with Christopher Heard for the Rogers Network. The Globe and Mail hailed the pair as Canada's answer to Siskel and Ebert. After a falling out with producers, Foote left the program in 1999 to pursue print criticism, and has since remained in that field.
Educator
During his time on Reel to Real, he was contacted to teach film history at the Trebas Institute, a Toronto-based career college offering programs in film and television. He joined their staff and within three years was director of their Film Department.
After a serious car accident in 2000, and his subsequent and extended period in hospital, Foote was released from his position at Trebas and replaced. During his recovery, the Toronto Film School contacted him and offered him a position upon his getting out of the hospital. In 2001 he became Coordinator of the Film and Television Program at the Toronto Film School and two years later was promoted to Director of the school, a position he held until March 2009.
His wife, Sherri Frances Foote (née Todd) was diagnosed with advanced brain cancer in 2008, and despite two surgeries, radiation and chemotherapy died in his arms April 27, 2012. The couple have two children.
Film critic
His work as a critic continued, writing for the syndicated Metroland Organization, Toronto Life and Fashion, and various websites. His reviews and criticisms receive attention in Canada, where he has shared such as his own Academy Awards predictions. In addition, Foote was a member of InContention as their Toronto International Film Festival critic until February 2010. He then moved to The Awards Circuit, where he continued to cover TIFF and introduced Historical Circuit to their regular columns. He resigned in 2013.
Over the course of his career as a film critic he has interviewed Robert Duvall, Meryl Streep, Clint Eastwood, Viggo Mortensen, Sally Field, Tom Cruise, Helen Hunt, Heath Ledger, Cate Blanchett, Paul Newman, Martin Scorsese, Francis Coppola and Sofia Coppola, Nicolas Cage, Sean Penn, Bruce Willis, Robert Carlyle, Jessica Lange, George Clooney, Tom Hanks, Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman, Robert De Niro, Holly Hunter, Donald Sutherland, Quentin Tarantino, Charlize Theron, Amy Adams, John Boorman, Peter Jackson, Mickey Rourke, Johnny Depp, and the Coen brothers to name a few.
Foote created his own website, Footeandfriendsonfilm.com in 2018 where he serves as CEO and Senior Film Critic. The writers with him on the site are Alan Hurst, Nicholas Maylor and Craig Leask.
Author
In 2007 he was contracted by the Greenwood Publishing Group in the United States to write a biography of director Clint Eastwood, Clint Eastwood: Evolution of a Filmmaker, published in 2010. He has since written a massive study on the films of Steven Spielberg, which will be published in 2020 and The Great American Films of the Seventies. He has recently agreed to write a study of the films of Martin Scorsese.
Bibliography
Clint Eastwood: Evolution of a Filmmaker
Steven Spielberg: The Director and the Films
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Canadian film critics
People from Oshawa
People from Scugog
Canadian biographers
Male biographers
Canadian film historians
Canadian male non-fiction writers
Canadian television hosts
Dokuzuncu hariciye kogusu () is a 1967 Turkish romantic drama film directed by Nejat Saydam based on a novel by Peyami Safa. The film stars Kartal Tibet and Hülya Koçyiğit
Cast
Kartal Tibet ...Burhan
Hülya Koçyiğit ...Nüzhet
Muzaffer Tema
Tunç Oral
Aliye Rona
Müserref Çapin
Ibrahim Delideniz
Ufuk Enünlü
Renan Fosforoğlu
Asim Nipton
Yavuz Selekman
Tuncay Toron
Ismail Varol
Lamia Yal
Necabettin Yal
External links
1967 films
1960s Turkish-language films
1960s romantic drama films
Films set in Turkey
Turkish romantic drama films
Films based on Turkish novels
1967 drama films
Turkish black-and-white films
The Mary and Peter Biggs Award for Poetry is an award at the Ockham New Zealand Book Awards, presented annually to the winner of the poetry category. The winner receives a 10,000 prize.
History
The New Zealand Book Awards were set up by the New Zealand Literary Fund, a government organisation, in 1976. Annual awards were presented for literary merit in fiction, non-fiction, poetry and (later) book production.
The Goodman Fielder Wattie Book Awards, New Zealand's other principal literary awards event, did not specifically award poetry prizes until 1994, when sponsorship was taken over by Montana Wines and the event's name was changed to the Montana Book Awards. In 1994 and 1995, the Montana Book Awards included a category for poetry.
In 1996, the two awards events were merged to create the Montana New Zealand Book Awards, and offering prizes in six categories, including poetry. In 2010, the New Zealand Post took over as sponsor, having supported the New Zealand Book Awards for Children and Young Adults for the previous 14 years.
In 2015, Auckland property development firm Ockham Residential assumed sponsorship of the awards. No prizes were presented in that year. The Poetry Award was presented from 2016 to 2019. In 2020, the name of the award was changed to the Mary and Peter Biggs Award for Poetry.
Winners of the Mary and Peter Biggs Award for Poetry, 2020–present
2022: Joanna Preston, Tumble. Otago University Press
2021: Tusiata Avia, The Savage Coloniser Book. Victoria University Press
2020: Helen Rickerby, How to Live. Auckland University Press
Winners of the Ockhams New Zealand Book Award for Poetry, 2016–2019
2019: Helen Heath, Are Friends Electric?. Victoria University Press
2018: Elizabeth Smither, Night Horse. Auckland University Press
2017: Andrew Johnston, Fits & Starts. Victoria University Press
2016: David Eggleton, The Conch Trumpet. Otago University Press
Winners of the New Zealand Post Book Award for Poetry, 2010–2014
2014: Vincent O'Sullivan, Us, Then. Victoria University Press
2013: Anne Kennedy, The Darling North. Auckland University Press
2012: Rhian Gallagher, Shift. Auckland University Press
2011: Kate Camp, The Mirror of Simple Annihilated Souls. Victoria University Press
2010: Brian Turner, Just This. Victoria University Press
Winners of the Montana New Zealand Book Award for Poetry, 1996–2009
2009: Jenny Bornholdt, The Rocky Shore. Victoria University Press
2008: Janet Charman, Cold Snack. Auckland University Press
2007: Janet Frame, The Goose Bath. Vintage
2006: Bill Manhire, Lifted. Victoria University Press
2005: Vincent O'Sullivan, Nice morning for it, Adam
2004: Anne Kennedy, Sing-song
2003: Glenn Colquhoun, Playing God
2002: Hone Tuwhare, Piggy-Back Moon
2001: Allen Curnow, The Bells of Saint Babels
2000: Elizabeth Smither, The Lark Quartet
1999: Vincent O'Sullivan, Seeing You Asked
1998: Hone Tuwhare, Shape-Shifter
1997: Jenny Bornholdt, Gregory O'Brien, Mark Williams, eds., Anthology of New Zealand Poetry in English
1996: Bill Manhire, My Sunshine
Winners of the Montana Book Award for Poetry, 1994–1995
1995, Michael Jackson, Pieces of Music
1994, Bill Manhire, ed., 100 New Zealand Poems
Winners of the New Zealand Book Award for Poetry, 1976–1995
1995: Michele Leggott, Dia
1994: Andrew Johnston, How to Talk
1993: Brian Turner, Beyond
1992: Bill Manhire, Milky Way Bar
1991: Cilla McQueen, Berlin Diary
1990: Elizabeth Smither, A Pattern of Marching
1989: Cilla McQueen, Benzina
1988: Anne French, All Cretans are Liars
1987: Allen Curnow, The Loop in Lone Kauri Road
1987: Elizabeth Nannestad, Jump
1986: Kendrick Smithyman, Stories About Wooden Keyboards
1985: Bill Manhire, Zoetropes
1984: Fleur Adcock, Selected Poems
1983: Allen Curnow, You Will Know When You Get There
1983: Cilla McQueen, Homing In
1982: Alistair Campbell, Collected Poems
1981: Michael Jackson, Wall
1988: Allen Curnow, An Incorrigible Music
1979: Kevin Ireland, Literary Cartoons
1978: Bill Manhire, How to Take Your Clothes Off at a Picnic
1978: Ian Wedde, Spells for Coming Down
1977: Ruth Dallas, Walking in the Snow
1977: Alan Loney, Dear Mondrian
1976: Louis Johnson, Fires and Patterns
1976: C.K. Stead, Quesada
See also
List of poetry awards
List of years in poetry
List of years in literature
Notes
External links
Official website of the Ockham New Zealand Book Awards
New Zealand poetry awards
Nicky Gogan is an Irish film director, writer and producer. She is the director of the experimental film festival Darklight Film Festival. She is also a founder and director of the Irish film production company Still Films
Film career
Nicky's first feature film, Seaview, is a documentary about the lives of refugees held in direct provision in Ireland. She co-directed and produced with filmmaker Paul Rowley. The film was commended as "powerful" by the Wall Street Journal. The film was nominated for "Best Documentary" at the 2009 Irish Film and Television Awards. Nicky has gone on to produce over 19 films of which she has directed 3. Her work spans a diverse range of mediums and genres from documentary, experimental, animation and drama.
References
External links
Irish women film directors
Irish documentary film directors
Irish film producers
Irish women screenwriters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Irish women film producers
Andy S. Childs (November 12, 1905 – November 25, 1977) was an American Negro league second baseman in the 1930s.
A native of Pine Bluff, Arkansas, Childs made his Negro leagues debut in 1937 with the Indianapolis Athletics. He went on to play for the Memphis Red Sox the following season. Childs died in San Diego, California in 1977 at age 72.
References
External links
and Seamheads
Andy Childs at Arkansas Baseball Encyclopedia
1905 births
1977 deaths
Indianapolis Athletics players
Memphis Red Sox players
Baseball second basemen
Baseball players from Arkansas
Sportspeople from Pine Bluff, Arkansas
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Neunkirchen am Brand is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
History
Important dates are the founding of the Canons Regular of Saint Augustine monastery, Neunkirchen am Brand monastery, in 1314 and the conferment of the status as market town in 1410. In 1803 Neunkirchen along with the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg became part of Bavaria. Between 1886 and 1963 Neunkirchen was located near a train route from Erlangen to Eschenau.
After the Second World War, refugees settled in Neunkirchen and after the establishment of Siemens AG in Erlangen the town experienced a dramatic increase in inhabitants. Numerous suburbs were built around the traditional center of the town.
Neunkirchen is also the home of a number of industrial and trade companies. The largest industrial employer is the axles factory, the Neunkirchener Achsenfabrik (NAF).
Districts
There are the following districts (pop. statistics as of December 31, 2006):
Neunkirchen (5995 inhabitants)
Baad (85 inhabitants)
Ebersbach (250 inhabitants)
Ermreuth (921 inhabitants)
Großenbuch (575 inhabitants)
Rödlas (149 inhabitants)
Rosenbach (261 inhabitants)
Gleisenhof (near Ermreuth) and Wellucken (7 inhabitants)
Furthermore, there the farms Vogelhof, Erleinhof and Saarmühle.
Sights and culture
The town is marked by well preserved gates, the former Neunkirchen am Brand Monastery, countless timbered houses and a Middle Age warehouse known as a Zehntscheune. In the district of Großenbuch, the Kugler family operates a restaurant that has existed in that location since the 1500s.
Buildings
In the district of Ermreuth, the former synagogue was restored as a venue for various events. Worth seeing in these districts are also the church and the castle.
Regular events
On Good Friday, there is a famous and in this form very rare procession of holy figures
On every second Saturday before St. Anna (July 26), everyone is invited to the local fair. Local clubs present themselves with their own stands and on a stage.
The Neunkirchen church anniversary (Kirchweih or Kerwa) takes place on the weekend of the first Sunday in October.
A Christmas market at St.-Michaels Church is always on the third weekend of Advent.
Twin towns
Deerlijk in Belgium
Tótkomlós in Hungary
References
External links
Official homepage of Neunkirchen am Brand
Ermreuth district page (German)
Forchheim (district)
RC Bystrc is a Czech rugby club in Brno. As the name implies, they are based in the Bystrc district of the city. They currently play in the KB Extraliga, having won the KB První Liga in 2008.
History
Rugby in the then Czechoslovakia was much affected following the nationwide restructuring of Physical Education and Sport in 1953. The Sokol Zbrojovka Brno club split in two, Spartak Zbrojovka Brno (now Dragon Brno) and Slavia VŠ Brno.
The club played in the Řečkovice, Pisárky, Tuřany, and Kníničky areas of Brno as well as the town of Šlapanice and the village of Troubsko, before finally managing to secure their present home ground, the Sportovní areá Ondreje Sekory, at Bystrc.
Honours
První KB Liga
2008
Historical names
1953 - 1959 Slavia VŠ Brno
1960 - 1975 Slavia VSŽ Brno
1976–1981 Ingstav Brno
1982–1999 Lokomotiva-Ingstav Brno
2000 – RC Bystrc
Current squad
Team Management
Head Coach: Pavel Vrána
Assistant Coach: Roman Bačík
Conditioning Coach: Karel Walter
External links
RC Bystrc
Czech rugby union teams
Sport in Brno
Rugby clubs established in 1953
Raymond Eric Frearson (14 January 1904 – 26 February 1991) was an English cricketer. Frearson was a right-handed batsman who bowled Leg break. He was born in Lincoln, Lincolnshire and he died in Skegness, Lincolnshire.
External links
Ray Frearson at ESPNcricinfo
Ray Frearson at CricketArchive
1904 births
1991 deaths
Cricketers from Lincoln, England
English cricketers
East of England cricketers
Minor Counties cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
William Bridges (1933 – February 17, 2013) was an American author, speaker, and organizational consultant. He emphasized the importance of understanding transitions as a key for organizations to succeed in making changes. He says transition is the psychological process of adapting to change. Transition consists of three phases: letting go of the past, the "neutral zone" where the past is gone but the new isn't fully present, and making the new beginning.
He was educated at Harvard (BA, English), Columbia (MA, American History) and Brown (PhD, American Civilization) Universities and taught American Literature at Mills College until 1974,when he became a consultant.
Bridges died on February 17, 2013 from complications of Lewy body disease at his home in Larkspur. He was 79.
Books
Managing Transitions
Transitions
The Way of Transition
Creating You & Co
References
External sources
William Bridges' Amazon Page
wmbridges.com
American male writers
1933 births
2013 deaths
Harvard College alumni
Columbia University alumni
Brown University alumni
Mills College faculty
The Marriage of Iron and Rye is the name given to the coalition of interests between industry and agriculture that supported the adoption of protectionism in Imperial Germany by the Tariff of 1879.
In 1818 Prussia adopted low tariffs (including for grain) and these became the basis of the Zollverein tariff of 1834. In 1853 the duties on grain were abolished and in 1862 the commercial treaty with France (along with similar treaties with other states) greatly cut the duties for manufactured goods. The Treaty of Frankfurt of 1871 instituted most favoured nation status between Germany and France. During the 1850s and 1860s Germany was a net exporter of grain and its farmers opposed tariffs for industry as this might have led to reprisals by Britain against German grain. However, industrialists favoured tariffs against British goods to safeguard their infant industries and therefore came to believe that winning over the farmers to protectionism was crucial.
In the late 1870s world grain prices started to fall due to the opening up of the American prairies to cultivation following the settlement of the Midwest after the Civil War. The increase in railways also helped cheapen grain (which also aided Russian farmers). German grain started to lose ground and Germany became a net importer of wheat and rye. In 1876 both the Association of Tax and Economic Reformers (consisting mostly of large landowners) and the Central Association of German Industrialists were founded and in 1878 they combined to pressure the government into protecting both agriculture and industry. The adoption of protectionism by the Chancellor, Otto von Bismarck, signalled a shift towards a greater reliance on the Conservatives for support rather than on the National Liberals. The tariff was supported by the two Conservative Parties and the Centre Party and opposed by the Progressives and the Socialists, with the Liberals divided.
The tariff protected the great landowners east of the Elbe—the Ostelbier or Junkers—from competition from cheap American grain. Without protection many of these landowners would have declined; the tariff preserved the economic existence and the political ascendancy of the Junker class. Many working men considered the tariff a tax on their food. Along with the Anti-Socialist Laws that banned the Social Democratic Party, the tariff helped alienate the working class from the state. The historian Erich Eyck argued that if Germany's political culture at the beginning of the 20th century differed from Western Europe, agricultural protection was largely responsible.
Tariff rates
The tariff of 15 July 1879 imposed moderate import duties on grain and raised the duties on livestock products. Wheat, rye and oats were subject to a duty of 1 mark per 100kg. On 22 May 1885 these were increased to 3 marks and on 21 December 1887 to 5 marks. On 6 December 1891 the duties on wheat and rye were lowered to 3.50 marks, that on oats to 2.80 marks. On 25 December 1902 the tariff was again modified, with wheat subject of a duty ranging from 7.50-5.50 marks and that on rye and oats to 7-5 marks. On 1 March 1906 the duty on rye was changed to 5.50 marks, those on rye and oats to 5 marks. The duty on meat in 1879 was 12 marks, in 1885 20 marks, in 1891 15 marks (7 marks for pork), in 1902 45 marks and in 1906 27 marks.
Notes
References
Percy Ashley, Modern Tariff History: Germany–United States–France (New York: Howard Fertig, 1970).
William Carr, A History of Germany, 1815-1985 (London: Edward Arnold, 1987).
Erich Eyck, Bismarck and the German Empire (London: Unwin University Books, 1968).
Alexander Gerschenkron, Bread and Democracy in Germany (New York: Howard Fertig, 1966).
Cheryl Schonhardt-Bailey, ‘Parties and Interests in the 'Marriage of Iron and Rye'', British Journal of Political Science, Vol. 28, No. 2 (Apr., 1998), pp. 291-332.
Jonathan Steinberg, Bismarck: A Life (New York: Oxford University Press, 2011).
A. J. P. Taylor, Bismarck: The Man and the Statesman (London: Hamish Hamilton, 1955).
Michael Tracy, Government and Agriculture in Western Europe, 1880–1988 (London: Harvester Wheatsheaf, 1989).
Politics of the German Empire
Oakland may refer to:
Oakland, Henrico County, Virginia
Oakland, Louisa County, Virginia
Oakland, Pittsylvania County, Virginia
Oakland, Roanoke, Virginia
Oakland, Suffolk, Virginia
Oakland, Richmond County, Virginia, now known as Mulch
is a broadcasting station in Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan, and it is affiliated with Japan Radio Network (JRN) and Japan News Network (JNN). It is owned by the government of the prefecture, Mainichi Shimbun, the Bank of Miyazaki and various investors with fewers stocks.
The name MRT comes from Miyazaki Radio and Television, the name was adopted in 1961 upon changing from RMK (Radio Miyazaki K.K.).
Station
Radio
Fukuoka: 936 kHz JONF 5 kW; 90.4 MHz FM
TV (Analog)
Fukuoka: Channel 10 JONF-TV
Nobeoka: Channel 6
Iino: Channel 6
Kushima: Channel 1
Takachiho: Channel 5
TV (Digital)
Button 6
Miyazaki: Channel 15 JONF-DTV
External links
MRT宮崎放送
miten
MRT宮崎放送 - YouTube
Japan News Network
Television stations in Japan
Radio in Japan
Radio stations established in 1954
Television channels and stations established in 1960
Mass media in Miyazaki (city)
Shangoldeh (; also known as Shangoleh and Shanguldeh) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 214, in 61 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Tubificida is an order of annelids belonging to the class Clitellata.
Families:
Dorydrilidae
Naididae Ehrenberg, 1828
Narapidae
Opistocystidae Cernosvitov, 1936
Parvidrilidae Erséus, 1999
Phreodrilidae
Propappidae Coates, 1986
References
Clitellata
The Players Club: Music From and Inspired by the New Line Cinema Motion Picture is the soundtrack to Ice Cube's 1998 film The Players Club. It was released on March 17, 1998 through Heavyweight Records, A&M Records and consists of hip hop and contemporary R&B music. The album features songs from the film's star, Ice Cube, as well as Mr. Short Khop, Brownstone, Changing Faces, Dalvin DeGrate, DJ Spinderella, DMX, Jay-Z, Kurupt, Lil' Mo, Mack 10, Master P, Memphis Bleek, Mia X, Pressha, Public Announcement, Sauce Money, Scarface and more.
The soundtrack made it to number 10 on the Billboard 200 and number 2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart in the United States.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
1998 soundtrack albums
Comedy-drama film soundtracks
Hip hop soundtracks
Albums produced by Bud'da
Albums produced by DJ Clue?
Albums produced by Tim & Bob
Albums produced by Battlecat (producer)
The Battle of Río Bueno in 1759 was a military engagement between Spanish colonial forces and local Huilliche in the Bueno River of south-central Chile. The battle was fought on January 27 with the Spanish forces led by Juan Antonio Garretón. The battle of 1759 was an exception to the overall policy of befriending indigenous communities on behalf of the Spanish authorities in Valdivia.
Beginning in the mid-18th century the Spanish enclave of Valdivia started a period of agricultural expansion. The expansion was mainly directed to the south and was done mostly by pacific means, but hostilities with indigenous Huilliches did occur. In 1758 Huilliche chief Huarán requested Spanish soldiers to defend his lands against his Cunco enemies. The Governor of Valdivia Ambrosio Sáes de Bustamante responded to this call leading to the Battle of Río Bueno in 1759.
There are differing views on the outcome of this battle; according to Diego Barros Arana it was a Spanish victory, yet historian Salvador Rumian Cisterna considers that with the battle chiefs Catrillanca and Paidil managed to halt any further Spanish advance.
After the battle captured Huilliches told the Spanish about the existence of uncontacted Spanish settlements further inside indigenous territory, envigorating belief among the populace of Valdivia about the legendary City of the Caesars. Ignacio Pinuer, a staunch believer in the existence of the city, was present in the battle of Río Bueno claiming "the Caesars" participated in the "Christian" side by attacking the indigenous rearguard at night, securing thus a Spanish victory.
References
Bibliography
Conflicts in 1759
Battle of Rio Bueno
Battle of Rio Bueno
Battle of Rio Bueno
Battles involving Spain
Battles of the Arauco War
Battle of Rio Bueno
Battle of Rio Bueno
Pukemanu was a New Zealand television series that ran from 1971 to 1972.
Background
The series, set in a fictional location, was considered to break ground in the way it approached the subject and examined the town that it was set in. It was produced by Tony Isaac.
It was filmed on location in Ātiamuri.
Cast
The series was the first time that Ian Watkin appeared on screen. He played the town doctor. A core cast member was Ernie Leonard who played the part of Charlie Rata. Veteran actress Pat Evison played the part of Phylis Telford.
References
External links
NZ On Screen: Pukemanu
1970s New Zealand television series
1971 New Zealand television series debuts
1972 New Zealand television series endings
Paramita Roy (Bangla: পারমিতা মুখার্জি রায়) (born 25 December 1962) is an Australian independent film director, producer, writer, educator and keen photographer. Born in Kolkata, India to Indian parents, Roy has relocated her family to Australia in 1999. Most known for her works on feature films, Hori Alone in Kolkata and Another Day in Paradise as director, producer and writer.
Early life and education
Roy was born as Paramita Mukerjee, the daughter of late Ranada Prasad Mukerjee and Gita Mukerjee (Acharya), a businessman and a housewife respectively. Her early education took place in Kolkata, India where she completed a Bachelor of Arts from Calcutta University. She left India when she was 23, to Riyadh, Saudi Arabia where she lived for 5 years, before moving to Papua New Guinea in 1993. She later studied at the Queensland University of Technology for a bachelor's and master's degree in education. Recently, Roy has completed a Theatre Directing course at the National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA), and a post graduate study in Film Directing at the Australian Film Television and Radio School (AFTRS) in Sydney, Australia.
Career
Roy started her career as a school teacher and has taught in Canada, Papua New Guinea, Saudi Arabia and Australia. Currently, she teaches ICT at St Dominic's Priory College Adelaide, Australia.
In 2002, she initiated the Northern Territory Film-makers Association (NTFA) in Darwin, Australia along with the Down Under International Film Festival as a founding member and secretary till she moved to Canberra in 2004. While in Darwin, she directed many short films including People of the Rock, Tell Me Why and Reaching to Me. In an international collaboration, Roy directed a feature film on child labour, which was mentioned at the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly by Karin MacDonald. The film, Hori Alone in Kolkata was screened in Australia and India. Roy has received several accolades for her photography including the Life's Reflection Photography Award presented by the Chief Minister Jon Stanhope. In 2008–2009, Roy directed another feature film, Another Day in Paradise, which was about three teachers from Australia, Romania and India and their journey. The film premiered in Australia in February 2010. Between 2005–2008, Roy has had many of her articles published and presented at the national conference held by the Australian Council for Computers in Education. During her studies at NIDA, she directed a reflective piece about Indian students in Australia, called Paradise Lost. This was followed by another documentary and short film in 2010, Portrait of an Unknown Cabbie and The Leper, which were screened in Sydney, Australia.
Filmography
Short Films
Reaching to Me (2002) Subject: Domestic Violence
Tell Me Why? (2002) - Subject: Children in Detention Centre
Our Planet, Our Future (2003) Subject: Pollution (Environment)
People of the Rock (2004) Subject: Prejudice
God Tag (Producer) 2004 Subject: Indigenous Australians
Paradise Lost (2010) Subject: Story of an Indian Student in Australia
The Leper (2010) Subject: Outcast
Portrait of an Unknown Cabbie (2010) A documentary about an ethnic taxi driver in Australia
Hori Alone in Kolkata (2006)
Another Day in Paradise (2010)
External links
www.paramitaroy.com
References
Living people
1962 births
Australian film directors
Australian women film directors
Australian people of Indian descent
Bengali people
Film directors from Kolkata
Queensland University of Technology alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
Andrea Schöpp (born February 27, 1965) is a German curler from Garmisch-Partenkirchen. She lectures part-time in statistics at the University of Munich.
Career
Schöpp is a two-time World champion ( and ), seven-time European champion (, , , , , , ) and 1992 Winter Olympics champion (demonstration). Schöpp has skipped every team she has played for in international events - except when she plays at the European Mixed Curling Championships, where she usually plays third for her brother, Rainer.
Schöpp made her international debut in 1980, at the age of 15. She skipped the German team to a bronze medal at the European championships that year. She also won silver medals at the Worlds in 1986 and 1987 and a bronze in 1989. She continues to curl, although she has had less success in the last decade. Her fourth-place finish at the 2006 Ford World Women's Curling Championship was her highest placement since 1996 at the Worlds. She won the in Swift Current, Saskatchewan, Canada with an extra-end victory over Scotland's Eve Muirhead.
Schöpp won a gold medal at the 2008 European Mixed Curling Championship as a part of the team skipped by her brother Rainer.
Personal life
Schöpp studied statistics at the University of Munich and earned her diploma in 1991. She completed her doctorate in 1996, and has been employed by the University of Munich from 1991.
Schöpp's brother, Rainer Schöpp, is also a curler.
She was born hours before her longtime teammate, Monika Wagner, in the same hospital.
Teammates
Works
Alternative Parametrisierungen Bei Korrelierten Bivariaten Binären Responsevariablen. Vol. 1, Anwendungsorientierte Statistik. 1997.
References
External links
Andrea Schöpp - Player Profile - Curling - Eurosport UK
Living people
1965 births
Sportspeople from Garmisch-Partenkirchen
German female curlers
Olympic gold medalists for Germany
Medalists at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Curlers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Curlers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Curlers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Curlers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic curlers of Germany
World curling champions
European curling champions
German curling champions
Continental Cup of Curling participants
The United States Wightman Cup team was the more successful team in the Wightman Cup tennis competition. The team won 51 titles out of 61 participations.
History
The United States won the inaugural Wightman Cup in 1923. They won 51 out of 61 titles, including a run of nine straight titles between 1931 and 1939 before World War II, another run of twelve straight titles between 1946 and 1957, and a further run of eleven straight titles between 1979 and 1989.
Members of the inaugural team
Hazel Hotchkiss Wightman
Eleanor Goss
Molla Mallory
Helen Wills
Members of the last team
Jennifer Capriati
Patty Fendick
Mary Joe Fernández
Lori McNeil
Betsy Nagelsen
See also
Wightman Cup
United States Fed Cup team
United States Davis Cup team
Wightman Cup
United States
William Freeman may refer to:
William Freeman (martyr) (1558–1595), English Roman Catholic priest and martyr
William Freeman (politician) (died c. 1801), land surveyor and politician in Nova Scotia
William Henry Freeman (1844–1911), American Civil War soldier
William M. Freeman, writer for The New York Times
William T. Freeman (born 1957), American computer scientist
Bill Freeman (author) (born 1938), Canadian author
Bill Freeman (racing driver)
See also
William Peere Williams-Freeman (1742–1832), Royal Navy officer
County of Carnarvon is one of the 318 counties of Queensland, Australia. It is within the Darling Downs region west Brisbane.
The county came into existence in the 19th century, and on 8 March 1901, the Governor of Queensland issued a proclamation legally dividing Queensland into counties under the Land Act 1897.
Like all counties in Queensland, it is a non-functional administrative unit, that is used mainly for the purpose of registering land titles. From 30 November 2015, the government no longer referenced counties and parishes in land information systems however the Museum of Lands, Mapping and Surveying retains a record for historical purposes.
References
Counties of Queensland
Lacydoniidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Phyllodocida.
Genera:
Lacydonia Marion, 1874
References
Polychaetes
Laura Amy Schlitz is an American author of children's literature. She is a librarian and storyteller at the Park School of Baltimore in Brooklandville, Maryland.
She received the 2008 Newbery Medal for her children's book entitled Good Masters! Sweet Ladies! Voices from a Medieval Village, and the 2013 Newbery Honor for her children's book, Splendors and Glooms. She also won the 2016 Scott O'Dell Award for Historical Fiction, the 2015 National Jewish Book Award, and the Sydney Taylor Book Award for her young adult book, The Hired Girl. Her other published books are The Hero Schliemann: The Dreamer Who Dug For Troy (2006), A Drowned Maiden's Hair: A Melodrama (2006), which won a Cybils Award that year, The Bearskinner: A Tale of the Brothers Grimm (2007), The Night Fairy (2010), Princess Cora and the Crocodile (2017), and Amber and Clay (2021).
Schlitz attended Goucher College in Towson, Maryland, and graduated in 1977.
Good Masters! Sweet Ladies!
Good Masters! Sweet Ladies! Voices from a Medieval Village comprises more than twenty one-person plays and two two-person plays. The 10- to 15-year-old characters all live in or near a 13th-century English manor.
The monologues were written for the 5th Grade curriculum at The Park School during an F. Parvin Sharpless Faculty and Curricular Advancement Program (FACA) at the school.
The book was awarded the 2008 Newbery Medal for excellence in children's literature.
Splendors and Glooms
The main character, rich girl Clara Wintermute, lives with her parents in a wealthy section of London. Her greatest wish for her birthday is for the puppet troupe she saw in a park one day to perform for her and her party guests. So the puppet master, Grisini, and his assistants, 14-year-old Lizzie Rose Fawr and 12-year-old Parsefall Hooke, visit the Wintermute home and put on their show. Then, not long after they visit, young Clara goes missing. Alleged kidnappers demand ransom from her parents, and Clara's father, Dr. Wintermute, brings the ransom to the appointed place, but the kidnapper never shows up. Meanwhile, an old witch is using her magic to summon Grisini to her estate near Lake Windermere. All of the children's lives soon become entangled with Grisini; the witch, Cassandra; and the Wintermutes. And all the while, Clara is being hidden in plain sight.
The book was awarded the 2013 Newbery Honor for excellence in children's literature.
List of published books
Candlewick Press published all eight books that are listed under Schlitz's name in the U.S. Library of Congress catalog.
A Drowned Maiden's Hair: A Melodrama (2006), Cybils Award winner
The Hero Schliemann: the dreamer who dug for Troy (2006), (illustrated by Robert Byrd)
The Bearskinner: a tale of the Brothers Grimm (2007), retold by Schlitz, (illustrated by Max Grafe)
Good Masters! Sweet Ladies! Voices from a Medieval Village (2007), Newbery Medal Winner (illustrated by Robert Byrd)
The Night Fairy (2010), (illustrated by Angela Barrett)
Splendors and Glooms (2012), Newbery Honor winner
The Hired Girl (2015), Scott O'Dell Award for Historical Fiction, Sydney Taylor Book Award, and National Jewish Book Award winner
Princess Cora and the Crocodile (2017), (illustrated by Brian Floca)
Amber and Clay (2021), (illustrated by Julia Iredale)
Schlitz also wrote A Gypsy at Almack's, an adult romance novel, under the name of Chloe Cheshire.
References
External links
Park School article about 2013 Newbery Honor
Miss Erin's 2007 interview with Schlitz
1955 births
Living people
American children's writers
Newbery Medal winners
Newbery Honor winners
Writers from Baltimore
American librarians
American women librarians
Goucher College alumni
People from Baltimore County, Maryland
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
American women children's writers
American women novelists
Novelists from Maryland
Frank E. Wetherell (1869 – 1961) was an American architect in the U.S. state of Iowa who was active from 1892 to 1931. He founded the second oldest architectural firm in the state in Des Moines, Iowa, in 1905. He worked with Roland Harrison (born in 1889, age 95 in 1983) in partnership Wetherell & Harrison. The firm designed numerous Masonic buildings.
Wetherell frequently collaborated with Oliver O. Smith. With the addition of Alvah J. Gage, the firm became Smith, Wetherell & Gage. and later Smith & Gage. Wetherell was prominent statewide as an architect known for public buildings, residences, and urban planning. At least 44 extant properties in Oskaloosa, Iowa are attributed to him.
He was a parishioner of St. James Episcopal Church (Oskaloosa, Iowa), which he designed in Gothic Revival architecture.
Notable works
Many of Wetherell's and the firms' works as well as works of his partners are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Works include:
Alden Public Library, 1012 Water St. Alden, IA (Wetherell & Gage), NRHP-listed
Appanoose County Courthouse, Van Buren and N. 12th St. Centerville, IA (Smith & Gage), NRHP-listed
Bedford Public Library, Jefferson St. Bedford, IA (Wetherell & Gage), NRHP-listed
Bloomfield Public Library, 107 N. Columbia Bloomfield, IA (Wetherell & Gage), NRHP-listed
Burns United Methodist Church, 811 Crocker St. Des Moines, IA (Wetherell & Gage), NRHP-listed
Cherokee Public Library, 215 S. 2nd St. Cherokee, IA (Wetherell, F.E.), NRHP-listed
Decatur County Courthouse, 9th St. Leon, IA (Smith, Wetherell and Gage), NRHP-listed
Drake Municipal Observatory, Waveland Park, Des Moines, IA
Eagle Grove Public Library, 401 W. Broadway Eagle Grove, IA (Smith & Gage), NRHP-listed
Eldon Carnegie Public Library, 608 W. Elm St. Eldon, IA (Wetherell and Gage), NRHP-listed
Forest Cemetery Entrance, Jct. of N. 9th St. and J Ave. E. Oskaloosa, IA (Wetherell, Frank E.), NRHP-listed
E. H. Gibbs House, William Penn College Campus, N. Market Extension Oskaloosa, IA (Wetherell, Frank E.), NRHP-listed
Phil Hoffman House, 807 High Ave. E. Oskaloosa, IA (Wetherell, Frank E.), NRHP-listed
Homestead Building, 303 Locust St. Des Moines, IA (Smith & Gage), NRHP-listed
Keokuk County Courthouse, Main St. Sigourney, IA (Wetherell & Gage), NRHP-listed
Laurens Carnegie Free Library, 263 N. 3rd St. Laurens, IA (Wetherell & Gage), NRHP-listed
Lincoln School, 911 B Ave. W. Oskaloosa, IA (Wetherell, Frank E.), NRHP-listed
Malek Theatre, 116 2nd Ave. NE. Independence, IA (Wetherell & Harrison), NRHP-listed
Oskaloosa City Hall, jct. of S. Market St. and 2nd Ave. E., NE corner Oskaloosa, IA (Wetherell, Frank E.), NRHP-listed
Oskaloosa City Park and Band Stand, City Park Oskaloosa, IA (Wetherell, Frank E.), NRHP-listed
Oskaloosa Fire Station, 109-111 2nd Ave. E. Oskaloosa, IA (Wetherell, Frank E.), NRHP-listed
Oskaloosa Public Library, Southwestern corner of the junction of Market St. and 2nd Ave. Oskaloosa, IA (Wetherell, Frank E.), NRHP-listed
Seeberger-Loring-Kilburn House, 509 High Ave., E. Oskaloosa, IA (Wetherell, Frank E.), NRHP-listed
C.F. and Mary Singmaster House, 32263 190th St. Keota, IA (Wetherell of Oskaloosa), NRHP-listed
St. James Episcopal Church, jct. of 1st Ave. and S. 3rd St., SW corner Oskaloosa, IA (Wetherell, Frank E.), NRHP-listed
Sioux Theatre, 218 Main St. Sioux Rapids, Iowa (Wetherell & Harrison), NRHP-listed
The Capitol Theater, 211 N. Third St. Burlington, IA (Wetherall & Harrison), NRHP-listed
Thomas I. Stoner House, 1030 56th St. Des Moines, IA (Wetherell & Harrison), NRHP-listed
Scottish Rite Consistory Building (Des Moines, Iowa), 6th Ave. and Park St., Des Moines, Iowa (Roland Harrison), NRHP-listed
One or more works in Courthouse Square Historic District, Roughly bounded by Van Buren, Haynes, Maple, and 10th Sts. Centerville, IA (Smith & Gage), NRHP-listed
One or more works in Drake University Campus Historic District, roughly two blocks along University Ave. near Twenty-fifth St. Des Moines, IA (Smith & Gage), NRHP-listed
One or more works in Highland Park Historic Business District at Euclid and Sixth Avenues, roughly jct. of Euclis Ave. and Sixth Ave. Des Moines, IA (Wetherell & Gage), NRHP-listed
One or more works in the Grinnell Historic Commercial District, Roughly bounded by Main, Broad, and Commercial Sts. and 5th Ave., Grinnell, Iowa (F.E. Wetherell), NRHP-listed
One or more works in Montezuma Downtown Historic District, Roughly along 3rd, 4th, Main & Liberty Sts. around courthouse square, Montezuma, IA (Frank E. Wetherell), NRHP-listed
One or more works in Public Square Historic District, roughly around Keokuk County Court House Sigourney, IA (Wetherell and Gage), NRHP-listed
One or more works in Winterset Courthouse Square Commercial Historic District, roughly bounded by Green & 2nd Sts., 2nd Ave. & alley S. of Court Ave. Winterset, IA (Wetherell and Gage), NRHP-listed
See also
Winslow & Wetherell
References
Architects from Iowa
American architects
1889 births
1961 deaths
Windward Express Airways is based at Princess Juliana International Airport (SXM), Sint Maarten. It provides Air Charter and cargo services throughout the Eastern Caribbean.
Fleet and Services
Windward Express operates three Britten-Norman Islanders using the STOL (Short Take-Off and Landing) capabilities which for operation at short runways such as St. Barths (Saint-Barthélemy), Baillif, Le Saints and Saba.
External links
Windward Express
Windward Express Islander Picture
Airlines of the Netherlands Antilles
Airlines of Sint Maarten
Carenum brevipenne is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1887.
References
brevipenne
Beetles described in 1887
Tone patterns () are common constraints in classical Chinese poetry.
The four tones of Middle Chinese—level (平), rising (上), departing (去), and entering (入) tones—are categorized into level (平) tones and oblique (仄) tones. Tones that are not level are oblique. When tone patterns are used in poetry, the pattern in which level and oblique tones occur in one line is often the inverse of that of the line next to it. For example, in the poem 春望 (pinyin: chūn wàng, Spring View) by Du Fu, the tone pattern of the first line is 仄仄平平仄, while that of the second line is 平平仄仄平:
In poetry
In Classical Chinese poetry, the presence or absence of formal tonal constraints regarding tone pattern varies according to the poetic form of a specific poem. Sometimes the rules governing the permissible tone patterns for a poem were quite strict, yet still allowed for a certain amount of liberty and variation, as in the case of regulated verse. In the fixed-tone pattern type of verse, poems were written according to preexisting models known as "tunes". This was the case with the ci and the qu: an individual poem was written so that its tone pattern (and line lengths) were the same as one of the model types, the poetic variation was in the change in the particular wording of the lyrics.
See also
General
Tone (linguistics)
Four tones of Middle Chinese
Tone pattern in poetry
Chinese Sanqu poetry
Ci (poetry)
Qu (poetry)
Regulated verse
Chinese poetry
Chinese language
Giampilieri Superiore is a of the of Messina in the Province of Messina, Sicily, southern Italy. It stands at an elevation of 75 metres above sea level. At the time of the Istat census of 2001, it had 1800 inhabitants.
History
Between the sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries Giampilieri was affected by a consistent urban development, acquiring great importance in the area south of Messina and becoming the most important farmhouse. This is certainly confirmed by the fact that in this period two very important public buildings were built, the prison and the hospital, which involved the presence in the village of both a garrison of twenty soldiers and religious orders and knightly orders.
On 1 October 2009 it sadly jumped to the headlines for the flood and the landslide, which cost 37 victims, 21 of which in the village of Giampilieri alone, together with the other neighboring territories of Giampilieri Marina, Molino, Altolia, Briga Marina, Briga Superiore and the town of Scaletta Zanclea.
The village suffered heavily in the mudslides which devastated the area in 2009. Buried in mud, now it has been rebuilt.
Traffic and public transport
The village is connected to the state road 114 Orientale Sicula by the provincial road nº 33, which, starting from the Giampilieri Marina crossroads, crosses the village, continuing towards Molino and Altolia. The minor viability is made up of alleys and stairways.
Giampilieri is connected to the city center by two ATM bus lines: shuttle line nº 1 (Torre Faro - Giampilieri Superiore) and shuttle line nº 2 (Briga Sup.- Altolia).
Since 2010, a suburban train service has been carried out along the Messina-Catania-Syracuse railway with routes serving the stations of Fiumara Gazzi, Contesse, Tremestieri, Mili Marina, Galati, Ponte Santo Stefano, Ponte Schiavo, San Paolo and Giampilieri.
Religious monuments
The village church is dedicated to St. Nicholas of Bari, whose cult is widespread in the area (it is also present in Pezzolo, Zafferia, Briga Superiore and Bordonaro). The church with additions and modifications, maintains the Renaissance character that distinguishes it. The interior is full of works of art of particular importance. On the hill located on the southern side of the torrent, in front of the village, stands the ancient sanctuary of the Madonna delle Grazie.
References
Frazioni of the Metropolitan City of Messina
The 25th Aero Squadron was a United States Army Air Service unit that fought on the Western Front during World War I.
The squadron was assigned as a Day Pursuit (Fighter) Squadron as part of the 4th Pursuit Group, Second United States Army. Its mission was to engage and clear enemy aircraft from the skies and provide escort to reconnaissance and bombardment squadrons over enemy territory.
The squadron saw limited combat, and with Second Army's planned offensive drive on Metz cancelled due to the 1918 Armistice with Germany, the squadron returned to the United States in June 1919 and was demobilized .
The current United States Air Force unit which holds its lineage and history is the 25th Space Range Squadron, based at Schriever Air Force Base, Colorado and assigned to the Nevada Test & Training Range. On March 31, 2020, it was announced that the 25th would be moved to the newly formed United States Space Force. This transfer will make the 25th the oldest unit in the USSF.
History
Origins
A detail of men from the 3d Aero Squadron at Fort Sam Houston, Texas, was assigned to the new Kelly Field on 7 May 1917 to erect tents for the First Provisional Recruit Regiment. The next day, after a sufficient number of tents were put up, what became the 25th Aero Squadron began being quartered in Row "G". On 10 May, the first formation of men was held. Between 11 May and 13 June, the men of Row G went through the usual recruit training, a minute allowance of drill and a large portion of fatigue, such as digging ditches, latrines, excavation for road-building, erection of wooden barracks and performing guard duty on what became Kelly Field #1. Quite a few of the buildings erected on the field were the handiwork of the squadron. On 13 June, the unit was formally organized and given the designation of "20th Aero Squadron", however, due to a clerical error, the designation had been allocated to another unit, the squadron was re-designated as the "25th Aero Squadron" on 22 June.
On 1 July, equipment of all kinds was issued to the men, including uniforms, rifles, ammunition belts, but no aircraft. On the 15th, an old Curtiss RE-2 aircraft was parked in front of the squadron. Training was held on repair and rigging this aircraft, and on the 26th, the squadron was moved from their row of tents into one of the new wooden barracks which they had helped to erect. Further instruction on aircraft maintenance continued, and on 15 September, several crews from the squadron were sent over to the airfield to take charge of some Curtiss JN-4As and LWS, which were flying daily from Kelly Field #1.
Training continued through the months of October and November at Kelly Field. On 9 December, the squadron was ready to be sent overseas and was ordered to proceed to the Aviation Concentration Center, Garden City, Long Island. The squadron, however, did not depart Kelly Field until 28 December, arriving in New York on 3 January 1918. The time spent in Garden City was short, as on 9 January, the squadron took a short train trip to Hoboken, New Jersey and boarded the RMS Carmania, bound for Liverpool, England. The voyage across the Atlantic was uneventful, the squadron arriving in Liverpool on 24 January. A train was taken south to Winchester, where the 25th Aero Squadron was assigned to the Romsey Rest Camp.
Training in England
At Winchester, it was learned that the squadron would be assigned to the British Royal Flying Corps for advanced training before being sent to the front in France. It boarded a train, first proceeding to London, then changing there, took another train to Scotland, arriving at RFC Ayr at 9:00am on 31 January. At Ayr, the squadron was assigned to the #1 School of Aerial Fighting. After several weeks of intense training by the RFC, the British trainers determined that the squadron was perfectly capable of doing the work they were assigned. The men were divided into different flights, and were given the assignments of maintaining Sopwith Pups, Sopwith Camels, SE.5s, Sopwith Dolphins, French SPADs, Avro 504s, Bristol Fighters and Bristol monoplanes. Also a captured German Albatros was sent there for instructional purposes. On 23 April, the squadron was ordered to proceed to the #2 School of Aerial Fighting, RFC Marske-by-the-Sea, England for further training. There, given the scarcity of British aircraft mechanics, a large majority of the men of the 25th were pressed into service to support the station's operations. Finally, in early August, the squadron, being eager to get to the front, was ordered to proceed to France, leaving on 7 August for the Romney Rest Camp at Winchester. However, due to delays, the 25th did not reach the port of Le Havre until the afternoon of 16 August.
Western Front
After several days at Rest Camp #4, the 25th Aero Squadron boarded a French troop train bound for the Replacement Concentration Center, AEF, St. Maixent Replacement Barracks on 18 August for equipping, and personnel processing. Then on the 27th, it moved again to the Air Service Production Center No. 2. at Romorantin Aerodrome, arriving on the 29th. There, the squadron went back to performing the same work it was doing at Kelly Field, that of ten hours of fatigue work each day, unloading steel from cars and placing it in piles. It continued this until 16 September when they departed for the 1st Air Depot at Colombey-les-Belles Airdrome.
At Colombey the squadron was finally classified as a Pursuit Squadron, and also began to receive pursuit pilots. Many of the pilots had been trained in England and had been attached to British squadrons, flying Royal Aircraft Factory S.E.5s over the lines. During its time in England, the 25th had gained much experience in maintaining S.E.5s, and it was delighted to learn it would be the first American Squadron to be equipped with the British aircraft. However, the S.E.5s which it would be equipped were intended to be fitted with American license-built Hispano-Suiza 8 engines manufactured by Wright Aeronautical. The planes were being assembled by the Austin Motor Company, in Birmingham and Coventry, England and several flying officers were sent to England to ferry the planes to the front. However, this did not proceed as quickly as was hoped, as delays in the delivery of the aircraft in England and with one aircraft being flown to the American Air Acceptance Park #1 at Orly Field, it was held for an engine overhaul, a thorough examination and it needed to be equipped with armament.
On 24 October, the squadron was moved to Croix de Metz Aerodrome, near Toul, where the squadron was assigned to the Second Army Air Service, 4th Pursuit Group. The 141st Aero Squadron of the group was already operating over the lines with SPAD XIIIs, but the 25th was still awaiting aircraft. The next ten days were spent on camp duty awaiting the problems with its aircraft being sorted out. Finally, on 1 November, the first S.E.5 was delivered to the squadron, with the second aircraft being delivered the next day. Deliveries of the planes continued, although at a slow pace though November until the full complement of twenty-one planes was received by the end of the month.
On 10 November, the 25th Aero Squadron made its first flight over the lines, joining with the 4th Pursuit Group in a hunting expedition in front of Metz, with many of the 25th's S.E. 5as missing their "overhead" mount Lewis machine guns. No enemy aircraft were seen, but the squadron bombed German targets in Metz with twenty-pound bombs each pilot carried on their lap. This patrol qualified the squadron as an aerial pursuit unit operating on the front. The morning of the 11th saw another patrol being made over the front, being in the air at the time of the Armistice with Germany. However, again no enemy aircraft were seen, no bombs dropped and no rounds were fired by the squadron. One of the 25th's new pilots flying on the 10th and 11th was Philadelphia-born Joseph E. "Child Yank" Boudwin, the former wingman of Royal Air Force ace pilot Andrew Beauchamp-Proctor, when both men (often with Hugh Saunders as the other wingman to Beauchamp-Proctor) flew S.E.5as with No. 84 Squadron RAF from Bertangles, in the summer of 1918.
Demobilization
After the signing of the Armistice and the conclusion of the war, flying continued on a limited basis to keep the pilots proficient in their skills. However, the main endeavors of the squadron were infantry drill guard duty, and Army administrative paperwork. Although the squadron did not destroy any enemy aircraft, it was granted the privilege of placing the squadron emblem on its aircraft in view of the fact that the pilots that made up the squadron had shot down over thirty enemy aircraft with their service in with the British.
Owing that the squadron had come late to the front, it remained at Toul until 15 April 1919 when, with the demobilization of the Second Army Air Service, orders were received from Second Army for the squadron to report to the 1st Air Depot, Colombey-les-Belles Aerodrome to turn in all of its supplies and equipment and was relieved from duty with the AEF. The squadron's S.E.5 aircraft were delivered to the Air Service American Air Service Acceptance Park No. 1 at Orly Aerodrome to be returned to the British. There practically all of the pilots and observers were detached from the squadron.
Personnel at Colombey were subsequently assigned to the commanding general, services of supply, and ordered to report to one of several staging camps in France. There, personnel awaited scheduling to report to one of the base ports in France for transport to the United States and subsequent demobilization.
In June, the 25th Aero Squadron returned to Mitchell Field, New York, where its men were demobilized and returned to civilian life.
Lineage
Organized as 20th Aero Squadron on 13 June 1917
Re-designated 25th Aero Squadron on 21 June 1917
Re-designated 25th Aero Squadron (Pursuit) on 10 September 1918
Demobilized on 17 June 1919
Assignments
Post Headquarters, Kelly Field, 13 June 1917
Aviation Concentration Center, 3 January 1918
Air Service Headquarters, AEF, British Isles
Attached to the Royal Flying Corps for training, 31 January-16 August 1918
Replacement Concentration Center, AEF, 18 August 1918
Air Service Production Center No. 2, 29 August 1918
1st Air Depot, 16 September 1918
4th Pursuit Group, 24 October 1918
1st Air Depot, 15 April 1919
Commanding General, Services of Supply, April 1919
Post Headquarters, Mitchell Field, June 1919
Stations
Kelly Field, Texas, 13 Jun-28 Dec 1917
Aviation Concentration Center, Garden City, New York, 3 January 1918
Port of Entry, Hoboken, New Jersey, 9 January 1918
Overseas transport: RMS Carmania, 9–24 January 1918
Liverpool, England, 24 January 1918
Romsey Rest Camp, Winchester, England, 25 January 1918
RFC Ayr, Scotland, 31 January 1918
RFC Marske-by-the-Sea, England, 23 April 1918
Romsey Rest Camp, Winchester, England, 7 August 1918
Rest Camp #4, Le Havre, France, 16 August 1918
St. Maixent Replacement Barracks, France, 18 August 1918
Romorantin Aerodrome, France, 29 August 1918
Colombey-les-Belles Aerodrome, France, 16 September 1918
Croix de Metz Aerodrome, Toul, France, 24 October 1918
Colombey-les-Belles Aerodrome, France, 19 April 1919
France, April–June 1919
Mitchell Field, New York, 6–17 June 1919.
Combat sectors and campaigns
Notable personnel
Reed G. Landis, formerly flew with No. 40 Squadron RAF accredited with 12 aerial victories
Frederick Ernest Luff, accredited with 5 aerial victories, DFC recipient
Donald S. Poler, accredited with 1 aerial victory, SSC recipient
Eugene Hoy Barksdale, accredited with 6 aerial victories, DSC recipient, Barksdale AFB named in his honor
Hilbert Leigh Bair, accredited with 6 aerial victories, DSC & DRC recipient
Joseph Elwood "Shorty/Child Yank" Boudwin, Jr., also a No. 84 Squadron RAF veteran. The Warren J. Brown-authored history book "Child Yank over the Rainbow" is based on his diary.
See also
Organization of the Air Service of the American Expeditionary Force
List of American aero squadrons
References
Aircraft squadrons of the United States Army Air Service
Squadrons of the United States Army Air Service in World War I
Military units and formations disestablished in 1919
Judy Hohaia is a New Zealand Māori weaver from the Te Rārawa iwi. Her work is included in the permanent collection of museums of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa.
In 1996, Hohaia collaborated with fellow weavers Joy Wikitera and Shona Tawhiao to found Takirua Weavers. The trio made and sold woven art and kete (baskets).
From 2003 to 2005 Hohaia and Tawhiao were employed to weave the front and back walls (the area between poupou and the kakaho panels) of the Unitec Institute of Technology Marae in Auckland.
Hohaia's work was part of the exhibition Toi Maori: The Eternal Thread, which toured the United States and New Zealand in 2007.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
New Zealand Māori weavers
Te Rarawa
Yakinskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Ilezskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 12 as of 2002.
Geography
Yakinskaya is located 38 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Karchevskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The 2021–22 Chinese Women's Volleyball Super League is the 25th season of the Chinese Women's Volleyball Super League, the highest professional volleyball league in China. The season began on 25 November 2021 and end the Finals on 6 January 2022. Tianjin Bohai Bank were the defending champion. The league is divided into three stages. The first stage, 14 teams separated into two groups, matches began on 25 November and ended on 4 December. The second stage, began on 15 December and ended on 28 December. The final stage, began on 30 December and ended on 6 January .
Shenzhen Phoenix is the new team in this season, which was established by Chinese Volleyball Association and Volleyball Federation of Serbia in 2021.
Similar to Season 2020/21, this season also held at one designed venue, no spectators is allowed. Meanwhile, All Star Games made its return this season after last year's absence.
Teams
Teams and locations
Foreign players
The number of foreign players is restricted for each club. In this season, each team is only allowed one foreign player in a match, no more than one is allowed at the same time.
Transfer players
Regular season
First stage
Group A
|}
Source: Ranking Table Group A
Round 1
|}
Round 2
|}
Round 3
|}
Round 4
|}
Round 5
|}
Round 6
|}
Round 7
|}
Group B
|}
Source: Ranking Table Group B
Round 1
|}
Round 2
|}
Round 3
|}
Round 4
|}
Round 5
|}
Round 6
|}
Round 7
|}
Second stage
Final stage
Final standing
References
External links
Official website of the Chinese Volleyball Association
Volleyball League, 2019-20
Volleyball League, 2019-20
2021 in women's volleyball
William Ryan (March 8, 1840February 18, 1925) was a banker and businessman who served as a U.S. Representative from New York.
Biography
Born in County Tipperary in Ireland (then a part of the U.K.) on March 8, 1840, Ryan immigrated to the United States with his parents, who settled in Stanwich (now Greenwich, Connecticut) in 1844. He attended the local schools, worked on farms near Greenwich and taught school. In the spring of 1859, he went to the Rocky Mountains and engaged in prospecting and mining until 1861, when he settled in Port Chester, New York. Ryan was a successful farmer, merchant and banker.
Political career
A Democrat, he served in local office including school board member. He was Town Supervisor of Rye from 1883 to 1885. In 1886, he was appointed Undersheriff of Westchester County and he served until 1889. He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Westchester Co., 2nd D.) in 1891 and 1892.
Ryan was elected to the 53rd Congress, serving from March 4, 1893, to March 3, 1895.
Later career
Ryan resumed his business interests after leaving Congress, including serving as President of the Port Chester Savings Bank and operating a Florida ranch that produced oranges. He also served as President of the Village of Port Chester.
Death and burial
Ryan died in Crescent City, Florida on February 18, 1925. He was interred in St. Mary's Cemetery in Greenwich.
References
External links
1840 births
1925 deaths
American bank presidents
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
Members of the New York State Assembly
People from Port Chester, New York
People from County Tipperary
Politicians from County Tipperary
Businesspeople from Greenwich, Connecticut
Burials in Connecticut
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Alexander Viggo Jensen (born 22 June 1874 in Copenhagen, Denmark; died 2 November 1930 in Copenhagen, Denmark) was a Danish weightlifter, sport shooter, gymnast, and athlete. He was the first Danish and Nordic Olympic champion, at the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens.
The first weightlifting event held was the two-handed lift, in a style now known as the clean and jerk. Jensen and Launceston Elliot of Great Britain and Ireland finished the competition tied at 111.5 kilograms, though the judges declared Jensen had performed the lift with better form and would be awarded first place. The British delegation protested, resulting in more attempts being given both lifters to improve their scores. Neither did and therefore Jensen retained first place, but he had injured his shoulder in the extra attempts.
That injury hampered Jensen's efforts in the one-handed lift, the snatch. He was able to lift only 57.0 kilograms to Elliot's 71.0 kilograms, taking second place in the event. Jensen competed in the shot put, placing fourth. He was not among the top four in the discus throw, placing sixth.
In the gymnastics competitions, Jensen entered the rope climbing event. He did not finish the climb, placing fourth behind the two Greeks who did reach the top of the 14 metre rope and Fritz Hofmann, who had gotten higher than Jensen. He was ahead of Launceston Elliot in the event.
He also competed in the two rifle events. In the military rifle, Jensen placed sixth with a score of 1,640 points and 30 hits of 40 shots. The free rifle was more successful for him, as he finished third at 1,305 points on 31 hits. His scores for each string of 10 shots were 392, 423, 280, and 210.
References
External links
1874 births
1930 deaths
Olympic athletes of Denmark
Olympic gymnasts of Denmark
Olympic shooters of Denmark
Olympic weightlifters of Denmark
Athletes (track and field) at the 1896 Summer Olympics
19th-century sportsmen
Gymnasts at the 1896 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1896 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1900 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1896 Summer Olympics
Danish male shot putters
Danish male discus throwers
Danish male artistic gymnasts
Danish male sport shooters
ISSF rifle shooters
Danish male weightlifters
Olympic gold medalists for Denmark
Olympic silver medalists for Denmark
Olympic bronze medalists for Denmark
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Olympic medalists in shooting
Medalists at the 1896 Summer Olympics
People associated with physical culture
Sportspeople from Copenhagen
"Corner Pocket" is a 1955 jazz standard. Versions with lyrics are titled "Until I Met You", or "Until I Met You (Corner Pocket)".
It was composed by Freddie Green, with lyrics by Donald E. Wolf.
Recordings
The song was first popularized in 1957 by Count Basie's instrumental recording for his album April in Paris. A vocalese cover of this performance was released by The Manhattan Transfer for their 1981 album Mecca for Moderns, which would eventually earn them a Grammy Award. (The vocalese lyrics are by Jon Hendricks, although he is not credited on either Mecca for Moderns or Anthology: Down in Birdland.
Harry James recorded a version on his 1976 album The King James Version.
See also
List of jazz standards
References
1950s jazz standards
1955 songs
Barala railway station is a railway station on Nalhati–Azimganj branch line under the Howrah railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated at Sahapur, Barala in Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
History
Nalhati–Azimganj branch line connecting Nalhati Junction to Azimganj Junction railway station was opened on 21 December 1863 as Nalhati–Azimganj State railway. This was purchased by the Government of India in 1872. It became a part of the East Indian Railway Company in 1892.
References
Railway stations in Murshidabad district
Howrah railway division
Railway stations opened in 1863
The 1963 Copa Libertadores Finals was a football series between Santos and Boca Juniors on September 4 and September 11 of this same year. It was the fourth final of South America's most prestigious football competition, the Copa de Campeones (known in the modern era as "Copa Libertadores"). Defending champions Santos were appearing in their second consecutive final, whereas Boca Juniors were seeking to win the competition for the first time. Both finalists reached the final with relative ease as they crushed Botafogo and Peñarol.
Boca Juniors needed to win two group series to reach the finals. The Xeneixes progressed past the First round after winning three matches and losing only one, including a legendary 5-3 match against Olimpia which would repeat itself 26 editions later. As the defending champions, Santos begin their participation in the semifinals.
Qualified teams
Stadiums
Finals
First leg
Second leg
References
1963
1963
1963 in Argentine football
1963 in Brazilian football
l
l
1963 in South American football
Warwick Investment Group is a SEC-registered investment advisor, managing funds that invest globally in natural resources, real estate and digital assets. Warwick has an established track record in strategic consolidation in these sectors, having completed more than 4,000 transactions since inception. The firm has 75 team members and advisors in the US, Europe and Asia investing across private equity funds, special purpose vehicles and open-ended structures.
Warwick's energy and natural resources platform specializes in consolidating working interests and royalties using geology, engineering, data science and multi-disciplinary investment teams. Warwick's real estate platforms specialize in identifying investment opportunities in markets with favorable tailwinds and attractive risk-adjusted returns. Through consolidation strategies and development, the firm generates alpha through stable and growing yields, inflation protection and value-add returns.
Strategy
Warwick specializes in asset classes where it can provide differentiated returns across market cycles.
Warwick has a large data science practice that specializes in econometrics, natural language processing, machine learning, network graph algorithms, on-chain analytics and multivariate geospatial, predictive, prescriptive and time series analytics.
History
Warwick was founded in 2010 by Kate Richard, a former Goldman Sachs investment banker and investor for MSD Capital, Michael Dell's private investment fund in New York.
Activities
June 2022: Warwick further consolidated its London Mayfair portfolio with the acquisition of two buildings on Green Street. Warwick received a $50 million commitment to its residential platform from the Michigan Office of Retirement Services.
March 2022: Warwick added to its portfolio in Belgravia with the addition of its Mozart portfolio.
December 2021: The residential platform acquired the historic 13 North Audley in Mayfair, London, through an off-market transaction.
October 2021: Warwick acquired a rare portfolio of nine gated freehold mews houses with underground parking in Belgravia, London.
September 2021: Warwick Investment Group increased Eagle Ford Shale footprint with $450 million acquisition from Rosewood Resources.
June 2021: Warwick hired former CPC Group executive to lead its European real estate platform.
March 2021: Warwick Investment Group announced its Final Close for its fourth energy fund, Warwick Partners IV, L.P.
August 2015: Warwick announced its first closing and commenced capital deployment for Warwick Partners III, L.P., a discretionary private investment fund.
May 2015: Warwick Energy Investment Group, LLC, an affiliate of Warwick, became a Registered Investment Adviser with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
2014: Warwick invested the capital of Warwick Partners II LLC in oil and gas and midstream interests in the Eagle Ford Shale of South Texas. That same year, Warwick entered into a joint venture through which it acquired oil and gas mineral and royalty assets for investor ownership on behalf of US & international pension funds.
2013: Warwick invested the capital of Warwick Partners I LLC in the Permian Basin of Texas, the Mid-Continent Basins of Oklahoma and Arkansas, the Powder River Basin of Wyoming, and the DJ Basin of Colorado.
2010: Warwick Energy Group, LLC was founded in New York.
Investment Verticals
Natural Resources
Warwick's natural resources team specializes in acquiring and consolidating subsurface real estate. Warwick's active discretionary funds, Warwick Partners III and Warwick Partners IV seek to invest in cash flowing oil and gas assets and develop low breakeven cost inventory. Warwick partners with blue-chip operators and has its own operations team to develop its properties. Active investments of note include ownership of:
One of the largest private companies in the core of the Mid-continent oil and gas fields in Oklahoma
Interests in the Eagle Ford Shale oil field (including midstream infrastructure) in Karnes and Live Oak Counties, Texas
A $450 million acquisition of operated oil and gas assets from Rosewood Resources - an entity owned by the Caroline Rose Hunt Trust Estate - which are adjacent to Warwick's Karnes and Live Oak interests
Previous divestitures include assets located in the Midland Basin in Texas, the Powder River Basin in Wyoming, the Fayetteville Shale in Arkansas, the Delaware Basin in Texas and the Bakken Shale in North Dakota. Active Warwick funds are focused on investment in low-cost oil basins in Texas, New Mexico and Oklahoma.
Real Estate
Warwick's real estate platform is focused on executing consolidation strategies in the cores of global cities with the potential for long-term capital appreciation across multiple real estate asset classes.
The residential platform is headed by Andrew Chrysostomou who formerly led the central London developer, CPC Group. Throughout 2021 and 2022, Warwick has acquired over 20 multifamily buildings across central London in the Mayfair and Belgravia neighborhoods.
Awards and affiliations
In October 2021, Warwick's CEO, Kate Richard, was named to the Private Equity 2021 Women to Watch List by the Wall Street Journal, and was the only private equity founder named in the group.
In February 2020, Warwick became a signatory of the UN-supported Principles for Responsible Investment.
In October 2018, Warwick's CFO, Brian Blad was named one of Oil & Gas Investor's "Forty Under 40 in Energy"
See also
Private equity firm
Private equity fund
List of private equity firms
List of oil exploration and production companies
List of the largest oil and gas companies by revenue
Private equity real estate
References
External links
Financial services companies established in 2010
Private equity firms of the United States
Oil companies of the United States
Natural gas companies of the United States
Petroleum in Oklahoma
Companies based in Oklahoma City
Energy companies established in 2010
American companies established in 2010
A Joint Service Publication (JSP) is a United Kingdom MoD related document.
A JSP is an authoritative set of rules or guidelines with defence-wide applicability or interest. Many are connected with safety or engineering and, as such, are considered important documents for those working in those areas.
Responsible Authority
As a library of publications, JSPs are not the responsibility of any one person or organisation and over the years this has resulted in an unstructured group of publications many of which have become out of date.
Future Development
Reviews have been carried out into the way that JSPs are published and managed with a view to streamlining and improving the current system which may lead to the following implementations under the banner of the JSP 600 series:
Ownership for the various subject groups of JSPs
A process whereby the need and content of new JSPs will be vetted and agreed by the relevant Owner and Sponsor
A process for the regular review of JSPs to ensure their content remains current, and that obsolete JSPs are cancelled.
References
External links
MoD repository for JSP 600 series
Government documents of the United Kingdom
Eternal is the fourth and final studio album by the British R&B group Eternal, released in November 1999. It was the first album they recorded without former member Kelle Bryan who was sacked from the band in 1998. The album had very little promotion, only peaking at #87 on the UK Albums Chart, but was praised for its more modern R&B sound.
"What'cha Gonna Do" was the only single to be released from the album and it gave Eternal their last Top 20 hit. "I Cry Real Tears" was due to be the second single from the album, however its release was cancelled and they parted ways with EMI in early 2000.
Eternal also recorded a Spanish version of "Free to live", called "Libre para vivir", which was released as a promotional single in Spain.
Track listing
Notes
denotes additional producer
denotes co-producer
Personnel
Keith Andes – vocal & backing vocal production
Alison Bailey – strings
Zuille Bailey – strings
The Beatmasters – remix, additional production
Vernie Bennett – producer, vocal production
Kevin "KD" Davis – mixing
Lawrence P. Dermer – mixing
Emilio Estefan Jr. – Producer
Charles Farrar – producer
Ben Garrison – mix engineer
J-Dub – producer
Tim Kelley – producer
Steven "Stevie J" Jordan – producer
Anthony Lowe – co-producer
Andrew Lyn – assistant engineer
Andy Marvel – producer
Mike Mason – producer, co-producer
Elizabeth Nielsen – strings
Bob Robinson – producer
Dexter Simmons – mixing
Brian Smith – engineer
Barry Stern – strings
T-Money – scratches
Chris Theis – engineer
Troy Taylor – producer
Charts
References
Eternal (band) albums
1999 albums
Albums produced by Tim & Bob
Polyommatinae, the blues, are a diverse subfamily of gossamer-winged butterflies (family Lycaenidae).
This subfamily was long used to assign taxa of unclear relationships, and its contents and phylogeny are still in need of revision.
The following four tribes are generally recognized within Polyommatinae, with Polyommatini comprising most of the genera and species:
Candalidini Eliot 1973
Lycaenesthini Toxopeus 1929
Niphandini Eliot 1973
Polyommatini Swainson 1827
References
External links
Tolweb.
Butterflies and Moths of North America
Butterflies of America
Taxa named by William John Swainson
Butterfly subfamilies
David Grant (1823-1886), was a Scottish poet.
Grant was born in 1823 in the parish of Upper Banchory, Kincardineshire, and was educated at Aberdeen University. He became a teacher in 1852, and for some time kept a school at Elgin, Moray. In 1861 he was appointed French master in Oundle grammar school, Northamptonshire. In 1865 he became assistant master of Eccleshall College, a private school near Sheffield. Subsequently he purchased a day school in Sheffield, which proved a failure, and in 1880 he had to retire from his charge penniless. From that date till his death in 1886 he acted as a private tutor in Edinburgh. He published 'Metrical Tales' at Sheffield in 1880, and 'Lays and Legends of the North' at Edinburgh in 1884. 'A Book of Ten Songs,' with music, with a preface by Professor Blackie, appeared after his death. His poems evince a sense of humour, and he had considerable narrative power in verse.
References
1823 births
1886 deaths
19th-century Scottish people
19th-century poets
Scottish poets
People from Banchory
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Scottish educators
19th-century British educators
19th-century Scottish writers
Rhazya is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1835. It is native to Egypt and to southwestern Asia from Yemen to India.
Species
Rhazya greissii Täckh. & Boulos - Kharga Oasis in Egypt
Rhazya stricta Decne. - Yemen, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Persian Gulf sheikdoms, Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, Pakistan, India, Western Himalayas
References
Rauvolfioideae
Apocynaceae genera
The Nonpartisan Bloc for Support of Reforms (Bezpartyjny Blok Wspierania Reform), abbreviated BBWR, was an officially nonpartisan organization (but, in fact, a political party) affiliated with Lech Wałęsa. It was established in 1993 and in 1997 became part of Solidarity Electoral Action.
It was founded to continue the traditions of Józef Piłsudski's pre-war Nonpartisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government (Bezpartyjny Blok Współpracy z Rządem), which likewise had been known by the same initials, BBWR.
After electoral losses in 1994, Wałęsa issued a statement that invoked comparisons with Piłsudski, who had become dictator of Poland: "When the time comes to introduce a dictatorship, the people will force me to accept this role, and I shall not refuse."
See also
Nonpartisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government
Confederation of Independent Poland
Notes
History of Poland (1989–present)
Defunct political parties in Poland
Lech Wałęsa
Forstern is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Erding (district)
Marmorera () is a village and former municipality in the Sursés in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016 the former municipalities of Bivio, Cunter, Marmorera, Mulegns, Riom-Parsonz, Salouf, Savognin, Sur and Tinizong-Rona merged to form the new municipality of Surses.
Until the end of the 19th century, its population was almost exclusively Romansh-speaking. This figure has however since been in decline, with its 2000 census reporting that 57% of the population now declared German as a first language.
The old village was destroyed and flooded when the Marmorera dam was constructed. The current village was built above Lai da Marmorera.
History
Marmorera is first mentioned about 840 as ad Marmoraria.
Geography
Marmorera had an area, , of . Of this area, 35.6% is used for agricultural purposes, while 23% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (40.4%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the Surses sub-district of the Albula district. Until 1950 it was a linear village on the Septimer-Julier-Route, but was destroyed and flooded when the Marmorera dam was constructed. Today it is located on the eastern shore of the Lai da Marmorera (Marmorera lake). Until 1902 Marmorera was known as Marmels.
Demographics
Marmorera had a population (as of 2014) of 31. , 2.1% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -11.1%. Most of the population () speaks German (57.1%), with Romansh being second most common (34.7%) and Italian being third ( 6.1%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 47.9% male and 52.1% female. The age distribution, , in Marmorera is; 2 people or 4.1% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 4 people or 8.2% are 10 to 14, and 4 people or 8.2% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 2 people or 4.1% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 5 people or 10.2% are 30 to 39, 8 people or 16.3% are 40 to 49, and 9 people or 18.4% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 9 people or 18.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 4 people or 8.2% are 70 to 79, there are 2 people or 4.1% who are 80 to 89.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 51.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (20.9%), the SPS (14%) and the FDP (9.3%).
In Marmorera about 85.2% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Marmorera has an unemployment rate of 0%. , there were 2 people employed in the primary economic sector and 1 business involved in this sector. No one is employed in the secondary sector. 7 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 2 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Trivia
The 2007 Swiss mystery film Marmorera was filmed in Marmorera and at the dam reservoir.
Heritage sites of national significance
The ruins of old Marmorera are listed as a Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
References
External links
Official website
Surses
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Noyes is a station on the Chicago Transit Authority's 'L' system, on the Purple Line in Evanston, Illinois. It is located at 909 Noyes Street (directional coordinates 2225 north, 900 west), just a few blocks west of the north end of Northwestern University's Evanston campus. The Noyes Cultural Center is also nearby. This area of Evanston is a mix of residential and light commercial properties.
The automated voice for the station was used in the song "Chamber the Cartridge" by the melodic hardcore band, Rise Against.
History
Structure
The current station was constructed in the early 1930s and is at least the second station on the site; the first was built at grade level and was demolished when the line north of University Place was elevated. Like the rest of the 'L' north of Wilson, Noyes is elevated on a solid fill embankment, unlike the steel structure commonly associated with the 'L'. The station lacks a formal station house; two staircases on the north side of Noyes Street lead up to a small area containing a customer assistant's booth, a farecard vending machine, and two turnstiles. The island platform is composed of concrete and stretches south from the station entrance, covered by a canopy its entire length. Southbound trains stop on the west side of the platform, while northbound trains stop at the east part. After the station was elevated, Noyes was capable of berthing eight-car trains. Currently the platform can only accommodate six-car trains because the concrete on the northern end of the platform has been removed, although its framing and canopy are still in place.
Former service
Noyes was served by trains of the Chicago North Shore and Milwaukee Railroad on the Shore Line Route. Like Foster and Central, Noyes had an additional side platform to the west of the southbound track for exclusive use of the North Shore Line, to prevent disembarking customers from transferring to 'L' trains for free. The platform was removed sometime after the North Shore Line ceased operations over this section of the rapid transit system in 1955, but its concrete footings can still be seen opposite the current platform south of Noyes Street.
Notes and references
Notes
References
External links
Noyes Station Page
Photo of the old Noyes station at Northshoreline.com
Train schedule (PDF) at CTA official site
Noyes Station Page CTA official site
Noyes Street entrance from Google Maps Street View
CTA Purple Line stations
Railway stations in Evanston, Illinois
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1908
Former North Shore Line stations
1908 establishments in Illinois
CTA stations located above ground
The Latin Catholic Diocese of Muro Lucano, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata, existed until 1986. In that year it was united into the archdiocese of Potenza-Muro Lucano-Marsico Nuovo.
History
Pope Leo IX (1049–1054), in naming the diocese of Conza a metropolitan archdiocese, confirmed that its suffragan dioceses were: Muro Lucano, Satriano, Monteverde, Lacedonia, S. Angelo de'Lombardi and Bisaccia.
The first Bishop of Muro Lucano of whom there is mention was Leo (1049). He was one of fifty-five bishops present in Rome on 2 May 1050, at the second Roman synod of Pope Leo IX.
On 5 June 1212, Pope Innocent III appointed a bishop of Muro Lucano, Monteguidonis, to carry out the deposition of the Bishop of Melfi.
In 1248, a scandal developed in the diocese of Muro. When the previous bishop had died, the Archpriest and the Chapter of the cathedral of Muro elected Palermus, one of the canons, as the new bishop. This was done before the interdict was imposed on the Kingdom of Sicily in Spring 1248, and it canonically and by general agreement. But, following a mandate of the Emperor Frederick, who did not die until 13 December 1250, a Tarentine cleric named Nicholas de Patrice intruded himself and had himself consecrated bishop. The bishop-elect Palermus would have had an appeal to the archbishop of Conza, who was the metropolitan of the ecclesiastical province, but the post was vacant at the time. He therefore appealed directly to the pope. Pope Innocent, on 12 June 1253, addressed the situation in a letter to the archbishop of Trani, ordering him to investigate the election, and if he found it canonical, and Palermus to be suitable, he should confirm the election with papal authority and consecrate Palermus. Otherwise, the election was to be voided. Nicholas was to be removed.
Bishop Antonio of Mura (1376–1386) became a partisan of the Pope Clement VII of the Avignon obedience; he was therefore driven to seek refuge at Polsino by Carlo of Durazzo, who supported Pope Urban VI of the Roman Obedience in exchange for the pope's receiving his oath of fealty for Naples and Sicily. Pope Clement VII created the diocese of Bolsino or Polsino (called Buccino by D'Avino) for him, since the diocese of Muro, under the influence of Charles of Durazzo, had declared for Urban VI (Roman Obedience). Antonius was transferred there on 1 July 1386. He died shortly thereafter.
On 27 July 1382,in the castle of Muro Lucano, on the orders of Charles of Durazzo, the deposed and imprisoned Queen Joanna of Anjou was suffocated to death with pillows.
One bishop of Muro was the poet Gian Carlo Coppola (1643), who later became Bishop of Gallipoli, his native town; another, Alfonso Pacello (1674), was the founder of a congregation of priests for the care of the sick of the diocese. The see was suffragan of the archdiocese of Conza.
Bishop Giovanni Carlo Coppola (1643–1652) summoned a diocesan synod in 1645. Bishop Domenico Antonio Manfredi (1724–1738) held a diocesan synod at Muro Lucano on 1–3 April 1728. Bishop Vito Moio (1744–1767) presided at the tenth diocesan synod at Muro Lucano on 15 August 1746. Bishop Tommaso Antonio Gigli, O.F.M. Conv. (1832–1858), held a diocesan synod in 1841.
Chapter and cathedral
The oldest cathedral was built on the citadel, immediately adjacent to the castle. Bishop Manfredi noted the existence of an inscription found on a stone which had been used in a step of the old high altar of the cathedral; it carried the date, in Roman numerals, 1009.
A modern cathedral building, dedicated to the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, but now only a co-cathedral in the archdiocese of Potenza-Muro Lucano-Marsico Nuovo, was consecrated on 29 November 1888, by Bishop Raffaele Capone and Bishop Alfonso Maria Giordano of Teano e Calvi. On 23 November 1980, a severe earthquake destroyed the cathedral, the episcopal palace, the church of the Carmine, the church of the convent of the Capucines, and many other buildings in Muro Lucano.
Seminary
The Council of Trent, in its 23rd session in 1562, decreed that each diocese, to the extent that it was feasible, should have a diocesan seminary for the training of priests. Bishop Filesio Cittadini (1562–1571) began raising funds for a new seminary in Muro, first, with a decree of 27 September 1565, establishing the project; and second, with the imposition of a tax on all ecclesiastical benefices of whatever sort to endow the institution. On 27 April 1568, he assigned to the seminary the benefices of S. Elia and Santa Croce, followed by those of S. Maria dell'Incoronata, S. Paolo, and S. Domenica. He added a tax of 25% of the income of S. Giovanni delle Monache and of S. Pietro in Aquilone. On 27 June 1675, Bishop Alfonso Pacella (1674–1702) added the benefices of S. Tommaso a Cerrutoli and S. Potito, and Bishop Domenico Antonio Manfredi (1724–1738) added four more. These provided salaries for priest-teachers and for the needs of the students.
In his synod of 1728, Bishop Domenico Antonio Manfredi reported that the seminary had been founded next to the episcopal palace, in a building with a central courtyard, a chapel (which had been donated by Princess Giovanna Tolfa Frangipani, the mother of Pope Benedict XIII), two dormitories (downstairs, and upstairs), a dining room, a common room, a kitchen and pantries, a cantina, a garden, and two rooms in which ordinands could carry out their spiritual exercises. The institution had a Rector, a Vice-Rector, and a Master of the school. There were instructors in grammar, philosophy, theology, rhetoric, civil and canon law, gregorian chant, church accounting,
Under Bishop Tommaso Antonio Gigli (1832–1858), additional rooms were added to the seminary building in 1841 to accommodate the increasing number of students. During the revolution of 1860, however, the seminary had to be closed.
The Napoleonic disruption and restoration
From 1806–1808, Naples was occupied by the French, and Joseph Bonaparte was made king, after Napoleon had deposed King Ferdinand IV. Joseph Bonaparte was succeeded by Joachim Murat, from 1808 until the fall of Napoleon in 1815. Pope Pius VII was a prisoner of Napoleon in France from 1809 to 1815, and was both unable and unwilling to make new episcopal appointments. The French expelled all members of the mendicant orders, friars and nuns, and their property was confiscated for the "benefit of the people". The Jesuits were expelled from the kingdom; colleges of canons were also disbanded and their property seized.
Following the extinction of the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy, the Congress of Vienna authorized the restoration of the Papal States and the Kingdom of Naples. Since the French occupation had seen the abolition of many Church institutions in the Kingdom, as well as the confiscation of most Church property and resources, it was imperative that Pope Pius VII and King Ferdinand IV reach agreement on restoration and restitution. Ferdinand, however, was not prepared to accept the pre-Napoleonic situation, in which Naples was a feudal subject of the papacy. Neither was he prepared to accept the large number of small dioceses in his kingdom; following French intentions, he demanded the suppression of fifty dioceses. Lengthy, detailed, and acrimonious negotiations ensued. On 17 July 1816, King Ferdinand issued a decree, in which he forbade the reception of any papal document without prior reception of the royal exequatur. This meant that prelates could not receive bulls of appointment, consecration, or installation without the king's permission.
A concordat was finally signed on 16 February 1818, and ratified by Pius VII on 25 February 1818. Ferdinand issued the concordat as a law on 21 March 1818. The re-erection of the dioceses of the kingdom and the ecclesiastical provinces took more than three years. The right of the king to nominate the candidate for a vacant bishopric was recognized, as in the Concordat of 1741, subject to papal confirmation (preconisation). On 27 June 1818, Pius VII issued the bull De Ulteriore, in which the metropolitan church of Conza was reconstituted. It was to have as suffragans the dioceses of S. Angelo dei Lombardi, Laquedonia, and Muro Lucano.
Post-Vatican-II changes
Following the Second Vatican Council, and in accordance with the norms laid out in the council's decree, Christus Dominus chapter 40, Pope Paul VI ordered a reorganization of the ecclesiastical provinces in southern Italy. The decree "Eo quod spirituales" of 12 September 1976 created a new episcopal conference in the region called "Basilicata", to which were assigned all of the dioceses that belonged to the ecclesiastical province of Potenza, including Materana and Mons Pelusii; they had formerly belonged to the episcopal conference of "Apulia". Pope Paul VI ordered consultations among the members of the Congregation of Bishops in the Vatican Curia, the Italian Bishops Conference, and the various dioceses concerned. After twenty years, problems and objections were still apparent.
On 18 February 1984, the Vatican and the Italian State signed a new and revised concordat. Based on the revisions, a set of Normae was issued on 15 November 1984, which was accompanied in the next year, on 3 June 1985, by enabling legislation. According to the agreement, the practice of having one bishop govern two separate dioceses at the same time, aeque personaliter, was abolished. The Vatican continued consultations which had begun under Pope John XXIII for the merging of small dioceses, especially those with personnel and financial problems, into one combined diocese.
On 30 September 1986, Pope John Paul II ordered that the dioceses of Potenza, Marsico Nuovo, and Muro Lucano be merged into one diocese with one bishop, with the Latin title Archidioecesis Potentina-Murana-Marsicensis. The seat of the diocese was to be in Potenza, and the cathedral of Potenza was to serve as the cathedral of the merged diocese. The cathedrals in Marsico Nuovo and Muro Lucano were to become co-cathedrals, and their cathedral Chapters were each to be a Capitulum Concathedralis. There was to be only one diocesan Tribunal, in Potenza, and likewise one seminary, one College of Consultors, and one Priests' Council. The territory of the new diocese was to include the territory of the suppressed dioceses of Marsico Nuovo and Muro Lucano.
Bishops of Muro Lucano
Erected: 11th Century
Latin Name: Muranus
to 1400
Leo (attested 1050)
Eustachius (attested 1059?)
...
Gaudinus (attested 1101–1105)
...
Robertus (attested 1169)
...
Monteguidonis (attested 1212-1213)
Joannes (attested 1217)
...
Robertus (attested 1239)
...
Nicolaus de Patricio (attested 1250–1253)
Palermus (1253–1274)
...
Nicolaus (attested 1322)
Petrus ( ? –1332)
Matthaeus (1332– ? )
Nicolaus, O.Min. (attested 1340?–1344)
Enrico Marci (1344–1348)
Guglielmo (1348–1357)
Giacomo del Fosco (1357–1364)
Domenico Johannis, O. Carm. (1364–1373) Avignon Obedience
Simon (1373– ? )
Antonio (1376–1386) Avignon Obedience
Guglielmo (1395–1405) Roman Obedience
1400 to 1600
Giovanni Bonifacio Panella (1407–1417) Roman Obedience
Guiduccio della Porta (1418–1423 Died)
Giovanni Sanfelice (1423–1443 Resigned)
Barnaba de Molina (1443–1462 Died)
Andrea Veroli (1463–1464)
Meolo de Mascabruni (1464–1486)
Nicolò Antonio Pesci (Piscibus) (1486–1517 Resigned)
Antonio Camillo Pesci (1517–1521 Died)
Cesare Carpano (1521–1528 Died)
Matteo Griffoni Pioppi, O.S.B. (1528–1540 Appointed, Bishop of Trivento)
Ascanio Parisani (1540–1541 Resigned)
Silverio Petrucci (1541–1560 Died)
Flavio Orsini (1560–1562 Resigned)
Filesio Cittadini (1562–1571 Resigned)
Giulio Ricci (1572–1575 Appointed, Bishop of Gravina)
Daniel Vocatius, O.F.M. (1575–1577 Died)
Vincenzo Petrolini (1577–1606 Died)
Vincenzo Correrio Malatesta da Cammerota (1595–1605) Coadjutor
1600 to 1800
Tommaso Confetti (1606–1630 Died)
Clemente Confetti (Confetto) (1630–1643 Appointed, Bishop of Acerno)
Giovanni Carlo Coppola (1643–1652 Died)
Ascanio Ugolini (1652–660 Died)
Francesco Maria Annoni, C.R. (1660–1674 Died)
Alfonso Pacelli (Pacelli) (1674–1702 Died)
Andrea Sarnelli (1703–1707 Died)
Giovanni Innocenzo Carussio (1707–1718 Died)
Angelo Acerno (1718–1724 Died)
Domenico Antonio Manfredi (1724–1738)
Melchiorre Delfico (1738–1744 Died)
Vito Moio (Mojo) (1744–1767)
Carlo Gagliardi (1767–1778)
Luca Nicola de Luca (1778–1792)
Giuseppe Maria Beneventi, O.F.M. Conv. (1792–1794)
Sede vacante (1794–1797)
Giovanni Filippo Ferrone (1797–1826)
1800 to 1986
Filippo Martuscelli (1827–1831)
Tommaso Antonio Gigli, O.F.M. Conv. (1832–1858 Resigned)
Francesco Saverio d'Ambrosio, O.F.M. Cap. (1859–1883)
Raffaele Capone, C.SS.R. (1883–1908)
Alessio Ascalesi, C.Pp.S. (1909–1911 Appointed, Bishop of Sant'Agata de' Goti)
Giuseppe Scarlata (1911–1935 Died)
Bartolomeo Mangino (1936–1946 Appointed, Bishop of Caserta)
Giacomo Palombella (1946–1951 Appointed, Bishop of Calvi e Teano)
Matteo Guido Sperandeo (1952–1954 Appointed, Bishop of Calvi e Teano)
Antonio Rosario Mennonna (1955–1962 Appointed, Bishop of Nardò)
Umberto Luciano Altomare (1962–1970 Appointed, Bishop of Diano-Teggiano)
Aureliano Sorrentino (1973–1977 Appointed, Archbishop of Reggio Calabria)
Giuseppe Vairo (1977–1986)
See also
Muro Lucano
Roman Catholic Diocese of Marsico Nuovo
Notes
Books
Studies
Kamp, Norbert (1975). Kirche und Monarchie im staufischen Königreich Sizilien. I. Prosopographische Grundlegung: 2. Apulien und Kalabrien. München: Wilhelm Fink Verlag. pp. 760-763.
Kehr, Paul Fridolin (1962). Italia pontificia. Vol. IX: Samnium — Apulia — Lucania. Berlin: Weidmann. pp. 516-517.
Martuscelli, Luigi (1896). Numistrone e Muro-Lucano: Note appunti e ricordi storici. Napoli: R. Pesole. [annotated list of bishops: pp. 239-319]
Torelli, Felice (1848). La chiave del Concordato dell'anno 1818 e degli atti emanati posteriormente al medesimo. Volume 1, second edition Naples: Stamperia del Fibreno, 1848.
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Otto Gebühr (29 May 1877 – 14 March 1954) was a German theatre and film actor, who appeared in 102 films released between 1917 and 1954. He is noted for his performance as the Prussian king Frederick the Great in numerous films.
Early life
Born in Kettwig (today part of Essen) in the Rhine Province, the son of a merchant, Gebühr attended the gymnasium secondary school in Cologne and completed a commercial training. Alongside he took drama lessons and began his acting career at the Görlitz city theatre. In 1898 he joined the ensemble of the Königliches Hoftheater Dresden and from 1908 performed at the Lessing Theater in Berlin. As a World War I volunteer he achieved the rank of a Lieutenant in the German Army.
Film career
After the war he worked with director Max Reinhardt at the Deutsches Theater in Berlin. At the same time he obtained his first film performances with the help of his colleague Paul Wegener. He found the role of his lifetime in 1919, acting as King Frederick II in the historical drama The Dancer Barberina directed by Carl Boese, modeled on the life of ballerina Barbara Campanini (1721–1799). The first part of the UFA Fridericus Rex tetralogy starring Otto Gebühr playing the title role was released in 1922, followed by several further so-called "Fridericus-Rex-movies". The series was heavily criticized by contemporaries for supporting a widespread negative stance towards the Weimar Republic democracy and the yearning for a leader in waiting. Gebühr continued his performances in the Nazi period from 1933 onwards, last performing in The Great King (), a 1942 German wartime propaganda film directed by Veit Harlan referring to the historic Miracle of the House of Brandenburg, which received the rare "Film of the Nation" distinction.
Gebühr died at Wiesbaden in 1954. His final film, Die Blonde Frau des Maharadscha, was released eight years after his death.
Filmography
Die Vase der Semirames (1918)
Sündiges Blut (1919)
Verrat und Sühne (1919)
The Girl from Acker Street (1920)
Der Menschheit Anwalt (1920)
Three Nights (1920)
Whitechapel (1920)
The Dancer Barberina (1920)
Evening – Night – Morning (1920)
The Golem: How He Came into the World (1920)
Ships and People (1920)
The Fear of Women (1921)
The Raft of the Dead (1921)
The Terror of the Red Mill (1921)
Der Gang durch die Hölle (1921)
Treasure of the Aztecs (1921)
The Shadow of Gaby Leed (1921)
A Dying Nation (1922, two parts)
Fridericus Rex (1922-23, four parts)
William Tell (1923)
The Money Devil (1923)
The Burning Secret (1923)
Gobseck (1924)
The New Land (1924)
...und es lockt ein Ruf aus sündiger Welt (1925)
Passion (1925)
The Wig (1925)
The Iron Bride (1925)
The Fallen (1926)
Eternal Allegiance (1926)
The Mill at Sanssouci (1926)
The Sporck Battalion (1927)
The Holy Lie (1927)
The Old Fritz (1928)
The Chaste Coquette (1929)
Waterloo (1929)
Scapa Flow (1930)
Der Detektiv des Kaisers (1930)
The Flute Concert of Sanssouci (1930)
Der Erlkönig (1931)
The Dancer of Sanssouci (1932)
The Hymn of Leuthen (1933)
Fridericus (1937)
Das schöne Fräulein Schragg (1937)
Women for Golden Hill (1938)
Nanon (1938)
The Merciful Lie (1939)
Casanova heiratet (1940)
Passion (1940)
Bismarck (1940)
Kopf hoch, Johannes! (1941)
Much Ado About Nixi (1942)
The Great King (1942)
The Golden Spider (1943)
Nacht ohne Abschied (1943)
Immensee (1943)
Fritze Bollmann wollte angeln (1943)
When the Young Wine Blossoms (1943)
Der Erbförster (1945)
And the Heavens Above Us (1947)
The Prisoner (1949)
Anonymous Letters (1949)
(1950, voice)
Melody of Fate (1950)
Three Girls Spinning (1950)
The Lie (1950)
Dr. Holl (1951)
Immortal Beloved (1951)
When the Evening Bells Ring (1951)
Stips (1951)
Sensation in San Remo (1951)
Torreani (1951)
Das ewige Spiel (1951)
The Heath Is Green (1951)
Oh, You Dear Fridolin (1952)
A Thousand Red Roses Bloom (1952)
Fritz and Friederike (1952)
The Devil Makes Three (1952)
Don't Ask My Heart (1952)
When the Heath Dreams at Night (1952)
Stars Over Colombo (1953)
Street Serenade (1953)
Red Roses, Red Lips, Red Wine (1953)
Father Is Being Stupid (1953)
The Blue Hour (1953)
Has Sunshine in Your Heart (1953)
Meines Vaters Pferde (1954, two parts)
The Prisoner of the Maharaja (1954)
The Man of My Life (1954)
Sauerbruch – Das war mein Leben (1954)
Rose-Girl Resli (1954)
Films with Otto Gebühr as Frederick the Great
1920: The Dancer Barberina - director: Carl Boese
1921–23: Fridericus Rex – director: Arzén von Cserépy
Teil 1 - Sturm und Drang
Teil 2 - Vater und Sohn
Teil 3 - Sanssouci
Teil 4 - Schicksalswende
The Mill at Sanssouci (1926) – director: Siegfried Philippi
1928: The Old Fritz – director: Gerhard Lamprecht
Teil 1 - Friede
Teil 2 - Ausklang
1930: The Flute Concert of Sanssouci – director: Gustav Ucicky
1932: The Dancer of Sanssouci – director: Friedrich Zelnik
1933: The Hymn of Leuthen – director: Carl Froelich
1936. Heiteres und Ernstes um den großen König - director: Phil Jutzi
1936: Fridericus – director: Johannes Meyer
1937: Das schöne Fräulein Schragg – director: Hans Deppe
1942: The Great King – director: Veit Harlan
References
External links
Photographs and literature
1877 births
1954 deaths
Actors from Essen
People from the Rhine Province
German male film actors
German male silent film actors
19th-century German male actors
German male stage actors
20th-century German male actors
German Army personnel of World War I
Gonzalo Martín Bravo (born 18 May 1990) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder or forward for Deportivo Riestra.
Career
Bravo began his career with Centro Español. He scored twenty goals across one hundred and twelve fixtures in four years from 2009 in Primera D Metropolitana. On 29 August 2013, Bravo completed a move to Deportes Linares of the Chilean Segunda División. He made his bow for the club on 1 September against Malleco Unido, which preceded the player scoring for the first time in a 1–1 draw with Deportes Iberia in October. A brace over Ñublense B followed in February 2014, as he appeared in a total of twenty-one matches as they finished seventh. June 2014 saw Bravo join tier four's Deportivo Riestra.
Bravo won promotion in his first campaign with Deportivo Riestra, netting twice in eighteen as they earned a place in Primera B Metropolitana for 2015. Forty-nine games and seven goals occurred in the next two seasons. On 19 July 2016, Bravo was signed on loan by Primera División team Defensa y Justicia. His bow came on 10 September versus San Lorenzo, as he featured in what his only league appearance; though he did play in the Copa Argentina. He returned to Riestra for 2016–17 promotion, prior to leaving on loan again in 2017 - to UAE First Division League side Fujairah; managed by Diego Maradona.
Back with Deportivo Riestra, after relegation from Primera B Nacional, Bravo scored twenty goals in 2018–19 as they reached the promotion play-offs; he netted braces against Tristán Suárez (home and away), San Miguel, UAI Urquiza and All Boys alongside a hat-trick over Justo José de Urquiza on 3 December 2018.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
People from Tres de Febrero Partido
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Primera D Metropolitana players
Segunda División Profesional de Chile players
Primera C Metropolitana players
Primera B Metropolitana players
Argentine Primera División players
UAE First Division League players
Primera Nacional players
Centro Social y Recreativo Español players
Deportes Linares footballers
Deportivo Riestra players
Defensa y Justicia footballers
Fujairah FC players
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
The freestyle skiing competition of the 1998 Winter Olympics was held at Iizuna Kogen Ski Area. There were four events, taking place between 8 and 18 February 1998.
Medal summary
Medal table
Men's Events
Women's Events
Participating NOCs
Twenty-five nations participated in freestyle skiing at Nagano. Armenia, the Czech Republic, Denmark, New Zealand and Portugal made their debuts in the sport.
References
External links
1998
1998 Winter Olympics events
1998 in freestyle skiing
Laboratório Nacional de Energia e Geologia (National Laboratory of Energy and Geology) is a Portuguese public R&D institution in the fields of energy and geology. It was created in 2007 by the merger of the former National Institute of Engineering, Technology and Innovation with several smaller research and regulation bodie.s
References
External links
Research institutes in Portugal
2007 establishments in Portugal
Energy research institutes
Earth science research institutes
Multidisciplinary research institutes
Amadora
Sheykh Mahalleh or Shaikh Mahalleh () may refer to:
Gilan Province
Sheykh Mahalleh, Astara
Sheykh Mahalleh, Rezvanshahr
Sheykh Mahalleh, Shaft
Sheykh Mahalleh, Sowme'eh Sara
Sheykh Mahalleh, Talesh
Mazandaran Province
Sheykh Mahalleh, Amol
Sheykh Mahalleh, Babol
Sheykh Mahalleh, Behshahr
Cilicia () was an early Roman province, located on what is today the southern (Mediterranean) coast of Turkey. Cilicia was annexed to the Roman Republic in 64 BC by Pompey, as a consequence of its military presence in the east, after pursuing victory in the Third Mithridatic War. It was subdivided by Diocletian in around 297, and it remained under Roman rule for several centuries, until falling to the Islamic conquests.
First contact and establishment of the province (103–47 BC)
The area was a haven for pirates that profited from the slave trade with the Romans. When the Cilician pirates began to attack Roman shipping and towns, the Roman senate decided to send various commanders to deal with the threat. It was during the course of these interventions that the province of Cilicia came into being.
Parts of Cilicia Pedias became Roman territory in 103 BC, during Marcus Antonius Orator's first campaign against the pirates. While the entire area of "Cilicia" was his “province”, or more correctly, his area of imperium during his propraetorial command, only a small portion of that region was made a Roman province at that time.
In 96 BC, Lucius Cornelius Sulla was appointed the propraetorial governor of Cilicia, during which time he stopped an invasion by Mithridates II of Parthia. In 80 BC, the governor of Cilicia was Gnaeus Cornelius Dolabella, who was later convicted of illegally plundering the province. His replacement in 78 BC was Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus. He was given the responsibility of clearing out the pirates, and his posting lasted until 74 BC. From 77 to 76 BC, he achieved a number of naval victories against the pirates off the Cilician coast, and was able to occupy the Lycian and Pamphylian coasts. After the pirates fled to their fortified strongholds, Vatia Isauricus began attacking their coastal fortresses. He captured the town of Olympos before going on to capture Phaselis and subduing Corycus and a number of minor pirate strongholds.
Then in 75 BC Vatia Isauricus advanced across the Taurus Mountains (the first time the Roman army had crossed these mountains) and succeeded in defeating the Isauri along the northern slopes. He laid siege to their principal town, Isaura, and managed to capture it after diverting the course of a river, thereby depriving the defenders in the town from their only source of water, after which they soon surrendered. By 74 BC, Vatia Isauricus had organized the territory he had conquered and incorporated it into the province of Cilicia. Nevertheless, much of Cilicia Pedias was still held by Tigranes the Great and belonged to the kingdom of Armenia., while Cilicia Trachea was still under the domination of the pirates.
Vatia Isauricus was succeeded as proconsul of Cilicia by Lucius Licinius Lucullus who used Isauricus' veterans and fleet to fight in the war against Mithridates IV of Pontus (see: Third Mithridatic War). Since Tigranes was Mithridates' ally Lucullus eventually moved against his possessions in Cilicia Pedias and added them to the Roman province of Cilicia.
It was not until Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus was granted his extraordinary command against the pirates in 67 BC, and the decisive Battle of Korakesion (in modern Alanya), that the pirates were finally driven out and subdued, and Cilicia Trachea was brought under Roman control. After Pompey was granted command of the Third Mithridatic War, he forced the surrender of King Triganes and proceeded to strip off of the king the parts of Cilicia Pedias that Triganes still possessed. By 64 BC, Pompey had organized the new province, adding all of his recent conquests to the original province of Cilicia, and made Tarsus the capital of the new province.
Pompey's reorganized Cilicia had six parts: Cilicia Campestris, Cilicia Aspera, Pamphylia, Pisidia, Isauria, and Lycaonia; with the largest part of Phrygia, including the Conventus iuridicus of Laodicea, Apamea, and Synnada. To the east of Cilicia Campestris, Pompey left a local dynast, Tarcondimotus, in control of Anazarbos and Mount Amanus. The Tarcondimotid dynasty would continue to hold the region as loyal allies of Rome until the reign of Tiberius.
In 58 BC, the island of Cyprus was added, which the Romans had taken from the king of Egypt. This was the extent of the Roman province of Cilicia when Cicero was proconsul of Cilicia in 51–50 BC. The Romans had by now divided it into eight Conventus (or Fora): the Conventus of Tarsus, where the governor resided; the Forum of Iconium for Lycaonia; the Forum Isauricum, possibly at Philornelium; the Forum Pamphylium, the place of which is unknown; the Forum Cibyraticum, at Laodicea on the Lycus; the Forum of Apamea; the Forum of Synnada; and Cyprus.
Provincial changes (47 BC – 14 AD)
The province was reorganized by Julius Caesar in 47 BC. The Forum (or Conventus) of Cibyra was attached to the province of Asia, together with the greater part of Pisidia, Pamphylia, as well as possibly the Conventus of Apamea and Synnada. Further changes were made by Marcus Antonius in 36 BC, when he gave Cyprus and Cilicia Aspera to Cleopatra VII, and eastern Phrygia with Lycaonia, Isauria, and Pisidia, to king Amyntas of Galatia.
In 27 BC, the Roman emperor Augustus made further changes, reducing the province of Cilicia still further. Cyprus was made a separate province; and Pamphylia with Isauria and Pisidia, after the death of Amyntas in 25 BC, was also made a separate province (the province of Galatia), to which Lycaonia was also attached. The result was that Cilicia was reduced to the original parts Campestris and Aspera, and renamed Syria-Cilicia Phoenice. Under Augustus, Cilicia was an imperial province, administered by a consular Legatus Augusti pro praetore.
As per the late Republican and early imperial methods of provincial rule, the western mountainous parts of Cilicia, which were not easy for a governor to manage, were left to the native princes. There were a total of three of these independent native dynasties. One was that of Olba, in the mountains between Soli and Cyinda, ruled by priest-dynasts. A second was Cilicia Aspera, which Marc Antony had originally given to Cleopatra. Augustus placed this territory under the rule of king Archelaus of Cappadocia in 25 BC. The son of Tarcondimotos in eastern Cilicia had lost his throne in 30 BC because of his father's unwavering support of Mark Antony, but the kingdom was restored in 20 BC; it was to last another 37 years before Tiberius finally abolished this client kingdom and changed it to a full province.
Under the Principate (14–297 AD)
In 72 AD, during the reign of Vespasian, all three remaining client kingdoms established by Augustus were disestablished, and merged with the imperial province of Cilicia. By the reign of Caracalla, the proconsular governor was named as a Consularis, and it contained 47 known cities.
Under the late empire (297 – c. 700 AD)
Sometime during the rule of the Diocletian and the Tetrarchy (probably around 297 AD), Cilicia was divided into three parts: Cilicia Prima, under a consularis, with its capital at Tarsus; Cilicia Secunda, under a praeses, with its capital at Anazarbus; and Isauria (originally Cilicia Aspera), under a praeses, with its capital at Seleucia. These 3 Cilician provinces, plus the Syrian, Mesopotamian, Egyptian and Libyan provinces, formed the Diocese of the East (in the late 4th century the African component was split off as Diocese of Egypt), part of the praetorian prefecture of the East, the rich bulk of the eastern Roman Empire.
Cilicia proper remained under East Roman (Byzantine) control until the early 8th century, when it was conquered by the Umayyad Caliphate and became part of the Islamic borderlands (thughur) with the Romans. The region had, however, been almost completely depopulated already since the middle of the 7th century and formed a no man's land between the Romans and the Caliphate. The western parts of the old province of Cilicia remained in Roman hands and became part of the Cibyrrhaeot Theme. The status quo would remain unchanged for over 260 years before Cilicia was eventually reconquered for the Romans in the 950s and 960s by Nikephoros Phokas and John Tzimiskes.
See also
List of Roman governors of Cilicia
References
Sources
Pilhofer, Philipp. 2018. Das frühe Christentum im kilikisch-isaurischen Bergland. Die Christen der Kalykadnos-Region in den ersten fünf Jahrhunderten (Texte und Untersuchungen zur Geschichte der altchristlichen Literatur, vol. 184). Berlin/Boston: De Gruyter (), p. 25–49.
Broughton, T. Robert S., The Magistrates of the Roman Republic, Vol. I (1951)
Smith, William, Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology, Vol III (1867)
Smith, William, Dictionary of Greek and Roman Geography (1854)
Provinces of the Roman Empire
Roman provinces in Anatolia
Former countries in Western Asia
States and territories established in the 1st century BC
States and territories disestablished in the 7th century
1st-century BC establishments in the Roman Republic
1st-century BC establishments
7th-century disestablishments in the Byzantine Empire
Étoile Charleville-Mézières (in English: Charleville-Mézières Star) is a French professional basketball club, that is based in Charleville-Mézières. The team currently plays in the Nationale masculine 2 (4th division of the French basketball championship)
History
The club founded in 1921 in Charleville-Mézières. In 1958, the club moved to Charleville and after the merger of Charleville Mézières and in 1966, the association became Etoile of Charleville-Mézières. Ardenne's club disappears from the top French level, then it rises in national 2 (NM2) in 1999, NM1 in 2004 and Pro B in 2005 before declining in NM1 after the season 2005- 2006. At the end of the 2007–2008 season, the Etoile of Charleville Mézières back in Pro B being second NM1 and during the 2008–2009 season, the Etoile of Charleville Mézières surprised everyone by integrating into the play- Pro B offs while back only 1 of the National.
The club plays at the Salle Dubois-Crancé, but manages to negotiate to play matches at the Salle Bayard from 2011 onwards until a common facility with 2,903 seats is available in hall B of the exhibition center. This new hall, called Caisse d'Epargne Arena following a partnership agreement, was inaugurated in September 2015.
Ending last Pro B in the 2010–11 season, the team is demoted in NM1 but there remains one season: it is promoted in Pro B at the end of the 2011–12 season NM1 winning the final of the playoffs against Blois. The Etoile of Charleville Mézières is only one season in Pro B in NM1 and down for the 2013–14 season. But she did not stay long because for the 2014–15 season will be again in Pro B, despite the announcement of his late accession. After six wins for twenty-eight losses in the 2017-2018 French Pro B Basketball Championship, the Etoile is relegated to NM1 for the following season. In the summer of 2019, the club is administratively relegated to NM2.
Sports results
Awards
French League 2
Winners (1): 1954–55
French Cup
Winners (2): 1957–58, 1958–59
French League
Winners (2): 1957–58, 1959–60
European Champion Clubs Cup
1/4 finals (1): 1958-59
NM1
Vice-champion (1): 2007-08
NM1
Play-Off Champion (1): 2011-12
NM1
Play-Off finalist (1): 2013-14
Report by season
Players and personalities
Coaches
Current roster (2022-2023)
Iconic players
Basketball teams in France
Basketball teams established in 1921
Taccjana Michajlaŭna Ivínskaja (; born 27 March 1958 in Vitebsk, Belarusian SSR) is a Belarusian former basketball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1958 births
Living people
Belarusian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Sportspeople from Vitebsk
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Simon Christian Hammer (19 December 1866 – 18 March 1932) was a Norwegian writer and journalist.
Life
He was born in Arendal in the county of Aust-Agder, Norway. He became editor-in-chief of Stavangeren in 1893, and later worked at Farmand, Verdens Gang and Tidens Tegn. He was also the Norwegian correspondent for The Times from 1917 to 1932. He published several history books.
Selected works
Ludvig Holberg, the Founder of Norwegian Literature and an Oxford Student
Kristianias historie (1923)
Nicolai Andreas Grevstad (Norsk biografisk leksikon. Oslo, Norway: 1929)
Things seen in Norway (1934)
References
External links
1866 births
1932 deaths
Norwegian non-fiction writers
Norwegian newspaper editors
Norwegian newspaper reporters and correspondents
People from Arendal
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sete Lagoas () is a diocese located in the city of Sete Lagoas in the Ecclesiastical province of Belo Horizonte in Brazil.
History
July 16, 1955: Established as Diocese of Sete Lagoas from the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Belo Horizonte and Metropolitan Archdiocese of Diamantina
Leadership
Bishops of Sete Lagoas (Roman rite), in reverse chronological order
Bishop Francisco Cota de Oliveira (2020.06.10 -
Bishop Aloísio Jorge Pena Vitral (2017.09.20 - 2020.06.10)
Bishop Guilherme Porto (1999.10.27 – 2017.09.20)
Bishop José de Lima (1981.06.07 – 1999.10.27)
Bishop Daniel Tavares Baeta Neves (1964.06.04 – 1980.07.08)
Bishop José de Almeida Batista Pereira (1955.11.07 – 1964.04.02)
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in Brazil
Christian organizations established in 1955
Sete Lagoas, Roman Catholic Diocese of
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
1955 establishments in Brazil
Colentina A.C. București was a football club based in Bucharest, in southern Romania. It was founded in 1909 and it soon became one of the best teams in the country, winning two Romanian Championships The club was dissolved in 1947.
History
The second club from Bucharest, founded in April 1909, represented the workers and clerks of the Colentina Cotton Factory, English society. The first president of the club was Mastejan, the factory president. The most famous players were: Matthews, Catteral, Middleton, Thompson, Deburst.
The club succeeds to win two consecutive editions of the Romanian Championship, before the First World War, in 1912–13 and 1913–14. Just before the outbreak of the war, the players, most of them English, leave the country and the team enters into a slow process of dissolution.
In 1915, a part of the members of Olympia București (then in a dissolution process) come to Colentina and the team manages to resist one more year.
After the War, the club activates in the Bucharest District Championship, and during the period before World War Two, the team appears a single time at a divisionary level, in 1946–1947 in Liga III. After this, there are no more records about the club's activity, in the end being dissolved.
Honours
Liga I:
Winners (2): 1912–13, 1913–14
Runners-up (2): 1909–10, 1914–15
References
Association football clubs established in 1909
Association football clubs disestablished in 1947
Defunct football clubs in Romania
Football clubs in Bucharest
History of Bucharest
1910 establishments in Romania
1947 disestablishments in Romania
Works association football clubs in Romania
Vladimir Fedorovich Chekalov (; July 6, 1922 – June 4, 1992) was a Russian Soviet realist painter and art teacher, who lived and worked in Leningrad. He was a member of the Leningrad Union of Artists, and regarded as a representative of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his battle and genre paintings.
Biography
Vladimir Fedorovich Chekalov was born July 6, 1922, in the village of Novaya-Vyaltsevo, Sologalich county of Kostroma Province in the Soviet Russia.
In 1926 his family moved to Leningrad. In 1936, Vladimir Chekalov, who has shown the ability to draw, goes to the Secondary Art School at the All-Russian Academy of Arts. His teachers there were noted art educators Pavel Naumov, Alexander Zaitsev, Samuil Nevelshtein, Mikhail Natarevich.
Together with Vladimir Chekalov in those years in the Secondary Art School involved many well known in the future artists and sculptors: Evgenia Antipova, Mikhail Anikushin, Vecheslav Zagonek, Victor Teterin, Alexei Eriomin, Marina Kozlovskaya, Oleg Lomakin, Maya Kopitseva, Abram Grushko, and others. In 1941, Vladimir Chekalov graduated from the Secondary Art School.
In July 1941, Vladimir Chekalov was drafted into the Red Army and took part in the Great Patriotic War, which led the Soviet people against Nazi Germany and its allies. As sapper he participated in the Battle of Stalingrad, was wounded and marked by military awards.
In 1944-1945, Vladimir Chekalov of the 3rd Ukrainian Front took part in the liberation of the Nazi occupation of Romania, Bulgaria, Hungary, Yugoslavia, and Austria. Vladimir Chekalov demobilized in 1946. During the war, he lost all the family: his parents died in the siege of Leningrad, two elder brothers were killed at the front.
After demobilization in October 1946, Vladimir Chekalov entered at the first course of Department of Painting of the Leningrad Institute of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture named after Ilya Repin. There he studied under Alexander Zaytsev, Boris Fogel, Genrikh Pavlovsky, Lija Ostrova, Semion Abugov, Mikhail Platunov, and Joseph Serebriany.
In 1952, Vladimir Chekalov graduated from the Leningrad Institute of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture as artist of painting in Rudolf Frentz workshop, together with Sergei Babkov, Leonid Baykov, Irina Baldina, Dmitry Beliaev, Abram Grushko, Marina Kozlovskaya, Boris Korneev, Elena Kostenko, Oleg Lomakin, Piotr Fomin, Boris Lavrenko, and other young artists. His graduated work was genre painting named "Soldier kitchen", devoted the first days of a new life in the liberation from Nazi German town.
At the end of 1952, Vladimir Chekalov's graduation work exhibited in Moscow at the All-Union Exhibition of graduation works of students of art institutes. In February 1953 the magazine "Soviet Union", published in six languages, placed in a full page spread color reproductions of paintings and an article about the author that brought the young artist to fame.
Vladimir Chekalov participated in art exhibitions since 1952, mainly as a master of battle paintings and genre compositions. The main theme of the artist has an image of a Russian soldier-liberator. In 1950–1960 years he's repeatedly referring to the theme of the soldier's heroism and creates paintings "Countrymen", "News from the Motherland", "On a halt. In Bulgaria ", "Fight the Black Sea Fleet sailors at the Eltigen ", and others.
While working on a painting, Vladimir Chekalov painted a large number of sketches from life, many of them are excellent examples of realistic painting.
In the late 1950s - 1960's, Vladimir Chekalov commits creative journey to the Crimea, works in the town of Old Ladoga, at the Academic dacha, a lot of time with a landscape. In this genre with particular force revealed spectacular talent of the artist, his sense of color and the ability to transfer the state of the lighting and air environment.
Since 1953, Vladimir Chekalov was a member of the Leningrad Union of Artists. In 1970–1980 years he taught at art school for deaf children in Pavlovsk, near Leningrad.
Vladimir Fedorovich Chekalov died in Saint Petersburg in 1992. His paintings reside in art museums and private collections in Russia, France, England, Germany, Italy, the U.S., and others.
Honours and awards
Order of the Red Star
Order of the Patriotic War, 2nd Class, twice
Medal "For the Victory over Germany in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945"
Medal "For the Defence of Stalingrad"
Medal "For the Capture of Vienna"
Medal "For the Capture of Budapest"
Medal "For the Liberation of Belgrade"
See also
Fine Art of Leningrad
Leningrad School of Painting
List of painters of Saint Petersburg Union of Artists
Saint Petersburg Union of Artists
References
Bibliography
1917 — 1957. Выставка произведений ленинградских художников. Каталог. — Л: Ленинградский художник, 1958. — с.34.
Выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1960 года. Каталог. — Л: Художник РСФСР, 1961. — с.45.
Двести лет Академии художеств СССР. Каталог выставки. — Л.-М.: Искусство, 1958. — с.176.
Ленинград. Зональная выставка. — Л: Художник РСФСР, 1965. — с.61.
Справочник членов Союза художников СССР. Том 2. — М: Советский художник, 1979. — с. 541. — 644 с.
Выставки советского изобразительного искусства. Справочник. Том 5. 1954—1958 годы. — М: Советский художник, 1981. — с. 48, 195, 387. — 964 с.
Справочник членов Ленинградской организации Союза художников РСФСР. -Л: Художник РСФСР, 1987. — с. 143. — 160 с.
Ленинградские художники. Живопись 1950—1980 годов. Каталог. — Санкт-Петербург: Выставочный центр Санкт-Петербургского Союза художников, 1994. — с.4.
Этюд в творчестве ленинградских художников. Выставка произведений. Каталог. — Санкт — Петербург: Мемориальный музей Н. А. Некрасова, 1994. — с.6.
Лирика в произведениях художников военного поколения. Выставка произведений. Каталог. — Санкт-Петербург: Мемориальный музей Н. А. Некрасова, 1995. — с.6.
Живопись 1940—1990 годов. Ленинградская школа. Выставка произведений. — Санкт-Петербург: Мемориальный музей Н. А. Некрасова, 1996. — с.4.
Soviet Union Journal. - 1953: issue 2 (36).
Sergei V. Ivanov. Unknown Socialist Realism. The Leningrad School. - Saint Petersburg: NP-Print Edition, 2007. – pp. 9, 15, 18, 20, 24, 27, 29, 31, 42, 90, 364, 389-401, 403-406, 414-424, 439. , .
1922 births
1992 deaths
People from Soligalichsky District
Soviet painters
Socialist realist artists
Soviet military personnel of World War II
Leningrad Secondary Art School alumni
Leningrad School artists
Repin Institute of Arts alumni
Members of the Leningrad Union of Artists
Nowsar () is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 471, in 139 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Drakensbergena is a genus of leafhoppers in the tribe Drakensbergenini of the subfamily Deltocephalinae. There are currently 18 described species all found in the grasslands and fynbos of South Africa and Lesotho.
Species
There are currently 18 described species in Drakensbergena:
References
Endemic fauna of South Africa
Deltocephalinae
Hemiptera tribes
Indian Hill Village is a former shopping mall in Pomona, California. It has been redeveloped into a multi-use retail, commercial and educational facility and is now known as The Village @ Indian Hill, comprising on .
History
The original, open-air mall was built in the mid-1950s as Pomona Valley Center. Its anchor store, a Sears, had been dedicated in November 1954. Inline stores included Long's Drugs, F.C. Nash and J.J. Newberry. Between 1967 and 1969, the mall was expanded westward. A Zody's discount store opened in June 1969, as the center's second anchor. One year later, the F.C. Nash store was sold to Roberts Department Store.
In 1974, the mall was renamed to Indian Hill Village, a name chosen by the mall owners in a contest. An enclosing renovation was completed in September 1982. The project was described as "the largest single commercial development in the city's history". In 1985, Sears moved to the Montclair Plaza Mall.
In 1995, part of the property was acquired by the Pomona Unified School District, which created the nonprofit Pomona Valley Educational Foundation to manage it; the foundation was dissolved in 2010. The conversion of the failing mall into an "impressive" educational facility has been cited as one of the chief accomplishments of then-school superintendent Patrick Leier.
The expanded property now houses multiple educational facilities which serve more than 2,000 students in grades pre-Kindergarten to 14. An eight-screen movie theater formerly in the mall was closed in September 2005, prompting the theater owner to sue the school district, alleging that the lease had been improperly terminated.
References
Defunct shopping malls in the United States
Buildings and structures in Pomona, California
Education in Los Angeles County, California
Shopping malls established in 1955
1955 establishments in California
Scuttle is a PHP/MySQL-based open source social bookmarking application. It contains code from other PHP-based projects such as Drupal and jQuery.
Functions
Scuttle offers the same functionality as most of the social bookmarking websites such as tagging, RSS, multiple languages and security settings (public and private). It also supports bookmark imports from delicious and the delicious API, which means that all programs or widgets might also work. Backups are available via XML or MySQL Backend. It lacks an administrator backend, although there is one commercially available called "Scuttle Plus". The more advanced semantic scuttle provides anti-spam protection, structured tags and collaborative tag description.
References
External links
Scuttle on SourceForge
Semantic Scuttle on Sourceforge
Article about scuttle on linux.com
Social bookmarking
Free web software
Free multilingual software
Cross-platform free software
Free software programmed in PHP
The Dataverse is an open source web application to share, preserve, cite, explore and analyze research data. Researchers, data authors, publishers, data distributors, and affiliated institutions all receive appropriate credit via a data citation with a persistent identifier (e.g., DOI, or handle).
A Dataverse repository hosts multiple dataverses. Each dataverse contains dataset(s) or other dataverses, and each dataset contains descriptive metadata and data files (including documentation and code that accompany the data).
In 2019, Dataverse won the Duke's Choice Award for university and higher education.
Background
The Dataverse Project is housed and developed by the Dataverse Team at the Institute for Quantitative Social Science (IQSS) at Harvard University. Coding of the Dataverse (previously known as Dataverse Network) software began in 2006 under the leadership of Mercè Crosas and Gary King. The earlier Virtual Data Center (VDC) project, which spanned 1999-2006, was organized by Micah Altman, Gary King, and Sidney Verba as a collaboration between the Harvard-MIT Data Center (now part of IQSS) and the Harvard University Library. Precursors to the VDC date to 1987, comprising such entities as a stand-alone software guide to local data, preweb software, and tools to transfer cataloging information by FTP to other sites across campus automatically at designated times.
Installations
Harvard Dataverse
A collaboration with the Institute for Quantitative Social Science (IQSS), the Harvard Library, and Harvard University Information Technology (HUIT): the Harvard Dataverse is a repository for sharing, citing, analyzing, and preserving research data. It is open to all scientific data from all disciplines worldwide.
Dataverse in Europe
Dataverse is also installed in the countries of the European Union to preserve data collected by research communities of the Netherlands, Germany, France and Finland. The largest Dataverse repository is called DataverseNL and located in the Netherlands providing data management services for 11 Dutch Universities. A similar service is being developed in Norway (cf. DataverseNO).
Dataverse installations around the world
There are several other Dataverse repositories installed in Universities and organizations around the world. Here is a list of some Dataverse repositories:
The Austrian Social Science Data Archive (AUSSDA)
Odum Institute
Dutch Universities (dataverse.nl operated by DANS)
Fudan University
University of Alberta Libraries
Department of Cross-Cultural and Regional Studies, University of Copenhagen (ToRS)
ABACUS - British Columbia Research Libraries' Data Services
Scholars Portal - Ontario Council of University Libraries (OCUL)
HeiDATA - Heidelberg University
DataverseNO (Norwegian universities)
CIRAD Dataverse (France)
DataSuds (France)
The Australian Data Archive
APIs and interoperability
The Dataverse currently has multiple open APIs available, which allow for searching, depositing and accessing data.
Alternatives and similar projects
DSpace is often compared with Dataverse and is used for storing scientific data. CKAN provides similar functions and is widely used for open data.
See also
Data citation
Data sharing
Micah Altman
References
External links
The Dataverse Project
The Harvard Dataverse
The DataverseNL Data Repository (Netherlands)
DataverseNO - Dataverse Network Norway
Map of Dataverse repositories around the world
Harvard Library
Open science
Open data
Open-access archives
Open access (publishing)
Academic publishing
Data publishing
Scholarly communication
Olivier Rambo (born 8 September 1974) is a French footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for AS Illzach Modenheim. While playing for AS Nancy he made 78 appearances in Ligue 1, the highest tier of French football.
References
1974 births
Living people
People from La Trinité, Martinique
French footballers
Martiniquais footballers
Association football midfielders
AS Nancy Lorraine players
SC Toulon players
Ligue 1 players
AS Illzach Modenheim players
French people of Martiniquais descent
Ypsolopha senex is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae first described by Lord Walsingham in 1889. It is found throughout North America. In Canada it occurs in most provinces, from British Columbia and Alberta to Manitoba. It is present in most of the continental United States. It is known from a wide variety of habitats, including riparian ecosystems, mixed wood forest and alpine tundra.
They are of a uniform, drab colour. Adults are on wing from June to September. There is probably one generation per year.
The larvae feed on the leaves of Salix species. Feeding occurs in a loose web. Pupation takes place in a silken cocoon of a tubular shape.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
The Donglin Temple () is a Buddhist temple located in the town of Zhujing, Jinshan District, Shanghai, China. It is dedicated to Guan Yin, the bodhisattva of compassion.
History
The temple was first constructed during the Yuan Dynasty in 1308, but has been destroyed repeatedly by war, fire, neglect, and to make way for reconstruction. The only remaining historical building on the site (a hall) was listed as a city-level protected cultural site in 1987. The temple was complete redesigned and rebuilt in the years 2004 to 2007.
Architectural layout
As of 2010, the temple has occupied a 20-hectare site. The main entrance gate of the complex is reached via three parallel bridges.
The central feature of the temple's courtyard is a 5.4-meter-tall statue of Sudhana, the Child of Wealth (), decorated with Cloisonné enamel. The statue is surrounded by 8 copper fish with opened mouth into which visitors can toss coins.
In the back of the courtyard lies, the main building of the temple, the Hall of Guanyin. The hall's exterior mimics a large red natural cliff. The entrance gate to the building is about 20 meters high and 10 meters wide. Its bronze doors are decorated with 999 relief images of Buddha. The hall is 31 meters wide, 42 meters deep, and 31 meters high and houses a gilded statue of the thousand-armed Guanyin. The statue is 27 meters tall and stands on a 2-meter-high lotus base. Its arms are up to 5 meters in length.
See also
Location
The temple is located to in the southwest of Shanghai, on the corner of Renmin Road and Donglin Street. Its address is: No. 150 Donglin Street, Zhujing Town, Jinshan District, Shanghai.
References
Buddhist temples in Shanghai
Yuan dynasty architecture
14th-century Buddhist temples
Lloyd Sandiford may refer to:
Sir Lloyd Erskine Sandiford (politician) (born March 24, 1937), 4th Prime Minister of Barbados
Decora (rapper) (born January 4, 1984 as Lloyd Gregory Sandiford), American AfroLatinX hip hop artist
Saalfeld-Rudolstadt – Saale-Holzland-Kreis – Saale-Orla-Kreis is an electoral constituency (German: Wahlkreis) represented in the Bundestag. It elects one member via first-past-the-post voting. Under the current constituency numbering system, it is designated as constituency 195. It is located in eastern Thuringia, comprising the districts of Saalfeld-Rudolstadt, Saale-Holzland-Kreis, and Saale-Orla-Kreis.
Saalfeld-Rudolstadt – Saale-Holzland-Kreis – Saale-Orla-Kreis was created for the 2002 federal election. Since 2021, it has been represented by Michael Kaufmann of the Alternative for Germany (AfD).
Geography
Saalfeld-Rudolstadt – Saale-Holzland-Kreis – Saale-Orla-Kreis is located in eastern Thuringia. As of the 2021 federal election, it comprises the districts of Saalfeld-Rudolstadt, Saale-Holzland-Kreis, and Saale-Orla-Kreis.
History
Saalfeld-Rudolstadt – Saale-Holzland-Kreis – Saale-Orla-Kreis was created in 2002, then known as Sonneberg – Saalfeld-Rudolstadt – Saale-Orla-Kreis. It acquired its current name in the 2017 election. In the 2002 election, it was constituency 198 in the numbering system. In the 2005 election, it was number 197. In the 2009 and 2013 elections, it was number 196. Since the 2017 election, it has been number 195.
Originally, the constituency comprised the districts of Sonneberg, Saalfeld-Rudolstadt, and Saale-Orla-Kreis. It acquired its current borders in the 2017 election.
Members
The constituency was first represented by Christine Lehder of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) from 2002 to 2005, followed by Gerhard Botz of the SPD from 2005 to 2009. Carola Stauche of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) was representative from 2009 to 2017. Albert Weiler was elected in the 2017 election. The constituency was won by Michael Kaufmann of the Alternative for Germany (AfD) in 2021.
Election results
2021 election
2017 election
2013 election
2009 election
Notes
References
Federal electoral districts in Thuringia
2002 establishments in Germany
Constituencies established in 2002
Saalfeld-Rudolstadt
Saale-Holzland-Kreis
Saale-Orla-Kreis
The Malagasy green sunbird (Cinnyris notatus), also known as the long-billed green sunbird, is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. It has been placed in the genus Nectarinia. It is found in the Comoros and Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical mangrove forest, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Taxonomy
The taxon moebii, by most authorities considered a subspecies of the Long-billed Green Sunbird, has occasionally been considered a separate species, the Comoro green sunbird (Cinnyris moebii).
References
Malagasy green sunbird
Birds of the Comoros
Birds of Mayotte
Birds of Madagascar
Malagasy green sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Music of Apulia has had some glorious history as well as some very hard times. Located along the southern Adriatic, the area was part of Magna Grecia and certainly one of the centers of Ancient Greek music. And 1,000 years ago, Bari, on the coast, was a privileged sanctuary for pilgrims and Crusaders on their way to the Holy Land. Yet, the only musical relic that remains from the period is the Excultet, a representation from the 11th century of two angels playing trumpets that is preserved in the Basilica of San Nicola in Bari. Later, as part of the Kingdom of Naples, Apulia produced many memorable names in music, but like elsewhere in the south, many of them gravitated to Naples, the capital of the kingdom.
Further, economic hardships in the south following the unification of Italy through much of the 20th century resulted in massive emigration, a phenomenon hardly conducive to emphasize on music and the arts. Yet, modern Apulia has shown itself to be remarkably resilient and has an active, if still struggling, musical life.
Folk music
Apulia was home to the well-known folk song revivalist Matteo Salvatore.
The healing tarantolati ritual is an important part of Apulian folk culture. The ritual is centered on Saint Paul and women (tarantolati) who are said to have been bitten by a tarantula. The poison from the bite is said to be healed by dancing, sometimes for hours or even days. The dances include the tarantella and tarantata, and is accompanied by tamburelli and either violin, organetto or guitar.
Brass bands
Apulia is known for its brass band tradition, which includes the Bando Ruvo di Puglia, led by Pino Minafra. In recent music, this brass band tradition has involved many of the region's jazz performers.
Music venues
The Petruzzelli Operatic and Symphonic Foundation of Bari is the organization around which much of the cultural life of the city revolves. It is named for the famous Teatro Petruzzelli, the center of music life in the city and province, but which fell victim to a disastrous fire in 1991 and reopened just in 2009. Taking up that slack, however, are other venues: the Basilica of San Nicola, the premises of the Piccinni Conservatory, and the Teatro Piccinni (now closed). The city of Bari also hosts the interesting Kismet Theater, a permanent theatrical and musical workshop, open to the public 6 days a week, the aim of which is to encourage those activities among the youth.
Brindisi's new Verdi Theater had its first concert in 2002. The theater is an impressive hyper modern structure that seats 1200 and was built near the presumed place where the poet Virgil is said to have died. The area contains significant Roman archaeology, which caused delays in the completion of the new concert hall.
The city and province of Foggia are noted as the birthplace of composer Umberto Giordano and much musical activity recalls that fact. The main venue for opera was built in 1828 and was renamed the Giordano Theater in 1928. The city has a secondary theater, named for Giuseppe Verdi.
Lecce was the birthplace of the great tenor, Tito Schipa. It also hosts a music conservatory and is the home of the Salento Chamber ensemble. The Teatro Comunale is named for Giovanni Paisiello, one of the great names in 18th century Neapolitan comic opera.
The "city on two seas", Taranto, recalls its connection to ancient Greece in the names of musical organizations such as the Magna Grecia Orchestra, the Ionian Art Orchestra and the Magna Grecia Choir. The area hosts the Association for the Music of Paisiello (born here), sponsors the annual Nicolosi Song Competition, and is the site of the internationally known Valle d'Itria Festival. It takes place in July and August, during which time the entire city of Taranto becomes a collection of venues for music of various sorts. It is considered one of the most important cultural manifestations in southern Italy.
References
Guide Cultura, i luoghi della music (2003) ed. Touring Club Italiano.
Surian, Alessio. "Tenores and Tarantellas". 2000. In Broughton, Simon and Ellingham, Mark with McConnachie, James and Duane, Orla (Ed.), World Music, Vol. 1: Africa, Europe and the Middle East, pp. 189 - 201
External links
Petruzzelli Foundation, Bari
Piccinni Conservatory, Bari
Valle d'Itria Festival
Concerts today in Apulia
Apulia
Apulia
The Old Plantation Flats Light was a lighthouse located in the Chesapeake Bay marking the channel to Cape Charles, Virginia.
History
Old Plantation Flats is a shoal paralleling the Eastern Shore near the mouth of the bay, taking its name from Old Plantation Creek which empties into the bay near the center of the shoal. A square screw-pile light was erected on the shoal in 1886. It was constantly plagued by ice floes, with the original lens being destroyed in 1893, and more substantial damage done in 1918. After the latter the piles were reinforced with concrete and surrounded with rip-rap. The resulting structure was unlike any other in the bay.
In the 1890s the Pennsylvania Railroad established Cape Charles, Virginia as the southern terminus of its Eastern Shore rail system. The Corps of Engineers dredged out a lagoon and created a channel running across the flats, with the light serving to mark its entrance. This channel allowed the railroad to connect to points west through car float operations.
In 1962 the house was removed from the light and replaced with the usual skeleton tower. However, in 2004 a replica was constructed as part of the Bay Creek Resort and Club being built south of Cape Charles. This replica includes a 1940s-era fog bell taken from a retired buoy and a new fourth-order lens, the first constructed in eighty years. Another half size replica sits astride a golf cart causeway, forming a sort of covered bridge.
References
Old Plantation Flats Light, from the Chesapeake Chapter of the United States Lighthouse Society
Lighthouses completed in 1886
Lighthouses in Virginia
Buildings and structures in Northampton County, Virginia
Transportation in Northampton County, Virginia
Lighthouses in the Chesapeake Bay
Buildings and structures demolished in 1962
The Cultural Institutions Group (CIG) is a coalition of institutions providing cultural and educational resources to the public in New York City that are subsidized by the city. The group originated in the last quarter of the 19th century with planning efforts by New York City to cope with becoming a major city. The organizations joined together in the mid-20th century to discuss and improve working conditions in New York City. Today, the CIG includes 34 cultural institutions.
History
The basic framework for the public-private partnerships between New York City and its 34 cultural institutions was established in the 19th century. The original concept of the partnerships has succeeded beyond its founders' most ambitious expectations.
1877-1945: The original partnerships
In the last quarter of the 19th century, the City of New York began a comprehensive planning effort to cope with its rapid growth and to establish itself as a major world city. The State of New York passed legislation that incorporated the institutions and authorized the city to build facilities and lease them and the city-owned parkland on which they sat to the new private institutions. The partnership stipulated that the city would provide these institutions with land, facilities and funds for maintenance and security. The private institutions in turn would develop specialized cultural services and collections which would be available to the general public. The model married the traditions of European subsidy for the arts with American independence and capitalism. The pattern was established with the American Museum of Natural History in 1877, followed by The Metropolitan Museum of Art, 1878; New York Botanical Garden, 1891; Bronx Zoo, 1895; Brooklyn Museum, 1897; Brooklyn Children's Museum, 1899. After the turn of the 20th century, four additional organizations negotiated agreements with the city: Staten Island Institute of Arts and Sciences, 1908; Brooklyn Botanic Garden, 1909; Museum of the City of New York, 1922; Staten Island Zoological Society, 1936.
1945-1976: Conflict and policy
From 1952 to 1967, an additional five organizations would begin to receive regular city support: Brooklyn Academy of Music, 1952; Queens Botanical Garden, 1962; New York Hall of Science, 1965; Wave Hill, 1965; Staten Island Historical Society, 1967. In the 1950s the City and the cultural organizations engaged in protracted discussions over the issue of wages and working conditions of employees who were City reimbursed. Following a strike action against eight of the institutions in 1958 and 1959, the institutions met in 1960 in an informal organization which came to be known as the Cultural Institutions Group or CIG. The labor settlement that was eventually reached was an unconventional one that involved "tri-partite" bargaining and obligated the institutions and the City of New York to negotiate (and the city to pay for) wage and benefit increases, while working conditions were negotiated between the union and the individual organizations.
Having recognized a valuable community of interests, the CIG continued to meet to address other issues. In 1962, Mayor Robert F. Wagner, Jr. established a mayoral Office of Cultural Affairs (OCA) that pre-dated the National Endowment for the Arts. In 1967, Mayor John V. Lindsay moved the OCA functions into the newly titled Department of Parks and Recreation and Cultural Affairs (PRCA). Program grants expanded considerably, and a number of newer organizations began to make the case for city operating support including Bronx County Historical Society, Bronx Museum of the Arts, El Museo del Barrio, Jamaica Center for Arts & Learning, Queens Theatre in the Park, Queens Museum of Art, Staten Island Children's Museum, and the Studio Museum in Harlem. In 1974, Mayor Abraham D. Beame appointed the Committee on Cultural Policy, which recommended removing cultural affairs from PRCA and that the city concentrate its funding in the areas of facilities and basic support.
1976-1990: Cultural affairs
Enabling legislation for a City Department of Cultural Affairs (DCA) was passed in 1975, and the new department began to operate in 1976. In 1978, Mayor Edward I. Koch took office as the city began to climb out of its fiscal crisis. He agreed that the seven newer organizations and the New York State Theater should receive regular city support for operating expenses. And seven cultural organizations would also begin to receive this category of support including Snug Harbor Cultural Center, 1981; Museum of the Moving Image, 1982; MoMA PS1, 1982; The New York Public Theater, 1982; New York City Center, 1981; Staten Island Botanical Garden, 1983; and Carnegie Hall, 1986.
1990-Present: Government transitions and the budget
By the 1990s, two new organizations had joined the ranks of the CIG: Flushing Town Hall and the Museum of Jewish Heritage. With a new city charter redistributing budgeting powers from the Board of Estimate to the Mayor and a larger City Council and the implementation of term limits in 2001, the tentative pas de deux of the 1980s budget negotiations became a full-fledged ballet in the 1990s. Between 1980 and 2007, there were only two years when the proposed Executive Budget and the Adopted Budget for the Department of Cultural Affairs were the same.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and City Council Speaker Christine C. Quinn jointly announced a preliminary budget for 2008 that established a new base level of funding for cultural organizations. In addition, the administration brought new reforms to the city's approach to cultural funding. The agency increased its competitive Cultural Development Fund nearly tenfold to $30 million to support non-CIG organizations.
Member organizations
American Museum of Natural History
The Bronx County Historical Society
The Bronx Museum of the Arts
Brooklyn Academy of Music
Brooklyn Botanic Garden
Brooklyn Children's Museum
Brooklyn Museum
Carnegie Hall
Flushing Town Hall
Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts
Jamaica Center for Arts & Learning
The Metropolitan Museum of Art
El Museo del Barrio
Museum of Jewish Heritage
Museum of the City of New York
Museum of the Moving Image
The New York Botanical Garden
New York City Center
New York Hall of Science
The New York Public Theater
New York State Theater:
New York City Ballet
New York City Opera
MoMA PS1 Contemporary Art Center
Queens Botanical Garden
Queens Museum of Art
Queens Theatre in the Park
Snug Harbor Cultural Center
Staten Island Botanical Garden
Staten Island Children's Museum
Staten Island Historical Society
Staten Island Museum
Staten Island Zoological Society
The Studio Museum in Harlem
Wave Hill
Weeksville Heritage Center
Wildlife Conservation Society:
Bronx Zoo
New York Aquarium
References
External links
Official Website
Culture of New York City
Szendehely () is a village in Nógrád County, Hungary. It has a relatively high German population of 37%.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
PeachCare for Kids is a low-cost health insurance program for children of uninsured, low-income families in the U.S. state of Georgia who do not qualify for Medicaid. It is operated by the Georgia Department of Community Health.
History
In 1997, the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) began the State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) to cover children from families whose incomes are low but too high for Medicaid. PeachCare for Kids was founded in 1999 as Georgia's SCHIP. As of 2009, an average of 1.4 million Georgians are enrolled.
References
External links
PeachCare for Kids Homepage
Medical and health organizations based in Georgia (U.S. state)
Cardenal Antonio Samoré Pass () is one of the main mountain passes through the southern Andes along the border between Argentina and Chile.
Together with Paso Libertadores, it is one of the easiest of the Argentina-Chile passes, and one of the few with asphalted roads in the region. The main towns and cities respectively on both sides of the pass are Entre Lagos and Osorno in Chile and Villa La Angostura and San Carlos de Bariloche in Argentina. From the Chilean side the pass is accessed through Route 215-CH, branch line which begins at the Panamerican Highway in Osorno. On the Argentinian side the pass is reached by Ruta Nacional 231.
Since 1974 there is a treaty that guarantee the transport of Chilean goods from the Chilean X Los Lagos Region to the XII Magallanes and Antártica Chilena Region over the Paso Samoré through the Argentinian Patagonia.
History
It is named after Cardinal Antonio Samorè, who mediated in the Beagle conflict between Chile and Argentina from 1978 to 1983. Operation Soberanía, the Argentine invasion plan, considered an offensive of the Third Army Corps under command of Luciano Benjamín Menéndez through Samoré Pass to seize Los Lagos Region.
Before it was renamed, it was known as Paso Puyehue after Puyehue Lake.
References
Mountain passes of Chile
Mountain passes of Argentina
Mountain passes of the Andes
Landforms of Los Lagos Region
Landforms of Neuquén Province
Argentina–Chile border crossings
Transport in Los Lagos Region
Nahuel Huapi National Park
Santa Rosa is a remote rural village in the Department of Santa Cruz, Bolivia. It lies to the North of the Santa Cruz/Cochabamba highway and on the Southern border of the Amboro National Park.
Overview
It has one shop and a Roman Catholic church. None of the streets are paved. There are no mains services of any description. Communication with the outside world is by a solar powered radio transmitter. The access road is unpaved and subject to avalanche and flooding.
Photo gallery
The photo gallery gives a good idea of the typical rural village in the foothills of the Andes in Bolivia:
Populated places in Santa Cruz Department (Bolivia)
Silesia is a historical region in Central Europe.
Historical territories of Silesia include:
Silesia, split between Poland, Czech Republic and Germany
Lower Silesia, split between Poland and Germany
Upper Silesia, split between Poland and the Czech Republic
Czech Silesia (sometimes Moravian Silesia), in the Czech Republic
Austrian Silesia, in the former Austrian Empire and Kingdom of Bohemia
Cieszyn Silesia or Těšín Silesia, split between Poland and the Czech Republic
Middle Silesia, in Poland
Administrative units of Silesia include:
Duchy of Silesia (1138–1335)
New Silesia, former Prussian province (1795–1807)
Province of Silesia, former Prussian province (1815–1919; 1938–1941)
Province of Lower Silesia, former Prussian province (1919–1938; 1941–1945)
Province of Upper Silesia, former Prussian province (1919–1938; 1941–1945)
Duchy of Upper and Lower Silesia (Austrian Silesia), former Austrian kronland (1742–1919)
Silesian Voivodeship (1920–1939) in Second Polish Republic
Silesian Voivodeship (1945–1950) in People's Republic of Poland
Lower Silesian Upper Lusatia, former Saxon district (1994–2008)
Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in Poland (1999–)
Silesian Voivodeship, in Poland (1999–)
Opole Voivodeship, in Poland (1999–)
Lubusz Voivodeship, in Poland (1999–)
Moravian-Silesian Region, in the Czech Republic (2000–)
Religious bodies
Evangelical Church of Silesia, former Protestant united regional church body in Germany (1947–2004)
Silesian Evangelical Church of Augsburg Confession, a Lutheran regional church body in the Czech Republic
Other uses
SS Silesia, several passenger and cargo ships
Silesia (cloth) A fabric used for garment linings
Silesia, Montana
See also
Silesian (disambiguation)
Upper Silesian Metropolitan Union
Dukes of Silesia
, a German battleship that served in both World Wars
Schlesien (disambiguation)
Silesia Euroregion
Śląsk (disambiguation)
Cryptosulidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Cheilostomatida.
Genera:
Cryptosula Canu & Bassler, 1925
Cryptosula Vigneaux, 1949
Harmeria Norman, 1903
References
Bryozoan families
Ernst Bettler is a fictional Swiss graphic designer. He was invented by Christopher Wilson in a 2000 hoax article published in the second issue of Dot Dot Dot, a magazine of visual culture.
According to the article, Bettler was asked in the 1950s to design advertisement posters for Pfäfferli+Huber (P+H), a Swiss pharmaceutical manufacturer. The article states that Bettler knew of the company's involvement in Nazi concentration camp experiments and decided to accept the commission with the intention of damaging P+H. The four posters he created, Wilson's article recounts, were exemplary works of International Typographic Style design, advertising P+H drugs such as "Contrazipan". However, according to the article, the posters featured abstract compositions that could be read as capital letters – spelling out "N - A - Z - I" when displayed in sequence. Wilson's article states that the public outcry that followed the public display of the posters ruined P+H in a matter of weeks.
Even though it was highly detailed and featured many photographs and illustrations, the article was a complete fabrication. Ernst Bettler, Pfäfferli+Huber and its drugs do not exist, and neither do the Swiss towns "Sumisdorf" and "Burgwald" that feature in the article – their names are presumably based on the real Swiss towns of Sumiswald and Burgdorf. Nonetheless, the story was well received in graphic design circles. Among others, the September/October 2001 "Graphic Anarchy" issue of Adbusters magazine hailed Bettler's work as "one of the greatest design interventions on record", and the 2002 graphic design textbook Problem Solved by Michael Johnson covers Bettler as one of the "founding fathers of the 'culture-jamming' form of protest".
Wilson's article was first revealed to be false in a 2002 entry in the blog Lines and Splines by Andy Crewdson. The Bettler hoax and its reception was subsequently covered by Rick Poynor in an article in the February 2003 issue of Eye magazine, as well as by other blogs.
References
Fiction set in the 1950s
2000 hoaxes
Culture jamming
Fictional artists
Literary characters introduced in 2000
Fictional Swiss people
Swiss graphic designers
Hoaxes in the United States
Nazism in fiction
Nonexistent people used in hoaxes
Garfield County is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 1,173. Its county seat is Jordan.
Garfield County is noteworthy as the site of the discovery and excavation of four of the world's dozen or so major specimens (as of 1994) of Tyrannosaurus rex. A cast of the skull of one of these dinosaurs is on display at the Garfield County Museum.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.6%) is water. Its average population density of 0.1058 inhabitants/km2 (0.274/sq mi) is the third-lowest of any county outside of Alaska (behind Loving County, Texas and Esmeralda County, Nevada).
Major highways
Montana Highway 22
Montana Highway 59
Montana Highway 24
Montana Highway 200
Adjacent counties
Phillips County – northwest
Valley County – north
McCone County – east
Prairie County – east
Custer County – southeast
Rosebud County – south
Petroleum County – west
National protected area
Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 1,279 people, 532 households, and 366 families living in the county. The population density was <1/km2 (<1/sq mi). There were 961 housing units at an average density of <1/km2 (<1/sq mi). The racial makeup of the county was 99.14% White, 0.08% Black or African American, 0.39% Native American, 0.08% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, and 0.23% from two or more races. 0.39% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 25.9% were of German, 15.4% English, 14.4% American, 8.1% Scottish, 8.1% Irish, 6.7% Norwegian and 5.5% Scots-Irish ancestry.
There were 532 households, out of which 28.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.30% were married couples living together, 4.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.20% were non-families. 28.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.93.
The county population contained 24.50% under the age of 18, 7.10% from 18 to 24, 23.30% from 25 to 44, 25.80% from 45 to 64, and 19.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,917, and the median income for a family was $31,111. Males had a median income of $20,474 versus $14,531 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,930. About 16.70% of families and 21.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.90% of those under age 18 and 17.40% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 census, there were 1,206 people, 532 households, and 347 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 844 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.6% white, 0.4% American Indian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.1% Asian, 0.2% from other races, and 0.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 33.3% were German, 16.9% were Irish, 15.0% were Norwegian, 13.3% were English, 10.5% were American, 8.1% were Swedish, and 7.4% were Scottish.
Of the 532 households, 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were married couples living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.8% were non-families, and 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.86. The median age was 46.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,955 and the median income for a family was $54,375. Males had a median income of $37,813 versus $19,286 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,424. About 8.1% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.1% of those under age 18 and 8.9% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Like all of the High Plains outside of Native American counties, Garfield is an overwhelmingly Republican county. It was the most Republican county in Montana since the 2004 United States presidential election.
The last Democratic presidential candidate to carry the county was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1940, and in the last seven Presidential elections no Democratic candidate has managed to receive more than 15.1 percent. The last Democrat to pass so much as thirty percent was Lyndon Johnson during his 1964 landslide win over Barry Goldwater, and even then Goldwater won the county by double digits and it was his second-best county in the Treasure State behind Powder River.
In the 2000 presidential election Republican George W. Bush won 89% of the vote to Democrat Al Gore's 7%. In the 2004 presidential election, Garfield County gave 92.08% of its votes to President George W. Bush, with John Kerry receiving 6.21% of the vote. In the 2008 presidential election, Senator John McCain received 87.2% with Senator Barack Obama receiving 9.1%. In the 2012 presidential election, Governor Mitt Romney received 90.2% of the vote with President Barack Obama receiving only 6.4% of the vote. In the 2016 presidential election, Donald Trump received 91.00% of the vote while Hillary Clinton got 4.75% of the vote. Trump's showing of 94% in the 2020 election is the strongest for any candidate in the county's history.
Garfield County is also Republican at the local level. Democratic governor Brian Schweitzer has never received more than 28 percent of the county's vote and no Democratic gubernatorial candidate has carried the county since Ted Schwinden in 1984. As part of the 15th district of the Montana Senate, the county is represented by Republican Jim Peterson and as part of the 30th district of the Montana House of Representatives it is represented by Republican Dave Kasten.
Communities
Town
Jordan (county seat)
Unincorporated communities
Benzien
Brusett
Cohagen
Haxby
Hillside
Mosby
Sand Springs
Tindall
See also
List of lakes in Garfield County, Montana
List of mountains in Garfield County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Garfield County MT
References
External links
Garfield County, MT
1919 establishments in Montana
Populated places established in 1919
The Billboard Latin Pop Airplay is a chart that ranks the best-performing Spanish-language Pop music singles of the United States. Published by Billboard magazine, the data are compiled by Nielsen SoundScan based collectively on each single's weekly airplay.
Chart history
References
United States Latin Pop
2019
2019 in Latin music
Leonardo Silva dos Santos (born February 5, 1980) is a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist who competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. A professional competitor since 2002, he has formerly competed for World Victory Road, BAMMA, and was the winner of The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 2 welterweight tournament.
Early life and BJJ
Santos was born on February 5, 1980 in Rio de Janeiro. His brother is MMA fighter Wagnney Fabiano. He started training Jiu Jitsu when he was 5 years old under the legendary trainer Wendell Alexander (Co-Founder of Nova Uniao) in Vila da penha (Rio de Janeiro) at the Mello Tenis Club. Although Santos as a kid had other interests (mainly soccer) and didn't enjoy training all that much but he felt obliged to train as his older cousin and brother were avid Jiu Jitsu practitioners. With time Santos started enjoying the benefits of Jiu Jitsu and also started enjoying the BJJ routine, success in BJJ Comps came with this new found love for the martial art.
In 1995 Mr. Alexander (Leo's Coach) joined with Dedé Pederneiras to make Nova Uniao, one of the strongest teams in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu the world had seen, and Leo Santos soon was one of Nova Uniao's star competitors.
In 2002 Santos stopped competing at the Mundial (CBJJ World Championships) as this competition did not offer prize money to its competitors. This was something that a lot of fighters pressed for and which catapulted the rise of CBJJO. Santos started competing in CBJJO's tournaments only (with gi) and was undefeated for over 5 years in that organization.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career, Shooto and Sengoku
Santos make his MMA debut against rising undefeated Japanese superstar Takanori Gomi, who at the time was the Shooto World Welterweight (154 lb) Champion. The fight ended with a Majority Decision win for Gomi.
After this bout Santos returned to BJJ full-time, winning the World Cup Championship 4 times between 2002 and 2005. In 2006 after a short time helping his brother Wagnney with his academy in Canada, Leonardo started dedicating himself fully to MMA. He compiled an 8–3 record with major promotions like Shooto and World Victory Road.
BAMMA
He made his BAMMA debut at BAMMA 6, defeating Jason Ball via unanimous decision.
Santos was scheduled to face Rob Sinclair at BAMMA 7, however he pulled out of the fight, refusing to fly over from Paris as he knew he would not make weight and knew he would not be able to make the full amount of money from competing anyway.
The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil
In March 2013, it was revealed that Santos was a cast member of The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 2. He won his elimination fight to get into the TUF house, defeating Luciano Contini by TKO in round 1. He was chosen to be a member of Team Nogueira. Over the course of the show, Santos defeated Juliano Wandalen and Thiago Santos both by unanimous decision to reach the semifinals. In the semifinals, he lost to Santiago Ponzinibbio by unanimous decision. However, Ponzinibbio broke his hand during this semifinal fight and was replaced by Santos in the finals against William Macário. This semifinal-round fight with Ponzinibbio, however, was picked as the Fight of the Season, and both welterweights picked up a $25,000 bonus.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Santos fought Macário in the finals on June 8, 2013 at UFC on Fuel TV 10. After a strong first round by Macário, Santos rallied and won via submission in the second round to become the tournament winner.
For his second fight with the promotion, Santos faced TUF: Smashes lightweight winner Norman Parke at UFC Fight Night 38. The fight ended in a majority draw.
Santos faced returning veteran Efrain Escudero on September 13, 2014 at UFC Fight Night 51. He won the fight by unanimous decision.
Santos was expected to face Matt Wiman on March 21, 2015 at UFC Fight Night 62. However, Wiman was forced out of the bout on February 11 with a back injury and was replaced by Anthony Rocco Martin. He won the fight by submission in the second round.
Santos faced Kevin Lee on December 12, 2015 at UFC 194. Despite being a significant underdog, Santos won the fight via TKO in the first round and earned a Performance of the Night bonus.
Santos was expected to face Evan Dunham on June 4, 2016 at UFC 199. However, Santos pulled out on April 29 due to an undisclosed injury and was replaced by James Vick.
Santos next faced Adriano Martins on October 8, 2016 at UFC 204. He won the fight via split decision.
Santos was expected to face Olivier Aubin-Mercier on June 3, 2017 at UFC 212. However the bout was scrapped on May 18 as both fighters were removed from the card.
Santos was expected to face Nik Lentz on June 1, 2018 at UFC Fight Night 131. However, it was reported on April 28, 2018 that Santos was pulled from the event due to a hand injury.
Santos faced Stevie Ray on June 1, 2019 at UFC Fight Night 153. He won the fight via knockout in the first round. The win also earned Santos his second Performance of the Night bonus award.
Santos was set to face Jared Gordon on November 16, 2019 at UFC on ESPN+ 22. However, he withdrew from the fight and was replaced by Charles Oliveira.
Santos faced Roman Bogatov on July 11, 2020 at UFC 251. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Santos faced Grant Dawson on March 20, 2021 at UFC on ESPN 21. He lost the fight via knockout in round three.
Santos was scheduled to face Alexander Hernandez on October 2, 2021 at UFC Fight Night 193. However, Santos was forced to withdraw from the event, citing a calf injury.
Santos faced Clay Guida on December 4, 2021 at UFC on ESPN 31. He lost the fight via rear-naked choke in round two.
Santos faced Jared Gordon on August 20, 2022 at UFC 278. He lost the bout via unanimous decision.
After the loss, Santos retired from MMA on September 8, 2022.
Personal life
Santos has a son, Pedro.
Championships and accomplishments
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
World Championships IBJJF
4x World Cup Champion (2002, 2003, 2004, 2005)
Silver World Medalist (2001 Black Belt Division)
Bronze World Medalist (2000 Black Belt Division)
ADCC Bronze Medalist (2001)
ADCC Brazilian Trial Champion (2005)
4th Place in the ADCC Finals (2005)
Mixed martial arts
Ultimate Fighting Championship
The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 2 Welterweight Tournament Winner
Performance of the Night (Two times)
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|18–6–1
|Jared Gordon
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 278
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Salt Lake City, Utah, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|18–5–1
|Clay Guida
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|UFC on ESPN: Font vs. Aldo
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|1:21
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|18–4–1
|Grant Dawson
|KO (punches)
|UFC on ESPN: Brunson vs. Holland
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|4:59
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|18–3–1
|Roman Bogatov
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 251
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|17–3–1
|Stevie Ray
|KO (punch)
|UFC Fight Night: Gustafsson vs. Smith
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:17
|Stockholm, Sweden
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|16–3–1
|Adriano Martins
|Decision (split)
|UFC 204
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Manchester, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|15–3–1
|Kevin Lee
|TKO (punches)
|UFC 194
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:26
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 14–3–1
| Anthony Rocco Martin
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| UFC Fight Night: Maia vs. LaFlare
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:29
| Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
| align=center| 13–3–1
| Efrain Escudero
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC Fight Night: Bigfoot vs. Arlovski
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Brasília, Brazil
|
|-
| Draw
| align=center|
| Norman Parke
| Draw (majority)
| UFC Fight Night: Shogun vs. Henderson 2
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Natal, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–3
| William Macário
| Submission (arm-triangle choke)
| UFC on Fuel TV: Nogueira vs. Werdum
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:43
| Fortaleza, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–3
| Mark Holst
| Technical Submission (arm-triangle choke)
| Cage Warriors Fight Night 7
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:14
| Amman, Jordan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–3
| Gilmar da Silva
| Technical Submission (arm-triangle choke)
| Shooto: Brazil 28
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:47
| Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9–3
| Jason Ball
| Decision (unanimous)
| BAMMA 6: Watson vs. Rua
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| London, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–3
| Sotaro Yamada
| DQ (knees to the groin)
| World Victory Road Presents: Sengoku Raiden Championships 14
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:56
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–3
| Kiuma Kunioku
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| World Victory Road Presents: Sengoku Raiden Championships 12
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:06
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 6–3
| Kazunori Yokota
| Decision (split)
| World Victory Road Presents: Sengoku 8
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–2
| Danilo Noronha
| Submission (arm-triangle choke)
| Shooto: Brazil 10
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:20
| Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–2
| Corey Edwards
| KO (head kick)
| Shooto: Brazil 9
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:21
| Fortaleza, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–2
| Alan Lopes
| Submission (triangle choke)
| Shooto: Brazil 8
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:10
| Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–2
| Christian Lopez
| Submission (arm-triangle choke)
| Shooto: Brazil 7
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:40
| Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–2
| Rafael Bastos
| Decision
| MTL: Mo Team League 2
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 1–2
| Jean Silva
| KO (punch)
| Super Challenge 1
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:12
| Barueri, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–1
| Gabriel Moraes
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Guarafight 3
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| N/A
| Guarapari, Brazil
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 0–1
| Takanori Gomi
| Decision (majority)
| Shooto: Treasure Hunt 7
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Sakai, Japan
|
Mixed martial arts exhibition record
| Loss
| align=center| 3–1
| Santiago Ponzinibbio
| Decision (unanimous)
| The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 2
| N/A (airdate)
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Thiago Santos
| Decision (unanimous)
| The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 2
|N/A (airdate)
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 5:00
| São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Márcio Santos
| Decision (unanimous)
| The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 2
| N/A (airdate)
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 5:00
| São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Luciano Contini
| TKO (finger injury)
| The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 2
| (airdate)
| align=center| 1
| align=center| N/A
| São Paulo, Brazil
|
See also
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
Living people
Brazilian male mixed martial artists
Lightweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Brazilian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (city)
1980 births
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
John Rosewell (c. 1635 – 30 October 1684) was Headmaster of Eton College, England (1671–1682).
Education
John Rosewell received his early education at Berwick-upon-Tweed, Northumberland. He matriculated at Magdalen Hall, Oxford, on 2 April 1652, and subsequently moved to Corpus Christi College, Oxford. He received his B.A. degree on 16 October 1655, was elected Fellow of Corpus Christi in 1656, and received his M.A. on 17 March 1658/9. John (Johannes) Rosewell was ordained as a Deacon at Christ Church Cathedral, Oxford on 31 March 1661. He received his B.D. degree on 31 October 1667 and was incorporated at Cambridge in 1668.
Early years
While at Corpus Christi, in the period 1653–54, Rosewell was prescribed for "a very hot stomach" by the apothecary, Jeremiah Webbe. From 1666, he made regular contributions to the "New Building", Corpus Christi College, reaching a total of £744 by February 1668.
Reputation
Rosewell succeeded Thomas Mountague as Headmaster of Eton in 1671 and was the last "alien" (non-Etonian) to be elected to the position for many years. He was held in high esteem for his learning. Rosewell seems to have greatly increased the reputation of the school, and is styled by one of his pupils, ludimagister celeberrimus (renowned schoolmaster). A manuscript records in 1678 that "then it was that the foundation of its (Eton's) present grandeur was laid".
First list of Eton School
During his period as Headmaster, in 1678, a list of the school was produced — the earliest complete list extant — giving the names of 207 boys, 78 of whom were in College. No other list is forthcoming for another forty years. It is written, not printed, on a half-sheet of parchment. The seventh form had long been abolished, the sixth being the highest. In each form, except the sixth, the names of Collegers and Oppidans are given separately. In this list also, brothers were distinguished by the style of major, minor, and minimus, and so forth, as at the present day.
Resignation
In 1678, Rosewell obtained a canonry at Windsor, and in 1682 resigned the headmastership. According to a rumour of the day, his resignation was caused by his falling into a fit of melancholy madness, in consequence of having killed a boy by immoderate flogging, and fancying that the King's messengers were coming to arrest him. The story does not sound very probable, and the less so as he was elected a Fellow of Eton in 1683.
His successor as Headmaster was Charles Roderick, Etonian and Kingsman, who had been Usher (Lower Master) from 1676.
Will
John Rosewell wrote his will on 24 June 1684 leaving his valuable library to Corpus Christi College, Oxford; £300 for "the benefit and use of Eton College School"; £200 to the Church of Windsor; £50 to his "kinsman" William Rosewell (Eton Scholar and later Master of King's College School, Cambridge); £40 to the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and £20 towards the erecting and building of a Chapel for St Mary Magdalen Hall, Oxford. He died on 30 October 1684.
See also
List of headmasters of Eton College
References
Churchill, W. D. and Alsop, J. D. (2001), "The Prescribing Physicians and Sick Scholars of Oxford: Jeremiah Webbe's Apothecarial Notebook, 1653–54', Vesalius, 7:2, pp. 73–78.
Foster, Joseph (1891–1892), Alumni Oxonienses 1500–1714, Parker & Co., Oxford, p. 1281.
Hollis, Christopher (1960), "Eton: A History", Hollis & Carter.
Page, William (editor) (1905), "The Victoria history of the county of Buckingham", Constable, London.
Will of John Rosewell, Canon of Windsor (1684), National Archives, PCC 11/378/176.
Salter, H. E. and Lobel, Mary D. (editors) (1954), "Corpus Christi College, A History of the County of Oxford", Volume 3, The University of Oxford.
Sterry, Wasey (1898), "Annals of the King's College of our Lady of Eton beside Windsor", Methuen.
Venn, J. and Venn, J. A. (1924), Alumni Cantabrigienses, Part I (to 1751), Volume III, Cambridge, p. 488.
1635 births
1684 deaths
People from Berwick-upon-Tweed
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Oxford
Fellows of Corpus Christi College, Oxford
Headmasters of Eton College
Khurram Shazad (born 21 October 1990) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder, winger, or attacker for Silsden. Born in England, he was a youth international for Pakistan. Besides England, he has played in the United States and Austria.
Career
Club career
In 2011, Shazad joined the Young Harris Mountain Lions in the United States. In 2013, he signed for American fourth division side Rocket City United. Before the second half of 2014–15, Shazad signed for WSG Tirol in the Austrian second division, where he made 48 appearances and scored 7 goals. On 21 March 2015, he debuted for WSG Tirol during a 1-0 win over FC Bizau. On 28 March 2015, Shazad scored his first goal for WSG Tirol during a 4-1 win over TSV St. Johann. In 2018, he signed for English ninth division club Eccleshill.
International career
Shazad is eligible to represent Pakistan internationally.
References
External links
Khurram Shazad at playmakerstats.com
English people of Pakistani descent
English footballers
Pakistani expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Pakistani expatriates in Austria
English expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Eccleshill United F.C. players
Young Harris Mountain Lions men's soccer players
Living people
1990 births
Rocket City United players
National Premier Soccer League players
WSG Tirol players
2. Liga (Austria) players
Albion Sports A.F.C. players
Northern Counties East Football League players
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
English expatriate footballers
Pakistani expatriate footballers
Association football wingers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Pakistani footballers
Association football forwards
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Association football midfielders
Five star, 5 star or ***** may refer to:
Quality grading system
Five-star grades in a Star (classification) system, such as for films, TV shows, restaurants, and hotels
Hotel rating
Restaurant rating
UEFA stadium categories
Arts and entertainment
Music
Five Star, a British pop/R&B group, formed in 1983
Five Star (album), by Five Star (1990)
The Five Stars, a Samoan musical group
The Five Stars, a 1950s American vocal group, with "Atom Bomb Baby" featured in The Atomic Cafe
Five-star (album), by Yuki (2007)
Five Stars (Myname album), 2014
Five Stars (Higher Brothers album)
"5 Star" (Yo Gotti song) (2009)
Film, radio and television
Five Star (film), a 2002 Indian Tamil film
Five-Star Production, a Thai film production company
5Star, a UK TV channel owned by ViacomCBS
The Five-Star Stories, a series of 1986 manga
Computer games
SSI's Five-Star series of wargames, of which Panzer General was the first
Businesses and organisations
Politics
Five-Star Movement, a political party in Italy
Businesses
5Star, a British digital television channel
Five-Star Bank (disambiguation), several American commercial banks
Five-Star Bus Company, in the Philippines
Five-Star Publishing, the fiction imprint of Gale (publisher)
Five-Star brand school supplies, a division of ACCO Brands
Places
Five-Star Island, Bermuda
Five-Star Trail, a trail alongside the Southwestern Pennsylvania Railroad, U.S.
Sport
5-Star Wrestling, a Scottish professional wrestling company
Other uses
Five-star rank, a very senior military rank
5 Star (chocolate), a chocolate bar produced by Cadburys
See also
Five-pointed star
V Star (disambiguation)
Flag of China, also known as the Five-star Red Flag
"Five stars rise in the East" arm protector, an Eastern Han (25–220) to Western Jin (265–316) era brocade armband
Bukit Gelugor may refer to:
Bukit Gelugor
Bukit Gelugor (federal constituency), represented in the Dewan Rakyat
Bukit Gelugor (state constituency), formerly represented in the Penang State Legislative Assembly (1974–2004)
Harry Link (born John Harry Linkey, January 25, 1896, Philadelphia – July 5, 1956, New York City) was an American vaudeville actor and songwriter. He wrote and co-wrote several well-known jazz standards.
Career
Link studied at the Wharton School of Business but was already publishing songs by his late teens; in 1914, he co-wrote "Along Came Ruth" with Irving Berlin. He attempted a career in acting, appearing in the 1916 film The Masked Rider, but had little luck and soon gave it up for a sustained career in music publishing.
In 1929, he co-wrote "I've Got a Feeling I'm Falling" with Billy Rose and Fats Waller. Waller turned the song into a hit; Louis Armstrong recorded the tune, as did many others. Link and Waller also co-wrote "Gone" with Andy Razaf and "I Hate to Leave You Now" with Dorothy Dick (née Dorothy Dickenshied; 1895–1986), whom Link married in 1916 in Philadelphia. Armstrong also recorded a version of "I Hate to Leave You Now".
Link and Dick went on to collaborate extensively. Among their songwriting credits (often in tandem with other writers) are "By My Side", "Until We Meet Again Sweetheart", and "Peelin' the Peach". He wrote music for Blondie of the Follies in 1932. In 1936 he wrote "These Foolish Things" along with Jack Strachey and Eric Maschwitz, which became one of the year's biggest numbers; hit versions include one by Benny Goodman and another by Teddy Wilson and Billie Holiday.
After 1937 Link concentrated on the business end of the publishing industry.
References
[ Harry Link] at Allmusic
1896 births
1956 deaths
Songwriters from Pennsylvania
Musicians from Philadelphia
20th-century American musicians
Zaki al-Ghul (Arabic: زكي الغول; born 1926 – 28 April 2019) was a Palestinian politician based in Jordan. Born in 1926 in Silwan neighbourhood, Jerusalem, he graduated from the Palestinian Institute of Law in 1948 and held a doctorate from John F. Kennedy University in 2006. Since 1999 he served as the titular mayor of East Jerusalem. Due to the forced shutting down of all councils related to the East Jerusalem municipal services by Israeli authorities, al-Ghul held what constitutes a purely formal position or title without any practical or real authority.
References
1926 births
2019 deaths
John F. Kennedy University alumni
Mayors of Jerusalem
Palestinian politicians
Politicians from Jerusalem
Jordanian people of Palestinian descent
Palestinian expatriates in Jordan
Burials at Sahab Cemetery
Events in the year 1828 in Bolivia.
Incumbents
President:
Antonio José de Sucre (until 18 April)
José María Pérez de Urdininea (acting: 18 April–2 August)
José Miguel de Velasco (acting: 2 August–18 December)
José Ramón de Loayza (acting: 18–26 December)
Pedro Blanco Soto (provisional: starting 26 December)
Vice President:
Vacant (until 26 December)
José Miguel de Velasco (designate: 12 August–18 December)
José Ramón de Loayza (designate: 18–26 December)
José Ramón de Loayza (provisional: starting 26 December)
Ongoing events
Peruvian–Bolivian War (1828)
Events
April
18 April – Military mutiny in Chuquisaca. President Antonio José de Sucre is wounded and delegates command to President of the Council of Ministers José María Pérez de Urdininea.
30 April – The revolt in Chuquisaca is quelled.
May
1 May – Peruvian–Bolivian War: Peruvian forces under Agustín Gamarra cross the Desaguadero River into Bolivia, seeking to expel Gran Colombian influence in the country.
July
6 July – Peruvian–Bolivian War: The Treaty of Piquiza is signed between Sucre and Gamarra. Gran Colombian troops are required to withdraw while Peruvian troops will remain for some time.
August
2 August – President Sucre presents his definitive resignation to Congress. Simultaneously, a new cabinet is appointed by decree, presided by José Miguel de Velasco.
12 August – Andrés de Santa Cruz and José Miguel de Velasco are elected provisional president and vice president by the General Constituent Congress. Velasco assumes command pending the arrival of Santa Cruz.
December
18 December – Given the continued absence of Santa Cruz, the Congress reconvenes and elects Pedro Blanco Soto and José Ramón de Loayza provisional president and vice president, in the framework of an assembly dominated by the interests of Agustín Gamarra and the Peruvian Army.
31 December – President Blanco is arrested by anti-Peruvian rebels.
Births
Deaths
30 April – José Miguel García Lanza, guerilla. (b. 1791)
Notes
Footnotes
Citations
Bibliography
1800s in Bolivia
Bolivia
Bolivia
Years of the 19th century in Bolivia
Eddie "Lockjaw Davis with Shirley Scott (also referred to as Moodsville Volume 4) is an album by saxophonist Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis with organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1960 and released on the Moodsville label.
Reception
AllMusic awarded the album 3 stars.
Track listing
"Serenade In Blue" (Mack Gordon, Harry Warren) - 4:14
"It Could Happen to You" (Johnny Burke, Jimmy Van Heusen) - 5:41
"What's New?" (Burke, Bob Haggart) - 3:52
"I Cover the Waterfront" (Johnny Green, Edward Heyman) - 5:34
"The Man I Love" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) - 4:18
"Smoke Gets in Your Eyes" (Otto Harbach, Jerome Kern) - 4:28
"The Very Thought of You" (Ray Noble) - 6:22
"Man With a Horn" (Eddie DeLange, Jack Jenney, Bonnie Lake) - 5:27
Personnel
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis - tenor saxophone
Shirley Scott - piano, no organ on this album
George Duvivier - bass
Arthur Edgehill - drums
References
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis albums
1960 albums
Albums produced by Esmond Edwards
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Moodsville Records albums
Shirley Scott albums
Andrew Russell may refer to:
Andrew Russell (Australian politician) (1808–1867), Australian politician and businessman
Andrew Russell (New Zealand politician) (1812–1900), British Army officer
Andrew J. Russell (1829–1902), American photographer
Sir Andrew Hamilton Russell (1868–1960), World War I New Zealand general
Andrew Russell, 15th Duke of Bedford (born 1962), English peer
Andrew Russell (Australian soldier) ( 1969–2002), Australian SAS soldier killed in Afghanistan
Andrew Russell (canoeist) (born 1983), Canadian canoeist
Andrew Russell (footballer) (born 1993), Scottish footballer
Andrew Russell (academic), British academic
Andrew Russell (baseball) (born 1984), Australian baseball pitcher
See also
Andy Russell (disambiguation)
Andrew Russel (1856–1934), American politician and banker in Illinois
Hashen Ramanayake (born 18 April 1995) is a Sri Lankan first-class cricketer. He was part of Sri Lanka's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
During the 2015 English cricket season, Ramanayake played for Highgate Cricket Club in the Middlesex County Cricket League. He had a prolific season with both bat and ball, helping Highgate achieve promotion to MCCL Division 2.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Cricketers from Colombo
Erigeron eximius is a North American species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae known by the common name spruce-fir fleabane.
Erigeron eximius is native to the western United States. It is found in alpine meadows and in openings in aspen and spruce/fir forests in Wyoming, Colorado, Utah, Arizona, New Mexico, and western Texas.
Erigeron eximius is a perennial herb up to 60 centimeters (2 feet) in height, spreading by means of underground rhizomes. Each stem can produce 1-15 flower heads, each with as many as 80 blue or lavender ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
eximius
Flora of the Western United States
Plants described in 1898
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The Brabham BT60 was the final series of Formula One racing cars built for the Brabham Formula One motor racing team. Designed by Sergio Rinland, they raced in the 1991 and 1992 Formula One World Championships. The car brought to a close Brabham's 30 years of construction of purpose-built racing cars, which began with Jack Brabham and Ron Tauranac and the Brabham BT1 Formula Junior design in 1961.
BT60Y
The first car, the BT60Y, was powered by the Yamaha OX99 V12 engine. It was driven by Martin Brundle, who was returning to Brabham and Formula One again after driving for Jaguar in the 1990 World Sportscar Championship. The team's second car was driven by Formula One rookie Mark Blundell.
Brabham only scored three points in 1991, with one 5th-place for Brundle, and Blundell scoring one 6th-place finish. The team finished 10th in the Constructors' Championship.
BT60B
For the 1992 Formula One season the team used a modified version of the car, dubbed the BT60B, which was powered by the Judd GV V10 engine. The cars were driven by Eric van de Poele from Belgium and Italian rookie Giovanna Amati. Part way through the year Amati was replaced by another Formula One rookie, future World Drivers' Champion Damon Hill. The BT60B was the last Formula One car produced by Brabham.
The season was a complete disaster for the once great Brabham team. After van de Poele qualified 26th and last and finished 13th (again last) at the opening race in South Africa, neither car qualified for a race until round nine, the 1992 British Grand Prix, where Hill qualified 26th.
Two races later the team had its last race meeting in Formula One, at the Hungarian Grand Prix, where Hill gave the team its highest finish of the season finishing 11th, some four laps down on race winner Ayrton Senna.
BT61
Brabham fell into administration and attempts were made by RM Motorsports to buy the team. During this time, the company engaged Galmer Engineering to build a successor for the BT60B. The BT61 would have competed in the season, but development of the car was never completed after RM Motorsport failed to name what engine would be used or pay Galmer Engineering for their work. The company never completed the purchase of the team and the team was eventually liquidated.
Complete Formula One results
(key)
References
Brabham Formula One cars
1991 Formula One season cars
1992 Formula One season cars
George Roy William McDonald (29 January 1883 – 28 July 1951) was an Australian politician.
Legal career
McDonald was born in Sydney, the son of mining engineer George McDonald and his wife Margaret McNamara. He was educated in public schools in the Parramatta district and became a deposition clerk in the Justice Department at Broken Hill in 1901. After transferral to the ministerial office in Sydney, his career as a clerk continued through appointments as Clerk of Petty Sessions at Goulburn, Albury and finally Bathurst. He resigned in 1908 and began a crown land and mining agency in Tamworth, acquiring a similar business in Sydney from 1911 to 1919.
McDonald was called to the Bar in 1927 and admitted as a solicitor in 1937, establishing his own firm. He was also vice-president of the NRMA in 1924 and continued to be involved with that body.
Political career
In 1910, McDonald was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Bingara. He remained as a Labor member until the State Conference of April 1916, when the conference censured the Labor Government over premier William Holman's failure to appoint Labor members to the Legislative Council. Holman's subsequent resignation as Labor leader and replacement with John Storey, and then the conference's reversal of opinion and reinstatement of Holman as leader, caused something of a farce. During this conference, McDonald resigned both as member for Bingara and from the Labor Party, winning re-election at a by-election as an Independent, after Liberal Leader Charles Wade arranged for no conservative opposition. By the 1917 state election, McDonald had joined the new Nationalist Party, and won election under that designation.
In 1920, McDonald's seat of Bingara was abolished, but he was immediately appointed to the Legislative Council, where he served until 1930 and was granted retention of the title "The Honourable" for life. McDonald resigned from the Legislative Council to stand as the Nationalist candidate for the Legislative Assembly seat of Barwon in 1930, but finished third behind Labor and the Country Party, attaining barely 10% of the primary vote. He was unsuccessful as an candidate at the 1937 Woollahra by-election, attaining 11% of the primary vote. McDonald was also unsuccessful as an candidate for the Australian Senate in 1931, and 1949, as well as the federal seats of Wentworth in 1940, and Gwydir in 1946.
Personal life
On 4 September 1923, McDonald married May Camille Dezarnaulds, with whom he had a single son. He died at Bellevue Hill on and was cremated in Woollahra.
According to Woollahra Council's 1921 rates book, McDonald owned two lots of land, each 50 feet wide and now known as 41 Drumalbyn Road, Bellevue Hill NSW, being Lots 1 & 2 of Section D, 3rd Subdivision of Cooper's Bellevue Hill – Bondi Estate, which was probably put to auction for the first time on 15 March 1919. His postal address (per the rates book) was 32 Elizabeth Street, Sydney. The UCV (Unimproved Capital value) and the ICV (Improved CV) were the same (implying vacant land) at 925 pounds for the years 1921, 1922 & 1923. The 1924 rates book records him as Geo R. Wm. McDonald (32 Elizabeth St) owning 41 Drumalbyn Road with UCV of 1200 pounds and also owning Lots 3 & 4 with a UCV of 400 pounds each. In 1927 the rates book records him as George Roy Wm. M.L.C. McDonald (appearing to have sold Lots 1 & 2) owning vacant land Lots 3 & 4 with a UCV of 950 pounds each with an address of Land Agency, 15 Castlereagh Street, Sydney. The rates book in years 1936 & 1937 has the (Hon.) George Roy William Mc Donald's address as 164 Phillip Street, Sydney.
References
1883 births
1951 deaths
Independent members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
20th-century Australian politicians
William Brent Unger (born October 15, 1995) is an American actor. He is known for playing Chase on the Disney XD series Lab Rats and Lab Rats: Elite Force. Credited as Billy Unger before 2016, starting with Lab Rats: Elite Force, he is credited as William Brent.
Personal life
Unger was born in Palm Beach County, Florida. He moved to Hollywood with his family in 2006.
Career
Since moving to LA, Unger has guest starred on Disney XD's Kickin' It, Disney Channel's Sonny with a Chance and A.N.T. Farm, and on No Ordinary Family, Ghost Whisperer, Hawthorne, Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles, Mental, Medium, Desperate Housewives, Cold Case, and Scrubs. He also made an appearance on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno.
Unger has appeared in the films National Treasure: Book of Secrets, You Again, Monster Mutt, Opposite Day, Jack and the Beanstalk, and Rock Slyde.
Beginning in 2012 he began starring as Chase, the youngest of the super-human bionic teens, in the Disney XD series Lab Rats. In 2016, he continued to play Chase on the Lab Rats spinoff series Lab Rats: Elite Force, now credited as William Brent.
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Male actors from Florida
American male child actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
American male video game actors
21st-century American male actors
People from Palm Beach County, Florida
The Südostbahn (German, literally meaning "South-Eastern Railway") – commonly abbreviated to SOB – is a Swiss adhesion railway company, and a network in Central and Eastern Switzerland. It resulted from the merger of the original SOB with the Bodensee–Toggenburg railway (BT) at the end of 2001.
The Schweizerische Südostbahn AG (Swiss South-Eastern Railway SA) is a small private railway jointly owned by the cantonal and federal governments as an Aktiengesellschaft (AG).
Network
The rail network of the Südostbahn (SOB) consists of that formerly owned by BT in northeast Switzerland (between Lake Constance and Toggenburg):
Romanshorn–St. Gallen St. Fiden line,
St. Gallen–Herisau–Degersheim–Wattwil line, and
(Wattwil–)Ebnat-Kappel–Krummenau–Nesslau-Neu Sankt Johann line,
and that previously owned by the original SOB in Central Switzerland:
Rapperswil–Pfäffikon SZ line,
Pfäffikon SZ–Freienbach SOB–Wollerau–Samstagern–Schindellegi-Feusisberg–Biberbrugg–Altmatt–Rothenthurm–Biberegg–Sattel-Aegeri–Steinerberg–Arth-Goldau line, and
Einsiedeln–Biberbrugg–Schindellegi-Feusisberg–Samstagern–Wädenswil line.
Since 2006, SOB also owns Wattwil station and the railway from Wattwil to Ebnat-Kappel, which until then belonged to SBB CFF FFS. The railway stations of Romanshorn, St. Gallen, and Pfäffikon SZ, and the railway tracks between St. Gallen St. Fiden–St. Gallen, Wattwil (except railway station)–Rapperswil, and Arth-Goldau–Luzern are owned by Swiss Federal Railways, but are used by SOB for its services.
In total, the SOB network measures , and comprises the following lines:
Romanshorn – St. Gallen St. Fiden ()
St. Gallen – Wattwil – Nesslau-Neu St. Johann ()
Rapperswil – Pfäffikon SZ (Seedamm) ()
Pfäffikon SZ – Arth-Goldau (, including common with Wädenswil–Einsiedeln)
Wädenswil – Einsiedeln ()
The adhesion railway network spreads over mountainous terrain, with a maximum slope of 50‰ (5 %) between Wädenswil/Pfäffikon SZ and Biberbrugg, and between Rothenthurm and Arth-Goldau. The lowest altitude on the SOB network is found at Romanshorn ( a.s.l.), and the highest at Biberegg ( a.s.l.), between Rothenthurm and Sattel-Aegeri. The highest elevation on the section between Nesslau-Neu St. Johann and St. Gallen is reached near Degersheim ( a.s.l.).
The network is mostly a single-track railway, with intermittent double-tracks ( in total) present in sections where trains cross regularly. The entire network is electrified since 1939.
Infrastructure
The direct connection from Bodensee via Zürichsee towards Vierwaldstättersee, which follows the Alpine foothills, was achieved by numerous civil engineering works. These consist of a series of viaducts and tunnels. Engineering structures account for one eighth of the total SOB rail network. They comprise:
177 bridges spanning a total of , and
19 tunnels through of mountains.
One of the viaducts, the high and long Sitter Viaduct (SOB) near St. Gallen Haggen, is the highest railway bridge in Switzerland. It is also the longest bridge on the SOB network and was built between 1908 and 1910. Other notable viaducts are the Glatttal Viaduct ( long, high) near Herisau station, and the Wissbach Viaduct ( long, high) between Degersheim and Schachen. Many bridges of the SOB network were constructed by BT.
The longest tunnel on the SOB network is the long Wasserfluh Tunnel between Brunnadern-Neckertal and Lichtensteig, with 10.4‰ grades. The tunnel was constructed between 1905 and 1910. The second longest tunnel is the Bruggwald Tunnel between St. Gallen St. Fiden and Wittenbach, having a length of and a slope of 12‰. It was built between 1907 and 1910. Most tunnels of the SOB network belonged to BT previously.
Rolling stock
In the 1990's, the former Südostbahn (SOB) ordered four two-piece NPZ (Neuer Pendelzug; English: "new commuter train") sets (RBDe 566 + ABt), which were delivered from the first production series in 1995, bearing numbers RBDe 566 400-403. Initially, the SOB opted not to convert any intermediate cars for use with these trainsets. Thus, the SOB DVTs differed from those of the SBB CFF FFS by the addition of a first class compartment. The motor coaches of the NPZ sets, however, were identical to those of SBB CFF FFS. The SOB later converted several intermediate cars to elongate their trainsets (three-/four-car sets).
The NPZ first class control cars (ABt) existed for the two types of RBDe 566 that SOB owned at that time (RBDe 566 071-076 ex BT and RBDe 566 077-080 ex original SOB of the type also used by SBB CFF FFS). Until 2019, nine second class control cars (BDt) were used for the Voralpen-Express sets with Re 456, Re 446 or Re 420 (the latter occasionally leased from SBB-CFF-FFS) locomotives. After the merger of the original SOB with BT, the four NPZ sets were repainted in 2003 in the livery of the new SOB, with the sides of the vehicles painted light and dark gray, and the nose and border between side and roof painted red. They operated throughout the SOB network as RBDe 566 077-080.
The NPZ sets were later replaced by Stadler FLIRT EMUs (four-car-sets), delivered between 2007 and 2013 (RABe 526 041-526 063). The latter were painted in the most recent SOB livery: silver, with red window band, and light gray doors. Additinal FLIRT-III four-car-sets were delivered between 2019 and 2021 (RABe 526 001-526 006). The FLIRT/FLIRT-III sets operate as S-Bahn service, but also as extenstion units during peak-hours on InterRegio lines, i.e., for the named trains Voralpen-Express/Treno Gottardo/Aare Linth, for which new copper-red painted "Traverso" eight-car EMU sets (RABe 526 101/201-526 117/217) started operations between 2019 and 2021. Some of the FLIRT/FLIRT-III sets are named after mountain peaks along SOB operated lines. The names are indicated near the ends of the trainsets.
Services
InterRegio
Südostbahn (SOB) operates InterRegio (IR) servces as named trains Voralpen-Express, Treno Gottardo, and Aare Linth. Since 2018, most InterRegio lines in Switzerland are numbered and color-coded for more clarity.
Voralpen-Express
From 1992 to 2013, Voralpen-Express (English: "Prealps Express") was jointly operated with the Swiss Federal Railways (SBB CFF FFS), and it continued as a regional train between St. Gallen and Romanshorn. It is since operated solely by SOB, and the trains turn around in St. Gallen. Between 2013 and 2019, Voralpen-Express ran under its own train category (VAE). It is now again classified as InterRegio (unnumbered) after it was briefly categorized as Panorama Express (PE). The name Voralpen-Express is still indicated on platform displays and mentioned during train departure anouncements at the platform.
Voralpen-Express: –
Luzern – – – – – – – – – – – – – St. Gallen
Voralpen-Express runs mainly on tracks of the SOB network but uses tracks owned by Swiss Federal Railways between Lucerne and Arth-Goldau, and between Rapperswil and Wattwil (including the long Ricken Tunnel on the Uznach–Wattwil line).
Treno Gottardo
Treno Gottardo (Italian for "Gotthard train") is jointly operated by SOB and SBB CFF FFS and runs entirely on the network owned by the latter. It connects the city of Locarno, in the Italian speaking part of Switzerland, alternately with the cities of Basel and Zurich, both located in the German speaking part of the country. Trains to/from Basel reverse direction at Lucerne (dead-end station). It was launched in December 2020, but trains turned around at Bellinzona until spring 2021 due to construction work between Bellinzona and Locarno at that time.
–
Basel SBB – – Luzern – Arth-Goldau – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – Locarno
–
Zürich HB – – Arth-Goldau – Schwyz – Brunnen – Flüelen – Erstfeld – Göschenen – Airolo – Ambri-Piotta – Faido – Lavorgo – Bodio TI – Biasca – Castione-Arbedo – Bellinzona – Cadenazzo – Tenero – Locarno
Treno Gottardo follows the scenic route of the Gotthard Railway. This "old route" crosses the Alps through the ca. long Gotthard Tunnel between Göschenen ( a.s.l.) and Airolo ( a.s.l.). It uses a series of spiral loops and horseshoe curves (partly in tunnels) to quickly gain altitude, or to lose altitude on the other side of the tunnel, respectively. All InterCity and EuroCity trains instead use the long Gotthard Base Tunnel since its opening in 2016.
Aare Linth
The named train Aare Linth was launched in December 2021. It connects Chur, the capital of Canton Grisons, with the Swiss capital of Bern. The trains reverse direction at Zurich mainstation (Zürich HB), which is a cul-de-sac. The train is named after the Aare and Linth rivers, which it follows/crosses on its journey. Aare Linth is operated by SOB in cooperation with SBB CFF FFS; it runs entirely on the Swiss Federal Railways network. Stadler "Traverso" trainsets operate on this InterRegio line except during rush hour, when higher-capacity rolling stock of SBB CFF FFS is used.
–
Bern – – – – – – Zürich HB – – – Pfäffikon SZ – – – – – – – Chur
S-Bahn
In addition, the Südostbahn (SOB) operates the following S-Bahn services in Central and Eastern Switzerland:
Lucerne S-Bahn:
– – – –
St. Gallen S-Bahn:
– – – – – – – (inversion of direction) – – – St. Gallen (Alpstein circle route, Alpsteinrundfahrt)
– Uznach – Ziegelbrücke – – ( – )
Zürich S-Bahn:
– Biberbrugg – – –
Einsiedeln – Biberbrugg – Schindellegi-Feusisberg – Samstagern – – – – – Rapperswil
Not formally part of an S-Bahn network:
Ziegelbrücke – – – – (March shuttle, operates only Monday–Friday during peak-hours)
External links
Voralpen-Express website
Treno Gottardo website
Aare Linth website
References
Railway companies of Switzerland
Transport in the canton of St. Gallen
Transport in the canton of Zürich
Canton of Schwyz
Pierre Feuga (16 October 1942 – 10 June 2008) was a French novelist, essayist and translator (from Sanskrit and Latin). A specialist of the Vedanta, the cults of Shakti and tantrism, he also taught yoga for twenty-seven years.
Biography
Born in a family of artists and travelers, Pierre Feuga also made long trips around the world. He won the Concours général of literature at age sixteen while he was a pupil at Lycée Louis-le-Grand in Paris.
Although Feuga did not recognize any master, he nevertheless was very influenced by Patrick Le Bail then Jean Klein with whom he studied the Vedanta and the Hatha-Yoga in the tradition of Jammu-Kashmir.
After a long sailing trip that led him to New Caledonia (where he gave his first yoga classes), he settled in Paris and taught there until his death on 10 June 2008.
At the same time, he undertook a series of works on the Tantric universe as well as on awakening. Publishing in particular with Dangles and Albin Michel, he was entrusted in 1998 with the drafting of the Que sais-je? devoted to yoga (#643) in collaboration with Tara Michaël.
In 2004 he became the literary editor of the Almora editions.
He was also a member of the editorial board of the journal .
Publications
1963: Cracher dans la mer, novel, Éditions Julliard
1965: La Galère en bois de rose, novel, Robert Laffont
1988: Cent douze méditations tantriques, the "Vijñâna-Bhairava", translation from Sanskrit and commentary, Accarias/L'Originel,
1989: Cinq visages de la Déesse, Le Mail/Le Rocher,
1989: Liber de Catulle, translation from Latin, Orphée/La Différence
1990: Les Trophées, José-Maria de Heredia, choice and presentation, Orphée/La Différence
1990: Le bonheur est de ce monde, Accarias-L'Originel,
1992: Satires de Juvénal, translation from Latin, Orphée/La Différence
1992: L'Art de la concentration, Albin Michel, series "Espaces libres", n°32,
1994: Tantrisme, Dangles,
1998: Le Yoga, in collaboration with Tara Michaël, PUF, series Que sais-je ?, n°643
2004: Comme un cercle de feu, translation from Sanskrit and commentaries of the Mândûkya-upanishad and the Kârikâ by Gaudapâda, Accarias-L'Originel,
2005: Pour l'Éveil, Almora,
2008: Le Chemin des flammes, Almora,
2008: Le Miroir du vent, novel, Almora,
2010: Fragments tantriques, Almora, (posthumous collection of articles and chronicles),
References
External links
Pierre Feuga's website
Pierre Feuga on Babelio
Dormir dans les postures ? par Pierre Feuga
Interview with Pierre Feuga (9 October 2012)
Lycée Louis-le-Grand alumni
20th-century French writers
21st-century French writers
20th-century French essayists
21st-century French essayists
French Indologists
Translators from Sanskrit
Translators to French
Prix Fénéon winners
People from Gers
1942 births
2008 deaths
20th-century translators
The Leighton Buzzard Light Railway (LBLR) is a light railway in Leighton Buzzard in Bedfordshire, England. It operates on narrow-gauge track and is just under long. The line was built after the First World War to serve sand quarries north of the town. In the late 1960s the quarries switched to road transport and the railway was taken over by volunteers, who now run the line as a heritage railway.
History
Sand extraction
A bed of Lower Cretaceous sand across Bedfordshire has been quarried on a small scale for centuries. The most significant occur around Leighton Buzzard. In the 19th century sand was carried by horse carts from quarries south of the town to be shipped on the Dunstable-Leighton Buzzard railway. The carts damaged roads and resulted in claims for compensation against the quarry owners from Bedfordshire County Council. At the end of the century steam wagons were introduced which increased the damage to roads.
The outbreak of the First World War cut off supplies of foundry sand from Belgium. Sand was needed for ammunition factories and new sources were sought. Leighton Buzzard sands proved well suited and production increased. After 1919 the quarry companies were told they could no longer transport sand by roads, so a private industrial railway was proposed to take the traffic.
The original railway
Leighton Buzzard Light Railway opened on Thursday 20 November 1919, linking the sand quarries (Double Arches at the far end of the line) with the mainline railway south of the town at Grovebury sidings. The line was built using surplus equipment from the War Department Light Railways. The railway was built to a gauge of and laid using mostly rail. The line opened using steam traction by two Hudswell Clarke 0-6-0 side tank steam locomotives. These proved inappropriate for the tightly-curved line and the steam locomotives were sold in 1921. From that point the railway was run using internal combustion, almost exclusively the products of the Motor Rail company. It was one of the first railways in Britain entirely operated by internal combustion.
After the Second World War sand traffic returned to the roads. In 1953 a strike on mainline railways pushed more traffic onto the roads. By the mid-1960s only one sand quarry, Arnold's, still used the light railway. The BR line to Dunstable was closed in 1965, apart from a short stretch from Leighton Buzzard to Grovebury interchange sidings, which survived until 1969.
The preservation era
In 1968 the line was more lightly used and volunteers under the name of "The Iron Horse Railway Preservation Society" took over the line on weekends to run the first formal passenger services on the line. Part of the agreement between the railway and the volunteers was that volunteers would repair the permanent way. This was undertaken, the group having purchased secondhand rolling stock and four Simplex diesels from the St Albans Sand and Gravel company, which were dismantled and formed into one machine. The last sand train ran on the main line in 1969, although several quarries continued to use the lines within their quarries. These were eventually replaced by roads and conveyor belts and the last internal quarry line was abandoned in 1981. Today the line is run purely as a heritage railway.
A large collection of steam and internal combustion locomotives run on the line. Visitors can ride the train and are issued with an Edmondson ticket. There is a collection of industrial railway locomotives at Stonehenge Works towards the northern end of the line.
The railway is promoted by the Campaign to Protect Rural England.
The route
The line is unusual as it runs mostly through modern housing built since the 1970s, although the last half mile runs through countryside. There are open level crossings for which trains stop.
The railway began at Grovebury Sidings, where sand trains unloaded into washers and the sand was shipped to standard-gauge trains on the Dunstable branch or to road. The sidings and industrial plant at Grovebury were replaced with an industrial estate in the early 1970s.
Trains from Grovebury crossed Billington Road by a level crossing and worked up a steep grade to Page's Park. Here a branch line south connected to the line's main engineering workshop and the Pratt's Pit quarry. In 2006 Page's Park forms the southern terminus of the heritage railway.
From Page's Park the line curves north towards a summit at Red Barn. From there it descends at 1 in 60 (1.7%) before climbing again to cross Stanbridge Road. On the left is the site of Marley's Tile Works, now a housing estate, which was connected to the railway for most of its existence. The line descends Marley's Bank at a maximum of 1 in 25 (4%). Loaded sand trains to Grovebury Sidings often needed a banking locomotive.
At the bottom of Marley's Bank the line turns sharply north and runs along the level to Leedon Loop. The line here passes through housing. After Leedon, the railway crosses Hockliffe Road and crosses the Clipstone Brook and begins to climb again on a 1 in 50 (2%) gradient to cross Vandyke Road.
Immediately after crossing Vandyke Road the line curves 90 degrees to Vandyke Junction where there was a passing loop. Here the branch line from Chamberlain's Barn and New Trees quarries joined the main line. A short section of this branch remains intact although heritage trains do not use it. The railway then runs parallel to Vandyke Road, climbing steadily to Bryan's Loop then descending again to cross the Shenley Hill Road. The line levels and continues to Stonehenge Works now the engineering workshop of the preserved railway. This is also the northern terminus of modern operations.
From Stonehenge the line continues northwards with a of double track, climbing towards the two Double Arches sand quarries, owned by Joseph Arnold and George Garside.
Preserved locomotives
These are the locomotives on the preserved railway. All are gauge nominally, except where noted.
Steam locomotives
Internal combustion locomotives
Electric Locomotives
Previous resident locomotives
Visiting locomotives
Notable visitors
On 22 June 2013, John Travolta visited the railway with his son Benjamin.
See also
British narrow-gauge railways
References
External links
Leighton Buzzard Narrow Gauge Railway website
https://web.archive.org/web/20160110092408/http://www.gertrude1578.co.uk/
http://www.railworld.net
Heritage railways in Bedfordshire
2 ft gauge railways in England
Industrial railways in England
Leighton Buzzard
Greg Lasker (born September 28, 1964 in Conway, Arkansas) is a former American football defensive back who played three seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the New York Giants, Chicago Bears, and Phoenix Cardinals.
Lasker was a starting safety at the University of Arkansas before being drafted into the NFL Draft in 1986. He was named to the Arkansas 1980–1989 All-Decade Team. He played high school football at Conway High School.
Greg is now a General Contractor and is the owner of "Lifestyle Homes by Greg Lasker" in Conway Arkansas.
https://www.laskerlifestyle.com/
References
1964 births
Living people
Players of American football from St. Louis
American football defensive backs
Arkansas Razorbacks football players
Chicago Bears players
New York Giants players
Phoenix Cardinals players
Titanic is a one-act play written by Christopher Durang. The play was initially presented at the Yale School of Drama in 1974.
Overview
The play takes place on the RMS Titanic, called an "outrageous tale of sex and seduction aboard the titular ship" by Jackson R. Bryer (professor of English at the University of Maryland) and Mary C. Hartig.
Productions
The play was presented in a workshop in 1973 at the American Place Theatre. It was then performed at the Yale School of Drama, Yale Experimental Theatre, in May 1974. Directed by Peter Mark Shifter, the cast featured Kate McGregor Stewart as Victoria Tammurai, Kenneth Ryan as Richard Tammurai, Joel Polis as Teddy Tammurai (their son), Christine Estabrook as Lidia, Robert Nersesian as The Captain, and Richard Bey as Higgins (the sailor).
The play premiered at the Direct Theatre in New York City in February 1976. Directed by Shifter, the cast featured Stewart, Stefan Hartman as Richard Tammurai, Richard Peterson as Teddy Tammurai, Sigourney Weaver as Lidia, Jeff Brooks as The Captain, and Ralph Redpath as the sailor.
David Dukes was set to play the part of Richard Tammurai, but left before rehearsals ended to replace John Wood in the Broadway play Travesties.
Titanic premiered Off-Broadway at the Van Dam Theater, running from May 10, 1976, to May 16, 1976. The director and cast were the same as in the Direct Theatre production.
Plot
Titanic opens in the Titanic's dining room, where the Tammurais (Richard, Victoria, and their son Teddy) are seated. Pondering why they haven't been seated at the captain's table, Richard suggests that the "snub" may be a result of Victoria's less-than-noble past growing up on a pig farm in Indiana. Victoria in turn announces that she wants a divorce and further reveals that Teddy is not Richard's natural son, which prompts Richard to claim that their unseen daughter Annabella is not Victoria's natural daughter. From here, there is a comedic blur between three characters: Annabella, Harriet Lindsey, and Lidia, the latter of whom is confusingly (but amusingly) the captain's daughter...or is she?
With Victoria and Richard at odds, Lidia—who keeps and feeds a variety of animals in her vagina—befriends Teddy and coerces him into non-consensual bondage scenarios. Meanwhile, Victoria begins a lurid affair with the passionate captain while Richard ravenously pursues and humiliates Higgins, a young sailor. On several occasions, it appears that the vessel has struck that fabled iceberg and is sinking (a fate Annabella, Harriet/Lidia desperately desires), but the sounds of catastrophe are always followed by an announcement that it was merely the captain's wife broadcasting from a sound effects record—a practical joke that ultimately prompts the captain to execute his wife. Following her funeral, the characters decide a wedding is in order—Victoria will marry Annabella/Harriet Lindsey, and Richard will marry Teddy (who he has by now begun to call Dorothy). In the final scene, we return to the Titanic's dining room where Teddy and Annabella/Harriet/Lidia exact deadly revenge on Richard and Victoria, just before it appears once more that the ship has struck an iceberg...but has it?
Notable actors who have appeared in Titanic
Christine Estabrook – Lidia
Richard Bey – Higgins, the Sailor
Sigourney Weaver – Lidia
Notes
References
Plays by Christopher Durang
1974 plays
RMS Titanic in fiction
Amar Sylla (born 1 October 2001) is a Senegalese professional basketball player who plays for Real Betis of the Liga ACB. He also plays for the Senegalese national under-18 team.
Early life and career
Sylla was born in Dakar, Senegal. Growing up, he preferred football but began playing basketball at the SEED Academy in Thiès because of his height. In 2015, after taking part in a basketball camp in Kébémer organized by NBA player Gorgui Dieng, Sylla moved to Spain to pursue the sport.
At Munich qualifiers for the 2019 Adidas Next Generation Tournament, Sylla averaged 14.5 points, 7.8 rebounds, and three blocks per game. He led the event in blocked shots and was named to the All-Tournament Team. In four games at the final tournament in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain, Sylla averaged 10.3 points, 8.5 rebounds, and 3.3 blocks per game. He helped the Real Madrid junior team win the championship.
Professional career
On 15 July 2019, Sylla signed with Filou Oostende of the Belgian Pro Basketball League (PBL) and European competition Basketball Champions League (BCL). He signed a three-year contract with an NBA opt-out clause. He played for the Orlando Magic in the 2021 NBA Summer League.
In August 2021, Sylla signed with Lithuanian club Nevėžis. He averaged 11.1 points and 7.7 rebounds over 30 games in the season. He played in the 2022 NBA Summer League with the Cleveland Cavaliers.
On 4 August 2022, he signed a one-year contract with Real Betis of the Spanish Liga ACB.
National team career
Sylla played for the Senegalese national under-18 team at the 2018 FIBA Under-18 African Championship in Bamako, Mali, including in the qualifiers. In seven games, he averaged 13.4 points, 9.4 rebounds, and 2.3 assists per game, leading Senegal to second place.
In February 2022, Sylla was selected for the Senegal national team to play in the qualifiers of the 2023 FIBA Basketball World Cup.
References
External links
Real Madrid profile
2001 births
Living people
Basketball players from Dakar
BC Nevėžis players
BC Oostende players
Centers (basketball)
Power forwards (basketball)
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in Belgium
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in Spain
Senegalese men's basketball players
Eddy Heurlié (born 27 December 1977 in Le Lamentin) is a Martiniquais former footballer who played for as goalkeeper.
International career
Heurlié represented Martinique at the CONCACAF Gold Cup in 2002 and 2003.
External links
1977 births
Living people
People from Le Lamentin
Martiniquais footballers
Martinique international footballers
French footballers
Association football goalkeepers
ES Troyes AC players
2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2003 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
US Raon-l'Étape players
Aiglon du Lamentin players
Alexai Point Army Airfield is an abandoned World War II airfield with two runways laid across Alexai Point on Attu Island, Alaska. The remains of the Seabee built airbase are located about 4 miles east of the closed Casco Cove Coast Guard Station, directly across Massacre Bay.
History
On the morning of 11 May 1943, American forces went ashore on Japanese-occupied Attu in the Aleutian Islands. The Japanese, who knew the Americans were coming, had pulled back from their shoreline positions and moved to defensive positions on higher ground above the fog.
On 30 May 1943, before the battle for Attu was completely over, the building of Alexai Point Airfield was initiated using Marsden Matting to pave the runways. Navy Seabees also began construction of an airfield at Casco Cove for Naval Air units. Also, on 28 May, a small detachment of Alaskan Scouts began reconnaissance of Shemya, a small, flat, uninhabited island 35 miles to the east of Attu. The following day, Army Engineers came ashore on Shemya to begin construction of another, much longer runway suitable for bombers.
The first landing at Alexai Point Airfield was made by an Eleventh Air Force C-47 arriving on 8 June 1943 to deliver fighter crews to Alexai Point, and to evacuate wounded soldiers. Shortly afterwards, P-40 Warhawks from the 344th Fighter Squadron arrived to provide air cover over the island.
USAAF units assigned to Alexai Point Army Airfield were:
18th Fighter Squadron, March 28, 1944 – November 6, 1945 (P-38 Lightning)
54th Fighter Squadron, November 20, 1943- March 8, 1946 (P-38 Lightning)
344th Fighter Squadron, June 12 - December 1943 (P-40 Warhawk)
77th Bombardment Squadron, July–September 1943; Feb 11, 1944-October 19, 1945 (B-25 Mitchell, B-26 Marauder)
Initially used for carrying out bombardment operations over Kiska Island during June and July 1943, Alexai Point and the new Shemya Army Airfield became forward bases for operations against the Kurile Islands of northern Japan, after the end of the Aleutian Islands Campaign in late August. Alexai Point became home of very long-range (VLR) P-38 Lightning squadrons, providing fighter escort for B-24 Liberators bombers based at Shemya. By mid-July fighters from Alexai Point Airfield had made their first strike against Japan, a raid against the northern Kuril Islands.
With the end of the war in 1945, combat units were gradually withdrawn; the 11th Weather Squadron and the 713th Air Warning Radar Squadron remained until June 1946 when the base was closed. The facility was abandoned, with most structures dismantled, the usable buildings being reassembled at Naval Air Station Attu.
Today many revetments, roads, anti-aircraft gun emplacements and the remains of the runways and taxiways remain, abandoned for almost seventy years.
Accidents and incidents
On January 1, 1945, 2nd Lt. Robert L. Nesmith flying from Alexai Point, crashed his Lockheed P-38G-10-LO Lightning in Temnac Valley, just west of Attu Station while on a low-level training mission over Attu. The aircraft was nominated to be added to the National Register of Historic Places but instead was recovered in 1999 and static-restored for display at Elmendorf AFB.
See also
Alaska World War II Army Airfields
References
Maurer, Maurer (1983). Air Force Combat Units Of World War II. Maxwell AFB, Alabama: Office of Air Force History. .
External links
Image of a sign "Welcome to Alexai Point, Unincorporated, The Home of the Army's Northwestern-Most Airfield."
Image of a sign "Good Bye You Are Now Leaving Alexai Point Hurry Back."
Photos taken during 1944 at Alexai Point.
Aleutian Islands campaign
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in Alaska
Airports in the Aleutians West Census Area, Alaska
Military installations closed in 1946
1943 establishments in Alaska
1946 disestablishments in Alaska
Attu Island
Balaci is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Balaci, Burdeni and Tecuci.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Nang Rong Waterfall () is a waterfall in Thailand, located in the forest of Tambon Hin Tang, Amphoe Mueang Nakhon Nayok, Nakhon Nayok Province, central region considered to be a part of the great Khao Yai National Park.
Nang Rong is a multi-tiered waterfall plunges down to several rock formations below, and then flows into the lush surrounding forests. In each floor, there is a big and small basin to receive the water that flows down. It is appropriate for playing in the water and visitors can choose where to play in various spots. But in the rainy season, the water flow from here is very rapid. Visitors should be cautious while playing in the water. In addition, there is a bridge that is a viewpoint of the waterfall with walking distance up to 200 m (656 ft) uphill. The arrangement inside is orderly and clean with accommodations with there are restaurants and homestays to accommodate visitors.
Nang Rong Waterfall is about 20 km (12.43 mi) from the city of Nakhon Nayok include not far from Bangkok, causing it one of the most popular tourist attractions. It also has several beautiful waterfalls nearby, for example Sarika and Wang Takhrai etc.
References
Waterfalls of Thailand
Tourist attractions in Nakhon Nayok province
In mathematics, the Anger function, introduced by , is a function defined as
and is closely related to Bessel functions.
The Weber function (also known as Lommel–Weber function), introduced by , is a closely related function defined by
and is closely related to Bessel functions of the second kind.
Relation between Weber and Anger functions
The Anger and Weber functions are related by
so in particular if ν is not an integer they can be expressed as linear combinations of each other. If ν is an integer then Anger functions Jν are the same as Bessel functions Jν, and Weber functions can be expressed as finite linear combinations of Struve functions.
Power series expansion
The Anger function has the power series expansion
While the Weber function has the power series expansion
Differential equations
The Anger and Weber functions are solutions of inhomogeneous forms of Bessel's equation
More precisely, the Anger functions satisfy the equation
and the Weber functions satisfy the equation
Recurrence relations
The Anger function satisfies this inhomogeneous form of recurrence relation
While the Weber function satisfies this inhomogeneous form of recurrence relation
Delay differential equations
The Anger and Weber functions satisfy these homogeneous forms of delay differential equations
The Anger and Weber functions also satisfy these inhomogeneous forms of delay differential equations
References
C.T. Anger, Neueste Schr. d. Naturf. d. Ges. i. Danzig, 5 (1855) pp. 1–29
G.N. Watson, "A treatise on the theory of Bessel functions", 1–2, Cambridge Univ. Press (1952)
H.F. Weber, Zurich Vierteljahresschrift, 24 (1879) pp. 33–76
Special functions
In six-dimensional geometry, a rectified 6-simplex is a convex uniform 6-polytope, being a rectification of the regular 6-simplex.
There are three unique degrees of rectifications, including the zeroth, the 6-simplex itself. Vertices of the rectified 6-simplex are located at the edge-centers of the 6-simplex. Vertices of the birectified 6-simplex are located in the triangular face centers of the 6-simplex.
Rectified 6-simplex
E. L. Elte identified it in 1912 as a semiregular polytope, labeling it as S. It is also called 04,1 for its branching Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, shown as .
Alternate names
Rectified heptapeton (Acronym: ril) (Jonathan Bowers)
Coordinates
The vertices of the rectified 6-simplex can be most simply positioned in 7-space as permutations of (0,0,0,0,0,1,1). This construction is based on facets of the rectified 7-orthoplex.
Images
Birectified 6-simplex
E. L. Elte identified it in 1912 as a semiregular polytope, labeling it as S. It is also called 03,2 for its branching Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, shown as .
Alternate names
Birectified heptapeton (Acronym: bril) (Jonathan Bowers)
Coordinates
The vertices of the birectified 6-simplex can be most simply positioned in 7-space as permutations of (0,0,0,0,1,1,1). This construction is based on facets of the birectified 7-orthoplex.
Images
Related uniform 6-polytopes
The rectified 6-simplex polytope is the vertex figure of the 7-demicube, and the edge figure of the uniform 241 polytope.
These polytopes are a part of 35 uniform 6-polytopes based on the [3,3,3,3,3] Coxeter group, all shown here in A6 Coxeter plane orthographic projections.
Notes
References
H.S.M. Coxeter:
H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular Polytopes, 3rd Edition, Dover New York, 1973
Kaleidoscopes: Selected Writings of H.S.M. Coxeter, edited by F. Arthur Sherk, Peter McMullen, Anthony C. Thompson, Asia Ivic Weiss, Wiley-Interscience Publication, 1995,
(Paper 22) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi Regular Polytopes I, [Math. Zeit. 46 (1940) 380-407, MR 2,10]
(Paper 23) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes II, [Math. Zeit. 188 (1985) 559-591]
(Paper 24) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes III, [Math. Zeit. 200 (1988) 3-45]
Norman Johnson Uniform Polytopes, Manuscript (1991)
N.W. Johnson: The Theory of Uniform Polytopes and Honeycombs, Ph.D.
o3x3o3o3o3o - ril, o3x3o3o3o3o - bril
External links
Polytopes of Various Dimensions
Multi-dimensional Glossary
6-polytopes
Suleh (, also Romanized as Sūleh) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 99, in 23 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Turning the Tables: Restaurants and the Rise of the American Middle Class, 1880–1920 is a 2011 book by Andrew P. Haley, an assistant professor of American cultural history at the University of Southern Mississippi.
Awards
Turning the Tables won the 2012 James Beard Award in the Reference and Scholarship category. It was also a finalist for the 2012 International Association of Culinary Professionals Book Award in Culinary History.
References
2011 non-fiction books
Books about economic history
Books about food and drink
English-language books
University of North Carolina Press books
The 1947 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State College (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1947 college football season. In its first season under head coach Ralph Hatley, the team compiled a 6–2–1 record and outscored opponents by a total of 238 to 60. Fred Medling was the team captain. The team played its home games at Crump Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Carenum tinctilatum (digger carab beetle) is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Newman in 1838. It is found in Australia.
References
tinctilatum
Beetles described in 1838
Bernice Metesh (born August 9, 1929) was an outfielder and pitcher who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Listed at 5' 6, 132 lb., Metesh batted and threw right handed. She was dubbed 'Bernie' by her teammates.
Born in Joliet, Illinois, Metesh joined the All-American League in its 1948 season. She was assigned to the Rockford Peaches and was traded to the South Bend Blue Sox during the midseason. In a three-game career, Metesh went hitless in two at-bats and did not have a pitching record. Afterwards, she returned to Joliet and pitched for an all-male fastpitch softball team.
In 1988 was inaugurated a permanent display at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum at Cooperstown, New York, that honors those who were part of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Bernie Metesh along with the rest of the girls and the league staff, is included at the display/exhibit.
Sources
1929 births
Possibly living people
All-American Girls Professional Baseball League players
Baseball players from Illinois
Sportspeople from Joliet, Illinois
Henriciella pelagia is a Gram-negative, aerobic, short-rod-shaped and motile bacterium from the genus of Henriciella which has been isolated from seawater from the Eastern Pacific Ocean.
References
Caulobacterales
Bacteria described in 2017
Areti Teza (; born April 3, 1980 in Athens, Greece) is a female professional volleyball player from Greece, who was a member of the Greece women's national volleyball team. At club level, she played for Greek powerhouse Olympiacos Piraeus from 2012 to 2017 and she currently plays for Artemis Korydallou.
Sporting achievements
European Honours
CEV Women's Challenge Cup
Runner-up: 2017 with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
National championships
2003/2004 Hellenic Championship, with FO Vrilissia
2012/2013 Hellenic Championship, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
2013/2014 Hellenic Championship, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
2014/2015 Hellenic Championship, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
2015/2016 Hellenic Championship, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
2016/2017 Hellenic Championship, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
National cups
2002/2003 Hellenic Cup, with FO Vrilissia
2003/2004 Hellenic Cup, with FO Vrilissia
2012/2013 Hellenic Cup, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
2013/2014 Hellenic Cup, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
2014/2015 Hellenic Cup, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
2015/2016 Hellenic Cup, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
2016/2017 Hellenic Cup, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
References
External links
profile at greekvolley.gr
profile at CEV web site at cev.lu
Olympiacos Women's Volleyball team roster at CEV web site
1980 births
Living people
Olympiacos Women's Volleyball players
Greek women's volleyball players
Volleyball players from Athens
Francisco Rotllán Zavala (born January 6, 1970) is a Mexican former footballer who played as a forward. He began his career at Irapuato, moving to Puebla in 1991. He made 15 appearances as Puebla reached the final in the 1991–92 season before losing to León. Rotllán scored 10 times the next season, but played progressively less in the following years. He played his last top-division match with Puebla in 1997.
He was a member of the Mexico under-23 national team in the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. Rotllán started all three of Mexico's matches in the Olympics, scoring against Denmark and Ghana.
References
1970 births
Living people
Footballers from Guanajuato
People from Irapuato
Irapuato F.C. footballers
Association football forwards
Olympic footballers of Mexico
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Mexican footballers
The 22nd Vietnam Film Festival was held from November 18 to November 20, 2021, in Huế City, Thừa Thiên Huế Province, Vietnam, with the slogan "Building a Vietnamese film industry rich in national identity, modern and humane" (Vietnamese: "Xây dựng nền công nghiệp điện ảnh Việt Nam giàu bản sắc dân tộc, hiện đại và nhân văn"). It was originally scheduled to be held in September 2021 but had to be moved to November due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Event
The 22nd Vietnam Film Festival is a national art and culture event to celebrate the country's major holidays in 2021, especially implementing the Resolution of the 13th Party Congress. This is also an opportunity for artists and filmmakers to continue implementing the approved project to build and promote the national brand of the Vietnam Film Festival in the 2021-2030 period.
This year, for the first time, the festival has two more awards besides the usual award system: Best First Film Director and Best Visual Effects.
In the end, 4 Golden Lotus award were given to films in categories: feature film, documentary film, science film and animated film.
Participation
Films for the contest include feature films, documentaries, animated films, and science films, licensed for distribution from September 11, 2019, to August 10, 2021. Films participating in the festival must be Vietnamese-language films, produced by Vietnamese film establishments or in cooperation with foreign organizations and individuals, without copyright disputes.
In addition, films participating in this festival must be works that have not yet attended the 21st Vietnam Film Festival and the National Television Festival, and do not violate the Intellectual Property Law and related regulations. Remake films (based on scripts, foreign films) can register to attend the festival's programs. In case the film is selected for the contest round, individual awards for director, actor, painter, cinematographer, sound and music will be considered.
The organizers do not award awards to remake movies and screenplay writers. The last date to receive applications to attend the Festival is August 15. The last date to receive the film is September 20.
From 141 films submitted for participation, the Organizing Committee selected 128 films from 48 units, including: 26 feature films, 56 documentaries, 15 scientific films, and 31 animated films. In which, 17 feature films, 37 documentaries, 15 scientific films, 23 animated films will participate in the Competition Program, the rest will be under the Panorama Program.
Juries
The jury panels of the 21st Vietnam Film Festival were announced on November 18.
The Feature Film jury consists of 9 members:
Director Nguyễn Vinh Sơn (Head)
Composer Đỗ Trường An
Director, Cinematographer Phạm Việt Thanh
Director Lương Đình Dũng
Screenwriter, Producer Nguyễn Thị Hồng Ngát
Actress, Producer Trương Ngọc Ánh
Director Lý Minh Thắng
Art Designer Phạm Quốc Trung
Journalist Trần Hữu Việt
The Documentary & Science Film jury consists of 7 members:
Director Lê Hồng Chương (Head)
The Animated Film jury consists of 5 members:
Director, Animator Nguyễn Thị Phương Hoa (Head)
Composer Giáng Son
Activities
Due to the impact of the COVID-19 epidemic, although there are still some activities held in person, most of the programs to interact with the audience and show introductory films within the framework of the film festival are in online form.
Feature films participating in the film festival that are screened in the program "Welcome to the 22nd Vietnam Film Festival" will be broadcast on the digital platform VTVGo (for movies that are allowed to be shown online) from November 10 to November 16.
From November 14 to 20, Huế audiences can watch movies, with the condition that they comply with the 5K distancing regulations, at 4 cinemas as follows:
Đông Ba cinema (187 Trần Hưng Đạo street)
BHD Cineplex (Vincom Plaza, 50A Hùng Vương street)
Cine Star (25 Hai Bà Trưng street)
Lotte Cinema (4th floor, BigC Huế Building, 181 Bà Triệu street)
The films were also broadcast on the digital platform VTVGo (for movies that are allowed to be shown online).
The opening and closing ceremonies of this year's film festival were shortened. The opening and press conference ceremony was incorporated in the press conference, taking place at Silk Path Hotel, Huế city and 9 am on November 18, 2021. The announcement and award ceremony of the Film Festival took place at Song Huong Theater, inside the Huế Academy of Music, and was broadcast live at 20:10 on November 20, 2021 on VTV1 channel Vietnam Television, Thừa Thiên-Huế Radio and Television Station and on VTVGo platform.
The festival also includes many side programs:
Exhibition "Thua Thien-Hue - Destination of filmmakers" (Vietnamese: "Thừa Thiên-Huế - Điểm đến của các nhà làm phim"), hosted by the Vietnam Film Institute
Exhibition "The Heritage and You" (Vietnamese: "Di sản và Bạn"), hosted by the Department of Tourism of Thừa Thiên-Huế province, held both offline and online, at Huế Academy of Music and Điềm Phùng Thị Art Space
Ao dai show "Ao Dai with Cinema" took place on the evening of November 18 in the campus of Huế Academy of Music
The tour "Discover the film set in Hue with the five-body ao dai" (Vietnamese: "Khám phá bối cảnh phim trường ở Huế cùng áo dài ngũ thân")
Official Selection
Feature film
In Competition
Highlighted title indicates Golden Lotus winner.
Panorama Program
There were 9 films officially selected for this program but later, 2 of them withdrew. Award for the most favorite film voted by the audience was not presented this year.
Awards
Feature film
Documentary/Science film
Documentary film
Science film
Animated film
Notes
References
Vietnam Film Festival
Vietnam Film Festival
Vietnam Film Festival
2021 in Vietnam
November 2021 events in Vietnam
James Stewart House may refer to:
James Stewart Jr. House, Christina, Delaware, listed on the NRHP in New Castle County, Delaware
James Stewart House (Glasgow, Delaware), listed on the NRHP in New Castle County, Delaware
Dr. James A. Stewart House, Portal, Georgia, listed on the NRHP in Bulloch County, Georgia
James Stewart House (Lexington, South Carolina), listed on the NRHP, in Lexington County
Dr. James M. and Dove Stewart House, Katy, Texas, listed on the NRHP in Harris County, Texas
See also
Stewart House (disambiguation)
Jeff Vande Zande is an American writer who is best known for his novel called American Poet which won him the Stuart and Vernice Gross Literature Award. He is also a poet and an editor of the Driftwood Review with two of his poems being nominated twice for the Pushcart Prize in 1999. His poems and stories have appeared in such magazines as College English, Passages North and Whistling Shade. He currently teaches fiction writing and film at Delta College in Michigan.
Bibliography
<li>Emergency Stopping & Other Stories
<li>Into the Desperate Country
<li>Landscape with Fragmented Figures
<li>Threatened Species - A Novella and Five Stories
<li>American Poet
<li>Detroit Muscle
<li>The Neighborhood Division - Stories
References
American male poets
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
20th-century births
10603 wire is an electrical hook up wire that meets military specifications. The wire has come into high demand in recent years because of its exceptional features and widespread usability.
10603 wire is an HTXE military wire and meets Army Drawing 12293251. The hook up wire is a special purpose wire with double insulation. The wire is often used in ground vehicles and meets U.S. Army requirements for armored vehicles. 10603 wire has good fuel and oil resistance.
Often requested parts include 10603-10, 10603-8, 10603-4, 10603-2, 10603-1, 10603-0 and 10603-00.
Colors and color code designators for 10603 hooks up wire will usually be in accordance with MIL-STD-681, a standard that sets up identification coding systems for insulated hook up wire used in electrical equipment by the Departments of the Army, Navy and Air Force.
References
1. "MIL-STD-681D," ASSIST Quick Search.
Wire gauges
Standards of the United States
Barry Monaghan is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Four Masters and also, formerly, the Donegal county team.
Club
Monaghan won the Donegal Senior Football Championship with his club in 2003. He scored two points in the final against Termon.
Inter-county
Monaghan won the All-Ireland Vocational Schools Championship in 1995.
Monaghan made his Donegal debut in October 2000 in what was Mickey Moran's first game in charge, a league victory at home to Offaly, in which he scored a point.
He made his championship debut in 2001.
He played in the 2003 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship semi-final against Armagh.
He played in the 2006 Ulster Senior Football Championship Final at Croke Park. He was a member of the Donegal team that won the National Football League in 2007, playing from the start to the end in the final against Mayo.
In 2010, he announced he would take a break. He returned the following month.
A serious leg injury ended his career.
He also captained his county.
He is the son of Donal Monaghan, the Donegal All Star winner.
Honours
Donegal
National Football League Division 1: 2007
All-Ireland Vocational Schools Championship: 1995
Club
Donegal Senior Football Championship: 2003
References
External links
Barry Monaghan at gaainfo.com
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Donegal inter-county Gaelic footballers
Four Masters Gaelic footballers
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi is an American animated television series created by Sam Register for Cartoon Network. Produced by Renegade Animation and Cartoon Network Studios, the series stars fictionalized and animated versions of the Japanese pop rock group Puffy AmiYumi. The series premiered on November 19, 2004 and ended on June 27, 2006, with a total of three seasons and 39 episodes, leaving a total of 34 episodes aired and five episodes unaired in North America.
During its run, the series was nominated for an Annie Award three times. Merchandise based on the series has also been produced, such as video games, home media releases, toys, and clothing.
In March 2022, the entire series was made available on HBO Max in Latin America. An additional web page was made available in North America as well; however, it is currently inaccessible.
Premise
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi follows the adventures of two pop stars and best friends: Yumi Yoshimura (voiced by Grey DeLisle), a cynical, sarcastic, and grumpy tomboy and Ami Onuki (voiced by Janice Kawaye), a peppy, optimistic, and cheerful girly girl. Both are based on the real Japanese pop duo Puffy AmiYumi, but with different appearances and exaggerated personalities. They travel around the world on their customized tour bus along with their well-intentioned yet greedy manager Kaz Harada (voiced by Keone Young). From rocking out at a concert to hanging out in their hometown of Tokyo, the duo take the world by storm with their musical talent, trend-setting style, and humor, dishing out lessons in J-pop justice and establishing the international language of "cool" along the way.
Secondary characters include: Jang-Keng (voiced by Grey DeLisle) and Tekirai (voiced by Janice Kawaye), the duo's pet cats who enjoy tormenting Kaz; Harmony (voiced by Sandy Fox), a six-year-old girl who is the self-proclaimed "Number One Fan" of Puffy AmiYumi and (later) Kaz and constantly stalks them; Eldwin Blair (voiced by Nathan Carlson), a sinister land developer who tries to tear down beloved places for his own selfish needs; King Chad (voiced by Katie Leigh), a selfish "bad boy" who is a master of the card game Stu-Pi-Doh! (a parody of Yu-Gi-Oh!); the evil Talent Suckers (voiced by Nathan Carlson and Corey Burton), a vampire rock trio from Transylvania; and Atchan (voiced by Rob Paulsen), a caricature of Vo Atsushi (lead singer of the pop band New Rote'ka) who speaks in third-person and thinks he is a superhero.
The animated Puffy AmiYumi travel all over the world in their tour bus. While appearing the same size as a regular bus on the outside, it appears to have enough internal space to house the girls' rooms (including full-sized beds), Kaz's room, their equipment, televisions, and computers, among other things. In the episode "Domo", Kaz refers to an upstairs area. It also seems capable of running on autopilot, as Kaz, Ami, and Yumi are sometimes sitting in the rear cabin of the bus while traveling. Occasionally, the rear door has been opened to receive packages delivered by a boy on a scooter.
During the first season, the show included live-action clips of the real Ami and Yumi making childish commentary (in English and non-subtitled Japanese) at the beginning and end of each episode. They only performed short clips at the beginning of the show during the second and third seasons. Starting with the second season, the duo was sometimes shown holding title cards introducing the cartoon segments. At the end of the episode "Sitcomi Yumi", Ami and Yumi watched television and saw the animated Kaz with the real Ami and Yumi. All of the live-action clips were produced by Freegate, Ltd.
The real PUFFY performs the cartoon's theme song (which is also in Japanese, German, Spanish, and Portuguese in the respective countries), and many episodes feature one or more of the duo's songs playing in the background, along with music by Andy Sturmer.
Though the characters speak English, the script intersperses their vernacular with Japanese speech, especially when the characters react to events that they find to be surprising. Calling out "Tasukete!" instead of "Help!" is commonly used.
Voice cast
Janice Kawaye as Ami Onuki, Tekirai, News Reporter Additional Voices
Grey DeLisle as Yumi Yoshimura, Jang Keng, Fan Club President, Additional Voices
Keone Young as Kaz, Domo, Security Guard, Additional Voices
Rob Paulsen as Atchan, Dr. Mysto, Clyde Easy Glide, Additional Voices
Corey Burton as Nikolai, Scar Tissue, Road Kill Flash Backman, Additional Voices
Sandy Fox as Harmony
Nathan Carlson as Vladimir, Eldwin Blair, Pizza Guy, Emecee, Additional Voices
Katie Leigh as King Chad
Kimberly Brooks as Jill
Lara Jill Miller as Julie
Will Ryan as Farmer Zeke, Alien Banana #1, Wall, Rumaki, Old Camper 3, Wasabi, Sumo Wrestler, Muscle Bound Guy, Defensive End, Riptide's Coach
William Hanna as Jang-Keng (Tom and Jerry audio, "Small Stuff" only)
Production
Development
According to Register, the target audience of the show is boys and girls from 6 to 11 years old. However, it also has a cult following of teen and adult fans of the real-life Ami Onuki and Yumi Yoshimura who make up the Japanese pop duo Puffy AmiYumi. Register, who was a fan of the band, wished to spread its fame to other parts of the world and thus created the series.
The series features the adventures of animated versions of the duo, who have been immensely popular in Japan since making their debut, and is the second television show to be based on the band after Pa-Pa-Pa-Pa-Puffy, which aired in Japan from 1997 to 2002. The group now has its own U.S. albums, including a 2004 companion album to this program, and was known to viewers of Cartoon Network in the US for performing the theme to the Teen Titans animated series. During production of the series, DeLisle learned some Japanese from Kawaye and Young, both of whom speak the language fluently.
The cartoon was one of the few cartoons at the time produced entirely in the United States, with a number of characters designed by famed Canadian artist Lynne Naylor, who also designed characters for other Cartoon Network shows, including Samurai Jack, Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends, and The Powerpuff Girls, which got the show nominated for the coveted Annie Award. The pilot used a combination of Macromedia Flash and traditional cel animation. Each program was 30 minutes long (with commercials) and featured three seven-minute segments. The visual style of the show is anime-influenced. The show later switched to Flash animation once the show was picked up for a full series, due to traditional cel animation becoming too expensive to use.
The show takes inspiration from various works animated in Japan, such as Pokémon, Digimon, ThunderCats, and the Sunbow Productions animated series based on Hasbro properties. Other inspirations included old MGM and Warner Bros. cartoons, as well as Hanna-Barbera and Mirisch/UA cartoons, UPA shorts, and the works of Jay Ward. Some of the show's crew members included various writers from Nickelodeon's CatDog, including Steven Banks, Kit Boyce and Robert Lamoreaux. Prior to the show's release, Cartoon Network also released animated promos done by Klasky Csupo, the animation studio behind many Nickelodeon original shows, such as Rugrats, Aaahh!!! Real Monsters, The Wild Thornberrys, Rocket Power, As Told by Ginger, and All Grown Up!.
Sam Register originally pitched the idea of Puffy AmiYumi having their own television series on Cartoon Network, and afterwards, Renegade Animation developed a test short on April 22, 2003 in hopes of making the channel greenlight the show's production. Renegade Animation originally, at first, created other Cartoon Network pilots before Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi; two of which feature Captain Sturdy; one in 2001, entitled "Back in Action", and the other in 2003, entitled "The Originals", but they were ultimately rejected, and Renegade Animation then started working on Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi starting with its pilot on April 22, 2003. The pilot was not broadcast, but was initially successful, and got the green-light from Cartoon Network. Finally, it was shown in non-full version as a preview on Cartoon Network DVDs and VHS tapes. The entire pilot was found by series' director, Darrell Van Citters, and was uploaded to Vimeo on April 5, 2018. The series was officially announced at Cartoon Network's upfront on February 26, 2004. It was originally planned to premiere in December 2004, but was later pushed back to November 19.
Cancellation
On October 2, 2006, the show's crew announced on their blog that Cartoon Network had cancelled Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi after three seasons and 39 episodes due to management shakeup, leading Sam Register to leave the channel, until Register officially became the president of Cartoon Network Studios on August 28, 2020.
Appearances in other media
The show had been acknowledged and referenced several times, even outside of Cartoon Network themselves. These also come in the form of parodies, albeit rare.
A clip of the episode, "AmiYumi 3000", can be seen playing on a TV in the film Nancy Drew.
In 2012, Ami and Yumi appeared on Cartoon Network's 20th anniversary poster.
Yumi later made a cameo appearance in the OK K.O.! Let's Be Heroes special Crossover Nexus.
Ami and Yumi made a background appearance, within their poster in a TV pilot for Villainous.
Ami's haircut appeared as a wardrobe item in the 2020 mobile game, KleptoCats: Cartoon Network.
Parodies of Ami and Yumi, named Ori and Yori, show up in the Nickelodeon series Kappa Mikey.
Episodes
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi premiered in the United States on Cartoon Network on November 19, 2004. After ending on June 27, 2006, the show continued to rerun until December 22, 2006, where it aired in reruns normally, and occasionally, would be one of the few non-Cartoon Cartoons to air in reruns on The Cartoon Cartoon Show before being removed from the network's schedule.
Since Cartoon Network is available worldwide, the show has been dubbed into multiple languages and aired on Cartoon Network worldwide. In Canada, the series premiered on YTV on September 5, 2005. In Japan, the show began airing on Cartoon Network in English with Japanese subtitles in 2005. A dubbed version began airing on TV Tokyo's Oha Suta block on October 6, 2005, and started to air on January 8, 2006 on Cartoon Network Japan.
In Germany, the show aired on Cartoon Network Germany with all episodes. It premiered in 2005 on the Cartoon Network's block of Kabel eins. The show stopped airing there after two seasons in 2006. The reason was that Cartoon Network Germany launched and most of the shows moved there.
In Poland, the show aired on Cartoon Network Poland from 2005 to 2006.
In Australia, the show premiered on April 3, 2005. It stopped airing on Cartoon Network Australia in November 2008. The third season was never shown there. From August to November 2009, the Australian channel 9Go! showed the last season instead and was abandoned in January 2010.
As of March 2022, the show still airs on Tooncast at 2:30am and 2:30pm respectively.
While the show has had a limited release on DVD in America (as seen below), the entire series was quietly released on HBO Max in the Latin America area. The release includes both the Spanish and original English tracks.
Reception
Critical response
Los Angeles Times wrote that the show is "modern, in its retro, Asian-tinged way -- in other words, right in line with the Cartoon Network aesthetic -- but nothing new", and called it "bright and loud and sensational".
Ratings
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi debuted on Cartoon Network on November 19, 2004 at 7:30 PM ET/PT with two half-hour episodes. The show charted double-digit increases with Girls 6–11 in ratings and delivery for Cartoon Network's Fridays programming block. During the following week, the show became the network's top-rated hit for kids 6–11. It also increased Cartoon Network's audience among that age group by 49% over the previous year.
Awards and nominations
The series has been nominated three times for the Annie Award. Two of them came in 2005 and one came in 2006.
Merchandise
CD
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi
Hi Hi
Home media
Video games
There are two video games released by D3Publisher of America (D3PA) based on the show.
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi: Kaznapped! (Game Boy Advance) (2005)
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi: The Genie and the Amp (Nintendo DS) (2006)
Marketing
A "falloon" (a float with balloon elements) of Puffy AmiYumi's cartoon tour bus (complete with the supporting characters in puppet form), the cartoon version of Puffy AmiYumi as a balloon, and the real PUFFY appeared in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in 2005.
A line of toys intended for girls was produced by Mattel (makers of the popular Barbie doll and Hot Wheels cars) and released for the 2005 Christmas season.
Two DVDs, Let's Go! and Rock Forever, featuring various episodes of the show, were released on November 29, 2005.
The American costume company Rubie's produced a line of Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi costumes and accessories for girls for Halloween 2006.
See also
PUFFY
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi: The Genie and the Amp (Nintendo DS) (2006)
Pink Lady and Jeff, the previous attempt to import a Japanese pop group to US television.
References
External links
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi at Cartoon Network
2000s American animated television series
2004 American television series debuts
2006 American television series endings
American children's animated action television series
American children's animated adventure television series
American children's animated comedy television series
American children's animated fantasy television series
American children's animated musical television series
American flash animated television series
American television series with live action and animation
Animated duos
Animated musical groups
Animated television series about sisters
Animated television series about teenagers
Animation based on real people
Anime-influenced Western animated television series
Television series by Cartoon Network Studios
English-language television shows
Japan in non-Japanese culture
Metafictional television series
Puffy AmiYumi
Radio Philippines Network original programming
Television series based on singers and musicians
Television series created by Sam Register
Television shows adapted into comics
Television shows adapted into video games
Television shows set in Japan
Vampires in animated television
The 2011 BNP Paribas Open was a tennis tournament played at Indian Wells, California in March 2011. It was the 37th edition of the event, known as the BNP Paribas Open, and was classified as an ATP World Tour Masters 1000 event on the 2011 ATP World Tour and a Premier Mandatory event on the 2011 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Indian Wells Tennis Garden in Indian Wells, California, United States from March 7 through March 20, 2011.
Květa Peschke and Katarina Srebotnik were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to Klaudia Jans and Alicja Rosolska.
Unseeded pair Sania Mirza and Elena Vesnina won the tournament, defeating 8th seeds Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Meghann Shaughnessy 6–0, 7–5 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
BNP Paribas Open - Women's Doubles
The following is a list of Ministers of Justice and Law of Colombia.
Fernando Londono Hoyos was referred to as the Minister of the Interior and in charge of Justice and later than Minister of the Interior and Justice. His successors Sabas Pretelt de la Vega, Fabio Valencia Cossio, Carlos Holguin Sardi and German Vargas Lleras also had the same title.
During his tenure, Lleras would be known as the Minister of Interior that oversaw Justice.
See also
Anexo:Ministros de Justicia de Colombia (Annex: Ministers of Justice of Colombia)
Ministry of Justice and Law (Colombia)
Justice ministry
Politics of Colombia
References
Justice ministries
Government of Colombia
Andree is an unincorporated community in Stanchfield Township, Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.
Isanti County Road 4 and State Highway 65 (MN 65) are two of the main routes in the community.
Nearby places include Braham, Stanchfield, Coin, Brunswick, and Rice Creek Wildlife Management Area.
Infrastructure
Transportation
Minnesota State Highway 65
Isanti County Road 4
References
Rand McNally Road Atlas – 2007 edition – Minnesota entry
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County, Minnesota
{{Infobox writer
| name = Nemir Matos-Cintrón
| image =
| imagesize =
| caption =
| birth_date = 1949
| birth_place = Santurce, Puerto Rico
| death_date =
| death_place =
| occupation = Poet, writer, media specialist
| nationality = Puerto Rican
| notableworks = Las mujeres no hablan asi, A través del aire y del fuego pero no del cristal' "El arte de morir y La pequeña muerte,"Aliens in NYC."
| awards =
| signature =
| website = }}
Nemir Matos-Cintrón (born 1949) is a Puerto Rican author who resides in Florida. She has published several books of poetry and parts of a novel. She has openly thematized her lesbianism in much of her work.Sotomayor, Aurea María. "Nemir Matos: de lenguajes y mitos." De lengua, razón y cuerpo (nueve poetas contemporáneas puertorriqueñas): antología y ensayo crítico. San Juan: Instituto de Cultura Puertorriqueña, 1987. 54-57.
Life
Matos-Cintrón was born on November 19, 1949, in Santurce, Puerto Rico. She received her B.A. in Humanities from the University of Puerto Rico and later her Master's of Science from the S. I. Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University. During the 1980s, Matos-Cintrón taught television production courses at the Universidad del Sagrado Corazón in Puerto Rico. She also worked as television producer for the all news Channel 24. At the same time she collaborated as scriptwriter for the miniseries Color de Piel, dealing with racial tensions in Puerto Rican contemporary society. Her television writing led her to the creation and scripting of Insólito, a dramatic anthology series dealing with supernatural phenomena in the Caribbean. In the 90's, she returned to academia, as Lecturer at City University of New York. Her passion for Puerto Rican and Latino Studies, and Multimedia Technology culminated with the research, production and publication of the multimedia CD-ROM Puerto Ricans in the USA: A Hundred Years. In 2001, she moved to Orlando, Florida where she works as an Instructional Designer. She has completed her doctoral dissertation on mobile learning.
Literary production
In 1981, Matos-Cintrón published her first two poetry books: Las mujeres no hablan así (San Juan, Puerto Rico: Atabex, 1981) and A través del aire y del fuego pero no del cristal (San Juan, Puerto Rico: Atabex, 1981). Las mujeres no hablan así, a poetic and artistic collaboration with Yoland V. Fundora, is the first openly lesbian poetry collection in Puerto Rican literature. Renewed interest in Las mujeres led to a second edition in 2010, followed by recent publications of English translations of poems from the collection in various online magazines and literary journals.Brockway, Joseph. "Two Poems: Canto a Changó/Song to Changó and Soy el principio/I Am the Beginning," Reliquiae (Vol. 9 No. 2), November 2021.
A fragment of Matos-Cintrón's first novel El amordio de Amanda, dealing with growing up in the 1960s in urban Puerto Rico, was included in the LGBT Puerto Rican literary anthology Los Otros Cuerpos (San Juan, Puerto Rico: Tiempo Nuevo, 2007).
In 2014, Matos-Cintrón and Fundora published another collaborative collection titled El arte de morir y la pequeña muerte. This collection is the product of a 1991 art installation in San Juan, Puerto Rico and represents an homage to friends who died from AIDS, including her poem "A Manuel Ramos Otero." Also included in this work is a sketch by artist Joaquín Reyes (1949-1994) and a poem by Ana Irma Rivera Lassén, an Afro-Puerto Rican attorney, human rights activist, and feminist.Aliens in NYC (2012, Atabex), Matos-Cintrón's full-length book of poetry, deals with the subject of migration.
Works
Las mujeres no hablan así. San Juan, Puerto Rico: Editorial Atabex, 1981. Second edition, 2010.
A través del aire y del fuego pero no del cristal. San Juan, Puerto Rico: Editorial Atabex, 1981.
El arte de morir y la pequeña muerte. New Jersey: Editorial Atabex, 2014.
Aliens in NYC. New Jersey: Editorial Atabex, 2014.
See also
List of lesbian literature
List of Puerto Rican writers
Puerto Rican literature
References
Sources
Colón Zayas, Eliseo R. "Insólito y los monstruos del espectador." El Mundo, Puerto Rico Ilustrado, 13 May 1990, pp. 14–16.
Cordero, Margarita. "La mujer migrante." El Mundo, Puerto Rico Ilustrado, 13 May 1990.
Echeandía, Servando. "Sobre Nemir Matos." Reintegro, April 1983, p. 12.
Matos-Cintrón, Nemir. "On Women's Experimental Film." 1990 Film Festival sponsored by the Puerto Rican Atheneum, published in Cineasta, no date.
Ramos Otero, Manuel. "La luna ultrajada." Claridad, Puerto Rico, 1981.
Velázquez, Rosa. "Nemir Matos Cintrón." Siempre'', 13–26 November 2003, p. 18.
1949 births
Living people
American lesbian writers
LGBT writers from Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican poets
Puerto Rican women writers
Syracuse University alumni
People from Santurce, Puerto Rico
American LGBT poets
American women poets
Sun Anke (; born 2 February 1998), or Zhang Xiao Wei, is a Chinese actress. She is best known for her roles in the dramas Master Devil Do Not Kiss Me (2017), Heavenly Sword and Dragon Slaying Sabre (2019), Arsenal Military Academy (2019), and Dreaming Back to the Qing Dynasty (2019).
Career
She was born on February 2, 1998 in Tonghua, Jilin, China.
She made her acting debut in 2016 after graduating from Beijing Film Academy.
In 2016, Sun made her acting debut in the horror film Failure Ghost Remember. She then starred in the romance comedy drama Master Devil Do Not Kiss Me.
In 2019, Sun gained recognition for starring in wuxia drama Heavenly Sword and Dragon Slaying Sabre, playing Yang Buhui. The same year, she starred in historical romance drama Dreaming Back to the Qing Dynasty as one of the main leads.
In 2020, Sun was cast in the historical drama Winner Is King, based on the novel Sha Po Lang by Priest.
Filmography
Film
Television series
References
1998 births
Living people
Chinese television actresses
21st-century Chinese actresses
Ron Garretson (born July 1, 1958 in Long Beach, California) is an American former professional basketball referee for the National Basketball Association (NBA). In his 30+ NBA seasons, from 1987 until 2019, he had officiated over 1,600 games, including 1,397 regular season NBA games, 157 playoff games and 11 Finals games. He also officiated the 1993 Europe Tour in London and the 1997 and 2013 NBA All-Star Games. He is the son of former NBA referee Darell Garretson, who died in April 2008 at the age of 76.
Career
Garretson attended Servite High School in Anaheim, California, where he played basketball and football. He then earned an Associate of Arts degree from Golden West Junior College. Before joining the NBA as a referee, he spent two years officiating high school games in Arizona and two more in the Continental Basketball Association (CBA).
In a game during the 1995–96 season, Garretson was involved in an on-court incident with Los Angeles Lakers guard Nick Van Exel. After a timeout with 3 minutes left, Garretson called a technical foul on Van Exel for arguing a call. Van Exel continued to argue and reportedly called Garretson a "little midget." Garretson then called another technical foul, which automatically ejected Van Exel. He walked toward the locker room before returning to shove Garretson into the scorer's table. He was immediately restrained by teammates as he continued to swear at the referee. The league later fined him a record-high $25,000 and suspended him for seven regular season games. Van Exel publicly apologized for his action, though he refused to apologize to Garretson.
In an 2000 playoff game between the Los Angeles Lakers and the Portland Trail Blazers, Garretson ejected then-Blazer Rasheed Wallace after granting a timeout to Los Angeles because he believed that Wallace displayed a negative attitude towards him. Wallace's former teammate, Steve Smith, argued to Garretson that Wallace did not say anything to him. Garretson told Smith that Wallace was warned three times about staring at him.
Garretson was one of three referees who worked the Pacers–Pistons brawl at The Palace of Auburn Hills on November 19, 2004, which ended in a fight between Pacers players and Pistons fans.
Garretson was inducted into Servite High School's Athletic Hall of Fame in May 2000.
References
1958 births
Living people
National Basketball Association referees
Sportspeople from Long Beach, California
Sportspeople from the Phoenix metropolitan area
Continental Basketball Association referees
Malik Azmat Khan is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-34 (Lower Dir) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 38,068 votes and defeated Muhammad Ayub Khan, a candidate of Awami National Party (ANP). In April 2012, he was inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was made Minister of State for Inter-Provincial Coordination. In June 2012, he was inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Raja Pervaiz Ashraf and was appointed as Minister of State for Inter Provincial Coordination where he continued to serve until March 2013.
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-34 (Lower Dir) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 6,275 votes and lost the seat to Sahibzada Muhammad Yaqoob.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
People from Lower Dir District
Year of birth missing (living people)
Marie Lucas may refer to:
Marie B. Lucas, African American physician
Marie Seymour Lucas, French-born English painter
Rucio is a barrio in the municipality of Peñuelas, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,064.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Rucio barrio was 2,233.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Peñuelas, Puerto Rico
Led Zeppelin's Autumn 1969 North American Tour was the fourth concert tour of North America by the English rock band. The tour commenced on 17 October and concluded on 8 November 1969.
This tour is notable for the fact that Led Zeppelin were the first rock act to perform at the prestigious Carnegie Hall in New York City since the Rolling Stones in the mid-1960s, and also for their three performances at Bill Graham's Winterland Ballroom in San Francisco (the alternate venue offered to those bands which pulled crowds too large for the smaller Fillmore West venue).
Another significant concert which took place during this tour took place at the Boston Garden on 25 October. For this gig, the band performed to an audience of 15,000 and grossed $45,000. It was a precursor to the scale of concerts the band would perform on future tours, where they regularly filled large auditoriums and stadiums. The band's manager, Peter Grant, later commented:
The band released their hugely popular second album on 22 October 1969, part-way through this tour.
Tour set list
The fairly typical set list for the tour was:
"Good Times Bad Times" (intro) / "Communication Breakdown" (Bonham, Jones, Page)
"I Can't Quit You Baby" (Dixon)
"Heartbreaker" (Bonham, Page, Plant)
"Dazed and Confused" (Page)
"You Shook Me" (Dixon, Lenoir)
"White Summer"/"Black Mountain Side" (Page)
"What Is And What Should Never Be" (Page, Plant) (Added starting on 30 October)
"Moby Dick" (Bonham)
"How Many More Times" (Bonham, Jones, Page)
There were some set list substitutions, variations, and order switches during the tour. Also played at times were:
"Babe I'm Gonna Leave You" (Bredon, Page, Plant) (Played on 2 November, 7 November, and 8 November)
"C'Mon Everybody"/"Something Else" (Cochran, Capehart, Sheeley, Cochran) (Played on 4 November, 6 November, and 7 November)
"Whole Lotta Love" (Page, Plant, Dixon) (Played on 31 October)
Tour dates
References
External links
Comprehensive archive of known concert appearances by Led Zeppelin (official website)
Led Zeppelin concert setlists
Sources
Lewis, Dave and Pallett, Simon (1997) Led Zeppelin: The Concert File, London: Omnibus Press. .
Led Zeppelin concert tours
1969 concert tours
1969 in North America
Dallas is located in North Texas, built along the Trinity River. It has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification: Cfa) that is characteristic of the southern plains of the United States. Dallas experiences mild winters and hot summers.
Seasonal climate
Summer
Summers are very hot and humid, with extended periods of both wet and dry weather possible. Heat waves can be severe. During the summer, the region receives warm and dry winds from the north and west, as well as hot, humid air from the Gulf of Mexico. The city's all-time recorded high temperature is during the Heat Wave of 1980. The average daily low in Dallas is and the average daily high in Dallas is . Dallas receives approximately of equivalent rain per year.
Transitional months
Spring and autumn bring warm weather to the area. Vibrant wildflowers (such as the bluebonnet, Indian paintbrush and other flora) bloom in spring and are planted around the highways throughout Texas. Springtime weather can be quite volatile, but temperatures themselves are warm on average. The weather in Dallas is also generally pleasant between late October and early December, and unlike springtime, major storms rarely form in the area.
In the spring, cool fronts moving south from Canada collide with warm, humid air streaming in from the Gulf Coast. When these fronts meet over north central Texas, severe thunderstorms are generated with spectacular lightning shows, torrents of rain, hail, and occasionally, tornadoes (Dallas is located at the lower-end of the Tornado Alley).
Winter
During the winter months of December to March, daytime highs as high as are not unusual. On the other hand, a couple of times each year, warm and humid air from the south overrides cold, dry air, leading to freezing rain, which often causes major disruptions in the city if the roads and highways become slick. On average, however, even the coldest month of January is mild, with an average high of and low .
The coldest temperature in most years of the 1991-2020 normals is about , placing Dallas in USDA zone 8b, while the all-time recorded low is on January 18, 1930.
Data
Snow
There are two to three days with hail per year, but snowfall is rare. Based on records from 1898 to 2019, the average snowfall is 2.6 inches per year. It has snowed twice during Thanksgiving day NFL football games at Texas Stadium, in 1993 and 2007, which is comparatively early. The month with the highest snowfall is typically February, with an average of 0.6 inches falling. While the month with the highest number of days with snow falling is typically January, with an average of 0.5 days of snow. The record snowfall was recorded in February 2010, when 12.5 inches of snow fell over two days at the Dallas-Fort Worth International airport.
Volatile weather
Tornadoes
Since Dallas lies at the lower end of the "Tornado Alley", tornadoes have on occasion been a threat to the city. Most tornadoes hit the city during the months of April and May. Dallas was hit by a powerful tornado on April 2, 1957. The tornado would have likely been an F3. On March 28, 2000, the “Fort Worth Tornado” impacted Dallas's neighbor Fort Worth's downtown, and a tornado in Arlington, Texas also occurred that day damaging some homes. Four people died in Fort Worth as a result of the tornado. That day was the Metroplex's most damaging tornado outbreak since the 1957 event. Another widespread tornado outbreak struck the area in the Dallas tornado outbreak of April 3, 2012, slightly damaging Rangers Ballpark in Arlington and damaging some planes and grounding the others at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport and Dallas Love Field, heavily damaging an elementary school, and destroying semis in a facility. On December 26, 2015, a rare winter tornado outbreak led to spawning several tornadoes, including an EF-4 tornado near the city of Garland and Rowlett that caused 10 deaths. On October 21, 2019, 10 tornadoes touched down in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex, including an EF-3 tornado that devastated areas from North Dallas to Richardson.
Floods
Major flooding occurred on the Trinity River in the years 1844, 1866, 1871, and 1890, but a major event in the spring of 1908 set in motion the harnessing of the river. On 26 May 1908, the Trinity River reached a depth of and a width of . Five people died, 4,000 were left homeless, and property damages were estimated at $2.5 million.
Dallas was without power for three days, all telephone and telegraph service was down, and rail service was canceled. The only way to reach Oak Cliff was by boat. West Dallas was hit harder than any other part of the city—the Dallas Times Herald said "indescribable suffering" plagued the area. Much to the horror of residents, thousands of livestock drowned in the flood and some became lodged in the tops of trees—the stench of their decay hung over the city as the water subsided.
After the disastrous flood, the city wanted to find a way to control the reckless Trinity and to build a bridge linking Oak Cliff and Dallas. The immediate reaction was citizens and the city clamoring to build an indestructible, all-weather crossing over the Trinity. This had already been tried following the 1890 flood—the result was the "Long Wooden Bridge" that connected Jefferson Boulevard in Oak Cliff and Cadiz in Dallas, but the resulting unstable bridge was easily washed away by the 1908 flood. George B. Dealey, publisher of the Dallas Morning News, proposed a concrete bridge based on a bridge crossing the Missouri River in Kansas City. Ultimately a US$650,000 bond election was approved and in 1912, the Oak Cliff viaduct (now the Houston Street viaduct) was opened among festivities drawing 58,000 spectators. The bridge, at the time, was the longest concrete structure in the world.
In May 2015, the Dallas-Fort Worth Airport received a record-shattering 16.96 inches of rainfall, in a month that obliterated heavy-rainfall records virtually throughout the Southern Plains (Texas and Oklahoma, especially). Strangely enough, a very hot, dry summer followed, resulting in some parts of Texas returning to abnormally dry conditions as early as July 2015, soon after the record May rains erased years-long drought conditions over the area.
El Niño–Southern Oscillation
The El Niño–Southern Oscillation (ENSO) determines for the most part what the winter and spring months are like in Dallas. During the warm phase (El Niño), winter and spring are colder and receive more snow than usual. Under the cold phase (La Niña), winter and spring are warmer and receive less snow.
Notes
References
Dallas
Dallas
Climate of Texas
Lengdorf is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Erding (district)
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1707.
Events
January – The publisher Edmund Curll announces he will publish Matthew Prior's Poems on Several Occasions, even though the rights belong to someone else.
March 8 – George Farquhar's Restoration comedy The Beaux' Stratagem is first staged, at the Theatre Royal, Haymarket, London.
May 1 – The new sovereign Kingdom of Great Britain comes into being under the Acts of Union. It combines the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland into a single realm under Anne, Queen of Great Britain. Supporters of this include Daniel Defoe and John Arbuthnot.
May 30 – Thomas Wilson, Anglican Bishop of Sodor and Man, publishes Principles and Duties of Christianity... in English and Manks (Coyrie Sodjey), the first book in the Manx language.
September 9 – Richard Steele marries Mary Scurlock. Their literary marriage gains fame through their correspondence.
New books
Prose
Anonymous
Memoirs of the Court of England (translation)
The History of the Earl of Warwick; Sirnam'd the King-maker (transl.)
Richard Baxter – The Poetical Works of the Late Richard Baxter
Thomas Brown – The Works of Mr Thomas Brown
Anthony Collins – Essay Concerning the Use of Reason
Jean de Beaugué – Histoire de la guerre d'Ecosse (translation by Patrick Abercromby)
François Pétis de la Croix (translated and adapted) – Contes Turcs (Turkish Tales)
Thomas D'Urfey – Stories, Moral and Comical
Laurence Echard – The History of England vol. 1
William Fleetwood – Chronicon Preciosum
Aaron Hart – Urim v'tumim (the first book printed in Hebrew in London)
Alain-René Lesage – Le Diable boiteux (The Devil upon Two Sticks)
Edward Lhuyd – Archaeologia Britannica: an Account of the Languages, Histories and Customs of Great Britain...
Delarivière Manley – The Lady's Pacquet of Letters (fiction)
Isaac Newton – Arithmetica Universalis
John Oldmixon – The Muses Mercury (periodical)
Matthäus Schiner – A Philippick Oration to Incite the English Against the French (translated by John Toland)
Hans Sloane – A Voyage to the Islands Madera, Barbados, Nieves, S. Christophers and Jamaica, v. 1
Dr. Thomas Smith – Vitæ quorundam Eruditissimorum et Illustrium Virorum
Jonathan Swift – A Critical Essay upon the Faculties of the Mind
Matthew Tindal – A Defence of the Rights of the Christian Church (sequel to 1706 work)
Catherine Trotter – A Discourse Concerning a Guide in Controversies
Isaac Watts – Hymns and Spiritual Songs (frequently reprinted)
John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester – The Miscellaneous Works of the Late Earls of Rochester and Roscommon
Drama
Joseph Addison – Rosamond (opera)
Susanna Centlivre – The Platonick Lady
Colley Cibber
The Lady's Last Stake
The Double Gallant
Prosper Jolyot de Crébillon – Atrée et Thyeste
George Farquhar – The Beaux' Stratagem
Alain-René Lesage – Crispin rival de son maître
Peter Anthony Motteux – Thomyris, Queen of Scythia (opera)
Nicholas Rowe – The Royal Convert
Nahum Tate – Injur'd Love (an adaptation of Webster's The White Devil)
Poetry
Samuel Cobb – Poems on Several Occasions
John Pomfret – Quae Rara, Chara (poem)
Nicholas Rowe – A Poem Upon the Late Glorious Successes
Nahum Tate – The Triumph of Union
Births
January 13 – John Boyle, 5th Earl of Cork, English writer (died 1762)
January 28 (baptized) – John Baskerville, English printer and typographer (died 1775)
February 14 – Claude Prosper Jolyot de Crébillon, French novelist (died 1777)
February 25 – Carlo Goldoni, Venetian dramatist (died 1793)
April 20 – Robert Foulis, Scottish printer and publisher (died 1776)
April 22 – Henry Fielding, English novelist (died 1754)
June 22 (baptized) – Elizabeth Blackwell, Scottish botanic writer and illustrator (died 1758)
August 14 – Johann August Ernesti, German philologist (died 1781)
September 7 – Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon, French philosopher (died 1788)
December 18 – Charles Wesley, English hymnist, religious writer and cleric (died 1788)
unknown date – Moshe Chaim Luzzatto, Italian rabbi, kabbalist and philosopher (died 1746)
Deaths
January 20 – Humphrey Hody, English theologian (born 1659)
April 20 – George Farquhar, Irish dramatist (born 1677)
June 23 – John Mill, English theologian and exegete (born c. 1645)
August 17 – Petter Dass, Norwegian poet (born 1647)
September 15 – George Stepney, English poet and diplomat (born 1663)
September 23 – John Tutchin, English controversialist (born c. 1660–64)
September 24 – Vincenzo da Filicaja, Italian poet (born 1642)
December 27 – Jean Mabillon, French scholar (born 1632)
References
Years of the 18th century in literature
Skippy is an American brand of peanut butter spread manufactured in the United States and China. First sold in 1932, Skippy is currently manufactured by Hormel Foods, which bought the brand from Unilever in 2013. It is the best selling brand of peanut butter in China and second only to the J.M. Smucker Company's Jif brand worldwide.
History
Percy Crosby, creator of the popular "Skippy" comic strip (1923–1945), which had been adapted into the 1929 novel Skippy, the daytime children's radio serial Skippy (1932–1935), and the Oscar-winning 1931 film Skippy, had trademarked the name "Skippy" in 1925. When, in 1932, the Alameda, California food packer Joseph L. Rosefield began to sell its newly developed hydrogenated peanut butter, which it labeled "Skippy" without permission, Crosby successfully had the trademark invalidated in 1934. Rosefield persisted using the name and after Crosby was committed to an asylum and after the passage in 1946 of the Lanham Act, Rosefield was granted rights to the trademark.
In 1955, Rosefield sold the brand to Best Foods. Its successor companies, most recently Unilever and Hormel, claim rights to the trademark over the objection of Crosby's heirs, and much litigation has occurred on this point over the decades, some of which has continued into the 2000s.
Skippy is sold in many different sizes, including a jar, known as the "Family Jar". In late 2000, Skippy reduced their standard jar size from to by adding a "dimple" in the bottom of the jar while retaining the jar's height and diameter.
Production
Skippy has factories in Little Rock, Arkansas, and Shandong Province, China. About 750,000 pounds of peanuts are brought daily to the Skippy Peanut Butter plant in Little Rock, Arkansas, resulting in over 3.5 million pounds of peanut butter produced each week.
There are 14 different varieties of Skippy Peanut Butter Spread.
Skippy Creamy Peanut Butter
Skippy Super Chunk Peanut Butter
Skippy Roasted Honey Nut Creamy Peanut Butter
Skippy Reduced Fat Creamy Peanut Butter
Skippy Reduced Fat Super Chunk Peanut Butter
Skippy Peanut Butter Blended with Plant Protein Creamy
Skippy Peanut Butter Blended with Plant Protein Chunky
Skippy Creamy Peanut Butter Spread No Sugar Added
Skippy Chunky Peanut Butter Spread No Sugar Added
Skippy Natural Creamy Peanut Butter Spread
Skippy Natural Creamy Peanut Butter Spread with Honey
Skippy Natural Super Chunk Peanut Butter Spread
Skippy Natural Super Chunk Peanut Butter Spread with Honey
Skippy Natural Creamy 1/3 Less Sodium & Sugar Peanut Butter Spread
Skippy is also available in a 6 oz. squeeze pack in Creamy or Natural Peanut Butter Spread and 1.15 oz. individual squeeze 8 packs in Creamy or Natural Peanut Butter Spread.
In 2018, Skippy added Skippy P.B. Fruit Bites to their Skippy P.B. Bites that were already available in Double Peanut Butter, Pretzel and Graham Cracker.
On September 12, 2018, Skippy announced a new line of Skippy P.B. & Jelly Minis in Peanut Butter & Grape Jelly, Natural Peanut Butter & Grape Jelly and Peanut Butter & Strawberry Jelly.
Nutrition
Skippy Peanut Butter is a cholesterol free and gluten free food. All varieties of Skippy Peanut Butter are also kosher except the Skippy P.B. bites.
References
External links
Skippy Peanut Butter Commercial (1958) from Youtube.com (Commercial Describing Skippy History)
Peanut butter brands
Products introduced in 1932
Hormel Foods brands
Former Unilever brands
The 1962-63 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 56 teams divided in 7 pools.
The four first teams of each pool and the better fourclassified fifth were qualified for the "last 32".
The Mont-de-Marsan won the Championship 1962-63 after beating l'Dax in the final. For the first time from 1934, the final opposes two teams of the same department (The Landes).
Context
The 1963 Five Nations Championship was won by Ireland, France finished second.
The Challenge Yves du Manoir was won by Agen that beat Brive par 11 - 0.
Qualification round
In bold the qualified to "last 32" phase
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Le SU Agen, champion sortant and winner du Challenge Yves du Manoir, was eliminateddès The "last 32" phases par Chalon.
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
Lestage score the decisive drop at minute 75th : It was the first and only victory of the "permet au Stade montois" and the third final lost by US Dax.
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1963 lnr.fr
Finale 1963 finalesrugby.com
1963
France 1963
Championship
Mazraeh Now Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,853, in 1,112 families. The rural district has 14 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Markazi Province
Ashtian County
Carle Vernet station is an intermediate stop on line C of the tramway de Bordeaux, and the southern terminus of line D. It is named after the rue Carle Vernet, which in turn is named for Bordeaux native, the 18th century painter Carle Vernet.
Location
The stations are located on rue Carle Vernet in Bordeaux, close to its junction with the main rue d'Armagnac and rue Leon Palliere.
Services
Routes run from Carle Vernet to Berges du Lac, Terres Neuves and Les Aubiers. There are also connections with buses of the TBC.
See also
TBC
Tramway de Bordeaux
Bordeaux tramway stops
Railway stations in France opened in 2008
Tram stops in Bordeaux
George Van Horn (February 5, 1850 – May 3, 1904) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Born in Otsego, New York, Van Horn attended the common schools, the Cooperstown Seminary, and the New Berlin Academy.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in February 1871 and practiced in Cooperstown, New York.
Van Horn was elected clerk of Otsego County in 1881 and reelected in 1884.
Van Horn was elected supervisor of Otsego and twice reelected.
He served as member of the Democratic county committee.
Van Horn was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-second Congress (March 4, 1891 – March 3, 1893).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1892 to the Fifty-third Congress.
He engaged in banking, and was vice president of the Second National Bank of Cooperstown, New York, until his death there on May 3, 1904.
He was interred in Lakewood Cemetery.
Sources
1850 births
1904 deaths
American people of Dutch descent
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
People from Otsego, New York
People from Cooperstown, New York
19th-century American politicians
Thomas, Tom or Tommy Callaghan may refer to:
Tommy Callaghan (footballer, born 1886) (1886–1917), English footballer
Tom Callaghan (active 1925–33), Scottish footballer who played for Scottish, Irish and English Football Leagues
Thomas Patrick Callaghan (born 1938), Irish long distance runner
Tommy Callaghan (born 1945), Scottish footballer who played for Celtic, Dunfermline Athletic, and Clydebank
Thomas Callaghan (judge) (1815-1863), Australian judge of the District Court of New South Wales
Thomas Callaghan, an alias of burglar and author Jack Black (1871–1932)
See also
Thomas O'Callaghan (1845–1931), Australian police officer
Tom Callahan (1921–1996), American basketball player
Jitter Bughouse is an American comedy short released by Columbia Pictures on April 29, 1948, starring Joe DeRita, Christine McIntyre and Emil Sitka.
Plot
Joe and his band practice for their big break in musical commercials. Joe also has a theory that music can cure the mentally imbalanced, and when he learns that his girlfriend Myrtle (Christine McIntyre) is a nurse for the rich, eccentric Mr. Lark (Emil Sitka), the boys head off to the Lark mansion to give a concert.
Cast
Joe DeRita as Joe
Christine McIntyre as Myrtle
Emil Sitka as Mr. Lark
Patsy Moran as Mrs. Schultz
The Nov-Elites: Art Terry, Frankie Carr, Joe Mayer
Production notes
Jitter Bughouse is a remake of The Radio Rogues short film Do Your Stuff (1935).
This was the fourth and final entry in the Joe DeRita series produced by Columbia from 1946-1948; all entries were remakes of other Columbia shorts. Sitka was at the time also a frequent supporting player in Columbia's Three Stooges short-film series; DeRita himself would join the Stooges in the late 1950s, becoming "Curly Joe" DeRita.
DeRita did not think highly of his output at Columbia Pictures, once commenting, "My comedy in those scripts was limited to getting hit on the head with something, then going over to my screen wife to say, 'Honey, don't leave me!' For this kind of comedy material, you could have gotten a busboy to do it and it would have been just as funny."
References
External links
Jitter Bughouse at threestooges.net
Columbia Pictures short films
Short film remakes
1948 films
Films directed by Jules White
American comedy short films
1948 comedy films
American black-and-white films
1940s American films
Horia is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Cloșca (formerly called Dautcea and, after 1912, Încoronarea), Florești (formerly called Islam Geaferca) and Horia (formerly called Ortachioi, and Regina Maria from 1924 to 1947).
History
The village Horia was first mentioned on the maps of the 18th century, as a small community with a few villages. In the 19th century it had the Turkish name Ortachioi, and at the beginning of the 20th century, the village received the name "Regina Maria" (after Queen Marie of Romania). From 1947 to the present days, the village bears the name Horia.
Ethnic structure
Horia was grounded by a Muslim community, to which added in time Romanians and Bulgarians. Nowadays it comprises mostly Romanian population.
Cultural personalities of the village
Gheorghe C. Mihalcea, PhD in philology, folklorist and teacher at the school in Horia.
Notes
References
Mayor's Office in Horia
Horia commune - Document from Tulcea County authorities
Horia on Google map
Eco-school Horia
External links
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Bernhard Loos (born 30 July 1955) is a German politician. Born in Kaufbeuren, Bavaria, he represents the CSU. Bernhard Loos has served as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2017.
Life
Loos went through an apprenticeship as a retail salesman after his Abitur from 1976 to 1980 and worked as a salesman at Hertie in Munich.
From 1981 Loos studied economics and political science at the Ludwig-Maximilians-University in Munich, successfully graduating in 1987.
After his studies Loos was appointed managing director of the Kolping Society in Munich.
He is part of the scientific fraternity Palladia, which he reactivated in 1983 after a thirteen-year suspension.
Bernhard Loos is Roman Catholic, married and father of two adult sons. He served his military service in the German Air Force.
Politics
Loos joined the CSU Munich in 1982 and was a member of the executive board of the Junge Union in Bavaria from 1985 to 1986. During the time of his studies he was involved in the university political student association Ring Christlich-Demokratischer Studenten in Bavaria. There he acted, among other things, as deputy group chairman and was elected as state chairman for 1985 to 1986.
Loos is a member of the CSU district executive in Munich.
For the 2013 German federal election he was elected by the CSU delegates' assembly on place 59 of the electoral list, the place was not enough for becoming member of the Bundestag.
He became member of the bundestag after the 2017 German federal election winning the constituency of Munich North.
On November 9, 2016, Loos was elected by the federal constituency delegates meeting of his party as a direct candidate.
He thus prevailed against the president of the Bund der Vertriebenen Bernd Fabritius, MdB, and thus succeeds Johannes Singhammer.
He won the direct mandate with 32.2% of the vote.
He is a member of the Committee on Petitions and the Committee on Economic and Energy Affairs.
He was able to defend his direct mandate in the 2021 German federal election with 25.7%.
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1955 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
People from Kaufbeuren
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Nikos Karanikas (; born 4 March 1992) is a Greek professional footballer who last played as a right-back for Moldovan Super Liga club Zimbru Chișinău.
Career
Karanikas started his career from his hometown team AEL. He played for the club's youth teams from 2006 to 2010, until he signed a 5-years professional contract and moved to the first squad upon turning 18, in June 2010. On June 23, 2015 he signed a 3 years contract with PAS Giannina. The summer of 2018 he came back in AEL and signed a 3 years contract. On May 14, 2021 there was an official announcement about the termination of the player's contract by mutual agreement.
References
External links
Sport Larissa
AEL 1964 FC Official
1992 births
Living people
Footballers from Larissa
Greek footballers
Association football defenders
Super League Greece players
Athlitiki Enosi Larissa F.C. players
PAS Giannina F.C. players
Henrik Ødegaard (born February 12, 1988) is a Norwegian ice hockey player who is currently playing for Frisk Asker of the Norwegian GET-ligaen.
After playing professionally in the Norwegian GET-ligaen for Ishockeyklubben Sparta Sarpsborg and Frisk Asker Ishockey, Ødegaard signed with the Chicago Wolves of the American Hockey League on October 1, 2013.
After playing one game for the Wolves, Ødegaard was assigned by the Wolves to their affiliate the Missouri Mavericks of the Central Hockey League on October 10, 2013.
Ødegaard also played seven games for Norway in the 2013 IIHF World Championship. On January 7, 2014, Ødegaard was named to Norway men's national ice hockey team for the 2014 Winter Olympics On April 18, 2014, Ødegaard was called back up to the Chicago Wolves of the American Hockey League.
On June 16, 2014 Ødegaard signed with Lørenskog IK of GET-ligaen.
Awards and honours
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Norwegian ice hockey defencemen
Olympic ice hockey players of Norway
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Lørenskog IK players
Chicago Wolves players
Missouri Mavericks players
Sparta Warriors players
Frisk Asker Ishockey players
People from Asker
Norwegian expatriate ice hockey people
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Sportspeople from Viken (county)
Keney Park Golf Course is a public golf course located in Hartford, Connecticut and Windsor, Connecticut within Hartford's Keney Park. The first nine holes were designed by eminent golf course architect Devereux Emmet in 1927, with the remaining nine made by City of Hartford engineer Robert ”Jack” Ross in 1931.
History
Discussions of building a golf course in Keney Park began as early as 1916 as a means to alleviate congestion in Hartford's Goodwin Park. Goodwin Park was the city's only public golf course at the time, and there was a growing consensus that a new course would help reduce the crowds at Goodwin and improve the skill-set of Hartford players by creating a more challenging course. The course opened on October 13, 1927 at 35 cents for nine holes and 50 cents for 18. Devereux Emmet designed the first nine holes at a cost of $1,500 to the city, Hartford solicited Robert Ross, a city-engineer, to design the remaining nine holes, which premiered on August 29, 1930.
In the second half of the 20th century, Keney park entered a period of decline and mismanagement which culminated in the city terminating their existing manager and launching a comprehensive refurbishment of the course and club house with the assistance of the Connecticut PGA. Since the refurbishment, the course has received numerous accolades, such as tying for first place in Golf Inc.'s 2016 Public Course Renovation list and being rated 2017's third best public course in the state by Golfweek.
Course
Facilities
The Keney Park Club House was designed by Smith & Bassette, a local firm based in Hartford, Connecticut. The Club House contains the pro shop and a restaurant, The Tavern at Keney Park.
References
External links
Keney Park Golf Course
The Tavern at Keney Park
Golf clubs and courses in Connecticut
1927 establishments in Connecticut
Sports venues completed in 1927
Sports venues in Hartford, Connecticut
Windsor, Connecticut
David Dunn is a fictional superhero and protagonist in M. Night Shyamalan's Unbreakable film series, portrayed by American actor Bruce Willis. Dunn is a former college football prodigy and a security guard who discovers he has superhuman abilities. He is the protagonist in Unbreakable, makes a cameo in Split, and again is a major character in Glass.
Development
Creation and casting
When M. Night Shyamalan conceived the idea for Unbreakable, the outline had a comic book's traditional three-part structure: the superhero's "birth," his struggles against general evil-doers, and the hero's ultimate battle against the "archenemy." However, he found the origin story most interesting, and chose to write Unbreakable as one. Willis became attached while shooting The Sixth Sense, also directed by Shyamalan.
Powers and abilities
David Dunn possesses super-strength enough to rip off a car door, bench press 500 pounds, break down a steel door, bend metal bars, and hurl a grown man several feet with tremendous force. He has nigh-invulnerability that renders him immune to disease and injuries, including traumas and shocks that would kill a normal human.
Additionally, David possesses the ability of psychometry. He is able to intuitively read the minds of others, particularly as they relate to acts of violence and immorality, by touching them. He has demonstrated the ability to discover actions a person committed in the past (such as Price's sabotage of the train and the unnamed murderer's crimes) as well as potential/planned acts of violence (learning a man smuggled a gun into the sports stadium).
Weakness
David has a weakness to water; being exposed to water weakens him and drains his strength. He had a near-death experience when he nearly drowned at a young age due to children his age trying to push him underwater. As a result, he wears a long, hooded raincoat as part of his vigilante disguise.
Appearances
Unbreakable
David Dunn was born in Philadelphia and became a football player during college, before being caught in a car accident with his girlfriend Audrey. David is left unharmed but Audrey is injured, causing David to quit football to be with Audrey.
In the year 2000, David boards the Eastrail 177 train home but is later caught in a crash. David is recovered and examined by doctors, who reveal he was the only survivor of 132 passengers and hasn't broken a single bone. This grabs the attention of comic book art gallery owner Elijah Price, who contacts David, taunting him, convincing him he has unique superhuman abilities. He then interrogates David about any similar past incidents, in an attempt to expose his abilities. This begins to scare David, who leaves the store. The following day, Elijah visits David at the stadium where David becomes suspicious of a man carrying a gun. The man quickly leaves in a rush but Elijah reluctantly follows the man who did have a gun proving Elijah's theory correct about David. He attempts to deny it by recalling a past drowning incident, but Elijah speculates that water is David's weakness. Joseph also convinces David he is a superhero, so he decides to do some bench presses, revealing his super strength. He also recalls that he used his strength to save Audrey from the car accident by tearing the door off.
Eventually, David becomes more aware of his powers and decides to test them out in a subway by allowing people to push through him. As people walk past him, David begins to see visions of crimes they committed. David sees a crime committed by a janitor who had killed a man. That night, David follows the janitor to the home, where he finds the same man and his wife, both dead. He finds and frees the children. The janitor pushes David into a swimming pool, affirming his weakness to water. The children rescue David, who then kills the janitor. The next day, David is hailed a superhero in the newspaper. He later exposes Elijah for causing a hotel fire, an airplane bombing, and the Eastrail train derailment. Price is sent to an institution for the criminally insane.
Split
David makes a cameo appearance in the 2016 film Split, where he visits a cafe. When the patrons see the news station on the cafe's TV monitors about Kevin Wendell Crumb/The Horde, a waitress states that The Horde reminds her of a man in a wheelchair sent to an insane asylum 15 years ago, as she attempts to recall the man's name. David replies, "Mr. Glass."
Glass
Sixteen years later, David has become a superhero vigilante named "The Overseer" and is working with Joseph. When not being a vigilante, David runs a home security store.
When David learns about the emergence of Kevin Wendell Crumb, a supervillain with an identity disorder involving 24 personalities dubbed by the media as "The Horde", he decides to track him down but is led to an abandoned building where The Horde is holding a group of cheerleaders hostage. David rescues the cheerleaders but is confronted by one of The Horde's personalities "The Beast". Their confrontation is interrupted by a group of Philadelphia police officers lead by Dr. Ellie Staple. Staple places the two in an institution where Elijah has been held since his arrest. David and Kevin are put in separate rooms which hold security measures exploiting their weaknesses to contain them.
Later, Elijah becomes interested in the Beast so he decides to free him and team up together to escape. However, before leaving, Elijah contacts David over the PA to reveal to him his plan to destroy the Osaka Tower in Philadelphia before Elijah would expose real-life superheroes. This prompts David to escape his room and confronts the Beast again outside the facility. The fight is interrupted when Joseph exposes that Kevin's father was also on the Eastrail 177 leaving Kevin alone to his mother who begins abusing him leaving Elijah to come to the conclusion of his creation of both David and Kevin's alter egos The Overseer and The Horde. The Beast thanks Elijah for his creation and brutally injures him then throws David into a water tank in an attempt to drown him but manages to regain strength to escape but is weakened due to the water.
One of Staple's men walks over to David and drags him over to a nearby pothole filled with water after the tank exploded. The man pushes David's face in the water, which drowns and eventually kills him. Staple reveals that she is part of an organization with the goal of silencing people with superhuman abilities to maintain a societal balance even when David uses his ability to learn this upon grabbing her. Elijah dies from his injuries received from Kevin, who is shot and killed by a sniper. Joseph is eventually sent the security footage of the brawl between David and Kevin at the institution, which Casey Cooke and Elijah's mother also receive. They collaborate to upload the footage to the internet, revealing to the world the existence of superhuman abilities.
Reception
Willis received critical praise for his performance as Dunn in Unbreakable. Critic Roger Ebert believed that Willis' "subtle acting" was positively different from the actor's usual work in "brainless action movies." Quentin Tarantino, who directed Willis in Pulp Fiction, also praised his performance in Unbreakable, saying he considers it his best work. The franchise received backlash from fans over David's death scene and lack of screen time in Glass.
References
External links
David Dunn on IMDb
Disney characters originating in film
Film superheroes
Fictional characters with superhuman strength
Fictional characters with accelerated healing
Fictional characters with extrasensory perception
Fictional police officers
Fictional sole survivors
Fictional vigilantes
Fictional characters from Philadelphia
Film characters introduced in 2000
Superheroes with alter egos
Unbreakable (film series)
Bruce Willis
Élisabeth Thérèse Marie Juliette Boselli (11 March 1914 – 25 November 2005), was a French military and civilian pilot. She was the first female fighter pilot to serve in the French Air Force, and held eight world records for distance, altitude and speed.
Biography
Boselli was born in Paris on 11 March 1914. She studied at École des Sciences Politiques in Paris and graduated in 1935. While a student, she was involved in various humanitarian organizations, including the Red Cross. She became interested in aviation after attending an aviation conference with her brother. Initially she volunteered at air fields, working in hangars and on engines, until in January 1938 she obtained her private pilot's license. She purchased her own aircraft, a Leopoldoff, began training in aerobatics, and decided to earn her public pilot's license. However, World War II broke out and all civilian training was cancelled; Boselli's flight log from that period ends on 4 August 1939.
In 1944, a corps of female military pilots was formed and Boselli joined, with the rank of second lieutenant. She was trained in aerobatics and became a trainer herself. On February 12, 1946 she received her military pilot's license, becoming the first woman in France to do so. As the war had ended, however, female pilots were not needed and she was offered an administrative position instead. Boselli declined, and chose to return to civilian aviation. In May 1947 she began training as a glider pilot under Paul Lepanse at Beynes, obtaining her licence four months later. Boselli immediately began to enter competitions, setting a number of records. In 1951, Boselli visited the United States of America and met a pair of seaplane pilots who offered her the opportunity to fly a seaplane; she completed her training in 10 days and successfully achieved a seaplane pilot licence.
Boselli returned to the military in 1952, joining a presentation squadron of aerobatic pilots based at Étampes called Patrouille de France. Boselli and the squadron performed in Monaco, Algeria and Spain, with Boselli as one of the solo performers. In 1957, she was offered an assignment in Algeria, which she accepted. She was based at Oued Hamimine, and flew military evacuations, transport missions and delivered supplies and mail to troops.
By the age of 45, she had accumulated 900 flight hours and 335 missions, and ceased flying. She spent the remainder of her career as an attaché-editor in the air navigation service until her retirement in 1969.
In her retirement, Boselli was president of the history committee of the Aero Club of France, and wrote her memoirs. Boselli died in Lyon on November 25, 2005 and is buried in Guillotière Cemetery.
Records held
World women's altitude records for single glider: reached 5,300 m on December 22, 1947 and 5,600 m on April 6, 1948
World altitude record for light aircraft: 5,791 m on May 21, 1949
World women's speed record for closed-circuit jets: 746 km/h on January 26, 1955
World women's distance record for closed-circuit jets: 1,840 km on February 21, 1955
World record for distance in a straight line for jet aircraft: 2,331.22 km on March 1, 1955
Recognition
For her services to her country, she received the Legion of Honor, the Cross for Military Valour and the Aeronautical Medal. There is a street in Lyon named after Boselli. A parc near the Porte de Versailles in Paris is named after her. In 2013, a housing estate was built on a former airfield in Angers, and was named the Boselli neighbourhood.
References
1914 births
2005 deaths
Military personnel from Paris
Sciences Po alumni
French women aviators
French Air and Space Force personnel
French glider pilots
Aerobatic pilots
French military personnel of the Algerian War
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
Recipients of the Aeronautical Medal
Recipients of the Cross for Military Valour
Flight altitude record holders
Flight distance record holders
Flight speed record holders
Glider flight record holders
French aviation record holders
French women aviation record holders
20th-century French women
Blaine County is a county in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,044. Its county seat is Chinook. The county was named for James G. Blaine, former United States Secretary of State. It is on the north line of the state, and thus shares the southern border of Canada opposite Saskatchewan.
History
In 1912 Blaine, Phillips and Hill counties were formed from the area of Chouteau County. The original boundary of Blaine County included a portion of land in the west that is now included in Phillips County.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
The majority of Fort Belknap Indian Reservation is located in the southeastern part of the county.
Features of the area include the Milk River, Bears Paw Mountains, and the Little Rocky Mountains.
Adjacent counties and rural municipalities
Hill County - west
Chouteau County - southwest
Fergus County - south
Phillips County - east
Rural Municipality (RM) of Reno No. 51, Saskatchewan (SK) - northwest
RM of Frontier No. 19, Saskatchewan, SK - north
RM of Lone Tree No. 18, Saskatchewan, SK - northeast
National protected areas
Black Coulee National Wildlife Refuge
Nez Perce National Historical Park (part)
Upper Missouri River Breaks National Monument (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States census, there were 7,009 people, 2,501 households, and 1,793 families living in the county. The population density was 2 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 2,947 housing units at an average density of <1/km2 (1/sq mi). The racial makeup of the county was 52.58% White, 0.17% Black or African American, 45.37% Native American, 0.09% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.23% from other races, and 1.54% from two or more races. 1.00% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 18.8% were of German and 8.1% Norwegian ancestry. 91.7% spoke English, 3.8% German and 2.0% Dakota as their first language.
There were 2,501 households, out of which 36.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.30% were married couples living together, 14.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.30% were non-families. 26.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.36.
The county population contained 32.60% under the age of 18, 8.00% from 18 to 24, 24.80% from 25 to 44, 21.60% from 45 to 64, and 12.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 97.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,247, and the median income for a family was $30,616. Males had a median income of $23,627 versus $20,469 for females. The per capita income for the county was $12,101. About 23.40% of families and 28.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 36.50% of those under age 18 and 19.90% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 6,491 people, 2,357 households, and 1,604 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 2,843 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 49.4% American Indian, 48.2% white, 0.1% black or African American, 0.1% Asian, 0.2% from other races, and 2.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.0% were German, 9.2% were Norwegian, 6.6% were Irish, 5.7% were English, and 2.0% were American.
Of the 2,357 households, 39.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.6% were married couples living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.9% were non-families, and 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.28. The median age was 35.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,034 and the median income for a family was $40,890. Males had a median income of $32,320 versus $28,986 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,813. About 23.6% of families and 29.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 44.6% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Blaine County is one of the nation's most consistent long-term bellwether counties. Since 1916, the county has been won by the winner of the presidential election in every election except that of 1988, held during the aftermath of a major drought and farm crisis, when Michael Dukakis won the county by fifty-eight votes. During two other drought years on the Great Plains, Adlai Stevenson II in 1956 and Gerald Ford in 1976 also came close to breaking the county's streak, losing by even smaller vote margins than George H. W. Bush.
Economy
The main industry in Blaine County is agriculture. The main employers on the Reservation are the Gros Ventre and Assiniboine tribes.
Education
Fort Belknap College is located on the Fort Belknap Indian Reservation. Public high schools in the county include Harlem High School in Harlem, Chinook High School in Chinook, and Turner High School in Turner.
Communities
Cities
Chinook (county seat)
Harlem
Census-designated places
Fort Belknap Agency
Hartland Colony
Hays
Hogeland
Lodge Pole
North Harlem Colony
Turner
Turner Colony
Zurich
Unincorporated communities
Cleveland
Lloyd
Lohman
North Fork
Rattlesnake
Savoy
See also
List of lakes of Blaine County, Montana
List of mountains in Blaine County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Blaine County, MT
References
Further reading
External links
Blaine County MT - Official Website
Blaine County MT - Photography
Montana counties on the Missouri River
1912 establishments in Montana
Populated places established in 1912
The is a member of the Cabinet of Japan and is the leader and chief executive of the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology. The minister is nominated by the Prime Minister of Japan and is appointed by the Emperor of Japan.
The current minister is Keiko Nagaoka, who took office on 10 August 2022.
List of Ministers of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (2001–)
References
Culture ministers
Sports ministers
Japan
The Organic Seed Growers and Trade Association (OSGATA) is a trade association based in Maine, United States, which represents organic farmers, seed growers and seed suppliers.
It is known primarily for its March 2011 initiation of a lawsuit against Monsanto Corporation to stop it from suing farmers who have been "contaminated" by their genetically modified seeds.<ref>Monsanto versus the people, Aljazeera. January 14, 2013.</ref> In January 2013, the US Federal Court of Appeals heard the oral arguments appealing the dismissal of the case.
OSGATA appealed to the Supreme Court which declined to hear the case.
OSGATA presents this case as protecting members against prosecution following "accidental contamination" with Monsanto patented crops, but Monsanto's chief counsel clarified that "Monsanto never has and has committed it never will sue if our patented seed or traits are found in a farmer's field as a result of inadvertent means." For example, in Monsanto Canada Inc v Schmeiser'', an initial claim of accidental contamination is balanced against a finding of fact that 95–98% of the crop was actually infringing.
References
External links
Official website
Organic farming organizations
Agricultural organizations based in the United States
Organic farming in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in Maine
Professor Ya'akov Meshorer (August 14, 1935 – June 23, 2004) was the Chief Curator for archaeology at the Israel Museum in Jerusalem and a prominent Israeli numismatist.
Early life
Known to colleagues and friends as 'Yankele', Meshorer was born in Jerusalem in 1935 into the prominent Mani family, who had lived in the area for centuries. He and his twin brother Asher used to find ancient coins as they played around the city, which was in the process of being built up. The 14-year-old twins donated the coins they had found to the Israel Department of Antiquities in 1949. He joined the Israel Defense Forces in 1954. After completing his army service in 1956 he became a member of Kibbutz Hazerim, where he married Adaya Weiss in 1956. Meshorer established a museum on the kibbutz before moving to Jerusalem in 1960, where he was a student at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem from 1960 to 1966, receiving a BA in Archaeology and Jewish History and an MA in Classical Archaeology. He received his Ph.D in Numismatics in 1971 from the Hebrew University. Meshorer served as a reservist in the Jerusalem Reconnaissance Company and in 1967 was slightly wounded in the Six-Day War. He later served as an officer in the UN liaison unit.
Academic career
Meshorer was appointed Professor of Numismatics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1983. He established the Numismatic Division at the Israel Museum in Jerusalem in 1969, remaining at its head until 1993. He also served as the University's Chief Curator for Archaeology from 1975 to 1982 and from 1990 to 1996. He retired from the Israel Museum in 2000.
Meshorer was a member of the Archaeological Council of the Israel Antiquities Authority and supervised the establishment of two museums devoted to Biblical Archaeology, the museum of the Cleveland Jewish Community Center in 1976, and The Hecht Museum at the University of Haifa in 1984. He was also a member of the Directorate of the Israel Society for Medals and Coins, serving on the committees that chose the design of the modern Israeli coins. He was instrumental in the decision to base the design of many of the modern coins on ancient Jewish coinage, in this way linking past and present in the State of Israel.
He published 19 books and more than 100 articles, almost all of them dealing with the coins of the Holy Land.
Honors and awards
Meshorer was invited to lecture and research at several major institutions, including the American Numismatic Society in New York City, Duke University, the British Museum, the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York, and the Bibliothèque nationale de France in Paris. Among the honors Meshorer received were the Huntington Medal of the American Numismatic Society in 2001, and in 2002 he was awarded the Irene Levi-sala Book Prize in Archaeology of Israel for his book ‘A Treasury of Jewish Coins From the Persian Period to Bar-Kochba'. He was elected an honorary member of the Council International Numismatic Commission at the opening of the 13th International Numismatic Congress of Madrid in 2003.
In 2002 a prize, the'akov Meshorer Numismatic Prize, was established in memory of Meshorer at the Israel Museum; its first recipient was Dr. Andrew Burnett in 2002, and the second Michel Amandry in 2006.
Meshorer died in Jerusalem aged 69 after a six-year battle against cancer.
References
Publications
‘A Treasury of Jewish Coins From the Persian Period to Bar-Kochba', Yad Ben-Zvi Press, Jerusalem (2001)
'Coins of the Ancient World (Lerner Archaeology Series: Digging Up the Past)' Lerner Publishing Group (1980)
'A Treasury of Jewish Coins' Amphora Books (2001)
'Palestine-South Arabia (American Numismatic Society: Sylloge Nummorum Graecorum)' American Numismatic Society (1981)
'City-Coins of Eretz-Israel and the Decapolis in the Roman Period' The Israel Museum, Jerusalem (1985)
'Coins of the Holy Land' American Numismatic Society (2006)
'Jewish Coins of the Second Temple Period' Am Hassefer and Massada, Tel Aviv, (1967)
'Ancient Jewish Coinage Volume I: Persian Period Through Hasmonaeans' Amphora Books (1982) ASIN: B000MMINWI
'Ancient Jewish Coinage Volume II: Herod the Great Through Bar Cochba' Amphora Books (1982)
'Testimoney' Amphora Books (2001)
'The Coinage of Aelia Capitolina' Israel Museum (1989)
Ya'akov Meshorer and Shraga Qedar 'The Coinage of Samaria in the Fourth Century BCE' Numismatics Fine Arts International (1991)
External links
‘In Israel, a Send-Off For Sinai Treasures' New York Times July 21, 1994
The Israel Numismatic Society obituary
American Numismatic Society obituary
Meshorer in The Israel Museum Magazine
1935 births
2004 deaths
Israeli numismatists
Israeli non-fiction writers
Israeli information and reference writers
Twin people from Israel
Writers from Jerusalem
20th-century Israeli male writers
Deaths from cancer in Israel
Roger de Charlton was Archdeacon of Totnes from 1325 until 1338 .
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Pieter van der Westhuizen (born 24 December 1937) was a South African Army officer who served as the Chief of Staff Intelligence from 1978 - 1985 and later Secretary of the State Security Council.
Background
He joined the South African Army as Lieutenant in 1959 and would later serve as a troop commander at the 1 Special Service Battalion and later than company commander at 2 South African Infantry Battalion. In 1964 he was appointed to the Infantry School as an instructor. By 1968, he was appointed as a staff officer at the Directorate of Military Intelligence. He completed the French Command & Staff Course in the sixties and was appointed the Commandant Army College in 1974.
He commanded Northern Transvaal Command before becoming a Director of Collection at Directorate Military Intelligence in 1976. He was appointed Chief of Staff Intelligence in June 1978. He held that position until 1985 before becoming the Secretary of the State Security Council until 1988.
Awards and decorations
References
South African Army generals
1936 births
Ambassadors of South Africa to Chile
Living people
The 1980 East Lothian District Council election for the East Lothian Council took place in May 1980, alongside elections to the councils of Scotland's various other districts.
Ward Results
Labour
Musselburgh 1
Musselburgh 2
Musselburgh 3
Musselburgh 4
Tranent
Ormiston
Inveresk
Prestonpans
Preston
Gladsmuir
Conservative
Cockenzie
Haddington
Lammermuir
Direleton
Dunbar
East Linton
North Berwick
References
1980
1980 Scottish local elections
Rudolf Donhardt (19 December 1885 – 26 April 1923) was an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1908.
References
External links
1885 births
1923 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
The King Fahad Mosque (also King Fahd Mosque) is a mosque located in Culver City, California in Los Angeles County, US. The mosque has a capacity of 2,000 worshippers, "a marble facade, hand made tiles from Turkey, and a minaret topped with a gold leaf crescent". The complex on about of land also contains a lecture and meeting hall, "classrooms, research centers, a bookshop, a children's playground, and a car park".
The mosque was financed by Saudi Arabia, specifically by Fahd of Saudi Arabia, after whom it is named, and by one of his sons, Prince Abdulaziz. The project was guided by then Director General and present Chairman of The Board, Khalil Al Khalil.
It cost $2.16 million according to the Embassy of Saudi Arabia, and $8 million according to Washington Post.
In a statement issued for the opening of the mosque, the Embassy of Saudi Arabia stated this was part of the "great attention" the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia "has given to Islamic centers, institutes and universities in non-Islamic countries to help Muslim minorities preserve their Islamic culture and educate them in the Arabic language".
Prince Abdulaziz Bin Fahad Bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud, who was Minister of State and a Saudi cabinet member, provided funding for the land in 1993. King Fahad pledged funds for the construction of the building in 1995. Work began on the mosque in April 1996 and was opened in July 1998, with a ceremony and dinner attended by former chief of the White House staff John Sununu. Facilities for school for the recitation of the Qur'an and education in the Islamic sciences are to be (as of 1998) built adjacent to the mosque.
The Mosque is open daily for all five prayers. It is owned and managed by The Islamic Foundation of Shaikh Ibn Taymiyyah.
The Islamic Foundation of Shaikh Ibn Taymiyyah
The Islamic Foundation of Shaikh Ibn Taymiyyah preceded the mosque. It supervised its planning, design, etc., and now owns and operates the mosque (as well as that of two other Southern California mosques — Masjid al Salam in central Los Angeles, and Islamic Center of Riverside, California — and supervises "Zamzam Schools" for "girls' education and the memorization of the Qur'an"). The foundation was established in 1980 (1400 AH). It began as the "Muslim Student House" in the western Los Angeles area. As the Muslim population and Saudi funding grew, a house was purchased in the same area for prayers, lectures and Dawa activities. The foundation is now located at 11004 Washington Boulevard, across Huron Ave from the Mosque, in what Google Maps shows as an unmarked white two-story building.
Named after the 14th century Islamic jurist, Ibn Taymiyyah, the foundation is an Islamic charity organization under US law, and as such is exempt from taxes, entitled to own property and practice religious, educational, informational and intellectual activities throughout the US. As of 2017 it reported revenues of $320,000 and five employees.
The foundation's stated objectives are:
"Propagation of Islam in the light of the Glorious Quran and Traditions of Prophet Muhammad in keeping with the method of the righteous predecessors."
"Preserving of the Islamic Faith, unifying Muslim ranks to regain their rights and be proud of their religion and civilization."
"Construction of mosques, schools and colleges, organization of conferences and publication of books."
"Linking Muslims in America with their Muslim brothers everywhere."
"Enhancing cordial and humanitarian relations with various foundations, engaging into a mutual dialogue based on justice and pride."
9/11 Controversy
According to FBI documents and a CIA memo noted in a congressional report into the attacks of September 11, 2001, the hijackers Khalid al-Midhar and Nawaf al-Hazmi may have been in contact with Saudi diplomat Shaykh al-Thumairy, who was the chief imam at the King Fahad Mosque (most of the 9/11 hijackers were Saudi nationals and several were not fluent in English and had little experience living in the West). According to the congressional report, the mosque was identified by the FBI as a site of “extremist-related activity both before and after September 11”. According top the commission, “several subjects of FBI investigations prior to September 11 had close connections to the mosque and are believed to have laundered money through this mosque to nonprofit organizations overseas affiliated with Usama Bin Ladin.”
In May 2003, the US State Department refused to allow Fahad al Thumairy to reenter the United States. According to the 9/11 Commission Report (issued July 2004) the State Department had determined "he might be connected with terrorist activity."
However, "later investigations found no evidence that the Saudi government or senior Saudi officials knowingly supported those who orchestrated the attacks, according to CBS News. Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Aljubeir said he hopes the congressional report will “bring an end to the speculation and conspiracy theories.” A small demonstration by conservatives was held "challenged the mosque to issue a fatwa repudiating Osama bin Laden and other terrorists by name" in September 2006.
See also
List of mosques in the Americas
Lists of mosques
List of mosques in the United States
International propagation of Salafism and Wahhabism
References
External links
King Fahad Mosque on YouTube
Mosques in California
Culver City, California
Graciela Abascal Compean (March 21, 1939 - August 7, 2020) was a Mexican painter.
Life
Born in Mexico City, Abascal studied in her native city at the Universidad Iberoamericana for three years; she spent ten years studying painting with José Márquez Figueroa from the Academy of Fine Arts in Puebla and five years with Carlos Orozco Romero, as well as with the guidance of David Alfaro Siqueiros through her career.
She was a figurative artist, but her work occasionally incorporated surrealistic elements. Her work has been shown in many solo and group exhibitions both in Mexico and abroad.
References
1939 births
2020 deaths
20th-century Mexican painters
21st-century Mexican painters
Mexican women painters
20th-century Mexican women artists
21st-century Mexican women artists
Artists from Mexico City
Universidad Iberoamericana alumni
Live (aka Répression Dans l'Hexagone) is a 1992 album by French hard rock band, Trust. It was released as a single album twelve years after its recording in 1980. The album has been considered the closest thing to the greatest hits album in the Trust catalogue.
Track listing
"Intro" (Soundcheck)
"Darquier" (Original version found on The Backsides [EP])
"Police Milice" (Original version found on Trust I)
"Mr Comédie" (Original version found on Répression)
"Fatalité" (Original version found on Répression)
"Préfabriqués" (Original version found on Trust I)
"Palace" (Original version found on Trust I)
"Le Matteur" (Original version found on Trust I)
"Les Brutes" (Original version found on Marche Ou Crève)
"H & D" (Original version found on Trust I)
"Toujours Pas Une Tune" Night Long (Original version found on Trust I)
"Problem Child" (Original version by AC/DC)
"Live Wire" (Original version by AC/DC)
"Bosser 8 Heures" (Original version found on Trust I)
"Antisocial" (Original version found on Répression)
Personnel
Bernard "Bernie" Bonvoisin - Vocals
Norbert "Nono" Krief - Lead Guitar
Moho Shemlek - Rhythm Guitar
Yves "Vivi" Brusco - Bass
Kevin Morris - Drums
Trust (French band) albums
1992 live albums
The Ol Donyo Orok mountain (in maasai language), also called Namanga Hills, is situated in southern Kenya next to the Tanzanian border in the Namanga Division. The mountain has a stretched triangular shape, almost like an arrow pointing north. The short side faces the Tanzanian border (and one corner is actually crossing it). The highest peak is .
OlDonyo Orok Mountain Forest Reserve
The OlDonyo Orok Mountain Forest Reserve is a government gazetted area, 117.84 square kilometres large. A large part of it consists of elevated cloud forest (above ). Being one of the few remaining patches in Kenya, it contains a large variety of plants, herbs and also several animal species not found in the surrounding semi-arid lowlands. In the mountain valleys there are natural water catchments created by the high altitude rains and the high humid climate. These provide the surrounding Maasai communities with water and pasture even during the dry seasons.
The mountain wildlife has been under a lot of stress due to poaching and traditional Maasai hunting, which has wiped out many of the large mammals and predators. But there are still a small population of leopards to be found. Other large animals include buffaloes (in rapidly decreasing number due to poaching), bushbucks, olive baboons, vervet monkeys, rock hyraxes, etc. There are also a large variety of migratory and endemic birds in the area. Very little research has been taken place on the mountain ecology and no scientific animal count has been made on the large animals. The bush savanna vegetation in the surrounding lowlands is also home to animals like giraffes, zebras, gazelles, eland antelopes, warthogs, ostriches, african wild dogs and hyenas, etc. Many of these migrate to the high hills during nighttime or settle there during droughts. Occasionally elephants from Amboseli National Park or Tanzania migrate to the area.
Since the gazettement in 1979 the mountain forest have been generally well preserved, illegal wood cutting, charcoal burning, honey collecting through fires have decreased through the efforts of the Kenyan local authorities and Kenya Wildlife Service, with the support of local environmental committees.
Tourism
The mountain receives few tourists annually, even though it lies next to Namanga, the gateway to Tanzania and Amboseli National Park. The local community is therefore trying to market the area more for treking visitors.
A 1928 ascent of the mountain is described in Vivienne de Watteville's book Speak to the Earth (1935).
References
See also
Cloud forest
Mountain ranges of Kenya
Mountains of Kenya
National parks of Kenya
Forests of Kenya
Kajiado County
Landforms of Rift Valley Province
"You've Got It Bad" is a song by English rock band Ocean Colour Scene. The song was released as the second single from their second album, Moseley Shoals (1996), on 25 March 1996 and reached number seven on the UK Singles Chart. The single was also released as a demo alternative on a second CD with additional B-sides.
Track listings
UK CD1
"You've Got It Bad"
"Robin Hood"
"I Wanna Stay Alive with You"
"Huckleberry Grove"
UK CD2
"You've Got It Bad" (demo version)
"Here in My Heart"
"Men of Such Opinion"
"Beautiful Losers"
UK cassette single
"You've Got It Bad"
"I Wanna Stay Alive with You"
Credits and personnel
Credits are taken from the Moseley Shoals album booklet.
Studio
Recorded and mixed at Moseley Shoals (Birmingham, England)
Mastered at the Powerplant (London, England)
Personnel
Ocean Colour Scene – writing, production
Simon Fowler – vocals, acoustic guitar
Steve Cradock – guitar, piano, vocals
Oscar Harrison – drums, piano, vocals
Damon Minchella – bass guitar
Brendan Lynch – production
Martin Heyes – engineering
Tony Keach – assistant engineering
Tim Young – mastering
Charts
References
Ocean Colour Scene songs
1996 singles
1996 songs
MCA Records singles
Song recordings produced by Brendan Lynch (music producer)
Songs written by Damon Minchella
Songs written by Oscar Harrison
Songs written by Simon Fowler
Songs written by Steve Cradock
The Blotting Book is a 1908 mystery crime novel by the British writer E.F. Benson, later better known as the author of the Mapp and Lucia series. It was one of only two ventures he made into the genre during his prolific career along with The Luck of the Vails (1901). It takes place in Brighton and the nearby South Downs.
Martin Edwards included it in his list of a hundred classic crime novels amongst a group of Edwardian mystery novels that served as a precursor to the Golden Age of Detective Fiction.
Synopsis
Two lawyers have embezzled the £30,000 inheritance of Morris Assheton, recently returned from Cambridge University. They attempt to cover their tracks, but when one of them turns up dead Assheton is suspected of his murder. The case hinges around a forged letter in a blotting book.
References
Bibliography
Edwards, Martin. The Story of Classic Crime in 100 Books. Poisoned Pen Press, 2017,
Hanson, Gillian Mary. City and Shore: The Function of Setting in the British Mystery. McFarland, 2015.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
White, Terry. Justice Denoted: The Legal Thriller in American, British, and Continental Courtroom Literature. Praeger, 2003.
1908 British novels
British crime novels
British mystery novels
Novels set in England
Novels set in Brighton
Novels by E. F. Benson
Heinemann (publisher) books
Troy Perkins (born July 29, 1981) is an American former soccer player. During his career, he played for clubs in the United States, Canada, and Norway. The 2006 Major League Soccer Goalkeeper of the Year award winner earned seven caps with the United States national team.
Career
College and amateur
Perkins is a graduate of Thomas Worthington High School, in Worthington, OH, and played college soccer at the University of South Florida and the University of Evansville. He was named third-team All-Conference USA in 2001, and second-team All-CUSA in 2002. He transferred to Evansville for his senior season. At Evansville, he allowed only twenty-one goals in nineteen matches, compiling a 1.09 goals-against-average. Perkins also played in the PDL for the Cape Cod Crusaders in 2002.
Professional
Upon graduating in 2003, Perkins went undrafted. However, he was signed to a developmental contract by D.C. United. Not expected to contribute, Perkins was given an opportunity after both Nick Rimando and Doug Warren lost their starting positions. Perkins proved up to the task, and went on to start sixteen games for the team, posting a 1.62 goals against average. Although Perkins was performing well, the team suffered during his tenure, and he was replaced near the end of the season with Nick Rimando, who would also start for United throughout the playoffs.
In early 2005 he trained with Bolton Wanderers F.C., an English Premier League club and in early 2006 he trained with Everton in Liverpool.
During the 2006 season, Perkins was the starting goalkeeper for United, playing thirty of thirty-two games. He was also named 2006 MLS Goalkeeper of the Year, Best XI, and voted to the 2006 All Star Team. Perkins finished the 2007 MLS season with a 1.10 goals against average, eight shutouts, and sixteen wins, the most in the league.
On December 20, 2007 Perkins signed a five-year contract with Vålerenga, making him the first American to sign for the Norwegian club.
On January 13, 2010, returned to D.C. United in a complicated pre-draft trade deal in which United traded midfielder Fred, its first-round 2010 MLS SuperDraft pick, its #6 spot in the MLS allocation order, and allocation money to Philadelphia Union in exchange for the Union's #1 spot in the allocation order. D.C. then used the #1 allocation ranking to re-acquire Perkins. Attempts were made to sign him by Feyenoord and several French clubs, but nothing materialised and he returned to D.C. United.
On December 17, 2010, Perkins was traded to Portland Timbers for goalkeeper Steve Cronin and allocation money. Perkins went into camp as the Timbers' first choice goalkeeper, but he missed the first six Timbers games after a knee injury Perkins suffered in training. Despite the injury, Perkins notched the Timbers' first-ever league shutout with their 1–0 victory over Real Salt Lake on April 30, 2011.
Perkins signed a new contract with Portland on November 28, 2011.
Perkins began the 2012 season with the Timbers, however, on August 7, 2012, Perkins was traded to Montreal Impact for veteran Jamaican goaltender Donovan Ricketts. Perkins stayed with Montreal through the 2014 season.
On January 13, 2015, Perkins signed with Seattle Sounders FC.
On January 11, 2016, Perkins announced his retirement and joined the Seattle Sounders FC Academy as a staff member.
International
Perkins has also played for the United States National Team, receiving his first cap against Sweden on January 21, 2009.
Personal life
While being a backup goalkeeper for D.C. United, Perkins also had a second job working at a sporting goods store in Fair Lakes, VA called Galyans (which is currently known as Dick's Sporting Goods). Beginning in 2006, Perkins worked a second job as a mortgage loan processor, leading United fans to put up a banner that said, "Troy Saves – and Loans."
Perkins has revealed that his return to MLS in 2010 was because his wife was unable to settle in Norway.
Perkins considers that his training as a mortgage loan processor is important and has stated, "Goalies can usually play until they're around 40, so you have to think about a job after retirement," He has an "austere pregame routine, which entails shutting off all electronics and not talking to anyone for 24 hours. 'I'm a miserable person to be around,' he says, laughing. 'My wife hates it.'"
After retiring from professional soccer and leaving the Sounders organization, Perkins was sworn in as a police officer in Kennewick, Washington in January 2017.
Honors
D.C. United
Major League Soccer Supporter's Shield (2): 2006, 2007
Major League Soccer MLS Cup (1): 2004
Vålerenga
Norwegian Cup Champion(1): 2008
Montreal Impact
Canadian Championship (2): 2013, 2014
Individual
MLS Goalkeeper of the Year: 2006
MLS Best XI: 2006
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
American soccer players
American expatriate soccer players
United States men's international soccer players
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
South Florida Bulls men's soccer players
Evansville Purple Aces men's soccer players
Cape Cod Crusaders players
D.C. United players
Northern Virginia Royals players
Vålerenga Fotball players
Portland Timbers players
CF Montréal players
Seattle Sounders FC players
Tacoma Defiance players
Association football goalkeepers
Sportspeople from Springfield, Ohio
Soccer players from Ohio
USL League Two players
Eliteserien players
Major League Soccer players
USL Championship players
2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Major League Soccer All-Stars
People from Worthington, Ohio
Seattle Sounders FC non-playing staff
American police officers
Undrafted Major League Soccer players
Esdaile is an unincorporated community located, in Pierce County, Wisconsin, United States, in the town of Hartland.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Pierce County, Wisconsin
Print Solutions Magazine is a monthly trade publication that covers the print distribution industry. It has been published continuously since 1962 by the Print Services & Distribution Association (PSDA), though it was previously known as FORM Magazine. It has won more than 100 awards and is read by over 32,400 professionals in the printing industry. Each issue of Print Solutions Magazine contains relevant industry news as well as sales, marketing and management features to help readers improve their businesses, expand into new markets and learn ways to sell print products and related services.
Special Feature Issues
Top 100 Print Distributors
The annual Top 100 Print Distributors issue ranks the top distributors in the nation by fiscal year sales. It also includes the fastest-growing small distributors, the top sales per employee and feature articles on various businesses on the list. The Top 100 Print Distributors list is, “renowned as the most accurate, definitive and coveted list of its kind...”
Top 100 Trade Printers
The Top 100 Trade Printers list is generated from year-over-year sales data that is sent in to Print Solutions Magazine editors from over 100 printers throughout the country. As this issue is published annually, it is commonly used by professionals in the print industry as a yearly reference point for conducting business.
Annual Buyer's Guide
The Print Solutions Buyer's Guide is a directory of industry providers that is published annually by Print Solutions Magazine. It is divided into two alphabetized sections: The Product Index lists various products and services while the Company Directory provides a catalog of manufacturers and suppliers.
Official Show Guide for the Print Solutions Conference & Expo
The Official Show Guide for the Print Solutions Conference & Expo includes relevant exhibitor and product information, booth information and floor plans, seminar and meeting details, and a complete event agenda.
PEAK Awards
The Print Excellence and Knowledge (PEAK) Awards is a competition held annually by Print Solutions Magazine that distinguishes exceptional print-related products and services. In 2008, over 250 entries across 42 categories were received from around the world. In each category, one Grand Award Winner is chosen and honored at the annual Print Solutions Conference & Expo during a VIP Awards Ceremony. Grand Award winners receive a trophy and the right to display the PEAK Award Winner logo. Additionally, the PEAK Awards recognize runner-up entries and presents them with an Award of Excellence certificate.
References
External links
Official website
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1962
Magazines published in Chicago
Professional and trade magazines
1962 establishments in Illinois
Many of the castles of Jordan (), (transliterated) date to Roman times, or were built by the Crusaders in the 12th century.
There are also many desert castles in Jordan. What is known in English as a "desert castle" is known in Arabic as qaṣr (singular), quṣur being the plural.
List of castles in Jordan
See also
Jordan's desert castles
List of Crusader castles
References
Further reading
Lists of castles in Asia
Lists of castles in the Middle East
Castles
Castles
The Cabinda snake-eyed skink or Cabinda lidless skink (Panaspis cabindae) is a species of lidless skinks in the family Scincidae. The species is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Angola.
References
Panaspis
Reptiles described in 1866
Taxa named by José Vicente Barbosa du Bocage
Aq Qayah (, also Romanized as Āq Qayah; also known as Agh Ghayeh, Āqāyeh, and Āq Qīyeh) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 348, in 100 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
John Low Reid (born 1943) is a British clinical pharmacologist.
Reid graduated in medicine from the University of Oxford, then completed his training in clinical pharmacology at the Royal Postgraduate Medical School, where he was subsequently a senior lecturer and reader. He also undertook a Medical Research Council travelling fellowship to the United States' National Institutes of Health.
He became Regius professor of materia medica and therapeutics at the University of Glasgow in 1978, changing to being Regius chair of medicine and head of the department of medicine and therapeutics, in 1989.
He has served as president of the Association of Physicians of Great Britain and Ireland; of the British Society of Hypertension; and of European Society of Hypertension.
He was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2001 New Year Honours.
References
External links
1943 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Living people
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Academics of the University of Glasgow
Regius Professors
Clinical pharmacologists
Jared James Mitchell (born 1955) is a Canadian journalist and fiction author, currently based in Toronto, Ontario. Besides his books, he has written for numerous newspapers and magazines such as Maclean's and The Globe and Mail. He also established the fotonovella.com website for his media fiction works which are termed "photonovellas".
Bibliography
The Invincible. Toronto: Lester, 1995.
Becky Chan. Toronto: Dundurn, 2001.
The Bad Guys. Kindle, 2011.
Mayhem. Wattpad, 2015.
External links
fotonovella.com
Cooke Agency: The Jet Age, accessed 13 July 2006, accessed 13 July 2006
1955 births
Living people
Canadian male novelists
Canadian gay writers
Journalists from Toronto
Canadian LGBT novelists
Writers from Toronto
Canadian male non-fiction writers
Josué Emmanuel Reyes Santacruz (born 10 December 1997) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Liga de Expansión MX club Sonora.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
Cruz Azul
Liga MX: Guardianes 2021
Leagues Cup: 2019
Campeón de Campeones: 2021
References
External links
Josué Reyes at Soccerway
Josué Reyes at Official Liga MX Profile
1997 births
Living people
Mexican footballers
Association football defenders
Cruz Azul footballers
Footballers from Sonora
Beaverhead County is the largest county by area in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,371. Its county seat is Dillon. The county was founded in 1865.
Much of the perimeter of the county is the Continental Divide, including its entire border with the state of Idaho. The divide heads east into Montana at the county border with Ravalli County, between Lost Trail Pass and Chief Joseph Pass.
History
The county name is derived from a rock formation, which the Shoshone described as being shaped like a beaver's head.
The original county seat was the gold-mining town of Bannack. In 1881 it was moved to Dillon.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water. It is the largest county in Montana by area.
Beaverhead impact structure is in the area.
The Big Hole River (formerly called Wisdom River) runs through the county.
Adjacent counties
Ravalli County - northwest
Deer Lodge County - north
Silver Bow County - north
Madison County - east
Fremont County, Idaho - southeast
Clark County, Idaho - south
Lemhi County, Idaho - west
Major highways
National protected areas
Beaverhead National Forest (part)
Big Hole National Battlefield
Nez Perce National Historical Park (part)
Red Rock Lakes National Wildlife Refuge
Politics
Beaverhead is a powerfully Republican county. It has not voted for a Democratic Presidential candidate since 1936.
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States census, there were 9,202 people, 3,684 households, and 2,354 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,571 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.86% White, 0.18% Black or African American, 1.46% Native American, 0.18% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 1.09% from other races, and 1.18% from two or more races. 2.67% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 16.7% were of German, 14.9% English, 10.7% Irish, 9.0% American and 7.2% Norwegian ancestry.
There were 3,684 households, out of which 30.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.80% were married couples living together, 6.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.10% were non-families. 29.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.95.
The county population contained 24.60% under the age of 18, 11.90% from 18 to 24, 25.10% from 25 to 44, 24.90% from 45 to 64, and 13.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 105.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,962, and the median income for a family was $38,971. Males had a median income of $26,162 versus $18,115 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,621. About 12.80% of families and 17.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.30% of those under age 18 and 12.20% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 9,246 people, 4,014 households, and 2,383 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 5,273 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.8% white, 1.4% American Indian, 0.4% Pacific islander, 0.4% Asian, 0.2% black or African American, 1.2% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 26.5% were German, 23.9% were English, 15.4% were Irish, 7.9% were Norwegian, 6.5% were Scottish, and 3.4% were American.
Of the 4,014 households, 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.9% were married couples living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 40.6% were non-families, and 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.79. The median age was 42.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,264 and the median income for a family was $53,036. Males had a median income of $35,568 versus $27,314 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,110. About 10.8% of families and 15.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.4% of those under age 18 and 6.0% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
Beaverhead County is one of the largest cattle and hay producing areas of Montana. Barrett's Minerals, one of the world's largest talc mines, calls Beaverhead County home. In 2009, Barrett Hospital and Healthcare was the largest private employer in the county.
Education
The University of Montana Western is in Dillon.
Communities
City
Dillon (county seat)
Town
Lima
Census-designated places
Argenta
Dell
Dewey
Glen
Grant
Jackson
Lakeview
Maverick Mountain
Wisdom
Wise River
Other unincorporated communities
Apex
Barretts
Bond
Dalys
Elkhorn Hot Springs
Ford
Kidd
Monida
Polaris
Red Rock
Former communities
Armstead - flooded by Clark County Reservoir in 1964
Bannack (presently a National Historic Monument and site of Bannack State Park)
Hecla
Lion City
Notable people
Joseph Poindexter, later Territorial Governor of Hawaii, served as County Attorney here .
Thomas Savage(1915-2003) spent his childhood and teen years on his family's ranch in Beaverhead County. His experiences there informed his best known novels, The Power of the Dog and The Sheep Queen .
See also
List of lakes in Beaverhead County, Montana
List of mountains in Beaverhead County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Beaverhead County, Montana
References
External links
Official page
Chamber of Commerce page
1865 establishments in Montana Territory
Populated places established in 1865
Hajjiabad (, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Central District, Zeberkhan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2016 census, its population was 1,637, in 509 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Jefferson Cattle Pound is a historic animal pound in Jefferson, Maine. Built in 1829, it is one of the state's best-preserved stone pounds. It is located on the south side of Gardiner Road (Maine State Route 126), about west of its junction with Maine State Route 213. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
Description and history
The Jefferson Cattle Pound is located in central northern Jefferson, a rural community in northern Lincoln County. It stands on the south side of Gardiner Road in a rural wooded area. It is a circular fieldstone structure about in diameter, with walls about high. The inside face of the wall is nearly vertical, while the outside is angled, giving the wall a thickness at its base of about and about at its top. Facing the road is an opening about wide, formed by roughly squared granite blocks. The opening is topped at a height of about by a shaped granite lintel that is about long and thick. There are three iron bolts mounted in the stones on the west side, which originally would have held a sturdy wooden gate. Remnants of lower walls extend from the opening toward the road, at a widening angle. These were historically joined to a stone wall that lined the roadway.
The pound was built for the town by Silas Noyes, a local resident, in 1828 at a cost of $28. Prior to its construction, the town's pound keepers (of which there were seven at one time) had kept stray animals on their own properties. The pound remained in use until about 1888, when the town office of pound keeper was discontinued. Changes in the demographics of farm animals, and the increasing use of barbed wire to limit movements of animals led to a decline in the need for such a public facility. At the time of its listing on the National Register in 2004, it was one of the best-preserved of 21 surviving animal pounds in the state.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lincoln County, Maine
References
National Register of Historic Places in Lincoln County, Maine
Buildings and structures completed in 1829
Buildings and structures in Lincoln County, Maine
Weapons of Honour (French: Armes d'honneur) are ceremonial weapons awarded for service or assistance to France.
History
Swords of honour were awarded during the Ancien Régime for exceptional service. On 30 April 1746, Minister of the Navy Maurepas awarded such a sword to privateer Pierre Anguier for his intervention in the Jacobite rising of 1745.
Established on 25 December 1799 and issued by the French Consulate, weapons of honour were awarded as military awards for feats of arms. The civilian version of this distinction is the scarf of honour (l'écharpe d'honneur). This completed and materialised the practice of solemnly declaring a citizen or group of citizens to have bien mérité de la Patrie.
Weapons of honour were replaced during the First French Empire by the institution of the chivalry Order of the Legion of Honour. Recipients of weapons of honour automatically received the Legion of Honour after its inception.
Categories
Each component of the Napoleonic armies had its own distinction and weapons of honour:
Drumsticks given to the drummers
Whips of honour awarded to the drivers of artillery
Guns and swords awarded to soldiers and grenadiers
Golden grenades to artillery assigned to the accuracy of their shots
Carbines and rifles assigned to cavalry
Pistols of Honour awarded to officers
Trumpets assigned to the bugle and trumpeters
Sword of Honour (or Sabre of Honour), divided into three categories, are awarded for exceptional actions outside the scope of the items above.
Notes and references
Notes
References
Bibliography
Armes d'honneur via Napoleon.org (French)
Trompette d'honneur, page of the Musée de l'Armée depicting a trumpet of honour
Ceremonial weapons
Honorary weapons
1799 establishments in France
Military awards and decorations of France
Unforgiving Destiny – The Relentless Pursuit of a Black Marketeer is the 2017 autobiographical account of the 37-year pursuit by authorities in twelve countries to imprison the author, David McMillan. Published simultaneously in the United Kingdom, Europe and the United States on the Amazon platform Createspace.
Synopsis
The biography recounts the smuggling career of David McMillan, beginning in India in the 1970s. After early smuggling operations in Thailand and mafia links in New York City, McMillan comes to the attention of the US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), where a career officer becomes obsessed with pursuing the independent smuggler. The officer becomes influential in McMillan's arrest in Australia, and a decade later in Bangkok. Following McMillan's escape from a Thai prison, he is in Balochistan (Pakistan) and Afghanistan, where he is attempting to free a kidnapped friend. In Karachi, McMillan is arrested and tortured, and again faces a possible death penalty. However, he arranges his release and travels to Europe where he resumes smuggling. After twenty years as a fugitive, McMillan is arrested in London where the Thai government attempts to have him extradited to face the 23-year-old drug charge. The extradition case fails and McMillan is freed.
Author's Intent
McMillan's hope in publishing the autobiography was to “elevate the standard of true-crime writing, to account for the effects upon the women in my life and to throw some light on the little-understood world of the tribal zones along the Afghan border, where so many terrorist groups were formed. Also, to examine a life shattered and rebuilt five times.”
Music influences
McMillan has listed music recordings that, he says, were influential during the 40-year span of the book.
References
External links
Official website, with background to Unforgiving Destiny, photo gallery and interviews
ESCAPE Paperback: 320 pages, Publisher: Mainstream Publishing (3 July 2008) Language English
UNFORGIVING DESTINY – The Relentless Pursuit of a Black Marketeer: Amazon UK author and title pages Published 2017; 422 pages, 6”x9” Trade format
2017 non-fiction books
British autobiographies
Unabomber: In His Own Words is a 2020 crime documentary four-part miniseries about Ted Kaczynski, also known as the Unabomber, that looks at his 17 years of terror from 1978 to 1995 that killed three people and injured 23.
The documentary includes interviews of various people involved in the life and arrest of Kaczynski, including Joel Moss (member of the FBI's UNABOM task force), Gary Wright (survivor of one of Kaczynski's bombs), and David Kaczynski and Linda Patrik (Ted Kaczynski's brother and sister-in-law, who alerted the FBI about Ted in 1996), along with snippets of an interview with Kaczynski himself, carried out by Theresa Kintz, an anarchist writer, in 1999.
The theme song of the show, "MAN", was composed by Adam Litovitz and Louis Percival, and is performed by the band The Worst.
The series premiered February 28, 2020 on Discovery Channel Canada, and was distributed internationally on Netflix. The series received a Canadian Screen Award nomination for Best History Documentary Program or Series at the 9th Canadian Screen Awards in 2021.
References
External links
2020s Canadian documentary television series
2020 Canadian television series debuts
2020 Canadian television series endings
Documentary television series about crime
Discovery Channel original programming
Skrilje () is a village in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia. It is divided into three smaller hamlets: Valiči, Ruštji, and Bajči.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Margaret of Antioch and belongs to the Parish of Kamnje.
References
External links
Skrilje at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Ajdovščina
Bad Subjects (more formally Bad Subjects: Political Education For Everyday Life and sometimes The Bad Subjects Collective) was a research collaborative that operated generally out of California as part of the open access electronic publishing cooperative EServer.org. Together, the collaborative created and published an online zine of cultural and political criticism to promote public education about the political implications of everyday life. It was founded at UC Berkeley in September 1992 as a collection of leftist critiques of identity politics and popular culture written by college students and published as a Gopher service. Bad Subjects may have been the longest continuously-running publication on the internet.
History
The cultural magazine Bad Subjects was started at University of California, Berkeley in September 1992 by founding editors Joe Sartelle, Annalee Newitz, and Charlie Bertsch. They were joined by John Brady and Joel Schalit in 1994. By 1996, after founding contributor Steven Rubio built a Gopher site, Bad Subjects was both an online and hard copy academic publication.
In 1998, Bad Subjects was identified as a celebrated cultural studies magazine on the Internet. Also in the same year, Bad Subjects founded a small educational nonprofit corporation, to promote the progressive use of new media and print publications. The group co-authored two books, entitled Bad Subjects: Political Education for Everyday Life and Collective Action: A Bad Subjects Anthology.
In 2001, the webzine's popularity had grown to where it was seen by some as the West Coast's answer to the Illinois-based journal The Baffler.
The collective published 4-6 issues per year and also featured regular editorials and reviews of a wide range of media. The site offered twenty-five years of back content for free online.
The stated goal of Bad Subjects was to revitalize what it termed "a progressive politics in retreat". The group claimed to challenge political dogma by encouraging readers to think about the political dimension to all aspects of everyday life and sought to broaden the audience for leftist and progressive writing, through a commitment to accessibility and contemporary relevance. Bad Subjects had a large number of contributors, contributing editors and production team members, including Ana Marie Cox, Arturo Aldama, Joe Lockard, Jonathan Sterne, Matt Wray, Megan Shaw Prelinger, Tamara Watkins, Joseph Natoli, Mike Mosher, Molly Hankwitz, Adam Cornford, and Thomas Powell.
The last issue was published in early 2017. After a period of problems with its presentation and navigation, the site disappeared without explanation in 2019.
References
External links
Article About Bad Subjects in the Online Journalism Review (2005)
Alternative magazines
American news websites
Cultural magazines published in the United States
Defunct political magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1992
Magazines disestablished in 2017
Magazines published in the San Francisco Bay Area
Publishing collectives
Weekly magazines published in the United States
St George's Church is an Anglican church in the Kemptown area of Brighton, in the English city of Brighton and Hove. It was built at the request of Thomas Read Kemp, who had created and financed the Kemp Town estate on the cliffs east of Brighton in the early 19th century, and is now regarded as the parish church of the wider Kemptown area. It is a Grade II listed building.
History
Thomas Read Kemp, born in 1782 in Lewes, East Sussex, returned to the Church of England in 1823, seven years after founding his own independent sect. Turning his attention to architecture and town planning, he decided to create a residential estate on land beyond the existing eastern boundary of Brighton, with large houses for affluent people. Designed by Charles Busby and Amon Wilds and built by Thomas Cubitt, this estate became Kemp Town, although Kemp had fled the country to escape debts by the time construction finished.
The Busby–Wilds partnership had also been responsible for building the Holy Trinity chapel (in Ship Street in central Brighton) for Kemp's sect, and in 1824 Kemp enlisted Busby to build a church to serve the new estate. He obtained a private Act of Parliament on 3 June 1824, which allowed him to appoint a perpetual curate and derive income from the rental or sale of pews. This was a common procedure at the time: it allowed churches to be built as an investment, and pew rental could be quite profitable.
Construction work continued throughout 1824 and 1825. The church opened on 1 January 1826, two days after it was consecrated by the Bishop of Chichester. The final cost was £11,000.
By 1831, Kemp had sold his interest in the church to Laurence Peel, the son of Sir Robert Peel, 1st Baronet, who lived in Sussex Square in Kemp Town. Upon Peel's death in 1888 it passed to his son, Charles Lennox Peel, who sold it to the congregation the following year. It was then passed into trust.
St George's had been parished since 1879. The Diocese of Chichester considered closing the church in 1962, but the congregation contested the decision and the threat was lifted. The parish later absorbed that of St Anne's Church in nearby Burlington Street, whose congregation was in decline; it was closed and demolished in 1986. In 1986, St Mark's Church was also closed and officially made redundant, and its parish was also amalgamated with that of St George. The building is now the chapel of St Mary's Hall, an independent school.
Architecture
Busby designed St George's Church in a Neoclassical style, with simple clean lines and strong symmetry. The exterior consists of yellow brick with some stucco work, regularly spaced tiered pairs of round-headed windows, and a deep cornice with no ornamentation. The western face, where the entrance is situated, has Ionic columns and pilasters on each side of the door, and a central tower topped by a cupola with a small cross. Clock faces were added on each side soon in 1840. Inside, there are galleries at the northern, southern and western sides, reached by curved staircases. There was a three-tier pulpit in front of the reredos at the eastern end, and the organ, by the J.C. Bishop & Son organ builder firm, was initially inside the western gallery.
After Revd James Anderson became curate of the church in 1828, his close association with Queen Adelaide, the consort of King William IV, made the church very popular. The queen consort was popular with the British people and often spent time in Brighton. When in the town, she worshipped at St George's. By 1831, the church's seating capacity was being exceeded, and a new gallery was added at the western end. Thomas Cubitt's building firm completed this in one week. The organ had to be moved from the original western gallery to make room for the new structure; unusually, it was erected behind the altar at the eastern end.
After it was acquired by the congregation and placed in trust, £11,050 was spent on large-scale alterations to the church. A chancel was added at the eastern end, with a new window in the eastern wall; the reredos was replaced with a larger version; the organ was moved again, into a more conventional position in the south gallery; and both the north and the south galleries were rebuilt at their eastern ends to align with the chancel extension. All of the seating was replaced, increasing the capacity to 1,300.
The church today
St George's was a chapel of ease until 1879, when it was given its own parish. In its present form, incorporating the former parishes of St Anne and St Mark, this covers a large area of eastern Brighton, including the whole of Kemptown, parts of Whitehawk, Brighton Marina and Roedean School.
The church has a community centre at which various groups meet regularly, and a café, in the crypt below the building. The café is operated in partnership with a local special school. The crypt facilities were built (along with some supporting structural work for the rest of the church) with support from the European Union's "URBAN" regeneration fund, for which they had to compete with other local projects.
St George's also acts as one of Brighton's largest venues for alternative and folk music concerts.
See also
Grade II listed buildings in Brighton and Hove: S
List of places of worship in Brighton and Hove
Notes
and the St George's Church website incorrectly identify Peel's name as Lawrence.
References
Bibliography
St George
Churches completed in 1826
19th-century Church of England church buildings
Grade II listed churches in East Sussex
St George
1826 establishments in England
Neoclassical church buildings in England
In graph theory, the Poussin graph is a planar graph with 15 vertices and 39 edges. It is named after Charles Jean de la Vallée-Poussin.
History
In 1879, Alfred Kempe published a proof of the four color theorem, one of the big conjectures in graph theory.
While the theorem is true, Kempe's proof is incorrect. Percy John Heawood illustrated it in 1890
with a counter-example, and de la Vallée-Poussin reached the same conclusion in 1896 with the Poussin graph.
Kempe's (incorrect) proof is based on alternating chains, and as those chains prove useful in graph theory mathematicians remain interested in such counterexamples.
More were found later: first, the Errera graph in 1921,
then the Kittell graph in 1935, with 23 vertices,
and finally two minimal counter-examples (the Soifer graph in 1997 and the Fritsch graph in 1998, both of order 9).
References
External links
Eric W. Weisstein, Poussin Graph (MathWorld)
Individual graphs
George Augustus La Dow (March 18, 1826 – May 1, 1875) was a U.S. Representative from Oregon. Elected as a Democrat due to a split among Republicans, La Dow died before Congress assembled.
Early life
Born in Cayuga County, New York near Syracuse, La Dow moved with his family to McHenry County, Illinois where he attended public school and studied law. In 1850, he was admitted to the bar and opened a law practice in Waupaca, Wisconsin. From 1860 to 1862, he served as district attorney of Waupaca County.
In 1862, he moved his law practice to Wilton, Minnesota and served as a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1868 and 1869.
Congressional campaign of 1874
In 1869, La Dow moved to Pendleton, Oregon, serving one term as a member of the Oregon House of Representatives from 1872 to 1874.
In 1874, he was selected as the Democratic nominee for Oregon's seat in the United States House of Representatives. Though little known outside of Umatilla County, due to a split among Oregon Republicans, La Dow faced not only Republican candidate Richard Williams, but also Timothy W. Davenport (father of political cartoonist Homer Davenport), who ran as an Independent. Williams and Davenport debated each other all around the state, split the Republican vote, and handed La Dow a plurality and the election.
However, before Congress convened its session, La Dow died on May 1, 1875. He was interred in Pioneer Park Cemetery in Pendleton.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1790–1899)
References
External links
1826 births
1875 deaths
People from Cayuga County, New York
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Oregon
Members of the Oregon House of Representatives
Minnesota Democrats
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
District attorneys in Wisconsin
Politicians from Pendleton, Oregon
People from Waupaca, Wisconsin
Minnesota lawyers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Martnaham Loch (NS 396 172) is a freshwater loch lying across the border between East and South Ayrshire Council Areas, from Coylton, in the parishes of Coylton and Dalrymple, from Ayr. The loch lies along an axis from northeast to southwest. The remains of a castle lie on a possibly artificial islet within the loch. The Campbells of Loudoun once held the lands, followed by the Kennedys of Cassillis.
History
The loch
Martnaham Loch is a large post-glacial "Kettle Hole" fed by the Sandhill Burn, the Whitehill Burn and an outflow from Snipe Loch which in turn receives water from Loch Fergus. The loch's outflow is at the south-west end and the Sandhill Burn enters at the north-east end. As stated the outflow from Loch Fergus passes into Snipe Loch, this flow entering between Cloncaird Cottages and Martnaham Lodge. A small islet lies off the eastern lochshore and a promontory, once an island, holds the ruins of the old castle.
Etymology
Martnaham is variously recorded as Martinham, Martnam, Martna, Matuane, and even Mertineton in 1700. The name may be Anglian or Gaelic and any connection with Saint Ninian's tutor, Saint Martin of Tours would be speculation.
Martnaham Castle
The ruins of an old castle built on an island, recorded as Martnam Ynch (sic), near the centre of the loch are still apparent (NS 3952 1732), the entrance having been from the south side of the loch, formed by a stone embankment or causeway from the land to the island. It is not clear when it was erected. It was inhabited till the 16th century. The remains are of a large building, , and the foundations of an annexe, , were visible to the northeast. The main block is divided into three compartments, and the walls are of mortared rubble masonry, thick, and attain a maximum height of . Architectural features suggest a 16th/17th-century date. A possible rectangular building at the approach to the causeway may indicate the previous presence of a gatehouse. The site has been densely wooded for many years.
Martnaham may have been part of a chain of fortalices forming a defensive line, including Drongan and Auchencloigh castles. Love has it as the original seat of Old King Cole, thereby linking it with nearby Loch Fergus, named after King Cole's opponent and vanquisher. Circa 1661 John Bonar, a schoolmaster in Ayr, wrote a poetical description of the local traditions regarding King Cole and states that -
The castle was the caput of the old Barony of Martnaham. The site is said to have been besieged in the 1650s. Groome refers to it as "ivy-clad ruins of an old mansion house."
In 1612 John Monipennie noted the Loch of Matuane, with a strong tower.
Paterson, writing in the 1860s, gives some interesting details -
"Only portions of three gables exist. The walls are not very thick, safety having apparently been chiefly relied upon because of its isolated situation. An artificial causeway, which could have been cut off at pleasure, leads to the ruin, and the island itself is evidently of the same character - being made of forced earth. It is thickly planted with trees, amongst which a colony of crows has continued to brood for ages. The garden is said to have been made of soil brought from France or Ireland, so as to exclude vermin. The Marquis of Ailsa has a shooting and fishing lodge on the banks of the loch, which is well stocked with pike and perch, the latter having been introduced within the last thirty years."
Crannog
The Martnaham Castle island and causeway bear the characteristics of an adapted shallow water crannog and associated causeway as found in other Ayrshire lochs such as Lochspouts, Buiston, Lochlea, Loch Brand, and Kilbirnie.
Bathymetrical Survey of the Fresh-Water Lochs of Scotland, 1897-1909
This survey carried out by James Murray in 1906 shows a maximum depth of in the eastern section, with a depth of around near the old castle and along much of the length of the loch margin. Areas of marshy ground and several inlets are present.
Natural history
Martnaham Loch is a SSSI for the western half of its area. The south-western end of the loch is bordered by mixed woodland. Martnaham has had some notable rarities recorded over the years, such as smew, ring-necked duck, black tern, lesser scaup and hobby. Autumn and winter feature visits from flocks of goldeneye, wigeon, pochard and teal. Shoveller, scaup, long-tailed duck and gadwall are commonly seen and glaucous, Iceland and Mediterranean gulls are occasional visitors. Canada geese and whooper swans gather in the surrounding fields. Great crested and little grebe breed here. Oystercatcher, curlew, redshank, common sandpiper, whimbrel, ruff, green sandpiper, black-tailed godwit, wheatear and whinchat are regular visitors.
The loch is botanically-rich loch and Martnaham Wood is one of the largest oak woods in Ayrshire; although it was clear felled in 1914, it has regenerated with little disturbance. The loch exhibits vegetation of submerged, floating and emergent type plant communities. The margin has extensive areas of reed-swamp dominated by common reed. Branched bur-reed, water-plantain, nodding bur-marigold, trifid bur-marigold, greater spearwort, and eight-stamened waterwort are found at the site. In the deeper water white and yellow water-lilies dominate. Canadian pondweed is an invasive plant and is here in abundance. The loch is classed as mesotrophic (moderately nutrient-rich), however it has eutrophic characteristics.
Martinham Wood is well established on the eastern side of the loch, featuring since at least the early 16th century with a fence or pale indicated. As an ancient woodland site Martnaham Wood has a canopy dominated by oak and birch, with abundant hazel in the understorey; sanicle, bluebell and dog's mercury are common. The woodland exhibits a wide diversity of fungi, mosses and liverworts, including the only Scottish record of the mushroom Mycena picta, once thought to be extinct in Great Britain.
Uses
Purclewan Mill
The outflow at the south-west end was in 1906 built up with stones to divert water into a Cade supplying Purclewan Mill. No sluice was present and water flowed down both outflows. William McCandlish and his younger brother Dr James McCandlish were both were born at Purclewan, sons of the hamlets blacksmith. James was a classmate of Robert Burns and they were good friends. His father, Henry, lent Burns a copy of The Life of Wallace which aroused his patriotism.
Robert Burns is said to have written his first poem "Handsome Nell" at the mill based on either Nelly Blair or Nelly Kilpatrick (1759–1820) the daughter of the Miller, Alan Kilpatrick, who he may have first met here. The mill has long been abandoned and was last recorded as active in 1911. The mill was developed as private housing with several additions.
Martnaham Lodge
Martnaham Lodge was originally built as a fishing lodge by the Kennedys, Earls of Cassillis in the 19th century, incorporating an existing cottage. James Edward Shaw, the Ayrshire County Clerk and treasurer, lived at the lodge from 1900 to 1912. Shaw was the author of a book on the social history of Ayrshire. James Edward Hunter enlarged the house for its then tenant, Herbert J. Dunsmuir, in 1929. The Cassillis Estate has sold this now Arts & Crafts inspired manorial dwelling to Mr Dunsmuir in 1945 and it passed to his daughter and Colonel Sir Bryce Knox, his son-in-law.
Curling and boating
In the 19th century Martnaham Loch was used for curling and ice skating. In 2011 the loch was once again safe for ice skating. Two boat houses are recorded on the western side of the loch on the early OS maps.
Micro-history
A mineral railway ran close to much of the eastern side of the loch serving a colliery in Coylton.
Whitehill Tilery wood records the 19th century tileworks that once existed there.
See also
Carcluie Loch
Coylton
Loch Fergus
Snipe Loch
Lindston Loch, South Ayrshire
Nelly Blair
References
Notes
Sources
Campbell, Thorbjørn (2003). Ayrshire. A Historical Guide. Edinburgh : Birlinn. .
Cuthbertson, D. C. Autumn in Kyle and the Charm of Cunninghame. London : Herbert Jenkins.
Davis, Michael C. (1991). The Castles & Mansions of Ayrshire. Ardrishaig : spendrift Press.
Dougall, Charles S. (1911). The Burns Country. London: A & C Black.
Groome, Francis H. (1903). Ordnance Gazetteer of Scotland. London : Caxton Publishing Company.
Love, Dane (2003). Ayrshire : Discovering a County. Ayr : Fort Publishing. .
Paterson, James (1863–66). History of the Counties of Ayr and Wigton. I. - I - Kyle. Edinburgh: J. Stillie.
Salter, Mike (2006). The Castles of South-West Scotland. Malvern : Folly. .
Smith, John (1895). Prehistoric Man in Ayrshire''. London : Elliot Stock.
External links
Lochs of East Ayrshire
Lochs of South Ayrshire
History of East Ayrshire
History of South Ayrshire
Freshwater lochs of Scotland
Patrick O'Connell may refer to:
Patrick O'Connell (actor) (1934–2017), Irish film and television actor
Patrick O'Connell (chef) (born 1945), author, chef, and owner of the Inn at Little Washington
Patrick O'Connell (footballer) (1887–1959), Irish footballer and manager
Patrick O'Connell (poet) (1944–2005), Canadian poet
Paddy O'Connell (born 1966), BBC TV presenter
Paddy O'Connell (Gaelic footballer) (1888–1980), Irish Gaelic footballer
Pat O'Connell (surfer) (born 1971), American surfer
Pat O'Connell (baseball) (1861–1943), Major League Baseball center fielder
Pat O'Connell (footballer) (born 1937), English footballer
Patrick O'Connell, the husband of American actress Maggie Baird and father of American singer-songwriters Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell
Ian Hogg may refer to:
Ian Hogg (actor) (born 1937), English actor
Ian Hogg (Royal Navy officer) (1911–2003)
Ian V. Hogg (1926–2002), Royal Artillery officer and author
Ian Hogg (footballer) (born 1989), New Zealand footballer
Galerías Pacífico is a shopping centre in Buenos Aires, Argentina, located at the intersection of Florida Street and Córdoba Avenue.
Overview
The Beaux Arts building was designed by the architects Emilio Agrelo and Roland Le Vacher in 1889 to accommodate a shop called the Argentine Bon Marché, modelled on the Le Bon Marché in Paris.
In 1896 part of the building was transformed into the first home for the Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes and in 1908 the British-owned Buenos Aires and Pacific railway company acquired part of the building for offices. The company's name derived from the fact that its intention was to operate a train service linking Buenos Aires and Valparaíso in Chile, thereby giving access to the Pacific Ocean. From that time onwards the building became known as Edificio Pacífico.
Torture chamber
In 1987, a film crew uncovered an abandoned torture center in the basement of the building that had been used during the Dirty War.
See also
Harrods Buenos Aires
References
External links
Catalogue of Monuments
Galerías Pacífico Pics
Shopping malls in Buenos Aires
National Historic Monuments of Argentina
Torture in Argentina
Commercial buildings completed in 1889
Shopping malls established in 1991
San Nicolás, Buenos Aires
1991 establishments in Argentina
Hong Kong C Team, also known as Hong Kong 09, was a Hong Kong football club established by the HKFA in 2007. It was dissolved only a year later.
Head coach
Lai Sun Cheung (, 2007–2008)
References
Defunct football clubs in Hong Kong
Association football clubs established in 2007
Association football clubs disestablished in 2008
2007 establishments in Hong Kong
2008 disestablishments in Hong Kong
The orange-tufted sunbird (Cinnyris bouvieri) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Kenya, Nigeria, Uganda, and Zambia.
References
orange-tufted sunbird
Birds of Central Africa
orange-tufted sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Vent Haven Museum is the world's only museum of ventriloquial figures and memorabilia. Its collection contains more than one thousand ventriloquist figures from twenty countries as well as hundreds of photographs and other pieces of memorabilia related to ventriloquism, including replicas of figures used by Edgar Bergen, Paul Winchell, and Shari Lewis, and authentic performance pieces used by Jimmy Nelson, Willie Tyler, Jay Johnson, Terry Fator, Jeff Dunham, and Darci Lynne. The museum is in Fort Mitchell, Kentucky, five miles south of Cincinnati. It opened in 1973.
The museum is open seasonally from May 1 to September 30 by appointment only. It is also open to those attending the Vent Haven ConVENTion. As of March of 2022, the museum is closed while construction occurs on a new facility. The museum is expected to open to the public sometime in the late summer or early fall of 2022.
History
Vent Haven Museum was founded by William Shakespeare Berger (1878-1972), a Cincinnati businessman and amateur ventriloquist. Berger amassed his collection of approximately 500 dummies from 1910 until his death. The museum has continued to grow through donations of ventriloquism materials, and its collection has doubled in size since opening as a public museum in 1973.
References
External links
Vent Haven Museum
Vent Haven ConVENTion
Ventriloquism
Museums in Kenton County, Kentucky
Puppet museums in the United States
History museums in Kentucky
Museums established in 1973
1973 establishments in Kentucky
The 2013–14 season was Burnley's 4th consecutive season in the Championship. They also competed in the League Cup and the FA Cup.
Match details
League positions are sourced from Statto, while the remaining contents of each table are sourced from the references in the "Ref" column.
League table
Football League Championship
FA Cup
Football League Cup
Squad statistics
Numbers in parentheses denote appearances as substitute.
Players with names struck through and marked left the club during the playing season.
Players with names in italics and marked * were on loan from another club for the whole of their season with Burnley.
Players listed with no appearances have been in the matchday squad but only as unused substitutes.
Key to positions: GK – Goalkeeper; DF – Defender; MF – Midfielder; FW – Forward
Transfers
In
Out
Loans in
Loans out
See also
List of Burnley F.C. seasons
References
2013-14
2013–14 Football League Championship by team
Winterhausen is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Würzburg (district)
Illinois Route 54 (IL 54) is a east–west highway in east-central Illinois. It passes through the cities of Clinton, Gibson City, and Onarga. Its western terminus is at Interstate 55 (I-55) in Springfield. Its eastern terminus is at U.S. Route 45 (US 45) at Onarga, one mile (1.6 km) east of I-57.
Route description
IL 54 runs southwest-to-northeast from Springfield. It is now mainly a local road, as I-55 and I-57 have become preferred for long distance travel in the region.
History
Until 1972, IL 54 was signed as US 54. US 54 now terminates between Pittsfield and Griggsville at mile marker 35 on I-72/US 36. The US 54 alignment between this point and IL 54's current western terminus has since been replaced by the combined I-72/US 36 freeway and I-55. This is a gap of .
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
State highways in Illinois
U.S. Route 66 in Illinois
U.S. Route 54
Transportation in Sangamon County, Illinois
Transportation in Logan County, Illinois
Transportation in DeWitt County, Illinois
Transportation in McLean County, Illinois
Transportation in Ford County, Illinois
Transportation in Iroquois County, Illinois
Transportation in Champaign County, Illinois
WWAG (107.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve McKee, Kentucky. The station is owned by Dandy Broadcasting, Inc. It airs a country music format.
The station has been assigned these call letters by the Federal Communications Commission since September 29, 1989.
References
External links
Real Country 107-9 and 107-5 Online
WAG
Country radio stations in the United States
Melodian Records was an Australian independent record label founded in 1988 by record producer and music journalist Ian Meldrum with Michael Gudinski and Amanda Pelman. The name Melodian is a combination of 'melody' and Meldrum and Ian.
Background
In July 1987, Australian music television show Countdown ended. Meldrum had hosted the show since its induction in 1974. Meldrum wanted to start a record label as he felt "so many young pop acts weren't getting a go". The first two signings were Indecent Obsession (a pop band from the Gold Coast) and Roxus (a rock band from Melbourne).
The first album released on the label was Indecent Obsession's Spoken Words in November 1989. It peaked in Australia at number 28.
Former artists
See also
List of record labels
References
Record labels established in 1988
Australian independent record labels
Pop record labels
1988 establishments in Australia
Al-Mal News (, lit. “The Money News”) is a daily Egyptian newspaper focused on the economy. It covers the stock market, corporations, the economy of Egypt, retail, banking, insurance, transportation, investment, information and communications technology, and some political and other news.
Al-Mal was founded as an independent weekly paper on August 18, 2002, but its first issue came out on March 16, 2003. On January 14, 2008, it converted to daily publication. Al-Mal News is the largest provider of business journalism in Egypt, employing 130 journalists, developers, designers, and experts across a broad range of print and online platforms and across social media 24/7.
History
The original publication staff started planning their independent economic newspaper at a meeting on August 18, 2002. The first weekly issue came out on March 16, 2003, introducing unique platform for corporate and bank news, currency and exchange rates, and prices of stock, real estate, gold, vegetables, and fruits around the world.
At the end of 2005, Al-Mal Conferences was set up as a seminar branch. A year later, Al-Mal was the subject of the first leveraged buyout in the history of regional journalism when Al Arabiya's and publisher Dar Al-Tanweer acquired a majority stake. The first daily issue came out on January 14, 2008.
In late 2012, Al Mal acquired the GTM conference management firm, creating the Al Mal-GTM brand that is now wholly owned by the paper. That year, Al Mal also partnered with the business news show “Mal Masr” featured by On E, and when the show was cancelled, Al Mal took over the trademark.
Staff and activities
Al Mal has over 230 employees, including the technical, production, and editorial staff; the marketing and advertising departments; subscriptions; distribution; human resources; and financial affairs. Many are now in leading positions in many publications, websites, and specialized agencies both at home and abroad.
The newspaper also participates in charity work. In 2013, for instance, it donated a free advertisement for the Children's Cancer Hospital Egypt.
References
External links
Official site
2002 establishments in Egypt
Arabic-language newspapers
Daily newspapers published in Egypt
Newspapers established in 2002
Weekly newspapers published in Egypt
Mass media in Giza
Business newspapers
Walter Grundmann (21 October 1906, in Chemnitz – 30 August 1976, in Eisenach) was a German Protestant theologian and antisemitic Nazi and Stasi collaborateur during the Third Reich and GDR. Grundmann served both German dictatorships. He was a member of the Nazi party from 1930 onwards, and from 1933 onwards an active member of the German Christians and prospered as a state-antisemitism supporting theologian and professor for ethnic theology. In 1939, he was made head of the newly founded Instituts zur Erforschung jüdischen Einflusses auf das deutsche kirchliche Leben in Jena, which was meant to serve state antisemitism by the "Entjudung" (dejudifying) of the Bible and giving antisemitic theological training and arguments for Nazi propaganda. Despite his past Nazi activities, Grundmann regained some prestige as an evangelic theologian in East Germany; in 1959 he published his comments on the Gospels, which by the 1980s had become standard popular literature. However, Grundmann also prospered as a "Secret Informer" ("Geheimer Informator") to the Ministry for State Security ("Stasi"). He spied on (high ranking) theologians in Eastern and Western Germany. His cover name was GM Berg ("GM Mountain") after the Sermon on the Mount ("Bergrede") to which he referred in his inaugural speech 1939 at the Institute for the Study and Elimination of Jewish Influence on German Church Life, set up under him in Jena.
Life
Training and theological development to 1939
Head of the Institute (1939-1945)
Post-war life
References
Sources
Susannah Heschel: The theological Faculty at the university of Jena as a Stronghold of national Socialism. In: Feingold, Mordechai: History of Universities, Oxford 2003, S. 143–169.
Susannah Heschel: The Aryan Jesus. Christian Theologians and the Bible in Nazi Germany. Princeton University Press, 2008, (Online-Informationen).
Susannah Heschel: Deutsche Theologen für Hitler. Walter Grundmann und das Eisenacher "Institut zur Erforschung und Beseitigung des jüdischen Einflusses auf das deutsche kirchliche Leben“. In: Jahrbuch 1998/99 zur Geschichte und Wirkung des Holocaust, Darmstadt 1999, S. 147–167.
Matthias Wolfes: Protestantische Theologie und moderne Welt – Studien zur Geschichte der liberalen Theologie nach 1918, Berlin/New York 1999 (Theologische Bibliothek Töpelmann, Band 102), S. 366–380.
Roland Deines, Volker Leppin, Karl-Wilhelm Niebuhr (Hrsg.): Walter Grundmann – ein Neutestamentler im Dritten Reich. Leipzig 2007
Max Weinreich: Hitler's Professors: The Part of Scholarship in Germany's Crimes against the Jewish People. 1. Auflage, New York 1946
Kurt Meier: Kreuz und Hakenkreuz: Die evangelische Kirche im Dritten Reich. DTB, München 1992
Birgit Jerke: Wie wurde das Neue Testament zu einem sogenannten Volkstestament "entjudet“? – Aus der Arbeit des Eisenacher "Instituts zur Erforschung und Beseitung des jüdischen Einflusses auf das deutsche kirchliche Leben“. In: Leonore Siegele-Wenschkewitz (Hg.): Christlicher Antijudaismus und Antisemitismus. Theologische und kirchliche Programme Deutscher Christen, Frankfurt am Main 1994, S. 201–234
Leonore Siegele-Wenschkewitz (Hrsg.): Christlicher Antijudaismus und Antisemitismus. Theologische und kirchliche Programme Deutscher Christen.'' Arnoldshainer Texte, Band 85, Haag + Herchen Verlag,
External links
1906 births
1976 deaths
Christian fascists
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the Soviet Union
20th-century German Protestant theologians
People from Chemnitz
People from the Kingdom of Saxony
German male non-fiction writers
People of the Stasi
Jean Garnier (11 November 1612 – 26 November 1681) was a French Jesuit church historian, patristic scholar, and moral theologian.
Life
He was born at Paris, entered the Society of Jesus at the age of sixteen, and, after a distinguished course of study, taught at first the humanities, then philosophy, at Clermont-Ferrand (1643–1653), and theology at Bourges (1653–1681). In 1681, he was sent to Rome on business of his order, fell ill on the way and died at Bologna.
Garnier was considered one of the most learned Jesuits of his day, was well versed in Christian antiquity, and much consulted in difficult cases of conscience.
Works
In 1618, he published for the first time the Libellus fidei, sent to the Holy See during the Pelagian controversy by Julian, Bishop of Eclanum in Apulia. Garnier added notes and an historical commentary. The Libellus also found a place in Garnier's later work on Marius Mercator.
In 1655, he wrote Regulae fidei catholicae de gratia Dei per Jesum Christum, and published the work at Bourges. In 1673, he edited at Paris all the work of Marius Mercator (d. at Constantinople after 451). The edition contains two parts. The first gives the writings of Mercator against the Pelagians and to these Garnier adds seven dissertations:
"De primis auctoribus et praecipuis defensoribus haeresis quae a Pelagio nomen accepit"
"De synodis habitis in causa Pelagianorum"
"De constitutionibus imperatorum in eadem causa 418-430"
"De subscriptione in causa Pelagianorum"
"De libellis fidei scriptis ab auctoribus et praecipuis defensoribus haeresis Pelagianae"
"De iis quae scripta sunt a defensoribus fidei catholicae adversus haeresim Pelagianorum ante obitum S. Augustini"
"De ortu et incrementis haeresis Pelagianae seu potius Caelestianae".
Cardinal Noris (op. 3, 1176) considered these dissertations of great value, and says that, if he had seen them in time, he would have put aside his own writings on the subject. In the second part, Garnier gives a good historical sketch of Nestorianism from 428 to 433, then of the writings of Mercator on this heresy, and adds two treatises on the heresy and writings of Nestorius, and on the synods held in the matter between 429 and 433. Much praise is bestowed on Garnier by later learned writers for the great amount of historical knowledge displayed in his dissertations, but he is also severely blamed for his arbitrary arrangement of the writings of Mercator and for his criticism of the original (Tillemont, "Mémoires ecclés.", XV, 142; Cotelier, "Monum. eccl. graec." III, 602).
Garnier edited in 1675 at Paris the Breviarum causae Nestorianorum (composed before 566 by Liberatus, an archdeacon of Carthage), correcting many mistakes and adding notes and a dissertation on the Fifth General Council. In 1678 he wrote Systema bibliothecae collegii Parisiensis S.J., a work considered very valuable for librarians.
In 1680, he edited the Liber Diurnus Romanorum Pontificum from an ancient manuscript, and added three essays:
De indiculo scribendae epistolae
De ordinatione summi pontificis
De usu pallii.
In the second essay he treats the case of Pope Honorius, whom he considers free of guilt. In 1642, Sirmond had published in four volumes the works of Theodoret, Bishop of Cyrus (d. 455); Garnier added an "Auctarium", which, however, was not published until 1684. It consists of five essays: (1) "De ejus vita"; (2) "De libris Theodoreti"; (3) "De fide Theodoreti"; (4) "De quinta synodo generali"; (6) "De Theodoreti et orientalium causa." In these he is rather severe on Theodoret and condemns him undeservedly.
Another posthumous work of Garnier's, Tractatus de officiis confessarii erga singula poenitentium genera, was published at Paris in 1689.
External links
1612 births
1681 deaths
17th-century French Jesuits
17th-century French historians
17th-century French Catholic theologians
French male non-fiction writers
17th-century French male writers
The Miami Marlins were a minor league baseball team based in Miami, Florida. The original Marlins were a Triple-A franchise in the International League from 1956 through 1960. The International League team was succeeded by a Single-A team in the Florida State League (now the Fort Myers Mighty Mussels) and today's Miami Marlins (formerly the Florida Marlins) of Major League Baseball.
History
The International League Marlins were a transplanted version of the original Syracuse Chiefs, having been created on December 20, 1955, when the Syracuse club (a member of the IL as early as 1886 and a continuous member since 1934) was sold to Sidney Salomon (future founding owner of the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League) and Elliot Stein.
The 1955 Chiefs, an affiliate of the Philadelphia Phillies, finished only two games out of the playoffs, but drew only 85,000 fans, last in the eight-team league. In the Marlins' debut season in Miami, the club finished third and attracted 288,000 spectators, second in the IL circuit. Attendance dwindled in the following years, however, and by 1960 the Marlins—by then a Baltimore Orioles affiliate—were at the bottom of the IL, with fewer than 110,000 paying fans. The franchise signed a working agreement with the St. Louis Cardinals and moved to San Juan, Puerto Rico, in 1961, although after little more than a month of play the Marlins moved again to Charleston, West Virginia, on May 19.
In 1962, the franchise moved to Atlanta, discarding the Marlins name and adopting the Atlanta Crackers name, a team in the recently disbanded Class AA Southern Association.
In 1966, when the Milwaukee Braves moved to Atlanta, the franchise relocated again to Richmond, Virginia, where it played as the Richmond Braves for 43 seasons, through .
The franchise then moved to Gwinnett County, Georgia in 2009, and was known as the Gwinnett Braves through the 2017 season when the franchise became the Gwinnett Stripers in 2018.
The former Syracuse Chiefs club, recently rebranded the Syracuse Mets for the 2019 season, reformed in 1961, and was actually the transplanted Montreal Royals (who, in turn, were originally based in Syracuse as the Stars prior to 1927).
Notable players
Notable Marlins during the 1956–60 period were veterans like Leroy "Satchel" Paige, the great former Negro leagues pitcher then in his 50s, three-time league all-star infielder Forrest "Woody" Smith, ex-New York Giants starting pitcher Rubén Gómez, two-time MLB All Star Sid Gordon, 1959 IL earned run average champ Artie Kay, former Brooklyn outfielder Cal Abrams, and fireballer Virgil Trucks.
Their younger players included future big-leaguers like infielder Jerry Adair, outfielders Whitey Herzog and Dave Nicholson, and pitchers Rudy Árias, Don Cardwell, Turk Farrell, Jack Fisher and Dallas Green.
Although its home park was Miami Stadium, on August 7, 1956, the largest crowd in minor league history (57‚000) came to see Miami's 50-year-old Paige beat Columbus at the Orange Bowl.
Yearly record
Legacy
In February 2008, it was announced that the big league Florida Marlins franchise would change its name to the Miami Marlins in 2012, upon moving into its new stadium at the former site of the Orange Bowl.
In June 2013, a book titled: "The Forgotten Marlins: A Tribute to the 1956–1960 Original Miami Marlins" was published by Rowman & Littlefield written by author Sam Zygner.
In June 2019 a book titled: "Baseball Under the Palms History of Miami Minor League Baseball: The Early Years 1892-1960 (Volume I) was published by Sunbury Press written by authors Sam Zygner and Barbra Cabrera.
In May 2022 Volume II: "Baseball Under the Palms; The Later Years of the History of Miami Minor League Baseball" will be released by Sunbury Press written by authors: Sam Zygner and Barbra Cabrera.
Affiliations
The IL Miami Marlins were affiliated with the following major league teams:
See also
Fort Myers Miracle
References
External links
Johnson, Lloyd, and Wolff, Miles, ed., The Encyclopedia of Minor League Baseball, 1997 edition. Durham, North Carolina: Baseball America.
International League: Encyclopedia II – International League – 1960–1969
Baseball teams established in 1956
Sport clubs disestablished in 1960
Defunct International League teams
Philadelphia Phillies minor league affiliates
Baltimore Orioles minor league affiliates
Baseball teams in Miami
Defunct baseball teams in Florida
1956 establishments in Florida
1960 disestablishments in Florida
Baseball teams disestablished in 1960
The 1964 Enfield Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Enfield London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained control of the council.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough. Previously elections had taken place in the Municipal Borough of Edmonton, Municipal Borough of Enfield and Municipal Borough of Southgate. These boroughs were joined to form the new London Borough of Enfield by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 189 candidates stood in the election for the 60 seats being contested across 30 wards. These included a full slate from the Conservative and Labour parties, while the Liberals stood 52 candidates. Other candidates included 14 Independents, 2 Residents and 1 Communist. All wards were two-seat wards.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. Labour got all 10 aldermen.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw Labour gain the new council with a majority of 2 after winning 31 of the 60 seats. Overall turnout in the election was 41.4%. This turnout included 976 postal votes.
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
Big Business is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring Jed Prouty, Shirley Deane and Spring Byington. It was part of Twentieth Century Fox's Jones Family series of films. The film's art direction was by Chester Gore.
The Jones Family invest in an oil well.
Cast
References
Bibliography
Bernard A. Drew. Motion Picture Series and Sequels: A Reference Guide. Routledge, 2013.
External links
1937 films
1937 comedy films
American comedy films
Films directed by Frank R. Strayer
20th Century Fox films
American black-and-white films
Films scored by Samuel Kaylin
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Hasanabad (, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 119, in 41 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The 1989 Champion Hurdle was a horse race held at Cheltenham Racecourse on Tuesday 14 March 1989. It was the 60th running of the Champion Hurdle.
The winner was Tony Geake's Beech Road, a seven-year-old chestnut gelding trained in Hampshire by Toby Balding and ridden by Richard Guest. Beech Road's victory was a first in the race for jockey, trainer and owner.
Beech Road had established himself as a useful handicap hurdler in his early career but failed to complete the course when tried over fences on two occasions in the early part of the 1988/1989 National Hunt season. He was switched back to hurdling and earned a place in the championship with a twenty length win in the National Spirit Hurdle at Fontwell Racecourse in February. In the 1989 Champion Hurdle he started a 50/1 outsider and won by two lengths from Celtic Chief, with the 1988 winner Celtic Shot in third place. The 11/8 favourite Kribensis finished seventh. Twelve of the fifteen runners completed the course.
Race details
Sponsor: Waterford Crystal
Purse: £83,614; First prize: £50,206
Going: Good to Soft
Distance: 2 miles
Number of runners: 15
Winner's time: 4m 02.10
Full result
Abbreviations: nse = nose; nk = neck; hd = head; dist = distance; UR = unseated rider; PU = pulled up; LFT = left at start; SU = slipped up; BD = brought down
Winner's details
Further details of the winner, Beech Road
Sex: Gelding
Foaled: 8 April 1982
Country: United Kingdom
Sire: Nearly A Hand; Dam: North Bovey (Flush Royal)
Owner: Tony Geake
Breeder: J. Tilling
References
Champion Hurdle
1989
Champion Hurdle
Champion Hurdle
Champion Hurdle, 1090
JGHS may refer to:
James Gillespie's High School, Edinburgh, Scotland
John Gray High School, George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands
John Glenn High School (disambiguation)
Taipei Municipal Jianguo High School, Taipei, Taiwan
See also
JGH (disambiguation)
Communist Party of the Basque Country (, ), is the federation of the Communist Party of Spain (PCE) in Basque Country and Navarre.
PCE-EPK publishes Hemen eta Orain. The general secretary of PCE-EPK is Jon Hernández. The youth organization of PCE-EPK is Gazte Komunistak (Communist Youth in Basque).
See also
Euskadi Roja
Communist Party of the Basque Homelands
External links
1935 establishments in Spain
Communist parties in the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Basque Country
Political parties established in 1935
The BMW WR 750 was a supercharged racing motorcycle from BMW with two-cylinder, four-stroke flat twin engine starting production in the year 1929.
History
The idea to equip the flat twin engine with a supercharger came from the designer of the BMW R 37 race bikes, Rudolf Schleicher. But after his departure from BMW, the concept was transferred to the racing mechanic Josef Hopf, the closest confidant of Rudolf Schleicher, and the BMW works driver and German Champion of 1926 and 1927, Ernst Jakob Henne. The first engines ran on the test bench in 1928.
Races and record attempts
The WR 500 and WR 750 could not break the dominance of the English brands in the international racing. Success came with the next generation of supercharged BMWs, with the Type 255, which went on the hunt for records and racing successes beginning in 1935.
Record runs
The first official world speed record for BMW was set by Ernst Jakob Henne on a WR 750 on 19 September 1929 with over the mile with flying start. The record runs with the bumper compressor engines were continued until 1934.
Design
The Werksrennmotorräder ("works racebikes", initialized WR) WR 500 and WR 750 designs were derived from the R 37.
Engine
The engine was a longitudinally mounted flat twin four-stroke engine with overhead valves. The compressor was located between the seat and gearbox and in the first version was driven by an additional open parallel shaft next to the magneto with a right-angle bevel gear linkage. Thus, the compressor shaft ran transversely to the direction of travel. The boost pressure was up to 2 bar depending on application. The tank was shortened compared to the series motorcycles to make room for the compressor. The single carburetor was located behind the compressor.
Starting in 1930 there was also a version with chain-driven compressor. The chain ran behind the cylinders under a highly modified engine cover, and drove the compressor shaft lying parallel to the direction of travel.
Drive
The WR 750 had a manual transmission with shaft drive on the right side of the unsprung rear wheel.
Suspension
The front fork utilized a leading link fork, suspended by two leaf spring assemblies. The brakes were considerably enlarged and improved from those furnished on the production motorcycles.
See also
List of motorcycles of the 1920s
List of motorcycles of the 1930s
List of motorcycles by type of engine
Motorcycle land-speed record
References
External links
WR 750
Land speed record motorcycles
Csonka may refer to:
Csonka (surname), people with this name, including:
Csonka (automobile), a Hungarian automobile manufactured by János Csonka in Budapest from 1909 to 1912
131762 Csonka, a main-belt minor planet
Sohmer & Co. was a piano manufacturing company founded in New York City in 1872. Sohmer & Co. marketed the first modern baby grand piano, and also manufactured pianos with aliquot stringing and bridge agraffes, as well as Cecilian "all-inside" player pianos and Welte-Mignon-Licensee reproducing pianos. Sohmer pianos were owned by U.S. President Calvin Coolidge, and composers Victor Herbert and Irving Berlin. Sohmer is now a line of pianos manufactured by Samick Music Corporation in Korea.
History
Hugo Sohmer (1845-1913) was born as the son of a physician in Dunningen, a village near Rottweil, on the foothills of the Black Forest, Germany. He was educated in literary and scientific subjects as well as music and the piano, and emigrated to New York City in 1863, where he apprenticed as a piano-builder in Schuetze & Ludolff's factory. He spent two years travelling in Europe continuing to study piano making, and returned to New York in 1870. In 1872 he founded Sohmer & Company, in partnership with Joseph Kuder (April 26, 1831 - July 24, 1913), a pianomaker originally from Vienna who had worked in New York since 1853, first for Steinway & Sons, and later Lighte, Newton & Bradburys as foreman, before working for Marschall & Mittauer, as well as their successor J. H. Boernhoeft.
Sohmer & Co. manufactured and sold pianos at Marschall & Mittauer's former address at 149 East 14th street. They expanded to 155 East 14th street and added Brooklyn showrooms by 1879, and in 1883 moved all but their warerooms to 143 East 23rd Street, formerly the factory of reed organ manufacturers Carhart & Needham. In 1885, the facilities at the corner of 14th st. and 3rd ave. were altered according to plans drawn by Berger & Baylies, and in 1886 purchased a large waterfront plot on Jamaica Avenue, Long Island—near Steinway & Sons' new factory—and erected a six story factory, also designed by Berger & Baylies. The factory was expanded with a six-story addition completed in 1907, and in 1919 erected a six story office and showroom at 31 West 57th Street, on New York's "Piano Row".
Sohmer advertised their upright and square pianos had been awarded the First Medal of Merit, as well as the Diploma of Honour at the 1876 Centennial International Exhibition in Philadelphia and displayed the awards in later instruments although the system of awarding prizes had led to notable public disagreement among piano manufacturers. They also advertised first prizes received in Montreal in 1881 and 1882.
Hugo Sohmer marketed the first modern "bijou," or baby grand piano, built with a symmetrical case design which he patented in 1884. "Only five feet long," these pianos were advertised as "the smallest grand ever manufactured," having "great power and volume of tone, together with the tone-sustaining quality and elastic touch heretofore only found in the concert grand." The company also patented improvements in agraffe bars and actions in 1882, and in 1887 an agraffe for a quadruple strung "reverbation scale" and a pianissimo pedal in uprights, and bridge agraffes in 1890.
Harry J. Sohmer succeeded his father in 1913, and incorporated the company in 1940. In 1971 he was succeeded by his sons, Harry J. Sohmer Jr., president, and Robert H. Sohmer, secretary and treasurer. The Sohmer brothers sold the company in 1982 to Pratt, Read & Co., the largest American manufacturer of piano actions and keyboards, and moved to their facilities in Ivoryton, Connecticut. The Sohmer brothers initially continued their involvement in the company but eventually were succeeded as managers by Dave Campbell.
Changes after the sale by the Sohmer family
In 1985 Sohmer & Co. bought Mason & Hamlin and William Knabe trademarks and equipment from the receivers of the bankrupt Aeolian Corporation, and in 1986, Pratt, Read & Co. sold Sohmer Holding Co. to a group of investors headed by Robert MacNeil. Production was moved to a new facility in Elysburg, Pennsylvania.
In 1989, MacNeil sold Sohmer & Co., which then included Mason & Hamlin, Knabe, and George Steck, to Bernard G. Greer, who owned a controlling interest in the Falcone Piano Co. Lloyd W. Meyer, a former CEO of Steinway & Sons, was put in charge of reorganizing the two companies.
In 1996 Kirk and Mark Burgett, as Music Systems Research, of Sacramento, California, manufacturers of PianoDisc player systems, purchased Sohmer as part of the then bankrupt Mason & Hamlin's assets.
Samick Music Corporation, a large piano manufacturer based in Korea, holds the rights to the Sohmer name as well as several other traditional piano companies such as William Knabe, Pramberger, and Seiler. However, Samick no longer produces or distributes Sohmer-branded pianos.
See also
Sohmer Piano Building
Sohmer and Company Piano Factory
References
Fine, Larry: The Piano Book, 4th edition. Brookside Press, Massachusetts, 1994.
Loesser, Arthur: Men, Women and Pianos. Courrier Corp., New York, 2012
External links
Official website
Sohmer & Co. history
Historical records of American pianos
Landmarks Preservation Commission N. Y., Sohmer & Co. Piano Factory Building
Sohmer & Co. Records, 1872-1989, The Lemuelson Center for the Study of Invention and Innovation, Smithsonian Institution Archives Center
PianoDisc
Samick Music Corporation website
Piano manufacturing companies of the United States
1872 establishments in New York (state)
Defunct manufacturing companies based in New York City
Musical instrument manufacturing companies based in New York City
Imran Butt can refer to:
Imran Butt (cricketer) (born 1995), Pakistani cricketer
Imran Butt (field hockey) (born 1988), Pakistani field hockey player
Rose Hill (also called Rosehill) was an unincorporated community along a railroad at the border between Kosciusko County, Indiana, and Wabash County, Indiana. The extinct community's church and cemetery, in Wabash County, remain. The Rose Hill Post Office was established by 1870. United States Post Office Department Official Postal Guides through 1881 listed the Rose Hill Post Office as being in Kosciusko County, and afterwards in Wabash County. The Rose Hill Post Office was discontinued by about 1906.
References
Post office buildings in the United States
Wabash County, Indiana
The Conference of Religious of Ireland (CORI), is an umbrella organisation for religious institutes active in the Roman Catholic Church in Ireland. It has 138 member congregations, with a combined membership of over 9,000. It is organised in both Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. It was formed in 1983 as the Conference of Major Religious Superiors (CMRS) by the merger of previously separate organisations of male and female orders.
CORI's Justice commission campaigns for social justice and poverty reduction measures and produces an annual response to the Irish Government's budget. CORI has participated in the "Community Pillar" of Social Partnership negotiations in the Republic since 1996. In 1990, before the current name was adopted, Charles Haughey famously dismissed a CMRS report Must the Poor always Wait? with the quip, "I am always a bit doubtful about any organisation that has 'major' and 'superior' in its title."
In 2002 CORI negotiated a settlement with the state on behalf of 18 member congregations implicated in institutional sexual abuse, which paid €128m raised from sale of property to fund compensation claims from abuse victims. After the media revealed the terms, this settlement was criticised as too small a fraction of the total compensation required, estimated at €1.3b, and because the scheme gave anonymity to abusers. The news rather dented the group's "pure and self-righteous" image. After the 2009 publication of the report of the Commission to Inquire into Child Abuse, CORI director Seán Healy suggested the religious institutes should increase their payment to 50% of the total compensation. A further €348m was offered by 18 institutes in late 2009.
President Mary McAleese addressed delegates at a CORI conference in Malahide on 17 April 2010.
In March 2011 the CORI-sponsored National Board for Safeguarding Children in the Catholic Church in Ireland (NBSC) complained in its annual report that it could not perform a child safety audit on the Church, as the Church was denying it information, citing legal advice. Funding for its training programmes in child protection had unexpectedly ended in 2009. The NBSC is also jointly sponsored by the Irish hierarchy and the Irish Missionary Union.
References
External links
CORI official site
Catholic Church in Ireland
Catholic organizations established in the 20th century
Christian organizations established in 1983
Silverstone Air Services Limited, trading as Silverstone Air, was a privately owned airline in Kenya, licensed by the Kenya Civil Aviation Authority with an air operator's certificate.
Location
The headquarters of Silverstone Air were located at on the ground floor of Aerlink House, at Wilson Airport, in the south-western part of Nairobi, the capital and largest city of Kenya. The geographical coordinates of the airline's headquarters are:1°19'23.0"S, 36°48'30.0"E (Latitude:-1.323056; Longitude:36.808333).
History
Silverstone Air was owned and operated by Kenyans. The airline was founded in 2017. It operated scheduled, charter and cargo flights inside Kenya. Scheduled flights are available to Kisumu, Mombasa, Lamu, Eldoret, Malindi, Lodwar, Ukunda.
On 12 November 2019 the airline suspended all flights due to non-compliance problems.
Destinations
From its hub in Nairobi Wilson Airport, the company operated scheduled services to destinations within Kenya. The airline also operated direct return flights to Mombasa from Kisumu International Airport.
Fleet
As of September 2019, Silverstone Air operated the following aircraft:
Incidents and accidents
In September 2020, a Silverstone Air Fokker 50 cargo plane crashed in Mogadishu, Somalia during landing. No fatalities were recorded. On 12 October 2019, a Silverstone Air Fokker 50 aircraft bound for Mombasa Airport, with continuing service to Lamu Airport, veered off the runway at Wilson Airport in Nairobi. While attempting to take off, with a total of 55 people on board, 50 passengers and five crew members, the aircraft veered off the runway and crashed through the fence, coming to rest in the brush. Nine people on board were injured and the aircraft was damaged.
On 28 October 2019, a Dash 8-300, registration 5Y-BWG, operated by Silverstone Air, lost its rear-right wheel assembly on take-off from Lodwar Airport, with four passengers and five crew members on board. Originally destined for Wilson Airport in Nairobi, the flight was diverted to Eldoret International Airport, where it made a safe emergency landing. The detached wheel assembly was recovered by the public outside Lodwar Airport, in Turkana County.
As a result of a safety audit by the Kenya Civil Aviation Authority following these two accidents, the airline was ordered on 12 November 2019 by the Kenyan Civil Aviation Authority to suspend operations with the Dash 8 for seven days.
On 19 September, a Fokker 50 (5Y-MHT) after take-off at Mogadishu, the aircraft returned to the Aden Adde International Airport in Mogadishu for an emergency landing. During that landing, the aircraft veered off the runway and impacted a perimeter wall.
See also
Airlines of Africa
List of airlines of Kenya
References
External links
Silverstone Air
Defunct airlines of Kenya
Airlines established in 2017
Airlines disestablished in 2019
Nairobi
2019 disestablishments in Kenya
Kenyan companies established in 2017
Gerard J. Arpey (born 26 July 1958) is the former chairman, president, and chief executive officer (CEO) of AMR Corporation, parent company to American Airlines.
Biography
Education
Arpey received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in 1980 and an MBA in 1982, both from the University of Texas at Austin. He also holds an FAA Multi-Engine Instrument Pilot Rating and is an avid private pilot.
Career
Gerard J. Arpey was elected chairman of AMR Corporation and American Airlines, Inc. in May 2004. Arpey had been president and chief executive officer of AMR and American, since April 2003, when he was first elected a member of the board of directors of both companies. Prior to that, he had served as president and chief operating officer of AMR and American since April 2002.
Arpey led a global organization that included American Airlines, American Eagle and AmericanConnection, serving approximately 250 cities in 40 countries and territories around the world. During Arpey's tenure the combined network offered, on average, more than 3,400 flights a day with nearly 900 aircraft.
Before his appointment as president and COO, Arpey served as American's executive vice president of operations, senior vice president of finance and planning, as well as its chief financial officer and senior vice president of planning.
As executive vice president of operations, Arpey was responsible for American's worldwide flight operations, including Maintenance and Engineering, Flight Department, Operations Planning, Purchasing, Corporate Real Estate, AA Cargo and American Eagle.
As the company's chief finance and planning executive, Arpey directed the corporation's strategic planning activities, including its scheduling, fleet planning and airline partnership activities. As chief financial officer, he was responsible for the corporation's finance functions including the Financial Planning, Treasury, Accounting, Corporate Development, and Investor Relations groups.
Arpey joined American Airlines in 1982 as a financial analyst. He held numerous management positions during his career at American, including managing director of Airline Profitability Analysis, managing director of Financial Analysis and Fleet Planning, and managing director of Financial Planning. He became a corporate officer in 1989, when he was elected vice president of Financial Planning and Analysis.
Arpey announced his retirement on November 29, 2011, coinciding with the bankruptcy filing of American Airlines parent AMR. He was succeeded by Thomas W. Horton. Some airline industry analysts suggested that Arpey did long-term damage to AMR by not filing for Chapter 11 protection earlier on, something he refused to implement on moral grounds as the process of bankruptcy was intended for the purpose of decreasing pension and other financial obligations made to employees. Arpey declined requests by both the AMR board and Horton to stay on in some management capacity because of his unwillingness to work under a bankruptcy scenario. As per his contract, Arpey did not receive any severance upon retirement.
On December 1, 2011, Arpey joined Emerald Creek Group, LLC as a partner. Arpey is a member of the board of directors of S. C. Johnson & Son. He is also a member of The Business Council and involved in a variety of civic organizations.
Private life
Arpey has three children who reside in Dallas Texas: James, Luke, and Alexandra Arpey.
September 11, 2001
Arpey was executive vice president of operations at the time of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in which American Airlines lost two planes. Arpey made the decision to ground all American Airlines flights in Northeast US and then across the US before the FAA.
References
External links
Gerard Arpey's Executive Bio on aa.com
August 2004 interview with St. Louis Commerce Magazine
1958 births
Living people
American Airlines people
American airline chief executives
American Lutherans
McCombs School of Business alumni
American chief operating officers
Hugh Trenchard was the commander of the Royal Flying Corps in France from 25 August 1915 until 2 January 1918.
Appointment and style of command
In the summer of 1915, General Sir David Henderson decided that, despite his personal preferences, a general officer with technical knowledge and recent war experience was required at the War Office to argue for the resources needed by the RFC. Being the only suitable candidate, Henderson arranged for his return to Great Britain and recommended that he be succeeded by Trenchard. Kitchener immediately approved the recommendation and on 25 August 1915, Trenchard was promoted to brigadier-general and appointed Officer Commanding the RFC in the Field. As the Flying Corps' field commander, Trenchard was far more personally involved in the detail of his wing commanders' and squadrons commanders' tasks than Henderson had been. Trenchard instigated tighter controls on the Flying Corps' tactical training programme, dealt with the unending challenge of providing for material shortages and required his airmen to adopt a more aggressive posture. During this time Trenchard was greatly helped by his aide-de-camp, Maurice Baring.
The Battle of Loos, the Fokker Scourge and the Battle of Verdun
In late September 1915, Trenchard oversaw the Flying Corps' contribution to the Battle of Loos. The improved artillery cooperation and air-to-ground wireless communications yielded good results for the British. Additionally, the Battle was significant as the first successful tactical bombing operation in the history of military aviation that was carried out by the Flying Corps. Despite this, the battle was inconclusive and Trenchard had hoped that his airmen might have achieved more.
By the autumn of 1915, the Flying Corps had to contend with a new difficulty, the so-called "Fokker Scourge". The recently introduced Fokkers, with their synchronization gears which permitted a machine gun to fire through the arc of the propeller without striking its blades, outperformed the British aircraft. Trenchard struggled to maintain air superiority and the Flying Corps' losses slowly but surely exceeded the replacements, thanks in no small part to Trenchard's insistence on offensive operations and the greater tactical flexibility of the Germans. With the land campaign going through a period of limited activity, Trenchard scaled back the air support to land operations. Although the technological edge remained with the Germans, several modifications were made to Trenchard's aircraft such as the introduction of Lewis guns in the BE biplanes and by early 1916 the Flying Corps had received new fighter aircraft types and began to respond to Fokker attacks on more even terms. In December 1915, Haig replaced Sir John French as Commander of the British Expeditionary Force and the Haig-Trenchard partnership resumed, this time at a higher level.
During the early stages of the Battle of Verdun in 1916, Trenchard supplied Lewis guns, bullets and bombsights to the French Air Service which was under the command of Paul-Fernaud du Peuty. Later in the battle, de Peuty switched from a defensive to an offensive air posture, at least in part due to the influence of Trenchard. In March, with the Flying Corps expanding, Trenchard was promoted to major-general.
The Battle of the Somme, Bloody April and the Battle of Arras
In the days before the Battle of the Somme, Trenchard ordered that reconnaissance sorties be flown and German observation kite balloons be targeted. On the eve of battle, Trenchard had mustered 105 aircraft to the rear of the Fourth Army and with the commencement of the battle, Trenchard brought his squadrons systematically into action. Low-level bombing was a major task for the participating aircraft and many were shot down. Despite the losses, by mid-August the Flying Corps had succeeded in gaining air supremacy in the skies over the Somme. However, by September 1916 the prospects of a German collapse were remote and Trenchard feared that the Flying Corps in its weakened state was vulnerable to a German recovery in the air. Trenchard appealed to the War Office and even to the Admiralty for replacements in number but these were not initially forthcoming. By mid-September the German Air Service had regained some strength and Flying Corps began to take casualties in greater numbers. The Flying Corps' decline in numbers impaired their ability to provide accurate artillery support and although in late October a naval squadron was provided from Dunkirk, the British remained weak in the air.
After the conclusion of the Battle of the Somme, Trenchard's Flying Corps remained in a weakened state and all along the Front, Trenchard's aircraft were still fighting those of the German Air Service. In November 1916, Haig, on Trenchard's urging, sought a further 20 squadrons of fighters and in December, Trenchard travelled to London to appeal in person for additional fighters. With his words failing to produce the desired aircraft, Trenchard repeatedly wrote to Henderson and Brancker and when Trenchard went over Henderson's head to the President of the Air Board Lord Cowdray, Henderson severely reprimanded him.
While the winter weather gave some respite from the struggle in the air, the appearance of better weather in March 1917 brought a fresh offensive from the German Air Service. Trenchard was forced to cut back his offensive activity to a minimum although he continued to provide support to the British infantry as they slowly advanced to the Hindenburg Line. In April the Flying Corps supported the infantry as best it could during the Battle of Arras and engaged the Germans in a fierce air battle, known as Bloody April, in the skies overhead. Overall, from March to May, Trenchard lost 1270 aircraft and coupled with the production crisis in Great Britain this almost resulted in the destruction of the Flying Corps.
By mid-1917 William Weir's actions in getting British aircraft production working had started to bear fruit. The newly supplied S.E.5s, Bristol Fighters and de Havilland 4s enabled Trenchard to dominate the airspace along the Front before and during the Battle of Messines. Although the Flying Corps' reserves remained low, Trenchard and his staff were then able to begin planning for Haig's upcoming offensive at Ypres.
Bombing raids on London
In June 1917, the Gotha raid on London led to a public outcry and Trenchard was summoned to see the Prime Minister, Lloyd George. Trenchard outlined the general air situation and provided recommendations for action. Lloyd George pressed for Mannheim to be bombed forthwith which Trenchard resisted, seeing it as a tokenistic attempt at revenge. However, on his return to France, Trenchard did begin making preparations for a strategic bombing campaign against the Germans and contrary to his advice two fighter squadrons were withdrawn from the Front and assigned to daylight patrolling duties over the English Channel. The German Air Service capitalized on the Flying Corps' weakened state in France, bombing towns, trenches, ammunition dumps and depots. The British corps commanders then pressed Trenchard to make air protection his top priority which Trenchard rejected as he was focussed on bombing and reconnoitring the German rear in preparation for Haig's next offensive.
After London was bombed for a second time, the Government tasked General Jan Smuts with investigating the arrangements for governing the British air services. His report was issued by August 1917 and it recommended the establishment of an independent air force which would be managed by its own government ministry. Trenchard received an advanced copy and expressed his disagreement. In Trenchard's view, the disruption that would be caused by merging the two air services and particularly by creating a separate ministry would detract from the vital task of pressing home the recently gained advantages in the air over the Western Front.
From 28 September to 1 October, German Gothas and Zeppelins bombed London once more. The British Cabinet wanted immediate action and Trenchard was summoned from France again. Trenchard arrived by air on 2 October, making an emergency landing at Lympne in Kent after the flight of aircraft carrying him and his staff had been mistaken for a German air raid. On his arrival in London, Trenchard briefed the Cabinet that his first bomber airfield at Ochey near Nancy was ready and Lloyd George urged that the bombing begin as soon as possible. Trenchard's visit to the British capital also afforded him the opportunity of discussing the future of the air services with Smuts. Trenchard stated his concerns, in particular that the planning for a future air force was based upon grossly unrealistic figures for aircraft production.
Strategic bombing of German industry
In October, British bombers arrived at Ochey and became the first elements of the newly created 41st Wing under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Cyril Newall. Preparations for bombing missions then began in earnest and only six days later two flights of de Havilland aircraft conducted the Flying Corps' first long-range bombing mission. The Burbach iron foundry was hit, as were other buildings and railway lines. A week later Handley Page aircraft of the 41st Wing conducted the first night-time bombing raid at long range. Bombing continued into November until the winter weather commenced.
In London, the propaganda value of the raids was what mattered most to the Government and Trenchard was praised as a commander and organizer of the highest order. Trenchard himself disliked conducting a campaign to satisfy political concerns even though he had the freedom to select targets. More specifically, Trenchard wished to concentrate his forces on supporting the Army rather than divide his limited number of aircraft between two unrelated bombing campaigns.
Replacement
During December 1917, Trenchard remained GOC the Royal Flying Corps in the Field and spent Christmas at his old headquarters at Saint-Omer. There had been much discussion about whether Trenchard might continue as GOC whilst simultaneously holding the post of Chief of the Air Staff in the soon-to-be created Royal Air Force. In the end it was decided that such an arrangement was impractical and Trenchard was succeeded in France by Major-General John Salmond.
Notes
References
Hugh Trenchard, 1st Viscount Trenchard
Royal Flying Corps
Cor (English: "color") is the fourth studio album by Brazilian duo Anavitória, released by surprise on 1 January 2021. Produced by Tó Bandileone (from 5 a Seco) and member Ana Caetano, it was prepared during the COVID-19 pandemic.
All tracks in the album received videos published on YouTube and directed by Leonardo Lobo, doismilium and Gabriela de Melo, except "Eu Sei Quem É Você", directed by Belle. The album cover was taken from the video for the opening track "Amarelo, Azul e Branco".
Production
The album was recorded in Itaipava, a neighborhood of Petrópolis, a city in the mountainous regions of the state of Rio de Janeiro. Its title came to Ana Caetano's mind during a trip between Petrolina (Pernambuco) and Juazeiro do Norte (Ceará) on 14 December 2019. It's a three-letter word meant to allude to the fact that Cor is their third album of original songs and that the group involves three people (Caetano, Vitória Falcão and manager Felipe Simas). Caetano commented that the number three is also a representation of the union of the body, the spirit and the mind.
On 31 December 2020, the duo published a picture on their Instagram account (which would later be revealed as the album cover) and the subtitle "COR, 00:00".
Cor opens with "Amarelo, Azul e Branco", an autobiographical song in which Rita Lee recites some verses. The second track, "Te Amar É Massa Demais", has elements of samba-reggae and Mauro Ferreira from G1 considered "Explodir" the "romantic pop fofolk typical of the band".
Critical reception
Mauro Ferreira, from G1, called the production "outsticking" to the extent that, in some moments (such as "Tenta Acreditar"), he considered it and the arrangements to be more interesting than the tracks themselves. He noted that the album is "too long for the 2020s phonographic standards", but praised the fact that the duo did not release it "sliced" in EPs or singles, as he states it has become "usual in the market". He finished his review saying that Cor "exposes Ana Caetano and Vitória Falcão still stuck to a past that brought them premature glory" and that "it's hard not to allow oneself to be enslaved by success".
Accolades
Track listing
Personnel
Data for "Cigarra" and "[dia 34]" unavailable.
Musicians
Ana Caetano – co-lead vocals on all tracks; choir on "Lisboa"
Vitória Falcão – co-lead vocals on all tracks except "Ainda É Tempo"
Tó Bandileone – guitar on all tracks except "Ainda É Tempo"; acoustic guitar on "Tenta Acreditar" and "Abril"; ukelele and percussion on "Cigarra" and "Lisboa"; programming on all tracks except "Ainda É Tempo"; bass synth on "Tenta Acreditar", "Selva", "Ainda É Tempo" and "Terra"; whistle on "Explodir"; synthesizer on "Explodir", "Carvoeiro" and "Lisboa"; mandolin and synth on "Eu Sei Quem É Você"; choir on "Explodir" and "Lisboa"
Conrado Goys – guitar on all tracks except "Te Amar É Massa Demais", "Cigarra" and "Ainda É Tempo"; acoustic guitar on "Te Amar É Massa Demais", "Explodir", "Selva", "Eu Sei Quem É Você", "Terra", "Te Procuro", "Carvoeiro" and "Lisboa"
Maro – acoustic guitar on "Explodir" and "Lisboa"
Fabio Sá – bass on all tracks; esraj on "Tenta Acreditar"
Mari Jacintho – keyboards on all tracks except "Cigarra" and "Ainda É Tempo", in which she plays the piano, and "Tenta Acreditar", "Terra", "Carvoeiro" and "Lisboa"
Valmir Bessa – drums on all tracks except "Ainda É Tempo" and "Lisboa"
Felipe Roseno – percussion on all tracks except "Ainda É Tempo", "Eu Sei Quem É Você", "Abril", "Te Procuro" and "Carvoeiro"
Will Bone – trumpet, saxophone and tuba on "Amarelo, Azul e Branco", "Explodir", "Selva" and "Terra"; trombone on "Amarelo, Azul e Branco", "Explodir", "Selva", "Terra" and "Lisboa"; flute on "Selva" and "Terra"
Maria Beraldo – clarinet and bass clarinet on "Lisboa"
Guest musicians
Rita Lee – spoken words on "Amarelo, Azul e Branco"
Lenine – co-lead vocals on "Lisboa"
Technical personnel
Tó Brandileone – recording
Ricardo Mosca – recording and mixing
Carlos Freitas – Mastering at Classic Master USA studios
Gabriela Schmdt – cover picture
Isadora Silveira – production direction
Felipe Simas – executive direction
Notes
References
Portuguese-language albums
Pop albums by Brazilian artists
Anavitória albums
2021 albums
Latin Grammy Award for Best Portuguese Language Contemporary Pop Album
U.S. Route 28 (US 28) was an east–west United States Numbered Highway that was located completely in the U.S. state of Oregon. It connected US 99 in Eugene with US 30 in Ontario. It existed from 1926 to 1952.
History
In 1937, US 28 was truncated from Florence to Eugene, which then became its western terminus in Eugene. US 28 was replaced with US 26 when US 26 was extended from Wyoming to the Pacific Ocean in 1952. The portion of US 28 from Ontario to Prineville became US 26. That highway then continued in a northwesterly direction to Portland and Astoria. From Prineville to Eugene, US 28 became U.S. Route 126, now known as Oregon Route 126.
Route description
US 28 began at US 99 in Eugene before continuing to Sisters and Redmond, where the route met US 97. Continuing east, the highway traveled concurrently with US 395 to Prineville.
At the intersection with Route 126, the old designation of US 28 follows US 26 and picks up the Ochoco Highway No. 41, which also follows OR 126 west to US 97 in Redmond. The Ochoco Highway ends at OR 19 near Dayville, from which US 28 followed the John Day Highway No. 5 through John Day to US 20 in Vale. The remainder of US 28 in Oregon overlapped US 20 on the Central Oregon Highway No. 7 to the Idaho state line.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
Endpoints of U.S. Highway 28
28
U.S. Highways in Oregon
Transportation in Lane County, Oregon
Transportation in Deschutes County, Oregon
Transportation in Crook County, Oregon
Transportation in Wheeler County, Oregon
Transportation in Grant County, Oregon
Transportation in Baker County, Oregon
Transportation in Malheur County, Oregon
U.S. Route 26
28
Asturias F.C. (currently Centro Asturiano de México) was a sports club located in Mexico City, established in 1918. The squad played in the Liga Mexicana de Football Amateur Association, the first and main league prior to the professionalisation and development of the Primera División de México in 1943.
Asturias would overcome Real Club España, club along which were known as the "foreign legion (Legión extranjera)" in the 1943–44 season after finishing with a similar record. The first final in the Mexican professional league was won by Asturias after beating R.C. España by 4–1 and thus becoming the first champion in the professional era. The club was managed by Ernesto Pauler.
Besides having the honour of being the first champion in the professional league, Asturias also holds the record for most Copa Mexico wins with 8.
History
The club was established as "Club Asturias" on 7 February 1918 when a group of Asturian immigrants made up by José Menéndez Aleu, Ángel H. Díaz and Antonio Martínez got together and decided to establish a football club that would represent their Asturian heritage.
The main goal was to unite all the Spaniards who had emigrated from Asturias to Mexico, and so imitatively the club enrolled into the Primera Fuerza but the league would only admit the club if they beat Germania, América and Tigres. They managed to beat Germania by 3–0, Tigres by 1–0 but only drew 3–3 against América, so the club would not be allowed to join the league. The club decided to form its own league calling it "Unión Nacional de Association Foot-Ball". The league would be played in the Campo Asturias which was constructed in the Paseo de la Reforma of Mexico City. The league would not charge any fee to watch the games, which encouraged locals to attend this league and not the Primera Fuerza. With this problem in hand the Primera Fuerza changed its mind and allowed the club to take part in the upcoming 1919 tournament. In 1920 the club hired Scottish former player Gerald Brown and the club managed to win its first tournament by winning the 1920 Copa Covadonga. In 1921 the club changed its name to "Sección Deportiva del Centro Asturiano".
This club would go on to win important cups like the Copa Centenario in 1921. The club would also win the most Copa Mexico in its history before being dissolved in 1996 winning a total of eight, one more than Necaxa. This club also had the honour of being the first champion in the professional era after financing the 1943–44 tournament tied with Real Club España, where a decisive game had to play in the Asturias Park where the club defeated Real Club España 4–1.
The club would go on to play a few more years in the league, finishing no better than fifth until after the 1949–50 tournament along with Real Club España and Moctezuma de Orizaba retired from the league due to differences with the Federation. Necaxa (México), an old Primera Fuerza member who didn't accept professionalism in 1943, re-joined to fill the vacant place.
Primera Fuerza campaigns
These are all the Statistics from the club's participation in the Primera Fuerza from 1919–1943 except for the 1921–22 and the 1930–31 tournament which was not held, also the 1934–35 which is missing.
After the 1942–43 tournament the league became professional and changed its name to the Liga Mayor.
Primera División de México
After this season, Asturias, Real Club España and Moctezuma de Orizaba retired from the league due to differences with the Federation. Necaxa (México), an old Primera Fuerza member which didn't accept professionalism in 1943, re-joined for next season.
Honours
Liga Mexicana de Football Amateur (2): 1922–23, 1938–39
Copa México (8): 1921–22, 1922–23, 1923–24, 1933–34, 1936–37, 1938–39, 1939–40, 1940–41
Primera División (1): 1943–44
Goal Scorer Title
Roberto Aballay (1944–45), (40 goals)
See also
Centro Asturiano de México
Asturians
References
External links
Official website
Association football clubs established in 1918
Football clubs in Mexico City
1918 establishments in Mexico
Asturian diaspora
1950 disestablishments in Mexico
Association football clubs disestablished in 1950
Diaspora sports clubs
Primera Fuerza teams
Spanish-Mexican culture
The 2018–19 Palestine Cup is the 2018–19 season of the top football cup in Palestine.
There are two competitions, the Gaza Strip Cup for clubs in the Gaza Strip, and the West Bank Cup for clubs in the West Bank. A two-legged Palestine Cup final is played between the cup winners of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank.
Gaza Strip Cup
Preliminary round
|-
!colspan=3|17 Dec 2018
|-
!colspan=3|18 Dec 2018
|}
Round of 32
|-
!colspan=3|23 Mar 2019
|-
!colspan=3|24 Mar 2019
|-
!colspan=3|25 Mar 2019
|-
!colspan=3|26 Mar 2019
|}
Round of 16
|-
!colspan=3|1 Apr 2019
|-
!colspan=3|2 Apr 2019
|}
Quarter-finals
|-
!colspan=3|8 Apr 2019
|-
!colspan=3|9 Apr 2019
|-
!colspan=3|11 Apr 2019
|}
Semi-finals
|-
!colspan=3|16 Apr 2019
|}
Final
|-
!colspan=3|22 Apr 2019
|}
West Bank Cup
Preliminary round 1
|-
!colspan=3|14 Dec 2018
|-
!colspan=3|15 Dec 2018
|-
!colspan=3|21 Dec 2018
|-
!colspan=3|24 Dec 2018
|-
!colspan=3|25 Dec 2018
|-
!colspan=3|28 Dec 2018
|}
Preliminary round 2
|-
!colspan=3|18 Dec 2018
|-
!colspan=3|21 Dec 2018
|-
!colspan=3|1 Jan 2019
|}
Round of 32
|-
!colspan=3|3 Feb 2019
|-
!colspan=3|4 Feb 2019
|-
!colspan=3|5 Feb 2019
|-
!colspan=3|11 Feb 2019
|-
!colspan=3|12 Feb 2019
|-
!colspan=3|20 Feb 2019
|}
Round of 16
|-
!colspan=3|8 Mar 2019
|-
!colspan=3|9 Mar 2019
|-
!colspan=3|18 May 2019
|}
Quarter-finals
|-
!colspan=3|17 May 2019
|-
!colspan=3|22 May 2019
|}
Semi-finals
|-
!colspan=3|25 May 2019
|-
!colspan=3|26 May 2019
|}
Final
|-
!colspan=3|1 Jun 2019
|}
Palestine Cup Final
The second leg was originally to be played on 3 July 2019. However, the match was postponed after Israel denied permits for all but 4 of Khadamat Rafah's players to travel to the West Bank, reportedly due to security concerns. In September 2019, the game was cancelled entirely after the decision by the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories (COGAT) was upheld by a court.
See also
2018–19 West Bank Premier League
2018–19 Gaza Strip Premier League
References
Palestine Cup
Palestine
Cup
The Church of God, with headquarters in Cleveland, Tennessee, United States, is a Holiness Pentecostal Christian denomination. The Church of God's publishing house is Pathway Press.
History
Origins (1886–1902)
R. G. Spurling (1857–1935), a Missionary Baptist minister, and his father Richard Spurling (1810–91), an ordained elder, rejected some of the views of the Baptists in his area as not being in accord with New Testament Christianity. R. G. Spurling disagreed with Landmarkism, an ecclesiology which held that only churches descending from churches with Baptist doctrine were part of the true Church, and that they should not associate with Christians of other traditions. Spurling felt that there needed to be another reformation of the Church that went beyond the Protestant Reformation so that Christians would be united together by love and not by creeds, which he believed were divisive. As long as something was not contrary to the New Testament, believers should be able to practice their faith in the form they chose.
Even though not intending to form a new church or denomination, their rejection of Landmarkist values placed them in conflict with traditional churches in that area. Within a short period of time it became clear that they would not be allowed to remain as members of their churches. On August 19, 1886, after being barred from his local Baptist church, R.G. Spurling and eight others organized the Christian Union at the Barney Creek Meeting House in Monroe County, Tennessee. They agreed to free themselves from man-made creeds and unite upon the principles of the New Testament. Between 1889 and 1895, Spurling organized three other congregations, all with the name Christian Union, each functioning independently under Baptist polity. While this group would later disband and its members return to their original churches, the Church of God traces its origins to this 1886 meeting.
In 1896, three Tennessee evangelists (William Martin, Joe M. Tipton, and Milton McNabb) with links to Benjamin H. Irwin's Fire-Baptized Holiness Church brought the message of entire sanctification to the western North Carolina countryside when they held a revival in the Shearer Schoolhouse near Camp Creek in Cherokee County. A feature of this revival was that some participants, including children, spoke in tongues when they experienced sanctification (this was later understood to be the baptism of the Holy Ghost, as spoken of in Acts 2). This phenomenon caused great excitement and controversy in the community, and leading Baptist and Methodist leaders soon denounced the revival. Several of the worshiper's homes, as well as a provisional meeting house were burned by mobs opposing the new revival.
The worshipers began to meet in the house of William F. Bryant (1863–1949), a Baptist deacon prior to his joining the holiness movement, who assumed leadership of the group. R.G. Spurling often worshiped with the small fellowship and was the driving force behind its 1902 decision to organize into a church, called the Holiness Church at Camp Creek. Organization was made necessary because Irwin's more fanatical teachings were influencing the movement, and there was a need for authority to discipline erring members.
Tomlinson era (1903–1923)
It would be Ambrose Jessup Tomlinson and his organizational skills, however, that would be responsible for the growth of the Camp Creek Holiness Church into a national denomination. A Quaker and colporteur (the publishing and distribution of religious materials) for the American Bible Society, Tomlinson had received the sanctification experience (but had not spoken in tongues) and had connections with Frank Sandford's Shiloh church in Durham, Maine. While not an ordained minister, churches often invited him to preach. The church at Camp Creek had known Tomlinson for seven years before they asked him to join their church in 1903. After climbing what is now known as Prayer Mountain in Murphy, North Carolina (located within the Fields of the Wood park), and reportedly being divinely assured that this fledgling church was indeed God's reestablishment of the New Testament church, Tomlinson joined the church and was soon elected its pastor. This allowed Spurling and Bryant to pursue evangelism. Fourteen new members were added to the church in the first year of Tomlinson's pastorate, and other churches were soon established in Georgia and Tennessee.
By 1905, there was a desire for greater organization among the churches. Delegates from four churches met at Camp Creek (approximately a mile northwest of Fields of the Wood) in January 1906 to conduct the 1st General Assembly of the "Churches of East Tennessee, North Georgia, and Western North Carolina." Though the intention was still to avoid the creation of a creed and denomination, the members' consensus on certain endeavors and standards laid the groundwork for the future denomination. The Assembly declared, "We hope and trust that no person or body of people will ever use these minutes, or any part of them, as articles of faith upon which to establish a sect or denomination," and that the General Assembly was not "a legislative or executive body, [but] judicial only." The 1st Assembly decided that foot washing was on the same level as the sacrament of communion and, like other holiness groups, condemned the use of tobacco. Tomlinson served as moderator and secretary. The name "Church of God" was adopted in 1907, and Tomlinson was elected general overseer in 1909.
The Church of God was a part of the holiness movement and believed in entire sanctification as a definite experience occurring after salvation. While individuals had spoken in tongues in the 1896 revival, tongues were not yet understood by the Church of God to be the initial evidence of baptism in the Holy Spirit. As news of the Azusa Street Revival began to spread and reach the Southeast, Church of God adherents began to seek and obtain Spirit baptism. Tomlinson was one of these seekers. In June 1907, he traveled to Birmingham, Alabama, to attend a meeting of M. M. Pinson and Gaston B. Cashwell. After being baptized in the Spirit at Azusa Street, Cashwell had returned to the South, spreading the revival and bringing many holiness groups into the Pentecostal fold. Tomlinson invited Cashwell to preach in Cleveland, Tennessee. It was there, under Cashwell's preaching, that Tomlinson received the Pentecostal blessing. After Tomlinson's experience, the Church of God's emphasis changed from being mainly holiness in nature, to being both holiness and Pentecostal, and it has identified that way ever since.
In 1910, the official publication, "The Church of God Evangel," was founded, and it remains the oldest continuous Pentecostal publication. Growth followed in the years after organization. In 1902, there was one church with 20 members. By 1910, there were 1,005 members in 31 churches throughout the Southeastern United States.
Statistics
On the church's website, it reports that in 2020, they had 36,000 churches and 7 million members in 178 countries.
Name
The precise legal name of this body is "Church of God". After a protracted court case involving donations intended for the use of its orphanages being received by other groups using the same name, the Supreme Court of Tennessee determined that it alone was entitled to use the simple name Church of God in 1953. The group however uses Church of God (Cleveland, Tennessee) in order to distinguish it from other bodies that use "Church of God" in their titles.
Clergy
The Church of God recognizes three ranks of credentialed ministers: Exhorter (initial level), Ordained Minister (intermediate level), and Ordained Bishop (the highest level). Exhorters are authorized to preach, serve as evangelists, and serve as pastor of a church. Ordained Ministers are further authorized to baptize converts, receive new church members, administer sacraments or ordinances, solemnize marriages, and establish churches. In addition to the rights and privileges held by Exhorters and Ordained Ministers, Ordained Bishops are authorized to assist in ordination ceremonies. State/regional overseers are designated "Administrative Bishops," International Executive Committee members as "Executive Bishops," and the General Overseer as "Presiding Bishop." Women are eligible to be Exhorters and Ordained Ministers; however, only men can become Ordained Bishops. There are also categories of Licensed Minister of Christian Education and Licensed Minister of Music.
Beliefs
The Church has a Pentecostal confession of faith.
Structure
International
The Church of God is a hierarchical church with an episcopal polity. The Church of God's highest judicial body is the International General Assembly. This body has "full power and authority to designate the teaching, government, principles, and practices" of the Church of God. Meeting every two years, the General Assembly's voting membership includes all lay members, credentialed ministers of the Church of God, and members 16 years of age or older, but to vote one must be present and registered. The General Assembly is responsible for electing the church's executive officers. These are the general overseer, the three assistant general overseers, and the secretary general. In addition, it elects the directors of the church's missionary and Christian education ministries.
Higher education
The Church of God operates Lee University, a Christian Liberal Arts university in Cleveland, Tennessee, established in 1918. In response to the need for a graduate seminary, the Church of God Graduate School of Christian Ministries opened in 1975. Its name was changed to the Church of God Theological Seminary and then again to the Pentecostal Theological Seminary (PTS) with the hopes of appealing to a broader student base.
Related bodies
Church of God (Chattanooga) (org. 1917)
Church of God with Signs Following (org. circa 1922)
Church of God of Prophecy (org. 1923)
Church of God, House of Prayer (org. 1939)
Church of God (Huntsville, Alabama) (org. 1943)
The Church of God (Jerusalem Acres) (org. 1957)
The Church of God for All Nations (org. 1981)
Church of God (Charleston, Tennessee) (org. 1993)
Recent history
During the latter half of the twentieth century, the Church of God gradually relaxed what they call their "Practical Commitments". These are separate from their Declaration of Faith, which are the biblical beliefs of the church. These practical commitments are the social practices of the church, and originally included "That members dress according to the teachings of the New Testament," "That our members conform to the Scripture relative to outward adornment and to the use of cosmetics, etc. that create an unnatural appearance," as well as other admonitions concerning hair, ornamental jewelry, "mixed bathing" (i.e., mixed swimming), television/movies, dances, and "worldly amusements." Many of these practical commitments were modified as the church adapted to ministry outside of its southeastern U.S. roots; however, the Declaration of Faith has not been modified since its adoption in 1948.
In 2007, the denomination had 6 million members worldwide.
Notable ministers
Charles Paul Conn – Chancellor of Lee University
Paul Walker - President of Lee University
Raymond F. Culpepper – 1st Assistant General Overseer
Mark L. Williams - senior Pastor North Clevel Church of God and former General Overseer
G. Dennis McGuire – Former General Overseer
Marcus Lamb - Founder of Daystar Television Network
Jason D. Swaggerty - Senior Evangelist from Georgia, founder of Daniel Swaggerty Ministries and Breaking Chains Ministries.
See also
Church of God (Anderson, Indiana)
Church of God (Guthrie, Oklahoma)
Church of God (Huntsville, Alabama)
The Church of God (Charleston, Tennessee)
Protestantism in the United States
List of the largest Protestant bodies
Christianity in the United States
Notes
References
.
.
Crew, Michael. The Church of God: A Social History. University of Tennessee Press, 1990.
.
.
Bibliography
Conn, Charles W. Where the Saints Have Trod: A History of Church of God Missions. Cleveland: Pathway Press, 1957.
Robins, R.G. Tomlinson. Plainfolk Modernist. Oxford: University Press, 2004.
External links
Official website of the Church of God (Cleveland, Tennessee) in the Philippines
Official website of the Church of God (Cleveland, Tennessee) in Canada
Official website of the Church of God (Cleveland, Tennessee) in Australia, New Zealand, and the Pacific Islands
Official website of the Church of God(Cleveland, Tennessee)in India, Kerala State
Cleveland, Tennessee
Religious organizations established in 1886
Pentecostalism in Tennessee
Pentecostalism in the United States
Church of God denominations
Pentecostal denominations in North America
Christian denominations established in the 19th century
1886 establishments in Tennessee
Members of the National Association of Evangelicals
Evangelical denominations in North America
Holiness Pentecostals
Rheine-Hopsten Air Base is a former German Air Force military airfield, located 9.3 km north east of Rheine in Westphalia, Germany. The runway was closed in 2005 with the retirement of the F-4F Phantom II aircraft.
History
In 1939 works to build an airfield for the Luftwaffe began. These works were completed in 1940.
World War II
Hopsten airfield played only a secondary role as an operational base for the Luftwaffe in the opening stages of World War II. In the years between 1939 and 1944, the airfield was used only for short periods by different day and night fighter units as well as various bomber wings.
As part of the "Defense of the Reich Campaign" begun in 1944 as Allied air attacks became more intense against Nazi Germany, Hopsten airfield became a hub for a multitude of Luftwaffe activity. Daily operations were conducted with the Messerschmitt Bf 109, Bf 110, Heinkel He 111, He 219 and Focke Wulf 190 aircraft. Starting in September 1944, the Messerschmitt Me 262 equipped Kampfgeschwader 51 (KG 51) "Edelweiß" was stationed at Hopsten. Known Luftwaffe units assigned to the airfield were:
II./Jagdgeschwader 1 Oesau from Drope near Lingen.
III./Jagdgeschwader 1 from Rheine-Bentlage AB.
Stab and I./Jagdgeschwader 26 Schlageter from Drope and Fürstenau,
II./Jagdgeschwader 26 from Nordhorn,
III./Jagdgeschwader 26 from Plantlünne,
Stab and l./Jagdgeschwader 27 Afrika from Rheine-Bentlage,
II./ Jagdgeschwader 27 based locally at Hopsten,
III./Jagdgeschwader 27 from Hesepe,
IV./ Jagdgeschwader 27 from Achmer and
III./Jagdgeschwader 54 Grünherz with its JG 190D-9 from Varrelbusch, Vörden and Fürstenau.
Towards the end of the war, Hopsten Airfield was a frequent target for allied air raids. But due to the extremely heavy air defence - with up to 500 AAA guns based in the vicinity of the airfield- and the fast repairs done to the runways, it remained relatively intact. Good camouflage and widely dispersed aircraft parking kept the airfield operational until the occupation by British troops. During the last days of the war, German units destroyed the infrastructure and made the airfield useless.
RAF Advanced Landing Ground B-112
British forces moved through the area in early April 1945 after their crossing of the Rhine river (Operation Varsity) at Wesel. The Royal Air Force established a temporary presence at the airfield and it was designated as Advanced Landing Ground B-112 Hopsten on 6 April 1945.
After the war ended in May, the British decided it was not worth the effort to rehabilitate the airfield and it was abandoned.
Return to German military control
In 1956, only a few months after the establishment of the Bundeswehr, the new German Air Force began to set up new units and therefore needed airfields. In 1959, three years later, the German Defence Ministry decided to use the area of the former Hopsten airfield to build a new airfield from the ruins of the former World War II airfield .
Paid with NATO funds, specialized companies from the region were tasked to build a completely new airfield to modern NATO Standards, the north to south runway was 3,000 meters long and 30 meters wide, was constructed between the villages of Dreierwalde and Hopsten in the North and Hörstel in the South.
Ramp space, airfield infrastructure and roads, as well as a housing and administration complex in the city of Rheine eight kilometers away, were completed to new NATO standards for Western Europe. The old name of Hopsten was kept. It was the first new German airfield built to NATO standards.
In 1961 the new Jagdbombergeschwader 36 (JG 36) was equipped with United States Republic F-84F Thunderstreak jet fighter-bomber aircraft. The Wing held its first Open House on 16 June 1962. A crowd of 150,000 visitors attended from the Münster region, acknowledging the achievements of the wing personnel during the build-up phase.
In 1965 JG 36 received Lockheed F-104G Starfighters. On 4 February 1975, the Wing Commander Oberst Winfried Schwenke would bring the first assigned F-4F Phantom II with the serial 37+97 to Hopsten. As the F-4F Phantom II was a multirole aircraft, JG 36, would gain the secondary task of air defence.
References
The "Westfalen-Wing" in Rheine-Hopsten
Military Airfield Directory Rheine-Hopsten Airbase
heine-Hopsten Airbase Fly-Out
Johnson, David C. (1988), U.S. Army Air Forces Continental Airfields (ETO), D-Day to V-E Day; Research Division, USAF Historical Research Center, Maxwell AFB, Alabama.
German airbases
Defunct airports in Germany
Buildings and structures in North Rhine-Westphalia
Airports in North Rhine-Westphalia
Jared A. Ball (born 1971 in Washington, D.C.) is a professor of communication studies at Morgan State University in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. Additionally, he is an author, radio host and mixtape radio producer. In the 2008 presidential election, Ball sought the nomination of the Green Party of the United States before eventually dropping out and endorsing Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney.
Education and career
Ball is a graduate of the University of Maryland at College Park, the Cornell Africana Studies and Research Center at Cornell University and Frostburg State University. Ball is the author of The Myth and Propaganda of Black Buying Power (Palgrave Macmillan, 2020), I Mix What I Like! A Mixtape Manifesto and co-editor of A Lie of Reinvention: Correcting Manning Marable's Malcolm X, a critique of Manning Marable's Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention. He has also been known for his work on Pacifica Radio, Black Agenda Report and iMiXWHATiLiKE.ORG.
References
External links
Ball's faculty page at Morgan State University
1971 births
21st-century American politicians
Activists for African-American civil rights
African-American academics
African-American non-fiction writers
American non-fiction writers
African-American candidates for President of the United States
American radio hosts
Cornell University alumni
Frostburg State University alumni
Living people
Maryland Greens
Morgan State University faculty
Candidates in the 2008 United States presidential election
University of Maryland, College Park alumni
21st-century African-American politicians
20th-century African-American people
Cheewhat Giant, also known as the Cheewhat Lake Cedar, is a large western red cedar (Thuja plicata) tree located within Pacific Rim National Park Reserve on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada. It is the largest living Western redcedar, the largest known tree in Canada and one of the largest in the world.
History
The tree was discovered in 1988 within the already established Pacific Rim National Park Reserve. It was named after nearby Cheewhat Lake. With the death of the () Quinault Lake Cedar in 2016, the Cheewhat Lake tree became the world's largest living Western redcedar.
See also
Red Creek Fir - largest Douglas-fir in the world, also located on Vancouver Island
Duncan Cedar - the largest Western redcedar in the United States, located on the Olympic Peninsula
List of individual trees
List of superlative trees
References
Individual trees in British Columbia
Individual western redcedar trees
St. Paul's Episcopal Church is a historic Carpenter Gothic-style Episcopal church building located at F and Taylor Streets in Virginia City, Nevada, United States. It was built in 1876 to replace an earlier church that had burned down in 1875. St Paul's Parish, founded on September 1, 1861, is still an active congregation in the Episcopal Diocese of Nevada.
St. Paul's Episcopal Church is a contributing property in the Virginia City Historic District which was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Nevada
St. Peter's Episcopal Church (Carson City, Nevada)
References
External links
Flickr photo of church today
Churches in Storey County, Nevada
Buildings and structures in Virginia City, Nevada
Episcopal church buildings in Nevada
Historic district contributing properties in Nevada
National Register of Historic Places in Storey County, Nevada
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada
19th-century Episcopal church buildings
Churches completed in 1876
1861 establishments in Nevada Territory
Religious organizations established in 1861
Historic American Buildings Survey in Nevada
Carpenter Gothic church buildings in Nevada
The island night lizard (Xantusia riversiana) is a species of night lizard native to three of the Channel Islands of California: San Nicolas Island, Santa Barbara Island, and San Clemente Island. A small number of island night lizards also live on Sutil Island, near Santa Barbara Island.
Etymology
The specific name, riversiana, is in honor of James John Rivers (1824–1913), a London-born physician and naturalist, who was Curator of Natural History at the University of California.
Subspecies
The San Clemente Island population is a recognized subspecies, the San Clemente night lizard (Xantusia riversiana reticulata).
Conservation status
The Island night lizard was listed as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act (ESA) in the United States since 1977; the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) lists the species as vulnerable. In 2006, the US Fish and Wildlife Service, the administrating agency for the ESA, removed the San Clemente subspecies from the ESA. Better control of munitions-sparked wildfires may have been a reason. In March 2014, The US Fish and Wildlife Service removed the species from the Federal List of Threatened and Endangered Wildlife. This removal was attributed to the removal of non-native animals such as cats and goats from the islands and partnering between the US Fish and Wildlife Service and the US Navy.
Habitat
The island night lizard's preferred habitat is coastal scrub made up of dense boxthorn and cacti thickets.
Reproduction
Like other night lizards, the island night lizard bears live young rather than laying eggs. The island night lizard is much larger than another species in the genus Xantusia, the desert night lizard (Xantusia vigilis) of southern California.
Description
Island night lizards are typically between in length, not including the tail. They typically live between 11 and 13 years, but some individuals are estimated to have lived 30 years or more. Their color varies from pale ash gray and beige to brown and black. They may have uniform, mottled, and striped patterns.
See also
Island fence lizard
References
Sources
"Island Night Lizard Removed from Endangered Species List Due to Recovery." Pacific Southwest Region - US Fish & Wildlife Service. United States Fish and Wildlife Service, 31 Mar. 2014. Web. 24 Apr. 2014. <http://www.fws.gov/cno/press/release.cfm?rid=594>.
Further reading
Behler JL, King FW (1979). The Audubon Society Field Guide to North American Reptiles and Amphibians. New York: Alfred A. Knopf. 743 pp. . (Xantusia riversiana, p. 551 + Plate 408).
Boulenger GA (1885). Catalogue of the Lizards in the British Museum (Natural History). Second Edition. Volume II. ... Xantusiidæ ... London: Trustees of the British Museum (Natural History). (Taylor and Francis, printers). xiii + 497 pp. + Plates I-XXIV. (Xantusia riversiana, p. 327).
Cope ED (1883). "Notes on the Geographical Distribution of Batrachia and Reptilia in Western North America". Proc. Acad. Nat. Sci. Philadelphia 35: 10–35. (Xantusia riversiana, new species, pp. 29–32).
Smith HM (1946). "A subspecies of the lizard Xantusia riversiana ". J. Washington Acad. Sci. 36 (11): 392–393. (Xantusia riversiana reticulata, new subspecies).
Smith HM, Brodie ED Jr (1982). Reptiles of North America: A Guide to Field Identification. New York: Golden Press. 240 pp. (paperback), (hardcover). (Klauberina riversiana, pp. 84–85).
Stebbins RC (2003). A Field Guide to Western Reptiles and Amphibians, Third Edition. The Peterson Field Guide Series ®. Boston and New York: Houghton Mifflin Company. xiii + 533 pp. . (Xantusia riversiana, p. 309 + Plate 35 + Map 76).
Stejneger L, Barbour T (1917). A Check List of North American Amphibians and Reptiles. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press. 125 pp. (Xantusia riversiana, p. 64).
Xantusia
Reptiles of the United States
Endemic fauna of California
Fauna of the Channel Islands of California
Fauna of the California chaparral and woodlands
Lizards of North America
Reptiles described in 1883
Taxa named by Edward Drinker Cope
The Chicago Pacific Corporation was a shell corporation created from the remains of the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad. It managed to use much of the capital made from the liquidation of the Rock Island to acquire non-rail ventures such as The Hoover Company, Pennsylvania House/Kittinger, Inc., and Rowenta A.G.. In 1988, the now profitable company was acquired by the Maytag Corporation.
References
Holding companies established in 1984
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad
American companies established in 1984
The Judge John L. Buckley House is a house in Enterprise, Mississippi listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house is built in the bungalow style. Many of the bungalows built in Clarke County in the 1920s were one-story, undistinguished standardized housing. The Buckley House is more notable than these because of its detailing, which incorporated Colonial design elements. It is also somewhat larger, being one and a half stories tall, and it has a low-pitched roof with broad gables and a wraparound porch. It incorporates traditional design elements into a more modern residential design, and is one of the most sophisticated bungalow designs in Clarke County.
References
Houses completed in 1920
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Houses in Clarke County, Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places in Clarke County, Mississippi
Donald R. Pierce (born April 13, 1937) is a retired U.S. Racing Hall of Fame jockey in thoroughbred horse racing.
Based in California, Pierce earned his first win in 1954 and went on to become a leading jockey in the 1960s and 1970s. In 1967, he was voted the George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award which honors a rider whose career and personal conduct exemplifies the very best example of participants in the sport of thoroughbred racing. Of this recognition by his peers, Pierce said "I've got the trophy sitting on my mantle and it's very important to me. Without a doubt, it ranks close to anything I ever achieved in racing. It's very, very special."
Pierce was a four-time winner of California's most prestigious race, the Santa Anita Handicap, and twice won the most important West Coast race for three-year-olds, the Santa Anita Derby. Out of five appearances in the Kentucky Derby, his best result came in 1980 edition when he rode Elmendorf Farm's Super Moment to a fourth-place finish. The 1979 Preakness Stakes was his only appearance in that race in which he finished fourth aboard Flying Paster.
Between 1969 and 1973, Pierce set a California stakes race record by winning five straight editions of the Los Angeles Handicap.
During his career, Don Pierce won riding titles at New York state's Saratoga Race Course and Belmont Park. After not riding at Del Mar for six years, he returned to compete there in 1966 and won the riding title. In addition, he led all jockeys in North America with 32 stakes wins.
Retired and living in Encinitas, not far from the Del Mar Racetrack. As of 2007, he was still involved in the industry, maintaining an ownership stake in at least one racehorse. In 2010 he was back to a familiar lifestyle, getting up in the middle of the night to get to work by 4:30 am at the Del Mar track to be part of the clocker crew.
In 2010, Don Pierce received racing's highest honor when he was voted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.
His brother, Larry Pierce, was also a jockey who rode on the West Coast. There, he was known for his success at race tracks in Washington state and in 2008 was inducted into the Washington Racing Hall of Fame.
References
1937 births
Living people
American jockeys
United States Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame inductees
People from McCurtain County, Oklahoma
Jade Francis Castro (born August 21, 1978) is a Filipino film director, screenwriter, and producer. He is best known for writing and directing Endo (2007), and Zombadings 1: Patayin sa Shokot si Remington (2011).
Early and personal life
Jade Castro was born on August 21, 1978. His mother Ruby, whose name takes after the gemstone of the same name, also named him and his brother Jasper after precious rocks: Jade and Jasper. He studied high school at Elizabeth Seton School in Las Piñas, and graduated with a degree in film from the University of the Philippines in 2000.
Career
Castro began his career as a script researcher for ABS-CBN, where he also served as second unit director in the network's soap opera television series Mula sa Puso (1999). He worked as a script supervisor for director Uro de la Cruz. Castro's directorial debut was the short film titled Hopya Love Me Too. He was reportedly involved in the production of the film Ang Pagdadalaga ni Maximo Oliveros (2005). Castro wrote the screenplays for comedy films D' Anothers (2005) and First Day High (2006). He made his breakthrough success with Endo (2007), a romantic independent film starring Jason Abalos and Ina Feleo. The film—which he wrote, directed and produced—won the Jury Prize at the 3rd Cinemalaya Independent Film Festival, and Best Screenplay at the 2007 Gawad Urian. Castro's direction of the romantic comedy My Big Love (2008) marked his transition to mainstream Philippine cinema. He co-wrote the screenplay with Raymond Lee and Michiko Yamamoto, and directed Zombadings 1: Patayin sa Shokot si Remington (2011), a gay-themed zombie comedy horror film starring Martin Escudero. Castro went on to direct My Kontrabida Girl (2012), Juana C. The Movie and My Lady Boss (2013), another gay-themed TV series Beki Boxer (2014), and LSS (Last Song Syndrome) (2019), a musically-driven film starring Gabbi Garcia, Khalil Ramos and Filipino indie folk/folk pop band Ben&Ben wherein Castro is also responsible for its story and screenplay.
In October 2015, it was announced by director Jerrold Tarog that he and Castro are working on a screenplay of the film adaptation of Arnold Arre's graphic novel The Mythology Class.
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Filipino film directors
Filipino film producers
Filipino screenwriters
1978 births
Living people
Filipino male writers
Male screenwriters
University of the Philippines alumni
21st-century male writers
21st-century Filipino writers
21st-century screenwriters
Marquess of Queensberry is a title in the Peerage of Scotland. The title has been held since its creation in 1682 by a member of the Douglas family. The Marquesses also held the title of Duke of Queensberry from 1684 to 1810, when it was inherited by the Duke of Buccleuch.
History
The feudal barony of Drumlanrig was held by Sir William Douglas, illegitimate son of The 2nd Earl of Douglas and Mar, some time before 1427, when he died. His descendant William Douglas, 9th of Drumlanrig, was created the 1st Earl of Queensberry in 1633.
The subsidiary titles of Lord Queensberry are: Earl of Queensberry (created 1633), Viscount Drumlanrig (1628) and Lord Douglas of Hawick and Tibbers (1628), all in the peerage of Scotland. He is also a Scottish baronet, styled "of Kelhead", created 26 February 1668, so the 6th Marquess was the 5th Baronet. The courtesy title used by Lord Queensberry's eldest son and heir is Viscount Drumlanrig. There is no special courtesy title for Lord Drumlanrig's eldest son and heir.
The family seat of the Marquesses of Queensberry was Kinmount House in the parish of Cummertrees, south Scotland, which was sold by the 9th Marquess in 1896. The traditional burial place of the Marquesses of Queensberry is the Douglas family mausoleum at Cummertrees Parish Church.
The 9th Marquess is particularly well known because of the rules of boxing that were named after him (the Marquess of Queensberry rules), and for his litigious interaction with Oscar Wilde.
On 22 June 1893, Queen Victoria raised Francis Archibald, Viscount Drumlanrig, the heir of the 9th Marquess, to the peerage of the United Kingdom as Baron Kelhead. Francis, Lord Drumlanrig, died without descendants the following year and the title "Baron Kelhead" became extinct.
Lairds of Drumlanrig
William Douglas, 1st of Drumlanrig (died 1427)
William Douglas, 2nd of Drumlanrig (died 1458)
William Douglas, 3rd of Drumlanrig (died 1464)
William Douglas, 4th of Drumlanrig (died 1484)
James Douglas, 5th of Drumlanrig (died 1498)
William Douglas, 6th of Drumlanrig (died 1513)
James Douglas, 7th of Drumlanrig (died 1578)
James Douglas, 8th of Drumlanrig (died 1615)
William Douglas, 9th of Drumlanrig, 1st Earl of Queensberry (died 1640) (became Earl of Queensberry in 1633)
Earls of Queensberry (1633)
William Douglas, 1st Earl of Queensberry (died 8 March 1639/40)
James Douglas, 2nd Earl of Queensberry (died 1671)
William Douglas, 3rd Earl of Queensberry (1637–1695) (became Marquess of Queensberry in 1682, and Duke of Queensberry in 1684)
Marquesses (1682) and Dukes of Queensberry (1684)
William Douglas, 1st Duke of Queensberry (1637–1695)
James Douglas, 2nd Duke of Queensberry (1672–1711) (became Duke of Dover in 1708)
James Douglas, 3rd Marquess of Queensberry, (1697–1715)
Charles Douglas, 3rd Duke of Queensberry, 4th Marquess of Queensberry (1698–1778) (Dukedom of Dover extinct in 1778)
William Douglas, 4th Duke of Queensberry, 5th Marquess of Queensberry (1725–1810)
The 2nd Duke of Queensberry surrendered all of his titles except the Marquessate and its subsidiary titles to the Crown and obtained a new grant under the same precedence (1684) with remainder to the Dukedom and those subsidiary titles bypassing his second son to his third son and further to the heirs male and female of the 1st Earl of Queensberry. Upon his death the Marquessate passed to James Douglas, 3rd Marquess and a homicidal maniac known as "the Cannibalistic Idiot." He was excluded from his father's titles after the duke's death, which instead passed to Charles Douglas, 3rd Duke. The 3rd Duke also succeeded as Marquess upon the latter's death at age 17.
The Dukedom of Queensberry passed by special remainder to the heirs male or female of the 1st Earl of Queensberry who was Henry Scott, 3rd Duke of Buccleuch, son of Francis Scott, Earl of Dalkeith through Lady Jean Douglas (married to Francis Scott, 2nd Duke of Buccleuch) who was the eldest daughter surviving infancy of the 2nd Duke of Queensberry.
Marquesses of Queensberry from 1810 (cont. 1682)
Charles Douglas, 6th Marquess of Queensberry (1777–1837)
John Douglas, 7th Marquess of Queensberry (1779–1856)
Archibald William Douglas, 8th Marquess of Queensberry (1818–1858)
John Sholto Douglas, 9th Marquess of Queensberry (1844–1900)
Percy Sholto Douglas, 10th Marquess of Queensberry (1868–1920)
Francis Archibald Kelhead Douglas, 11th Marquess of Queensberry (1896–1954)
David Harrington Angus Douglas, 12th Marquess of Queensberry (born 1929)
The heir apparent is the present holder's son Sholto Francis Guy Douglas, Viscount Drumlanrig (born 1967).
The heir apparent's heir presumptive is his brother Lord Torquil Oberon Tobias Douglas (born 1978).
Baronets, of Kelhead (26 February 1668)
See Douglas baronets
Sir James Douglas, 1st Baronet (1639–1708)
Sir William Douglas, 2nd Baronet (died 1733)
Sir John Douglas, 3rd Baronet (died 1778)
Sir William Douglas, 4th Baronet (died 1783)
Charles Douglas, 6th Marquess of Queensberry (1777–1837)
See above for further succession
Family tree
References
External links
Marquessates in the Peerage of Scotland
Queensberry
Noble titles created in 1682
The 2002 PBA season was the 28th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Board of governors
Executive committee
Emilio Bernardino, Jr. (Commissioner)
Francisco Alejo III (Chairman, representing Purefoods TJ Hotdogs)
Casiano Cabalan Jr. (Vice-Chairman, representing Barangay Ginebra Kings)
Angelito Alvarez (Treasurer, representing FedEx Express)
Teams
Notable occurrences
The league revised its season calendar to accommodate the participation of its players for the upcoming 2002 Asian Games. The Governors' Cup became the first conference of the season while the All-Filipino became the third and final conference.
The pool for the national team were divided into two teams: Selecta-RP and Hapee-RP. Both teams participated for the Governors' Cup. The teams were later merged to form the final lineup of the national team in the Commissioner's Cup, retaining the Selecta-RP branding.
Talk 'N Text coach Bill Bayno was fined PHP200,000 after publicly criticizing the league and its official. This came after Bayno branded the league as "San Miguel Basketball Association" and charged the league officials are favoring the four SMC-owned teams (San Miguel Beermen, Barangay Ginebra Kings, Coca-Cola Tigers and Purefoods TJ Hotdogs).
This was the last season in which the Commissioner's and Governors Cup were disputed before the tournaments were reinstated in the 2010-11 season. They were replaced in 2003 by the Invitational and Reinforced Conferences in 2003, and eventually the Fiesta Conference in 2004 after the league reduced the number of conferences in a PBA season to two.
Opening ceremonies
The muses for the participating teams are as follows:
2002 PBA Governors' Cup
Elimination round
Playoffs
Finals
|}
2002 PBA Commissioner's Cup
Elimination round
Playoffs
Finals
|}
2002 PBA All-Filipino Cup
Elimination round
Playoffs
Finals
|}
Awards
Most Valuable Player: Willie Miller (Red Bull)
Rookie of the Year: Ren-Ren Ritualo (FedEx)
Sportsmanship Award: Paolo Mendoza (Sta. Lucia)
Most Improved Player: Rob Duat (Alaska)
Defensive Player of the Year: Davonn Harp (Red Bull)
Mythical Five
Willie Miller (Red Bull)
Davonn Harp (Red Bull)
Jeffrey Cariaso (Coca-Cola)
Victor Pablo (Talk 'N Text)
Don Allado (Alaska)
Mythical Second Team
Asi Taulava (Talk 'N Text)
Gilbert Demape (Talk 'N Text)
Nic Belasco (San Miguel)
Kerby Raymundo (Purefoods)
Rey Evangelista (Purefoods)
All Defensive Team
Davonn Harp (Red Bull)
Chris Jackson (Shell)
Rudy Hatfield (Coca-Cola)
Jeffrey Cariaso (Coca-Cola)
Rey Evangelista (Purefoods)
Awards given by the PBA Press Corps
Coach of the Year: Ryan Gregorio (Purefoods)
Mr. Quality Minutes: Ato Morano (Coca-Cola)
Executive of the Year: George C. Chua (Red Bull)
Comeback Player of the Year: Ronnie Magsanoc (Purefoods)
Referee of the Year: Mario Montiel
Cumulative standings
References
The 2019 Winter Deaflympics (), officially known as the 19th Winter Deaflympics or XIX Winter Deaflympics (), was the 19th edition of the Winter Deaflympics, and took place between the 12–21 December in Sondrio Province in Northern Italy. The opening ceremony was held in Sondrio on 12 December and curling competition began a day prior to the start of the Winter Deaflympics. Sporting events apart from curling commenced on 13 December.
36 events took place in 6 sports: alpine skiing, chess, cross-country skiing, curling, ice hockey, and snowboarding. Initially 32 sporting events were slated to be held but three more events were added to the competition by the organisers due to the inclusion of chess, which was a surprise move. Chess made its debut at the 2019 Winter Deaflympics.
The 19th Deaflympics were the second time Italy hosted the event, previously hosting the 1983 games in Madonna di Campiglio. The Deaflympics was organised by the Federazione Sport Sordi Italia, the national deaf sports federation in Italy, affiliated with the International Committee of Sports for the Deaf.
Background
The hosting of the event raised concerns in May 2018 following the house arrest of former ICSD President Valery Rukhledev on 23 May 2018 regarding the embezzlement of $803,800 from the All-Russian Society of the Deaf while he was serving as the post of the society as well as the post of ICSD President. Valery Rukhledev later stepped down from the position on 31 July 2018 and he later replaced by Australian Rebecca Adam for the ICSD Presidential position on 1 August 2018 causing further controversy as top Deaf sports movements criticised the appointment of Rebecca Adam without proper consent and approval.
On 13 September 2018, on a press release the newly appointed ICSD President Rebecca Adam confirmed that the Winter Deaflympic event would take place as planned and scheduled during December 2019.
Bidding
It was revealed that in around 2017, former ICSD President Valery Rukhledev had encouraged and requested an application for Almaty, Kazakhstan, after the successful 2017 Winter Universiade, held at the city. However Almaty had not submitted its application to host Winter Deaflympics and instead Italy was chosen as the host country.
After the ousting of Valery Rukhledev, on 14 June 2018, the ICSD and FSSI had a meeting and unanimously agreed to support to stage the 2019 Winter Deaflympics in Italy despite the crisis in the administration of ICSD which started from May 2018.
The Games
Opening ceremony
The opening ceremony was held on 12 December 2019. The event was officially opened by the Sondrio Province mayor Marco Scaramellini and Italian singer Silvia Mezzanotte sung the national anthem of host country, Italy. Former three time alpine skiing Olympic gold medalist Deborah Compagnoni was invited as special guest during the opening ceremony.
Venues
Three venues were selected to host the sporting events. Santa Caterina di Valfurva hosts three sporting disciplines such as alpine skiing, snowboarding and cross-country skiing. Madesimo hosts curling competitions while Chiavenna was chosen to host ice hockey and chess events.
Participating Nations
Sports
The 2019 Winter Deaflympics featured 36 events over 6 sports. Chess was the only new event, and all other sporting events which were part of the 2015 edition were retained. The original idea was that there were a women's ice hockey tournament, but the International Committee of Sports for the Deaf has cancelled the event due to the low number of countries registered on it.
Skiing
Calendar
Medal table
References
External links
2019 Winter
International sports competitions hosted by Italy
Sports competitions in Milan
Parasports in Italy
Winter Deaflympics
Winter Deaflympics
Multi-sport events in Italy
Winter Deaflympics
"Logobitombo (Corde à sauter)" is the 2011 novelty song and debut single of the Senegalese-French comedian Moussier Tombola. He released it in 2011 reaching #5 in the official French Singles Chart. It also reached on Belgium's Wallonia Singles Chart.
Title "Logobitombo" comes from a created word combining the African music genre and dance Logobi on the style of which the music is composed, combined with Tombo (part of the artist's name), making "Logobitombo" literally Tombola-style Logobi music. The song is based on infectious dance moves that became a craze and went viral on YouTube, and eventually became a big hit. The music video directed by Hilton Aya features Moussier Tombola teaching various groups of ordinary people the dance moves. The video also in cooperation with Tombola's friend Congolese-French Jessy Matador who refers to Tombola tongue-in-cheek about the success via YouTube.
Moussier Tombola also released an instructional video how to dance the Logobitombo.
The song contains simple dance-moves each named often as someone from pop-culture including Batman, Spider-Man, Ironman, Superman and Antoine Griezmann.
Charts
References
2011 singles
2011 songs
2010s fads and trends
Internet memes
Novelty songs
Viral videos
Songs about dancing
2011 YouTube videos
Peter Gunn is a TV series.
Peter Gunn may also refer to:
Peter Gunn (actor) (born 1963), English actor
Peter Gunn (politician) (1864–1927), politician from Alberta, Canada
"Peter Gunn" (song), the theme music composed by Henry Mancini for the television show of the same name
Peter Gunn (1989 film), a television film by Blake Edwards
The Hart Dynasty was a Canadian professional wrestling stable who appeared in World Wrestling Entertainment. The unit consisted of the tag team of Tyson Kidd and David Hart Smith, and Natalya as a manager. The group was named due to the connection of all three wrestlers to the Hart wrestling family; David Hart Smith is the son of Davey Boy Smith, Natalya is the daughter of Jim Neidhart, and Tyson Kidd trained under Bret Hart and at Stu Hart's Dungeon and is married to Natalya. They are recognized as the final team to hold WWE's original World Tag Team Championship.
History
Florida Championship Wrestling (2007–2009)
In 2007, World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) launched their new development territory, Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW). Harry Smith, Nattie Neidhart, and TJ Wilson were moved to the new farm territory, where they aligned themselves and formed the Next/New Generation Hart Foundation (also known simply The New Hart Foundation) and were later joined by Teddy Hart and Ted DiBiase Jr. At FCW's debut show on June 26, Smith won a 21-man battle royal to become the promotion's first Southern Heavyweight Champion. Plans to bring the stable to WWE's main roster were made but Teddy Hart was released from his development contract in October. Eventually, DiBiase, Neidhart, and Smith, after losing the Southern Heavyweight Championship, were all called up to the main roster, albeit on separate shows, as DiBiase and Smith (using the name DH Smith) were sent to Raw and Neidhart to SmackDown, disbanding the Next Generation Hart Foundation.
After being drafted to SmackDown, Smith returned to FCW — without debuting on SmackDown — and reformed the stable with Wilson. With Neidhart's (renamed Natalya) help them win the FCW Florida Tag Team Championship on October 30, 2008, by defeating Joe Hennig and Heath Slater. They held the championship until December 11, when they lost to Johnny Curtis and Tyler Reks. After losing the championship, they were once again split up when Wilson (renamed Tyson Kidd) was called up to the ECW brand with Natalya as his valet.
ECW (2008–2009)
In the 2009 WWE Supplemental Draft, Natalya and Smith were officially drafted to the ECW brand, despite Smith never debuting for SmackDown. On the May 12 episode of ECW on Sci Fi, Smith debuted on ECW under the name David Hart Smith, by interfering in Kidd's match against Finlay, signaling the reformation of the group, briefly under the name The Hart Trilogy, before settling on The Hart Dynasty. Smith made his debut with the group by defeating Finlay the following week. The team had their first match together, alongside Jack Swagger, by defeating fellow Canadian Christian and Tommy Dreamer in a handicap match on May 26. They made their first appearance as just a tag team on the June 9 episode of ECW by defeating Christian and Swagger.
Last Unified Tag Team Champions (2009–2010)
On June 29, the trio were traded to the SmackDown brand and debuted as a team for the brand on the July 3 episode of SmackDown, when Kidd and Smith lost to Cryme Tyme. The Hart Dynasty made their pay-per-view debut at Bragging Rights in a 14-man tag team match in which their team was successful in winning. They also had their first match for the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship against D-Generation X in December, but lost.
On March 28, 2010, The Hart Dynasty, (along with the rest of the Hart family), were in their uncle Bret's corner as he faced Mr. McMahon in a No Holds Barred match at WrestleMania XXVI, performing a Hart Attack on McMahon during the match and officially becoming fan favorites as a result. The following night on Raw, The Hart Dynasty defeated the Unified Tag Team Championship ShoMiz (The Miz and Big Show) in a non-title match, after ShoMiz had insulted Hart.
At Extreme Rules, they earned a shot at the Unified Tag Team Championship after defeating ShoMiz as part of a tag team gauntlet match (which also included the team of John Morrison and R-Truth and the team of Montel Vontavious Porter and Mark Henry). On the April 26 episode of Raw, The Hart Dynasty defeated ShoMiz to win the Unified Tag Team Championship. The following day, all three members were officially drafted to the Raw brand in the 2010 WWE Supplemental Draft. On May 10, Kidd defeated The Miz in a match which earned any member of The Hart Dynasty a match for The Miz's WWE United States Championship. The Miz was allowed to pick his opponent for the championship match, and he chose to face Bret Hart. On the following episode of Raw on May 17, Hart defeated The Miz to win his fifth United States Championship, with help from the other members of The Hart Dynasty, who prevented Chris Jericho, William Regal, and Vladimir Kozlov from interfering on The Miz's behalf. At the Over the Limit pay-per-view, The Hart Dynasty defeated The Miz and Chris Jericho to retain the championship.
On May 24, 2010, Hart was named as the Raw General Manager and vacated the United States Championship as a result. On the same episode of Raw, The Hart Dynasty began a rivalry with a group composed of Jimmy Uso and Jey Uso, the sons of Rikishi, and Tamina, the daughter of Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka. This led to a non-title six-person mixed tag team match at the Fatal 4-Way pay per view, where Natalya pinned Tamina to win the match. The following night on Raw, Hart was fired as general manager. The following month at the Money in the Bank pay-per-view, The Hart Dynasty and The Usos competed in a tag team match for the Unified Tag Team Championship, which Kidd and Smith won to retain the championship.
On the August 16 episode of Raw, the World Tag Team Championship was retired, making the Hart Dynasty the final champions. On the same night, Bret Hart presented The Hart Dynasty with brand new WWE Tag Team Championship belts.
Dissolution (2010)
At Night of Champions, The Hart Dynasty lost the WWE Tag Team Championship to Cody Rhodes and Drew McIntyre in a Tag Team Turmoil match which also involved the Usos, Kozlov and Santino Marella, and the team of Evan Bourne and Mark Henry. After a failed attempt to regain the championship, in which Kidd was pushed off balance during their double-team Hart Attack move, Kidd and Smith began to have a falling out with one another.
This culminated on the November 15 episode of Raw, when Kidd refused to tag in and attacked Smith during a match for the WWE Tag Team Championship against The Nexus (Justin Gabriel and Heath Slater). Kidd became a heel once again as a result of this. Smith defeated Kidd in a singles match on the November 25 episode of WWE Superstars. Afterward, Smith offered to shake Kidd's hand, but Kidd refused and instead slapped him across the face. On the following episode of Raw, Kidd defeated Smith in a rematch.
In 2017, Tyson Kidd announced that he had retired from professional wrestling due to a spinal cord injury, therefore removing any chances of a reunion.
Championships and accomplishments
Florida Championship Wrestling
FCW Southern Heavyweight Championship (2 times) – Harry Smith (1), TJ Wilson (1)
FCW Florida Tag Team Championship (1 time) – DH Smith and TJ Wilson
World Wrestling Entertainment
WWE United States Championship (1 time) – Bret Hart
World Tag Team Championship (1 time) – David Hart Smith and Tyson Kidd
WWE Tag Team Championship (1 time) – David Hart Smith and Tyson Kidd
WWE Divas Championship (1 time) - Natalya
Bragging Rights Trophy (2009) - David Hart Smith and Tyson Kidd with Team SmackDown (Kane, R-Truth, Matt Hardy, Finlay, and Chris Jericho)
See also
Hart wrestling family
The Hart Foundation
Tyson Kidd and Cesaro
Notes
References
External links
The Hart Dynasty, at the OnlineWorldOfWrestling.com
David Hart Smith's WWE profile
Tyson Kidd's WWE profile
Natalya's WWE profile
ECW (WWE) teams and stables
Hart Foundation
Hart wrestling family
WWE teams and stables
WWE World Tag Team Champions
USS Tomahawk (AO-88) was an acquired by the United States Navy for use during World War II. She had the dangerous but necessary task of providing fuel to vessels in combat and non-combat areas primarily in the Pacific Ocean. For her valiant efforts, she received six battle stars during the war.
The first Tomahawk, to be so named by the Navy, was laid down under Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 1267) on 1 June 1943 by Marinship Corporation of Sausalito, California, launched on 10 October 1943, sponsored by Mrs. W. L, Kidneigh, and commissioned at Portland, Oregon, on 16 April 1944, Comdr. Benjamin Watkins Cloud in command.
World War II Pacific Theatre operations
Early in July 1944. Tomahawk completed her shakedown off the U.S. West Coast and steamed via Pearl Harbor for the Marshalls. The oiler arrived at Eniwetok on the 24th, reported for duty with Service Squadron 10, and was soon underway for fueling operations in the Marianas. During August, she contributed logistic support for the final stages of the fight for the Marianas.
On 26 August, Tomahawk departed Eniwetok for Manus with a logistics task unit for the 3rd Fleet. Steaming from Seeadler Harbor on the 31st, she relieved oilers and which had collided. Through September and October, Tomahawk continued fueling duties for the 3rd Fleet, operating out of Seeadler Harbor. On 18 October, she rendezvoused with the damaged cruisers and as they returned from a successful Fast Carrier Task Force strike on Formosa. After refueling the battle-scarred ships and their escort, Tomahawk continued on to her assigned area where she provided support for units active in the battle for Leyte Gulf.
Under attack by midget submarine
On 20 November 1944, Tomahawk was anchored at Ulithi when a Japanese midget submarine penetrated the lagoon. The undersea raider sent fleet oiler down in flames before being rammed and sunk by destroyer just a mile and one-half from Tomahawk.
As the year ended, Tomahawk continued fueling missions and, in January, ranged as far as Leyte Gulf in support of the 5th Fleet. In the early months of 1945, Tomahawk continued to operate out of Ulithi providing direct logistic support to the fleet in and near the combat zone. During the first two weeks of February, she fueled units of Admiral Raymond A. Spruance's 5th Fleet preparatory to operations off Nanpo Shoto and, later in the month, supported Task Force 58 which was striking targets in the Tokyo area. In March, Tomahawk fueled units in preparation for strikes on Nansei Shoto and Japan.
Fighting off air attacks
While at Kerama Retto early in April, Tomahawk fought off enemy air raiders and later suffered some minor damage to her plating and degaussing cable while fueling . Returning to Ulithi in April, Tomahawk continued underway replenishment operations in support of the Fast Carrier Task Force before steaming from Ulithi in May, bound for overhaul at Portland, Oregon.
End-of-war activity
Repairs completed, she got underway again on 20 July 1945 and proceeded via San Francisco, California, to Pearl Harbor. The successes of American naval forces in the Pacific made it possible for her to make the entire voyage to the Carolines without an escort. She arrived at Ulithi just in time for the unconditional surrender of Japan. She subsequently performed fueling tasks and exercises with units of Admiral William F. Halsey's 3rd Fleet, operating out of Tokyo and Ulithi before departing Tokyo late in October. Tomahawk steamed via San Francisco and the Panama Canal for the U.S. East Coast and arrived at Norfolk, Virginia, on 11 December 1945.
Service under MSTS
Tomahawk was decommissioned on 5 January 1946 and was struck from the Navy List on 21 January 1946. Following re-conversion at Norfolk, she was turned over to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS), to serve as USNS Tomahawk (T-AO-88). Through the remaining 1940s and throughout the 1950s, she served in decommissioned status, carrying fuel for the American fleet around the world. In September 1961, the tanker was transferred to the Maritime Administration (MARAD), assigned to the National Defense Reserve Fleet, and berthed in Suisun Bay, California.
The ship was sold to the Hudson Waterways Corporation on July 16, 1966, and renamed Seatrain Maine. She was subsequently lengthened using sections of two other T2 tankers, the Mission San Jose and Mission San Diego, and rebuilt by Maryland Shipbuilding and Drydock Company into one of seven Seatrain Lines multi-purpose cargo ships capable of carrying general bulk and palletized cargo, intermodal containers, vehicles and rail cars. Upon completion of the conversion and delivery in 1967 Seatrain Maine, IMO 6709804, was chartered to the MSTS in support of overseas U.S. military operations, including the transport of material, equipment and aircraft to Vietnam. The ship was transferred to the National Defense Reserve Fleet (James River) in 1973 and on August 8, 1978, her name was changed to just Maine. In 1990 Maine was reactivated for service in support of the First Persion Gulf War and later returned to the Reserve Fleet (Beaumont, Texas). Still at Beaumont as of 2010, her ultimate disposition is unknown.
Awards
Tomahawk received six battle stars for World War II.
References
External links
Escambia-class oilers
Type T2-SE-A2 tankers of the United States Navy
Ships built in Sausalito, California
1944 ships
World War II tankers of the United States
Deborah Fialho Secco Moura (born 26 November 1979) is a Brazilian actress.
Career
At the age of 8 she made her TV debut in advertising; at 10 years, staged her first spectacle, Brincando de Era uma Vez; and at 11 years, she acted in her first novel, Mico Preto of Rede Globo. For the next four years, she would dedicate herself to the theater, and would make special appearances in serials and miniseries of Globo.
While playing in theatre, such as Sapatinhos Vermelhos, which earned her the nomination for the Coca-Cola Theater Award, in the category of Best Actress Breakthrough, television participated in the episodes "Tabu" and "Mamãe Coragem", Você Decide program, the children's school of Escolinha do Professor Raimundo, in celebration of Children's Day, both in 1992. She then made a special participation in the miniseries Contos de Verão and was in the assembly of the play O Soldadinho de Chumbo. She then staged A Roupa Nova do Imperador, 1994, when she moved to TV Cultura, where she starred in the series Confissões de Adolescente, in the shoes of the clever Carol, a job that catapulted her to fame, earned her recognition, and earned her the APCA Award in the category of Breakthrough Actress.
In 1995, she returned to Rede Globo, where she remains until the present day with exclusive contract of artist of the first step, and acted in her first novel of prime time, A Próxima Vítima. In 1996 she played Barbara's spirited novel Vira-Lata, who for a good part of the plot pretends to be a boy, given the name Tatu. Later, she appeared in the novel Zazá, like Dora, granddaughter of the protagonist lived by Fernanda Montenegro, and, in 1998, acted in her first novel of the six, Era uma Vez..., like Emília, mischievous girl who lives in the interior.
In 1999, she participated in the novel Suave Veneno, as WAGs. In August of that year, she posed for the first time for the Brazilian edition of Playboy magazine, in the magazine's 24-year anniversary edition. In 2000, she played her first villain in novels, the Iris of Laços de Família. In 2001, she gained her first protagonist in novels, the Cecília de Sá of A Padroeira of Walcyr Carrasco.
In 2002, she lived again a villain on TV, but different from the other, the vampire Lara, role that played in the novel O Beijo do Vampiro, is comical and clumsy. In that year, she was elected the character of novels most wanted by the viewers. Due to the great sensual appeal and the great prominence in the novel due to the success of Lara, she printed the cover of Playboy in the edition of anniversary of 27 years of the magazine, in August of that year.
In 2003, she integrated the cast of the novel Celebridade, in the skin of Darlene Sampaio, girl obsessed by the fame. In 2005, she played her first primetime character in America – Sol, a woman who tries to make a living in the United States, even if she is an illegal immigrant. The following year, she participated in Dance in the Ice, of the program Domingão do Faustão, being in third place. Halfway through, she broke two ribs. Still this year, she played her third protagonist and at the same time her third villain, the perverse Elizabeth of Pé na Jaca. In 2007 she made a special guest appearance in the soap opera Paraíso Tropical, as prostitute Betina, Bebel's friend, by Camila Pitanga, who appears only to disrupt the marriage of villain Olavo, Wagner Moura, and Guilhermina Guinle's Alice.
In 2008, she co-starred in the novel A Favorita, where she lived the ambitious and disguised recruiter Maria do Céu, a girl of humble origin who does not accept her condition and does everything to rise in life. She has become a girl of the brand Scala since October of that year. With the actress, the sales of the Flip bras increased from 10 thousand to 40 thousand in less than a month. Still in 2008 she made a nude rehearsal for RG Vogue, who chose the actress as the "favorite complete" and "sexiest woman in Brazilian TV".
On March 4, 2010, Folha Online published an article regarding a complaint by the Brazilian Public Prosecutor's Office, accusing Deborah Secco and other 86 people for administrative impropriety. The complaint, upheld by the Rio de Janeiro state court, describes irregularities in Deborah Secco's participation in advertisements by the governments of Anthony and Rosinha Garotinho, with whom five of Deborah's family members would have been involved, according to the complaint, to appropriate irregularly public money. According to the newspaper O Globo, the complaint indicates that Deborah Secco's bank accounts received at least 158 thousand reais in public resources diverted in a scheme commanded by her father. According to the defense of the actress, Deborah Secco, the two brothers and the mother were used by her father, the businessman Ricardo Ribeiro Secco, like "oranges", without their consent; they said they had no knowledge of the bank accounts to which they were diverted R$ 894,000 from the coup. Deborah and her family had all the assets blocked by a court decision.
Also in the same year, she staged the play "Uma Uma Amor Amor", along with Erom Cordeiro, and also participated in the filming of the short film "Como Como Ela" by Flora Diegues. At the end of the year, she returned with the series As Cariocas, being the penultimate protagonist of the series like Alice, a woman who wants to live everything intensely in the episode A Suicida da Lapa.
In 2011, she starred in the film of a former prostitute Bruna Surfistinha: O Doce Veneno do Escorpião, also starred in the short film Assim Como Ela Still this year, she interpreted one of the protagonists of the novel Insensato Coração, the comic personage Natalie Lamour. The personage fell in the taste of the public and was praised even by President Dilma Rousseff. The actress was the second most populated Brazilian of the internet, due to the premiere of the film and the personage of the novel, the actress jumped of the ninth place for the second, being behind only the president Dilma, in the month of January. As a result of the sensual appeal that she had in their respective works, she won two awards for her interpretation of Bruna Surfistinha, at the beginning of the year, one by the popular jury and technical jury. also chosen the Woman of the Year, by the magazine Alfa. On November 30, the actress went on to two awards on the same day for her work on the novel Insensato Coração, and she won both, one in the Extra TV Award, for the category of Supporting Actress and another by Veja Rio as actress of the year. On December 6, the actress received another award, the personality of the year in dramaturgy, an event promoted by Editora Três, which was attended by President Dilma Roussef as well. According to a note released by Veja magazine, Deborah Secco was the most cited Brazilian celebrity in the year 2011 by the press. That same year, she was voted the sexiest woman in the world by readers of VIP magazine.
In 2012, Secco was elected as one of the 100 most influential personalities of the year by IstoÉ magazine. That same year, she was inducted by Steven Spielberg to work in Hollywood, where she represented Brazil at the 40th AFI Life Achievement Awards, which honored actress Shirley MacLaine. At the event she also met actress Meryl Streep.
In 2013 Deborah Secco recorded the feature film Boa Sorte, in which she gives life to the positive serum Judite. To interpret the character, the actress had to lose 12 kg, getting very underweight, the whole process of weight loss of the actress was accompanied by professionals, the film is scheduled to debut on May 30, 2014.
In 2014, she gained 8 kg for the character from the movie Estrada do Diabo. The feature film has not yet been scheduled for release. Still in 2014, the actress played the stewardess Ines, in Boogie Oogie. She was later cast as the protagonist of Walcyr Carrasco's novel Secret Truths, but left the novel because of pregnancy. In November 2014, Deborah was honored by the 24th Cine Ceará – Ibero-American Film Festival, where she received the Eusélio Oliveira trophy in recognition of her national film career.
In 2015 she would live the protagonist Carolina in the novel Verdades Secretas of Walcyr Carrasco, but during the recordings, she discovered her first pregnancy, fruit of the relationship with the present boyfriend, the Bahian Hugo Moura, consequently left the plot. In 2016, she integrated the cast of Malhação, like the batmanadora Tânia. In 2017, Secco was cast as Karola, the main villain Segundo Sol. In the plot set in Bahia, her character is a former prostitute exploited by her pimp, portrayed by Adriana Esteves.
Personal life
Secco was born into a middle-class family, daughter of Sílvia Regina Fialho, a homemaker, and Ricardo Secco, a mathematics teacher of Italian descent. She has two siblings, Ricardo and Bárbara.
In the mid-1990s, Secco was in a relationship with actor Daniel Del Sarto, but they eventually broke up. She was later engaged to Marcelo Faustini, but the relationship ended before the two married.
In 1997 she met director Rogério Gomes, who eventually became her spouse until their divorce in 2001. After the divorce, she began dating Maurício Mattar, but the relationship ended after eleven months. She began dating Dado Dolabella in 2002, and within one month, the two were engaged and living together. Their relationship ended ten months later and she became involved with Marcelo Faria in 2003. She separated from him in 2004 and began a relationship with Erik Marmo. From 2004 to 2006, she was romantically linked with O Rappa vocalist Marcelo Falcão, whose name she later tattooed on her foot, but the relationship ended and she had the tattoo removed.
In 2007, Deborah began dating soccer player Roger Flores, in a few months they lived together. After two years living together, Deborah married Flores on June 6, 2009, in Itaipava, a mountain region of Rio de Janeiro, in a discreet ceremony. They separated amicably in April 2013. after four years of marriage, with a brief breakup in 2010.
On December 4, 2015, after marrying Hugo Moura, Secco gave birth to their first child, Maria Flor.
Filmography
Television
Film
Theatre
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
20th-century Brazilian actresses
21st-century Brazilian actresses
Actresses from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Association footballers' wives and girlfriends
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
Brazilian people of Italian descent
Brazilian child actresses
Brazilian film actresses
Brazilian television actresses
Brazilian stage actresses
Brazilian women television presenters
