Maunsel White (c. 1783 – December 17, 1863) was an Episcopalian American politician, merchant, and entrepreneur. He is remembered for promoting the use of peppers and peppery sauces – a brand of which his descendants still manufacture today. Although he is usually associated with New Orleans, he also resided in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, where he owned Deer Range Plantation, in addition to three other plantations, with 191 slaves in 1850.
Background
Born in Ireland around 1783, White immigrated to the United States as a penniless thirteen-year-old. He first settled in Louisville, Kentucky, where he became closely acquainted with future U.S. President Zachary Taylor. He moved to New Orleans around 1800.
White married a French Creole, Celestine de la Ronde, who hailed from a wealthy New Orleans family allied with military leader and future U.S. president Andrew Jackson. On Celestine's death, White married her sister, Heloise.
White died in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, on December 17, 1863.
Military experience
During the War of 1812, White bore the rank of captain and commanded the Louisiana Blues, a company of uniformed volunteers that participated in the Battle of New Orleans.
White became acquainted with General Andrew Jackson, commander of the American forces at New Orleans, who appointed him to negotiate with the defeated British regarding the exchange of prisoners and restitution of slaves. (White maintained a lifelong friendship with Jackson, for whom he served as a cotton factor from 1826 until Jackson's death in 1845.)
When White heard a British soldier remark that the battle had been "a mere skirmish," White replied, "One more such skirmish and devilish few of you will ever get back to tell the story."
It may have been during wartime that White obtained the title "Colonel", although, as was tradition in the antebellum South, the rank may have been more honorary than literal.
Business career
Possessing only an informal education, White entered business as an accounting clerk, and over many years worked his way into a position of wealth and influence in New Orleans. He eventually founded his own cotton factor business, Maunsel White and Company, which also sold sugar, molasses, tobacco, pork, and corn. He was a member of The Boston Club.
By 1845 White had retired as an active partner in Maunsel White and Company in order to focus on growing sugarcane on his plantations, particularly Deer Range, where he made his home. White tried to operate Deer Range as a model plantation, investing heavily in new equipment to modernize and streamline sugar production. Although he primarily produced sugar at Deer Range Plantation, White also grew large amounts of corn, as well as small amounts of rice and indigo.
A large slaveholder (he owned over two hundred slaves at Deer Range alone), White once wrote to an acquaintance, "I have made myself a solemn promise never to sell a Negro – it is a traffic I have never done. I would rather give them their liberty than sell them." Yet DeBow's Review, a planter's journal in which White invested, once noted in print that White "thinks the South can never maintain her strength except by the opening of new sources of supply of labor, and thus favors the slave-trade."
Political career and civic leadership
In 1812 White was elected to the New Orleans City Council.
White became a member of the city of New Orleans' Finance Committee, during which time he suggested a successful plan for making property owners pay the cost of paving streets in the rainy, semi-tropical city. He also put forth an unsuccessful plan to protect the low-lying city from flooding. As president of one of several railroad conventions, White labored to bring this relatively new method of transportation to Louisiana.
Governor Henry Johnson of Louisiana appointed White one of the first board members for the newly founded University of Louisiana (not to be confused with the present-day University of Louisiana). White often made personal donations to that institution, now known as Tulane University.
In 1846 White was elected to the Louisiana Senate as a "Democratic-Unionist." During his four years in office he served on the Committees of Finance and Commerce, and he often served as President Pro Tem of the Senate.
Peppers and sauces
Despite his varied career in business, politics, and civic matters, White is best known today as an enthusiastic grower and promoter of peppers, and as an inventor of two sauces, one a pepper sauce, and the other a wine sauce.
An 1850 New Orleans Daily Delta newspaper article (reprinted in several other sources at the time) noted that "Col. White has introduced the celebrated tobasco red pepper, the very strongest of all peppers, of which he has cultivated a large quantity with the view of supplying his neighbors, and diffusing it through the state." Furthermore, observed the newspaper, "by pouring strong vinegar on it after boiling, he has made a sauce or pepper decoction of it, which possesses in a most concentrated form all the qualities of the vegetable. A single drop of this sauce will flavor a whole plate of soup or other food."
Although White never marketed this pepper sauce, his heirs advertised it for sale beginning in 1864, a year after White's death (as "Maunsel White's Concentrated Essence of Tobasco Pepper"). The White family apparently ceased production of this sauce in the late nineteenth-century. (McIlhenny Company, maker of world-famous Tabasco brand pepper sauce, denies persistent claims that its founder, E. McIlhenny, obtained his peppers and pepper sauce recipe from Maunsel White.)
White's other sauce, known as "Maunsel White's 1812 Sauce," contains a mixture of wines, peppers, and spices. According to White family lore, White invented his 1812 Sauce to commemorate the victory of his friend Andrew Jackson at the Battle of New Orleans. In fact, White supposedly first served the sauce during a dinner at his Deer Range Plantation in Jackson's honor. The present-day White family still manufactures this wine sauce on a limited basis and sells it primarily in the New Orleans area.
Footnotes
Benson J. Lossing, Pictorial Field-Book of the War of 1812 (New York: Harper and Brothers, 1868), cited on Rootsweb.com.
William Henry Perrin, ed., "Battle of New Orleans," Southwest Louisiana Biographical and Historical (1891), Note V, pp. 349–404, cited at Louisiana USGenWeb Archives.
Clement Eaton, "Maunsel White," The Mind of the Old South (Baton Rouge, La.: Louisiana State University Press, 1964), p. 51.
"Maunsel White, of Louisiana," DeBow's Review XXV (October 1858), p. 482.
John Kendall, History of New Orleans (Chicago and New York: The Lewis Publishing Company, 1922), cited on History of New Orleans.
"Pepper," New Orleans Daily Delta, January 26, 1850.
TABASCO.com.
References
Further reading
Shane K. Bernard, "Tabasco: Edmund McIlhenny and the Birth of a Louisiana Pepper Sauce," Louisiana Cultural Vistas (Louisiana Endowment for the Humanities publication), Fall 2005.
A Dictionary of Louisiana Biography, Vol. II, N-Z, s.v., "White, Maunsel."
Clement Eaton, "Maunsel White," in The Mind of the Old South (1967).
John Kendall, History of New Orleans (Chicago and New York: The Lewis Publishing Company, 1922), cited on History of New Orleans.
Benson J. Lossing, Pictorial Field-Book of the War of 1812 (New York: Harper and Brothers, 1868), cited on Rootsweb.com.
"Maunsel White, Merchant of New Orleans," DeBow's Review XIV (January 1853).
"Maunsel White, of Louisiana," DeBow's Review XXV (October 1858).
"Pepper," New Orleans Daily Delta, January 26, 1850.
William Henry Perrin, ed., "Battle of New Orleans," Southwest Louisiana Biographical and Historical (1891), cited at Louisiana USGenWeb Archives.
External links
Finding aid for Maunsell-White papers held at the Sutro Library, San Francisco, CA.
American businesspeople
American slave owners
American militiamen in the War of 1812
American people of Irish descent
New Orleans City Council members
American Episcopalians
1863 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Year of birth uncertain
American militia officers
is a passenger railway station located in Chūō-ku, Chiba, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Nishi-Chiba Station is served by the Chūō-Sōbu Line and is located 1.4 kilometers from Chiba Station and 37.8 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Tokyo Station.
Station layout
The station consists of an island platform serving two tracks with ab elevated station building located above the platform and tracks. The station is staffed. There are also two express tracks north of track 2; these are used by rapid Sōbu Main Line trains that pass through the station non-stop.
Platforms
History
The station opened on October 1, 1942. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japan National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 22,000 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Chiba University Nishi-Chiba campus
University of Tokyo Institute of Industrial Science Chiba campus
Chiba Keizai University
Keiai University
Chiba Prefectural Chiba Commerce High school
Chiba Prefectural Chiba-Higashi High school
References
External links
JR East Nishi-Chiba Station
Railway stations in Chiba Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1942
Railway stations in Chiba (city)
Chūō-Sōbu Line
Taunglwe is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
Papilio arnoldiana is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in south-western Ethiopia.
Taxonomy
Papilio arnoldiana is a member of the cynorta species group. The members of the clade are:
Papilio arnoldiana Vane-Wright, 1995
Papilio cynorta Fabricius, 1793
Papilio plagiatus Aurivillius, 1898
References
External links
External images
arnoldiana
Butterflies described in 1995
Heidenau () is a railway station in the town of Heidenau, Saxony, Germany. The station lies on the Děčín–Dresden-Neustadt railway and Müglitz Valley Railway and the train services are operated by Deutsche Bahn (most as Dresden S-Bahn services) and Städtebahn Sachsen.
Train services
The station is served by the following service(s):
2x per day regional service (Wanderexpress Bohemica, summer weekends only) Dresden - Pirna - Bad Schandau - Děčín - Ústí nad Labem - Litoměřice
1x per hour regional service (Müglitztalbahn) Heidenau - Glashütte - Altenberg
2x per day regional service (Wintersport Express, winter weekends only) Dresden - Heidenau - Glashütte - Altenberg
2x per hour S-Bahn S1 Meißen Triebischtal - Dresden - Pirna - Bad Schandau - Schöna
2x per hour S-Bahn S2 Dresden Flughafen - Dresden - Pirna
References
External links
Network map
Städtebahn Sachsen website
Heidenau station at www.verkerhsmittelvergleich.de
Railway stations in Saxony
Dresden S-Bahn stations
station
The chestnut-backed jewel-babbler (Ptilorrhoa castanonota) is a species of bird in the family Cinclosomatidae.
It is found in New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
chestnut-backed jewel-babbler
Birds of New Guinea
chestnut-backed jewel-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
() is a multi-use stadium in Porthmadog, Wales. It is currently used mostly for football matches as the home ground of Porthmadog F.C. The stadium has a capacity of 2000 people, with 500 seated.
The Traeth saw its largest crowd in recent years during the season 1993/4, when the last game of the season against Bangor City F.C. attracted more than 2,500 spectators.
Planning permission was granted in December 2009 for a new stand at the "Quarry End". The additional seating will allow the club to reach the required standard in order to attain the FAW's Domestic Licence; this is a requirement for all clubs in the Welsh Premier League.
References
External links
www.porthmadogfc.com
Football venues in Wales
Stadiums in Wales
Porthmadog F.C.
The Alvis Firefly is a car manufactured by Alvis from 1932 until 1934. It followed on from the 12/50 TJ model.
The car had a four-cylinder engine with overhead valves. The engine, with a single SU carburettor and with a displacement of 1496 cm³, delivered at 4500 rpm. The engine was essentially the same as the 12/50 TH model from 1927 and the 12/50 SD from 1927 to 1929. This made it cheap to manufacture and the model fitted into the 1.5-liter class which was popular at that time.
A roadster appeared in 1932. In 1933, a four-door touring car, a sedan and a two-door convertible were introduced under the name Alvis Firefly 12. The rigid axles front and rear were suspended by semi-elliptical leaf springs. The wheelbase, the type of suspension and, in some cases, the bodies, corresponded to the previous six-cylinder model Silver Eagle SE and TB. The top speed was approximately 71 mph depending on the design.
In 1934, the Firebird model replaced both Firefly models. Up until that point 904 Firefly Roadsters and 871 Fireflies 12s had been built.
Sources
David Culshaw, Peter Horrobin: The Complete Catalogue of British Cars 1895–1975. Veloce Publishing, Dorchester 1997, , Pp. 35–40.
References
Firefly
Cars introduced in 1932
The white-crested helmetshrike (Prionops plumatus), also known as the white helmetshrike, is a species of passerine bird in the Vanga family Vangidae, formerly usually included in the Malaconotidae.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Eritrea, Eswatini, Ethiopia, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mozambique, Namibia, Niger, Nigeria, Rwanda, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Somalia, South Africa, Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, dry savanna, moist savanna, and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
Behaviour
It is a gregarious bird and is found in small, active parties that are always on the move as they forage among the foliage or on the ground. They chatter noisily to one another as they move through their territory.
References
External links
(White-crested helmetshrike = ) White helmetshrike - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
white-crested helmetshrike
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
white-crested helmetshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by George Shaw
Edward Jay Allen (April 27, 1830 - December 26, 1915) was a pioneer, entrepreneur, and businessman.
Edward Jay Allen traveled west over the Oregon Trail in 1852 and made his way to Puget Sound, arriving in December of that year. Allen played a significant role in the early history of Washington Territory and left a detailed account of his years in the west (1852-1855.) Upon returning to Pittsburgh, he married, raised a family, served with distinction in the Civil War as a colonel in the 155th Pennsylvania Infantry, and in later life became quite prosperous as secretary/treasurer of the Atlantic and Pacific Telegraph Company. He was a member of the South Fork Fishing and Hunting Club that gained notoriety in the aftermath of the Johnstown, Pennsylvania flood. Allen also was a poet and writer of music lyrics and published several works including Hiou Tenas Iktah ("A Lot of Trifles" in Chinook jargon). In addition, he was a mentor of the artist John White Alexander.
Early life
The Allen family emigrated from Warwickshire, England, crossing the Atlantic on the ship Anacreon and arriving in New York City on September 4, 1827. The youngest of six children, Edward Jay Allen was born to Edward and Millicent Bindley Allen on April 27, 1830. After nearly three years in New York City, the Allen family moved to Pottsville, Pennsylvania, a bustling coal center that supplied Philadelphia's fuel needs via a newly constructed canal. In 1834 the family moved again, traveling by Conestoga wagon to Pittsburgh, where they lived thereafter. The senior Edward Allen made his living as a bricklayer and later as a construction contractor. He saw to it that his three sons and three daughters were well educated and versed in the classics. Edward Jay Allen attended Pittsburgh's South Ward School and the University of Pittsburgh (then known as the Western University of Pennsylvania. Suffering from a severe long-term lung ailment, Allen found respite in the summer of 1851 wandering the hills of Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania with friends. Looking for relief from his illness and to avoid the dreary prospect of a career working in a food warehouse, Allen conceived the idea of a trip west.
Out West
Allen was unusual among the emigrants heading to Oregon. He was college-educated, knew nothing about farming, and traveled without a family. He hoped, in addition to securing property under the Donation Land Claim Act, that the trip west would improve his health.
Leaving Pittsburgh in the spring of 1852, Allen began his six-month journey, joining a wagon train consisting primarily of farmers from Wapello County, Iowa. Allen kept a diary and composed fourteen letters sent to his family from various locations along his route. These letters were published in the Pittsburg Dispatch newspaper and saved into a scrapbook by his sister Rebecca. This scrapbook became the basis of two books written about Allen's adventures by Dennis M. Larsen and Karen L. Johnson.
Allen's western journey officially began May 11, 1852 at Council Bluffs, Iowa (a.k.a. Kanesville). He experienced a typical Oregon Trail crossing until reaching the Snake River Valley in Idaho. Limping along on a badly sprained ankle, Allen concluded that he could walk no further. He decided to turn his wagon bed into a boat and float down the Snake River, soon learning why so few emigrants chose this method of travel. After days of running rapids and portaging around waterfalls Allen and his waterborne companions arrived at Fort Boise, knowing they were lucky to be alive. Here everyone agreed to give up water travel.
Allen remained at Fort Boise for four weeks, temporarily setting himself up in business. "Diary August 19: We found there was but one flat here to ferry the emigration over, and that discovery was the origin of the 'Pennsylvania Ferry Company." He left behind accounts of the ferry business and of the comings and goings at Fort Boise of Native Americans, Hudson's Bay Company employees, fur traders and travelers. Much of his account of these activities is new to historians.
After his sojourn at the ferry, Allen continued west on horseback. He was soon back on foot, however, and still lame, forced to walk through the desert country of eastern Oregon after losing his horse in the Blue Mountains. In October 1852, Allen reached Portland, Oregon Territory, and paused for a short time before heading north over the Cowlitz Trail to the small village of Olympia at the south end of Puget Sound. Allen was diverted on his journey north to serve as a delegate to the Monticello Convention where he participated in the beginnings of the political process that separated Washington Territory from Oregon. In December 1852, finally reaching his destination, Allen built a cabin on his Donation Land Claim three miles up Budd Inlet from Olympia. His decision to negotiate with local Indians to pay them for the land before he took up residence on it was remarkable for this time.
From late 1852 until January 1855, Allen remained in Washington Territory. In June 1853 he surveyed the Indian trail over Naches Pass in the Cascade Mountains as a potential route for a wagon road to divert incoming emigrants from the Willamette Valley to Puget Sound. From July through October he led a construction crew that began building the wagon road. That winter he explored Puget Sound to its northern reaches by whaleboat, ran for a position in the territorial senate (he lost), and shared his cabin with Captain George B. McClellan and George Gibbs (geologist), both on assignment to conduct various surveys of the newly created Washington Territory. Allen wrote up their reports and also created a dictionary of the Chinook Jargon at least as comprehensive as the better-known Gibbs dictionary. (This unpublished dictionary may be found in "Hervey Allen Papers," Special Collections Department, University of Pittsburgh.) In 1854 Allen and his crew returned to the mountains to improve the wagon road. He took time out from his road building to make the first ascent of Mount Adams.
Return to Pittsburgh
Allen returned to Pittsburgh in 1855 after three years out west. In July 1857 he married Elizabeth Robinson and together they raised five children. The outbreak of the Civil War found Allen constructing a railroad in today's West Virginia. He and his family were seized by Confederate forces and held captive until repatriated at Washington, D.C. He immediately offered his services to his friend, General McClellan, now commander of the Army of the Potomac. Circumstances instead took Allen to Virginia's Shenandoah Valley where he fought in the battles of Lewisburgh and Cross Keys. Allen later became a colonel in the 155th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry Regiment and fought at Fredericksburg and Gettysburg. He was medically discharged after Gettysburg but continued in a civilian role to provision the Union army in the Shenandoah Valley. (Allen's military history may be found in Under the Maltese Cross.)
In the post-Civil War years Allen made his fortune serving as secretary/treasurer of the Atlantic and Pacific Telegraph Company. He made two later trips to Washington in 1889 and 1891. Edward Jay Allen died on December 26, 1915 and is buried in Homewood Cemetery, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
South Fork Fishing and Hunting Club
Edward John (Jay) Allen was a member of the South Fork Fishing and Hunting Club, the club that owned Lake Conemaugh. Their dam of Lake Conemaugh broke on May 31, 1889 causing the loss of 2209 people and the destruction of the city of Johnstown, Pennsylvania.
References
External links
Hervey Allen Papers (1831-1965, SC.1952.01, Special Collections Department, University of Pittsburgh)
Under the Maltese Cross
Colonel Edward Jay Allen at Find A Grave
Businesspeople from Pittsburgh
University of Pittsburgh alumni
1830 births
1915 deaths
Burials at Homewood Cemetery
19th-century American businesspeople
"Walk a Little Straighter" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Billy Currington. It was released in April 2003 as his debut single and the first from his self-titled debut album. The song peaked at number 8 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. Currington wrote this song with Casey Beathard and Carson Chamberlain.
Content
Currington wrote the chorus to "Walk a Little Straighter" when he was twelve years old. The song is about witnessing his own father's alcoholism, and how he wishes not to pass that trait onto his own children.
Chart performance
"Walk a Little Straighter" debuted at number 56 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of May 3, 2003.
Year-end charts
References
Songs about alcohol
2003 debut singles
Country ballads
2000s ballads
Billy Currington songs
Songs written by Carson Chamberlain
Songs written by Casey Beathard
Songs written by Billy Currington
Song recordings produced by Carson Chamberlain
Mercury Nashville singles
2003 songs
Music videos directed by Margaret Malandruccolo
Songs about fathers
Nathan William Byrne (born 5 June 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays for Charlotte FC. He can play as either a wing back or a right-back.
Byrne began his professional career with Tottenham but never made a first team appearance for the club before leaving to join League One Swindon Town in 2013. After two full seasons with the Robins, during which they reached the 2015 League One play-off Final, he was bought by Championship side Wolverhampton Wanderers. However, he only remained with the club for a year before moving on to Wigan Athletic.
Career
Tottenham Hotspur
Byrne played for St Albans City as a youth player, before becoming a Tottenham Hotspur player, signing professional forms in June 2010.
In February 2011, he was loaned out to Brentford of League One. He made his senior debut on 26 February, replacing Myles Weston 77 minutes into a 1–0 home win over Bristol Rovers. He won his first start at Griffin Park on 8 March, playing in a 1–0 defeat to Brighton & Hove Albion. He was singled out for praise for his performance against Brighton by manager Nicky Forster.
On 28 July 2011, English League One club Bournemouth signed Byrne on loan until the end of the season. In a match against Exeter on 17 September 2011 Byrne suffered an ankle injury that would keep him out of action until the new year, he chose to remain at Bournemouth for treatment. On 22 February 2012, Byrne was recalled to Tottenham having made his return from injury in a Spurs XI friendly the day before.
Byrne was signed by Crawley Town on loan on 24 September 2012 till 6 January 2013. He made 14 starts and 1 substitute appearance, scoring once, his first ever league goal, at Carlisle United on 29 September 2012.
Swindon Town (loan and permanent transfer)
On 28 March 2013, Byrne signed for Swindon Town on a loan deal that would see him at the County Ground for the rest of the 2012–13 season.
On 26 April 2013, Nathan agreed to sign for Swindon Town on a free transfer following a successful loan spell at the club from Tottenham Hotspur. During the second leg of the League One playoff against Brentford, he received a red card during extra time after Swindon equalised late in the first half to make the score 3–3.
Byrne made 43 league appearances during the 2014–15 season and helped Swindon make the play-offs. having contributed 3 goals and 9 assists in the league, he also made the League One team of the year.
During the first leg of the League One play-off semi final against Sheffield United away, he scored the winning goal for Swindon on 93 minutes to make the score 2–1 and carry a one-goal advantage back to the County Ground.
Byrne scored a hat-trick on the opening day of the 2015–16 season in a 4–1 win against Bradford City.
Wolverhampton Wanderers
On 1 September 2015 Byrne joined Championship club Wolverhampton Wanderers, signing a three-year contract (with the option of a fourth year) for an undisclosed fee. He made his club debut on 19 September 2015 as a substitute in a goalless draw against Brighton, with his first start coming later that month in a 3–0 win at Fulham. Byrne scored his first goal for the club on 17 December, a late consolation in a 2–3 home loss to Leeds United. His second and final goal for the club also came at Molineux, when he opened the scoring in a 2–1 win over Bristol City on 8 March 2016. What was to be his final appearance for the club came as a late substitute in a 1–1 draw at eventual champions Burnley on 19 March, where his last-minute corner was headed in by Danny Batth.
Wigan Athletic
On 31 August 2016, almost a year after joining Wolves and having not featured under new coach Walter Zenga, Byrne departed to join newly promoted Championship side Wigan Athletic for an undisclosed fee in a three-year deal.
On 9 January 2017 it was announced that Byrne had joined League 1 side Charlton Athletic on loan for the remainder of the season. He scored his first goal for the club in a 2–1 win over Bolton Wanderers on 28 January 2017.
In April 2019 Byrne was subjected to racist tweets.
Derby County
On 10 September 2020 he became a new Derby County player.
Charlotte FC
On 4 August 2022, Byrne signed for Major League Soccer club Charlotte FC on a two-year contract with the option for a further year.
Career statistics
Honours
Wigan Athletic
EFL League One: 2017–18
Individual
PFA Team of the Year: 2014–15 League One, 2017–18 League One
EFL Team of the Season: 2017–18
Wigan Athletic Player of the Year: 2017–18
Wigan Athletic Players' Player of the Year: 2017–18
References
External links
Academy & Reserve Profile at the Official Tottenham Hotspur site
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from St Albans
People educated at Parmiter's School, Garston
English footballers
Association football midfielders
St Albans City F.C. players
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
Brentford F.C. players
AFC Bournemouth players
Crawley Town F.C. players
Swindon Town F.C. players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
Wigan Athletic F.C. players
Charlton Athletic F.C. players
Derby County F.C. players
Charlotte FC players
English Football League players
English expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
The 2019 UEFA European Under-21 Championship (also known as UEFA Under-21 Euro 2019) was the 22nd edition of the UEFA European Under-21 Championship (25th edition if the Under-23 era is also included), the biennial international youth football championship organised by UEFA for the men's under-21 national teams of Europe. The final tournament was hosted by Italy (and some matches by San Marino) in mid-2019, after their bid was selected by the UEFA Executive Committee on 9 December 2016 in Nyon, Switzerland.
A total of twelve teams played in the tournament, with players born on or after 1 January 1996 eligible to participate.
Same as previous Under-21 Championships that were held one year prior to the Olympics, this tournament served as European qualifying for the Olympic football tournament, with the top four teams of the tournament qualifying for the 2020 Summer Olympic men's football tournament in Japan, where they will be represented by their under-23 national teams with maximum of three overage players allowed. The four teams that qualified for the Olympic Games were the ones that qualified for the knockout stage of this championship. For the first time, the video assistant referee (VAR) system was used at the UEFA European Under-21 Championship.
Germany were the defending champions.
Hosts
In 2015 the Italian Football Federation confirmed that Italy would bid to host the tournament in 2019, which also involved the San Marino Football Federation. Italy and San Marino were appointed as hosts at a meeting of the UEFA Executive Committee in Nyon on 9 December 2016.
Qualification
All 55 UEFA nations entered the competition, and with the hosts Italy qualifying automatically (the other co-hosts San Marino would not qualify automatically), the other 54 teams competed in the qualifying competition to determine the remaining eleven spots in the final tournament. The qualifying competition, which took place from March 2017 to November 2018, consisted of two rounds:
Qualifying group stage: The 54 teams were drawn into nine groups of six teams. Each group was played in home-and-away round-robin format. The nine group winners qualified directly for the final tournament, while the four best runners-up (not counting results against the sixth-placed team) advanced to the play-offs.
Play-offs: The four teams were drawn into two ties to play home-and-away two-legged matches to determine the last two qualified teams.
Qualified teams
The following teams qualified for the final tournament.
Note: All appearance statistics include only U-21 era (since 1978).
Notes
Final draw
The final draw was held on 23 November 2018, 18:00 CET (UTC+1), at the Lamborghini headquarters in Sant'Agata Bolognese, hosted by Mia Ceran and conducted by tournament ambassador Andrea Pirlo, who won the tournament in 2000.
The 12 teams were drawn into three groups of four teams. Italy, the host country, was assigned to position A1 in the draw, while the other teams were seeded according to their coefficient ranking following the end of the qualifying stage, calculated based on the following:
2015 UEFA European Under-21 Championship final tournament and qualifying competition (20%)
2017 UEFA European Under-21 Championship final tournament and qualifying competition (40%)
2019 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualifying competition (group stage only) (40%)
Each group contained either the hosts or one team from Pot 1 (which were drawn to position B1 or C1), and one team from Pot 2 and two teams from Pot 3 (which were drawn to any of the positions 2–4 in the groups). The draw pots were as follows:
Venues
On 9 December 2016, Italian Football Federation pre-selected venues (including one inside San Marino territory):
Stadio Renato Dall'Ara in Bologna, Italy
Mapei Stadium – Città del Tricolore in Reggio Emilia, Italy
Stadio Dino Manuzzi in Cesena, Italy
Stadio Nereo Rocco in Trieste, Italy
Dacia Arena in Udine, Italy
San Marino Stadium in Serravalle, San Marino
Match officials
Video Assistant Referees (VAR)
Stuart Attwell & Paul Tierney (England)
Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea & Xavier Estrada Fernández (Spain)
Ruddy Buquet & François Letexier (France)
Christian Dingert & Tobias Stieler (Germany)
Michael Fabbri & Marco Guida (Italy)
Jochem Kamphuis & Bas Nijhuis (Netherlands)
Luís Godinho & João Pinheiro (Portugal)
Squads
Each national team had to submit a squad of 23 players, three of whom had to be goalkeepers, at least 10 full days before the opening match. If a player was injured or ill severely enough to prevent his participation in the tournament before his team's first match, he could be replaced by another player.
Group stage
The group winners and the best runners-up advanced to the semi-finals and qualified for the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Tiebreakers
In the group stage, teams were ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss), and if tied on points, the following tiebreaking criteria would be applied, in the order given, to determine the rankings (Regulations Articles 18.01 and 18.02):
Points in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
Goal difference in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
Goals scored in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
If more than two teams are tied, and after applying all head-to-head criteria above, a subset of teams is still tied, all head-to-head criteria above would be reapplied exclusively to this subset of teams;
Goal difference in all group matches;
Goals scored in all group matches;
Penalty shoot-out if only two teams have the same number of points, and they met in the last round of the group and are tied after applying all criteria above (not used if more than two teams have the same number of points, or if their rankings are not relevant for qualification for the next stage);
Disciplinary points (red card = 3 points, yellow card = 1 point, expulsion for two yellow cards in one match = 3 points);
Position in the UEFA under-21 national team coefficient ranking for the final draw.
All times are local, CEST (UTC+2).
Group A
Group B
Group C
Ranking of second-placed teams
The match-ups of the semi-finals depended on which runners-up qualified (Regulations Article 17.02):
Knockout stage
In the knockout stage, extra time and a penalty shoot-out were used to decide the winners if necessary.
Bracket
Semi-finals
Final
Goalscorers
Awards
The following awards were given at the conclusion of the tournament:
Player of the Tournament: Fabián
Golden Boot: Luca Waldschmidt
Team of the tournament
After the tournament the Under-21 Team of the Tournament was selected by the UEFA Technical Observers.
Qualified teams for 2020 Summer Olympics
The following four teams from UEFA qualified for the 2020 Summer Olympic men's football tournament.
1 Bold indicates champions for that year. Italic indicates hosts for that year.
2 The team represented the United Team of Germany in 1956, and the Federal Republic of Germany (i.e., West Germany) in 1972, 1984 and 1988.
England were ineligible for the Olympics as they are not an Olympic nation (while an agreement was reached between the four British football associations to enter the Great Britain women's team, no agreement was reached for the men's team). Had they reached the semi-finals, the last Olympic spot would have gone to the winner of an Olympic play-off match, scheduled to be played at Stadio Dino Manuzzi, Cesena on 28 June 2019, 21:00 CEST, between the two group runners-up which did not qualify for the semi-finals. However, when England failed to advance out of the group stage, this match was cancelled.
International broadcasters
Television
All 21 matches were live streamed for the unsold markets via UEFA.tv and highlights were also available for all territories around the world via the UEFA YouTube channel.
Participating nations
Non-participating European nations
Outside Europe
Radio
Participating nations
Non-participating European nations
Outside Europe
References
External links
2019 U21 EURO final tournament: Italy, UEFA.com
2019
Under-21 Championship
International association football competitions hosted by Italy
2018–19 in Italian football
2019 in youth association football
2018–19 in San Marino football
International association football competitions hosted by San Marino
June 2019 sports events in Europe
Uefa
Vemana, popularly known as Yogi Vemana, was an Indian philosopher and poet in the Telugu language. His poems are known for their use of simple language and native idioms. They discuss the subjects of yoga, wisdom and morality.
Early life and background
There is no consensus among scholars about the period in which Vemana lived. C.P. Brown, known for his research on Vemana, estimates his year of birth to be 1652 based on some of his verses. Various sources say he was born in the fifteenth, sixteenth and seventeenth centuries.
Vemana was Telinga to Jangama community. Brown says this was in his original history of Yogi Vemana. Vemana was a Vedic scholar and a great yogi in achala sidhantha.
Vemana was born in Gandikota, Kadapa district in Andhra Pradesh.
Death
There is a headstone marking the grave of Yogi Vemana in Katarupalli (Kadiri town), a village in Kadiri taluk, Anantapur district, Andhra Pradesh. It is widely believed that Vemana died in this village. Owing to the fact that he was a yogi, he was buried and not cremated.
Poetic style
Many lines of Yogi Vemana's poems are now colloquial phrases of the Telugu language. They end with the signature line Viswadaabhi Raama Vinura Vema, literally "Beloved of Viswada, listen Vema." There are multiple interpretations of what the last line signifies.
Vemana's poems were collected and published by Brown in the 19th century. His poems follow various themes: social, moral, satirical and mystical. Most of them are in Ataveladi (dancing lady) meter.
Films
Yogi Vemana, a 1947 Telugu film directed by K. V. Reddy, starring Chittoor V. Nagaiah.
Sri Vemana Charitra, another Telugu film, released in 1986 and directed by C. S. Rao, starring Vijayachander.
References
External links
[Dr. Sridhar Rapelli, New York]
Vemana Yogi - Varna Vyavastha, Dr. Sridhar Rapelli, Commentator- 2002
Verses of Vemana - English Translation by C.P.Brown
The story of Vemana told by Sadhguru Jaggi Vasudev.
Telugu people
Telugu poets
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death uncertain
People from Rayalaseema
Indian male poets
Poets from Andhra Pradesh
Vijayanagara Poets
Cyrus Ghani (1929 Sabzevar, Iran – 2015 New York, USA) sometimes spelled Sīrūs Ghanī, was an Iranian-born academic, lawyer, Iranian studies scholar, and film critic. Born in Sabzevar, he also lived in the United States and in London.
Ghani's published works include Iran and the West: A Critical Bibliography (1987), Iran and the Rise of Reza Shah (1998), My Favorite Films (2004), A Man of Many Worlds: The Diaries and Memoirs of Dr. Ghasem Ghani (2006), an edited volume of the memoirs of his father, Ghasem Ghani, and Shakespeare, Persia, and the East (2008)
References
External links
Books by Cyrus Ghani
Living people
People from Sabzevar
Iranian film critics
1929 births
Bourscheid Castle (, , ) is located near the village of Bourscheid in north-eastern Luxembourg. The medieval castle stands on a site with archeological evidence of structures dating back to Roman times. Standing majestically some 150 metres (490 ft) above the River Sûre, it is enclosed by a circular wall with 11 watchtowers.
History
Although first mentioned in records from 1095, the castle appears to have been built around the year 1000 on earlier foundations, in what was then the County of Luxemburg, part of the Holy Roman Empire. It was extended on several occasions: the outer wall dates from 1350, the Stolzembourg house from 1384, and the courtyard from 1477. Behind the gateway from the end of the 15th century, a ditch protected by four towers barred access to the upper and lower castles. The southern and eastern towers are from 1498 and the artillery bastions were built in the 16th century.
The extension of the upper part of the castle took place in the 15th century while the great fireplace and tall chimney were completed about a hundred years later. After 1626 it was owned by the House of Metternich, before the French Revolution put an end to their feudal power. Schenk von Schmidtburg, who acquired the castle at the end of the 18th century, undertook some repair work but was unable to prevent further degradation. In the 19th century, after the chapel collapsed, there was talk of demolishing the building. However, in 1936 it became a listed site and in 1972, with the encouragement of an association called the Friends of the Castle of Bourscheid, the State acquired the building and undertook extensive repairs. As a result of restoration work, the castle is now fully accessible to visitors, but remains a predominantly open-air ruin. An audio tour is available in Luxembourgish, German, French, Dutch, and English. Publication of the Bourscheid historical archives has provided details of the castle and its former inhabitants.
Visiting times
The castle is open to visitors all the year round: 1 April to 15 October from 9.30 am to 6 pm and 16 October to 31 March from 11 am to 4 pm.
Full-price admission to the castle costs five euros, with discount prices available for adults, students, and children. Admission includes an audio-guide. Audio guides are not available for guests who arrive within 90 minutes of closing.
Future
See also
List of castles in Luxembourg
References
Bourscheid, Luxembourg
Castles in Luxembourg
Tourist attractions in Luxembourg
Convention centres in Luxembourg
Castles in the Ardennes (Luxembourg)
Castles in the Eifel
This is a list of mass shootings in the United States that have occurred in 2019. Mass shootings are incidents involving multiple victims of firearm-related violence. The precise inclusion criteria are disputed, and there is no broadly accepted definition.
Gun Violence Archive, a nonprofit research group that tracks shootings and their characteristics in the United States, defines a mass shooting as an incident in which four or more people, excluding the perpetrator(s), are shot in one location at roughly the same time. The Congressional Research Service narrows that definition, limiting it to "public mass shootings," defined by four or more victims killed, excluding any victims who survive. The Washington Post and Mother Jones use similar definitions, with the latter acknowledging that their definition "is a conservative measure of the problem," as many shootings with fewer fatalities occur. The crowdsourced Mass Shooting Tracker project has the most expansive definition, of four or more shot in any incident, including the perpetrator.
There were 434 mass shootings in 2019 that fit the inclusion criteria of this article, resulting in 517 deaths and 1,643 injuries, for a total of 2,160 victims. Compared to the previous year, there were 111 more incidents.
Definitions
There are many definitions of a mass shooting. Listed roughly from broad to specific:
Stanford University MSA Data Project: three or more persons shot in one incident, excluding the perpetrator(s), at one location, at roughly the same time. Excluded are shootings associated with organized crime, gangs or drug wars.
Mass Shooting Tracker: four or more persons shot in one incident, at one location, at roughly the same time.
Gun Violence Archive/Vox: four or more shot in one incident, excluding the perpetrators, at one location, at roughly the same time.
Mother Jones: three or more shot and killed in one incident at a public place, excluding the perpetrators.
The Washington Post: four or more shot and killed in one incident at a public place, excluding the perpetrators.
ABC News/FBI: four or more shot and killed in one incident, excluding the perpetrators, at one location, at roughly the same time.
Congressional Research Service: four or more shot and killed in one incident, excluding the perpetrators, at a public place, excluding gang-related killings and those done with a profit-motive.
Only incidents considered mass shootings by at least two of the above sources are listed below.
List
Parenthetical number indicates the amount of mass shootings that occurred in that city year to date.
Statistics
According to data compiled by the Associated Press, USA Today, and Northeastern University, the year 2019 saw the highest number of mass killings recorded to date: 475 killed in 441 incidents. Thirty-three of these mass killings, defined here as four or more people killed excluding the perpetrator, involved firearms.
See also
List of school shootings in the United States (before 2000)
List of school shootings in the United States (2000–present)
List of school shootings in the United States by death toll
Casualty recording
Notes
References
External links
Gun Violence Archive Mass Shootings
Mass Shooting Tracker Mass Shootings
Mother Jones Mass Shootings
USA Today Mass Shootings
Vox Mass Shootings
Washington Post Mass Shootings
2019 crimes in the United States
2019 murders in the United States
Mass shootings in the United States
Mass shootings in the United States by year
John Fearnley (born 13 September 1968) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s. He played for the Parramatta Eels, and South Sydney in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition.
Playing career
Fearnley made his first grade debut for Parramatta in Round 3 of the 1991 season against Norths. Fearnley went on to make 76 appearances for Parramatta before switching to Souths. Fearnley went on to make only 3 appearances for South Sydney before retiring at the end of the 1995 season.
References
1968 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Parramatta Eels players
Rugby league players from Bathurst, New South Wales
Rugby league props
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
Douglas Frederick Cornelius Hayward (5 October 193426 April 2008), was an English fashion designer and bespoke tailor, who dressed many famous people during the 1960s. The inspiration for customer Michael Caine's characterisation of his role in the 1966 film Alfie, he was also the model for client John le Carré's Harry Pendel, aka The Tailor of Panama.
Early life
Born to working-class parents in Kensington, West London, Hayward and his brother grew up in Hayes. His father cleaned heating boilers for the BBC and worked a second job cleaning buses in Uxbridge; while his mother worked during World War II in a munitions factory. Hayward won a scholarship to Southall Grammar School. He had a trial at inside-left for the Middlesex county football team, but lost out to Johnny Haynes, who was also a left footer.
Career
Hayward left school at 15, looking for a white-collar job:
He was apprenticed to a Shepherd's Bush Green tailor who visited the flats in Cadogan Square, where his uncle was a caretaker. During this period he worked a summer in Clacton-on-Sea as a Butlins Redcoat, and after finishing his apprenticeship served his National Service in the Royal Navy, an experience he later admitted got him focused.
Returning to civilian life, he continued working for his original employer, but also started after hours work on his own creations. Early clients like Peter Sellers, Terence Stamp and lyricist Herbert Kretzmer, came through his excellent theatrical links at the local theatre, the BBC's Lime Grove Studios, or through his first wife, Diana, sister-in-law of film director Basil Dearden.
Unable to gain a cutters job on either Savile Row or even Oxford Street due to his Cockney accent, Hayward then joined fellow showbiz specialist tailor Dimitrio Major, based in Fulham. It was here that he developed a service mentality, driving his Mini Countryman estate car to allow him to attend customers wherever required, including Richard Burton at the Dorchester Hotel.
Hayward first set up on his own operating out of a small room in London's Pall Mall, before moving to 95 Mount Street in Mayfair in 1966 where he lived above the shop which soon became a club for his famous clients. In the rear was the cutting room overlooking the Mount Street Gardens.
His weekend home was on the Oxfordshire estate of client and friend Lord Hambleden, near Henley on the Thames; Described by many as like a gentlemen's club, the shop acted as a hub for all of Hayward's clients when in London. Tea or something stronger was often served and the coffee table was littered with autographed copies of books written by writer clients including Joseph Heller who wrote Catch 22 Dougs favourite book. There was also a collection of teddy bears, a gift from his client Ralph Lauren, whose later Purple Label line was inspired and advised by Hayward. but Hayward's best pal was his Jack Russell terrier Burt who had his own made to measure suits. Client Michael Parkinson said of the shop:
Hayward's client list included: actors Clint Eastwood, Sir John Gielgud, Michael Caine, Terence Stamp, Ray Austin; film director Rex Harrison, Steve McQueen and John Osborne; actor Tommy Steele; singer Tony Bennett; newsreader Tom Brokaw; footballer and 1966 World Cup England captain Bobby Moore; Formula 1 world champion Sir Jackie Stewart; and businessmen Lord Hanson and Mark Birley. Female clients included Faye Dunaway, Mia Farrow, Jean Shrimpton and Sharon Tate. His design of suits for singer Mick Jagger lead him to designing the wedding suit for Bianca Jagger, and later many of her iconic white jumpsuits. His film credits included Caine's suits in The Italian Job, and Roger Moore in James Bond. Actor James Coburn called Hayward "the Rodin of tweed". Many of his clients became close friends. An early friend was Ralph Lauren, who met Dougie in the early 80's on one of his first visits to London. Ralph realized that Hayward's approach to his clients, and their corresponding support of his style and tailoring, was very similar to his own and exactly what he envisioned for his eventual entry into the London market. Dougie recognized Ralph's ideas and talent and became a great friend and supporter. In his approach to his clientele as a complete source of style, Hayward sold hand-made shoes, and his own line of watches and leather luggage. He lectured at the Royal College of Art on tailoring, placing emphasis on cutting: "You can't do anything unless you can cut." Pragmatic and undemanding of his clients body, Hayward believed that any one could be made to look sleeker:
Every week until her death in 1984, he visited his mother, Winifred. Each time he would present her with a £1 note, to pay for her Meals on Wheels. He also gave her regular sums of money, always in cash. Convinced that her son was running either a brothel or a game of chemmy, she kept it all. After her death, the family found it beneath her bed in 15 empty ice cream boxes, with a note: "This money is to get Doug out of prison when they finally get him."
Media influence
Hayward provided the real-life inspiration for his friend Michael Caine's most iconic screen role, serial philanderer Alfie Elkins. He was also the model for client John le Carré's Harry Pendel, aka The Tailor of Panama.
Personal life
Married twice, his first wife was Diana, sister-in-law of film director Basil Dearden. His second was journalist Glenys Roberts, with whom he had a daughter Polly, who later became his business partner. Roberts divorced Hayward in 1978. Hayward was so charming many women claimed to be his lovers. In 1973 he made a full-length double cashmere coat for Janet Street Porter.
Hayward had a lifelong love for football. A boyhood fan of both of Fulham and Arsenal, although on Saturdays after lunch on the King's Road he would head to Stamford Bridge to watch Chelsea. Hayward had his own team, the Mount Street Marchers and Social Club. The amateur team played in arranged matches on Hyde Park on Sunday mornings, whom he talked clients and actors Richard Harris and Tom Courtenay, and occasionally Bobby Moore, into appearing for. In 1970 he persuaded the Rank Organisation to pay for his team to fly to Mexico for the 1970 World Cup. Believing that they were going to get an exclusive documentary about the England team, Rank were presented with footage of Hayward enjoying himself against local park sides.
Every Thursday, he would lunch at Harrys Bar with friends: photographer Terry O'Neill, hair expert Philip Kingsley, the owner of Tramp nightclub Johnny Gold and Michael Caine. The four of them made up the Mayfair Orphans' Club. His friendship with the Queen's cousin Patrick Anson, 5th Earl of Lichfield, led to them founding dining club Burkes. Invited to Lichfield's home on the Caribbean island of Mustique, he struck up a friendship with Princess Margaret, where the pair performed Cole Porter songs.
Hayward suffered a fall in 1996, and there followed a long period of ill health before his death brought on by vascular dementia. Hayward died in a London hospice. A lifelong agnostic, Hayward received the last rites from a Roman Catholic priest before his death, on which his daughter and business partner, Polly, commented: "Typical jammy bastard—gets forgiven all his sins right at the end."
Filmography
References
External links
People from Kensington
Butlins Redcoats
Royal Navy sailors
English fashion designers
English costume designers
Academics of the Royal College of Art
1934 births
2008 deaths
Shops in London
20th-century English businesspeople
Great Lakes Manor, also known as Kirby Manor Apartments, is an apartment building located at 457 East Kirby Street in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2020.
History
In 1925, a permit was issued to Pelavin Brothers to construct what was then known as the Kirby Manor Apartments. The area of the city where the apartment building stood was at the time a primarily Jewish neighborhood. The Pelavin Brothers themselves were part of the local Jewish community, as were many of the original tenants in the building. These tenants were primarily middle class workers, such as salespeople, small business owners, bookkeepers, and teachers.
At about the same time, the surrounding neighborhood was transitioning from a Jewish community to one that was majority African-American. Although the majority of building residents in 1930 were Jewish, by 1940 the majority were African-American. In 1936, the building was purchased by the Great Lakes Land and Investment Company, a subsidiary of the Great Lakes Mutual Insurance Company. Great Lakes Mutual was one of the largest African-American businesses in the state of Michigan. In 1937, the company renamed the building the Great Lakes Manor. The apartment building, and its ownership, was part of an important step toward civil rights in the city of Detroit, as it provided accessible housing to the growing African American middle class.
In about 1942, Charles H. Mahoney, the president of Great Lakes Mutual, moved into Great Lakes Manor. He lived there into the early 1960s. In 1969, Great Lakes Mutual Insurance merged with the North Carolina Mutual Insurance Company, and in 1970 sold the Great Lakes Manor. However, the building gradually deteriorated and by 1989 was vacant. In that year, the city sponsored a rehabilitation project, which completely redid the interior and reduced the number of units from 42 to 30. In 2019–2020, the building was completely renovated. As of 2020, the building is being managed by Huron Real Estate Management
Description
Great Lakes Manor is a four-and-a-half-story Classical Revival style apartment building clad with multi-color brownish-red brick. It has a flat roof and a raised basement. The front facade has a recessed center section flanked by projecting rectangular bays. The recessed center section contains a stone entry portico with Doric columns, approached by three steps.
At the level of the basement window lintels, a soldier course of bricks topped with a limestone band runs across the entire facade. Another limestone band runs across the wall at the level of the fourth-floor windowsill. Above the fourth-floor window lintels is a projecting header course. Above the basement, all of the window openings have limestone sills and soldier course lintels. At the very top of the building is a parapet, just below which runs a brick soldier course and a masonry band. A carved stone panel in the parapet wall tops the center of the facade.
On the interior, the entry opens into a small vestibule with a stairway. The stairway leads to corridors on each floor, which run the length of the building with apartments on both sides and stairs at each end of the corridor. The apartments contain are all one or two bedroom units.
References
External links
Huron Real Estate Management
Apartment buildings in Detroit
National Register of Historic Places in Detroit
Residential buildings completed in 1925
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
raw tension e.p. (stylized as >Raw Tension<) is an EP by haloblack, released on August 23, 1995, by Fifth Colvmn Records. It contains outtakes and remixes from the band's first two full-length Haloblack albums, Tension Filter and funkyhell. Intended to be pressed on compact disc in 1995 with its six songs contained in one continuous track, the EP was instead issued on cassette with an additional seventh track and te songs separated. On March 7, 2001, the CD-R version was released with original intended track listing intact on digital format.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the raw tension e.p. liner notes.
haloblack
Bryan Barton (as Bryan Black) – vocals, instruments, production
Bill Morrisette – production
Damien Ray – instruments
Additional performers
Joel Allard – guitar ("Blood Rich Heart")
Jim Marcus – vocals ("No Chance Control (Part 2)")
Jason McNinch – remixing ("Balance" (Warzone))
Paul Robb – sampler ("Hack")
Release history
References
External links
raw tension e.p. at Bandcamp
raw tension CD at Bandcamp
1995 EPs
Haloblack albums
Fifth Colvmn Records EPs
Lying to the Moon is the debut album of American country music singer Matraca Berg. It was released in 1990 via RCA Records Nashville. The album accounted for the singles "Baby, Walk On", "The Things You Left Undone", "I Got It Bad", and "I Must Have Been Crazy". Berg co-wrote all ten of the tracks.
Content
The album's first two singles, "Baby, Walk On" and "The Things You Left Undone," both peaked at 36 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. Following these were "I Got It Bad" and "I Must Have Been Crazy" at 43 and 55 respectively. The album itself reached number 43 on Top Country Albums.
"Baby, Walk On" was later recorded as "Walk On" by Linda Ronstadt on her 1995 album Feels Like Home. Trisha Yearwood recorded the title track on her 1993 album The Song Remembers When. Pam Tillis recorded "Calico Plains" for her 1994 CD "Sweethearts Dance"
Critical reception
Mark A. Humphrey of Allmusic gave the album four-and-a-half stars out of five, saying that she "sometimes delivers with brio." Alanna Nash of Entertainment Weekly rated it A-plus, saying that "Berg proves herself to be a songwriter of uncommon maturity" and calling her "unquestionably the first true country femme fatale of the '90s."
Track listing
All songs written by Matraca Berg and Ronnie Samoset except where noted.
"The Things You Left Undone" – 2:56
"I Got It Bad" (Berg, Jim Photoglo) – 3:36
"Lying to the Moon" – 3:49
"I Must Have Been Crazy" – 3:05
"You Are the Storm" – 4:14
"Calico Plains" (Berg, Mike Noble) – 3:40
"Appalachian Rain" – 3:39
"Baby, Walk On" – 3:08
"Alice in the Looking Glass" – 3:36
"Dancin' on the Wire" (Berg, Josh Leo, Wendy Waldman) – 3:30
Personnel
As listed in liner notes.
Sam Bush – mandolin, fiddle
Bruce Bouton – steel guitar, Dobro, Weissenborn
Clara Callaway – background vocals
Coleida Callaway – background vocals
Sudie Callaway – background vocals
John Catchings – cello
Ashley Cleveland – background vocals
Dan Dugmore – steel guitar, Dobro
Rob Hajacos – fiddle
Emmylou Harris – background vocals
Bernie Leadon – acoustic guitar, banjo, mandolin, mandola, mandocello
Josh Leo – acoustic guitar
Tracy Nelson – background vocals
Gary Prim – keyboards
Lisa Silver – fiddle
Harry Stinson – drums, percussion, background vocals
Bobby Taylor – oboe
Wendy Waldman – background vocals
Biff Watson – acoustic guitar
Willie Weeks – bass guitar, "cheap fretless bass"
John Willis – electric guitar, acoustic guitar
Chart performance
References
1990 debut albums
Albums produced by Josh Leo
Matraca Berg albums
RCA Records albums
Albums produced by Wendy Waldman
August Jokinen (11 June 1888 – 3 August 1970) was a Finnish wrestler. He competed in the middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1888 births
1970 deaths
People from Sysmä
People from Mikkeli Province (Grand Duchy of Finland)
Olympic wrestlers of Finland
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Finnish male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Päijät-Häme
Panoche Pass is a mountain pass within the Diablo Range in San Benito County, California connecting the southern extremity of the Santa Clara Valley in the west to the Panoche Valley and San Joaquin Valley in the east. The name Panoche Pass is used for the United States Geological Survey quadrangle map for the local area. County Route J1, also known as the Panoche Road, traverses the pass.
Curiously, the elevation of posted on the official highway sign is at least higher than that indicated on the official USGS topographic map of the area.
Natural history
The headwaters of Panoche Creek are located at Panoche Pass.
The locale has numerous flora and fauna species. There are also a number of wildflower species including the iconic yellow mariposa lily, Calochortus luteus, which has been specifically noted in the Panoche Pass.
See also
Panoche Hills
Pacheco Pass lies to the north of Panoche Pass and is more heavily travelled
New Idria, California
Notes
References
David L. Durham. 2000. Durham's place names of California's Central Coast, page 145 of 241 pages
C. Michael Hogan. 2009. Yellow Mariposa Lily: Calochortus luteus, GlobalTwitcher.com, ed. N. Stromberg
External links
July 25, 1861: Panoche Pass, Up and Down California, Reliving the Whitney Survey…150 years later
Mountain passes of California
Landforms of San Benito County, California
Diablo Range
Società Sportiva Milazzo is an Italian association football club, based in Milazzo, Sicily.
History
The club was founded in 1937 and refounded in 2006 and 2014.
From Promozione to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione
After a long period in the lower divisions of Italian football, Milazzo, thanks to three consecutive promotions, has succeeded in joining the professional football by taking part in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione in the 2009–10 season after an ascent started in Promozione Sicily in the 2007–08 season.
Its first season in the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione in 2010–2011 was successful, thanks to a great performance in the second round, which led the team finishing 3rd in the standings. Milazzo played in the playoffs against Avellino, but lost both matches, thus remained in the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione for next season. In this year's began a collaboration with the Liverpool FC: in fact most of the players coming through the youth team of Liverpool.
In the second season in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione Milazzo was facing relegation many times, but in the end was saved. In 2013 it was excluded from all competitions but in 2014 it was admitted to Eccellenza Sicily.
Colors and badge
The team's colors are red and blue.
External links
Web fans
Football clubs in Italy
Football clubs in Sicily
Milazzo
Association football clubs established in 1937
Serie C clubs
1937 establishments in Italy
The Ballymena and Larne Railway was a narrow gauge railway in County Antrim, Northern Ireland. The first part opened in July 1877 and regular passenger services began in August 1878, the first on the Irish gauge railways. Passenger services ended in 1933 and the last part of the railway closed in 1950.
Routes
From east to west, the railway ran for between Larne and Ballymena via Kilwaughter, Headwood, Ballyboley, Ballynashee, Collin, Moorfields, Kells and Harryville. A branch line operated from Ballyboley to Doagh via Ballynure and Ballyclare. From Larne, the line rose for to a summit of at Ballynashee. The gradient was, in places, as steep as 1 in 36. The line operated both passenger and goods traffic; transport of locally mined iron ore was the main reason for the construction of the line.
Early years
The line between Larne and Ballyclare opened in 1877. The line between Ballyboley and Ballymena opened in August 1878. The railway originally terminated at Harryville on the outskirts of Ballymena; in 1880 it was extended to Ballymena's main line (Belfast & Northern Counties Railway (B&NCR)) station, where it also made a connection with the Ballymena, Cushendall and Red Bay Railway. The extension from Ballyclare to Doagh opened in 1884. The line's original steam locomotives were built by Beyer, Peacock & Company of Manchester to a design similar to those built for the Isle of Man Railway. By the late 1880s the County Antrim iron ore industry was in decline. The railway experienced financial difficulties and was taken over by the B&NCR in July 1889.
Later years
The B&NCR was itself taken over by the Midland Railway (of England) in 1903, which in turn became part of the London, Midland & Scottish Railway (LMS) in 1923. The Midland and the LMS operated its lines in Northern Ireland through its Northern Counties Committee (NCC). Following the takeover, the parent companies were able to invest in new locomotives and equipment. Following World War I, the line experienced a further decline in mineral traffic and increasing road competition. Nevertheless, the LMS invested in new carriages for the line in 1928. These carriages were arguably the most comfortable and modern ever built for an Irish narrow gauge line, including steam heating, electric lighting, lavatories and corridor connections between the coaches. The steamer expresses took 60 minutes from Ballymena to Larne with one stop and 64 minutes eastbound with three stops.
In early 1933 the railway system in Northern Ireland was severely disrupted by a strike. The management announced that passenger services would not resume. The strike also saw the closure of the Castlederg and Victoria Bridge Tramway. Passenger services between Ballyclare and Doagh had already ended in October 1930. Goods train between Ballymena and Ballyboley Junction ended in 1940. The 12 mile long Larne to Ballyclare railway remained open until 3 July 1950, when the Ulster Transport Authority (which took over the LMS/NCC in 1949) closed the remaining part of the line. This followed the closure of a paper mill at Ballyclare, which had supplied much of the line's remaining freight traffic. The UTA also closed the Ballycastle Railway on the same day.
See also
List of narrow-gauge railways in Ireland
Ballycastle Railway
Ballymena, Cushendall and Red Bay Railway
Castlederg and Victoria Bridge Tramway
Cavan and Leitrim Railway
Clogher Valley Railway
County Donegal Railways Joint Committee
List of heritage railways in Northern Ireland
Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway
References
Closed railways in Northern Ireland
3 ft gauge railways in Ireland
Transport in County Antrim
Railway lines opened in 1877
Railway lines closed in 1950
Transport in Larne
1877 establishments in Ireland
1950 disestablishments in Ireland
Rhizophascolonus is an extinct genus of diprotodont known from the Early Miocene of South Australia.
The genus was first described to accommodate a new fossil species of Vombatidae, Rhizophascolonus crowcrofti, in 1967. A discovery at Riversleigh was published as another new species in 2018, Rhizophascolonus ngangaba, and further specimens from this area were assigned to R. crowcrofti in the same study.
References
Prehistoric vombatiforms
Prehistoric marsupial genera
Miocene marsupials
Miocene mammals of Australia
In molecular biology, the calponin family repeat is a 26 amino acid protein domain. Calponin 1 (CNN1) contains three copies of this domain. This domain is also found in vertebrate smooth muscle protein (SM22 or transgelin), and a number of other proteins whose physiological role is not yet established, including Drosophila synchronous flight muscle protein SM20, Caenorhabditis elegans unc-87 protein, rat neuronal protein NP25, and an Onchocerca volvulus antigen.
References
Protein domains
Simon Alexis Twigg (born 8 October 1977) is a former English cricketer. Twigg was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born at Wakefield, Yorkshire.
Twigg made his debut in county cricket for Cumberland against Norfolk in the 2002 Minor Counties Championship. Twigg played one further match for Cumberland in that competition, coming in the same year against Bedfordshire. He also made his debut in List-A cricket for Cumberland, against the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board in the first round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002.
In 2003, he joined Cheshire where he made his debut for the county in the 2003 Minor Counties Championship against Herefordshire. From 2003 to 2005, he represented the county in 12 Minor Counties matches, with his final Minor Counties appearance coming against Devon.
Twigg also represented Cheshire in List-A cricket, representing the county 3 List-A matches, with his final List-A match coming against Hampshire in 2004. In his 4 List-A matches, he scored 149 runs at a batting average of 37.25, with a two half century scores and a high score of 68.
References
External links
Simon Twigg at Cricinfo
1977 births
Living people
Cricketers from Wakefield
English cricketers
Cumberland cricketers
Cheshire cricketers
English cricketers of the 21st century
Gizem Elmaağaçlı (born 4 November 1997) is a Turkish compound archer. She is a member of Kayseri Büyükşehir Belediyespor and part of the national team.
Career
Gizem Elmaağaçlı won the gold medal in the compound women event at the 2019 European Indoor Archery Championships held in Samsun, Türkiye. She also won the bronze medal in the women's team compound event. Gizem received the invitational place to the Hyundai Archery World Cup Final held in Samsun at the end of the 2018 outdoor season. She lost her first match of that competition against eventual winner Sara Lopez.
References
1997 births
Living people
People from Kayseri
Turkish female archers
Universiade medalists in archery
Universiade silver medalists for Turkey
Universiade bronze medalists for Turkey
Medalists at the 2017 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 2019 Summer Universiade
20th-century Turkish women
21st-century Turkish women
Lake Wooleen is a DIWA-listed intermittent freshwater lake system located in the Mid West region of Western Australia. The lake is situated on Wooleen Station, approximately north of Yalgoo and west of Cue.
Description
The lake is situated on the Yilgarn Craton, lying on alluvial and lacrustine valley-fill deposits in the flood plain of the Roderick River. The surrounding country gently undulates among isolated hills and rocky outcrops. Wooleen is a flood plain lake made up of two claypans joined by a neck including associated marches.
The lake receives water approximately once every four years, fills once every ten years, and floods once every thirty years. It results from its position on a fault line and when it overflows it discharges into the Murchison River, but when the Murchison is in flood it can flow into the lake.
Filling is usually the result of rain events of a tropical origin that occur in autumn and summer; water depth may reach as high as several metres when full and can take as long as ten months to dry out again. The water quality is fresh when full but becomes increasingly brackish as the lake dries out.
The vegetation in the lakebed and claypans is mostly shrubland with species such as samphire and lignum dominating, and low open woodland of Eucalyptus camaldulensis in the margins. The surrounding vegetation is taller open shrubland.
See also
List of lakes of Western Australia
References
Wooleen, Lake
DIWA-listed wetlands
The 2009 Valencia Formula Two round was the first round of the 2009 FIA Formula Two Championship seasons. It was held on 30 and 31 May 2009 at Circuit de Valencia at Valencia, Spain. The first race was won by Robert Wickens, with Carlos Iaconelli and Kazim Vasiliauskas also on the podium. The second race was again won by Robert Wickens, with Mirko Bortolotti and Philipp Eng also on the podium.
Classification
Qualifying 1
Weather/Track: Sun 25°/Dry 35°
Qualifying 2
Weather: Sun 23°; Track: Dry 38°
Race 1
Weather: Sun 28°; Track: Dry 49°
Race 2
Weather: Cloud 26 °C; Track: Dry 29 °C
Standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
References
FIA Formula Two Championship
State Road 31 is an IB-class road in southwestern Serbia and Kosovo, connecting Raška with the Serbia - Kosovo border (Jarinje), passing from the north to the south until the Kosovo - North Macedonia border (Elez Han).
Before the new road categorization regulation given in 2013, the route wore the following names: M 22.3 and M 2 (before 2012) / 32 (after 2012).
The existing route is a main road with two traffic lanes. By the valid Space Plan of the Republic of Serbia, its section of the road is not planned for upgrading to a motorway and is expected to be conditioned in its current state.
The road is a part of European routes E65 and E80.
Sections
See also
Roads in Serbia
Roads in Kosovo
Notes
References
External links
Official website - Roads of Serbia (Putevi Srbije)
Official website - Corridors of Serbia (Koridori Srbije) (Serbian)
State roads in Serbia
Majdan () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 150.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The Notel, also called NoteTel (a portmanteau of "notebook" and "television"), is a brand of portable media player made in China which is popular in North Korea. The device has USB and SD ports, can play DVDs and EVDs (enhanced versatile discs, which are physically identical to DVDs but use a different file format), and contains a radio and TV tuner.
Notels have been popular in North Korea since around 2005, significantly facilitating the extension of the "Korean Wave" (Hallyu, the increase of the popularity of South Korean pop culture internationally) into the isolated country. After an earlier crackdown that caused their black market prices to drop, the devices were legalized in December 2014. As of 2015, they are available in some government stores (possession must be registered) as well as selling on the black market for around 300 Chinese yuan (ca. US$50), and are present in up to one in two urban households, according to some estimations. In China, Notels are no longer popular as of 2015, but sell well in the provinces that border on North Korea.
According to defectors, the Notel's multi-format support is used for evading detection of illegal media consumption: A North Korean DVD can be placed in the device while a South Korean video is played from a USB drive or the SD card, which could be easily removed in case government inspectors arrive and check the device's temperature to see if it has been recently used, leaving the DVD as an alternative explanation.
See also
Censorship in North Korea
Arirang (smartphone)
Samjiyon tablet computer
References
Portable media players
Censorship in North Korea
North Korean culture
Chinese Stock Exchanges may refer to the three main stock exchanges in mainland China:
Beijing Stock Exchange
Shanghai Stock Exchange
Shenzhen Stock Exchange
See also
Hong Kong Stock Exchange
Taiwan Stock Exchange
Bursa Malaysia
Dave D'Addio (July 13, 1961 – May 29, 2017) was an American football running back in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the fourth round of the 1984 NFL Draft.
D'Addio lived in Irvington until 1968 when his family moved to Union, NJ. He played for the UHS Farmers.
He played college football at the University of Maryland.
College statistics
1982: 60 carries for 272 yards and 3 touchdowns. 19 catches for 248 yards and one touchdown.
1983: 46 carries for 213 yards and 5 touchdowns. 20 catches for 208 yards.
References
1961 births
2017 deaths
Detroit Lions players
Maryland Terrapins football players
Players of American football from Newark, New Jersey
Holly Harris (born 2 November 2002) is an Australian figure skater who currently competes in ice dance. With her skating partner, Jason Chan, she is the 2019 Australian national champion.
As a singles skater, she qualified to the final segment at the 2017 World Junior Championships and finished 23rd overall. She is the 2016 Volvo Open Cup junior silver medalist and the 2016 Australian junior national champion.
Career
Singles career
After winning the Australian novice title for two consecutive seasons, Harris made her international competitive debut in the 2016–17 season, beginning on the Junior Grand Prix, where she placed eleventh at the JGP Germany. Next winning the Australian junior national title, she was assigned to compete at the 2017 World Junior Championships, where she qualified for the free skate and placed twenty-third overall. She described it as "an amazing experience" and anticipated training for the following season, but it would prove to be her last international competition as a singles skater.
Harris afterward suffered multiple concussions that she described as making her "a little bit afraid to hit my head again." She opted instead to switch to ice dance.
2019–20 season: Debut of Harris/Chan
Harris subsequently formed a dance partnership with Canadian ice dancer Jason Chan, and began training at the Ice Academy of Montreal under coaches Marie-France Dubreuil, Patrice Lauzon, and Romain Haguenauer.
Harris/Chan debuted internationally on the Challenger series at the 2019 CS Warsaw Cup, where they placed ninth, in the process defeating reigning Australian national champions Kerry/Dodds (in eleventh place) by almost 25 points. They went on to win the Australian national title. Harris/Chan made their ISU Championship debut at the 2020 Four Continents Championships in Seoul, where they placed ninth. They were assigned to compete at the World Championships in Montreal, but these were cancelled as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.
2020–21 season
Harris/Chan were assigned to make their Grand Prix debut at the 2020 Skate Canada International, but this event was also cancelled as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. They made their World Championship debut at the 2021 World Championships in Stockholm, placing twenty-fourth.
2021–22 season
Harris/Chan began the season at the Skating Club of Boston-hosted Lake Placid Ice Dance International, where they finished in fourth place. They then were assigned to the 2021 CS Nebelhorn Trophy, seeking to qualify a berth for Australia at the 2022 Winter Olympics. They finished in ninth place, making Australia the fourth reserve. Harris/Chan competed at two more Challenger events, finishing thirteenth at the 2021 CS Finlandia Trophy and seventh at the 2021 CS Golden Spin of Zagreb. They then won the bronze medal at the Santa Claus Cup.
Assigned to the 2022 Four Continents Championships in Tallinn, Harris/Chan finished in eighth place. The team concluded the season at the 2022 World Championships, held in Montpellier with Russian dance teams absent due to the International Skating Union banning all Russian athletes due to their country's invasion of Ukraine. Harris/Chan qualified to the free dance for the first time, coming in eighteenth place.
2022–23 season
Appearing at the inaugural Britannia Cup, Harris/Chan won the bronze medal. They were seventh at the 2022 CS Nebelhorn Trophy.
Programs
With Chan
Ladies' singles
Competitive highlights
CS: Challenger Series; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
Ice dancing with Chan
Ladies' singles
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Australian female ice dancers
Australian female single skaters
Figure skaters from Sydney
Banana Hill is a suburb of Karuri town, in the eastern part of Kiambu County, Central Province of Kenya. It is in the Africa/Nairobi time zone. Banana Hill's population constitutes 20 percent of the estimated 100,000 residents within the heart of Kiambaa Constituency.
The town situated 2,000 m above sea level, approximately 20 km north of Nairobi City via Limuru Road by Runda Estate. It is approachable from an alternate route, the Limuru, Kiambaa/Kiambu and Ndenderu/Redhill all-weather roads. Banana Hill comprises small estates named Banana town, Mombasa, Gacorui, Ndunyu, Miberethi Inana ('Eight Pipes'), and Thimbigwa.
Its location in the temperate Kenyan Highlands is thought to have been one of the major attractions for its former British colonizers. The area receives an average annual rainfall of 790 mm (31 in) with average temperatures ranging from 48–84 °F in January and 45–79 °F in July. Most mornings and evenings are chilly.
History
Banana Hills was so-named by British Colonial soldiers, locally known as johnnies, who could only see banana plantations as they looked downhill towards the capital city, Nairobi, whenever they drove their military trucks over the hills en route to Limuru. The green scenery has rapidly been replaced with mushroomed red rooftops of mansions as the city of Nairobi spread north.
Landmarks and other features
Coffee farming has been an important revenue source for the Banana Hill area, but has been on the decline as many landowners opt to resort to real-estate and building rentals where global prices for coffee have been in decline. The area is also known for dairy farming; and for horticulture, such as small-scale flower growing, from which a number of families have made livelihoods.
Banana Hill Art Studio
Banana Hill has world renown as a locale where multiple contemporary artists, The Banana Hill Artists, display and sell their work at the famed Banana Hill Art Studio (see photo). The work-cum-gallery setting was an idea originated by twelve artists in 1992, and has steadily grown into a representation site for the work of nearly four dozen artists.
Banks, health centre, police station, and post office
Banana Hill features branches of Family Bank Limited (FBL), Postbank, and Kenya Women Finance Trust Ltd. (KWFT), a microfinancing institution.
Karuri Health Centre is one of the oldest medical centres in the country. It provides outpatient services to area residents, has an 18-bed capacity; and offers maternity services.
Anthem healthcare providing speciality clinic services and radiology solutions.
Karuri Police Station.
Karuri Post office serves the following areas: Nairobi North – Kangemi, Kikuyu, Githunguri, Nazareth, Limuru, and the Postal Corporation of Kenya, Karuri.
Churches, faiths, and denominations
The oldest churches of the Banana Hill area were based on Protestant (primarily Anglican) and Catholic faiths. The major churches of Banana Hill are St. Martin de Porres Catholic Church, Karuri; and member churches of the ACK (Anglican Church of Kenya), such as ACK Emmanuel Church Karuri, ACK Thimbigwa Church, and ACK Banana Hill Church and Restoration victory Ministries International. Within the recent past, many other churches of different denominations have sprung up.
Schools in and near Banana Hill
Primary (elementary) schools in the area include Karuri Primary School, Kiambaa Primary School, Msingi Bora Academy; Muthurwa Primary School, Thimbigwa Primary School, and Kibathi Primary School.
Secondary (high) schools include Karuri High School, Muthurwa High School, Senior Chief Koinange High School; and off Banana-Kiambu Road in Kiambaa, Kiambu District—Banana Hill High School, a private secondary school offering French-language coursework.
A nearby postsecondary school is Banana Hill Technical Training Institute, in Karuri town.
Shopping, internet cafes, salons, and entertainment
Banana Hill has recently acquired its own identity as a significant shopping district in Kiambaa Division. It has also become an important transport exchange point. The town has hair salons, hardware stores, supermarkets, a good number of entertainment spots; and hosts a number of internet cafes. It also has a large market where farm produce and clothing items are bought and sold; and a large open-air market operating only on Mondays and Thursdays.
Ethnic makeup
Banana Hill is a multi-ethnic, multi-racial town with a reputation for welcoming refugees fleeing from local and international conflict areas, amongst them: Uganda, Mozambique, and South Africa when it was under apartheid rule. It is rumored that Yoweri Museveni, President of Uganda sojourned in Banana Hill during his years in exile. The same has been rumored of the late John Garang, head of the Sudan People's Liberation Army/Movement, which spearheaded the July 9, 2011, founding of the Republic of South Sudan. Also families of prominent Ugandans like the Late Katunku Nicholas, late Kirya Balaki Kebba Leader of Uganda Freedom Movement fighting group, Adok Nekyon cousin brother of the late President Milton OboteAir force Major Lutaya, Nampenda Philip, Muvule, Wamusi Teddy all lived in Banana hill from 1981-1985 when they went back to Uganda.
Transit and transportation
Banana Hills is a major transit point for passengers traveling to Limuru, Kiambu, Wangige, Kikuyu town and other outlying areas. The use of matatu vehicles (simplified plural, matatus) as primary means of commercial transportatio.. The matatu system relies on use of privately owned vehicles with assigned drives and touts, for which passengers are charged slightly higher fares than for bus travel. Matatus are, essentially, the strongest competition for bus transportation systems and taxi cabs outside of the capital city, and provide essential transportation for large numbers of commuters who work in the capital and large towns, but cannot afford ownership of vehicles. All vehicles used commercially for transportation of goods and passengers must be licensed.
Prominent personalities from Banana Hill
Sr. Chief Fredrick Kiniti Njonjo (Rtd.), a Karuri village headman before he was promoted and transferred to Makuyu, Murang'a District. He died on December 6, 2011.
Geoffrey Gatama Geturo, a co-founder (with Dr. Geoffrey William Griffin, MBS, OBE and Joseph Kamiru Gikubu, MBS) of Starehe Boys' Centre and School.
Gideon Waweru Gathunguri, founder and owner of the Banana Hill Studios, with branches in various towns in Kenya. Many Kenyans have posed for their photos in one of his studios. In the dark days of the KANU party's monopoly on Kenya politics, he challenged the then area MP (Member of Parliament), Mbiyu Koinange for the political seat, and ended up in detention.
James Njenga Karume, a long-time area representative in the Parliament of Kenya and a renowned Kenyan businessman.
Captain John Kiniti, an airline pilot with Kenya Airways. He is credited with single-handedly saving the national carrier, Kenya Airways, at the time of the breakup of the former East African AIrways.
James Kabui Githara (1943–2012) The creator of The Simple Crossword. He Africanized the crossword puzzle for Kenyans readers since 1982. In the '80s and '90s his crossword puzzles were featured in all Kenyan newspapers, The Nation newspapers. He was board of Governors of several high schools.
Joseph Kamiru Gikubu, MBS, a co-founder (with Dr. Geoffrey William Griffin, MBS, OBE and Geoffrey Gatama Geturo, MBS) of Starehe Boys' Centre and School.
Bishop Margaret Wangari, a n evangelist and faith healer who made Banana Hill her home, and became pioneer of the Pentecostal movement there. S he is founder of the Anointed Christian Fellowship, a ministry credited with the founding of many Pentecostal churches in the area and around the country.
Mbiyu Gakuura, Kiambaa Senator in Kenya's pre-independence era.
Mbiyu Koinange, son of the former famous colonial Senior Chief Koinange wa Mbiyu who was the Kiambaa Constituency representative in the Parliament of Kenya from 1963 to 1974. His fame is as a powerful government minister, and a very close confidante of Kenya's first president Jomo Kenyatta.
Beckham Njogu Kimani** Son of Louis and Teresiah Kimani. He was born a genius , currently he is a pro gamer putting banana hill on the map.
Mungai Kimari, a Commonwealth Games medalist who put Banana Hill on the world sports map.
Naomi Wanjiku Kiniti, a well known educator, philanthropist and farmer.
Bishop Obadiah Kariuki of Anglican Church of Kenya], Mount Kenya Diocese, who was among the first Africans to be ordained as a bishop in the then largely white-controlled Anglican church in post-colonial Kenya.
Salome Gaciku Mwaura (nyina wa Muthee), a businesswoman in Banana Hill town. Salome Mwaura and son Muthee (Samuel Gathunguri) are founder members of both ACK Emmanuel Church situated on Karuri High School road, and the ACK Banana Hill Church. She died on February 19, 2016.
Samuel Karuga Gathunguri and his spouse, Margaret Nyambura Karuga, respectably known as Nyina wa Alice, owners of the largest general provision store in the area for a long time. At the time, the store was Banana Hill's only distribution point for newspapers and magazines. The couple were the sole distributor of Coca-Cola and agents of Mbuni Dry Cleaners, the only dry cleaner of repute then.
Stanley Munga Githunguri, a successful businessman and former area MP (Member of Parliament).
Stanley Ngatho wa Muthumu, a former church elder and lay leader who taught catechism to many people from the area. He served the church for 50 years and continued to offer his services even after his retirement. He died in 2010.
References
Populated places in Central Province (Kenya)
Kiambu County
Magnentiini is a tribe of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae. There are currently 2 genera and 4 species in the tribe. It was formerly placed in the subfamily Nioniinae, but was moved to Deltocephalinae based on anatomical similarities. Members of Magnentiini are superficially similar to members of Punctulini and Vartini.
Genera
There are currently two genera in Magnentiini:
Magnentius Singh-Pruthi, 1930
Ndua Linnavuori, 1978
References
Deltocephalinae
Alain Guionnet (22 April 1954) is a French Holocaust denier.
Education
Born on 22 April 1954 in the 14th arrondissement of Paris, Alain Guionnet received a bachelor's degree in economical and social administration and master's degrees in history and Hungarian.
Activism
According to Christophe Bourseiller, during Guionnet's youth, he led a far-left group called Oser lutter, oser vaincre ("Dare to struggle, dare to beat"), based in Issy-les-Moulineaux. Together with Pierre Guillaume, he also founded and contributed to the leftist newspaper La Guerre sociale. He wrote a "Letter to Guy Debord" that has been archived by the latter in his "Lettres reçues" (received letters).
In 1988, he publishes Josef Kramer vs. Josef Kramer, a pastiche of the movie Kramer vs Kramer, on former commandant of Bergen-Belsen concentration camp and Natzweiler-Struthof concentration camp Josef Kramer's trial through a book.
After having collaborated on a revisionist magazine, in 1989 he founded his own, titled Revision, which publishes anti-Masonic and antisemitic articles and texts including The Protocols of the Elders of Zion and some articles by Robert Faurisson. The ninth volume reprinted Élie Reclus's article against circumcision. In the same time, he founded the Association contre la mutilation des enfants (A.M.E.), together with Xavier Valla. Michel Erlich, a psychiatrist, categorized Revision as "[a vehicle of] delirious antiSemitism"; Guionnet hawked his magazine at Front National conventions. He published Revision until 2009.
Guionnet was sentenced to jail several times (in 1991, 1993 and 1994) for violations of the Gayssot Act, i.e., denying the Holocaust. He was also sentenced for defamation toward Pierre Vidal-Naquet.
Books
Guionnet has written three books published under various pseudonyms:
"Jacques Moulin", Le Mode de production des hommes-plantes (The Mode of Production of Plantmen), Issy-les-Moulineaux, A. Guionnet, 1980, 177 p. ()
"L'Aigle noir", Josef Kramer contre Josef Kramer : mémoire en défense (Joseph Kramer Against Josef Kramer: Defence), Paris, Polémiques, 1988, 151 p. ()
"Attila Lemage", Manifeste antijuif : du 10e siècle avant notre ère à nos jours, le combat des Titans (Anti-Semitic Manifesto: from the 10th century BC to nowadays, Titans' fight), Issy-les-Moulineaux and Paris, Libre parole and A. Lemage, 1991, 73 p. ().
He also prefaced two:
Friedrich Engels (preface and translation as "Jacques Moulin"), La Campagne pour la constitution du Reich allemand : 1850 (The Campaign for the Constitution of German Reich: 1850), Paris, J. Moulin, 1981, 147 p. ()
Maurice Joly (preface as "Jacques Moulin"), Dialogue aux enfers entre Machiavel et Montesquieu : 1864 (The Dialogue in Hell Between Machiavelli and Montesquieu: 1864), Issy-les-Moulineaux, Libre parole, 1991, 180 p. ().
External links
References
1954 births
Writers from Paris
Living people
French Holocaust deniers
People convicted of Holocaust denial
WTLQ-FM (97.7 MHz) is a commercial radio station located in Punta Rassa, Florida, broadcasting to the Fort Myers, Florida area. WTLQ-FM airs a hispanic urban music format branded as "Latino 97.7".
External links
Official Website
977Latino Facebook Page
Broadcast Center | Fort Myers Broadcasting Co. | Sun Broadcasting, Inc.
Hispanic and Latino American culture in Florida
TLQ-FM
TLQ-FM
1999 establishments in Florida
Radio stations established in 1999
Mayones Guitars & Basses, established in 1982, is a manufacturer of electric guitars and bass guitars, located in Gdańsk, Poland. They specialize in building handcrafted and custom instruments.
Basic Models
Guitars
- Aquila
- Regius
- Duvell
- Legend
Discontinued
Vidius
Maestro
Virtuoso
Setius
Bass guitars
- Jabba
- Caledonius
- Comodus
- Patriot
- Viking
Discontinued
BE
Elegance
Prestige
Slogan
Victorious
Artists
Some notable artists that use/have used Mayones instruments now and in the past:
Aaron Marshall (Intervals)
Acle Kahney (Tesseract)
Adel Rouhnavaz (Acrovaya)
Alber Sanmiguel (Enki)
Anders Nyström (Katatonia & Bloodbath)
Andrew Craighan (My Dying Bride)
Andy Slade (Collapse, Echovirus)
Adam Christianson (ARCHITECTS)
Adam Zieliński (JAMUN, War Within)
Aaron Aedy (Paradise Lost)
Amadeus Awad (Amadeus Awad & Amadeus Awad's EON)
Ali Dean (ARCHITECTS)
Alex Mauric (I Vs. I)
Andy Ionescu (Taine)
Bart Hennephof (Textures)
Brian van Zwietering (Dr.Jekyll)
Cristian Giurgiu (Tableau Mort)
Daniel Antonsson (Dark Tranquillity)
Daniel Gildenlöw (Pain of Salvation)
Dennis Notebaart (Yellow)
Dmitry Porubov (Психея)
Eric Hazebroek (Stream of Passion)
Fiachra Kelly (Xerosun)
Federico Malaman
Gareth Jeffs (Xerosun)
Gregor Mackintosh (Paradise Lost)
Hadrien Feraud
Hugo Markaida (Rise to Fall)
Jakob Batten (Illdisposed)
Jeroen van Veen (Within Temptation)
Jil Y. Creek
Jimmy Haslip (Yellowjackets)
Jochem Jacobs (ex-Textures)
Juan Tides (Pervy Perkin)
Johan Edlund (Tiamat)
John Browne (Monuments)
Jon Schaeffer (Traverser)
Jonas Renkse (Katatonia, Bloodbath)
John Paul Jones (Led Zeppelin, Them Crooked Vultures)
Keshav Dhar (Skyharbor)
Kristoffer Gildenlöw
Lena Abé (My Dying Bride)
Leo Tomasz Dorsz (Red Seas Fire)
Leslie Jhonson
Mark Brekelmans (Selfmachine)
Michael Chirva (Tvangeste)
Misha Mansoor (Periphery)
Micael Svan (Myrah)
Mohini Dey
Niilo Sevänen (Insomnium)
Niklas Sandin (Katatonia)
Niklas Sundin (Dark Tranquillity)
Paul Jackson (T'Pau)
Per Eriksson (Katatonia & Bloodbath)
Patrick Sheridan (Fit For An Autopsy)
Paul Notebaart (Dr.Jekyll)
Peter "PeteyG" Graves (Red Seas Fire, CAGE)
Piotr Grudziński (Riverside)
Pontus Hjelm (Dead by April)
Prashant Shah (Scribe (band))
Roger Williams
Ruud Adrianus Jolie (Within Temptation)
Ryan Siew (Solo/Polaris)
Rick Sschneider (Polaris)
Scott Kay (Voyager)
Sylvain Coudret (Soilwork, Scarve)
Shaun Murphy (The Summoned)
Sergey Mavrin (Ария)
Stephan Schultz (Stream of Passion)
Sithu Aye
Ville Friman (Insomnium)
Viacheslav Kocharin (Психея)
Thorsten Geschwandtner (Nump)
Tom Searle (Architects)
Wojtek Pilichowski (Woobie Doobie)
Wes Borland (Limp Bizkit)
References
External links
Official website
Companies based in Gdańsk
Companies established in 1982
1982 establishments in Poland
Polish brands
Guitar manufacturing companies
Electric bass guitars by manufacturer
Musical instrument manufacturing companies of Poland
AN/TPS-70 is a mobile rotating S band phased array 3D radar produced by Westinghouse (Northrop Grumman). It can track 500 targets, displaying target range, height, azimuth, Identification Friend/Foe (IFF) information from an altitude of 0 to 100,000 feet (30,480 meters) to a maximum range of 240 nautical miles (444.5 km). It is the successor of the/TPS-43. The TPS-70 tactical radar provides reliability, sensitivity, and accuracy, even in the face of jamming and high-clutter conditions. It is being replaced by newer systems, but is still in service all around the world.
Operators
United States
United Arab Emirates
Serbia
Switzerland : TAFLIR
Australia
Canada
Colombia
Germany
Greece
Iran
Israel
Jordan
Mexico
Morocco
Pakistan
South Korea
Spain
Thailand
References
Military radars of the United States
Daniel Andres Espino (born January 5, 2001) is a Panamanian professional baseball pitcher in the Cleveland Guardians organization.
Amateur career
Espino was born and raised in Panama. He came to the United States during the Summer of 2016 with the Albany Paulies Baseball Program in Albany, Georgia; program that help him to find an opportunity to moved to the United States as a sophomore in high school and began attending Georgia Premier Academy in Statesboro, Georgia. As a senior in 2019, he went 9-0 with a 0.32 ERA. He committed to play college baseball at Louisiana State University.
Professional career
Espino was drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the first round, with the 24th overall selection, of the 2019 Major League Baseball draft. He signed for $2.5 million and made his professional debut with the Arizona League Indians. After pitching to a 1.98 ERA over six starts, he was promoted to the Mahoning Valley Scrappers. Over nine starts between both teams, Espino went 0-3 with a 3.80 ERA, striking out 34 over innings. Espino did not play a minor league game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the season.
Espino split the 2021 season between the Lynchburg Hillcats and the Lake County Captains, starting twenty games and going 3-8 with a 3.73 ERA and 152 strikeouts over innings.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Panama City
Panamanian expatriate baseball players in the United States
Baseball pitchers
Arizona League Indians players
Mahoning Valley Scrappers players
Lake County Captains players
Lynchburg Hillcats players
21st-century Panamanian people
Greshamville is an unincorporated community in Greene County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
A post office called Greshamville was established in 1877, and remained in operation until 1953. The community most likely was named after Volney Gresham.
References
Unincorporated communities in Greene County, Georgia
Unincorporated communities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Henry Ibbot Field (6 December 1797 – 19 May 1848), was an English classical pianist.
Field was born at Bath on 6 December 1797, was the son of Thomas Field, for many years the organist at Bath Abbey, by his wife, Mary Harvey, who died 15 June 1815. The father died 21 December 1831. Henry was the eldest of a family of seven children. He was educated first at Holdstock's Academy, and afterwards at the Bath Grammar School. At a very early age he showed his aptitude for music. He was taught by his father, and afterwards by James Morris Coombs, the organist of Chippenham. In 1807, being then just ten years of age, he performed for the first time in public, in a duet with his father. On 15 June 1830 he played with Johann Hummel, in the latter's Grand Sonata, op. 92. He was a virtuoso performer, and known throughout his career as a musical instructor. He was popular in his native city, and generally known as 'Field of Bath'.
Field was an acquaintance of Charles-Valentin Alkan, and played the premiere of the latter's 'Second Concerto da camera', which was dedicated to him, at Bath in 1834 during Alkan's first visit to England.
He was a good scholar in French, Italian, Spanish, and German. While working as teacher of music at Prior Park College, Field in 1835 was converted to Catholicism by the Rev. Dr. Gentili. He was formally received into that church by Bishop Baines during the winter of that year. He gave his last concert on 13 May 1848, in the Bath Assembly Rooms. Whilst playing Wallace's Cracovienne he was suddenly struck down by a paralytic seizure. He died on 19 May 1848, aged 50, at the house of his brother Frederick, the surgeon, in Northumberland Buildings, Bath.
References
1797 births
1848 deaths
18th-century English people
19th-century classical pianists
English classical pianists
People from Bath, Somerset
Schoolteachers from Somerset
19th-century British educators
English Roman Catholics
19th-century Roman Catholics
19th-century English musicians
Winners & Losers is an Australian television drama that premiered on the Seven Network on 22 March 2011. The series aired for five seasons, and focuses on the fictional lives of a group of women, as they deal with everyday problems that arise in their lives. The show was created by Bevan Lee and developed by Sarah Walker. Dan Bennett and John Holmes serve as the script executive and executive producer, respectively. The series is produced by Paul Moloney, and formerly by MaryAnne Carroll.
Episodes are broadcast on Tuesday nights at 8:30 pm (or 9:30) Australian Eastern Standard Time (AEST). All episodes are approximately forty-three minutes, excluding commercials. The series is broadcast in 16:9 in standard definition. The first five seasons have been made available for viewing on Presto in Australia.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2011)
Season 2 (2012)
Season 3 (2013–14)
Season 4 (2014–15)
Season 5 (2016)
Ratings
References
Lists of Australian drama television series episodes
Bourbon County (county code BB) is a county located in Southeast Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 14,360. Its county seat and most populous city is Fort Scott.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1855, Bourbon County was established.
21st century
Bourbon virus, a new strain of thogotovirus, was first discovered in Bourbon County. In the spring of 2014 an otherwise healthy man was bitten by a tick, contracting the virus, dying 11 days later from organ failure.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Linn County (north)
Vernon County, Missouri (east)
Crawford County (south)
Neosho County (southwest)
Allen County (west)
Anderson County (northwest)
National protected area
Fort Scott National Historic Site
Major highways
Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau
U.S. Route 54
U.S. Route 69
Kansas Highway 3
Kansas Highway 7
Kansas Highway 31
Kansas Highway 39
Kansas Highway 65
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 15,379 people, 6,161 households, and 4,127 families residing in the county. The population density was 24 people per square mile (9/km2). There were 7,135 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.06% White, 3.08% Black or African American, 0.84% Native American, 0.36% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.28% from other races, and 1.33% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.29% of the population.
There were 6,161 households, out of which 30.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.50% were married couples living together, 9.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.00% were non-families. 29.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.01.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.80% under the age of 18, 9.50% from 18 to 24, 24.20% from 25 to 44, 22.30% from 45 to 64, and 18.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 93.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,199, and the median income for a family was $39,239. Males had a median income of $27,043 versus $20,983 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,393. About 9.50% of families and 13.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.00% of those under age 18 and 13.40% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Bourbon County is a strongly Republican county. Only six presidential elections from 1888 to the present have resulted in Republicans failing to win the county, with the last of these being in 1964.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1992, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
Education
Colleges
Fort Scott Community College
Unified school districts
Fort Scott USD 234
Uniontown USD 235
Communities
Cities
Bronson
Fort Scott
Fulton
Mapleton
Redfield
Uniontown
Unincorporated communities
Barnesville
Berlin (no longer exists)
Devon
Garland
Godfrey
Hammond
Harding
Hiattville
Hidden Valley
Hollister (no longer exists)
Marmaton
Pawnee Station
Ronald (Walkertown)
Xenia
Xerox
Townships
Bourbon County is divided into eleven townships. The city of Fort Scott is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Notable people
Jonathan M. Davis, 22nd Governor of Kansas; born in Bourbon County.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bourbon County, Kansas
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Bourbon County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 67 pages; 1920.
History of Bourbon County, Kansas: To the Close of 1865; Thomas F. Robley; 269 pages; 1894.
An Illustrated Historical Atlas of Bourbon County, Kansas; Edwards Brothers of Missouri; 55 pages; 1878.
External links
County
Bourbon County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Bourbon County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
Kansas counties
States and territories established in 1855
Jan-Åke Jonsson (born September 18, 1951) was the managing director of Saab Automobile AB from April 1, 2005, to March 25, 2011. He currently sits as Chairman of the Board for Polstiernan Industri AB.
Education
Born in Valdemarsvik, Sweden, Jonsson received a bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Uppsala University and first joined Saab-Scania's Automobile Division in Nyköping in 1973.
Career
He held a variety of positions in Systems Development until becoming a Director for Aftersales & Services of Saab in Trollhättan in 1990. Jonsson held a variety of senior managerial position with Saab, including two years as vice president for Sales and Marketing for Saab USA, in Atlanta, GA (1991-1993), until he replaced Peter Augustsson at the helm of Saab Automobile in 2005. In 2010 he Received the Swedish Business Award for Outstanding Achievements of the first magnitude from the West Swedish Chamber of Commerce and Industry for decisive action for the western Swedish industry, regarding the way he led Saab Automobile through a restructuring process and protracted sale negotiations that continued for over a year.
Tax crimes allegation
The Swedish Tax Agency (Skatteverket) handed in a report to the police in May 2012 about their suspicions that Jonsson and two others had committed serious tax crimes. He was released later on Tuesday, but the criminal suspicions against him remain. He denies committing any crimes.
In April 2017 he was acquitted of these charges.
References
Saab
Uppsala University alumni
1951 births
Living people
Swedish chief executives in the automobile industry
Thepytus is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Thepytus epytus (Godman & Salvin, [1887])
Thepytus thyrea (Hewitson, 1867)
Thepytus arindela (Hewitson, 1874)
Thepytus echelta (Hewitson, 1867)
References
External links
Images representing Thepytus at EOL
Images representing Theptyus at Consortium for the Barcode of Life
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
The IIHF European Cup, also known as the Europa Cup, was a European ice hockey club competition for champions of national leagues which was contested between 1965 and 1997, governed by the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF).
History
The competition was originated by Günther Sabetzki, based on the European Cup of association football (now UEFA Champions League).
The tournament encountered problems. Countries had different levels of development in ice hockey, so some teams were weaker than others, resulting in a number of uncompetitive, one-sided games. Organisational difficulties were also posed by the refusal of some Soviet Union teams to play away games in certain places. This resulted in no final being held some years, and more than one final being held in others. The competition was discontinued after 1997. In its place, the European Hockey League and the Continental Cup, and later the IIHF European Champions Cup, were started.
Format
Teams were seeded and drawn into groups of four teams, with the winners of each group progressing to the next round, where they were drawn into groups again. Each round was played over a long weekend (Friday to Sunday) in a single venue, until one final group was left, the winner of which would be considered the champion. After the European Cup was discontinued, the Continental Cup would adopt this format.
Winners
Knockout, 1965/66–1977/78
Group, 1978/79–1989/90
Knockout, 1990–1996
Source:
By nation
See also
European Hockey League
IIHF Continental Cup
IIHF European Champions Cup
Spengler Cup
References
External links
IIHF Club Competition History on IIHF.com
European Cup
International Ice Hockey Federation tournaments
European international sports competitions
Recurring sporting events established in 1965
1965 establishments in Europe
The Honourable Richard Watson (6 January 1800 – 24 July 1852) was a British Whig politician who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Canterbury from 1830 to 1835 and briefly in 1852 for Peterborough.
Watson was the fourth and youngest son of Lewis Thomas Watson, 2nd Baron Sondes (1794–1874), by his marriage to the heiress Mary Elizabeth Milles, of North Elmham. His elder brother changed his name to Milles.
Watson was commissioned into the 11th Hussars, a cavalry regiment, and served in the Peninsula. He first stood for parliament at the 1826 general election in Canterbury, where he was nominated in his absence by the Reformers and polled just 107 votes. However, at the 1830 general election he topped the poll at Canterbury, with 1,334 votes, was returned unopposed in 1831, and again won a contested election in 1832, when one of the other candidates was the madman John Nichols Thom, calling himself Sir William Courtenay, otherwise 'Tom of Truro', who gained 375 votes. Watson was so dismayed by the support given to this opponent that he declined to stand again at the 1835 general election.
On 21 December 1839 Watson married Lavinia Jane, a daughter of Lord George Quin, granddaughter of Thomas Taylour, 1st Marquess of Headfort, and great-niece of George Spencer, 2nd Earl Spencer. They had three sons and two daughters, the last of whom was posthumous:
George Lewis Watson, married Laura Maria (d. 1893), daughter of Sir John Hobart Culme-Seymour, 2nd Baronet, in 1867, without issue
Edward Spencer Watson (d. January 1889), married Mary Blanche Hall on 28 September 1871 and had issue
Rev. Wentworth Watson (1 March 1848 – 5 July 1925), vicar of Monmouth, St. Thomas', Oxford, and Abingdon, married Eveleen Frances Stopford, sister of Albert Stopford, on 23 April 1903
Mary Georgiana Watson, married Sir Michael Culme-Seymour, 3rd Baronet on 16 October 1866
Lavinia Grace Watson (1852–1933), married Baron Eugen von Roeder (1847–1938) on 14 July 1875 and had issue
In 1849, he inherited from his childless brother Henry the remaining Northamptonshire estates of the family, centered on Rockingham Castle, where he had lived since 1836.
On 7 July 1852 he was returned at the general election to the Commons as MP for Peterborough, but died a few weeks later on 24 July 1852, at the age of 52, at the Baths in Bad Homburg, near Frankfurt. His body was brought home to England and buried at Rockingham, Northamptonshire.
References
External links
1800 births
1852 deaths
Whig (British political party) MPs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1830–1831
UK MPs 1831–1832
UK MPs 1832–1835
UK MPs 1852–1857
11th Hussars officers
Younger sons of barons
KF Skënderbeu Poroj (, FK Skenderbeg Poroj) is a football club based in the village of Poroj, Tetovo, North Macedonia. They recently competed in the Macedonian Third League.
History
The club was founded in 1993.
References
External links
Skënderbeu Poroj Facebook
Club info at MacedonianFootball
Football Federation of Macedonia
Skenderbeu Poroj
Skenderbeu Poroj
Association football clubs established in 1993
1993 establishments in the Republic of Macedonia
FK
L'abbaye truquée, written and drawn by Fournier, is the twenty-second album of the Spirou et Fantasio series, and the author's third, following the Spirou retirement of André Franquin. The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine, before its release as a hardcover album in 1972.
Story
Spirou, Fantasio and their guest Itoh Kata are visited by Charles Atan and his henchman Renaldo, members of The Triangle, who abduct the Japanese magician as a means of forcing his friends to join their organisation. The trail leads them to an old abbey located in an abandoned village. There, Spip, their pet squirrel, also disappears.
During this time, Kata's kidnappers are unable to keep him captive very long due to his conjuring tricks, no more than Spip who rejoins Spirou and Fantasio. When Spirou and Fantasio finally find Kata, he has just locked up all the men of the Triangle in a cell, with the exception of their leader, Charles Atan, and his assistant Renaldo.
Continuing their search, they prevent the self-destruction of the abbey and capture Atan. But Renaldo frees his boss and the two gangsters flee.
References
Fournier publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Spirou et Fantasio albums
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
1972 books
1972 in comics
Comics set in Europe
Harris Goldsmith (November 23, 1935 – April 2, 2014 in New York City) was an American pianist, music teacher and classical music critic.
Born in New York City, Goldsmith's family moved to Cuba for a year in 1938, to aid European Jews seeking to escape antisemitic persecution. Goldsmith studied at the Manhattan School of Music under Robert Goldsand. He earned his bachelor's and master's degrees in music from the Manhattan School of Music, where he studied with Robert Goldsand as a piano student. His early musical influences included conductors Arturo Toscanini and Guido Cantelli, and he was deeply affected by Cantelli's death in 1956.
Goldsmith, known among his peers as an opinionated musician, was recommended by one of his instructors to become a music critic. Goldsmith began writing music criticism as a record reviewer for High Fidelity in 1960, where he became an influential voice during the "heyday of the classical LP". His friends claimed that he could remember "every note of music he's ever heard". In a 2013 interview with New York City culture critic Sara Fishko, he recalled a performance by Toscanini 60 years earlier: "The one that really blew me away is the Eroica he did on December 6, 1953, because I already was well familiar with the piece from his 1949 recording". While Goldsmith could be effusive over performances, he became well known early in his criticism career for his barbed reviews. Remembering a review of Chopin preludes performed by Alexander Brailowsky, he said, "I really roasted it... I said, 'Alexander Brailowsky indulges in cliches and vagaries of taste. His performance is grotesque, fragmentary and clumsy.'" He went on to write for High Fidelitys successor publication, Musical America, as well as contributing to Opus, the New York Post, and The New York Times. He also provided liner notes for many re-releases of classical music recordings, and organized a 12 disc set recordings by Guido Cantelli, which he annotated. He shared a 1995 Grammy Award for Best Historical Album for his liner notes accompanying The Heifetz Collection.
Goldsmith played his debut piano performance in April 1965 at New York City's Town Hall. He made a number of recordings for various record labels in the 1970s, including a collection of Beethoven sonatas, and other releases of works by Johannes Brahms, Franz Schubert and Robert Schumann.
Goldsmith was also a music teacher himself. He was a visiting professor at Binghamton University, gave classes at the Eastman School of Music, and coached students at the Yale Summer School of Music. He was a professor of music literature and chamber music at Mannes College from 1994 until his death. Students he has worked with include noted pianists Cecile Licad and Jenny Lin.
References
1935 births
2014 deaths
Musicians from New York City
Manhattan School of Music alumni
General Lawrence may refer to:
Charles Lawrence (British Army officer) (1709–1760), British Army brigadier general
Craig Lawrence (born 1963), British Army major general
George St Patrick Lawrence (1804–1884), British Indian Army lieutenant general
Herbert Lawrence (1861–1943), British Army general
James F. Lawrence Jr. (1918–2006), U.S. Marine Corps brigadier general
Richard D. Lawrence (1930–2016), U.S. Army lieutenant general
Stringer Lawrence (1698–1775), British East India Company major general
See also
Attorney General Lawrence (disambiguation)
Christopher St Lawrence, 10th Baron Howth (c. 1568–1619), Anglo-Irish general
Richard St Lawrence, 7th Baron Howth (c. 1510–1558), Irish general
The Huallaga tanager (Ramphocelus melanogaster) or black-bellied tanager, is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is endemic to Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
Huallaga tanager
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Endemic birds of Peru
Huallaga tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rafaela () is in Argentina and is a suffragan diocese of Santa Fe de la Vera Cruz.
History
On 10 April 1961 Saint John XXIII founded the Diocese of Rafaela from territory taken from the Diocese of Reconquista and Archdiocese of Santa Fe.
Bishops
Ordinaries
Vicente Faustino Zazpe (1961–1968) Appointed, Coadjutor Archbishop of Santa Fe
Antonio Alfredo Brasca (1968–1976)
Alcides Jorge Pedro Casaretto (1976–1983) Appointed, Coadjutor Bishop of San Isidro
Héctor Gabino Romero (1984–1999)
Carlos María Franzini (2000–2012) Appointed, Archbishop of Mendoza
Luis Alberto Fernández Alara (2013–present)
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
Hugo Norberto Santiago, appointed Bishop of Santo Tomé in 2006
Gustavo Gabriel Zurbriggen, appointed Coadjutor Prelate of Deán Funes in 2011
Gustavo Alejandro Montini, appointed Auxiliary Bishop of San Roque de Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña in 2014
References
Rafaela
Rafaela
Rafaela
Rafaela
1961 establishments in Argentina
Subarnarekha ( Subarṇarekhā) is an Indian Bengali film directed by Ritwik Ghatak. It was produced in 1962 but not released until 1965. It is a part of the trilogy that includes Meghe Dhaka Tara (1960), Komal Gandhar (1961) and Subarnarekha (1962), all dealing with the aftermath of the Partition of India in 1947 and the refugees coping with it.
Plot summary
The film tells the story of Ishwar Chakraborty, a Hindu refugee from East Pakistan after the 1947 partition of India. He goes to West Bengal with his little sister Sita where he tries to start a new life. In a refugee camp, they see the abduction of a low-caste woman and Ishwar takes her little son Abhiram with him. He gets a job at a factory in the province, near the Subarnarekha River, courtesy his college friend Rambilas. Ishwar, Sita and Abhiram arrive at Chatimpur, a small settlement near Ghatshila where they meet Mukherjee, foreman of the foundry workshop, who greets them with love.
Abhiram is sent to Jhargram for education shortly after and Sita becomes lonely. Abhiram completes his study successfully and comes back on the very day Ishwar was appointed as the new manager. Abhiram finds that Ishwar had already arranged for his application in a German University to pursue his career further in engineering, but to his foster-brother's surprise, he refuses and decides to become a writer instead. Soon after, he and Sita realise that they are in love. But at this moment, Ishwar's fear of prejudice emerges, as he does not want his sister, a Brahmin, to marry a lower caste boy. At the same time, Abhiram's caste gets exposed to the others also when he recognizes his dying mother at rail station in front of many people. Ishwar senses danger and asks him to leave for Calcutta when he gives proposal to marry Sita. During Sita's wedding with another man, the girl and Abhiram elope and go to Calcutta. Ishwar is angry and heartbroken.
Sita and Abhiram live in the slums of Calcutta and try to make ends meet. They have a little son. One day, Abhiram gets a new job as a bus driver, but this leads to tragedy: when he accidentally hits and kills a little girl, he is lynched by the crowd. In her desperate situation, Sita is forced to think about taking up prostitution.
In the meantime, Ishwar is living a lonely and sad life in the province. When his old time friend Haraprasad comes to visit him, they decide to go to Calcutta on a binge drinking tour. They finally end up in a brothel, both completely drunk. When Ishwar staggers into one of the bedchambers, he is faced... with his own sister, whose first "client" he should become. Sita immediately recognizes him and cuts her own throat rather than have her brother see how far she has fallen. She dies. When Ishwar realizes what has happened, he breaks down.
At the end of the film, the now completely broken Ishwar meets Sita's little son, who is now his closest relative. Ishwar and Binu arrives at Ghatshila rail station. Just as the train leaves, Ishwar receives a letter from foreman Mukherjee from which he discovers that he has been sacked from his managerial job because of his honesty and the legal matters he faced after her sister killed herself. Mukherjee is now the new manager and he asks Ishwar to vacate the quarter. Ishwar, at first, feels lost but as he sees little Binu, he brightens up and decides to take the little boy into his clutches. The film ends with the two approaching the quarter along the banks of Subarnarekha, with Binu, not knowing the reality fills with joy to see his new home, the story he has been told by his mother many times, while Ishwar pants but still does not reveal the truth in order not to spoil his nephew's dream.
Credits
Cast
Abhi Bhattacharya as Iswar Chakraborty
Bijon Bhattacharya as Haraprasad
Indrani Chakraborty as Little Sita
Gita Dey as Koushalya (Bagdi Bou)
Mater Tarun as Little Abhiram
Ranen Roy Choudhury as Baul
Abanish Bandopadhyay as Hari Babu
Radha Govinda Ghosh as Manager
Ritwik Ghatak as Music Teacher
Madhabi Mukhopadhyay as Sita
Satindra Bhattacharya as Abhiram
Jahor Roy as Mukherjee (Foreman)
Umanath Bhattacharya as Akhil Babu
Sita Mukhopadhyay as Kajal Didi
Pitambar as Rambilas
Crew
Story: Ritwik Ghatak, Radheshyam Jhunjhunwala
Screenplay: Ritwik Ghatak
Cinematography: Dilip Rajan Mukherjee
Editing: Ramesh Joshi
Sound: Satyen Chatterjee
Art Direction: Rabi Chatterjee
Music: Ustad Bahadur Khan
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack consists of the following songs composed by Ustad Bahadur Khan:
Aaj dhaner khete roudro chhayay...
Ali, dekh bhor bhai... kahan jage...
Aaj ki ananda, aaj ki ananda, jhulat jhulane Shyamchanda...
Mor dukhuya ka se kahun... aaj'''
Khelan aaye... kuhar phuhar Accolades
In a critics' poll of all-time greatest films conducted by Asian film magazine Cinemaya in 1998, Subarnarekha was ranked at #11 on the list. Critic Girish Shambu, director Ashim Ahluwalia and 2 others included the film on their respective lists of "The Greatest Films of All Time" (polled by Sight & Sound''), making it the 322nd the best film according to the Directors' poll. Ahluwalia considers it to be "one of the most intuitive, messy and haunting films ever made with the best drunk taxi ride in the history of cinema."
References
External links
Subarnarekha: film analysis at Let's talk about Bollywood
1965 films
Bengali-language Indian films
Films set in Kolkata
Films directed by Ritwik Ghatak
Films set in the partition of India
1960s Bengali-language films
Films set in Jamshedpur
The Leopold Football Netball Club, nicknamed the Lions, is an Australian rules football and netball club based in Leopold, Victoria. The club teams currently compete in the regional Geelong Football Netball League. They play their home games at Leopold Memorial Park.
History
Originally a team from Leopold played in local competitions from 1897 to 1922.
In 1923 they disbanded.
In 1955 they reformed and entered into the Geelong & District Football League, Jarman Cup division. In 1963 they lost the Grand Final, both Grand Finalists were promoted to the Woolworths Cup. In 1964 they made the Woolworth Cup Grand Final but lost by a point.
In 1965 the transferred into the Polwarth Football League. While in this league moves were made for a Bellarine Peninsula based football competition. In 1971 they were one of the founding clubs of the Bellarine Football League. Finally in 1992 Leopold was admitted into the Geelong Football League, where has remained up to present days.
VFL/AFL players
David Loats –
Ben Graham –
Tony Brown –
Tim Boyle –
Clint Bartram –
Mario Bortolotto – ,
Luke Dahlhaus –
Tom Ruggles -
Jed Bews - Geelong
Craig Dowsett. - Geelong
Bibliography
Cat Country – History of Football in the Geelong Region, John Stoward,
References
External links
Official website
Geelong Football League clubs
1955 establishments in Australia
Geelong & District Football League clubs
Sport clubs established in 1955
Australian rules football clubs established in 1955
Netball teams in Victoria (Australia)
Joško Hajder (15 January 1994 – August 2022) was a Croatian footballer who played as a midfielder or forward. He last played for NK Omiš.
Club career
Passing through the ranks of the Hajduk Split youth academy, Hajder, an all-rounder playing mostly in the midfield and the attack, debuted for the first team in a 0-1 home loss on the 12.05.2012 to Lokomotiva Zagreb, coming in for the injured Mijo Caktaš, but never appeared again for the senior team.
After not being given a contract by Hajduk, he was signed by RNK Split and immediately sent on a loan to NK Imotski in the Treća HNL Jug. He was released during the winter period, and went on trial at NK Istra 1961, which he passed. Having impressed the coach Igor Pamić, he signed a 3.5 years contract with the Pula-based club.
References
1994 births
2022 deaths
Sportspeople from Split, Croatia
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Croatian footballers
HNK Hajduk Split players
RNK Split players
NK Imotski players
NK Istra 1961 players
NK Primorac 1929 players
NK Solin players
Croatian Football League players
Second Football League (Croatia) players
Palit Microsystems, Ltd. is a Taiwanese-based company, founded in 1988. It is known for exclusive manufacturing of graphic cards on the basis of Nvidia & ATI graphic chipsets. Palit's factories are found in Mainland, China, while the offices are in Taipei, Taiwan, a logistics center in Hong Kong, China, and branch office in Germany.
Palit Microsystems runs two major brands, Palit, and Gainward, which target different global markets, and other brands like Daytona, Galaxy (GALAX), Vivkoo, Yuan, KFA2 and XpertVision. It also contract-manufactures graphics cards for other companies. In 2013 Palit Microsystems surpassed ASUSTek, becoming the biggest graphics card vendor by volume. Palit Microsystems' monthly maximum capacity reaches 1,200,000 units. As of 2011 Palit's production share was about at 20–25% of world market of graphics solutions. In the same time on the Russian market Palit had more than 40%, in Ukraine – about 30%.
In 2005 Palit Microsystems acquired the Gainward brand, company and branch Gainward Europe GmbH for $1 million of Taiwan-based TNC Industrial.
See also
Gainward
References
Companies based in Taipei
Electronics companies of Taiwan
Graphics hardware companies
Taiwanese companies established in 1988
, or for short, is a 2011 Japanese live-action film directed by Makoto Tanaka which was released in Japanese cinemas on 4 June 2011. It is based on the bestselling book of the same name and followed a preceding anime series also of the same name.
Story
The movie is about Minami Kawashima (played by Atsuko Maeda), a high school girl who becomes the manager of her school's baseball team in place of her hospitalized friend, Yuki Miyata (Haruna Kawaguchi). She tries to lead the team to the National High School Baseball Championship by learning strategies from the business book Management: Tasks, Responsibilities, Practices by Peter Drucker, which she mistakenly bought.
Cast
Atsuko Maeda as , the team assistant
Koji Seto as , the baseball team's ace pitcher
Minami Minegishi as , the team's scorekeeper
Sosuke Ikematsu as , the team's catcher
Haruna Kawaguchi as , Minami's childhood friend
Yo Oizumi as , the team's coach
Hiroshi Oizumi as the manager
Hiroki Suzuki as Masayoshi Nikai
Yukito Nishii as Yunosuke Sakurai
Filming
Development
Moshidora was first announced on 13 December 2010, together with the main cast. The main character would be played by Atsuko Maeda in her first lead film role. Although the book was modeled on her fellow AKB48 member Minami Minegishi, Atsuko Maeda was chosen because she had more acting experience. Minami Minegishi will also star in the film as a supporting character.
Music
Moshidora'''s theme song was announced to be the song "Everyday, Kachūsha", sung by idol group AKB48. The lyrics of this song was written by Yasushi Akimoto, and the music was composed by Yoshimasa Inoue.
Release
Box officeMoshidora was first released in Japanese cinemas on 4 June 2011. It debuted in the 4th position at the Japanese box office with a total gross of US$2,232,675 in its debut weekend.
Soundtrack disc
The original soundtrack for the film Moshidora was released on 1 June 2011 by Sony Music Entertainment Japan.
Merchandise
Official visual book
An official visual book of the Moshidora'' film was released on 28 May 2011. It contains photographs of the making of the film.
References
External links
2011 films
2010s sports comedy-drama films
Japanese comedy-drama films
Films based on Japanese novels
Mass media franchises
Moshidora
Toho films
AKB48
Japanese baseball films
2011 comedy films
2011 drama films
Films scored by Takayuki Hattori
2010s Japanese films
ja:もし高校野球の女子マネージャーがドラッカーの『マネジメント』を読んだら#映画
Elliott Christopher Morgan (born February 22, 1987) is an American stand up comedian, actor, writer, host, producer and YouTube personality. Morgan is best known for being a co-host of the YouTube channel SourceFed. Morgan attended the University of Florida.
Early life
Morgan was born on February 22, 1987. Morgan attended the Lois Cowles Harrison Center for the Visual and Performing Arts, graduating in 2005, and the University of Florida, graduating in 2009 with a Bachelor of Science in zoology.
Career
SourceFed years (2012–2014)
In 2011, YouTube began its funding of original channels, which was launched in 2012. One of these channels was SourceFed, which was created by YouTube celebrity Philip DeFranco, who also created the popular Philip DeFranco Show. DeFranco hired three hosts, Morgan being one of them, to write, produce, and present news videos that would be known as 20 Minutes or Less. The series would later be known as SourceFed, named after the channel. Morgan was hired after he came into casting and DeFranco "instantly fell in love" with him and SourceFed co-host Lee Newton. Around the channel's launch, Morgan began posting videos on his personal channel as well. SourceFed began airing other programs, such as One on One, which Morgan was a recurring host on. The channel grew, reaching 500,000 subscribers in August 2012. In June, Morgan obtained management representation with The Collective. Later in the year, Morgan joined DeFranco and SourceFed co-host Meg Turney during the channel's live program, Election Night 2012 #PDSLive. Morgan also appeared in videos breaking down political parties and debates, as part of YouTube's "Election Hub".
In 2013 the SourceFed channel and its live event during YouTube's Election Hub were nominated for a total of four Streamy Awards, winning the Audience Choice for Best Series. Morgan's podcast, The Morganism, launched on March 20, 2013, debuted at #23, and peaked at #10 on the U.S. iTunes charts.
On July 22, Morgan launched a new show on his personal channel, "Happy Hour", in which he broaches a topic stand-up comedy style all the while drinking a beverage "someone over the age of 21 would drink, or someone under the age of 2." In November, Morgan began a series of guest co-host appearances on the webseries Live from E!, one of which was replayed on TV on the E! Network on November 11, 2013.
On April 2, 2014, Elliott announced his resignation from the SourceFed channel on his Facebook fan page, writing, "This is one of the most difficult decisions I've ever made and certainly the most bittersweet. I absolutely love the people I work with, and I'm incredibly proud of the content we've created over the past two plus years, not to mention the amazing audience that has supported me." During his time on SourceFed, Morgan appeared on the popular Internet series The Annoying Orange as Special Agent Cheese, on the web series H.A.C.K.S. as Lucas, and on an episode of SoulPancake's The FlipSide as Ryan. Aside from appearing, producing, and writing several Internet series, Morgan also appeared in the television series Marvin Marvin.
Post-SourceFed (2014–present)
On April 11, 2014, Morgan hosted his final video on the SourceFed channel. After his departure, Morgan continued his Happy Hour vlog series, which regularly featured several other SourceFed personalities, until October 2015. On April 12, 2014, Morgan began hosting the newly-launched Mashable Minute on Mashable's YouTube channel, a series produced by Collective Digital Studio. Morgan later hosted Monumental, a second online series produced by CDS under Mashable's online catalogue.
In October 2014, Morgan began hosting the weekly series, Misconceptions, on the Mental Floss YouTube channel. In addition to this series, Morgan began occasionally appearing in "Mental Floss: List" videos and continued to do so after "Misconceptions" aired its final episode on February 19, 2016.
In 2015, Morgan made a temporary return to SourceFed as the host of a weekly series called The Study. Prior to its debut, Morgan described the satire news/talk show as one that would feature “tight writing, irreverent humor, and a lot of dumb vape pen smoke.” The Study premiered on August 22, 2015, and maintained high viewership until its final episode, entitled "Elliott C. Morgan Gets Cancelled!", was released on April 23 of 2016. In the same year, Morgan hosted a short-lived online revival of classic game show Beat the Clock(featuring various internet personalities as contestants) for YouTube's online channel Buzzr until 2016.
In December 2015, Morgan recorded his first stand up comedy special entitled "Premature". The special premiered on Vimeo On-Demand December 10, with SUPERGRAVITY Pictures producing. The hourlong show included material outside of the usual from Morgan, but was well-received. Morgan used this special to kick off his comedy tour while still regularly updating his personal YouTube channel and appearing as a guest on other channels.
In the fall of 2016 Morgan once again took his comedy act on tour, alongside former SourceFed cohost Mike Falzone and friend Andrew Delman. In the same year Morgan began a comedy podcast with former SourceFed cohost Lee Newton, titled Shooting Stars. The show ran from March 2016 until August 2017.
Since 2017, Morgan has been a collaborator with YouTube channel Sugar Pine 7, appearing in their Alternative Lifestyle vlog series, as well as their short horror film, The Woods, in October 2017.
In December 2017, Morgan appeared in an hourlong TLC special called I Catfished My Kid. Inspired by MTV's Catfish, I Catfished My Kid follows host Elliott Morgan as he guides parents through a confrontation with their children regarding their internet activity.
In early 2018, Morgan began performing alongside Andrew Delman, Mike Falzone, Lee Newton, and others at Hollywood Improv as part of the show "Delman's Definitely Not Star Search".
Morgan launched a new YouTube channel and production company The Valleyfolk, with friends and founding SourceFed members Steve Zaragoza, Lee Newton, and Joe Bereta on January 8, 2018. As part of the channel he hosts a feature show called Hot Take, which combines real-world news reporting with satirical commentary.
In 2019, the Valleyfolk competed on the NBC comedy competition show Bring the Funny, winning the show's first season.
On October 1 of 2019, Morgan released his second comedy special, titled Holy Shit. The special explores Morgan's religious upbringing and transition into the lifestyle of Hollywood, and was filmed in one continuous shot. The hourlong special was directed by Sharon Everitt and produced by FilmSignal.
Personal life
Morgan married in 2007 when he was 20 years old (proposing at 19) to his wife, Tiffany, whom he met at 14. Elliott announced on his podcast "Shooting Stars" that he and Tiffany had separated in September 2015 and their divorce became final in June 2017.
On October 17, 2016, Morgan published a video endorsing Gary Johnson for President in the 2016 election. This video was primarily a response to Casey Neistat's video endorsing Hillary Clinton.
Morgan volunteers weekly with the Born to Act Players, a Los Angeles-based charity that teaches acting and improv to special needs students.
In early 2019, he announced via Instagram that he and fellow Youtuber and comedian Grace Helbig are dating. On February 28, 2021, Morgan announced via Instagram that he and Helbig are engaged.
References
1987 births
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American male actors
American male television actors
American male YouTubers
American sketch comedians
American YouTubers
Comedy YouTubers
DFTBA Records creators
Living people
Male actors from Florida
News YouTubers
People from Winter Haven, Florida
SourceFed people
University of Florida alumni
YouTube vloggers
Bezdonys Eldership () is an eldership in Lithuania, located in Vilnius District Municipality, east of Vilnius.
Etymology
The name is of Slavic origin, from Russian бездонный ("bottomless"). According to linguists, the name comes from a local hydronym Bedugnaitė and the village name written in a 15th-century Latin manuscript as Besdenayta/Besdonayta.
Nature
The eldership is home to Skersabaliai State Geomorphological Reserve. Most of the eldership is in Neris-Žeimena Lowland, and reaches Neris River in the west. Rolling hills and flatlands dominate the landscape. Most of the area is covered by the Lavoriškės-Nemenčinė forest. The largest river is Bezdonė.
History
Bezdonys are known historically since the 15th century, when Polish chronicler Jan Długosz noted that in 1415, Grand Duke Jogaila hunted in forests near Bezdonys. In 1516, a manor was built there, first owned by the Jesuits, and later the Educational Commission.
In the 16th century, Sigismund I the Old established the Arvydai-Bezdonys Manor and gifted it to a mint owner, and his son later gave the manor to the Jesuits. To this day, the classicist palace remains, and was privatized and restored in 2002.
In 1862, a railway line running from Warsaw to Saint Petersburg was built near the village of Bezdonys and a railway station was established there, and the village started to grow. By the end of 19th century, two factories were already operating in the area.
In 1937, a construction of a church in Bezdonys was completed.
In 1943, a Nazi concentration camp was established in a forest in the area.
The eldership was part of Nemenčinė District until 1962, when it was incorporated into Vilnius District.
In 2009, the eldership was subdivided into 9 subelderships (seniūnaitijos).
Populated places
There are 27 villages located within the eldership, the largest of which are Bezdonys, Arvydai and Ąžuolinė.
Ethnic composition
According to the 2011 census:
Lithuanian - 46.5%
Polish - 38.9%
Russian - 8.8%
According to the 2021 census, out of 2790 inhabitants:
Lithuanians - 1416 (50.75%)
Polish - 1008 (36.1%)
Russian - 196 (7.1%)
Gallery
References
Elderships in Vilnius District Municipality
In computing, a blacklist, disallowlist, blocklist, or denylist is a basic access control mechanism that allows through all elements (email addresses, users, passwords, URLs, IP addresses, domain names, file hashes, etc.), except those explicitly mentioned. Those items on the list are denied access. The opposite is a whitelist, allowlist, or passlist, in which only items on the list are let through whatever gate is being used. A greylist contains items that are temporarily blocked (or temporarily allowed) until an additional step is performed.
Blacklists can be applied at various points in a security architecture, such as a host, web proxy, DNS servers, email server, firewall, directory servers or application authentication gateways. The type of element blocked is influenced by the access control location. DNS servers may be well-suited to block domain names, for example, but not URLs. A firewall is well-suited for blocking IP addresses, but less so for blocking malicious files or passwords.
Example uses include a company that might prevent a list of software from running on its network, a school that might prevent access to a list of websites from its computers, or a business that wants to ensure their computer users are not choosing easily guessed, poor passwords.
Examples of systems protected
Blacklists are used to protect a variety of systems in computing. The content of the blacklist is likely needs to be targeted to the type of system defended.
Information systems
An information system includes end-point hosts like user machines and servers. A blacklist in this location may include certain types of software that are not allowed to run in the company environment. For example, a company might blacklist peer to peer file sharing on its systems. In addition to software, people, devices and Web sites can also be blacklisted.
Email
Most email providers have an anti-spam feature that essentially blacklists certain email addresses if they are deemed unwanted. For example, a user who wearies of unstoppable emails from a particular address may blacklist that address, and the email client will automatically route all messages from that address to a junk-mail folder or delete them without notifying the user.
An e-mail spam filter may keep a blacklist of email addresses, any mail from which would be prevented from reaching its intended destination. It may also use sending domain names or sending IP addresses to implement a more general block.
In addition to private email blacklists, there are lists that are kept for public use, including:
China Anti-Spam Alliance
Fabel Spamsources
Spam and Open Relay Blocking System
The DrMX Project
Web browsing
The goal of a blacklist in a web browser is to prevent the user from visiting a malicious or deceitful web page via filtering locally. A common web browsing blacklist is Google's Safe Browsing, which is installed by default in Firefox, Safari, and Chrome.
Usernames and passwords
Blacklisting can also apply to user credentials. It is common for systems or websites to blacklist certain reserved usernames that are not allowed to be chosen by the system or website's user populations. These reserved usernames are commonly associated with built-in system administration functions. Also usually blocked by default are profane words and racial slurs.
Password blacklists are very similar to username blacklists but typically contain significantly more entries than username blacklists. Password blacklists are applied to prevent users from choosing passwords that are easily guessed or are well known and could lead to unauthorized access by malicious parties. Password blacklists are deployed as an additional layer of security, usually in addition to a password policy, which sets the requirements of the password length and/or character complexity. This is because there are a significant number of password combinations that fulfill many password policies but are still easily guessed (i.e., Password123, Qwerty123).
Distribution methods
Blacklists are distributed in a variety of ways. Some use simple mailing lists. A DNSBL is a common distribution method that leverages the DNS itself. Some lists make use of rsync for high-volume exchanges of data. Web-server functions may be used; either simple GET requests may be used or more complicated interfaces such as a RESTful API.
Examples
For a list of some DNS-based blacklists, see the Comparison of DNS blacklists.
Companies like Google, Symantec and Sucuri keep internal blacklists of sites known to have malware and they display a warning before allowing the user to click them.
Content-control software such as DansGuardian and SquidGuard may work with a blacklist in order to block URLs of sites deemed inappropriate for a work or educational environment. Such blacklists can be obtained free of charge or from commercial vendors such as Squidblacklist.org.
There are also free blacklists for Squid (software) proxy, such as Blackweb
A firewall or IDS may also use a blacklist to block known hostile IP addresses and/or networks. An example for such a list would be the OpenBL project.
Many copy protection schemes include software blacklisting.
The company Password RBL offers a password blacklist for Microsoft's Active Directory, web sites and apps, distributed via a RESTful API.
Members of online auction sites may add other members to a personal blacklist. This means that they cannot bid on or ask questions about your auctions, nor can they use a "buy it now" function on your items.
Yet another form of list is the yellow list which is a list of email server IP addresses that send mostly good email but do send some spam. Examples include Yahoo, Hotmail, and Gmail. A yellow listed server is a server that should never be accidentally blacklisted. The yellow list is checked first and if listed then blacklist tests are ignored.
In Linux modprobe, the blacklist modulename entry in a modprobe configuration file indicates that all of the particular module's internal aliases are to be ignored. There are cases where two or more modules both support the same devices, or a module invalidly claims to support a device.
Many web browsers have the ability to consult anti-phishing blacklists in order to warn users who unwittingly aim to visit a fraudulent website.
Many peer-to-peer file sharing programs support blacklists that block access from sites known to be owned by companies enforcing copyright. An example is the Bluetack blocklist set.
Usage considerations
As expressed in a recent conference paper focusing on blacklists of domain names and IP addresses used for Internet security, "these lists generally do not intersect. Therefore, it appears that these lists do not converge on one set of malicious indicators." This concern combined with an economic model means that, while blacklists are an essential part of network defense, they need to be used in concert with whitelists and greylists.
Controversy over use of the term
In 2018, a journal commentary on a report on predatory publishing was released making claims that "white" and "black" are racially-charged terms that need to be avoided in instances such as "whitelist" and "blacklist". The journal hit mainstream in Summer 2020 following the George Floyd protests in America wherein a black man was murdered by an officer, sparking protests on police brutality.
The premise of the journal is that "black" and "white" have negative and positive connotations respectively. It states that since blacklist's first recorded usage was during "the time of mass enslavement and forced deportation of Africans to work in European-held colonies in the Americas," the word is therefore related to race. There is no mention of "whitelist" and its origin or relation to race.
This issue is most widely disputed in computing industries where "whitelist" and "blacklist" are prevalent (e.g. IP whitelisting). Despite the commentary-nature of the journal, some companies and individuals in others have taken to replacing "whitelist" and "blacklist" with new alternatives such as "allow list" and "deny list".
Those that oppose these changes question its attribution to race, citing the same etymology quote that the 2018 journal uses. The quote suggests that the term "blacklist" arose from "black book" almost 100 years prior. "Black book" does not appear to have any etymology or sources that support ties to race, instead coming from the 1400s referring "to a list of people who had committed crimes or fallen out of favor with leaders" and popularized by King Henry VIII's literal usage of a book bound in black. Others also note the prevalence of positive and negative connotations to "white" and "black" in the bible, predating attributions to skin tone and slavery. It wasn't until the 1960s Black Power movement that "Black" became a widespread word to refer to one's race as a person of color in America (alternate to African-American) lending itself to the argument that the negative connotation behind "black" and "blacklist" both predate attribution to race.
See also similar concerns regarding the technology terms "Master" and "Slave".
In August 2018, Ruby on Rails changed all occurrences of blacklist and whitelist to restricted list and permitted list.
Several companies responded to this controversy in June and July 2020:
GitHub announced that it would replace many "terms that may be offensive to developers in the black community".
Apple Inc. announced at its developer conference that it would be adopting more inclusive technical language and replacing the term blacklist with deny list and the term whitelist with allow list.
Linux Foundation said it would use neutral language in kernel code and documentation in the future and avoid terms such as blacklist and slave going forward.
Twitter Engineering team stated its intention to move away from a number of terms, including "blacklist" and "whitelist".
Red Hat announced that it would make open source more inclusive and avoid these and other terms.
ZDNet reports that the list of technology companies making such decisions "includes Twitter, GitHub, Microsoft, LinkedIn, Ansible, Red Hat, Splunk, Android, Go, MySQL, PHPUnit, Curl, OpenZFS, Rust, JP Morgan, and others."
References
External links
Squidblacklist.org - Blacklists For Squid Proxy and Content Filtering Applications.
ipfilterX by Nexus23 Labs - Blocks P2P Crawlers, Malware C&C IPs, Institutions and many more.
OpenBL.org - abuse reporting and blacklisting
Computing
Computer jargon
The Quinta da Bica is a Portuguese quinta located near Seia, in the Beira region. It is the origin of the reputed Quinta da Bica wines, which were among the founding wines of the Dão wine region, as well as being among the first wines in Portugal to be estate bottled. The estate's manor, commonly known as Casa da Bica, is currently the seat of the Viscounts of Sardoal, a cadet branch of the Spanish-Portuguese Sacadura Botte noble family.
Originally a monastery, it was bought in the early 17th century by the Ferraz de Figueiredo family. With the marriage of its 7th lady, D. Margarida Amélia Gonçalves Santiago de Montalvão de Moraes Sarmento Figueiredo e Castro, to João de Azevedo Pacheco Pereira de Sande de Sacadura Botte Côrte-Real, in 1850, and its subsequent inheritance by their second son, it became the seat of a cadet branch of the Sacadura Botte family. Also due to this marriage, the estate benefited from the renowned viticulturist João de Sacadura Botte Côrte-Real's efforts to improve and perfect the quality of the region's wine. Nowadays, it is the only one of Sacadura Botte's former wine estates still owned by the family.
History
The estate's main house was originally built as a monastery, in the early 16th century. About a century later, it was bought by Filipe Ferraz de Figueiredo, a local landed noble knight, who also owned a manor in the nearby village of Seia. His son, João Ferraz de Figueiredo, bought some of the surrounding land, and his grandson, Manuel Ferraz de Figueiredo, instituted a majorat, including the main house, its dependencies and the surrounding lands, effectively creating the estate.
Upon Manuel Ferraz de Figueiredo's death, the estate was inherited by Jacinto Ferraz de Figueiredo, his only male heir. However, Jacinto was a priest, and did not leave any children, so the estate was inherited by his sister, D. Maria Teresa de Matos Ferraz, married to Domingos Gonçalves Santiago, a King's Justice and Knight of the Order of Christ. Thus, the estate entered the Gonçalves Santiago family. This family was of Spanish descent, but had been established in the north-eastern region of Chaves for a few generations, their seat being Quinta da Raposeira, near the village of Outeiro Seco.
The coat of arms of the Quinta da Bica is a result of this union: the shield featuring the impaled arms of the Gonçalves and Ferraz families, to which Domingos Gonçalves Santiago and D. Maria Teresa de Matos Ferraz respectively belonged. The marriage produced three surviving children: two sons and a daughter. The eldest, Vicente José Gonçalves Santiago de Figueiredo, followed his father's footsteps and became both a King's Justice and a Knight of the Order of Christ, as well as Lord of Quinta da Bica estate upon the death of his father. It was during his time that, in the midst of the Peninsular War, the main house suffered extensive damage after being set on fire by the French troops, under Marshall Masséna, retreating from their defeat at the Battle of Bussaco, in 1810. More than half of the main house was rendered unusable, and as a result it was subjected to extensive reconstruction work that lasted until the beginning of the 20th century.
Vicente José Gonçalves Santiago de Figueiredo married D. Maria Caetana Madalena Ferreira de Montalvão de Moraes Sarmento e Castro, but their large issue consisted exclusively of daughters. The eldest, D. Ana Amélia Miquelina Gonçalves Santiago de Figueiredo de Moraes Sarmento e Castro, went on to inherit the estate, but never married, so her sister D. Rita Cândida Gonçalves Santiago de Montalvão became her heir presumptive. In an attempt to keep the estate in the family, D. Rita Cândida married her first cousin, José Gonçalves Santiago de Figueiredo, the only son of her father's younger brother, Joaquim José Gonçalves Santiago de Figueiredo, and his wife D. Francisca Teresa Joaquina Correia da Cunha.
This attempt, however, only managed to postpone the changing of families for another generation, as D. Rita Cândida and her husband only had two daughters. The eldest of these was D. Margarida Amélia Gonçalves Santiago de Montalvão de Moraes Sarmento Figueiredo e Castro, who married João de Azevedo Pacheco Pereira de Sande de Sacadura Botte Côrte-Real, Lord of Quinta da Aguieira. João de Sacadura Botte Côrte-Real, as he was most often referred to, was a widely acclaimed viticulturist and winemaker. Contemporary reports called him "the greatest winemaker of these times", "the most enlightened viticulturist of his generation" and the "archetypal patriarch of the rural landed nobility". In his estate of Aguieira he produced some of the finest wines of the Dão Region, which he was partially responsible for creating, as he was the founder of the first União Vinícola do Dão. He had other estates, both in Portugal and Spain, and produced wine from some of them. The Quinta da Bica estate greatly benefited from this marriage, since it was under João de Sacadura Botte Côrte-Real's auspices that its vineyards were brought to prime condition and its now well-known wine was first commercialized.
Upon his death, his eldest son inherited the main estate and family seat of Quinta da Agueira, whereas Quinta da Bica was inherited by his second son. He was João Pacheco de Sacadura Botte, a King's Justice, whose judicial career was, however, cut short by a crippling throat cancer. He survived, being treated in Germany with state-of-the-art medical care; and managed to communicate thanks to a specially designed silver device which acted as a prosthetic throat, but was unable to continue to serve as a King's Justice in result of the illness' effects. He continued, however, his father's work in both running the estate and wine-making, aided at different times by his three male sons, João, José Maria and Theodorico César.
After King Dom Carlos I of Portugal and his heir apparent, Prince Royal Dom Luís Filipe, Duke of Braganza, were murdered in Lisbon, the estate had its main gates closed and standards lowered in mourning. João Pacheco de Sacadura Botte, at the time lord of the estate, personally knew the deceased king, and had hunted with him on occasion. After the proclamation of the Republic in Portugal, the estate continued flying the flag of the Kingdom of Portugal, as opposed to the new Portuguese Republic's flag, for decades. It also served as headquarters for Sacadura Botte's several unsuccessful campaigns to galvanize the Beira region into supporting attempts to restore the Monarchy.
Genealogy
Originally bought by Filipe Ferraz de Figueiredo, the Quinta da Bica was only instituted as a majorat (or in Portuguese), by his grandson Manuel Ferraz de Figueiredo. Thus, the third de facto owner of the estate was, de jure, its first lord. The estate's rules of succession gave preference to male heirs, as was usual, but, in their absence, did not exclude female heirs. The estate hence passed from the Ferraz de Figueiredo lineage to the Gonçalves Santiago lineage, and later on to the Sacadura Botte lineage, in which it remains to this day.
References
Houses in Portugal
Wineries of Portugal
Portuguese nobility
Seia
Małków () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Mircze, south-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 450. In 2013, the Lasting Memory Foundation erected a memorial to 49 Jews from Chełm-Hrubieszów-Sokal Death March (see: Death marches (Holocaust)) who were murdered in the village of Małków.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Wadworth Hall is a grade I listed Manor House, in the village of Wadworth (near Doncaster), England. It was built in 1749 for the Wordsworth family by the renowned northern architect James Paine. It is currently a private residence and has been since approximately 1995. The house, however, has served a number of purposes over the past 250 years.
The building is constructed of magnesian limestone ashlar with a Westmorland slate roof. The main block is 3 by 4 bays in two storeys with attics with a later service wing attached.
History
The Wordsworth name appeared in the 11th century after a wave of migration was caused by the Norman Conquest of Britain in 1066. The Wordsworth Family lived in Yorkshire at 'Wadsuuorde' or Wadsworth. The English Language has only been standardised over the last few centuries and names were frequently misspelt on official documents due to illiteracy, giving a possible explanation of why the Hall and its surrounding village is called Wadworth (a variation of Wordsworth).
First found in Yorkshire, the family were seated at Wadsworth, recorded in the Domesday Book in 1086 as 'king's land', a moorland with two churches and scattered houses. An isolated building within the village is said to be the setting of Emily Brontë's famous novel Wuthering Heights. The village was granted by King William to Roger de Bully (believed to be the ancestor of the Wadsworths) following the Norman Conquest of England.
The estate was then passed on to the Ross family in the 19th century. James Clark Ross in the West Riding Electoral Registers of 1860, 1861 and 1862, "Qualification: Freehold Mansion and Land", "Place: Wadworth hall".
After its use as a family home, it was sold to the West Riding County Council in 1957 and was transformed into a nursing home before it was then sold on to a firm of architects, who converted it into offices. In the mid-1990s, the architects downsized and Andrew Cusack moved his computing business in on part of the ground floor of the hall. A year later, the opportunity arose for Cusack to purchase the hall.
See also
Grade I listed buildings in South Yorkshire
Listed buildings in Wadworth
References
Buildings and structures in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster
Country houses in South Yorkshire
Grade I listed houses
Grade I listed buildings in South Yorkshire
Sir Walter Rice was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1584 and 1611.
Rice was the only son of Griffith Rice of Newton, Llandefaisant who was High Sheriff of Carmarthenshire in 1567.
In 1584, he was elected Member of Parliament for Carmarthenshire. He was High Sheriff of Carmarthenshire for 1586 and served as a Deputy Lieutenant for Carmarthenshire from 1598 to 1608. In 1601 he was elected MP for Carmarthen and was knighted on 23 July 1603. In 1604 he was re-elected MP for Carmarthen.
Rice married Elizabeth, the daughter of Sir Edward Mansel of Margam. They had 4 sons and 7 daughters.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
High Sheriffs of Carmarthenshire
Place of birth missing
English MPs 1584–1585
English MPs 1601
English MPs 1604–1611
Eurycercus is a genus of crustaceans belonging to the suborder Anomopoda. It is the only genus in the monotypic family Eurycercidae. Eurycercus are relatively large anomopods, reaching sizes as large as .
Species
There are 16 species:
Subgenus Eurycercus (Bullatifrons) Frey, 1975:
Eurycercus (Bullatifrons) longirostris Hann, 1982
Eurycercus (Bullatifrons) macracanthus Frey, 1973
Eurycercus (Bullatifrons) pompholygodes Frey, 1975
Eurycercus (Bullatifrons) vernalis Hann, 1982
Subgenus Eurycercus (Eurycercus) Baird, 1843:
Eurycercus (Eurycercus) lamellatus (O.F. Müller, 1776)
Eurycercus (Eurycercus) microdontus Frey, 1978
Subgenus Eurycercus (Teretifrons) Frey, 1975:
Eurycercus (Teretifrons) glacialis Lilljeborg, 1887
Eurycercus (Teretifrons) nigracanthus Hann, 1990
Subgenus not determined:
Eurycercus beringi Bekker, Kotov & Taylor, 2012
Eurycercus cunninghami King, 1853
Eurycercus lamellatus (O.F. Müller, 1776)
Eurycercus meridionalis Bekker, Kotov & Elmoor-Loureiro, 2010
Eurycercus minutus Birabén, 1939
Eurycercus nipponica Tanaka & Fujita, 2002
Eurycercus norandinus Aranguren, Monroy & Gaviria, 2010
Eurycercus spinosus King, 1853
References
Diplostraca
Branchiopoda genera
Taxa named by Spencer Fullerton Baird
The BYU Cougars softball program began its first year in 2000. The current coach is Gordon Eakin who is in his 20th season coaching the BYU Cougars softball team.
History
The BYU Cougars softball team has been to 15 straight NCAA Tournament appearances and 16 total entering the 2020 season. In 2014 the Cougars became the only team to have won four conference championships from four different conferences in four consecutive years; 2011 Mountain West Conference, 2012 Western Athletic Conference, 2013 Pacific Coast Softball Conference, and 2014 West Coast Conference. The Cougars softball field is the fourth largest on-campus NCAA softball facility.
Stadium
Gail Miller Field is the home of the BYU Cougars softball team. The field is part of the Larry H. Miller Sports Complex and is located directly behind Larry H. Miller Field.
Results by season
References
Ilya Kaznadey (born June 22, 1989) is a Belarusian ice hockey player who is currently playing for HK Neman Grodno of the (BXL).
Kaznadey competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Belarus men's national ice hockey team.
References
1989 births
Living people
Belarusian ice hockey defencemen
HC Dinamo Minsk players
Metallurg Zhlobin players
Sportspeople from Minsk
Universiade medalists in ice hockey
Universiade silver medalists for Belarus
Competitors at the 2011 Winter Universiade
Vasile Bătrânac (born 1925) is a Moldovan former educator and early Soviet dissident who was the head of the Arcașii lui Ștefan group in the Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic shortly after World War II.
Biography
Vasile Bătrânac was born in 1925 in what is now western Moldova. His father was Ion Bătrânac. In 1944, he was arrested for the first time for anti-Soviet activity. Following World War II, Bătrânac founded Arcașii lui Ștefan in Soroca in 1945, along with fellow teachers Victor Solovei, Nicolae Prăjină, Teodosie Guzun, Anton Romaşcan, and a student, Nichita Brumă. Bătrânac was the head of the organization. Vasile Plopeanu is a conspirative name that Bătrânac used while he was the head of the organization.
In March 1947, the organization had 140 members. On 23 March 1947, Bătrânac and co-leader Vasile Cvasniuc were arrested. On 11 June 1947, he was sentenced to 25 years and sent to Siberia.
Gallery
Bibliography
Ştefan Tudor, Organizaţia Naţională din Basarabia "Arcașii lui Ștefan", Basarabia, 1992, nr.9
Ştefan Tudor, O.N.B. "Arcașii lui Ștefan" în Literatura şi Arta, nr 14, 16, 19, 21, 24, 25, 26 1997, aprilie-iunie
Mihail Ursachi, Organizatia Nationala Din Basarabia Arcașii lui Ștefan: Amintiri, Muzeum
References
External links
Rezistenţă armată anticomunistă
Organizația Națională din Basarabia (ONB) “Arcașii lui Ștefan”
Romanian people of Moldovan descent
1925 births
Moldovan independence activists
Moldovan anti-communists
History of Soroca
People from Soroca
Moldovan prisoners and detainees
Soviet dissidents
Soviet prisoners and detainees
Possibly living people
Sargocentron punctatissimum is a species of fish related to the squirrelfish.
References
External links
punctatissimum
Fish described in 1829
The 2018 Australian Protype Series was an Australian motor racing competition for Group 2C Supersports, Group 6SR Sports Racers, FIA Group CN cars and Group 2A Sports Cars. It was contested over a five rounds series which was managed by Australian Prototype Series Pty Ltd and sanctioned by the Confederation of Australian Motor Sport (CAMS) as an Authorised Series.
The series was won by Jason Makris driving a Wolf GB08CN.
References
Australian Prototype Series
Prototype Series
This list includes completed and topped out Latin American skyscrapers that reach a height of or more to their highest architectural feature, as established by the CTBUH. As of 2020 there are 43 buildings that meet this criterion, 23 of which are located in Panama City, Panama. An equal sign (=) following a rank indicates the same height between two or more buildings. An asterisk (*) indicates that the building is still under construction, but has been topped out. The "Year" column indicates the year in which a building was completed.
References
Latin
Latin
Tallest buildings
Dimitar Krstev Dičov (Bulgarian: Димитър Кръстев Дичов, Macedonian: Димитар Крстев Дичов, Serbian: Димитар Крстевић), also known as Dičo Krstev (Дичо Крстев) and best known as Dičo Zograf (Дичо Зограф) (1819–1872) was a Mijak iconographer, fresco painter and a representative of the Debar Art School in the Balkans in the 19th century.
In his short life he painted more than 2,000 icons in Orthodox churches in then Ottoman Empire (today Albania, Greece, North Macedonia, Kosovo, Bulgaria, Serbia and possibly Bosnia). Zograf systematically worked on new iconostases, renewed and supplemented existing ones, painted separate wall surfaces with frescoes and worked on whole ensembles in newly built churches and monasteries. Characteristically, his icons were painted on a neutral, mostly golden background, and thus emphasized the spirituality of the characters of the saints. In addition to the icons, he wrote Erminija, an autobiography and exposition of his knowledge of iconography. Today, his works are highly valued in Serbia, North Macedonia, and Bulgaria.
Biography
Origin and introduction to fresco painting
Zograf was born in the neighborhood of Lekovci in the village Tresonče in the Mijak region of Macedonia. His parents gave him the name Dimitar, and from his father, Krste, he got his last name - Krstev. When Dimitar was little he found out that he had another father, but he had father died when Zograf was one year old, and his mother remarried in the neighborhood of Lekovci, in Tresonče. His father, Krste Perkov was a primarily a woodcarver. When Zograf grew up, his father took him with his woodcarving group. Zograf was not interested in woodcarving, so he increasingly stared at the painters that his father often saw and made friends with.
He worked in many churches, including the frescoes in the monastery Saint Jovan Bigorski, the church Saint Gjorgji Pobedonosec in the village Rajčica as well as the iconostasis of the church Saint Nikola Gerakomija in Ohrid, from 1848 until 1869
There were many painters in the Bigorski Monastery at that time and Zograf left his father to study with them. The painters in the monastery, who had perfected painting in Mount Athos, showed him the basics of painting. Zograf learned the most about painting from master Mihail from Samarina. At first, the apprentices, including Dičo Zograf, drew the first layers of the icons, and at the end, the masters drew the last shadows and details.
Zograf married at the age of 20. He had seven sons and one daughter. Zograf died at the age of 54, in 1873.
Works
Zograf was an important painter, who in a short period of time painted more than 2,000 icons for the needs of the Orthodox churches, everywhere in North Macedonia, Bulgaria, Serbia and Greece. After much work in Bigorski Monastery, in 1835 Zograf was offered to lead a small group, which was to go to the churches and monasteries in Aegean Coast. He accepted the offer and with the group they passed a large part of what is today Greek Macedonia and painted many icons and frescoes. He painted his first complete painting while he was in Drama. Afterwards, he went to Skopje and painted just over 50 icons for the iconostasis of the church "Holy Mother of God". From 1844 to 1845 he painted on the churches and monasteries of Skopska Crna Gora in the village of Kučevište. In 1844 he returned to the Bigorski Monastery where in the next four years he painted several throne icons. He painted Jesus Christ, Holy Mother of God, Saint John the Baptist and Saint George Demetrius. After that he worked on a large order for the church of Saint Georgia in the village Banjane (1845/46). He also painted the icons Holy Mother of God Hodegetria, Saint John Pretecha and Council of the Holy Apostles in the church of Saints Peter and Paul in Tresonče, and in the following year, the icons Saint Nicholas the Wonderworker, Saint Three Hierarchs, as well as the icon Saint Athanasius. In the same year he painted other icons for the temple in Tresonče, such as the icons of Holy Sunday and Saint Petka, and in 1847 he painted the icon of Saint Archangel Michael, with the help of Petre Pačar, who was signed on the icon as a student of Zograf.
From 1847 to 1849 he worked in Tresonče. There he painted the icons: Tomino infidelity, Birth of Christ, Baptism of Christ, Birth of the Holy Mother of God, Saint Panteleimon and Tryphon, Saint Kuzman and Damian, Transfiguration of Christ, Introduction of the Most Holy Mother of God in the temple, Saint Saint George and Demetrius, Saint Constantine and Helena, Saint Saint Eustachius and Julian and Descent of the Holy Spirit. A particularly successful work is the biography of the large iconostasis cross in the large Tresonče church, which he completed in 1854. He worked on the painting of the church in Tresonče from 1844 to 1854. At the same time in the autumn of 1849 he went to Vevčani where he made the icon Holy Mother of God with Christ, the next year he was in the villages of Goreneka Sence and Kičinica, and then in Ohrid where in the Church of the Holy Mother of God Kamenska he painted the same icon as the icon in Vevčani. In Ohrid in two years he painted about 40 icons, among which was the icon Saint Vrači the Great in the Church of the Holy Mother in Ohrid. In these years Zograf managed to use the most of his creative possibilities. In the following years he painted the following significant icons: The iconostasis in the Church of Saint Dimitrija in the village Volkovija, which he painted in 1852, the iconostasis in the Church of Saint Nicholas in the monastery in the village Ljubanci in 1853, in the Church of Saint Nicholas in Kumanovo in 1856, in the Church of St. Ilija in the village Kadino in 1857, Saint Marina Church in village Zubovce in 1859. At the end in 1859 he went to Serbia, to the city of Vranje where he painted in the churches Holy Trinity Church, and in 1860 and 1861 Zograf was again in what is today North Macedonia and painted Saint Constantine and Helena, Saint Bogorodica in the Church of the Holy Mother of God in Skopje, and then he was in Ohrid where he worked in the temples Saint Nikola Gerakomija, Saint Bogorodica Čelnica, Saint Bogorodica Kamenska, Saint Bogorodica Bolnicka, Holy Mother of God Peribleptos and in Saint Demetrius. During these years, Zograf painted hundreds and hundreds of icons, when there were many people who wanted to draw saints.
From 1862 Zograf shifted the focus to Ohrid where he became one of the most sought after icon painters. During this period, Zograf worked on icons and frescoes for the Orthodox churches in Ohrid, mostly restoring the older iconostases and replicating the external ones. However, his assistants participated in the final works which bettered the quality of artistic performance. In 1867 he worked on the iconostasis in the church of Saint Nicholas in Vevčani, and his son Avram, started with fresco painting of the same church and finished in 1879.
The Research Center for Cultural Heritage "Cvetan Grozdanov" (ICCN) at MANU, through its field research, discovered works by Zograf in Kosovo, Greece, in several churches around Thessaloniki, and also in Albania, in the churches in Elbasan. In this way, a precise and complete catalogue of the discovered and identified icons was established.
Since the early 2000s, a large part of the cultural wealth and heritage of North Macedonia is a target of thievery, from which Zograf's icons have not been spared.
Famous works
1844 in Bigorski Monastery: "Jesus Christ"; "Holy Mother of God"; "St. John the Baptist"
1845 "Saint Peter and Paul" "Holy Mother of God Hodegetria"; "St. John the Forerunner"; "Council of the Holy Apostles"
1847 "Saint Peter and Paul" "Saint Archangel Michael"
1847 - 1849 in the church in Tresonče: "Tomino infidelity"; "Birth of Christ"; "Saint Panteleimon and Tryphon"; "Transfiguration of Christ"; "Saint George and Demetrius"; "Descent of the Holy Spirit"
1849 in Vevčani: "Holy Mother of God with Christ"
1851 in Ohrid: "Holy Mother of God"; "Great Healers Great"
1860 - 1861 in Skopje: "Holy Mother of God"; "Saint Saint Constantine and Helena"; "Holy Mother of God"
1865 in Epanomi, Thessaloniki: "Assumption of the Most Holy Mother of God"
1867 - the throne Icons "GIH-Hierarch"; "Most Holy Mother of God"; "Saint John the Baptist"; "Saint Nicholas"; "Ascension"; "Transfiguration"; "Saint Naum from Ohrid" were made in the church of "Saint Nicholas" in Vevčani.
Writings
Apart from being a noted icon and fresco painter, Zograf was also a teacher of the famous Maksim Nenov, Blaže Damjanov, Isaija Mažovski, his son Avram, the son of the painter Petre Pačar, Gligorie and others. Zograf left a biographical record of his life, family and work and two guides to icon painting in manuscript form. The first one is kept in the Professor Ivan Duychev Center of Slavic-Byzantine Studies in Sofia. It is an original work written around 1835 - 1839, published in modern Bulgarian in 1976, by Asen Vasiliev. The second guide, written around 1830-1850, is currently stored in the Bulgarian National Historical Museum in Sofia with the code "MIS 1286". It is a translation from Greek, and is of less interest. In the introduction Zograf described the language in which he wrote as Slavic one and Bulgarian dialect. In his writings he described himself as Bulgarian painter.
Commemoration
Zograf has been a subject of various scientific studies, exhibitions and commemorations organized in North Macedonia and abroad. In Tresonče, a commemorative room has been opened in honor of him, with the aim to educate the public on his work. The bike race "Memorial Dičo Zograf" is also named after him.
References
Bulgarian painters
Macedonian painters
1819 births
1872 deaths
Górka-Zabłocie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Senator McConkie may refer to:
Oscar W. McConkie Jr. (born 1926), Utah State Senate
Oscar W. McConkie (1887–1966), Utah State Senate
Umm Al Afaei () is a rural district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Al Rayyan.
The districts of Umm Leghab and Lehsiniya in Al-Shahaniya Municipality are nearby to the west.
Etymology
In Arabic, "umm" translates to "mother" and is used as a prefix for geographical features. The second word, "afaei", translates to snakes. Since the area is located on a rawda (depression), it used to be infested with snakes, earning it its name.
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
Yasuhisa (written: 恭久, 靖久 or 泰久) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
(born 1986), Japanese actor
(born 1952), Japanese aikidoka
(born 1950), Japanese politician
, Japanese acoustical engineer
Japanese masculine given names
The 2011 Copa Libertadores de América Finals were the final two-legged tie that decided the winner of the 2011 Copa Libertadores de América, the 52nd edition of the Copa Libertadores de América, South America's premier international club football tournament organized by CONMEBOL. The matches were played on 15 and 22 June 2011, between Brazilian club Santos and Uruguayan club Peñarol. Santos made their fourth finals appearance and first since 2003. Peñarol made their tenth finals appearance, and first since 1987. The two teams had previously met in the finals in 1962. Santos won the cup after beating Penarol 2–1 in the second leg of the final.
Qualified teams
Background
The final was contested by Brazilian side Santos and Peñarol of Uruguay, a historic repeat of the 1962 finals disputed by legendary players such as Pelé, Alberto Spencer, Gilmar, Juan Joya, Mauro, José Sasía, Mengálvio, Pedro Rocha, Coutinho, Juan Lezcano, and Pepe, with Lula coaching the Santistas and Béla Guttmann directing the Carboneros. This final is also the first between Brazilian and Uruguayan clubs since the 1983 finals in which Peñarol was dethroned by Grêmio. The venues for the finals is the Estadio Centenario in Montevideo and the Estádio Municipal Paulo Machado de Carvalho (Pacaembu) of São Paulo. Rodrigo Possebon, an Italian player of Santos, became the first European player to participate in a Copa Libertadores finals.
Both teams entered the competition having won it previously, Santos in 1962 and 1963; Peñarol in 1960, 1961, 1966, 1982 and 1987. To reach the final, in the knockout phase Santos beat América, Once Caldas and lastly Cerro Porteño, while Peñarol dethroned defending champion Internacional, beat Universidad Católica and overcame Vélez Sársfield. Santos entered the competition as champions of their domestic cup (the 2010 Copa do Brasil) while Peñarol participated as domestic league winner (winning the 2009–10 Primera División).
The winners would earn the right to represent CONMEBOL at the 2011 FIFA Club World Cup, entering at the semifinal stage. They would also play against the winners of the 2011 Copa Sudamericana in the 2012 Recopa Sudamericana.
Road to the finals
Rules
The final is played over two legs; home and away. The higher seeded team plays the second leg at home. The team that accumulates the most points —three for a win, one for a draw, zero for a loss— after the two legs is crowned the champion. Should the two teams be tied on points after the second leg, the team with the best goal difference wins. If the two teams have equal goal difference, the away goals rule is not applied, unlike the rest of the tournament. Extra time is played, which consists of two 15-minute halves. If the tie is still not broken, a penalty shootout ensues according to the Laws of the Game.
Matches
First leg
Second leg
See also
2011 FIFA Club World Cup
2012 Recopa Sudamericana
References
External links
Official webpage
2011
Final
Peñarol matches
Santos FC matches
The British Independent Film Award for Best Costume Design is an annual award given by the British Independent Film Awards (BIFA) to recognize the best costume design in a British independent film. The award was first presented in the 2017 ceremony.
Prior to 2017, costume design was included in the category Best Technical Achievement alongside different areas of crafts in film, this category was presented from 2001 to 2016.
Winners and nominees
2000s
Best Technical Achievement
2010s
Best Technical Achievement
Best Costume Design
2020s
References
External links
Official website
British Independent Film Awards
Awards for film costume design
Liisa Mustonen (previously Liisa Kuoppamäki, born 13 October 1969 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish film actress.
Mustonen began her career in 1986 working in film, she mainly appeared on television between 2000 and 2004. In 2006, she appeared in the Timo Koivusalo film Kalteva torni which co-stars Martti Suosalo and Seela Sella.
Between the years 2001 and 2008 she was married to drummer Sami Kuoppamäki.
Selected filmography
Stripping (2002)
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Actresses from Helsinki
The terms cut off saw, cutoff saw, or chop saw can refer to two distinct classes of power tools.
A miter saw, typically used in woodworking
An abrasive saw, typically used to cut hard materials, such as metals or ceramics
Professor Richard G. Whitman is an academic, think tank member and media commentator focusing on the European Union's international role and the UK's foreign policy. He Professor of Politics and International Relations and a member of the Global Europe Centre at the University of Kent. He is also an Associate Fellow at Chatham House (formerly known as the Royal Institute of International Affairs).
Biography
Whitman was Professor of Politics at the University of Bath 2006-2011. He was Senior Fellow, Europe (April 2006-April 2007) and Head of the European Programme at Chatham House (April 2004 to April 2006). Prior to arrival at Chatham House he was Professor of European Studies at the University of Westminster and where he was also Director of the Centre for the Study of Democracy from 2001-2003.
Academic work
Whitman is a co-lead editor of the Journal of Common Market Studies http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1468-5965
Whitman is co-editor of the Routledge Studies in European Security and Strategy book series . He is a contributor to leading journals including International Affairs and the Journal of Common Market Studies, Cooperation and Conflict. His current research interests include the external relations and foreign and security and defence policies of the EU, and the governance and future priorities of the EU.
He has provided evidence to inquiries conducted by the UK House of Commons. and the House of Lords.
Whitman was elected a Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences in October 2007 and a Trustee of the British International Studies Association (BISA) in 2014 serving as Vice Chair in 2015-2016 and Chair 2017-2018. He was Chair of UACES, the academic association for Contemporary European Studies from 2009 to 2012.
Books
The Handbook on European Security], co-edited with Sven Biscop, Routledge 2012.
The European Union as a Global Conflict Manager: Seeking security through engagement, co-edited with Stefan Wolff, Routledge 2012.
Normative Power Europe: Empirical and theoretical perspectives (edited) Palgrave, 2011.
The European Neighbourhood Policy in perspective: context, implementation and impact, co-edited with Stefan Wolff, Palgrave, 2010.
The Foreign Policies of European Union Member States, co-edited with Ian Manners, Manchester University Press, 2000.
Enlargement of the European Union: Issues and Strategies, co-edited with Victoria Curzon Price and Alice Landau, Routledge 1999.
Rethinking the European Union: Institutions, Interests and Identities, co-edited with Alice Landau, Macmillan, 1997.
From Civilian Power to Superpower: The International Identity of the European Union, Macmillan, 2008.
References
External links
Official web page at University of Kent
Academics of the University of Kent
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Chatham House people
Inclacumab (LC1004-002) (INN) is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of cardiovascular disease.
The antibody is outlicensed by Roche.
References
Monoclonal antibodies
Darkman is a 1990 film directed by Sam Raimi
Darkman or Dark Man may also refer to:
Darkman (character), the protagonist of the film of the same name
Darkman (video game), a video game based on the film
Darkman (rapper), also as Nana, a German rapper
Dark Man, a character in the video game Mega Man 5
See also
The Dark Man (disambiguation)
Black Man (disambiguation)
Krasnoarmeysk () is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia, on the Vorya (Klyazma's tributary) northeast of Moscow. Population:
History
The town grew from the village of Muromtsevo (), where a textile factory was established in 1834. In 1928, the settlements around the textile factory were merged into the settlement of Krasnoflotsky (), which in 1929 was renamed Krasnoarmeysky (). Town status was granted to the settlement in 1947, when it was renamed Krasnoarmeysk.
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is incorporated as Krasnoarmeysk Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, Krasnoarmeysk Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction is incorporated as Krasnoarmeysk Urban Okrug.
Economy
Transportation
Krasnoarmeysk is a terminal station on a railway line branching in Sofrino from the railway connecting Moscow and Yaroslavl. There is an (infrequent) passenger service from Yaroslavsky railway station in Moscow.
References
Notes
Sources
Cities and towns in Moscow Oblast
Naukograds
James "The Perch" Carl Winkler (July 21, 1927 – February 14, 2001) was a defensive lineman who played three seasons in the National Football League.
In his autobiography, NFL Hall of Famer Art Donovan described Winkler as "the craziest football player I have ever met," and he shared this anecdote, among others: "When he joined us, we immediately dubbed him the Perch, because he had a face like a fish. Plus, he was always twitching his neck and his jaw and contorting his face. He always swore he had a broken jaw. And he was constantly socking himself in the mouth to try to straighten it out. I swear to God, he'd haul off every few hours and punch himself as hard as he could right in the face. He acted like a true psycho. And he was a big guy, about six-three and 270." Donovan went on to describe how Winkler once refused to play in a game against the Rams because they were his former teammates. Another anecdote describes a time when Winkler got a scratch on his face during a practice. When teammate Ken Jackson joked that Winkler's face needed stitches, Winkler took him seriously and went ballistic after team trainer Eddie Block told him that it was really only a scratch and did not require stitches. He started destroying the locker room and was sent home.
An article in the July 25, 1954 issue of The Baltimore Sun acknowledged that Winkler experienced personal problems in his lone season with the Colts but stated that Winkler asked Coach Weeb Ewbank for his release due to a shoulder injury. It also stated that he returned to Texas to live with his father, his wife, and his child.
References
External links
1927 births
2001 deaths
People from McLennan County, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
American football defensive tackles
Texas A&M Aggies football players
Los Angeles Rams players
Baltimore Colts players
Western Conference Pro Bowl players
Such Tweet Sorrow is a modern-day adaptation of Shakespeare's Romeo & Juliet in tweets.
During the period of five weeks (April 10, 2010 – May 12, 2010) six professional actors performed the play on Twitter and other web devices. The actors improvised around a prepared story grid and could interact with each other and react to followers, fans, real events and comments via Twitter. The play was a cooperation between the Royal Shakespeare Company and the Mudlark Production Company.
Plot
The story of Romeo and Juliet's love is taken to the 21st century and is set in an unknown town in Great Britain. The feud between the Montagues and the Capulets begins in 2000, when Susan Capulet, Juliet's mother, is killed in a car crash. The driver, Montague Sr, survives with heavy injuries. Mr Capulet, a successful property developer, was left with three children: Jess, Tybalt and Juliet. He remarried in 2002. Montague Sr, a landscape painter, still lives in the area with his wife and son.
Ten years later, Juliet is the only child still living at home. Her older sister Jess, whose nickname 'Nurse' comes from nursing her younger siblings, lives and works as a trainee solicitor in a nearby town. Their brother Tybalt lives two hours away in a public school. He has been sent to boarding school at the age of 7 and has never settled in any of them ever since. Jess as the oldest tries to keep the family together and has close contact to her father and sister and does her best to communicate with her brother, too.
Characterization
Romeo Montague
Romeo is a 19-year-old who takes every day as it comes. He wants to make the best out of everything he does and is enjoying his life at home as an only child. After passing all of his final exams at school he decided to take a year off and works part-time at a card-board factory. He does not seem to have many close friends besides Mercutio but is enjoying the moments with him to the fullest. He seems very quiet at first but is definitely an eye-catcher. Although Montague Sr never told him too he dislikes the Capulets for what they did to his family.
Mercutio
He is not the handsomest 19-year-old but one of the most charming. He uses this talent to seduce girls and to get away with most of the things he does but if this doesn't work out he sure knows how to use his fists. He is an only child and his parents live in south France since he turned 18. They bought him an apartment in the city and he gets a decent allowance every month. After school he decided to take a year off like Romeo and spends most of the time with him and the Montagues. He is very loyal to them and wishes to be part of the family.
Juliet Capulet
A shy gentle 15-year-old girly girl who likes to stay at home and hang out with her sister Jess who is also her best friend. She is very innocent and seems to have little experience with anything to do with the real world. She likes singing and making music on her guitar other than that she is a typical teen and enjoys Twilight and Robert Pattinson. Her father is very strict and she is not allowed very much but her personality is set to obey most of the time and she enjoys being at home in her room. She doesn't seem to be very popular and doesn't have so many friends besides her sister. As she was still too young to know about the events going on the feud between the Capulets and the Montagues seems strange to her.
Jess Capulet
She is a 23-year-old trainee solicitor at a corporate law firm. She is very driven and hardworking. She always has a project going on and is always taking on extra work. Currently she is training for the London marathon. Since their mother died she has been the mother for her younger siblings that's why they nicknamed her 'nurse'. She lives on her own and has a small apartment in a nearby town. She tries to keep the family together and keeps close contact to her sister and dad and her brother too. As the oldest she has the most memories of their mother and still blames Montague Sr. for her death.
Tybalt Capulet
At the age of seven his mother died, his dad remarried hastily and he was shipped off to boarding school. He has been angry at everybody in his family and also at life ever since. But most of all he is angry at Montague Sr. who he thinks is to blame for all this mess. Without him the accident would have never happened and his mother would still be alive. Other than that he portrays this anger within his behavior in school, where he is about to be expelled, and with everybody else in his way. The only place he seems to calm down is at Laurence's coffee shop. Laurence seems like a mentor to him but he also provides him with dope. If it was not for that Tybalt would have nowhere to go.
Laurence Friar
He is the 38-year-old coffee/internet shop owner in town. He tries to do good and offers his help to the teenagers in town but he is also a local drug dealer and sells dope to them. He tries to help the community by supporting the young people and giving them a safe haven with his coffee shop to hang out and have fun. He grew up in this town and knows how it is to live in the rural area, he tries to give them a place to stay other than hanging out in the streets. He also supports the local disabled group and arranges gatherings for the local youth like his ping pong tournament. Back in the days he used to be friends with Montague Sr. until the accident. Nowadays he tries to loosen the tension between the two families and helps the young couple to sort things out.
Realization/form
The actors all performed on Twitter using small comments with 140 characters (tweets) to tell their followers what they were up to. Although other internet platforms, Facebook, Xboxlive, Audioboo, YouTube and WordPress were used too, Twitter as the main media was even more useful to perform as the people who were interested in seeing this event could just follow the characters or even just their favorite one. The actors improvised around a prepared story grid and were free to interpret the events in their own way using their own words. The feature that came out of this was a live story-telling situation which could definitely also be based on real events. Followers who tuned in later could have always had the impression they're following somebody's real-life story. This resembles Orson Welles War of the Worlds being read on the radio back in the days. The result was the same. The other media represented, such as YouTube, were used to simply support the tweets in a more striking way. Juliets video posts on YouTube had the function of showing her as a real person with a real voice and also to simply describe her character and her environment. The fact that Romeo was really found playing Call of Duty on Xboxlive made the realness of the character even more profound as you could actually join him in his game. The variety of the media usage made it easier for the followers to connect to the characters and certainly displayed the variety of streams used by the youth of the 21st century. This made it possible to take the story of Romeo and Juliet to modern times and to get a younger generation more interested in Shakespearean literature.
External links
Romeo and Juliet
Twitter
Tian Qi(田琪) is a Chinese woman cricketer. Tian Qi made her international debut at the 2015 ICC Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier. She is one of the current members of the Chinese women's cricket team.
References
External links
Profile at CricHQ
Chinese women cricketers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Zhang Junqiu (October 14, 1920 – May 27, 1997) was a singer of Peking Opera. He played a female, or dan role. His hometown was Dantu, Jiangsu, and he was born in Beijing. His vocal style is called "Zhang pai." It became popular in the 1970s and it is now the most widespread genre of Peking Opera. He was once one of the "four small famous dans." He is far better remembered than the other three.
Zhang's family was poor. His mother was a star in the opera of Hubei Province. She encouraged him to study Peking Opera. When Zhang was 13, Li Lingfeng adopted him as an apprentice. Recognizing Zhang's talent, Li later sent him to Wang Yaoqing, an opera star and Li's teacher. Zhang first appeared on the stage in 1935. In 1937, Zhang became an apprentice of Mei Lanfang, the best-known Chinese opera star of the time.
In 1942, Zhang created his own troupe. In 1943, he met Wu Lizhen. Although Zhang was already married to Zhao Yurong, the two fell in love at first sight. Even though Zhang was successful in his career, Wu's relatives looked down him as an actor. Wu herself acted resolutely, packed her bags, and moved from Shanghai to live with Zhang in Beijing.
Rise to celebrity
With the Chinese Civil War raging, Zhang fled to Hong Kong in 1948. When the war was over, Mao Zedong's Communists ruled from Beijing and the KMT was exiled to Taiwan. Zhang returned to the mainland in 1950 to join the Wuhan Peking Opera Troupe.
His 1962 show with martial artist Gao Shenglin was a sensation that played to packed audiences. The two performers were equally renowned and were both at the height of their powers. There was stormy applause after every performance and the curtain had to be called each time. In a state that discouraged celebrity, Zhang was a top celebrity.
Cultural Revolution
During the Cultural Revolution of 1966-1976, traditional forms of entertainment were banned. Jiang Qing, Mao's wife, denounced cross dressing. Premier Zhou Enlai told Zhang to stop performing female roles. Zhang promised Zhou to stop training boys to be female impersonators.
Men dressing as women for Peking Opera and women dressing as men for Yue Opera was a major feature of Chinese culture at this time. Mao is not known to have made any pronouncements on cross dressing. Jiang was concerned primarily with women dressing as men. So the ban on female impersonation is likely to have been Zhou's initiative. Zhou himself, known for his good looks, had played numerous female roles with the drama club of Nankai Middle School, his all-boys high school. Young female impersonators were often involved in abusive relationships, and Zhou may have been compensating for his own past, according to Bao Huai, a gender studies researcher.
On June 4, 1966, Zhang and Ma Lianlang performed the modern opera More Every Year at a school in Beijing. The opera was broadcast on Central People's Radio. Zhang played a peasant woman. Just before the performance, Ma heard the news that Zhou Xinfang had been denounced as a counterrevolutionary. Ma was concerned because he had starred in Hai Rui Dismissed from Office, a play denounced by the Maoists. During the performance, his anxiety was evident to the audience. Zhang did not perform again until February 8, 1979.
Later life
Wu left Zhang in 1969. Zhao died soon afterward. In 1974, Zhang married Xie Hongwen, a student of opera star Mei Lanfang. She was ten years younger than Zhang.
In the mid-1980s, Zhang was teaching at the National Academy of Theatre Arts. He participated in a project of the Tianjin Chinese Cultural Promotion Council to have young actors dress as the old masters and lip synch to their recordings. Videos of 355 plays were created this way. Zhang also served an art adviser.
Zhang's children are Zhang Xuejin, Zhang Xuehai, Zhang Xuehao, and Zhang Xuemin. Most of them are successful Peking Opera performers.
Notes
References
Further reading
An, Zhiqiang 安志强. 1996. Zhang Junqiu zhuan 张君秋传 (The Biography of Zhang Junqiu), Shijizhuang: Hebei jiaoyu chubanshe. Online PDF file: http://bjzc.org/lib/51/wxls/ts051020.pdf
Editorial Committee, 2005, 京劇大師張君秋 (Peking Opera master Zhang Junqiu), Tianjin City: Tianjin Yangliuqing Publishers, 349 pages.
Zhang Junqiu; Xie Hongwen; An Zhiqiang, 1983, 张君秋戏剧散论 (On Zhang Junqiu's Drama), Beijing : Zhongguo xi ju chu ban she.
The wealthy daughter fell in love with the actor Zhang Junqiu's half-life love (豪门千金爱上戏子 张君秋的半世情缘), 2016-01-06.
1920 births
1997 deaths
Chinese male Peking opera actors
Yarrabee Wesfarmers Reserve is a 9.23 km2 nature reserve in south-west Western Australia. It is 120 km north-east of Albany and 481 km south-east of Perth. It lies on the eastern boundary of the Stirling Range National Park, and is managed by Bush Heritage Australia (BHA), by which it was purchased in 2006 with the financial assistance of Wesfarmers. It is jointly owned by BHA and by Greening Australia (WA), and forms part of BHA's Gondwana Link project.
Flora and fauna
The reserve protects a large area of remnant vegetation, including tall marri and jarrah woodland, low mallee and Banksia woodland. About 600 ha of the reserve was previously cleared and is being revegetated by Greening Australia. Animals expected to be present include malleefowl, western pygmy possums and honey possums, as well as many other species of birds and reptiles.
References
External links
Bush Heritage Australia
Bush Heritage Australia reserves
Nature reserves in Western Australia
2006 establishments in Australia
Gephyroberyx japonicus, the big roughy or blueberry roughy, is a species of fish in the family Trachichthyidae. It is endemic to the northwest Pacific off Japan, Taiwan and Hawaii, and can be found at depths between . It can reach in length. Based on broadly overlapping morphological features it is sometimes (e.g., by IUCN) considered a synonym of G. darwinii.
It is sometimes seen in deep-sea exhibits in public aquariums and it has spawned in captivity.
References
External links
Trachichthyidae
Fish described in 1883
Kemel Thompson (born September 25, 1974) is a former Jamaican athlete who competes in the 400 metres hurdles.
His personal best time is 48.05 seconds, achieved in London in 2003.
Kemel competed for the University of South Florida from 1992–1996 and graduated from Loughborough University's Business School in 2003. He was a member of the Jamaican Olympic Team at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.
Achievements
External links
1974 births
Living people
Jamaican male hurdlers
Olympic athletes of Jamaica
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Alumni of Loughborough University
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Jamaica
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Central American and Caribbean Games bronze medalists for Jamaica
Competitors at the 1998 Central American and Caribbean Games
World Athletics Indoor Championships winners
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
South Florida Bulls men's track and field athletes
University of South Florida olympians
University of South Florida alumni
20th-century Jamaican people
21st-century Jamaican people
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Ministerstwo Spraw Zagranicznych, MSZ) is the Polish government department tasked with maintaining Poland's international relations and coordinating its participation in international and regional supra-national political organisations such as the European Union and United Nations. The head of the ministry holds a place in the Council of Ministers.
Remit and responsibilities of the ministry
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is responsible primarily for maintaining good, friendly relations between the Polish Republic and other states. In doing so it is required to act primarily as a representative of the Polish people. To this end all Polish diplomatic missions around the world are subordinate to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Ambassadors, whilst receiving their credentials from the President of Poland, are employees of the foreign ministry and are recommended to the President for their posts by the minister of foreign affairs.
The ministry is considered to be one of Poland's most important, with the minister of foreign affairs ranking amongst the most influential people in Polish politics. This position is typically reserved for seasoned, professional politicians, and is thought to require a great deal of tact and intellect.
History
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs was first established, with Leon Wasilewski as its secretary, under the authority of the Regency Council when Poland regained (albeit in name only) its independence from the occupying German forces in the First World War. However, the ministry began to fulfil its ascribed duties truly only after the fall of the Regency Council, adoption of the Treaty of Versailles and the rise to power of Józef Piłsudski. The ministry was then, until 1939, located in central Warsaw, with its seat in the Brühl Palace on Piłsudski Square. During the Second World War, the ministry was evacuated, along with the rest of the Polish government, first to France and then onwards to London, where it formed part of the Polish government in exile. During this period Count Edward Raczyński, a man who was later to become President of the government in exile, was the minister responsible. After 1945, when most countries began to afford diplomatic recognition to the new communist government in Warsaw, at the expense of the government in exile, the authorities of the new Polish People's Republic refounded the ministry and appointed, as its first minister, Edward Osóbka-Morawski.
Since 1989 and the establishment of the Third Republic, the ministry and its staff have been located in a complex of buildings on Aleje Szucha in central Warsaw, not far displaced from the Chancellery of the Prime Minister.
Structure
Regional affairs departments
The departments for regional affairs exist to monitor the internal situation and politics of the countries within the area of any one specific department's competence. They coordinate development of bilateral relations, initiate the related undertakings and prepare evaluations. These departments oversee the issue of Poland's participation in the structures of multilateral cooperation with any relevant partner states, as well as handling interregional cooperation. They are responsible for the substantive activity of relevant Polish diplomatic missions abroad.
Currently the Following regional affairs departments exist:
Administration Office
Asia-Pacific Department
Bureau for the Protection of Classified Information
Bureau of Archives and Information Management
Bureau of Control and Audit
Bureau of Finances
Bureau of Human Resources
Bureau of Infrastructure
Department for Cooperation with Polish Diaspora and Poles Abroad
Department for Proceedings before International Human Rights Protection Bodies
Department of Africa and the Middle East
Department of Consular Affairs
Department of Development Cooperation
Department of Economic Cooperation
Department of European Union Law
Department of Foreign Policy Strategy
Department of Public and Cultural Diplomacy
Department of the Americas
Department of the Committee for European Affairs
Department of United Nations and Human Rights
Diplomatic Protocol
Director General's Office
Eastern Department
EU Economic Department
European Policy Department
Information Technology and Telecommunication Office
Inspectorate of the Foreign Service
Legal and Treaty Department
MFA Press Office
Minister's Secretariat
Operations Centre
Political Director's Office
Security Policy Department
Ministers of Foreign Affairs (since 1989)
Political Party:
Previous officeholders
Kingdom of Poland (1917–1918)
Wojciech Rostworowski (26 November 1917 – 27 February 1918) (Director of the Department of Political Affairs)
Janusz Radziwiłł (4 April 1918 – 23 October 1918) (Director of the Department of State)
Stanisław Głąbiński (23 October 1918 – 4 November 1918) (Minister for Outside Affairs)
Second Polish Republic
Leon Wasilewski (17 November 1918 – 16 January 1919)
Ignacy Jan Paderewski (16 January 1919 – 9 December 1919)
Władysław Wróblewski (13 December 1919 – 16 December 1919)
Stanisław Patek (16 December 1919 – 9 June 1920)
Eustachy Sapieha (23 June 1920 – 24 May 1921)
Jan Dąbski (24 May 1921 – 11 June 1921)
Konstanty Skirmunt (11 June 1921 – 6 June 1922)
Gabriel Narutowicz (18 June 1922 – 14 December 1922)
Aleksander Skrzyński (16 December 1922 – 26 May 1923)
Marian Seyda (28 May 1923 – 27 October 1923)
Roman Dmowski (27 October 1923 – 14 December 1923)
Karol Bertoni (19 December 1923 – 19 January 1924)
Maurycy Zamoyski (19 January 1924 – 27 July 1924)
Aleksander Skrzyński (27 July 1924 – 5 May 1926)
Kajetan Dzierżykraj-Morawski (10 May 1926 – 15 May 1926)
August Zaleski (15 May 1926 – 2 November 1932)
Józef Beck (2 November 1932 – 30 September 1939)
Polish government-in-exile
The Polish government-in-exile had a wide international recognition until 1945, and limited to just few countries until the 1970s
August Zaleski (30 September 1939 – 25 July 1941)
Edward Raczyński (22 August 1941 – 14 July 1943)
Tadeusz Romer (14 July 1943 – 24 November 1944)
Adam Tarnowski (29 November 1944 – 10 February 1949)
Mieczysław Sokołowski (7 April 1949 – 8 December 1953)
Aleksander Zawisza (8 August 1955 – 11 June 1970)
Jerzy Gawenda (20 July 1970 – 14 July 1972)
Jan Starzewski (18 July 1972 – 15 December 1973)
Bronisław Hełczyński (17 January 1974 – 15 July 1976)
Zygmunt Zawadowski (5 August 1976 – 1 September 1979)
Kazimierz Sabbat (1 September 1979 – 7 April 1986)
Zygmunt Szkopiak (1986 – 20 December 1990)
Republic of Poland / Polish People's Republic
Edward Osóbka-Morawski (21 July 1944 – 2 May 1945)
Wincenty Rzymowski (2 May 1945 – 5 February 1947)
Zygmunt Modzelewski (6 February 1947 – 20 March 1951)
Stanisław Skrzeszewski (20 March 1951 – 27 April 1956)
Adam Rapacki (27 April 1956 – 22 December 1968)
Stefan Jędrychowski (22 December 1968 – 22 December 1971)
Stefan Olszowski (22 December 1971 – 2 December 1976)
Emil Wojtaszek (2 December 1976 – 24 August 1980)
Józef Czyrek (24 August 1980 – 21 July 1982)
Stefan Olszowski (21 July 1982 – 12 November 1985)
Marian Orzechowski (12 November 1985 – 17 June 1988)
Tadeusz Olechowski (17 June 1988 – 9 September 1989)
References
External links
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Poland
Home Ministry in the version of the archive
Polish diplomatic missions abroad
Foreign missions in Poland
Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs at Google Cultural Institute
Foreign Affairs
Poland, Foreign Affairs
For
Poland
Foreign relations of Poland
Ministries established in 1916
The River Ash originates near the village of Brent Pelham in North Hertfordshire and flows through The Hadhams (Little, Ford and Much), Widford, Wareside, until it reaches the River Lea near Stanstead Abbots.
References
Ash, River
Ash
1Ash
Sarıova is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Saburo Kurata (21 September 1902 – 30 November 1992) was a Japanese painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1902 births
1992 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Tokyo
The Visitation is a c. 1517 painting of the Visitation of the Virgin Mary to Saint Elizabeth by Raphael, in the Prado Museum since 1837. Commissioned by the Apostolic Protonotary Giovanni Branconio at his father Marino's request for their family chapel in the church of San Silvestre in Aquila (Marino's wife was called Elisabeth), it was plundered by the occupation troops of Philip IV of Spain in 1655 and placed at El Escorial.
See also
List of paintings by Raphael
Notes
References
External links
Prado catalogue entry
1517 paintings
Paintings of the Madonna and Child by Raphael
Paintings of the Museo del Prado by Italian artists
Raphael
Shipley Gate railway station served the town of Shipley, Derbyshire, England from 1851 to 1948 on the Erewash Valley Line.
History
The station opened on 1 July 1851 by the Midland Railway. It closed to passengers on 27 August 1948.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in Derbyshire
Former Midland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1851
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1948
1851 establishments in England
1948 disestablishments in England
The National Archives of Sweden (Swedish: Riksarkivet, RA) is the official archive of the Swedish government and is responsible for the management of records from Sweden's public authorities. Although the archives functions primarily as the government archive, it also preserves some documents from private individuals and non-public organizations. The mission of the archives is to collect and preserve records for future generations.
Organization
The National Archives of Sweden is a state administrative authority, organized under the Ministry of Culture. The head of The National Archives, known as the Riksarkivarie in Swedish, works alongside of staff responsible for strategic issues, and overall coordination and development. The position is currently held by Karin Åström Iko.
The structure of the organization is divided into five departments: the Regional Department, National Department, Department of Conservation and Digital Infrastructure, Department of Public Information Management, and Administrative Department. The Regional Department includes Regional Archives (Landsarkiven) located in seven cities: Gothenburg, Härnösand, Lund, Uppsala, Vadsterna, Visby, and Östersund. The National Department includes the main branch Marieburg in Stockholm, Arninge located just north of Stockholm, and other archives that have been incorporated into the National Archives, including the Military Archives and the Heraldry Board.
History
The National Archives of Sweden is one of the oldest public authorities in Sweden, with roots that can be traced back to the Middle Ages. Beginning under King Gustav Vasa, an archive was created from previously collected older documents, some documents that were received, and documents drawn up in the Royal Office. On October 18, 1618 Axel Oxenstierna, the Lord High Chancellor (Rikskansler) of the Privy Council, issued a Chancellor's Order to appoint a special secretary, along with two writers, to be responsible for the archive, thus creating the National Archives as an institution. Over time, the archive became less important for the activities of the Chancellor, and more valuable for historical researchers. However, it wasn't until 1878 that the National Archives was established as an independent authority.
In a fire in 1419, not only the Tre Kronor castle in Stockholm, but the entire city was affected, incl. the town hall and the city archives which were completely destroyed.
In 1697 a fire at the Tre Kronor castle in Stockholm destroyed a large portion of the Archives, resulting in a severe loss of items and documents from the Middle Ages. Out of 24,500 books and 1,400 manuscripts, only 6,000 books and 400 manuscripts could be salvaged, respectively. One of Sweden's most famous books, The Silver Bible (Silverbibeln), or Codex Argenteus, was purportedly thrown out the castle window to save it from the flames.
The National Archives was originally limited to the Royal Office, but over time the National Archives has subsumed responsibility for archives of other central and local authorities.
Regional Archives
In order to preserve documents from regional and local governments, regional archives were created in seven cities from 1899 to 1935. The Archives of Vadstena were the first regional archive to open in 1899. Regional archives in Lund and Uppsala both opened in 1903, Visby in 1905, Gothenburg in 1911, Östersund in 1928, and finally in Härnösand in 1935. The Regional Archives (Landsarkiven) were merged with the National Archives (Riksarkivet) in 2010 under a joint authority.
Military Archives
The Military Archives (Swedish: Krigsarkivet) were created in 1805. Formerly an independent authority, The Military Archives were incorporated into the National Archives in 1995. The archive stores a unique and comprehensive collections of maps, including historical maps of Sweden, hand-written foreign topographical maps, and city fortification plans.
The National Herald Board
The National Herald Board was closed in 1953, and the state's heraldic operations continued as a department under the National Archives. The department deals with questions about coat of arms design, flags and emblems and continuously produces new heraldic images for newly formed governmental bodies, counties, etc. The head of the National Herald Board held the title of National Herald, but in the new organization the title instead became State Herald (Statsheraldiker).
In 2007, the Swedish military altered the image of the heraldic lion depicted on the Nordic Battlegroup's coat of arms, removing the lion's penis to promote a more gender neutral image following protests from female soldiers. The creator of the image at the National Archives, Vladimir A. Sagerlund, made the news in Sweden over his staunch disapproval of the change.
Holdings
The oldest document in the National Archives (listed in 2005) is a parchment from a missal, written in England in the late 10th century. The document came to Sweden via the British Christian missionary in Norway. Under King Gustav Vasa in the 16th century, archiving expanded and national registry and chamber books, land records, and diplomatic treaties were collected in the National Archives. Scrolls in Cyrillic writing from Novgorod were preserved in memory of the Swedish occupation from 1611 to 1617. There is a wide variety of materials available, including documents from the ministry, parliament, and central authorities. Documentation of government decisions from the 1840s to 1980s are available to researchers. Around 100,000 maps and drawings of state civilian buildings from 1697 to 1993 are preserved in the archive.
Although the primary focus of the National Archives is government records, there are also some personal archives, which were in the past obtained via confiscations and seizures, and more recently as donations. Personal collections include feudal archives from the 17th and 18th century, such as the Skokloster collection, Sjöholms, Stafsund and Ericsberg archives, and other archives of statesmen and cultural personalities. There are also some archives of non-governmental associations and businesses, as well as news archives.
In 2015 the archival holdings amounted to approximately 750 kilometers of shelving - comprising mainly parchment and paper. The digital media holdings included 130 million digital images. The amount of documents increases continuously because of the delivery of documents from the Cabinet Office and other central agencies.
Novgorod Occupation Archives
The "Novgorod occupation archives" (Swedish: Ockupationsarkivet från Novgorod) is the name used since the 1960s for a unique collection of documents in the National Archives. They are written in Russian by Russian administrators of the city of Veliky Novgorod during the years 1611-1617 when the Swedish army occupied the city. The documents include both originals and copies that were intended to be sent to Moscow. When the Swedish army withdrew from the city, the commander Jacob De la Gardie collected these documents as useful evidence for the peace negotiations and brought them back to his quarters in Estonia. Later the collection was sent to Stockholm, where its importance as a source of Russian history was recognized in the mid-19th century. They were first catalogued in 1964 by Russian historian Sergei Dmitrievsky. An improved catalogue was printed and published in 2005. The documents (which comprise 30,000 pages) were initially microfilmed, and the monochrome microfilm later digitized. This digital archive is available online. The collection consists of two series. Series 1 has 141 books and series 2 has 368 scrolls.
Digital Collections and Access
The National Archives is subject to open government, which means that the holdings in general are available to the public - including researchers and research-related individuals. The exception is made for confidential documents or certain perishable older material. Many of the oldest documents are, however, reproduced on microfilm or as digital images.
In 2017, the Swedish Parliament (Riksdag) awarded the Swedish National Archives 10 million SEK in order to make its digital collections available to the public free of charge. The subscription charge for the digital collections was removed on February 1, 2018 and the Archives has announced further plans to move towards open and free access. There are currently 180 million pages digitized, of which 65.5 million are accessible through the digital reading room (SVAR). The National Archives is also responsible for the development and administration of Sweden's national portal for open data and public sector information, and future plans will focus on making the digital collections accessible as open, linkable, and machine-readable data that will be integrated into the open data from the public sector.
Newspapers
In 2018, the research foundation Acadia donation 30 million SEK to digitize all of the copyright-free Swedish newspapers preserved by the Royal Library (KB), estimated at 1,250 titles. Newspapers older than 115 years are free from copyright and when the project is expected to complete in 2022, the digitized newspapers will extend up to the year 1906. The Royal Library and the National Archives have collaborated on digitization since 2010, and the digitization will take place at the National Archives Unit for Digitalization Media Conversion Center (MKC).
Regulations
The National Archives regulations RA-FS and RA-MS are legal rules for government agencies and other groups that store public records from government archives. The regulations dictate how the documents should be created, organized, reported, deleted, stored, and submitted to the repository.
Photos
See also
List of national archives
Gamla Riksarkivet
Swedish heraldry
References
External links
Riksarkivet
Archives in Sweden
Buildings and structures in Stockholm
Sweden
Swedish heraldry
Heraldic authorities
San Pablo is a district of the Nandayure canton, in the Guanacaste province of Costa Rica. Located on the Nicoya Peninsula.
Geography
San Pablo has an area of km² and an elevation of metres.
Villages
Administrative center of the district is the village of San Pablo.
Other villages in the district are Canjel, Canjelito, Corozal Oeste, Chamarro, Isla Berrugate, Pavones, Puerto Thiel and San Pablo Viejo.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, San Pablo had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 21
National Route 623
References
Districts of Guanacaste Province
Populated places in Guanacaste Province
Silas is a common given name and a lesser-known surname. It is a cognate of Silvanus.
Etymology
The name comes from the early Christian disciple Silas. He is consistently called "Silas" in Acts, but the Latin Silvanus, which means "of the forest," is always used by Paul and in the First Epistle of Peter; it is likely that "Silvanus" is the Romanized version of the original "Silas," or that "Silas" is the Greek nickname for "Silvanus." It has been suggested that Silas is the Greek version of the Aramaic "Seila," a version of the Hebrew "Saul". The Latin name "Silvanus" may be derived from pre-Roman Italian languages.
Variants
Danish – Silas
Dutch – Silas
English – Silas, Sylas, Si, Sy
French – Sylvain
German – Silas, Silvan
Italian – Silvano
People
Given name
Silas, a 1st-century leading figure among the early Christian community in Jerusalem
Silas (Portuguese footballer) (born 1976), real name Jorge Fernandes
Silas Tertius Rand Bill (1842–1890), Canadian politician
Silas Chou (born 1946), Hong Kong billionaire
Silas Farley, American ballet dancer, choreographer and educator
Silas Feitosa José De Souza (born 1985), Brazilian footballer
Silas Deane (1738–1789), colonial American politician and diplomat
Silas G. Harris ( 1818–1851), American politician
Silas M. Holmes (1816–1905), American politician
Silas House (born 1971), American author
Silas Melson (born 1996), American basketball player
Silas Weir Mitchell (disambiguation), multiple people
Silas Katompa Mvumpa (born 1998), DR Congolese footballer
Silas Parsons (c. 1800–1860), justice of the Supreme Court of Alabama
Silas Wright Porter (1857–1937), American judge
Silas Soule (1838–1865), American abolitionist
Silas A. Wade (1797–1869), American politician
Silas, pen name of cartoonist Winsor McCay when working on the comic strip Dream of the Rarebit Fiend'
Surname
Mar Shila (Silas) (fl. 503–520), Catholicos Patriarch of the Church of the East
Paul Silas (born 1943), American professional basketball player and coach
Paulo Silas (born 1965), Brazilian footballer
Stephen Silas (born 1973), American professional basketball coach (Paul Silas' son)
Xavier Silas (born 1988), American basketball player
Fictional characters
Silas Adams, the intelligent, laconic henchman of Al Swearengen in the HBO series Deadwood King Silas Benjamin, played by Ian McShane from the American television series Kings Silas Blissett, in British TV soap Hollyoaks, played by Jeff Rawle
Silas Botwin, in the Showtime series Weeds Silas Briarwood, from the D&D livestream Critical Role
Silas Crow (Ermineskin), in the movie Dance Me Outside based on the book of short stories of the same title by W.P. Kinsella
Silas Greaves, bounty hunter and protagonist of Call of Juarez: Gunslinger Silas Greenback, primary antagonist in the British TV series Danger Mouse Silas Heap, in the Septimus Heap series by Angie Sage
Silas Lynch, in 1915 film The Birth of a Nation, played by George Siegmann
The book and character Silas MarnerSilas Scratch, a fictional character and rumor from the children's novel Diary of a Wimpy Kid Silas P. Silas, played by Method Man in the stoner comedy How High Silas Stone, in DC comics
Silas Thatcher, a supporting antagonist in the 2012 video game Assassin's Creed III Silas Vorez, anatagonist in the video game The Quarry (video game) Silas Wegg, from Our Mutual Friend by Charles Dickens
Silas and the Winterbottoms, a novel by Stephen M. Giles
Silas, portrayed by Nicholas Hoult in the 2015 film Equals Sylas, a playable character from the Fire Emblem game series
Silas, in American TV series The Walking Dead: World Beyond Silas, in the Brazilian Netflix series 3% Silas, in the novel The Da Vinci Code Silas, in the novel The Graveyard Book Silas, from the novels of Cecil Bødker, also adapted into a German TV series for ZDF in 1981
Silas, in American TV series The Vampire Diaries Silas, (A.K.A. Colonel Leland Bishop), one of the antagonists from Transformers: Prime The novel and character Uncle Silas''
References
HMCS Jonquière was a that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War and again from 1954–1966 as a . She was named for Jonquière, Quebec.
Jonquière was ordered in June 1942 as part of the 1942–1943 River-class building program. She was laid down on 26 January 1943 by G T Davie Shipbuilding Ltd. at Lauzon and launched 28 October 1943. She was commissioned into the Royal Canadian Navy on 10 May 1944 at Quebec City.
Background
The River-class frigate was designed by William Reed of Smith's Dock Company of South Bank-on-Tees. Originally called a "twin-screw corvette", its purpose was to improve on the convoy escort classes in service with the Royal Navy at the time, including the Flower-class corvette. The first orders were placed by the Royal Navy in 1940 and the vessels were named for rivers in the United Kingdom, giving name to the class. In Canada they were named for towns and cities though they kept the same designation. The name "frigate" was suggested by Vice-Admiral Percy Nelles of the Royal Canadian Navy and was adopted later that year.
Improvements over the corvette design included improved accommodation which was markedly better. The twin engines gave only three more knots of speed but extended the range of the ship to nearly double that of a corvette at at 12 knots. Among other lessons applied to the design was an armament package better designed to combat U-boats including a twin 4-inch mount forward and 12-pounder aft. 15 Canadian frigates were initially fitted with a single 4-inch gun forward but with the exception of , they were all eventually upgraded to the double mount. For underwater targets, the River-class frigate was equipped with a Hedgehog anti-submarine mortar and depth charge rails aft and four side-mounted throwers.
River-class frigates were the first Royal Canadian Navy warships to carry the 147B Sword horizontal fan echo sonar transmitter in addition to the irregular ASDIC. This allowed the ship to maintain contact with targets even while firing unless a target was struck. Improved radar and direction-finding equipment improved the RCN's ability to find and track enemy submarines over the previous classes.
Canada originally ordered the construction of 33 frigates in October 1941. The design was too big for the shipyards on the Great Lakes so all the frigates built in Canada were built in dockyards along the west coast or along the St. Lawrence River. In all Canada ordered the construction of 60 frigates including ten for the Royal Navy that transferred two to the United States Navy.
Service history
After working up at Bermuda, Jonquière returned to Canada and was assigned to the Mid-Ocean Escort Force (MOEF) escort group C-2 as a trans-Atlantic convoy escort. She made three crossings with the group before being reassigned to escort group EG 26 based out of Derry. During her time with this unit she performed anti-submarine patrols out of derry, Plymouth and Portsmouth until May 1945. In September 1944, Jonquière collided with in Lough Foyle, requiring Assiniboine to return to port for repairs.
Jonquière returned to Canada with the last westbound convoy, ON 305, in June 1945. She was paid off 4 December 1945 and placed in reserve at Shelburne.
Postwar service
Jonquière remained there until she was taken to Lauzon and converted into a Prestonian-class escort. This meant a flush-decked appearance aft, with a larger bridge and taller funnel. Her hull forward was strengthened against ice and the quarterdeck was enclosed to contain two Squid anti-submarine mortars. She was recommissioned in the RCN on 20 September 1954 with the pennant FFE 318 at Lauzon. Following her recommissioning, the frigate transferred to the west coast with and . On 1 January 1955, Jonquiere was assigned to the Second Canadian Escort Squadron of Pacific Command. In November 1955, the Second Canadian Escort Squadron was among the Canadian units that took part in one of the largest naval exercises since the Second World War off the coast of California.
Jonquiere was a member of the Fourth Canadian Escort Squadron based out of Esquimalt, British Columbia. In June 1960 the Fourth Canadian Escort Squadron performed a training tour of the Pacific, with stops at Yokohama, Japan, Midway Atoll and Pearl Harbor. They returned to Canada in August. She served until 23 September 1966 when she was paid off for the last time. She was purchased by Capital Iron & Metal Ltd. of Victoria, British Columbia and broken up there in 1967.
References
Notes
Sources
Macpherson, Ken; Burgess, John. The ships of Canada's naval forces 1910–1981 : a complete pictorial history of Canadian warships. Collins: Toronto, 1981.
External links
HMCS Jonquière at readyayeready.com
River-class frigates of the Royal Canadian Navy
1943 ships
Henry Harington M.D. (1727–1816) was an English physician, musician and author.
Life
Born at Kelston, Somerset during September 1727, he was the son of Henry Harington of Kelston, and of Mary, daughter of Richard Backwell. On 17 December 1745 he matriculated at The Queen's College, Oxford, and graduated B.A. in 1749, M.A. in 1752. While at Oxford he joined a musical society set up by William Hayes, and restricted to competent sight-readers.
Dropping a plan of taking holy orders, Harington studied medicine, and in 1753 established himself as a physician at Wells, Somerset. He accumulated his degrees in medicine in 1762.
In 1771 Harington moved to Bath, Somerset, where he composed in spare time, and founded the Bath Harmonic Society. The Duke of York appointed him his physician. He was also an alderman and magistrate of Bath, and served as mayor in 1793. Bath at that time had a substantial population of French exiles caused by the French Revolution, leading to tension, and his term as mayor 1793–4 saw Harington active against radicalism, and attempting to clean up Bath's streets. His efforts went further than the Home Office desired.
A private members' club founded in 1874, named initially as The People's Club and Institute Ltd., voted to change the name in around 1890 to reflect the history of the building and honour former resident Dr Henry Harington, Mayor of Bath (1793). This club still operates as The Harington Club, at Harington Place; a site which had once been 14th century stables used by Sir John Harington of Kelston during the Battle of Lansdown in 1643.
Harington died on 15 January 1816, in Bath, and was buried at Kelston, in the church chancel. A monument to him was place in Bath Abbey.
Works
Harington published:
A Favourite Collection of Songs, Glees, Elegies, and Canons;
A second Collection of Songs, Glees, Elegies, Canons, and Catches;
A third Collection of Trios, Duetts, single Songs, Rotas;
Songs, Duetts, and other Compositions ... never before published, 1800, edited by his daughter Susanna Isabella Thomas.
These collections had been preceded by compositions issued separately: Eloi! Eloi! or the Death of Christ, a sacred dirge for Passion week; Old Thomas Day; Give me the Sweet Quaker's Wedding; The Stammering Song; and The Alderman's Thumb (a glee). His round How great is the pleasure, and duet How sweet in the woodlands, were once popular. The melody of the latter was taken from a duet, Innamora E poi mancar, from the second act of Giovanni Bononcini's 1720 opera Astarto.
He was also author of:
Ode to Harmony;
Ode to Discord;
The Witch of Wokey (on Wookey Hole, a work that has been put forward as a source for the poem Kubla Khan by Samuel Taylor Coleridge);
A Treatise on the Use and Abuse of Musick;
The Geometrical Analogy of the Doctrine of the Trinity consonant to Human Reason, 1806.
Family
Harington married Martha Musgrave in 1752. They had two sons, Sir Edward Harington the writer, and Henry Harington the antiquarian, who died in 1791. Their daughter Susanna Isabella (1762–1835) married Josiah Thomas, later Archdeacon of Bath, in 1794.
Notes
External links
Henry Harington at the Eighteenth-Century Poetry Archive (ECPA)
The Harington Club, Bath
1727 births
1816 deaths
18th-century English medical doctors
English classical musicians
English male classical composers
Cabin Cove, California is a small and historic community located in the Sierra Nevada and Sequoia National Forest, within Tulare County, California.
Geography
Sequoia National Park surrounds the summer cabins in Cabin Cove. It is on the Mineral King Road, about 20 miles east of the town of Three Rivers, and about 5 miles west of Mineral King.
Cabin Cove is accessible via the Mineral King Road usually between the months of May and November, when the road is not obstructed by snow.
External links
Unincorporated communities in Tulare County, California
Sequoia National Forest
Unincorporated communities in California
Lonnie V. Hunter III (born July 20, 1965) is an American gospel musician. He started his music career, in 1998, with the release of Lonnie Hunter & The Voices of St. Mark by Muscle Shoals Records. His second album, Next Level, was released by Muscle Shoals in 2003. The third album, I'm Back, was released by Black Smoke Music Worldwide in 2011. This was his breakthrough album on the Billboard magazine charts placing on the Billboard 200 along with the Gospel Albums and Independent Albums chart. As of 2015, he is signed to Tyscot Records, for his next release. Hunter is the voice of the 2015 Stellar Awards.
Early life
Hunter was born on July 20, 1965, in Harvey, Illinois, as Lonnie V. Hunter III, to father Lonnie V. Hunter, Jr. and mother Marie. He has a sister, Cherie, which Lonnie is the youngest of five children. Hunter received his bachelor's degree in Public Administration/Public Relations by Western Illinois University. He served five years in the U.S. Air Force, and was part of their Jazz band.
Music career
His music career began in 1998, with the release of Lonnie Hunter & The Voices of St. Mark on June 23, 1998 by Muscle Shoals Records. His subsequent album with the label, Next Level, was released on February 25, 2003. The third album, I'm Back, was released by Black Smoke Entertainment Worldwide on April 26, 2011. This was his breakthrough released on three Billboard magazine charts, and those placements were on The Billboard 200 at No. 135 along with the Gospel Albums at No. 4 and No. 18 on the Independent Albums chart. Hunter was signed to Tyscot Records, in early 2015, for the release of his next album. He was named the voice of the 2015 Stellar Awards. For several years, he was host of the syndicated Lonnie Hunter Show which broadcast on Radio One. In addition to playing contemporary Gospel music, Lonnie's show featured Clues & Categories game and a weekly Talent Show. His humor, love for music and ministry made the show a top-rated show across the country and revealed Lonnie's genuine love for the people of God as he offered laughter, wisdom and good counsel to his many listeners seeking his advice.
Personal life
Hunter resides in New Jersey and serves as Pastor of Worship of the 26,000 member Bethany Baptist Churches in Lindenwold, NJ.
Discography
References
External links
Official website
1965 births
Living people
African-American songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Chicago
Songwriters from Illinois
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Colin Cooper is a British psychologist and was a senior lecturer in the School of Psychology at Queen's University Belfast until 2012, when he took early retirement and moved to Picton, and latterly London Ontario, Canada. Cooper also devised the multiple-choice IQ tests for the BBC television programme Test the Nation. Among the questions, Cooper said that he had managed to "sneak in a few things that interested me", including questions "exploring the link between intelligence and genetics, height and the number of accidents they have had."
Bibliography
Books
Individual Differences and Personality (4th ed.) (2020)
Psychological Testing: theory and practice (2019)
Intelligence and Human Abilities (2015)
Individual Differences and Personality (3rd ed.) (2010)
Test the Nation: The IQ Book (2003)
Individual Differences (2nd ed.) (2002)
Intelligence and Abilities (2002)
Individual Differences (1997)
Articles
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Academics of Queen's University Belfast
British psychologists
Alumni of the University of Exeter
Australasian Palaeontological Memoirs (formerly Memoirs of the Association of Australasian Palaeontologists) is a peer-reviewed scientific monographic series covering all aspects of palaeontology in the Australasian region. The memoir series is designed for longer monographic treatments, but will also consider thematic sets of papers and commonly publishes conference proceedings.
History
The memoirs were initiated in 1983 as the Memoirs of the Association of Australasian Palaeontologists as a monographic series published by AAP. In 2015 their series title was changed to Australasian Palaeontological Memoirs.
It is published directly through the Association of Australasian Palaeontologists.
Notes
External links
Paleontology journals
Monographic series
Taylor & Francis academic journals
Publications established in 1983
English-language journals
Irregular journals
Hon or HON may refer to:
People
Han (surname) (Chinese: 韩/韓), also romanized Hon
Louis Hon (1924–2008), French footballer
Priscilla Hon (born 1998), Australian tennis player
Other uses
Hon (Baltimore), a cultural stereotype of working-class women from Baltimore, Maryland, United States
Cafe Hon, a restaurant in Baltimore
Hon, Arkansas, a community in the United States
Hands on Network, an American network of volunteer centers
Health On the Net Foundation, a Swiss non-governmental organization
Heroes of Newerth, a 2010 video game
Høn Station, in Asker, Norway
The HON Company, American business furniture manufacturer
Honduras at the Olympics
Honeywell (NYSE stock symbol: HON), an American multinational corporation
Honorary (disambiguation)
The Honourable, an honorific styling
Huron Regional Airport, in South Dakota, United States
On (biblical figure) (or Hon), a minor biblical figure
Hon, a term of endearment, short for "honey"
Summer Nights may refer to:
Les nuits d'été ("Summer Nights"), a song cycle by Hector Berlioz
Summernights, a 1977 album by Silver Convention
Summer Nights (Joe Pass album), 1989
Summer Nights (Twice EP), 2018
"Summer Nights" (Grease song), from the 1971 stage musical and 1978 film Grease
"Summer Nights" (Rascal Flatts song), 2009
"Summer Nights" (Tiësto song), 2016
Summer Nights, a 1998 album by Stevie B, or the title song
"Summer Nights", a song by Cassie Steele from Destructo Doll
"Summer Nights", a song by Lil Rob from Twelve Eighteen (Pt. I)
"Summer Nights", a song by Marianne Faithfull
"Summer Nights", a song by Survivor from Premonition
"Summer Nights", a song by Van Halen from 5150
"Summer Nights", a song by Vanessa Amorosi from Hazardous
Summer Nights (concert residency), by Olivia Newton-John (2014–2015)
Summer Nights (film), a 2014 French drama film
Kim Soo-hyun (born Kim Soon-ok on January 27, 1943) is a South Korean screenwriter and novelist.
Career
Kim Soon-ok graduated from Korea University in 1965 with a degree in Korean Language and Literature. She was hired at MBC after winning in their radio drama competition in 1968 with her radio play 그 해 겨울의 우화 ("The Fable of That Year's Winter"). Using the pen name Kim Soo-hyun, the first television drama she wrote, Rainbow, went on air in 1972.
Over four decades, Kim became one of the most renowned screenwriters in Korea. Her body of work includes some of the most watched shows in Korean television history, including What is Love (1992), Men of the Bath House (1996), and Trap of Youth (1999). In his book Korea Through TV Drama, author Kim Hwan-pyo describes how the streets became quiet at around the airing time of Kim Soo-hyun's Love and Ambition (1987) as "practically everyone in the country" was at home in front of the TV.
Kim specializes in stories about Korean family life ― how traditional values conflict with the new and how women struggle to adjust to or resist the cultural suppression at home and work. Her work tends to target an older audience, and she is also known for putting a spotlight on social issues rarely discussed by the public, making some of her work controversial.
2007–present: Works
For My Husband's Woman (2007), a drama about a wife (played by Bae Jong-ok) who discovers her husband (Kim Sang-joong) is having an affair with her best friend (Kim Hee-ae), Kim infused her script with realism despite the provocative subject of adultery, saying that it reflects a society in which extra-marital affairs have become commonplace. Normally portrayed as a wicked woman, Kim humanized the mistress, saying, "If I chose between one of the two women and called it a victory, the script would have become didactic and banal. Each of the two take up 50 percent of my heart equally." It was the second highest-rated Korean drama of 2007 (next to Jumong), and won Kim Hee-ae the Grand Prize ("Daesang") at the 2007 SBS Drama Awards. Later, Kim Soo-hyun strongly denied accusations of plagiarism by Ryu Gyeung-ok, who claimed that My Husband's Woman was very similar to her own TV drama That Woman, Ok-hui.
In 2008's Mom's Dead Upset, a middle-aged woman rediscovers herself by taking a one-year break and declaring independence from her family after spending decades as a housewife looking after three children, a husband and a widowed father-in-law. Despite some viewers who called the character "irresponsible" and "self-centered" for deserting her family, the drama attracted record-breaking ratings, and lead actress Kim Hye-ja received the Grand Prize ("Daesang") at the 2008 KBS Drama Awards and the 2009 Baeksang Arts Awards. Kim said she wanted to "give a sabbatical year to all mothers," and wrote the drama to liberate mothers from their stereotypes.
Life Is Beautiful (2010) was the first network drama to feature an openly gay couple. Kim was both praised and panned for her openness in dealing with the subject of same-sex relationships, but she wrote without hesitation, saying, "I approached the issue of homosexuality as though it could have happened to my son." Actors Song Chang-eui and Lee Sang-woo later praised her for giving their characters subtle and detailed development. In emphasizing the love between two handsome and intellectual people, Kim said her goal was to eradicate prejudice toward gay couples and make homosexuality no longer a taboo subject. In a society that is still conservative when it comes to homosexuality, the high ratings showed that viewers were largely supportive of the drama, which was extended for 13 additional episodes. Openly gay actor Hong Seok-cheon recalled that after he came out in 2000, he was fired from all his acting and hosting jobs, until Kim hired him in a supporting role in the 2003 drama Perfect Love.
In A Thousand Days' Promise (2011), Kim explored the social problems associated with Alzheimer's disease, with Soo Ae giving an unsentimental portrait of a young woman slowly losing her memory and independence.
Childless Comfort (2012), about a smart and highly educated single mother played by Uhm Ji-won, was a significant achievement when it became the highest rated Korean cable drama thus far, helping elevate struggling cable television network jTBC into becoming a true force in broadcasting. Its peak episode rating of 10.71% was an impressive number for pay-television standards because Korean cable channels rarely manage to touch 1 percent on most of their programs, whether they be dramas, sketch comedies, talk shows, documentaries and news. And at per episode, Kim was confirmed to be the highest-paid writer on Korean television.
Personality and controversy
Kim is also known for her fiery and outspoken personality. She is called by insiders as "a Godzilla" on set, for controlling actors' depictions of her characters. Famous for her intense but meaningful dialogue, ad-libbing is forbidden and actors are required to say their lines exactly as her script dictates, word-for-word, down to her trademark fast tempo. Kim admits that she's heard about actresses who cry in the bathroom because she forced them to act until she was satisfied.
When Kim Hee-ae, lead actress of Kim's Perfect Love, lost the Grand Prize ("Daesang") at the 2003 SBS Drama Awards, Kim was quoted as saying, "The prize which is not given to the right one is just trash." Kim Hee-ae later won the Grand Prize ("Daesang") at the 2004 Baeksang Arts Awards.
Production on the TV drama Snow Flower was delayed because Kim, who had written the novel it was based on and had casting approval, opposed the proposal to cast singer Lee Hyori in one of the major roles (Go Ara was eventually cast). Kim had previously adapted her same-titled novel, which portrays the affection and conflict between a mother and her only daughter, into the 1992 film Flower in Snow starring Yoon Jeong-hee and Lee Mi-yeon.
In 2010, she became involved in a public feud with director Im Sang-soo over the film The Housemaid. Kim had been hired to write the script for a remake of the 1960 classic, and after the director initially attached to it quit, Kim recommended Im to the producers. After Kim finished her script, Im made changes, reportedly to suit his provocative style, and Kim expressed her dissatisfaction, saying, "I was shocked when director Im returned the script to me. It was not edited but completely rewritten." Kim claimed that Im apologized and agreed to collaborate on the script, but instead took his version to the studio without consulting her. Enraged, Kim withdrew from the project and later posted on her blog, "I've been stabbed in the back by someone I trusted [and] have no mind to go on with my work."
Already in her sixties when she joined Twitter, Kim has lambasted the Hollywood film Avatar, and the variety show I Am a Singer, and declared that more than half of the current TV dramas are crude, "as if they were written by middle school students." When asked her opinion of makjang dramas, which use racy material including sex, betrayal and violence and have become increasingly available to the general viewing audience, she was firm in her response: "Many producers and writers point to the ratings or viewers as reasons why they are popular, but I think they are very irresponsible. People in the industry have a responsibility to maintain high standards for the viewers, not bring the bar down."
Critical assessment
Despite the continuing popularity of her dramas, some critics are beginning to say that Kim's recent works have been mere parodies of her old ones. She has also been criticized for heavy-handed dialogue, and her overly conservative depictions of the Korean family ― the families she writes about are often of the traditional variety, with grandparents living with the parents and the children. But her work ethic has been lauded in the industry, as one of the few drama writers who turn in their scripts on time. Kim also wrote Mom's Dead Upset while recovering from breast cancer surgery.
Views on writing
According to Kim, the secret to writing a successful drama is in writing not with your brain but with your heart. She said, "All the characters are basically an embodiment of me. I get inside each and every character and write about their lives. If this is done only with your head, the characters fail to come to life and viewers don't want to know any more about them." Selected as Korea's Leading Writer at the 2008 Seoul Drama Festival, Kim told the attendees, "There are over 1,000 members enrolled in the Korean TV and Radio Writers Association, but I doubt how many of them are real writers. If you want to be a good writer, forget about ratings or payment. If you are able to write a handsome drama, other things will follow naturally. I write dramas as I would create a work of art. I'll write dramas with such pride for the rest of my life." In 2012, she received the prestigious Eungwan Order of Cultural Merit.
Filmography
Television
Yeah, That's How It Is (SBS, 2016)
Thrice Married Woman (SBS, 2013-2014)
Childless Comfort (jTBC, 2012-2013)
Daddy's Sorry (TV Chosun, 2012)
A Thousand Days' Promise (SBS, 2011)
Life Is Beautiful (SBS, 2010)
Mom's Dead Upset (KBS2, 2008)
My Husband's Woman (SBS, 2007)
Love and Ambition (SBS, 2006)
Precious Family (KBS2, 2004-2005)
The Autumn of Major General Hong (SBS, 2004)
Perfect Love (SBS, 2003)
Wedding Gift (KBS2, 2003)
Who's My Love (KBS2, 2002)
The Aspen Tree (SBS, 2000)
Fireworks (SBS, 2000-2002)
Do You Know Your Son (SBS, 1999)
Trap of Youth (SBS, 1999)
Because I Love You (SBS, 1997-1998)
Men of the Bath House (KBS2, 1995-1996)
Life (SBS, 1995)
Farewell (SBS, 1994)
Living (SBS, 1993)
Where is Ghana (SBS, 1992)
Two Women (MBC, 1992)
What is Love (MBC, 1991-1992)
Betrayal of the Rose (MBC, 1990)
Sand Castle (MBC, 1988)
Love and Ambition (MBC, 1987)
Love and Truth (MBC, 1984-1985)
I'm Back (MBC, 1983)
Daughter's Smile (KBS, 1983)
Yesterday and Tomorrow (MBC, 1982-1983)
Father (MBC, 1982)
Nocturne (MBC, 1981-1982)
Let Us Love (MBC, 1981-1982)
The Confines of Love (MBC, 1981)
Annyeong haseyo (Hello) (MBC, 1981)
First Guest (MBC, 1981)
Back in the Day (KBS, 1981)
Ahrong-yi Darong-yi (TBC, 1980)
The Lost Winter (TBC, 1980)
A Lonely Affair (TBC, 1979-1980)
Mom, I Like Dad (MBC, 1979)
I Sell Happiness (MBC, 1978-1979)
The Happiness of an Unhappy Woman (TBC, 1978)
Trap of Youth (MBC, 1978)
I Regret It (MBC, 1977-1978)
Mal-hee (KBS, 1977)
You (MBC, 1977-1978)
Ordinary Woman (TBC, 1976)
Girl's High School Days (MBC, 1976-1977)
Bride Diary (MBC, 1975-1976)
Annyeong (Hi) (MBC, 1975)
Narcissus (MBC, 1974)
Gangnam Family (MBC, 1974)
New Mom (MBC, 1972-1973)
Rainbow (MBC, 1972)
Film
Forgive Me Once Again Despite Hatred (2002)
Flower in Snow (1992)
Mother (1985)
Lost Youth (1982)
The Swamp of Desire (1982)
As a Woman (1980)
You Are My Destiny (1980)
The Trappings of Youth (1979)
The Man I Left (1979)
The Last Winter (1978)
The Woman I Betrayed (1978)
The Kept Woman (1976)
I Confess (1976)
Tonight Forever (1972)
I Will Give It All (1972)
A Guilty Woman (1971)
Once More, for Love (Final Episode) (1971)
Pilnyeo (1970)
Dance with My Father (1970)
Farewell My Love (Part Three) (1970)
Though There was No Vow (1970)
Deer in the Snow Field (1969)
Forgotten Woman (1969)
Novels
Flower in Snow (1992)
Wound (1989)
Sand Castle (1989)
That Last Winter (1988)
Temptation (1982)
The Carriage Running into the Winter (1981)
The Last Secret Affair (1980)
The Man I Left (1979)
The Trappings of Youth (1979)
Happiness of an Unhappy Woman (1979)
Wound (1978)
Though There was No Vow (1970)
Awards
2008 Seoul Drama Festival: Korea's Leading Writer
2005 KBS Drama Awards: Best Writer (Precious Family)
2005 Korean TV and Radio Writers Association: Best Writer (Precious Family)
2005 Korea Broadcasting Awards: Best Writer (Precious Family)
2001 37th Baeksang Arts Awards: Best TV Screenplay (The Aspen Tree)
1981 17th Baeksang Arts Awards: Best TV Screenplay (Back in the Day)
1980 16th Baeksang Arts Awards: Best TV Screenplay (A Lonely Affair)
1973 1st Korea Broadcasting Awards: Best Writer (New Mom)
1971 8th Blue Dragon Film Awards: Best Screenplay (Pilnyeo)
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
South Korean television writers
South Korean screenwriters
The National Security Whistleblowers Coalition (NSWBC), founded in 2004 by former FBI translator Sibel Edmonds in league with over 50 former and current United States government officials from more than a dozen agencies, is an independent, nonpartisan alliance of whistleblowers who have come forward to address weaknesses of US security agencies.
NSWBC is made up of current and former employees of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), the Department of Energy (DOE), the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), the Federal Reserve, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) (including the Transportation Security Administration (TSA)), the National Security Agency (NSA), the Department of State, and others. The organization has collectively testified before Congressional committees in the U.S. House of Representatives and Senate to demand that Congress act to end government retaliation against those who expose corruption, misdeeds and errors in the realm of U.S. national security.
Coalition objectives
The NSWBC aims to aid and abet whistleblowers seeking to inform authorities of security vulnerabilities of US intelligence agencies, to counteract the intimidation of employees and the undermining of whistleblower credibility, and to uncover government waste, fraud, abuse and criminal conduct. The coalition is only for whistleblowers who have raised national security issues, not for government workers who have complaints that they were individually discriminated against or wrongly passed over for a promotion.
Congressional action
On March 15, 2005, H.R. 1317, the Federal Employees Protection of Disclosures Act, was introduced by Republican Rep. Todd Platts as a bill in the U.S. House of Representatives. It was redrafted to incorporate some minor phrasing adjustments and was reintroduced as H.R. 3097 on June 28, 2005. It was immediately referred to the House Committee on Government Reform, but as of mid-2007, no further action had been taken on the redraft.
On June 29, 2006, H.R. 1317 was referred to the House Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and to the House Committee on Homeland Security Subcommittee on Management, Integration, and Oversight. Both committees granted extensions for further consideration of the bill, with the last one being a three-week extension granted on November 17, 2006, by the House Committee on Armed Services. The Homeland Security committee was discharged the same day. As of mid-2007, no further action had been taken.
If enacted as law, the bill would clarify the categories of disclosure covered by the Whistleblower Protection Act, reduce the standard of proof of illicit activity that a whistleblower needs to have before they are entitled to the law's protection, outlaw non-disclosure agreements for federal employees that do not include exemptions for whistleblowers, or that limit other disclosures allowed under open government legislation, and increase the burden of proof needed to discipline managers who allegedly retaliate against those making disclosures. The bill also calls for a study of security clearance revocations to be conducted and a report on the study delivered to the House Committee on Government Reform.
In a letter to the NSWBC, Democratic Rep. Henry Waxman praised the coalition and pledged his support for legislation protecting national security whistleblowers:
Let me state unequivocally that all federal government workers deserve whistleblower protection, none more so than national security whistleblowers. ... Our own government has concluded that they can be trusted to work on the most important law enforcement and intelligence projects in today's post-9/11 environment. These officials are critical to our national defense. ... For these reasons, I favor expanding the Whistleblower Protection Act to cover these employees and contractors as fully as possible, as well as making the retaliatory revocation of a security clearance a prohibited personnel practice.
Members
Members include:
Shawn Carpenter
Bogdan Dzakovic
Sibel Edmonds
Daniel Ellsberg
Melvin Goodman
Daniel M. Hirsch
Karen Kwiatkowski
Donald Bussey
Michael Levine
David MacMichael
Ray McGovern
Michael Springmann
Russ Tice
Jane Turner
Robert Wright, Jr.
See also
Colleen Rowley
Edward Snowden
Mark Klein
Thomas Tamm
Thomas Andrews Drake
William Binney
Concerned Foreign Service Officers
Government Accountability Project
National Whistleblower Center
Project on Government Oversight
Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity
References
External links
NSWBC– National Security Whistleblowers Coalition (official website)
H.R. 3097, the Federal Employee Protection of Disclosures Act (current version; awaiting committee action)
H.R. 1317, the Federal Employee Protection of Disclosures Act (first version; inactive)
GovExec.com – 'National security employees form whistleblowers coalition', Chris Strohm, Government Executive (April 27, 2005)
IPSNews.net – 'Security Whistleblowers Demand End to Retaliation', William Fisher, Inter Press Service News Agency (May 11, 2005)
NSWBC.org – 'New whistleblower law mired in Hill row', Shaun Waterman, UPI (June 16, 2005)
Whistleblower support organizations
Political advocacy groups in the United States
National security
2004 establishments in the United States
Organizations established in 2004
American whistleblowers
Rudkhaneh () may refer to:
Rudkhaneh, Gilan
Rudkhaneh, Hormozgan
Rudkhaneh, Isfahan
Rudkhaneh, Kerman
Rudkhaneh-ye Kemal, Kerman Province
Rudkhaneh-ye Soltani, Kerman Province
Rudkhaneh, Jiroft, Kerman Province
Rudkhaneh, Razavi Khorasan
Rudkhaneh District, in Hormozgan Province
Lu Jinhua (25 February 1927 – 10 January 2018) was a Chinese Yue opera artist who played Sheng roles. She starred in the 1958 Yue opera film A Test of Love alongside Fu Quanxiang.
Lu Jinhua founded the Shaozhuang Troupe with Wang Wenjuan in 1947. She is considered the founder of the Lu school.
References
1927 births
2018 deaths
Yue opera actresses
20th-century Chinese actresses
Chinese film actresses
Actresses from Shanghai
Singers from Shanghai
Male impersonators in Yue opera
20th-century Chinese women singers
Anatole Paul Broyard (July 16, 1920 – October 11, 1990) was an American writer, literary critic, and editor who wrote for The New York Times. In addition to his many reviews and columns, he published short stories, essays, and two books during his lifetime. His autobiographical works, Intoxicated by My Illness (1992) and Kafka Was the Rage: A Greenwich Village Memoir (1993), were published after his death.
Several years after his death, Broyard became the center of controversy when it was revealed that he had "passed" as white despite being a Louisiana Creole of mixed-race ancestry.
Life and career
Early life
Anatole Paul Broyard was born on July 16, 1920, in New Orleans, Louisiana, into a Black Louisiana Creole family, the son of Paul Anatole Broyard, a carpenter and construction worker, and his wife, Edna Miller, neither of whom had finished elementary school. Broyard was descended from ancestors who were established as free people of color before the Civil War. The first Broyard recorded in Louisiana was a French colonist in the mid-eighteenth century. Broyard was the second of three children; he and his sister Lorraine, two years older, were light-skinned with European features. Their younger sister, Shirley, who eventually married Franklin Williams, an attorney and civil rights leader, had darker skin and African features.
When Broyard was a child during the Depression, his family moved from New Orleans to New York City, as part of the Great Migration of African Americans to the northern industrial cities. According to his daughter, Bliss Broyard, "My mother said that when my father was growing up in Brooklyn, where his family had moved when he was six, he'd been ostracized by both white and black kids alike. The black kids picked on him because he looked white, and the white kids rejected him because they knew his family was black. He'd come home from school with his jacket torn, and his parents wouldn't ask what happened. My mother said that he didn't tell us about his racial background because he wanted to spare his own children from going through what he did."
The Broyard family lived in a working-class and racially diverse community in Brooklyn. He saw his parents "pass" as white to get work, as his father found the carpenters union to be racially discriminatory. By high school, the younger Broyard had become interested in artistic and cultural life.
Broyard had some stories accepted for publication in the 1940s. He began studying at Brooklyn College before the U.S. entered World War II. When he enlisted in the Army, the armed services were segregated and no African Americans were officers. He was accepted as white at enlistment and he successfully completed officers school. During his service, Broyard was promoted to the rank of captain.
After the war, Broyard maintained his white identity. He used the GI Bill to study at the New School for Social Research in Manhattan.
Career
Broyard settled in Greenwich Village, where he became part of its bohemian artistic and literary life. With money saved during the war, Broyard owned a bookstore for a time. As he recounted in a 1979 column:
Eventually, I ran away to Greenwich Village, where no one had been born of a mother and father, where the people I met had sprung from their own brows, or from the pages of a bad novel... Orphans of the avant-garde, we outdistanced our history and our humanity.
Broyard did not identify with or champion black political causes. Because of his artistic ambition, in some circumstances he never acknowledged that he was partially black. On the other hand, Margaret Harrell has written that she and other acquaintances were casually told that he was a writer and black before meeting him, and not in the sense of having to keep it secret. That he was partially black was well known in the Greenwich Village literary and art community from the early 1960s.
As writer and editor Brent Staples wrote in 2003, "Anatole Broyard wanted to be a writer – and not just a 'Negro writer' consigned to the back of the literary bus." The historian Henry Louis Gates, Jr. wrote: "In his terms, he did not want to write about black love, black passion, black suffering, black joy; he wanted to write about love and passion and suffering and joy."
During the 1940s, Broyard published stories in Modern Writing, Discovery, and New World Writing, three leading pocket-book format "little magazines". He also contributed articles and essays to Partisan Review, Commentary, Neurotica, and New Directions Publishing. Stories of his were included in two anthologies of fiction widely associated with the Beat writers, but Broyard did not identify with them.
Broyard often was said to be working on a novel, but never published one. After the 1950s, Broyard taught creative writing at The New School, New York University, and Columbia University, in addition to his regular book reviewing. For nearly fifteen years, Broyard wrote daily book reviews for The New York Times. The editor John Leonard was quoted as saying, "A good book review is an act of seduction, and when he [Broyard] did it there was no one better."
In the late 1970s, Broyard started publishing brief personal essays in the Times, which many people considered among his best work. These were collected in Men, Women and Anti-Climaxes, published in 1980. In 1984 Broyard was given a column in the Book Review, for which he also worked as an editor. He was among those considered "gatekeepers" in the New York literary world, whose positive opinions were critical to a writer's success.
Marriage and family
Broyard first married Aida Sanchez, a Puerto Rican woman, and they had a daughter, Gala. They divorced after Broyard returned from military service in World War II.
In 1961, at the age of 40, Broyard married again, to Alexandra (Sandy) Nelson, a modern dancer and younger woman of Norwegian-American ancestry. They had two children: son Todd, born in 1964, and daughter Bliss, born in 1966. The Broyards raised their children as white in suburban Connecticut. When they had grown to young adults, Sandy urged Broyard to tell them about his family (and theirs), but he never did.
Shortly before he died, Broyard stated that he missed his friend Milton Klonsky, with whom he used to talk every day, after Klonsky's death. Broyard said that after Milton died, "no one talked to me as an equal".
Broyard's first wife and child were not mentioned in his The New York Times obituary. Sandy told their children of their father's ancestry before his death.
Death
Broyard died of prostate cancer on October 11, 1990, at the Dana–Farber Cancer Institute in Boston.
Disclosure of African-American ancestry
In 1996, six years after Broyard's death, Henry Louis Gates criticized the writer, in a profile entitled "White Like Me" in The New Yorker, for concealing his African-American ancestry. Gates expanded his essay in "The Passing of Anatole Broyard", a piece published the next year in his Thirteen Ways of Looking at a Black Man (1997). Gates felt that Broyard had deceived friends and family by "passing" as white, but also understood his literary ambition. He wrote:
When those of mixed ancestry—and the majority of blacks are of mixed ancestry—disappear into the white majority, they are traditionally accused of running from their "blackness." Yet why isn't the alternative a matter of running to their "whiteness"?
In 2007, Broyard's daughter, Bliss, published a memoir, One Drop: My Father's Hidden Life: A Story of Race and Family Secrets. The title related to the "one-drop rule". Adopted into law in most southern states in the early twentieth century, it divided society into two groups, whites and blacks, classifying all persons with any known black ancestry as black.
Cultural references
Novelist Chandler Brossard, who knew Broyard in the late 1940s, based a character on him in his first novel, Who Walk in Darkness (1952). After the manuscript was submitted to New Directions Publishing, poet Delmore Schwartz read it and informed Broyard that the character Henry Porter was based on him; Broyard threatened to sue unless the novel's opening line was changed. It originally had read "People said Henry Porter was a 'passed Negro,'" which Brossard reluctantly changed to "People said Henry Porter was an illegitimate." Brossard restored his original text for a 1972 paperback edition.
Novelist William Gaddis, who likewise knew Broyard in the late 1940s, modeled a character named "Max" on Broyard in his first novel, The Recognitions (1955).
Given Broyard's stature in the literary world and discussions about his life after his death, numerous literary critics, such as Michiko Kakutani, Janet Maslin, Lorrie Moore, Charles Taylor, Touré, and Brent Staples, have made comparisons between the character Coleman Silk in Philip Roth's The Human Stain (2000) and Broyard. Some speculated that Roth had been inspired by Broyard's life, and commented on the larger issues of race and identity in American society. Roth stated in a 2008 interview, however, that Broyard was not his source of inspiration. He explained that he had only learned about Broyard's black ancestry and choices from the Gates New Yorker article, published months after he had already started writing the novel.
Works
1954, "What the Cystoscope Said", Discovery magazine; this is one of his best-known short stories, also included in Intoxicated by My Illness (1992)
Books
1974, Aroused By Books, collected reviews, published by Random House
1980, Men, Women and Other Anticlimaxes, collected essays, published by Methuen
1992, Intoxicated by My Illness: and Other Writings on Life and Death
1993, Kafka Was The Rage: A Greenwich Village Memoir
References
External links
Anatole Broyard, "A Portrait of the Hipster", Karakorak blog. Broyard's notable critical dissection of the hipster phenomenon.
"Anatole Broyard, 70, Book Critic and Editor at The Times, Is Dead", The New York Times, Friday, October 12, 1990.
Peter S. Canellos, "Literary critic left one topic untouched: Race was a closed chapter in a prominent life", The Boston Globe, May 19, 1996
Jim Burns, "Anatole Broyard", Penniless Press, UK
Bliss Broyard, One Drop: My Father's Hidden Life—A Story of Race and Family Secrets, New York: Little, Brown and Company, 2007.
"Bliss Broyard: 'One Drop' and What It Means", Fresh Air from WHYY, National Public Radio, September 27, 2007.
Craig Phillips, "Lacey Schwartz Uproots her Family Tree", Independent Lens. Lacey Schwartz Delgado – Denial
Bliss Broyard
1920 births
1990 deaths
20th-century African-American writers
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
African-American memoirists
African-American non-fiction writers
African-American short story writers
American memoirists
American literary critics
American male short story writers
American short story writers
Brooklyn College alumni
Deaths from cancer in Massachusetts
Deaths from prostate cancer
Impostors
Louisiana Creole people
Military personnel from Louisiana
People from Fairfield County, Connecticut
The New School alumni
The New York Times editors
United States Army personnel of World War II
Writers from Connecticut
Writers from New Orleans
Dennis Strandberg (born 30 June 1993 in Helsingborg) is a Swedish racing driver, currently competing in the British Touring Car Championship for Team Parker Racing with Maximum Motorsport and the Scandinavian Touring Car Championship for Lestrup Racing Team.
Racing record
Career summary
Complete Scandinavian Touring Car Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete British Touring Car Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position – 1 point awarded just in first race; races in italics indicate the fastest lap – 1 point awarded all races; * signifies that driver led race for at least one lap – 1 point given all races)
References
External links
http://www.btcc.net/driver/dennis-strandberg/
1993 births
Living people
Swedish racing drivers
British Touring Car Championship drivers
British GT Championship drivers
Ginetta GT4 Supercup drivers
Sportspeople from Helsingborg
The 1956 Edmonton Eskimos finished in 1st place in the Western Interprovincial Football Union with an 11–5 record and won the 44th Grey Cup, completing the first Grey Cup three-peat in the modern era.
Pre-season
Schedule
Regular season
Season Standings
Season schedule
Playoffs
Grey Cup
References
Edmonton Elks seasons
Grey Cup championship seasons
N. J. Taylor Trophy championship seasons
1956 Canadian football season by team
Henry Wetherby Benchley (February 20, 1822 – February 24, 1867) was an American politician who served in the Massachusetts Senate and as the 22nd Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts. In the 1850s, he was one of the founders of the Republican Party.
Biography
Benchley's immigrant ancestor was William Benchley, who had settled in Rhode Island from Wales. By the 1840s, Benchley's line had moved from Smithfield, Rhode Island to Worcester, Massachusetts. He married Julia and they had two sons, Charles and Julian. Benchley became active in regional politics, helping found the Republican Party in the 1850s. He also served in the Massachusetts Senate from Worcester, and was elected as Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts in the mid-1850s.
After Julia's death in 1854, Benchley arranged for relatives to care for his sons and went to Texas to oppose the institution of slavery. He was arrested and jailed in Houston for helping run an Underground Railroad station. This was after the Fugitive Slave Law of 1850 was passed, which increased penalties for anti-slavery activism. He died in Houston in 1867 after the Civil War ended.
Legacy
His grandson, Robert Benchley, became a famed humorist based in New York City. His great-grandson, Nathaniel Benchley, and great-great-grandson, Peter Benchley, also became noted authors.
See also
76th Massachusetts General Court (1855)
References
Billy Altman, Laughter's Gentle Soul: The Life of Robert Benchley. (New York City: W. W. Norton, 1997. ).
Norris W. Yates, Robert Benchley. (New York City, Twayne Publishers, 1968.).
Roger D. Joslyn, "The Benchley-Bensley Family", New England Historical and Genealogical Register. Vol. CXLII No. 565-567 (January, April 1988, July 1988).
1822 births
1867 deaths
Lieutenant Governors of Massachusetts
Massachusetts Know Nothings
Massachusetts Republicans
Massachusetts state senators
Presidents of the Massachusetts Senate
American city founders
People from Chester County, Pennsylvania
Texas Republicans
Politicians from Houston
John Andrew Berton Jr. is an American computer graphics animator and visual effects supervisor. His most recent completed project is Bedtime Stories. He also recently worked in India, supervising effects on the film Krrish 3. In the fall of 2013, he joined the faculty of Drexel University in Philadelphia.
Education and early career
Berton holds a B.A. in Communications and Film from Denison University, where he was also a writer-performer for a small radio comedy troupe called Pith. After a brief stint as a disc jockey, he joined the acclaimed Computer Graphics Research Group (CGRG) computer graphics program at Ohio State University, later known as ACCAD (The Advanced Computing Center for the Arts and Design). There he earned an M.A. in Art Education/Computer Graphics. This led to artistic and experimental work at Cranston/Csuri Productions, an Ohio-based early CG company founded in 1981.
In 1986 Berton joined Mental Images, a software company that also had a production division to help develop their renderer. Together with Rolf Herken, Axel Dirksen, Hans-Christian Hege, Robert Hödicke, Wolfgang Krüger, Ulrich Weinberg and Roger Wilson, he created an animated film (also called mental images) that was well received at SIGGRAPH, NICOGRAPH and Prix Ars Electronica.
ILM work
Many of Berton's best known films were made during his tenure at Industrial Light and Magic, which began in 1990. These include Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991) and Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country (also 1991), The Mummy (1999), and Men in Black II (2002), among others. By 1992 he was a CG department manager, by 1997 a digital effects supervisor, and in 1998 a visual effects supervisor. Many of the films on which Berton worked have received awards and nominations in visual effects categories, including the 1991 Academy Award for Best Visual Effects for Terminator 2: Judgment Day, the 1993 Academy Award for Best Visual Effects for Jurassic Park. Berton's last film for ILM was Men in Black II, in which he also had a cameo role as an alien postal worker. He has also appeared as himself in several programs and featurettes about computer graphics.
Independent work
Since leaving ILM, Berton has been digital effects supervisor on I, Robot (2004) and visual effects supervisor on the 2006 film Charlotte's Web. Producer Jordan Kerner explains that Berton was hired for Charlotte's Web because the filmmakers needed someone "who had been involved with field that had a tremendous amount of fully 3-D, computer-generated characters who have to convey thoughts and emotions." The film's visual effects were produced by five different companies, but it was Berton, according to Kerner, who "drew those elements together."
After Charlotte's Web Berton worked with Director/Screenwriter David Goyer on a proposed stereographic thriller for Walt Disney Pictures, followed by supervising the visual effects on Bedtime Stories, also for Walt Disney Pictures. This film, directed by Adam Shankman, stars Adam Sandler and Keri Russell and was released at Christmas 2008.
In August, 2011, Berton traveled to India for a two-year stint as Visual Effects Supervisor on Krrish 3, a sequel to the 2006 Bollywood film Krrish.
Awards
Berton's personal awards include the Monitor Award for Best Computer Graphics Animation on the 1984 Super Bowl, the Nicograph Grand Prize for Computer Animation for the short film Snoot and Muttly, and an Honorable Mention from Prix Ars Electronica for Mental Images. He was twice a finalist for nomination for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects, in 1999 for The Mummy (1999) and in 2002 for Men in Black II. He was nominated for Best Visual Effects by the British Academy for Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) for The Mummy in 1999. In 2006 he was nominated for Best Visual Effects by the Visual Effects Society for Charlotte's Web (2006).
Personal
The University of Hawaiʻi at Manoa welcomed John Berton into their teaching staff for the Academy of Creative Media, in fall of 2012.
References
External links
John Berton's blog
Living people
American animators
Ohio State University alumni
Denison University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1919 Canton Bulldogs season was their tenth season in the Ohio League, and their last before entering the National Football League in 1920. The team finished 9–0–1.
Schedule
The table below was compiled using the information from The Pro Football Archives, which uses various contemporary newspapers. For the results column, the winning team's score is posted first followed by the result for the Bulldogs. For the attendance, if a cell is greyed out and has "N/A", then that means there is an unknown figure for that game. The green-colored rows indicates a win.
Game notes
References
Canton Bulldogs seasons
Canton Bulldogs
Canton Bulldogs
Stary Majdan () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Kayo Sports is an over-the-top video streaming subscription service available in Australia, owned by Streamotion (a wholly owned subsidiary of Foxtel). The service offers sports live and on demand from Fox Sports, ESPN, beIN Sports, and Racing.com.
History
In March 2018 it was reported Foxtel were investigating an over-the-top sports streaming service to appeal to customers not willing to subscribe to traditional satellite or cable. At the time the service had reportedly been in development for more than nine months but was yet to be green lit. It was reported the new service would not use the Foxtel branding. In August 2018 it was reported Foxtel had green lit this new sports streaming service, which was code named Project Martian. It was predicted the service would launch in late 2018 coinciding with a cricket event following Foxtel's recent new six year broadcasting deal with Cricket Australia. In October 2018, it was reported the service was originally planned to launch in early November but was delayed until early December in order to conduct further testing to avoid technical issues similar to those experienced by Optus Sport for the 2018 FIFA World Cup. On 5 November 2018 it was reported Foxtel were exploring including ESPN and beIN Sports in the service which was rumored to be called Kayo Sports.
On 9 November 2018, it was formally announced the new service would be called Kayo Sports and launched in beta that day. At launch, the service offered over 50 sports from Fox Sports, ESPN and beIN Sports networks live and on demand. Foxtel CEO Patrick Delany described the service as the "Netflix of sport". Following a positive reception to the beta launch, Kayo Sports officially launched on 26 November 2018.
On 6 May 2019 Kayo Sports added Racing.com.
In February 2021 it was announced Telstra (part owner of parent company Foxtel) would be replacing their Telstra Live Pass service in the National Rugby League and Australian Football League mobile apps which offered streaming of games with access to Kayo Sports.
As of May 2021 it was announced that Kayo Sports has exceeded 1 million total subscribers, with paying subscribers expected to reach that milestone imminently.
Subscribers
Channels
The following channels are available on Kayo Sports:
Fox Sports News
Fox Cricket
Fox League
Fox Footy
Fox Netball
Fox Sports
Fox Sports 503
Fox Sports 506
Fox Sports More+
Fox Sports 508
ESPN
ESPN
ESPN2
beIN Sports
beIN Sports 1
beIN Sports 2
beIN Sports 3
Racing.com
Content
Original programming
Kayo Sports' first original program Below the Bonnet premiered on 25 March 2021. The weekly Supercars Championship themed talk show is hosted by David Reynolds and Michael Caruso.
Availability
Kayo Sports offers a three tier subscription model (one, basic or premium), the difference being the number of simultaneous device streams(1 for one, 2 for basic, 3 for premium). Kayo Sports is available via web browser, mobile app (Android and iOS), and on selected smart televisions and media consoles.
Kayo Freebies
In January 2021 Kayo Sports announced they would be offering free access to selected sports and programs under the banner Kayo Freebies as a way of increasing subscribers. Sports included under the banner include: the Mount Panorama 500, selected A-League games, selected W-League games, two Suncorp Super Netball games a round plus Australian Diamonds games, and all sports supported under the Federal Government's Women's, Niche and Other Under-Represented Sports grants.
See also
Foxtel Now
Binge
List of sports television channels
List of streaming media services
References
External links
2018 establishments in Australia
Sports television networks in Australia
Internet properties established in 2018
Subscription video streaming services
Foxtel
Australian subscription television services
The college was founded in 1909, and has a tradition based on the teachings of the French educator Saint Marcellin Champagnat, the founder of the Marist Brothers. The school offers education to approximately 1,200 students from Year 7 to Year 12.
Marist College Kogarah is an independent Roman Catholic single sex secondary day school for boys, located in Bexley, a suburb located in the St George region of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
History
Marist College Kogarah was established in 1908 as the Kogarah Boys' School, a primary school for boys. The Marist Brothers agreed to establish the school after requests by John O'Driscoll, parish priest of the new parish of Kogarah. During 1908 a hundred pupils were enrolled, it then being the only Catholic boys school in New South Wales south west of . As demand for secondary education grew in the region, junior secondary classes were added to the school in the late 1920s. By 1938 it was a full secondary school, presenting pupils for the Leaving Certificate. By the 1940s it was the largest Catholic School in Australia. In the 1960s, the school became part of the new Archdiocesan system of schools and this had important consequences for Kogarah. Parish schools were preferred for primary education and so in 1982 primary classes ended at Marist Brothers Kogarah. From 1984, senior girls were enrolled in Years 11 and 12. This was however short-lived due to the establishment of Bethany College in 1993.
Former Principal, Br John Patrick O'Brien was sentenced to 7 years gaol by Lismore District Court for 11 counts of indecent assault against 4 different students whilst at St Joseph's Hunters Hill. Sentencing was on 6th November 2021.
School crest and motto
Over the years the school has had three crest designs. They all have in common a red cross dividing a shield into four fields. Above the shield is the school motto Finis Coronat Opus, meaning "The End Crowns the Work"; below is the school name. The redesigns were required after the school's name was altered. The crest's symbols were also rearranged after the first redesign.
The fields contain the following symbols:
The Marist symbol
The Southern Cross, the symbol of Australia
The Waratah, the symbol of New South Wales
An open book to symbolise learning
House system
The present school house system has been operating since 2000. As each new student begins at the school, he is allocated to a house and its colour. The school has four houses that have been named after people that have made a lasting impact on the school. Students are involved in House Competitions which include Sporting, Cultural and Academic events. The four houses are:
Cooper: Named after Alfred Cooper, a benefactor of the school.
Gonzaga: Named after the first principal of the school, Brother Gonzaga Brown.
Gilroy : Named after Cardinal Gilroy of Sydney, who was enrolled in the school on the first day of lessons in 1909.
Lindwall : Named after Ray Lindwall, a first-grade St George rugby league footballer and cricketer who represented for Australia at Test level.
Tuition
Subjects offered for the NSW Higher School Certificate (HSC) include English Standard, English Advanced, English Extension 1, English Extension 2, General Mathematics, Mathematics, Mathematics Extension 1, Mathematics Extension 2, Chemistry, Physics, Biology, Engineering Studies, Studies of Religion 1, Studies of Religion 2, Geography, Modern History, Ancient History, History Extension, Economics, Business Studies, Italian Beginners, Italian Continuers, Music 1, Music 2, Visual Arts, PDHPE, Industrial Technology, Design and Technology, Information Processes and Technology, and Software Design and Development.
Principals
The following individuals hav served as Principal of Marist College Kogarah:
Sport
Notable alumni
Academic
Glyn Davis – Vice-Chancellor of the University of Melbourne
Clergy
Cardinal Sir Norman Thomas Gilroy – first Australian Cardinal; Australian of the Year 1971
Bishop Edward Kelly – former Bishop of Toowoomba
Monsignor John Slowey – Director of the Sydney Catholic Education Office; co-founder of the Australian Catholic University
Entertainment, media and the arts
Geoff Plummer - (1954-2006) Founding member and original drummer for 50s revival band Ol' 55 (band)
Warren Fahey – Australian Folklorist, founder of Folkways Music and Larrikin Records, former Deputy managing director Festival Mushroom Group.
John Hargreaves – actor; only actor to receive the Byron Kennedy Award
Chris Holland – former College vice-captain, member of Australian band Operator Please
Paul Merciadez – member of Justice Dance Crew who won Australia's Got Talent in 2010
Dom Turner - blues guitarist and founder The Backsliders
Politics, public service and the law
John Ajaka – Australian politician and member of the New South Wales Legislative Council
Kevin Greene – former Australian politician and member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Chris Minns - Leader of the Opposition and Leader of Labor Party in NSW
Sport
Peter Armstrong – rugby league footballer; St. George Dragons hooker (1957–1964)
Jim Bailey – athlete; Olympian (Melbourne 1956)
Michael Beattie – rugby league footballer for the St. George Dragons; captain
George Carstairs – rugby league footballer for the St. George Dragons (1921–29) and Australian representative (1921–22)
Frank Farrell – former rugby league footballer who played for Newtown Jets, NSW and Australia
Keith Galloway – rugby league footballer for the Wests Tigers and the Cronulla Sharks. Played for Australia.
Blagoj Janev – professional basketball player for the Sydney Kings
Michael Korkidas – former rugby league footballer for the Sydney Roosters in the NRL, and various clubs in the Super League.
Ray Lindwall – cricket player; considered one of the greatest fast bowlers of all time
Daryl Millard – former rugby league footballer for the St. George Illawarra Dragons and Canterbury Bulldogs
George Ndaira – former rugby league footballer for the Newcastle Knights, St. George Illawarra Dragons and South Sydney Rabbitohs
Kerry O'Keeffe – Australian cricketer and commentator.
Josh Reynolds – professional rugby league footballer for the Wests Tigers (formerly Canterbury Bulldogs)
Warren Saunders – former NSW and St George cricket captain
Jason Stevens – rugby league footballer for the Cronulla Sharks, Australian Kangaroo's and NSW Blues
Robert Stone – rugby league footballer for the St. George Dragons and NSW Blues
Robert Windle – Olympic gold medallist in the 1500 m freestyle (Tokyo 1964) – Swimming
Matt Dufty - current Rugby League player for the St George Illawarra Dragons.
See also
List of Catholic schools in New South Wales
Catholic education in Australia
References
External links
Marist College Kogarah Website
MCC Association
Marist Schools Australia
Catholic secondary schools in Sydney
Educational institutions established in 1909
Association of Marist Schools of Australia
Boys' schools in New South Wales
Metropolitan Catholic Colleges Sports Association
1909 establishments in Australia
Tonatiuh Gutiérrez (born November 20, 1929) is a former swimmer from Mexico. He competed in the freestyle and the backstroke events.
Gutiérrez twice competed for his native country at the Summer Olympics of 1948 and 1952. He also won two medals (silver and bronze) in the men's freestyle events at the 1951 Pan American Games.
References
sports-reference
1929 births
Living people
Mexican male swimmers
Male backstroke swimmers
Mexican male freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Mexico
Swimmers at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1951 Pan American Games
Swimmers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games silver medalists for Mexico
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Mexico
Pan American Games medalists in swimming
Central American and Caribbean Games gold medalists for Mexico
Competitors at the 1950 Central American and Caribbean Games
Competitors at the 1954 Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in swimming
Medalists at the 1951 Pan American Games
Medical Care Research and Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of health care. The editor-in-chief is Thomas D'Aunno (Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health). It was established in 1944 and is currently published by SAGE Publishing.
The journal publishes three types of articles: review articles on particular research or policy topics that synthesize theoretical and empirical literature across several disciplines; empirical research; and articles that present new data and trends in the health care field.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2014 impact factor is 2.600, ranking it 25 out of 86 journals in the category "Health Care Sciences & Services" and 12 out of 70 journals in the category "Health Policy & Services".
Best Article Award
Each year, the journal's editorial board selects a "Best Paper", selected based on the quality of the work and its contribution to the field.
Notable papers
The following papers have been cited most often, according to the Web of Science:
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Healthcare journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 1944
Mohammad Hossein Emad (born 26 August 1957 in Arak, Iran) is a contemporary Iranian sculptor.
Background
Emad was born in the Iranian city of Arak and lived there until the age of 33 before moving to the capital Tehran. He began being interested in painting at the age of five when he started copying images found in the magazines.
He began his artistic activities with experimental painting. He later began experimenting with sculpture and held his first exhibition at Tehran's Afrand Gallery in 1993.
Public commissions
Emad has been commissioned for a series of urban projects. Among his urban sculptures are 'Vazir', situated in Tehran's Gofteman Park, and the Beheshti Monument situated in Shahid Beheshti University in Tehran, both commissioned in 2004. He has also made three sculptures for the Dr. Hesabi Centre in the cities of Tehran, Bushehr and Arak.
Books
In 2009, Assar Art Gallery published a book entitled Mohammad Hossein Emad's sculptures on the works of the artist.
Awards
Honorary diploma from the fifth biennial of Iran's contemporary sculpture in 2007
Selected as the sculptor of the year at Tehran's fourth contemporary sculpture biennial in 2005
Winner of the first prize at 'Mirror of Art' exhibition at Tehran's Bahman cultural centre in 1996
References
External links
Official site
Iranian sculptors
1957 births
Living people
Paruparo is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Indomalayan realm.
Species
Paruparo mamertina (Hewitson, 1869)
Paruparo cebuensis (Jumalon, 1975)
Paruparo cebuensis chotaroi (H. Hayashi, 1977)
Paruparo annie Takanami, 1982
Paruparo lumawigi (Schröder, 1976)
Paruparo violacea (Schröder & Treadaway, 1978)
Paruparo mio Hayashi, Schröder & Treadaway, 1984
Paruparo rosemarie Seki, 1993
Paruparo kuehni (Röber, 1887)
External links
"Paruparo Takanami, 1982" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Lycaenidae genera
Volume is a measure of occupied three-dimensional space. It is often quantified numerically using SI derived units (such as the cubic meter and liter) or by various imperial units (such as the gallon, quart, cubic inch). The definition of length (cubed) is interrelated with volume. The volume of a container is generally understood to be the capacity of the container; i.e., the amount of fluid (gas or liquid) that the container could hold, rather than the amount of space the container itself displaces.
In ancient times, volume is measured using similar-shaped natural containers and later on, standardized containers. Some simple three-dimensional shapes can have its volume easily calculated using arithmetic formulas. Volumes of more complicated shapes can be calculated with integral calculus if a formula exists for the shape's boundary. Zero-, one- and two-dimensional objects have no volume; in fourth and higher dimensions, an analogous concept to the normal volume is the hypervolume.
History
Ancient history
The precision of volume measurements in the ancient period usually ranges between . The earliest evidence of volume calculation came from ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia as mathematical problems, approximating volume of simple shapes such as cuboids, cylinders, frustum and cones. These math problems have been written in the Moscow Mathematical Papyrus (c. 1820 BCE). In the Reisner Papyrus, ancient Egyptians have written concrete units of volume for grain and liquids, as well as a table of length, width, depth, and volume for blocks of material. The Egyptians use their units of length (the cubit, palm, digit) to devise their units of volume, such as the volume cubit or deny (1 cubit × 1 cubit × 1 cubit), volume palm (1 cubit × 1 cubit × 1 palm), and volume digit (1 cubit × 1 cubit × 1 digit).
The last three books of Euclid's Elements, written in around 300 BCE, detailed the exact formulas for calculating the volume of parallelepipeds, cones, pyramids, cylinders, and spheres. The formula were determined by prior mathematicians by using a primitive form of integration, by breaking the shapes into smaller and simpler pieces. A century later, Archimedes () devised approximate volume formula of several shapes used the method of exhaustion approach, meaning to derive solutions from previous known formulas from similar shapes. Primitive integration of shapes was also discovered independently by Liu Hui in the 3rd century CE, Zu Chongzhi in the 5th century CE, the Middle East and India.
Archimedes also devised a way to calculate the volume of an irregular object, by submerging it underwater and measure the difference between the initial and final water volume. The water volume difference is the volume of the object. Though highly popularized, Archimedes probably does not submerge the golden crown to find its volume, and thus its density and purity, due to the extreme precision involved. Instead, he likely has devised a primitive form of a hydrostatic balance. Here, the crown and a chunk of pure gold with a similar weight are put on both ends of a weighing scale submerged underwater, which will tip accordingly due to the Archimedes' principle.
Calculus and standardization of units
In the Middle Ages, many units for measuring volume were made, such as the sester, amber, coomb, and seam. The sheer quantity of such units motivated British kings to standardize them, culminated in the Assize of Bread and Ale statute in 1258 by Henry III of England. The statute standardized weight, length and volume as well as introduced the peny, ounce, pound, gallon and bushel. In 1618, the London Pharmacopoeia (medicine compound catalog) adopted the Roman gallon or congius as a basic unit of volume and gave a conversion table to the apothecaries' units of weight. Around this time, volume measurements are becoming more precise and the uncertainty is narrowed to between .
Around the early 17th century, Bonaventura Cavalieri applied the philosophy of modern integral calculus to calculate the volume of any object. He devised the Cavalieri's principle, which said that using thinner and thinner slices of the shape would make the resulting volume more and more accurate. This idea would then be later expanded by Pierre de Fermat, John Wallis, Isaac Barrow, James Gregory, Isaac Newton, Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz and Maria Gaetana Agnesi in the 17th and 18th centuries to form the modern integral calculus that is still being used in the 21st century.
Metrication and redefinitions
On 7 April 1795, the metric system was formally defined in French law using six units. Three of these are related to volume: the stère (1 m3) for volume of firewood; the litre (1 dm3) for volumes of liquid; and the gramme, for mass—defined as the mass of one cubic centimetre of water at maximum density, at about . Thirty years later in 1824, the imperial gallon was defined to be the volume occupied by ten pounds of water at . This definition was further refined until the United Kingdom's Weights and Measures Act 1985, which makes 1 imperial gallon precisely equal to 4.54609 liters with no use of water.
The 1960 redefinition of the meter from the International Prototype Metre to the orange-red emission line of krypton-86 atoms unbounded the meter, cubic meter, and liter from physical objects. This also make the meter and meter-derived units of volume resilient to changes to the International Prototype Metre. The meter definition was further redefined again in 1983 to use the speed of light and second (which is derived from the caesium standard) and reworded for clarity in 2019.
Measurement
The oldest way to roughly measure a volume of an object is using the human body, such as using hand size and pinches. However, the human body's variations make it extremely unreliable. A better way to measure volume is to use roughly consistent and durable containers found in nature, such as gourds, sheep or pig stomachs, and bladders. Later on, as metallurgy and glass production improved, small volumes nowadays are usually measured using standardized human-made containers. This method is common for measuring small volume of fluids or granular materials, by using a multiple or fraction of the container. For granular materials, the container is shaken or leveled off to form a roughly flat surface. This method is not the most accurate way to measure volume but is often used to measure cooking ingredients.
Air displacement pipette is used in biology and biochemistry to measure volume of fluids at the microscopic scale. Calibrated measuring cups and spoons are adequate for cooking and daily life applications, however, they are not precise enough for laboratories. There, volume of liquids is measured using graduated cylinders, pipettes and volumetric flasks. The largest of such calibrated containers are petroleum storage tanks, some can hold up to of fluids. Even at this scale, by knowing petroleum's density and temperature, very precise volume measurement in these tanks can still be made.
For even larger volumes such as in a reservoir, the container's volume is modeled by shapes and calculated using mathematics. The task of numerically computing the volume of objects is studied in the field of computational geometry in computer science, investigating efficient algorithms to perform this computation, approximately or exactly, for various types of objects. For instance, the convex volume approximation technique shows how to approximate the volume of any convex body using a membership oracle.
Units
The general form of a unit of volume is the cube (x3) of a unit of length. For instance, if the metre (m) is chosen as a unit of length, the corresponding unit of volume is the cubic metre (m3). Thus, volume is a SI derived unit and its unit dimension is L3. The metric units of volume uses metric prefixes, strictly in powers of ten. When applying prefixes to units of volume, which are expressed in units of length cubed, the cube operators are applied to the unit of length including the prefix. An example of converting cubic centimeter to cubic meter is: 2.3 cm3 = 2.3 (cm)3 = 2.3 (0.01 m)3 = 0.0000023 m3 (five zeros).
Commonly used prefixes for meter-based cubed length units are the cubic millimeter (mm3), cubic centimeter (cm3), cubic decimeter (dm3), cubic meter (m3) and the cubic kilometer (km3). The conversion between the prefix units are as follows: 1000 mm3 = 1 cm3, 1000 cm3 = 1 dm3, and 1000 dm3 = 1 m3. The metric system also includes the litre (L) as a unit of volume, where 1 L = 1 dm3 = 1000 cm3 = 0.001 m3. For liter units, the commonly used prefixes are the milliliter (mL), centiliter (cL), and the liter (L), with 1000 mL = 1 L, 10 mL = 1 cL, 10 cL = 1 dL, and 10 dL = 1 L.
Litres are most commonly used for items (such as fluids and solids that can be poured) which are measured by the capacity or size of their container, whereas cubic metres (and derived units) are most commonly used for items measured either by their dimensions or their displacements.
Various other imperial or U.S. customary units of volume are also in use, including:
cubic inch, cubic foot, cubic yard, acre-foot, cubic mile;
minim, drachm, fluid ounce, pint;
teaspoon, tablespoon;
gill, quart, gallon, barrel;
cord, peck, bushel, hogshead.
The smallest volume that can exist is the Planck volume (), derived from the Planck length () cubed. The smallest volume known to be occupied by matter is probably the proton, with its radius is known to be smaller than 1 femtometers. This means its volume must be smaller than , though the exact value is still under debate as of 2019 as the proton radius puzzle. The van der Waals volume of a hydrogen atom is far larger, which ranges from to as a sphere with a radius between 100 and 120 picometers. At the other end of the scale, the Earth has a volume of around . The largest possible volume in the observable universe is the observable universe itself, at by a sphere of in radius.
Capacity and volume
Capacity is the maximum amount of material that a container can hold, measured in volume or weight. However, the contained volume does not need to fill towards the container's capacity, or vice versa. Containers can only hold a specific amount of physical volume, not weight (excluding practical concerns). For example, a tank that can hold of fuel oil will not be able to contain the same of naphtha, due to naphtha's lower density and thus larger volume.
Calculation
Basic shapes
This is a list of volume formulas of basic shapes:
Cone – , where is the base's radius and is the cone's height;
Cube – , where is the side's length;
Cuboid – , where , , and are the sides' length;
Cylinder – , where is the base's radius and is the cone's height;
Ellipsoid – , where , , and are the semi-major and semi-minor axes' length;
Sphere – , where is the radius;
Parallelepiped – , where , , and are the sides' length,, and , , and are angles between the two sides;
Prism – , where is the base's area and is the prism's height;
Pyramid – , where is the base's area and is the pyramid's height;
Tetrahedron – , where is the side's length.
Integral calculus
The calculation of volume is a vital part of integral calculus. One of which is calculating the volume of solids of revolution, by rotating a plane curve around a line on the same plane. The washer or disc integration method is used when integrating by an axis parallel to the axis of rotation. The general equation can be written as:where and are the plane curve boundaries. The shell integration method is used when integrating by an axis perpendicular to the axis of rotation. The equation can be written as:The volume of a region D in three-dimensional space is given by the triple or volume integral of the constant function over the region. It is usually written as:
In cylindrical coordinates, the volume integral is
In spherical coordinates (using the convention for angles with as the azimuth and measured from the polar axis; see more on conventions), the volume integral is
Geometric modeling
A polygon mesh is a representation of the object's surface, using polygons. The volume mesh explicitly define its volume and surface properties.
Differential geometry
In differential geometry, a branch of mathematics, a volume form on a differentiable manifold is a differential form of top degree (i.e., whose degree is equal to the dimension of the manifold) that is nowhere equal to zero. A manifold has a volume form if and only if it is orientable. An orientable manifold has infinitely many volume forms, since multiplying a volume form by a non-vanishing function yields another volume form. On non-orientable manifolds, one may instead define the weaker notion of a density. Integrating the volume form gives the volume of the manifold according to that form.
An oriented pseudo-Riemannian manifold has a natural volume form. In local coordinates, it can be expressed as
where they are 1-forms that form a positively oriented basis for the cotangent bundle of the manifold, and is the determinant of the matrix representation of the metric tensor on the manifold in terms of the same basis.
Derived quantities
Density is the substance's mass per unit volume, or total mass divided by total volume.
Specific volume is total volume divided by mass, or the inverse of density.
The volumetric flow rate or discharge is the volume of fluid which passes through a given surface per unit time.
The volumetric heat capacity is the heat capacity of the substance divided by its volume.
The volume of a thermodynamic system is an important extensive parameter for describing its thermodynamic state.
See also
Baggage allowance
Banach–Tarski paradox
Dimensional weight
Dimensioning
Notes
References
External links
Seven Seas Voyager is a cruise ship for Regent Seven Seas Cruises headquartered in Miami, Florida. She entered service in 2003. Every cabin on board is a suite with a balcony. In 2006, a Forbes.com article listed the Asia leg of the Voyager'''s world cruise as the most expensive cruise in the Asia region.
Incidents
2010 accident
On 14 March 2010, as Seven Seas Voyager sailed out of Victoria Harbour in Hong Kong, it hit the back of a Star Ferry, known as Twinkling Star, and caused minor damage to the ferry. No one was injured.
2013 incident
On 3 February 2013, Jackie Kastrinelis, of Groveland, Massachusetts, was found dead inside her cabin on the Seven Seas Voyager'' in Darwin Harbour, Australia. The 24-year-old woman had been a crew member since 2011 and was the lead singer in the ship's musical show. Mysterious circumstances surround Jackie's death, including a head injury the night before during a rehearsal, medication given by a doctor on the ship, and romantic relationships with a few crew members. The official reasoning behind the death of Jackie Kastrinelis was "sudden unexplained death syndrome".
References
External links
Seven Seas Voyager at Regent Seven Seas Cruises website.
Cruise ships
2003 ships
Ships built by T. Mariotti
Ships built in Genoa
Andrei Yevgenyevich Solovtsov (; born 17 October 1967) is a former Russian professional footballer.
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Soviet First League in 1984 for FC Lokomotiv Moscow. He played 1 game in the UEFA Intertoto Cup 1998 for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Honours
Soviet Cup finalist: 1990.
References
1967 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Association football defenders
Soviet Union under-21 international footballers
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
FC Iskra Smolensk players
Sepalcure is a musical collaboration between Travis Stewart (better known as Machinedrum) and Praveen Sharma (better known as Braille). Their self-titled debut album, Sepalcure, was released in 2011 on the Hotflush Recordings label.
Discography
Love Pressure (EP) (2010), Hotflush Recordings
Fleur (EP) (2011), Hotflush Recordings
Sepalcure (2011), Hotflush Recordings
Make You (EP) (2013), Hotflush Recordings
Fight for Us (EP) (2015), Hotflush Recordings
Folding Time (2016), Hotflush Recordings
References
American electronic music groups
Post-dubstep music groups
Musical groups established in 2011
Electronic dance music duos
Hotflush Recordings artists
2011 establishments in the United States
The 2010–11 All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship was the eighth staging of the All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association.
On 13 February 2011, Meelin won the championship following a 0–12 to 1–5 defeat of John Locke's in the final.
Results
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
Final
References
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
2009
Claude Abraham de Tubières de Grimoard de Pestel de Lévis (c. 1672 - 1759) was a French military leader.
Born in Auvergne, he was the third son of the Henry de Tubières - Grimoard and Claude Fabert, daughter of Abraham II de Fabert, a Marshal of the Kingdom of France.
He was Lieutenant General of the Spanish Army in 1707, military governor at Extremadura, military governor at Zaragoza in 1718, military governor at Galicia in 1722, Captain General of Valencia, Captain General of the Royal Armies in 1734. He was promoted in 1716 to be a knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece.
In 1742, after serving for 35 years the interests of Spain, he received to the title of Duke of Caylus and of Grandee of Spain by King Philip V of Spain.
External links
http://www.grandesp.org.uk/historia/gzas/caylus.htm
http://www.grandesp.org.uk/historia/gzas/albuquerque.htm
1672 births
1759 deaths
People from Auvergne
101
Spanish generals
French military leaders
Grandees of Spain
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Spain
La Place is a Dutch restaurant chain, owned by Jumbo (taken over from the bankrupt department store giant V&D). La Place has about 100 restaurants in the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, Indonesia and the United States.
History
The first restaurant was opened on 17 September 1987 in Utrecht, Netherlands.
The first restaurant of the restaurant chain in Belgium was opened on 25 October 2007 in Antwerp. Another restaurant in Belgium opened in 2008. In March 2014 both were closed. In March 2010, a third La Place in Belgium opened on the second floor of the new mall K in Kortrijk. It was also closed in 2014.
In September and November 2013 two new La Place restaurants were opened in Germany. The first one opened in Zweibrücken while the second one opened in Metzingen (Now Closed). On 23 May 2014 a restaurant was opened on Bali. The restaurant is located at the airport Ngurah Rai. On 1 July 2014 a second restaurant was opened at the same airport. On 4 August 2014 a restaurant was opened in the office of Google Inc. in New York City.
On 31 December 2015 V&D and its daughter La Place went bankrupt but continued to operate on Dutch government funds. On 26 January 2016 Jumbo, a Dutch supermarket chain, announced that it had acquired La Place out of bankruptcy for an undisclosed amount of money.
Restaurants
Number of restaurants per country as of 1 November 2021
References
External links
Restaurant chains in the Netherlands
Companies based in Utrecht (province)
Nieuwegein
The Chinese Academy of Tropical Agricultural Sciences (CATAS) () is an agricultural university located in Haikou City, Hainan Province, China.
The academy was founded in 1954 in Guangzhou. It later moved to Danzhou, Hainan, and then to its current location in the south part of Haikou, beside the Hainan Medical College. Today, the academy has more than 3,000 staff members, 2,000 of which are involved in research work.
References
External links
Official Website
Universities and colleges in Hainan
Organizations based in Haikou
1954 establishments in China
Mario Wickus Olivier (born 3 November 1982 in Pretoria) is a South African cricketer who played first-class cricket from 2005 to 2012.
In December 2007 he became the third South African to take 10 wickets in a first-class innings when he took 10 for 65 for Warriors against Eagles. Eagles nevertheless won by 10 wickets, so Olivier took all their wickets that fell in the match. Five of his victims were out leg before wicket.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Cricketers from Pretoria
South African cricketers
Boland cricketers
Warriors cricketers
Border cricketers
Cricketers who have taken ten wickets in an innings
Leonid Vladimirovich Nikolayev (, August 13, 1878October 11, 1942) was a Russian/Soviet pianist, composer and pedagogue.
Biography
Nikolayev was born in Kiev in 1878. He studied at the Moscow Conservatory with Sergei Taneyev and Mikhail Ippolitov-Ivanov. For many years Nikolayev was a professor of piano at the Leningrad Conservatoire, and was for a short and unsuccessful period director of the institution. His students at the Conservatory included Vladimir Sofronitsky, Maria Yudina, Dmitri Shostakovich, Vera Razumovskaya, Nathan Perelman, Wiktor Labunski, Vera Vinogradova, Samary Savshinsky, Nadia Reisenberg, Alexander Zakin.
He became close friends with Shostakovich—Shostakovich "admired him as a first-class musician and a man of great wisdom and learning" and also said of him: "He trained not simply pianists, but in the first place thinking musicians. He didn't create a school in the specific sense of some single narrow professional direction. He shaped and nurtured a broad aesthetic trend in the sphere of pianistic art." Shostakovich's 1943 Piano Sonata No. 2 was dedicated to his former teacher.
Nikolayev was evacuated to Tashkent along with other musicians, after Germany invaded Russia in 1941, and died there in 1942.
His compositional output includes symphonic works, choral works, string quartets, and solo works for violin, cello, and piano.
Notes
References
Shostakovich, Dmitri and Glikman, Isaak (2001). Story of a Friendship: The Letters of Dmitry Shostakovich to Isaak Glikman. Cornell University Press. .
Baker's Biographical Dictionary of 20th Century Classical Musicians
External links
1878 births
1942 deaths
Russian classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Russian music educators
Russian composers
Russian male composers
Saint Petersburg Conservatory academic personnel
Piano pedagogues
KUYI 88.1 FM, is a Native American Public Radio station in Keams Canyon, Arizona. The station, founded in 2000, primarily features locally produced programming for the Hopi, Tewa, and Navajo Native American tribal residents, surrounding communities in Northern Arizona, the Four Corners areas and streaming worldwide. Other network programming is provided by Native Voice One. Top of the hour news updates from National Public Radio are aired Monday through Friday. Its musical programming is a mix of traditional Hopi and modern music.
As of August 2012, KUYI was broadcasting to an audience estimated at 9,000 people. Its programs include a junior and senior high school class that broadcasts in Hopi, a morning Sunday show aimed at small children, and cultural discussions for adults that are held according to the lunar calendar, in keeping with Hopi tradition.
The station's name, Kuyi, is also the Hopi word for "water." A language revitalization project, The Shooting Stars Hopi Lavayi Radio Project, has been developed with the Polacca Head Start Center, broadcasting in the First Mesa Dialect for students.
As of 2009, all programs were produced by Hopi tribal members. Other local programming has included a weekly teen program by students of Hopi High School, and a health program in partnership with the Hopi Health Care Center. In 2007, the station began presenting Annual "Listeners' Choice" awards. The categories for 2010 were: Best Traditional Artist, Best Female Artist, Best Male Artist, and Best Contemporary Artist; the awards celebration was held at the Hopi Cultural Center.
The station played an important role in emergency response in 2010, due to its "69,000 watt signal [that] echoes across the canyons and bounces off the mesas that make up the 1.5 million acre reservation." In January 2010, the Hopi reservation was without power for two days as the result of a winter storm. KUYI stayed on the air, even when larger radio stations in Flagstaff, Arizona were not operational, and provided emergency information to four counties.
Floods in July 2010 left the First Mesa Consolidated Villages without potable water or sewage. KUYI was able to keep its listeners informed for the three days it took for water trucks to arrive.
References
External links
KUYI: Official Website
KUYI: Facebook
KUYI: Twitter
Native American radio
UYI
KUYI
Native American language revitalization
Hopi culture
UYI
Navajo mass media
Hopi
Tewa
2000 establishments in Arizona
Radio stations established in 2000
The Field Elm cultivar Ulmus minor 'Sarniensis', known variously as Guernsey Elm, Jersey Elm, Wheatley Elm, or Southampton Elm, was first described by MacCulloch in 1815 from trees on Guernsey, and was planted in the Royal Horticultural Society's gardens in the 1820s. It was listed in the Loddiges catalogue of 1836 as Ulmus sarniensis and by Loudon in Hortus lignosus londinensis (1838) as U. campestris var. sarniensis. The origin of the tree remains obscure; Richens believed it "a mutant of a French population of Field elm", noting that "elms of similar leaf-form occur in Cotentin and in northern Brittany. They vary much in habit but some have a tendency to pyramidal growth. Whether the distinctive habit first developed on the mainland or in Guernsey is uncertain."
Melville, believing the cultivar a hybrid between Cornish Elm U. minor 'Stricta' and Dutch Elm Ulmus × hollandica, adopted the name U. × sarniensis (Loud.) Bancroft. Its clonal origin is (to date) suspected rather than proved, but the apparent uniformity of this taxon makes it likely to be a clone. A number of specimens in northern Britain were DNA-tested in 2013 by Forest Research, Roslin, Midlothian, and were found to be the same clone. Arguing in a 2002 paper that there was no clear distinction between species and subspecies, and suggesting that known or suspected clones of U. minor, once cultivated and named, should be treated as cultivars, Dr Max Coleman of Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh preferred the designation U. minor 'Sarniensis'.
Guernsey Elm was often misnamed 'Cornish Elm' in the UK by the local authorities who planted it extensively. It was sometimes confused in continental Europe with the similar 'Monumentalis'. ('Sarniensis' is known as monumentaaliep [:monumental elm] in The Netherlands.)
Description
The tree has a compact, columnar form, not dissimilar to the Lombardy Poplar. Rarely exceeding a height of 27 m, the tree has long stiff ascending branches forming a narrow pyramidal crown. Older specimens broaden round the 'waist', giving trees with a tapering crown a Chianti-flask shape. Like Cornish elm, a narrow-crowned elm from the same area, Guernsey elm is one of the last British trees to come into leaf, and it retains its dark, lustrous foliage into early winter. In favourable conditions it turns a rich golden-yellow in late November or early December. The small leaves and samarae are similar to those of the Field Elm group in general. Like others of the group, the tree suckers very freely, though it is often base-grafted on wych elm to prevent suckering. The tree often develops highly distinctive cancerous burls on its branches or trunk.
Pests and diseases
Guernsey Elm is very susceptible to Dutch elm disease.
Cultivation
With its light, upcurving branches, Guernsey Elm never became a danger, unlike English Elm, which sometimes shed heavy lateral boughs. This fact, and its compact form, made it ideal for street planting. The tree was popular in Britain, where it was widely cultivated. Dutch elm disease has, however, now destroyed nearly all the mature trees in England save a few in Brighton, Bridlington, Peasholm Park, Scarborough and a single tree in Skegness. Around a hundred mature specimens still survive in Edinburgh, Scotland (2013). It was introduced to Osborne House on the Isle of Wight by Albert the Prince Consort, where it survives today as suckers along the lane leading to Barton Manor Farm. Guernsey Elm was also planted in large numbers across Amsterdam, but eventually replaced by the similarly fastigiate but much more disease-resistant clone, 'Columella'.
One tree, supplied by the Späth nursery, was planted in 1897 as U. campestris sarniensis at the Dominion Arboretum, Ottawa, Canada. 'Sarniensis' was introduced to the United States, featuring in the 1904 catalogue of Frederick W. Kelsey as Ulmus Wheatlyi. In the catalogue of the Plumfield Nursery of Fremont, Nebraska, 1934, its origin was given as Holland. It was described as "a round-headed tree with small glossy leaves, [which] hybridized with American White Elm" (:Ulmus americana), a crossing that would seem unlikely given the ploidy differences. 'Sarniensis' remains in cultivation in the Morton Arboretum. The Ulmus monumentalis introduced to Australia in 1873 is thought to have been 'Sarniensis'.
Notable trees
Elwes considered the Richmond public gardens 'Wheatley', c.90 ft. tall, the finest he had seen. Among the largest surviving specimens of Guernsey Elm in the UK are one in Warriston Cemetery, Edinburgh (2017), bole-girth 3 m, and the one in Preston Park, Brighton. The latter is 34 m tall with a trunk 115 cm d.b.h. (diameter at breast height) in 2006, part of a line of trees averaging 30 m in height planted circa 1880. As of June 2020, the specimen beside the cafe in Blakers Park, Brighton, has become the 'national champion', according to the National Elm Collection, following the felling of the Preston Park specimen. The tallest on record in the UK stands on Paradise Drive, Eastbourne and had a height of 36 m in 2007.
In North America, the tree lines West 10th Avenue, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Etymology
The tree is named for the Channel Island of Guernsey (Sarnia was the Roman name for Guernsey), where it may have originated. A similar tree is found along the Brittany coast, referred to in several 18th and 19th century French treatises as l'Orme male owing to its phallic resemblance; it is still sometimes referred to as the Male Elm in Guernsey, although no mature trees survive there either. The synonym Wheatley Elm was derived from a tree planted at Wheatley Park, Doncaster, where it was introduced and propagated by Sir William Cooke in the early 19th century. The earliest known use of the name Wheatley Elm occurs in the 1869 catalogue of Simon-Louis, Metz. The tree was also raised in great numbers at the Rogers nursery in Southampton in the late 1800s, which probably explains the synonym Southampton Elm. Although the tree is also known as the Jersey Elm, its introduction from Guernsey has been clearly chronicled. Wilkinson (1978) mentions that some botanists distinguished between 'var. wheatleyi''' and 'Jersey Elm', presumably the result of slight mutations in the course of repeated propagation.
Varieties
Some authorities consider 'Dickson's Golden Elm' a form of Guernsey Elm. The nursery Messieurs Otin père et fils of Saint-Étienne sold an Ulmus Wheatleyi aurea pyramidalis, with leaves marbled yellow, in 1882.
Accessions
North America
Holden Arboretum, US. as U. × Sarniensis. Acc. no. 56-185.
Morton Arboretum, US. as U. carpinifolia 'Sarniensis'. Acc. nos. 591-22, 212-40, 1043-41, all garden collected.
Smith College, US. as U. carpinifolia 'Sarniensis'. Acc. no. 8120PA.
United States National Arboretum, Washington, D.C., US. One small tree imported 2011. No accession details available.
Europe
Brighton & Hove City Council, UK. NCCPG Elm Collection. Including the world's best line at Preston Park; with fine avenues at Surrenden Crescent, Elm Grove, Shirley Drive, Carden Hill. This species is still planted in the city.
Grange Farm Arboretum , Sutton St James, Spalding, Lincs., UK. Acc. no. 832.
National Botanic Gardens , Glasnevin, Dublin, Ireland. Location: A3 (153)
Wakehurst Place Garden, Wakehurst Place, UK. As U. × Sarniensis. Acc. nos. 1977-67, 1977-68, collected by Melville.
Wijdemeren City Council, Netherlands, Elm Arboretum; 2 trees planted 2019, Overmeerseweg, Nederhorst den Berg.
Australasia
Eastwoodhill Arboretum , Gisborne, New Zealand. 1 tree (as U. minor 'Sarniensis'), details not known.
Nurseries
North America
None known.
Europe
Noordplant , Glimmen, Netherlands.
References
External links
Jobling & Mitchell, 'Field Recognition of British Elms', Forestry Commission Booklet
"Herbarium specimen 308672, herbariaunited.org" Sheet labelled U. campestris var. Wheatleyi, Guernsey Elm, Kew Gardens specimen, 1909; A. Ley
Sheet described as U. angustifolia var. sarniensis'', Jersey, 1958
New leaves and samara of "Wheatleyi", Banbury Rd, Oxford, 1936
New leaves and samarae of "Wheatleyi", Wraxall, Somerset, 1936
Ulmus
Flora of Great Britain
Trees of Europe
Plant subspecies
Field elm cultivar
Ulmus articles with images
Ulmus Edinburgh Spath 1902
Garstang and Catterall railway station served as the interchange between the Garstang and Knot-End Railway and the London and North Western Railway, in Lancashire, England. The station was in the parish of Barnacre-with-Bonds, close to the village of Catterall, adjacent to the Lancaster Canal, and opposite the Kenlis Arms Pub.
This station was on the Lancaster and Preston Junction Railway (now part of the West Coast Main Line) between Preston and Lancaster. It opened on 26 June 1840, originally named Garstang Station. It was the last of the stations between Preston and Lancaster to close, on 3 February 1969.
The station had a platform for each direction of the main line, and a third platform for the single-track branch line to Pilling and Knott End.
References
Disused railway stations in the Borough of Wyre
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1840
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1969
Beeching closures in England
Former London and North Western Railway stations
Pape Sow (pronounced "Pop So"; born 22 November 1981) is a Senegalese former professional basketball player who played for the Toronto Raptors of the NBA and for several European and Asian teams.
College career
Sow is fluent in three different languages, English, French, and his native Wolof. Sow attended college at California State University, Fullerton, in California, United States, where he was named 2nd Team All-Big West Conference in 2002.
Pro career
Sow was drafted by the Miami Heat in the second round, 47th selection, of the 2004 NBA Draft. The draft rights to Sow were acquired by the Toronto Raptors (along with a 2005 second round pick from the Heat) for the draft rights to center Albert Miralles, the 39th overall pick.
Sow played his NBA rookie season for the Raptors and showed considerable promise with his athleticism and aggressiveness in the paint although only netting 2.3 points, 2.1 rebounds and 0.1 assists per game.
After missing the entire 2005-06 pre-season play with a groin injury and playing one game with Toronto in the regular season, he was assigned to the Arkansas RimRockers of the D-League on 20 November 2005, with whom he wowed fans by posting a 40-point, 14-rebound performance on 27 November in a 112-102 road win against the Fort Worth Flyers. In a 108-101 win against the Austin Toros on 23 December, Sow scored an outstanding double-double of 27 points and a D-League season-high 24 rebounds.
On 18 January 2006, Sow was called up to the Raptors by then-general manager Rob Babcock. Initially, head coach Sam Mitchell said in a radio interview that "I have no minutes for Pape Sow. We have no injuries. He's going to practice with us, he's going to be with the team. But I have no minutes for (Sow)." However, due to a shoulder injury to center Rafael Araujo (who also suffered from poor play prior to the injury), Sow was able to get regular playing time.
On the first day of the 2006 Summer League season, Sow broke a vertebra during practice after driving to the hoop and falling to the ground while colliding with a teammate. Sow returned to action on 22 January 2007, playing the final 3 minutes and scoring 3 points in a game against the Charlotte Bobcats.
Sow signed with Armani Jeans (Olimpia Milano) in July 2008, and later he returned to Asseco Prokom Gdynia for the 2009-10 season. He parted ways with Gdynia in December 2009.
In January 2010, Sow signed a contract with Meridiano Alicante in Spain, but the contract was terminated by mutual consent in December 2010. He then signed a temporary contract with Caja Laboral.
In 2012, he signed with Amchit of Lebanon.
References
External links
NBA.com: Pape Sow's bio
NBA.com: Pape Sow's D-League bio
Euroleague.net Player Profile
ACB.com: Pape Sow's bio
Sow in action as the RimRockers defeated the Austin Toros on December 23 2005
Sow commented on by the RimRockers teammate Clay Tucker during his interview on January 6 2006
Sow and Andre Barrett interviewed on April 6 2006
"Broken neck, intact spirit", Toronto Star
1981 births
Living people
Arkansas RimRockers players
Asseco Gdynia players
Basketball players from Dakar
Cal State Fullerton Titans men's basketball players
CB Lucentum Alicante players
Chaffey Panthers men's basketball players
Expatriate basketball people in Iran
Joventut Badalona players
Liga ACB players
Mahram Tehran BC players
Miami Heat draft picks
National Basketball Association players from Senegal
Power forwards (basketball)
Saski Baskonia players
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in Canada
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in Italy
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in Poland
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in Spain
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in the United States
Toronto Raptors players
The 1962–63 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team represented the University of Kansas during the 1962–63 college men's basketball season.
Roster
George Unseld
Nolen Ellison
Harry Gibson
Jim Dumas
Dave Schichtle
Al Correll
John Matt
Kerry Bolton
Dave Brill
Loye Sparks
Jay Roberts
Robert Buddy Vance
Richard Ruggles
Jim Gough
Pete Townsend
Schedule
References
Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball seasons
Kansas
Kansas
Kansas
Danish Canadians (Danish: Dansk-canadiere) are Canadian citizens of Danish ancestry. According to the 2006 Census, there were 200,035 Canadians with Danish background, 17,650 of whom were born in Denmark.
Canada became an important destination for the Danes during the post-war period. At one point, a Canadian immigration office was to be set up in Copenhagen. While most of the post-war immigrants settled in large cities, Danish-Canadian communities can be found in all of Canada's ten provinces.
The oldest Danish community in Canada is New Denmark, New Brunswick, first inhabited by Danish immigrants in 1872.
History
Notable Danish Canadians
Earl W. Bascom – rodeo pioneer, artist, inventor, actor, Canada's Sports Hall of Fame inductee
Karen Bulow – textile artist
Erik Christensen – NHL player from the New York Rangers
Hayden Christensen – actor (Danish paternal grandparents)
Scott Frandsen – Olympic athlete
Ann Hansen – former anarchist
Glenna Hansen – Inuvialuit politician
Rick Hansen – paraplegic athlete
Valdy/Valdemar Horsdal – Singer-Songwriter
Carly Rae Jepsen – pop singer
K.V. Johansen – writer
Rasmus Lerdorf – programmer
Erik Nielsen – Deputy Prime Minister of Canada from 1984 to 1986
Leslie Nielsen – actor and comedian (Danish father)
Robert Nielsen – journalist
Alf Erling Porsild – botanist
Knud Simonsen – inventor, industrialist, entrepreneur
Luke Skaarup – strength athlete, strongman
Lauren Southern – political activist (Danish father)
Jens Haven – Missionary and Settler
See also
References
Danish
Danish diaspora
Danish
This page details the match results and statistics of the Argentina national football team from 2000 to 2019.
Key
Key to matches
Att.=Match attendance
(H)=Home ground
(A)=Away ground
(N)=Neutral ground
Key to record by opponent
Pld=Games played
W=Games won
D=Games drawn
L=Games lost
GF=Goals for
GA=Goals against
Results
Argentina's score is shown first in each case.
Notes
Record by opponent
References
Argentina national football team results
2000s in Argentine sport
2010s in Argentine sport
The Diocese of the Holy Cross (DHC) is a constituent diocese of the Anglican Catholic Church, a continuing Anglican church body in the United States. Unlike most dioceses, it is not geographically defined.
History
The DHC was formed by clergy and parishes belonging to the Anglican Province of Christ the King (APCK) following a disagreement with the APCK over the election of a divorced and remarried priest to be a bishop in the church. The diocese has steadily grown since its founding and now has 22 parishes and missions in 12 states. In addition, a DHC priest serves a mission of the Anglican Catholic Church in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, and another serves in the Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth (Southern Cone).
At their joint synod in September, 2021, the DHC became a constituent diocese of the Anglican Catholic Church.
Relations with other continuing Anglican jurisdictions
The DHC was a member of the Federation of Anglican Churches in the Americas, of Forward in Faith UK, and maintains friendly relations with other continuing churches.
Leadership
The current bishop of the Diocese of the Holy Cross is Paul Hewett, based at the Anglican Cathedral Church of the Epiphany, Columbia, South Carolina. The assisting bishop is Timothy Farmer, former rector of St. Francis' Church, Spartanburg, South Carolina. Until his death in 2009, Patrick Murphy served as retired bishop in residence and rector of St. Peter's Anglican Church in Houston, Texas.
The diocese's founding bishop, Robert Waggener, unsuccessfully sought to lead the diocese into the Eastern Orthodox Church. Meeting with little support, Waggener left Anglicanism to become a Western-Rite Orthodox priest in the Antiochian Orthodox Christian Archdiocese of North America.
The Cathedral of the Diocese of the Holy Cross is the Church of the Epiphany, located in Columbia, South Carolina.
See also
Anglican Fellowship of the Delaware Valley
References
External links
Diocese of the Holy Cross website
Continuing Anglican denominations
Anglican denominations in North America
Anglicanism in the United States
Ferdinando Carabba Tettamanti (born January 5, 1944 in Rome) is an Italian lawyer.
Biography
Graduated 1967 with J.D. in Law from the University of Rome “La Sapienza”.
For thirty years was a core partner at the Law Firm Studio Carnelutti, Rome.
In 2006 he founded a new law firm, Carabba & Partners, with head office in Rome, via dei Condotti, 91, with over 30 professionals.
In February of the same year, Mr. Carabba formed an alliance with Studio Carnelutti of Milan, and through him the two branches (the Rome and Milan offices) of the historic Studio Carnelutti, founded at the end of the 19th century by Prof. Francesco Carnelutti, were reunited.
Mr. Carabba is the legal consultant for leading Italian and foreign industrial and banking groups.
Offices held
Carabba sits on several Boards of Directors of important Italian and foreign corporations.
References
Italia Oggi
External links
Carabba & Partners international law firm
1944 births
Living people
20th-century Italian lawyers
21st-century Italian lawyers
Anteos menippe, the great orange tip or orange-tipped angled-sulphur, is a neotropical butterfly of the family Pieridae.
Distribution and habitat
This species is present from Mexico to South America. These butterflies can be found in Colombia, Venezuela, Brazil, Ecuador, Peru and Panama. They prefer lowland areas and riverbanks.
Description
Anteos menippe can reach a wingspan of . In these fairly large butterflies the upperside of the males is pale yellow with pale orange (sometimes pink orange) large markings on the pointed forewing tips (as the common name suggests), with two dark brown spots and a dark brown border. Both sexes have a cryptic pale yellow to pale green leaf-like underside, with a pink disc dot on the front and rear wings. The females have two forms, one similar to the male and the other white, with black markings on the forewing edges. The underwings have several odd shaped orange markings.
Biology
Caterpillars of Anteos menippe feed on plants of the Brassicaceae and Fabaceae (Cassia). Adults feed on the nectar of Cassia species. They are migrant along rivers.
Bibliography
G. Lamas (2008) Checklist of Pieridae of the World
Lamas, G., C. Callaghan, M. M. Casagrande, O. Mielke, T. Pyrcz, R. Robbins and A. Viloria (2004) Checklist: Part 4A, Hesperioidea -- Papilionoidea, in Atlas of Neotropical Lepidoptera. Association for Tropical Lepidoptera/Scientific Publishers, Gainesville, Florida.
Ferrer-Paris, J.R., J.P. Rodríguez, T.C. Good, A.Y. Sánchez-Mercado, K.M. Rodríguez-Clark, G.A. Rodríguez & A. Solís (2013) Systematic, large-scale national biodiversity surveys: NeoMaps as a model for tropical regions, Diversity and Distributions. 19, 215–231
Robinson, G. S., P. R. Ackery, I. J. Kitching, G. W. Beccaloni & L. M. Hernández (2010) HOSTS - A Database of the World's Lepidopteran Hostplants. Natural History Museum, London.
Hübner (1818) Samml. exot. Schmett. 1:pl [147], f 1-2
References
Coliadinae
Butterflies of North America
Pieridae of South America
Fauna of the Amazon
Butterflies described in 1818
Several plant taxa contain the word macrantha, meaning "large-flowered":
Infrageneric taxa
Cypripedium sect. Macrantha, a group of slipper orchids in the genus Cypripedium
Acer sect. Macrantha, a group of maples in the genus Acer
Papaver sect. Macrantha, a group of poppies in the genus Papaver
See also
Kojur (, also Romanized as Kujur; also known as Baladeh-ye Kujūr, Kujūr, Dehe Kujūr) is a city in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,215, in 570 families. The city was founded by the Paduspanid ruler Eskandar II.
See also
Kojur River
References
Populated places in Nowshahr County
Cities in Mazandaran Province
The Summer of Flying Fish () is a Chilean-French film directed by Marcela Said.
The film premiered in the Directors' Fortnight at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. Starring Gregory Cohen, Francisca Walker, María Izquierdo, Roberto Cayuqueo and Bastián Bodenhöfer.
Plot
Manena is on vacation in the south of Chile with her father Francisco, a capitalist landowner and wildlife hunter. Francisco is obsessed with eliminating the carp fish in his aquaculture, resorting to increasingly extreme methods such as using explosives. Manena seems to be the only one who perceives the growing tension her father's actions provoke in the local Mapuche community, who claim access to these lands.
Brief Review
The Chilean female director, Marcela Said, very delicately handles the theme of the storyline based on the long-standing conflict between the native Mapuche and the white landowners of European descent, and very skillfully depicts the drama and emotion in the film in a lifelike reality, which is further complemented by her choice of actors who have no experience in film acting. The overall effect of the film is a blend of both fiction and non-fiction. Apart from making an effort to give the story a graphic touch, the director appears to have tried bringing to light the gross injustice meted out by the rich white settlers to the native South American Mapuche tribesmen.
The film based on a socio-political theme may draw a distinctive section of the cinema crowd but not much on the commercial market.
The debut directorial venture of ex-documentary director, however, has had some critical reviews too on the media coverage following the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. Although very successful in building up on-the-edge-of-your-seat sequences, the movie suffers from poor narrative, shallow characterization and vague motivation.
Cast
Gregory Cohen – Francisco
Francisca Walker – Manena
María Izquierdo – Teresa
Roberto Cayuqueo – Pedro
Bastián Bodenhöfer – Carlos
Guillermo Lorca – Lorca
Paola Lattus – Ester
Emilia Lara – Isidora
Enrique Soto – Nacho
See also
Cinema of Chile
References
External links
2013 films
2010s Spanish-language films
Chilean comedy-drama films
French comedy-drama films
2010s French films
The Iowa State Cyclones softball team represents Iowa State University (ISU) and competes in the Big 12 Conference of NCAA Division I. The team is coached by Jamie Pinkerton, he is in his 5th year at Iowa State. The Cyclones play their home games at the Cyclone Sports Complex on Iowa State's campus.
History
The Cyclones had put together a women's softball team by 1971 and appeared in two of the early AIAW Women's College World Series in 1971 and 1973. In 1971 the Cyclones advanced to the championship final series against John F. Kennedy College, before bowing out with two losses, 6-0 and 4-0. In 1974, under coach Gloria Crosby, the team got off to a strong start, winning two Big Eight Championships in four years.
Iowa State continued their strong start into the 1980s under Head Coach Deb Kuhn. In 1987 the Cyclones made their first ever appearance in the Top 20 culminating in Coach Kuhn being named Big Eight Coaches of the Year. The following year Iowa State made their first run in program history in the NCAA Tournament.
The transition from the Big Eight to the Big 12 has proved difficult for the Cyclones. The team has not won more than six conference games in any season since joining the conference. The most wins overall in a single season since the start of the Big 12 is 29.
Jamie Trachsel was the coach of the Cyclones for the 2017 season. She led them to a 23-35 overall record and their best conference standing since 1994. At the conclusion of the season she left the Cyclones to coach the Minnesota Gophers.
The team is currently coached by Jamie Pinkerton, he is in his 5th year at Iowa State.
Record
Individual accomplishments
Olympians
All-Americans
|-
| 2021 || Sami Williams|| First Team
|}
Facilities
The Cyclones play their home games at the $13 million Cyclone Sports Complex that opened in 2012. Some of the state-of-the-art facility's amenities are home and away locker rooms, officials' locker rooms, team meeting rooms, athletic training room, and a seating capacity of 1,500.
References
The grey whistler (Pachycephala simplex) or brown whistler, is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae. It is found in northern Australia and New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical mangrove forest.
Subspecies
Eleven subspecies are recognized:
P. s. rufipennis – Gray, GR, 1858: Originally described as a separate species. Found on the Kai Islands (southwest of New Guinea)
P. s. gagiensis – Stresemann & Paludan, 1932: Found on Gagi Island (northwest of New Guinea)
P. s. waigeuensis – Mayr, 1940: Found on Waigeo and Gebe Island (west of New Guinea)
P. s. griseiceps – Gray, GR, 1858: Originally described as a separate species. Found on western Papuan islands, Aru Islands and northwest New Guinea
P. s. miosnomensis – Salvadori, 1879: Originally described as a separate species. Found on Meos Num (Geelvink Bay northwest of New Guinea)
P. s. jobiensis – Meyer, AB, 1874: Found on north-central New Guinea and Yapen Island
P. s. perneglecta – Hartert, 1930: Found on southern New Guinea
P. s. brunnescens – Wolters, 1980: Found on southeastern New Guinea and D'Entrecasteaux Archipelago
P. s. sudestensis – (De Vis, 1892): Originally described as a separate species in the genus Eopsaltria. Found on Louisiade Archipelago
P. s. peninsulae – Hartert, 1899: Originally described as a separate species. Found in north-eastern Australia
P. s. simplex – Gould, 1843: Found in northern Australia and Melville Island
References
grey whistler
Birds of New Guinea
grey whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Damir Šolman (born 7 September 1948) is a Croatian former professional basketball player.
Professional career
Šolman was a FIBA European Selection, in 1974.
National team career
Šolman competed with the senior Yugoslavian national basketball team in the 1968 Summer Olympics, the 1972 Summer Olympics, and in the 1976 Summer Olympics (where he was the team's captain), With the Yugoslav national team, he played in 226 caps, and scored 1,785 points.
See also
Yugoslav First Federal Basketball League career stats leaders
References
1948 births
Living people
Basketball players at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Croatian men's basketball players
KK Split players
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Olympic silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Yugoslav men's basketball players
1970 FIBA World Championship players
1974 FIBA World Championship players
Basketball players from Zagreb
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Competitors at the 1967 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 1971 Mediterranean Games
Small forwards
FIBA World Championship-winning players
Mediterranean Games medalists in basketball
Mornington Crescent is a London Underground station in Somers Town in north west London, named after the nearby street. The station is on the Charing Cross branch of the Northern line, between and . It is in Travelcard Zone 2.
The station was opened as part of the original route of the Charing Cross, Euston & Hampstead Railway (now the Charing Cross branch of the Northern line) on 22 June 1907. The surface building was designed by the Underground Electric Railways Company of London's (UERL's) architect Leslie Green in the Modern Style (British Art Nouveau style). Prior to the station's opening, the name of "Seymour Street" had been proposed. After opening, it was little used. For many years it was open only on weekdays, and before 1966 Edgware-bound trains passed through without stopping.
Location
The station is situated at the southern end of Camden High Street, where it meets Hampstead Road and Eversholt Street. This junction forms the north-western corner of the boundary of Somers Town, with Camden Town situated to the north and Regent's Park Estate to the south of the station.
The station's location on the Northern line is unusual due to the dual-branch nature of that line. On the branch, Mornington Crescent is between and . The City branch also runs from Camden Town to Euston, but via tunnels which take an entirely different route to the Charing Cross branch and which do not pass through Mornington Crescent. Although modern-day tube maps show Mornington Crescent to the west of the City branch tunnels, it is actually to the east of them: the two branches cross over each other at Euston, so that between Euston and Camden Town, the City branch tunnels run to the west of the Charing Cross branch on which Mornington Crescent is situated. Harry Beck's 1933 tube map represented this correctly.
Closure and reopening
On 23 October 1992 the station was shut so that the then 85-year-old lifts could be replaced. The intention was to open it within one year. However, due to lack of funding and the state of neglect, the station remained closed for 6 years.
A concerted campaign to reopen the station was launched, with pressure from Camden Council, and assistance from the popular BBC Radio 4 panel game I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue. The show frequently features the game Mornington Crescent, which takes its name from the station.
During the station's rebuilding, the original distinctive light blue tiling pattern was restored to the station (though taking into account modern fire safety requirements). The ticket hall was reconstructed and the original emergency stairs closed. A second lift shaft was converted (losing the unnecessary extra two lifts) into a staircase on one side and a series of station facilities on the other.
After substantial refurbishment, the station was reopened on 27 April 1998 by the regular cast of I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue (Humphrey Lyttelton, Barry Cryer, Tim Brooke-Taylor and Graeme Garden). A memorial plaque to the late Willie Rushton, one of the longest-serving panelists, was installed at the station in 2002.
Since its 1998 reopening, the station has been open at the same times as most other stations, including weekends, in an attempt to relieve the pressure on the increasingly busy nearby station.
In popular culture
In film
The station was used as a location for the anthology film Tube Tales (1999).
It was portrayed in the film Honest (2000), although the station actually used was Aldwych.
In Allt flyter (2008), Sara meets her mother (who has moved there from Sweden for a sportscasting job) outside the station during a Christmas trip to London.
In radio
Mornington Crescent is a spoof game, featured since the 1970s in the BBC Radio 4 comedy panel show I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue, which satirises complicated strategy games. A Comic Heritage blue plaque honouring Willie Rushton, one of the show's longest-serving panelists, was installed within the station in 2002. It is located behind the ticket barrier at the top of the stairs to the platform.
In literature
China Miéville mentions this station and its long state of disuse during the 1990s in his novel King Rat (1998), also using it as scene of a brutal murder by dismemberment via a passing train.
In The Atrocity Archives (2004) by Charles Stross, the secret main entrance to the extremely secret Government establishment (the "Laundry") which the protagonist Bob Howard works for is situated in the gentlemen's toilets of Mornington Crescent tube station.
In Christopher Fowler's "Bryant & May" mysteries, the offices of the Peculiar Crimes Unit are above Mornington Crescent tube station.
Mornington Crescent is used by Robert Rankin in many of his novels as the home of the Ministry of Serendipity, a fictional agency whose main activity is to ensure the British Empire rules the globe, the top secret nature of the ministry being the main reason why the station was only open on weekdays and closed for "repairs" for much of the 1990s.
In music
Belle & Sebastian released a song entitled "Mornington Crescent" on their 2006 album, The Life Pursuit.
My Life Story's 1995 album Mornington Crescent takes its name from the station, featuring photos in its sleeve notes.
The promotional video for "Be There" by Unkle was filmed in this station.
Connections
London Buses routes 24, 27, 29, 46, 134, 168, 214, 253 and 274 and night routes N5, N20, N28, N29, N31, N253 and N279 serve the station.
Gallery
See also
Mornington Crescent (street), the 1820s terrace after which the tube station is named
References
External links
London Transport Museum Photographic Archive
Northern line stations
Tube stations in the London Borough of Camden
Former Charing Cross, Euston and Hampstead Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1907
Camden Town
Leslie Green railway stations
London Underground Night Tube stations
Railway stations located underground in the United Kingdom
Kui may refer to:
People
Kui people, a Mon-Khmer ethnic minority
Kui Lee, a singer-songwriter
People with the surname Kui (奎)
Kui Yuanyuan, a Chinese gymnast
Places
Kui, Hiroshima, a Japanese town
Kawau Island Airport, IATA code KUI, on Kawau Island
Astronomy
KUI 91AB, a variable star of Delta Cephei type
KUI 93AB, an eclipsing binary of Algol variable type
Other uses
Kui (Chinese mythology) 夔, a one-legged mountain demon, also legendary inventor of music and dance
Kui (dragonball), a manga character
Kui (music), comes from Kazakh language
Kui (Māori mythology), a chthonic Māori demigod, also father of Vahi-vero in Tuamotu mythology
Kui kuningas nutab, a 1997 song by Terminaator
Kui language (India), a Dravidian language spoken by the Khonds
Kui language (Indonesia), a Timor–Alor–Pantar language
Kui the Horseclaw, a character in Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind
KUI, acronym for Kinetic user interface
See also
Kui language (disambiguation)
Dębina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Gryllus is a genus of field cricket (Orthoptera, Gryllidae, Gryllinae). Members of the genus are typically 15–31 mm long and darkly coloured. The type species is Gryllus campestris L.: the European field cricket.
Until the mid-1950s, native field crickets in eastern North America were all assigned to a single species, Acheta assimilis Fabricius. Although regional variation in calling song and life history were noted, no morphological characters could be found to reliably distinguish these variants. Building upon the pioneering work of Fulton, Alexander used male calling song, life history and crosses between putative species to revise the taxonomy of gryllines in the eastern United States, and recognized five species, although at the time they were still classified in the genus Acheta.
Species
The genus contains the following species :
Gryllus abditus Otte & Peck, 1997
Gryllus abingdoni Otte & Peck, 1997
Gryllus abnormis Chopard, 1970
Gryllus alogus Rehn, 1902 – damp-loving field cricket
Gryllus amarensis (Chopard, 1921)
Gryllus ambulator Saussure, 1877
Gryllus argenteus (Chopard, 1954)
Gryllus argentinus Saussure, 1874
Gryllus armatus Scudder, 1902
Gryllus assimilis (Fabricius, 1775) – Jamaican field cricket
Gryllus ater Walker, 1869
Gryllus barretti Rehn, 1901
Gryllus bellicosus Otte & Cade 1984
Gryllus bicolor Saussure, 1874
Gryllus bimaculatus De Geer, 1773
Gryllus braueri (Karny, 1910)
Gryllus brevecaudatus (Chopard, 1961) – short-tailed field cricket
Gryllus brevicaudus Weissman, Rentz, Alexander & Loher 1980
Gryllus bryanti Morse, 1905
Gryllus campestris Linnaeus, 1758
Gryllus capitatus Saussure, 1874
Gryllus carvalhoi (Chopard, 1961)
Gryllus cayensis Walker, 2001 – Keys wood cricket
Gryllus chaldeus (Uvarov 1922)
Gryllus chappuisi (Chopard, 1938)
Gryllus chichimecus Saussure, 1897
Gryllus cohni Weissman, Rentz, Alexander & Loher 1980
Gryllus comptus Walker, 1869
Gryllus conradti (Bolivar, 1910)
Gryllus darwini Otte & Peck 1997
Gryllus debilis Walker, 1871
Gryllus firmus Scudder, 1902 – sand field cricket
Gryllus fultoni (Alexander, 1957) – southern wood cricket
Gryllus fulvipennis Blanchard, 1854
Gryllus galapageius Scudder, 1893
Gryllus genovesa Otte & Peck 1997
Gryllus insularis Scudder, 1876
Gryllus integer Scudder, 1901 – western trilling cricket
Gryllus isabella Otte & Peck 1997
Gryllus jallae Giglio-Tos, 1907
Gryllus kapushi Otte, 1987
Gryllus krugeri Otte, Toms & Cade 1988
Gryllus lineaticeps Stål, 1861 – variable field cricket
Gryllus luctuosus (Bolivar, 1910)
Gryllus madagascarensis Walker, 1869
Gryllus marchena Otte & Peck 1997
Gryllus maunus Otte, Toms & Cade 1988
Gryllus maximus (Uvarov 1952)
Gryllus meruensis Sjöstedt, 1909
Gryllus miopteryx Saussure, 1877
Gryllus multipulsator Weissman 2009 – Long-chirp Field Cricket
Gryllus mzimba Otte, 1987
Gryllus namibius Otte & Cade 1984
Gryllus nigrohirsutus Alexander, 1991
Gryllus nyasa Otte & Cade 1984
Gryllus opacus Chopard, 1927
Gryllus ovisopis Walker, 1974 – taciturn wood cricket
Gryllus parilis Walker, 1869
Gryllus pennsylvanicus Burmeister, 1838 – fall field cricket
Gryllus personatus Uhler, 1864 – Badlands cricket
Gryllus peruviensis Saussure, 1874
Gryllus pinta Otte & Peck 1997
Gryllus quadrimaculatus Saussure, 1877
Gryllus rhinoceros Gorochov, 2001
Gryllus rixator Otte & Cade 1984
Gryllus rubens Scudder, 1902 – eastern trilling cricket
Gryllus scudderianus Saussure, 1874
Gryllus signatus Walker, 1869
Gryllus spinulosus Johannson, 1763
Gryllus subpubescens (Chopard, 1934)
Gryllus texensis Cade & Otte 2000 – Texas trilling cricket
Gryllus urfaensis Gumussuyu, 1978
Gryllus veletis (Alexander & Bigelow 1960) – spring field cricket
Gryllus vernalis Blatchley, 1920 – northern wood cricket
Gryllus vicarius Walker, 1869
Gryllus vocalis Scudder, 1901 – vocal field cricket
Gryllus zaisi Otte, Toms & Cade 1988
Gryllus zambezi (Saussure, 1877)
References
External links
Orthoptera genera
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Orthoptera of Asia
Orthoptera of Africa
Orthoptera of Europe
Orthoptera of North America
Orthoptera of South America
The Williamson Diamond Mine (also known as the Mwadui mine) is a diamond mine northeast of Shinyanga in Tanzania; it became well known as the first significant diamond mine outside of South Africa. The mine was established in 1940 by Dr. John Williamson, a Canadian geologist, and has been continuous operation since then, making it one of the oldest continuously operating diamond mines in the world. Over its lifetime it has produced over 19 million carats (3,800 kg) of diamonds. A 2020 report by The Guardian said that high-quality pink diamonds from the mine could value up to $700,000 a carat.
The Williamson mine was once owned by its namesake Dr. Williamson and later nationalized by the government of Tanzania. Since February 2009 the mine is mostly owned by Petra Diamonds, with 75% ownership, the government of Tanzania owning the remaining 25%. In 2020, the mine came under scrutiny because of alleged human rights violations.
Description
The Williamson diamond mine is a large open pit mine currently about 90 meters (300 ft) deep. Diamond mining operations at the Williamson diamond mine are composed of four distinct activities: mining of the pit, re-treatment of tailings to recover missed diamonds, and gravel mining both on the property and adjacent to the property where gravel has been alluvially deposited. The open pit mining and tailings re-treatment are the largest of the four operations. The mine employs about 1,100 staff, mostly Tanzanians.
Location
The mine is located about south of the town of Mwanza in Kishapu District of Shinyanga Region. Dr. Williamson, the discoverer of the site, first owner and namesake of the mine, named the site "Mwadui" after a local chief; "Williamson" and "Mwadui" are now virtually synonymous in the diamond mining world.
Geology
The most important geological feature of the Williamson diamond mine is the kimberlite pipe on which it is located. At 146 hectare in area at surface level, it ranks as the largest economically exploitable diamond-bearing volcanic pipe in the world. Recent exploratory drill cores conducted by De Beers have indicated that the pipe is a pyroclastic kimberlite, not a hypabyssal kimberlite as earlier suspected. This indicates that it may be possible to extend the current 90-meter deep open pit to as much as 350 meters deep, and continue down even further with underground mining operations. However, a review of mine operations and long term plans continues.
Production
The Williamson diamond mine is now characterized by low ore grade of about per hundred tons (12 mg/t) of ore. This is a dramatic decrease from its production in the mine's early life; during the first 25 years of operation, average ore grade was about per hundred tons (60 mg/t); in the first few years of full operation grades were as high as per hundred tons (124 mg/t), or 10 times the ore realized today. Production in the 1950s and 1960s was usually between 500,000 and 750,000 carats (100 and 150 kg) per year; the peak year of production was 1966, when 924,984 carats (185 kg) were produced. Today production levels for all Williamson mine diamond recovery activities is about 300,000 carats (60 kg) per year.
Notable stones produced at the Williamson mine include the Williamson pink diamond which was presented to then-Princess Elizabeth and Prince Philip upon their wedding in 1947, and a diamond found in 1990.
History
The diamond industry of Tanzania in the 1930s was characterized by a scattering of very small mining operations that were insignificant in the economic makeup of the country. Dr. Williamson was hired by one of these operations, the Mabuki diamond mine, in 1938 and used it as his base for diamond prospecting in the region. In 1940 he discovered the Mwadui kimberlite pipe; over the next several years he developed the mine, although he was hindered by difficulty in procuring equipment and raising funds due to World War II. By the 1950s he had developed the Williamson diamond mine into the first significant diamond mine in Tanzania. The mine was visited in the early 1950s by the US author John Gunther who describes it in his book Inside Africa. The mine then employed 2,600 African workers, 110 Europeans and 60 Asians. The mine was noted for technical innovations in diamond mining which were developed under Williamson's watch. Williamson closely managed the mine until his death in 1958 at the age of 50.
Williamson's heirs sold the mine for about £4 million GBP to an equal partnership between De Beers and the colonial government of Tanganyika on August 13, 1958. In 1971, a decade after Tanzania's independence, the government nationalized the mine. Although details are unknown, De Beers and other diamond industry players speculate that mine performance deteriorated significantly in the 1980s under government management. Suspected causes of this are a decrease in ore grade as the mine's richer deposits were worked out, loss of skilled foreign management and engineering staff, a bloated labor force resulting from government employment efforts, and inadequate capital investment in the mine's equipment. Perhaps as a result of this poor performance, Tanzania invited De Beers to purchase back into the mine, which the company did. In 1994 De Beers bought 75% of the Williamson mine, with Tanzania retaining the remaining shares.
Since 1994, De Beers has acted to improve the performance of the Williamson diamond mine by trimming the work force, making capital investment in equipment, and bringing in expertise in technology, technique, and exploration. Although the mine is still viewed as a marginal performer due to its low ore grade, De Beers has identified avenues for development that would keep the mine operating into the future.
In September 2008, Petra Diamonds Ltd agreed to acquire the Williamson Mine from De Beers and completed the acquisition in February 2009.
In April 2020, the mine was mothballed after the collapse of diamond prices.
Although in February 2021 Petra & the Tanzanian Government entered discussions to reopen the mine in Q4 2021, but that did not happen.
In September 2021 Petra announced that it was seeking a buyer for the mine. Confirming news reports from March, when the company prospectus described the mine as permanently closed.
Recreation
The mine was equipped with a range of sporting facilities. These included public swimming pool, tennis and squash courts, soccer field, athletics track, golf course and yacht club. There was also a surgical hospital staffed by two English and an Indian doctor and nursing staff. The hospital used to treat the mine employees for free, and poor people from neighbouring areas could take treatment there at nominal charges. These facilities fell into disrepair after the colonial era, but remain partly maintained by the mine.
Incidents
2020 human rights allegations
A lawsuit against for human rights violations by guards was filed in May 2020 in the High Court of England and Wales. NGO RAID claimed evidence of harm by contracted guards who shot locals on the concession, including 10 killings and 50 injuries since 2009. Following the report, Petra Diamon initiated an internal investigation. Initial internal investigations found record of only one live-fire incident during the alleged window, alongside other use of "reasonable force" against illegal miners.
References
Sources
Tassell, Arthur. African Mining Magazine. "Williamson – A Bright Future Ahead?". Brooke Pattrick Publications.
De Beers Group official website. "De Beers Group: Tanzania". Retrieved April 18, 2005.
Chopra, Jarat. "Tanganyika Diamond Presented to Princess Elizabeth," Old Africa, No. 21 (February–March 2009) 16–17.
Chopra, Jarat. "Princess Margaret Hosted in Mwanza," Old Africa, No. 22 (April–May 2009) 20–22.
Diamond mines in Tanzania
Surface mines in Tanzania
Diatremes
Volcanoes of Tanzania
Pre-Holocene volcanoes
1940 establishments in Tanganyika
Bonita Jacobs is president of the University of North Georgia (UNG). UNG was formed in January 2013 through consolidation of Gainesville State College and North Georgia College & State University.
She took office as the 17th president of North Georgia College & State University in July 2011. She was the university's first female president and is only the second to lead one of the country's six Senior Military Colleges.
Career
Jacobs received bachelor's degrees in Spanish and history and a master's degree in counseling from Stephen F. Austin State University. She earned her doctorate in educational administration from Texas A&M University.
Prior to coming to the University of North Georgia, Jacobs served as executive director of the National Institute for the Study of Transfer Students (2009-2011), vice president for student development (1998-2009), and as professor in counseling and higher education at the University of North Texas. She currently serves on the College Board's Community College Advisory Panel.
Earlier, she served as interim vice chancellor for student development and dean of students at Western Carolina University and in positions at Stephen F. Austin State University.
As of 2022, Jacobs has announced her planes to retire as president of the University of North Georgia.
Awards
In 2014, Dr. Jacobs was named as one of the "100 Most Influential Georgians" by Georgia Trend magazine. In 2013 and 2014 she was named as one of the "Top Education Leaders in Atlanta" by the Atlanta Business Chronicle.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of North Georgia
Heads of universities and colleges in the United States
Stephen F. Austin State University alumni
Texas A&M University alumni
ISO/IEC 24744 Software Engineering — Metamodel for Development Methodologies is an ISO/IEC standard for software engineering metamodelling for development methodologies. It defines a metamodel from which development methodologies (software, but not only) can be instantiated.
In other words, ISO/IEC 24744 provides an agreed-upon set of words (a vocabulary), plus their corresponding meanings (their semantics), that can be used to describe methodologies used to develop software, hardware and other similar products.
From a technical viewpoint, ISO/IEC 24744 is based on the principles of method engineering and departs from the strict modelling paradigm sponsored by the Object Management Group, using instead an extension of the object-oriented approach that incorporates powertype patterns and clabjects.
External links
ISO/IEC 24744 page in ISO's catalogue
24744
Dimitar Dimitrov () is a Bulgarian male curler and coach.
Record as a coach of national teams
References
External links
Living people
Bulgarian male curlers
Bulgarian curling coaches
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2002 European Promotion Cup for Cadettes was the second edition of the basketball European Promotion Cup for cadettes, today known as FIBA U16 Women's European Championship Division C. It was played in Ta' Qali, Malta, from 2 to 6 July 2002. Luxembourg women's national under-16 basketball team won the tournament.
Participating teams
Final standings
References
2002
2002–03 in European women's basketball
FIBA U16
International basketball competitions hosted by Malta
FIBA
The Shadow Court is a tabletop role-playing game supplement released by White Wolf Publishing in January 1997 for use with their horror fantasy game Changeling: The Dreaming, and is part of the larger World of Darkness series.
The book was developed by Ian Lemke and written by Brian Campbell, Jackie Cassada, and Nicky Rea, who wrote it with a theme of balance and the disruption thereof. It was well received by critics for its writing and atmosphere, and for being useful in game campaigns.
Contents
Some of the interactions in Changeling: The Dreaming involve Seelie (good fae) and Unseelie (evil fae). The Shadow Court describes Unseelie society, including their traditions, factions, relationships with other evil creatures, festivities, abilities and magic, and their activities on the night of Samhain. The book provides the storyteller with information and advice about how to present Unseelie non-player characters. The book also describes several notable Unseelie personalities.
Production and release
The Shadow Court was developed by Ian Lemke, and written by Brian Campbell, Jackie Cassada, and Nicky Rea, with interior art by Anthony Hightower, Jeff Holt, Fred Hooper, Mark Jackson, Andrew Mitchell Kudelka, Heather J. McKinney-Chernik, Richard Thomas, and Drew Tucker, and cover art by Dennis Calero. It was written with a theme of balance between changelings' noble Seelie legacies and their renegade Unseelie natures, and the disruption thereof, with heroes having the potential to fall from grace, and villains having the potential to redeem themselves. The production team intended for games using the book to have a mood of deception and intrigue, black comedy, and hope coming only with a price.
The supplement was released by White Wolf Publishing in January 1997 as a 122-page softcover book. It has since been released as an e-book, and was released in Spanish in September 2003.
Reception
The Shadow Court was well received by critics: Backstab described it as brilliant, and essential for any Changeling: The Dreaming campaign, although requiring thoughtful reading by the storyteller. Dosdediez found it to add depth to the game, and highly recommended it to those who want to expand the boundaries of their game. Arcane considered it to live up to the standards set by previous Changeling: The Dreaming books, in terms of production quality, artwork, and style, as well as the short introductory story. French game designer and author called it a near-essential book, which gives the Unseelie more depth.
Critics liked the book's writing and tone; Backstab found it impressive how it manages make the Shadow Court, as a dark, secret society, fit into Changeling: The Dreaming without losing sight of what makes Changeling unique among the World of Darkness games and being aware that it and Vampire: The Masquerade are different types of games. Dosdediez liked the atmosphere of passion, hypocrisy and intrigue, and Casus Belli appreciated its darker tone and its subtlety, but found it less entertaining than hoped. Arcane considered the book to particularly excel in its connection of the Unseelie fae to a cycle of pagan seasonal festivals, but criticized it for not going into enough detail about the Shadow Court itself or revealing secrets relating to them that are hinted at in the core rulebook. The book was considered useful, with praise at the newly introduced dark arts and Unseelie fae; Arcane did wish that it had gone further than just suggesting uses in stories, and that it would have been expanded with a fleshed-out, playable scenario.
Notes
References
Changeling: The Dreaming
Role-playing game books
The Other Sicily (L'Altra Sicilia) is an association primarily involved in assisting Sicilian emigrants.
It is based in Brussels (Belgium), from where it publishes a bimonthly named L'Isola, and its founder and president is Francesco Paolo Catania.
In the run-up of the 2006 general election the association teamed up with the For the South party and finally participated to the election under "The Other Sicily – For the South" banner in the "Europe" constituency for Italians abroad. The list received 2.1% of the vote in the constituency.
The association strongly defends Sicilian identity and autonomy, while frequently criticising the region's President, Rosario Crocetta.
References
External links
Official Website
Political parties in Sicily
Elevators (also known as luxators) are instruments used in dental extractions. They may be used to loosen teeth prior to forcep extraction, to remove roots or impacted teeth, when teeth are compromised and susceptible to fracture or when they are malpositioned and cannot be reached with forceps.
Mechanics
Elevators work on the principle of leverage to dislodge a tooth from its socket. The fulcrum is usually the crest of the socket bone; however, adjacent teeth can be used if they are also to be extracted. The contact point on the tooth or root surface where force is delivered is described as the purchase point, and the position of this can be idealised by cutting bone or sectioning teeth. With root picks especially, a slot or notch may be cut into the root surface to obtain a purchase point.
Varieties
Instruments can be broadly classed as elevators or luxators. Conventional elevators are bulkier and are designed to withstand leverage and torquing forces. Luxating elevators are thinner and sharper, for more delicate use in severing and wedging the ligament.
There are three main types of elevator. Straight elevators e.g. Coupland's or Warwick James' have one concave and one convex aspect to the tip and are used for wedging. Triangular elevators e.g. Cryer's or Winter's have a lateral point and are used to deliver class I leverage. Especially when combined with a T-bar, these can deliver large forces and risk jaw fracture. Pick elevators are used to engage root tips.
References
See also
Dental key
Dental equipment
Dentistry
Local elections was held in Zamboanga City on May 14, 2007, within the Philippine general election. The voters elected for the elective local posts in the city: the mayor, vice mayor, and eight councilors per district. Previously, the city voters elected 12 councilors and one representative from its lone district.
Political changes
Since 1984, Zamboanga City is represented in the national Congress by one representative. All things changed in 2004 when the lone district was divided into 2 districts by virtue of Republic Act No. 9269 on March 19, 2004. Veterans Avenue is the dividing line of the two districts.
Mayoral and vice mayoral elections
Monsignor Crisanto dela Cruz formed a coalition named Nuevo Zamboanga under the banner of Kabalikat ng Malayang Pilipino of President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo to run against the incumbent administrator of Mayor Celso Lobregat of the Laban ng Demokratikong Pilipino. Lobregat picked incumbent Councilor Milabel Velasquez as his running mate while dela Cruz picked activist Atty. Victor Solis as his running mate.
Results
The candidates for district representative, mayor, and vice mayor with the most votes wins the seat; they are voted separately, therefore, they may be of different parties when elected.
District I City Election Officer Roel Bengua, also chairman of the City Board of Canvassers, proclaimed Mayor Celso Lobregat retaining his post, incumbent Councilor Mannix Dalipe as Vice-Mayor, incumbent Vice-Mayor Beng Climaco as District I Representative, Congressman Erbie Fabian as District II Representative, and the 16 City Councilors.
House of Representatives election
1st District
Incumbent Vice-Mayor Maria Isabelle Climaco is running for the post against neophyte politician Edilberto Gonzales.
2nd District
Incumbent Representative Erico Basilio Fabian is running for a second term.
Mayoral elections
Incumbent Mayor Celso Lobregat is running for his second term.
Vice-mayoral elections
Incumbent Vice-Mayor Beng Climaco is running for District I Representative. Councilor Mila Velasquez was Mayor Lobregat's running-mate against Monsi dela Cruz' candidate, Atty. Vic Solis.
City Council elections
Each of Zamboanga City's two legislative districts elects eight councilors to the City Council. The eight candidates with the most votes wins the seats per district.
1st District
|-bgcolor=black
|colspan=5|
2nd District
|-bgcolor=black
|colspan=5|
See also
Philippine House of Representatives elections in the Zamboanga Peninsula, 2007
2007 Philippine general election
References
External links
Official website of the Commission on Elections
Official website of National Movement for Free Elections (NAMFREL)
Official website of the Parish Pastoral Council for Responsible Voting (PPCRV)
2007 Philippine local elections
Elections in Zamboanga City
Loggins is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Crosby Loggins, American singer-songwriter
Dave Loggins, singer, songwriter and musician
Kenny Loggins, American singer and songwriter
Leroy Loggins, former professional basketball player
See also
Loggins and Messina, American rock-pop duo
Sam Loggin (born 1977), English actress
The Witches' Voice (WitchVox) was online information and networking resource for the Wiccan and Pagan community. It is a non-profit organization founded and run by Wren Walker and Fritz Jung in 1997. It won Peoples' Choice under Spirituality in the 2002 Webby Awards, and is considered one of the "most extensive" Pagan websites. The organization's website was retired on December 31, 2019.
Site features
The "Wren's Nest" news section of The Witches' Voice was used as a source for other Pagan publications. The site includes posts by businesses and individuals, semi-monthly essays submitted by users, columns by regular contributors, and a monthly selection of Pagan musicians and bands. Witchvox also includes Witches of the World, which facilitates networking among site members and groups.
Since 2000, The Witches' Voice included a section called “Bardic Circle” which is “a gathering… to share stories, magic and music”. While this is traditionally done in a wooded area around a campfire, The Witches' Voice invited NeoPagan musicians to share their music in downloadable mp3 files with Witches around the world. Some of the best musical artists and bands in NeoPagan circles participated over a ten-year period, including: Gaia Consort, Damh the Bard, SONA, Isaac Bonewits, Loke E Coyote. Beltana. sede, Magicfolk, Abigail Spinner McBride, Telling Point, The Reverend Rat, Cassandra Syndrome, Jhenah Telyndru, Lady Isadora, KIVA, Tribeworld Ensemble, Jay Atwood (who played didgeridoo for Wicked Tinkers and their album Banger for Breakfast), Tiffany Moon, Soren, Madd Mother Moose and Kari Tauring.
The Witches' Voice was the largest international Neopagan site, with thousands of personal notices from users seeking to network with each other.
Awards
The Witches' Voice received the People's Choice Webby Award for Spirituality in 2002 as a result of a write-in campaign. The site was one of only two People's Choice winners which had not been nominated for the award that year.
References
External links
The Witches' Voice archive from the Internet Archive
Defunct social networking services
Wicca
Internet properties established in 1997
Internet properties disestablished in 2019
American social networking websites
Modern Pagan websites
1990s in modern Paganism
From April 2–3, 1982, a major tornado outbreak resulted in over 60 tornadoes and 30 fatalities, primarily over portions of Northeast Texas and Southwest Arkansas, as well as Southeastern Oklahoma. Three of the tornadoes were rated F4, and one officially was recorded as an F5 near Broken Bow, Oklahoma, all on April 2. Beginning on April 2, a series of tornado-producing supercells formed across portions of northeastern Texas and southeastern Oklahoma. One produced an F5 tornado, the first since April 4, 1977, which crossed mostly rural areas near Speer and Broken Bow, and deposited a motel sign from Broken Bow away in Arkansas. The F5 tornado resulted in no fatalities, but an F4 tornado in Paris, Texas, resulted in 10 fatalities and 170 injuries. Additionally, the Storm Prediction Center, known then as the Severe Local Storms Unit, issued its first officially documented high risk on April 2 as well as the first tornado watch to contain the wording Particularly Dangerous Situation (PDS).
Background
Outbreak statistics
Confirmed tornadoes
April 2 event
Speer–Messer–Golden–Broken Bow, Oklahoma
This powerful, multiple-vortex tornado touched down near Speer, tracked east-southeastward through the rural community of Messer, and traversed the Hugo Reservoir. A newly constructed home near Messer was obliterated, with only strips of carpet tacking left unmoved. At the time the tornado was assigned a rating of F5 based on this damage and is still listed as an F5 in official records. Photographs of the bare concrete slab suggested, however, that the home was improperly anchored: only F3-level winds may have been needed to produce the observable effects on the structure. Further on, the tornado attained a peak width of and produced F4-level damage to ranch-style homes near Golden. In all, the tornado destroyed approximately 35 homes and yielded losses of $8 million, though it missed densely populated areas. The tornado also destroyed chicken coops, mobile homes, and a church, along with agricultural implements, electrical lines, and tracts of timber. Up to 40 barns were wrecked as well. As it passed just south of Broken Bow, the tornado struck the Tri-A-Nite Motel; signage from the motel was later found distant, in Arkansas. Near Messer, the tornado hurled a board into and pierced a tree. 29 injuries occurred along the path.
Paris–Reno–Blossom, Texas
This destructive tornado, the deadliest of the outbreak, headed eastward through the northern section of Paris. It extensively damaged or destroyed more than 465 residences and left approximately 1,000 people homeless in town. Of the 10 deaths in Paris, two occurred at a trailer park; the rest of the fatalities were mainly in unsheltered locations. Debris from the trailer park was dispersed for hundreds of yards. Most of the damage in Paris was rated F2 or F3 on the Fujita scale, but a few CBS homes sustained low-end F4-level damage. These homes, however, were dubiously constructed, so the official rating may have been too high. Large, well-built apartments with numerous interior walls were unroofed as the "ragged funnel cloud" left behind $50 million in losses at Paris. 92 homes and other structures were heavily damaged or destroyed in the neighbouring communities of Reno and Blossom. The tornado attained a peak width of .
White Rock–Beaver Dam, Texas/Ashdown, Arkansas
This intense, long-tracked tornado first destroyed barns, outbuildings, trees, and electrical lines as it struck White Rock. Brick-built homes in the area were wrecked as well. The tornado tracked to the north of Annona, Avery, and English. The tornado then entered Bowie County and destroyed five homes in Beaver Dam. Two minor injuries occurred nearby. The tornado then widened to as it neared the Red River. Upon crossing the river into Oklahoma, it produced a swath of damaged trees through McCurtain County. Some outbuildings were also damaged as the tornado passed through southeastern Oklahoma. In Arkansas, the tornado destroyed 17 homes, a paper mill, a granary, and an orchard. One of the homes dated to the early nineteenth century. One person died and two others were injured near Ashdown before the tornado dissipated.
See also
List of tornado outbreaks
List of North American tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
List of Storm Prediction Center high risk days
Notes
References
Sources
F4 tornadoes by date
F5 tornadoes by date
Tornadoes of 1982
Tornadoes in Oklahoma
Tornadoes in Texas
1982 in Texas
1982 in Oklahoma
1982 natural disasters in the United States
Tornado outbreak
Intruder is a 1988 American slasher film written and directed by Scott Spiegel, and co-written and produced by Lawrence Bender. It received positive reviews from critics, with particular praise given for its unique setting of a grocery store for a slasher film.
Plot
A supermarket closes and the workers begin restocking the shelves for the next day. Craig - the ex-boyfriend of cashier Jennifer - appears and the two quarrel. Worried about her friend, Linda presses her panic button. Co-owner Bill shows up and a fight ensues. Craig escapes onto the shop floor. The night crew set out to track him down while Jennifer calls the police. When they find Craig, there is another scuffle. He is ejected from the building and disappears into the night.
The owners gather the night crew to announce that they are selling the store and the staff will soon lose their jobs. The employees are assigned to mark down all the stock in preparation for the close. Craig makes telephone calls to the store, upsetting Jennifer. The police arrive but do little to help and just tell the group to be careful.
After finishing her shift, Linda is stabbed by an unseen assailant. Bill spots someone trying to enter through the back door and goes outside to investigate. He finds Craig watching Jennifer through the bathroom window and is rendered unconscious.
Back in the store, the killer begins to brutally murder the employees and scatters their severed body parts around in the store. Noticing that everyone seems to have vanished, Jennifer investigates and discovers several bodies and body parts in the storerooms. Terrified, she is attacked by the killer but manages to escape back to the shop floor. Hearing someone at the door, she tries to draw their attention, but the person has left by the time she gets there. Craig grabs her, but she beats him with a meat hook.
Bill then staggers in. Claiming that Craig attacked him outside the store, he proceeds to call the police. Jennifer notices Bill's hands are covered in blood and realizes that he is the killer. Bill tells her that he couldn't let his partner sell the store, so he killed him and got carried away killing everyone. Bill attacks Jennifer and chases her around the locked building. A delivery man appears outside, but Bill kills him before Jennifer can get his attention. Bill re-enters the building and stalks Jennifer again. Craig tells Jennifer he saw Bill killing Linda, and that he climbed into the building through the bathroom window to save her. Bill appears and bludgeons Craig while Jennifer flees.
Crawling out the bathroom window, she tries to escape in her car but finds Linda's body inside. Bill grabs her legs and pulls Jennifer under the car, but she stabs him with a knife. She heads to a phone booth to call the police, but Bill reappears and starts to smash the booth to get at her. He topples the phone booth over and traps her, but Craig appears and brutally damages him with a meat cleaver.
When the police arrive, one of the policemen finds the carnage in the store. The severely injured Bill claims that Jennifer and Craig are responsible for the attack. The policemen ignore their protests and arrest them. Bill suddenly opens his eyes as Jennifer screams, leaving all of their fates unknown.
Cast
Elizabeth Cox as Jennifer Ross
Renée Estevez as Linda
Dan Hicks as Bill Roberts
David Byrnes as Craig Peterson
Sam Raimi as Randy
Eugene Robert Glazer as Danny
Billy Marti as Dave
Burr Steers as Bub
Craig Stark as Tim
Ted Raimi as Joe "Produce Joe"
Alvy Moore as Officer Dalton
Tom Lester as Officer Mathews
Emil Sitka as Mr. Abernathy
Bruce Campbell as Officer Howard
Lawrence Bender as Officer Adams
Scott Spiegel as Bread Man
Douglas Hessler as Townie At Door
Greg Nicotero as Townie In Car
Production
Intruder marked the feature directorial debut of Scott Spiegel. The film was partially based around Spiegel's experience working at the real Walnut Lake Market in Michigan. It was also something of a remake of an earlier Super-8 short film by Spiegel. The short was a slasher story called Night Crew, and featured a more Halloween-inspired killer.
Intruder was filmed at an empty grocery store, which was rented to the crew of the film. The shelves were empty and bare and the crew had a company that specialized in damaged goods deliver over two tons of defective merchandise to stock the store.
Release
The film was originally entitled The Night Crew, but distributors felt that the film would be more marketable if it was given a more generic slasher film title; thus it was released as Intruder.
The Paramount VHS video cover (along with various other video and DVD releases) and the film's trailers all reveal the identity of the killer, thus spoiling the film's dramatic tension.
Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi, and Ted Raimi were all heavily promoted by Paramount as the stars of the film, and their names feature prominently on video and DVD artwork. Sam Raimi actually plays a supporting character, Ted Raimi has a small supporting role, barely more than a bit part, and Bruce Campbell appears in the final scene in a brief cameo. The back cover of the DVD release makes it appear that Renée Estevez is the heroine, whereas in the film she is the first character to die.
The original VHS release from Paramount Home Video contained the R-rated version, which was missing five minutes of gore footage. Nearly all of KNB's effects footage was removed. The 2005 US DVD release by Wizard Video presents the director's cut. Synapse Films released an uncensored version of Intruder on combo DVD/Blu-ray on 13 December 2011. In 2017, 88 Films released the film uncensored on DVD and Blu-ray with bonus features, double-sided cover art and a restored and remastered version of the film. In 2019, Full Moon Features released a 30th anniversary DVD which was remastered from the original camera negative and features the uncensored version of the film.
Reception
Intruder had a positive reception. Adam Tyner of DVD Talk awarded the film four and a half out of five stars and wrote, "Intruder easily ranks up there as one of the best slashers I've ever seen". DVD Verdict referred to it as "a very cool film. While it includes all the genre tropes, it presents them in a way that feels fresher and more creative than many of the countless other maniac-on-the-loose films that the decade produced". Intruder was deemed one of the "greatest entries" in the slasher film boom of the 1980s by Horror News.net. Bloody Disgusting rated the film three out of five stars and wrote: "It's certainly no horror classic, but for stalwart gorehounds, Intruder is sweet, sweet manna".
References
External links
1989 films
American slasher films
American splatter films
1989 horror films
1980s slasher films
Films set in 1989
Films set in Michigan
1989 directorial debut films
Films shot in California
Empire International Pictures films
Termination of employment in popular culture
Films directed by Scott Spiegel
Films produced by Lawrence Bender
Films scored by Basil Poledouris
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Daniel Bălan (born 18 September 1979) is a Romanian former football defender, currently manager of Bucovina Rădăuți.
In 2002, he suffered a severe injury, something similar with the one Marco van Basten had. After 18 months and multiple surgeries he returned to field.
Honours
Foresta Fălticeni
Liga II: 1999–00
Steaua București
Liga I: 2004–05, 2005–06
Supercupa României: 2001, 2006
FC Vaslui
Liga II: 2004–05
References
External links
Daniel Bălan's profile at SteauaFC.com
1979 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Suceava
Romanian footballers
Cypriot First Division players
Liga I players
Liga II players
AC Omonia players
FC Steaua București players
Alki Larnaca FC players
Aris Limassol FC players
FC Vaslui players
FC Argeș Pitești players
FC Botoșani players
ACS Foresta Suceava players
Association football defenders
FC SKA-Khabarovsk players
Romanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Yandex.Drive is a Russian carsharing service owned by Yandex. The service in Moscow, Moscow Oblast, Saint-Petersburg,
Kazan and Sochi.The cothlaunched in February 2018. The vehicle park consists of Kia Rio,
Kia Rio X-Line, Renault Kaptur, Skoda Octavia, Skoda Rapid, Nissan Leaf, Nissan Qashqai, Audi A3, Audi Q3, Porsche Macan, Porsche 911 Carrera, Ford Mustang of 1965 and 1969, BMW 5 Series,
Mercedes-Benz E-Class,
Volkswagen Polo, Genesis G70, Citroen Jumpy and Volkswagen Transporter of January 2020 its vehicle fleet is over 21000 cars. According to the Financial Times, Yandex.Drive is the largest carsharing company in the world.
History
Initially, Yandex did not plan to launch its own carsharing, but wanted to make an aggregator ( the Yandex project.Carsharing", it was closed in November 2017). At the same time, in the fall of 2017, the product Manager of "Yandex.Maps" Anton Ryazanov proposed to the management of the company to launch its own car sharing. Riazanov studied the market, worked out the business model, and presented the project to Yandex's chief operating officer Gregory Abovsky, founder and President Arkady Volozh, and CEO Alexander Shulgin. A special feature of the concept was the use of the "Yandex.Auto", which synced information about the user's frequently used addresses for Navigator and music preferences for streaming services. Official announcement of Yandex.Drive took place in mid-December 2017, and on February 21, 2018 the service began operating in Moscow with a fleet of 750 Kia Rio, Kia Rio X-Line and Renault Kaptur cars. "Drive" initially launched with a large fleet and was the first among Russian services to offer users dynamic pricing that takes into account the demand for cars and the situation on the road.
See also
Carsharing in Moscow
References
External links
Official website
Transport companies established in 2017
Carsharing
Transport companies of Russia
Yandex
Lifting stones are heavy natural stones which people are challenged to lift, proving their strength. They are common throughout northern Europe, particularly Scotland, Wales, Iceland (where they are referred to as steintökin), Scandinavia and North West England centred around Cumbria.
Recently, lifting stones have been incorporated into the World's Strongest Man competitions, using various cast, found, or established challenge stones such as the Húsafell Stone. They also do a stylized version of an event derived from an ancient contest, in which men would see who could load the heaviest stone onto a stone wall, derived from building such a wall, where they are known as Atlas stones.
Iceland
In Iceland, lifting stones were traditionally used to qualify men for work on fishing boats. To qualify, a man would have to lift at least the hálfdrættingur stone (described below under Dritvik Stones) to hip-height onto a ledge. Lifting heavier stones would entitle the man to a greater share of the catch. The ultimate objective is to reach the 'fullsterkur' status proving you are 'fully strong' by lifting the heaviest stones. Some famous Icelandic lifting stones are described below.
Icelandic lifting stones
Húsafell Stone
The most famous of Iceland's legendary lifting stones is the Húsafell Stone, named after the west country farming estate on which it resides, about 132 km north east from Reykjavík. The triangular shaped stone which weighs 186 kg (410 lb) is said to have been crafted from a large rock over a couple of centuries ago, when a local pastor named Snorri Björnsson adopted it as the door to his Sheep and Goat pen. Nicknamed the 'Kviahellan' (pen slab) by Snorri, the stone has been since used by Strongmen as a test of strength by either simply lifting the stone to the knee and waist, or by lifting it all the way up to the chest and carrying the stone around the perimeter of the pen for 'fullsterkur' status.
Dritvik Stones
At the tip of the west coast, in Djúpalónssandur beach at the foot of Snæfellsjökull lies 4 stones which are called Dritvik Stones. Historically, the sailors and fishermen who rowed out from this port would lift the stones to prove their worth to a ship's crew and earn themselves better pay remuneration. The 4 stones are classified as:
Amlóði ("useless") at 23 kg (51 pounds)
Hálfdrættingur ("weakling") at 54 kg (119 pounds)
Hálfsterkur ("half strength") at 100 kg (220 pounds)
Fullsterkur ("full strength") at 154 kg (340 pounds)
Judas Stone
Located in the Látravík cove at the west-most point of Westfjords region, the Judas Stone earned its name more than a century ago, when local farmers repeatedly attempted to utilize it in the construction of a wall, only to have it 'betray' them like Judas by always slipping out of place due to its unbalanced nature.
Brynjolfstak Stone
The heaviest of Iceland's legendary lifting stones is the 281 kg (620 lb) Brynjólfstak Stone, located near Tálknafjörður in the Westfjords region. Legend says that the Stone was first pulled from the sea in 1845, when a mighty farmer named Brynjólfur asked four of the strongest men in the area to lift the giant slab on to his shoulders. From there, Brynjólfur is said to have attached the stone to him with straps and carried it uphill, to the nearby ridge where it is currently located. The stone has since been named in his honor.
Latra Stones
Also located in the Westfjords region between Tálknafjörður and Bíldudalur are 5 stones called Latra Stones. For many generations, local fishermen used these stones to stay fit and gain bragging rights in their rare time on dry land. Like the Dritvik Stones, there is a hierarchy based on their size with the heaviest stone weighing close to 200 kg (441 lb).
Leggstein Stone
This pillar-like stone which is also known as the Tomb Stone is said to mark the spot where an unfortunate farmer made a pact with the devil. As the story goes, the lazy farmer wanted a fast track to an easier, more prosperous life, so the devil offered him his dream if he could simply complete one task: lifting the 220 kg (485 lb) Leggstein stone. It's located in the middle of the Westfjords region near Reykjanes.
Scotland
Scottish lifting stones
Clach cuid fir
Gaelic for "manhood stones", originate from Scotland. Manhood stones were used for centuries as tests of strength in Scotland. Typically, a young man was welcomed into manhood when he was able to lift his clan's testing stone to waist height. There are many examples in Scotland including:
the McGlashen Stones
the Inver Stone (121.6 kg (268 pounds))
the Dinnie Stones (two stones weighing 332.49 kg (733 pounds) combined. 188.02 kg (414.51 pounds) and 144.47 kg (318.5 pounds))
the Menzies Stone (115 kg (253.5 pounds))
Both the McGlashen Stones (later known as the Atlas Stones or Castle Stones with relation to the setup) and the Dinnie Stones have been used in numerous Strongman competitions since the 1980s including World's Strongest Man, Europe's Strongest Man and Pure Strength.
Atlas Stones introduced first with the 1986 World's Strongest Man is an evolution of the classic McGlashen stones which has now become a benchmark in modern day Strongman. The competitors have to grip the stone, lap it in a squatting position and finally drive up, to load the stone on top of a podium. There's a total of five (occasionally six) spherical concrete stones of increasing weight, to be hoisted on top of a podium for each stone. In the early competitions of the 80s and 90s, these podiums were of varying height with the lightest stone requiring to be lifted approximately to a normal person's head height. The heavier the stone was, the closer it was located to the podium. From 2000s onwards, the stones increased in weight, and the podium heights and distance from the stone were kept uniform.
Alternatively, the stone is lifted over a bar for reps, as well.
Pretty much every current Atlas Stones related world records are shared between Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson, Tom Stoltman, Brian Shaw and Žydrūnas Savickas.
Clachan-ultaich
A Clach-ultaich (; plural ) is another type of lifting stone found in Scotland. Examples are:
the so-called Clach-ultaich Iain Ghairbh MhicGilleChaluim Ratharsair, "the lifting stone of Iain Garbh MacGilleChaluim of Raasay", in Duntulm on the Isle of Skye. Its weight is said to be a ton.
the Charter or Blue Stones of Dailly in Ayrshire are a pair of lifting stones located in the cemetery of Old Dailly church.
MacLeod's Lift ( lit. "St. Kildan's Lift") on Rona, named after one John MacLeod who was at one time tacksman and steward of St Kilda.
Lifting Stane
Near Auldgirth in Dumfries and Galloway is a small farm named Liftingstane where a large stone with an iron handle once stood that was used as a test of strength.
At Old Dailly in South Ayrshire are the 'Blue or Charter Stones' that were used for trials of strength to the extent that the local council has bound them with metal bands to prevent their continued use.
The 'Leper's Charter Stone' at Kingcase in Prestwick, South Ayrshire was made of black basalt and kidney shaped, used as a lifting stane until it was broken although the parts remain, built into the walls of the old chapel.
Others
The Ardblair stones are a series of nine concrete spheres ranging in weight from 18 to 152 kilograms. They are used in the Blairgowrie & Rattray Highland Games.
Faroe Islands
Every settlement in the Faroe Islands used to have its local lifting stone, called a hav,
derived from the verb hevja which means 'to lift'. Visiting men would be challenged by the locals to show off their strength.
One such stone is now part of a mural in the village of Mikladalur. Known as "Marjunar hav", it is said to have been lifted by Marjun - a milkmaid in the 16th century.
Wales
According to Y pedair Camp ar Hugainyn Welsh for "24 feats of a welshman", stone lifting was a common practice. Usually performed by young boys as a rite of passage into manhood. It is said that once a young boy can lift the stone to his waist he was considered a man. Furthermore, the stone was used to develop a man's strength in preparation for battle.
There was no set size, shape or weight for each stone. Stones varied, depending on what was available within the locality or by what was selected by the king of each region.
The king's Teulu ("personal army") were selected from each village or town within his borders, based upon a man's ability to lift stones, run, jump, leap, wrestle, fence, shoot a bow and arrow and throw a spear.
To date, a lifting stone "Y Garreg Orchest" is still in place in the town of Criccieth in Gwynedd, North Wales. Competitors travel from all across the UK to attempt to lift this mammoth stone. In 2015 there was one successful lift of the 28 stone Goliath.
Basque Country
Stone lifting is also a traditional Basque Country sport involving the lifting of stones, called harri jasotzea. There are several varieties, particularly using round stones and rectangular ones. The goal can be raising and dropping a stone of certain weight as many times as possible or simply raising a heavy stone once in order to beat an existing record.
Another Basque sport is the ontzi eramatea, where the weights were originally milk canisters prior to stones.
United States and other stone carrying variants
Just like traditional Scottish and Icelandic 'stone walk' or 'stone carry', athletic events involving carrying of large stones down the field of competition has become very popular in the sport of Strongman notably in the US, with several variations being used. The rules are quite simple: the competitors each pick up a pair of very heavy stones equipped with iron handles, and carry the paired stones as far down the field as they can. The length of the field varies depending on the site. This event is also known as the farmer's walk. Another popular variation is shouldering large stones.
Loon Stones
At the Loon Mountain Highland Games in New Hampshire, there's a popular ancient farmers walk event with a pair of stones which weighs and respectively. The event probably originated as an outgrowth of the need to clear stones from agricultural fields to create clearance cairns. In 2015, Iceland's Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson made a guest appearance and carried the stones for 140' 6" for a new world record.
Odd Haugen's Tombstone
Norwegian Strongman Odd Haugen was gifted with a oval shaped stone on his 58th birthday and since has featured at the Arnold Strongman Classic a number of times in the Stone to Shoulder event. Only 8 Strongmen (Marunde, Licis, Kieliszkowski, Shivlyakov, Björnsson, Belsak, Thompson and Novikov) have lifted this stone to their shoulder.
Notable stone lifters
Below table summarizes the 10 greatest stone lifters in Strongman history.
No. of total career stone events against the No. of wins.
See also
Chikaraishi, the Japanese equivalent
Stone put
Strongman (strength athlete)
History of physical training and fitness
References
Stones
Scottish folklore
Scandinavian folklore
Northumbrian folklore
Strongmen competitions
Scottish games
Brinton Averil Smith (born 1969, in Royal Oak, Michigan) is an American cellist.
Smith has been the principal cellist of the Houston Symphony since 2005 and is a faculty member of the Shepherd School of Music at Rice University and the Aspen Music Festival, as well as being a frequent guest soloist and chamber musician. Smith gave the first professional performance of Castelnuovo-Tedesco's cello concerto, Op. 72 in over 80 years, and the live performance was released on the Naxos label in June 2018. Smith is known for his live performance videos of unusual cello works such as Sibelius' Theme and Variations for solo cello and violin transcriptions such as Paganini's 24th caprice, Ravel's Tzigane and Waxmann's Carmen Fantasie, as well as his doctoral dissertation on the playing of Emanuel Feuermann.
Education
The son of a mathematician father and pianist mother, Smith was exposed to music at an early age from his mother's rehearsals with Detroit Symphony Orchestra principal cellist Italo Babini and concertmaster Mischa Mischakoff. After moving to Arizona when he was 8, he began studying the cello. At age ten he began taking courses in German, mathematics, and music at Arizona State University, and by age 14 left high school to attend the university full-time, receiving a BA in Mathematics at age 17. During this time he studied with cellist Gordon Epperson in Tucson, Eleonore Schoenfeld in Los Angeles and periodically with Italo Babini in Detroit. Smith attended graduate school at the University of Southern California and completed work for an MM in Mathematics at age 19. After a summer studying with Zara Nelsova at the Aspen Music Festival, Smith chose to pursue music full-time and enrolled at the Juilliard School with Nelsova, where he received MM and DMA degrees, writing his thesis on the Physical and Interpretive Technique of Emanuel Feuermann.
Career
Smith was appointed principal cellist of the San Diego Symphony in 1994, while still a student at Juilliard. When San Diego filed for bankruptcy in 1996 and ceased operations for two years, Smith became the principal cellist of the Fort Worth Symphony (1996-2002) and then a section cellist in the New York Philharmonic (2002-5). Since 2005 Smith has been the principal cellist of the Houston Symphony. Smith has taught at Rice University's Shepherd School of Music since 2006, the Aspen Music Festival since 2011 and the Sarasota Music Festival since 2013.
As a soloist, Smith's North American engagements have included performances at Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center, and with orchestras throughout the country, while his broadcast performances include CBS's Sunday Morning and regular appearances on NPR's Performance Today and Symphonycast. His live concert performances of unusual cello repertoire and virtuosic transcriptions on YouTube, have been viewed nearly a million times, including over two hundred and fifty thousand views of a live encore of Paganini's 24th Caprice. As a devoted advocate of compelling unfamiliar repertoire, Mr. Smith gave the North American premiers of rediscovered works of Jean Sibelius and Alexander Zemlinsky (with pianist Evelyn Chen), and recently gave the first professional performance of the lost cello concerto of Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco (with conductor Kazuki Yamada and the Houston Symphony) since its premiere in 1935 with Arturo Toscanini and Gregor Piatigorsky, and the world premiere of Castelnuovo-Tedesco's 1951 Sonata for Violin and Cello (with violinist Adele Anthony.)
As a chamber musician, Smith has collaborated with violinist Gil Shaham on numerous occasions including Carnegie Hall's Gil Shaham and Friends series and with cellists Yo-Yo Ma and Lynn Harrell, pianists Emanuel Ax, Jonathan Biss and Kirill Gerstein, violinists James Ehnes, Cho-Liang Lin and Sarah Chang, soprano Dawn Upshaw, and members of the Beaux Arts Trio and the Guarneri, Emerson, Juilliard, Cleveland, and Berg quartets. He has performed with the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center, the Marlboro Music Festival, the Aspen Music Festival, the Sarasota Music Festival, the Seattle Chamber Music Society, the Mainly Mozart Festival, the Brevard Music Festival and the Texas Music Festival.
Discography
Exiles in Paradise - Émigré Composers in Hollywood with Evelyn Chen, piano, Naxos
Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco Cello Concerto, Op 72 and transcriptions of Mozart, Rossini and Ravel with Kazuki Yamada and the Houston Symphony, Evelyn Chen, piano, Naxos
The Fauré Album, works for Violin, Piano and Cello with Gil Shaham and Akira Eguchi, Canary Classics
Miklós Rózsa Concerto for Cello and Orchestra, Op. 32, Complete Orchestral Music, Vol. 5 with James Sedares and the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra., Koch
Steven Gerber Chamber Music - Piano Trio, Duo, Elegy, Notturno, Gershwiniana with Kurt Nikkanen, Cho-Liang Lin and Cyrus Beroukhim, violins, Sarah Davis Buechner, piano, Naxos
A. Louis Scarmolin: In Retrospect - Salon and Chamber Music, with Vladimir Tyspin and Lisa Gihae Kim, violins, Vivek Kamath, viola, MSR Classics
Writings
The Physical and Interpretive technique of Emanuel Feuermann, Juilliard DMA Dissertation, May 1998
On the Future of Classical Music, Musician's Report to the Board, May 2014
Post-Hurricane Harvey remarks, delivered from the stage, September, 2017
Emanuel Feuermann and the Art of Phrasing, ASTA Cello Forum, February 2012.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
People from Royal Oak, Michigan
American cellists
The spotted thrush-babbler (Illadopsis turdina) also known as the thrush babbler, is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae. It is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, South Sudan, and Zambia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70–291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D. A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
spotted thrush-babbler
Birds of Central Africa
spotted thrush-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pavel Francouz (; born 3 June 1990) is a Czech professional ice hockey goaltender for the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League (NHL). Francouz won the Stanley Cup with the Avalanche in 2022.
Playing career
Czech Republic
Francouz first played at the junior level within the ranks of hometown club, HC Plzeň. As a 15-year-old he backstopped the club's under-18 team in the 2005–06 season posting sub 2.00 GAA. In the following 2006–07 season he led the league with 25 wins. In the 2007–08 season, Francouz assumed the starting goaltender position at the highest junior level in the Czech Republic at the under-20 league. He recorded 25 wins in 37 games to lead the club into the postseason.
Having signed a first team contract with HC Plzeň, Francouz made his professional debut in the Czech Extraliga during the 2008–09 season. In 15 games he collected 6 wins with a solid SV% of .922. At the under-20 level he finished the season with the League's best statistics in all categories.
Francouz spent the next 2009–10 season continuing his development, appearing in 8 Extraliga games, while also playing in the Czech 1. Liga on loan to HC Tabor and SK Horácká Slavia Třebíč.
On 13 May 2010, in order to earn more experience professionally, Francouz left Plzeň to sign a contract with HC Slovan Ústečtí Lvi of the Czech 1. Liga. In the 2010–11 season, he was initially loaned to former 1. Liga club SK Horácká before splitting the year in making an impact with his new club Ústečtí Lvi, posting the best GAA and SV% in the League and leading Slovan Ústečtí Lvi to the championship.
During his second season with Ústečtí in 2011–12, Francouz strong play was rewarded as he was loaned and trained with HC Oceláři Třinec. He made just one appearance with Třinec, allowing 4 goals against before he was replaced in the second intermission.
On 9 May 2012, Francouz secured a place in the Extraliga agreeing to a contract with HC Litvínov beginning from the 2012–13 season. He instantly assumed Litvínov's starting role and in 46 games repaid the club by registering the most league wins with 26 and earned recognition as the Extraliga's Best Goaltender.
In the 2014–15 season, Francouz through 46 games cemented his status as the best Goaltender in the Czech Republic, leading the league in most statistical categories, to earn the MVP award of both regular season and playoffs as Litvínov claimed the Championship.
Traktor Chelyabinsk
After three years in Litvínov, Francouz opted to leave as a free agent and continue his career in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) by agreeing to a three-year contract with Russian outfit Traktor Chelyabinsk on 30 April 2015. In his first season with Traktor in 2015–16, Francouz assumed backup duties to Vasili Demchenko. He posted a .924 save percentage despite collecting just 3 wins in 18 games as Chelyabinsk missed the postseason.
The following 2016–17 season, Francouz shared the starting role with Demchenko after initially earning KHL player of the week honors (30 October). He continued his strong play earning a selection to the 2017 All-Star Game. In 30 games with Traktor, Francouz accumulated 14 wins and finished the year with the KHL's best SVS% (.953).
Despite lucrative contract offers and interest, Francouz was not released from the final year of his contract and remained in Traktor for the 2017–18 season. He again shared starting duties and appeared in a season high 35 games with 15 wins, and for the second consecutive season led the league in SVS%. Selected to backstop the club in the postseason, and led Traktor to the Conference Finals before suffering a series defeat to eventual Champions Ak Bars Kazan.
Colorado Avalanche
Francouz signed a one-year, one-way deal of $690,000 with the Colorado Avalanche on 2 May 2018. After attending his first training camp with the Avalanche, Francouz was assigned to begin his first North American season in 2018–19 with American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate the Colorado Eagles. In transitioning to the smaller rink size, Francouz quickly adapted and registered 6 wins through his first 7 games with the Eagles, earning the starting role. He received his first call-up to the Avalanche on 22 December 2018, and immediately made his NHL debut, relieving Philipp Grubauer in a defeat against the Arizona Coyotes. Returning to the Eagles, Francouz was recalled for a second time and made a second consecutive appearance in relief stepping in against the San Jose Sharks on 1 January 2019. He returned to the AHL and was named in the 2019 AHL All-Star Classic before missing it due to injury. He led the Eagles to the postseason with a 27–17–3 record, finishing third in league wins and leading the AHL in saves. In the playoffs, Francouz started all four contests with the Eagles (posting 1 win), yet unable to help advance past the first-round. Joining the Avalanche's extended squad for their postseason run, Francouz was later re-signed to a one-year, $950,000 contract extension on 25 May 2019.
With the departure of longtime Avalanche goaltender Semyon Varlamov in the off-season, Francouz assumed the backup duties for Colorado leading into the 2019–20 season. He became the first Avalanche goaltender since Vitali Kolesnik in 2005, to collect his first win in his first NHL start, backstopping a 3–2 overtime victory over the Arizona Coyotes on 12 October 2019. Assuming a higher workload through injuries to Grubauer, Francouz established himself through November and December, posting a 9–0–1 record over 12 games, the longest undefeated streak since Varlamov in 2014. In the midst of starting a career high 7 straight games, on 21 February 2020, Francouz recorded his first NHL shutout and that same day the Avalanche signed him to a two-year, $4 million extension. He finished the regular season, leading the Avalanche with 21 wins and finishing in league top ten in both save percentage and goals against.
With the NHL returning for the playoffs after the COVID-19 pandemic enforced hiatus, Francouz made his postseason debut in the Western Conference seeding round, becoming the first goaltender in Franchise history to record a shutout in his first start after a 4–0 victory over the Dallas Stars on 5 August 2020. Helping Colorado advance to the second-round, Francouz was drawn into action after a season-ending injury to Philipp Grubauer in the opening series game on 22 August 2020. Hampered by injury himself, Francouz collected 3 defeats through four games against the Stars before he was ruled out through games 5-7 of the series loss.
In the pandemic-delayed 2020–21 season, Francouz having returned from double-knee surgery backed up Grubauer for the opening two games of the campaign before the Avalanche announced that Francouz would be placed on the long-term injured reserve list to have a season-ending double hip surgery on 4 February 2021.
Returning to health, Francouz suffered another setback after injuring his ankle in his first pre-season game for the 2021–22 season on 5 October 2021. Ruled out for the opening two months of the season, Francouz was sent on a conditioning loan in a return to the Colorado Eagles of the AHL. Collecting 3 wins through 4 games, Francouz returned to the Avalanche and made his first NHL appearance in over a year in a 5–2 defeat to the Nashville Predators on 16 December 2021. Returning to action after testing positive to COVID and a team-wide shut down, Francouz quickly regained his level of play and after recording 10 wins through his first 14 games, Francouz opted to forgo free agency to sign another two-year, $4 million extension with the Avalanche on 12 March 2022.
Francouz was summoned into action during the 2022 Stanley Cup playoffs after an eye injury to starter Darcy Kuemper during their first round matchup against the Nashville Predators, and would help the Avalanche win the last two games of the series in a sweep. He would later be named the starter for Game 2 of the Western Conference Finals against the Edmonton Oilers after Kuemper experienced complications to his eye injury. He recorded his second career postseason shutout in the game, stopping all 24 shots he faced. Francouz remained in net for the remainder of the conference finals, helping the Avalanche reach the 2022 Stanley Cup Finals.
International play
Francouz was first introduced to the International stage at the Junior level, competing for the Czech Republic at the Division I 2008 World U18 Championships in Kazan, Russia. As the team's backup he appeared in one game, helping Czech Republic place first in Group A and return to the Top Division for the following year. He next featured for the Czechs at the 2010 World Junior Championship.
Francouz made his senior debut with the Czech Republic, competing in the 2013 World Championship. He made two relief appearances for the Czechs in a seventh-place finish. He was named to the roster of the 2014 World Championships, however failed to feature in a game before making his first full start at the 2016 World Championships.
In the 2017 World Championships he shared netminding duties with Petr Mrázek, posting a 3–1 record with a 1.49 goals against and .910 save percentage. As an established member of the national team, Francouz was next selected to participate at the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, Korea. As the first choice, Francouz appeared in every game for the Czech Republic, posting a 4–2 record in helping reach the semi-finals before losing to Russia. He was unable to prevent the Czechs suffer a 6–4 defeat in the bronze medal game against Canada on 24 February 2018.
On 26 April 2018, Francouz was slated to make his fifth tournament appearance with the Czech Republic after he was selected for the 2018 World Championships.
Personal life
Francouz was born in Plzeň of then Czechoslovakia. When he first started playing hockey, Francouz was a defenseman. His first language is Czech, but he also gained English and Russian fluency in high school. He holds a pilot license, in which he uses throughout the off-season.
Francouz and his wife welcomed their first child in April 2019.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Colorado Avalanche players
Colorado Eagles players
Czech ice hockey goaltenders
HC Litvínov players
HC Oceláři Třinec players
Olympic ice hockey players of the Czech Republic
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
HC Plzeň players
SK Horácká Slavia Třebíč players
HC Slovan Ústečtí Lvi players
Sportspeople from Plzeň
Stanley Cup champions
HC Tábor players
Traktor Chelyabinsk players
Undrafted National Hockey League players
Hiland Hall (July 20, 1795 – December 18, 1885) was an American lawyer and politician who served as 25th governor of Vermont and a United States representative.
Biography
Hall was born in Bennington, Vermont. He attended the common schools, studied law with Bennington attorney Marshall Carter, and was admitted to the bar in 1819 and commenced practice in Bennington. He married Dolly Tuttle Davis on October 27, 1818, and they had seven children; Marshall Carter (known as M. Carter); Eliza Davis; Henry Davis; Hiland Hubbard; Nathaniel Blatchley; Laura Van Der Spiegle; John Van Der Spiegle; and Charles.
Laura was the wife of businessman and lawyer Trenor W. Park. Elizabeth Hall Park, the daughter of Laura Hall and Trenor Park, was the wife of Governor John G. McCullough.
Hiland Hall originally owned the land where the Park-McCullough Historic House now stands, and sold it to Trenor Park in the 1860s so Park could have a home constructed on it. The Park-McCullough House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
Career
Hall was a member of the Vermont House of Representatives in 1827. He served as clerk of Bennington County in 1828 and 1829. He was the county state's attorney from 1828 to 1831.
Hall was elected as an Anti-Jacksonian to the Twenty-second Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Jonathan Hunt. He was re-elected as an Anti-Jacksonian to the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Congresses and elected as a Whig to the Twenty-fifth through Twenty-seventh Congresses and served from January 1, 1833 to March 3, 1843. While in Congress he served as chairman of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims (Twenty-seventh Congress). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1842.
Hall served as the State Bank Commissioner from 1843 to 1846. He was a judge of the Vermont Supreme Court from 1846 to 1850. He was the Second Comptroller of the Treasury from November 27, 1850 to September 10, 1851. He served as United States land commissioner for California from 1851 to 1854, and then returned to Vermont.
Hall was the 25th Governor of Vermont from 1858 to 1860. He was also a member of the Peace Conference of 1861 held in an effort to prevent the start of the American Civil War.
Death and legacy
Hall died in Springfield, Massachusetts, and is interred in the Old Bennington Cemetery. The Hiland Hall School in Bennington is named for him.
References
External links
The Hiland Hall School
National Governors Association
Govtrack US Congress
Ancestry.com
1795 births
1885 deaths
People from Bennington, Vermont
Justices of the Vermont Supreme Court
Members of the Vermont House of Representatives
Governors of Vermont
Vermont National Republicans
Vermont Republicans
Vermont lawyers
Burials in Vermont
Republican Party governors of Vermont
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Vermont
19th-century American politicians
State's attorneys in Vermont
19th-century American judges
19th-century American lawyers
Fiji competed in the 1978 Commonwealth Games in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada from August 3 to August 12, 1978. All of their entrants competed in the lawn bowls competitions.
Lawn bowls
Seven lawn bowlers represented Fiji in 1978.
References
Nations at the 1978 Commonwealth Games
Fiji at the Commonwealth Games
1978 in Fijian sport
Tiana Chanel Brown (born July 13, 1981) is an American dancer.
Brown is known for dancing for Christina Aguilera and for being her good friend, and she can be seen in many of Aguilera's videos. Brown has also toured with Aguilera on her Stripped World Tour and the Back to Basics Tour, and she says her favorite song to dance to is "Dirrty".
She has been dancing professionally for seven years and was inspired to pursue a dancing career by the Britney Spears video "(You Drive Me) Crazy" and Janet Jackson's The Velvet Rope World Tour.
Brown is from Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Tiana trained at Dance of Iowa and at Broadway Dance Center in New York. She has done two world tours with Christina Aguilera, and worked with Jennifer Lopez, Britney Spears, Christina Milian, Toni Braxton, The Pussycat Dolls, The Black Eyed Peas, Fergie, and Snoop Dogg. This beauty performed in the Olympics Closing Ceremonies in Utah and danced the stages on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Tonight Shows, Saturday Night Live several award shows.
Tiana stars in ABC's High School Musical: Get in the Picture as a faculty member, encouraging and helping contestants to make it to the finals.
While on tour, Tiana taught dance to students from 10-20 and also taught with the Universal Dance Association, teaching high school dance teams and preparing them for national competitions. For the last several years, Tiana has returned to the Midwest, producing a workshop for high school dance teams called “Get Down with Tiana Brown”
In her spare time, she likes to watch movies.
Brown has completed touring with Britney Spears' The Circus Starring Britney Spears tour.
Extras
Other artists Brown has danced with are:
The Game
Christina Milian
Toni Braxton
Outkast
The Black Eyed Peas
Paula DeAnda
Mary Mary
Fergie
Kylie Minogue
Britney Spears
Filmography
MTV Making The Video (2000 - 20??)
Stripped Live in the UK (2004)
Fat Albert (2004)
Back To Basics: Live And Down Under (2007)
High School Musical: Get in the Picture (2008)
References
External links
1981 births
American female dancers
Place of birth missing (living people)
American dancers
Living people
21st-century American women
Sydenham may refer to:
Places
Australia
Sydenham, New South Wales, a suburb of Sydney
Sydenham railway station, Sydney
Sydenham, Victoria, a suburb of Melbourne
Sydenham railway line, the name of the Sunbury railway line, Melbourne until 2012
Watergardens railway station, formerly called Sydenham
Canada
Sydenham, Frontenac County, Ontario
Sydenham Ward, a district within the city of Kingston, Ontario
Sydenham, Grey County, Ontario, a former township within Meaford
Owen Sound, Ontario, formerly called Sydenham
Sydenham River (Lake Huron), which empties into Georgian Bay on Lake Huron, Ontario
Sydenham River (Lake Saint Clair), which empties into Lake Saint Clair, Ontario
India
Sydenham College, Mumbai
New Zealand
Sydenham, New Zealand, a suburb of Christchurch
Sydenham (New Zealand electorate), a former Christchurch electorate
South Africa
Sydenham, Durban, an inner city suburb of Durban, South Africa
Sydenham, Gauteng, a suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa
Sydenham, Port Elizabeth, South Africa, on route R75
United Kingdom
London
Sydenham, London
Sydenham railway station (London)
Sydenham Hill
Sydenham Hill railway station
Lower Sydenham railway station
Sydenham High School, a private school for girls
Sydenham School, a state school for girls
Belfast
Sydenham, Belfast, a suburb and electoral ward of East Belfast
Sydenham railway station (Belfast)
Other places in UK
Sydenham, Oxfordshire, near Thame
Sydenham, Somerset, an area of Bridgwater, Somerset
Sydenham, Leamington Spa, a suburb of Royal Leamington Spa, Warwickshire
Sydenham Damerel, Devon
Sydenham House, Devon, the seat built by Sir Thomas Wise in Marystow parish, Devon
United States
Sydenham Hospital for Communicable Diseases, Baltimore
The former Sydenham Hospital, Harlem, New York City
People
Charles Poulett Thomson, 1st Baron Sydenham
John Sydenham (disambiguation)
Thomas Sydenham, English physician
Colonel William Sydenham, Cromwellian soldier and brother of Thomas
Sydenham Elnathan Ancona (1824–1913), Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from
Medicine
Sydenham's chorea, an infectious disease involving the central nervous system
See also
Sydenham House (disambiguation)
Sydenham railway station (disambiguation)
Deli de Luca is a Norwegian convenience store and delicatessen chain founded in 2003 by Adriano Capoferro and four other founding partners (Thor Johansen, Geir Syversen, Terje Bergh and Vesna Milkovic). There are 22 stores in Oslo, four in Bergen, one in Stavanger, two in Trondheim, two in Kristiansand, one in Skien and two in Mo i Rana. Most of the stores are open 24/7. In 2006 62% of the company was bought by NorgesGruppen.
The five founding partners had been colleagues at the convenience store chain 7-Eleven, whose Norwegian franchise is operated by local Norwegian retail giant Reitan-Gruppen. The Deli de Luca founders had been frustrated by what they perceived as a rigid and uncreative environment within Reitan's 7-Eleven business. With the financial support of several silent partners, the five broke out on their own to create a cross between a convenience store and a delicatessen.
According to Capoferro, the sale of Deli de Luca was driven by its financial backers' wish to cash out at a pre-set exit date. The purchase of Deli de Luca by NorgesGruppen included a total cashout by the financial partners and a partial cashout by the five operating partners. NorgesGruppen has a reputation for acquiring smaller Norwegian food retailing chains and leaving them a wide latitude in their branding and front office operations, but leveraging its purchasing power and back office platform to boost operating margins.
See also
List of delicatessens
References
External links
2003 establishments in Norway
Convenience stores
Retail companies of Norway
Retail companies established in 2003
Delicatessens
Karol Bennett is an American soprano known for her performances of lieder, chanson, and oratorio and her championing of music by living composers.
Education
Bennett is a graduate of the University of Missouri-Kansas City, where she studied with Martha Longmire, and Yale University, where she was a student of Phyllis Curtin. Bennett also studied at the Salzburg Mozarteum with Crista Ludwig and spent two summers at the Tanglewood Music Festival.
In 1993, Bennett became the first classical singer awarded a fellowship at the Bunting Institute of Radcliffe College. Her class of fellows included novelist Ann Patchett, who later credited Bennett as the inspiration for the heroine Roxane Coss of her novel Bel Canto,
Career
Bennett has appeared as soloist with the Houston Symphony, St. Paul Chamber Orchestra, Sinfonia Kracovia, Ekaterineburg Philharmonic, San Francisco Contemporary Music Players, Metamorphosen Chamber Orchestra, New York New Music Ensemble, Boston Masterworks Chorale, Boston Cecilia, Boston Classical Orchestra, Da Camera of Houston, Ars Lyrica of Houston, and the Borromeo, Cassatt, Chiara, Boston Composers, Da Ponte, Del Sol, Enso, Flux, Maia, and Mendelssohn String Quartets.
Bennett played the role of Mélisande in the Russian premiere of Claude Debussy's “Pélleas et Mélisande,” conducted by Sarah Caldwell; she also travelled with Caldwell to Russia several times for cultural exchange programs, performing the Russian premiere of Leonard Bernstein's “Kaddish” Symphony in Moscow. Bennett has been a participant at the Bowdoin, Marlboro, Round Top, San Luis Obispo International, and Northwest Bach Festivals, and Artist-in-Residence at MIT, the Universidad Verucruzana, and International Festival of Music in Morelia, Mexico.
Since meeting at Yale as graduate students, Bennett and pianist/composer John McDonald have had a long musical partnership, performing recitals throughout the world. The pair were selected as Artistic Ambassadors for the United States Information Agency, touring Mongolia, Korea, and Taiwan. They were also awarded a Duo Recitalists Grant from the National Endowment for the Arts, touring several West coast universities. Reviewing their 10th anniversary concert in 1991, Boston Globe critic Richard Dyer wrote that theirs is a “partnership that can stand comparison with the great ones of the past.”
While in Boston, Bennett was a performer member of the new music ensemble Extension Works. She also performed frequently with other new music groups such as the Griffin Music Ensemble, Dinosaur Annex, Boston Musica Viva, Collage, ALEA III, NuClassix, Composers in Red Sneakers, the Harvard Group for New Music, and more.
After moving to Houston with her family, Bennett has been Resident Artist of the Houston-based contemporary ensemble Musiqa. In addition to extensive public performances, she has spearheaded Musiqa's educational programs, giving free workshops and performances to over 60,000 students from over 200 Houston area public schools. In 2019, she was awarded the Pro Musicis Foundation's Father Eugene Merlet Award for Community Service.
Bennett has worked closely with Tod Machover and Earl Kim. Bennett's pre-recorded voice is the basis of Machover's "Flora." She also collaborated with Machover on his viola hyperstring concerto "Song of Penance" and the "Brain Opera", which is on permanent exhibition in Vienna. Writing of Bennett's recording of Kim's "Now and Then" and "Three Poems in French", New York Times critic Anthony Tommasini remarked on Bennett's “sumptuous sound, wrenching poignancy, and faultless musicianship” and selected the album for the “Best of Classical: 2001.” Bennett premiered Kim's “Dear Linda” with Boston Musica Viva conducted by Richard Pittman. With the Metamorphosen Chamber Orchestra and conductor Scott Yoo, she gave the posthumous premiere of Kim's “Illuminations” at Jordan Hall in Boston and the Library of Congress.
Other notable premieres include Sebastian Currier's "Deep-Sky Objects", Mark Kilstofte's "The White Album", and Trevor Weston's "Stars", all with Musiqa. Bennett has also been involved in works by Emil Awad, Robert Carl, Peter Child, Mark DeVoto, Robert Kyr, Lewis Spratlan, Augusta Read Thomas, and Andy Vores.
Bennett's contemporary repertoire includes music by Milton Babbitt, Alban Berg, Luciano Berio, Leonard Bernstein, John Cage, John Corigliano, George Crumb, Luigi Dallapiccola, Mario Davidovsky, Henri Dutilleux, Morton Feldman, Hans Werner Henze, Gyorgy Ligeti, Olivier Messiaen, Luigi Nono, Kaija Saariaho, Arnold Schoenberg, Joseph Schwantner, Mark-Anthony Turnage, and Anton Webern. Bennett's recordings also include music by Arthur Gottschalk, John Harbison, Jonathan Harvey, and Arlene Zallmann as well as Benjamin Britten's “Ceremony of Carols” with Boston Cecilia and the Victoria Requiem with Church of the Advent.
Awards
In 1994, Bennett was awarded the Pro Musicis International Prize, which pairs concerts in major venues with community service performances. Bennett's recitals at the Opéra Comique in Paris and a French women's prison were televised. She also gave recitals in Rome, New York's Carnegie Recital Hall, Los Angeles, Boston, and several other cities in France.
Bennett received the UMKC Alumni Award in 1996.
Personal
Bennett married composer and author Anthony Brandt in 1991. They have collaborated on numerous projects, most notably Brandt's chamber operas “The Birth of Something” (2006), “Ulysses, Home” (2014) and oratorio “Maternity” (2012), all of which have been recorded. The couple have three children: Sonya, Gabriel, and Lucian.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American operatic sopranos
Yale University alumni
20th-century American women singers
20th-century American singers
University of Missouri–Kansas City alumni
21st-century American women singers
21st-century American singers
Marq (formerly Lucidpress) is a web-based desktop publishing software application. Built on web standards such as HTML5 and JavaScript, Marq is supported in modern web browsers including Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari and Internet Explorer 8+. Though it started as a platform for single users and small businesses, Marq has found substantial user bases in both education and enterprise spaces.
History
In October 2013, Lucid Software announced Lucidpress as a public beta version. Following its release, Lucidpress was featured in TechCrunch, VentureBeat and PC World, with TechCrunch noting: "I had a chance to test the app before its launch and it is indeed very easy to use. If you've ever used a desktop publishing app in the past, you'll feel right at home with Marq, as it features the same kind of standard top-bar menu and layout options as most other publishing apps. In terms of features, it can also hold its own against similar desktop-based apps."
In May 2015, Lucidpress hit 1 million users. One year later in June 2016, Marq hit 2 million users and announced its Advanced Template Locking feature.
In November 2016, Lucidpress announced its Print & Ship feature, by which users can order printed versions of the documents they create in Marq.
In May 2021, Lucidpress announced that it had been acquired by Charles Thayne Capital ("CTC"), a growth-oriented and technology-focused private investment firm.
In July 2022, Lucidpress officially rebranded to Marq.
Investment
Lucid Software raised $1 million in Seed in 2011, led by Google Ventures.
In May 2014, the company received a $5 million investment. The round was led by Salt Lake-based Kickstart Seed Fund.
In September 2016, the company received a $36 million investment from Spectrum Equity, whose previous investments include other online platforms such as Ancestry.com, Lynda.com, Prezi, and SurveyMonkey. Kickstart Seed Fund and Grayhawk Capital also participated in the round.
See also
Adobe InDesign
Scribus
Lucidchart
Canva
References
External links
Lucid Software website
Graphics software
Cloud applications
Collaborative software
Web applications
Aulus Pompeius was the name of two Romans from the gens Pompeius, who were of plebs status. They lived during the Roman Republic.
Brother to Quintus Pompeius Rufus, Consul 88 BC
Aulus Pompeius (flourished 2nd century BC) was the son Quintus Pompeius tribune of the plebs in 132 BC, who was an opponent to politician Tiberius Gracchus and was the younger brother to the above named. His mother is unknown. Aulus was named after his paternal great, grandfather of the same name.
Very little is known on this Aulus Pompeius. He was elected as tribune of the plebs in 102 BC. His wife's name is not known; they had a son Quintus Pompeius Bithynicus.
According to Greek Historian Diodorus Siculus, Aulus Pompeius died in 102 BC, apparently as a result of a curse placed upon him by Battaces, a Phrygian Priest. Diodorus recounts that Battaces was visiting Rome as an ambassador from the temple of "The Great Mother of the Gods" in Pessinus. Aulus Pompeius, as Tribune, forbade Battaces to wear a golden crown which formed part of his priestly regalia. This provoked a public argument between Battaces and Pompeius on the Forum rostra, during which Battaces cursed Pompeius for insulting The Great Goddess. Pompeius was "immediately struck with a burning fever, after which he lost his voice and was seized with quinsy, dying on the third day." The superstitious people of Rome viewed his death as the result of Battace's curse and thereafter allowed Battaces to wear his full regalia and treated him with respect and honour.
Son of Quintus Pompeius Bithynicus
Aulus Pompeius Bithynicus (flourished 1st century BC) was the son to Senator Cicero's friend Quintus Pompeius Bithynicus by an unnamed woman.
When dictator Gaius Julius Caesar was murdered in March 44 BC, he was serving as a praetor in Sicily. Out of fear of the situation in Rome, Pompeius wrote a letter to Cicero, requesting for his protection, which Cicero promised in his reply.
Pompeius was against the political rebel Sextus Pompeius, gaining control of Messina, however afterwards Pompeius allowed Sextus to control Messina, on the condition that Pompeius would have equal authority of government with Sextus. Afterwards, Sextus ordered Pompeius to be put to death.
Sources for Articles
http://www.ancientlibrary.com/smith-bio/0499.html
http://www.ancientlibrary.com/smith-bio/2807.html
http://www.ancientlibrary.com/smith-bio/2808.html
http://www.ancientlibrary.com/smith-bio/2809.html
References
Pompeii (Romans)
The 2022–23 Ardal NE season (also known as the 2022–23 Lock Stock Ardal NE season for sponsorship reasons) is the second season of the new third-tier northern region football in Welsh football pyramid, part of the Ardal Leagues.
Teams
The league was made up of 16 teams competing for one automatic promotion place to Cymru North, whilst the second-placed team qualified for a play-off with the second-placed team of Ardal NW. The bottom three teams are relegated to Tier 4.
Machynlleth have notified the Football Association of Wales of their withdrawal from the Ardal Leagues. Notifying the league, Machynlleth said: “This decision has come about due to lack of players and commitment".
The FAW's National Game Board (NGB) met on Tuesday, July 5 to discuss who will replace Machynlleth after their late exit. It was opted to promote the Denbighshire based team of Llangollen Town out of the options available.
On 19 July 2022, the league suffered another blow after Berriew became the latest club to withdraw from the North East division. Explaining their decision, they released a statement that read: “The Club has lost a significant number of senior players during the close season and have not been able to replace them."
With just under three weeks until the league season starts, a reprieve or promotion for any other team remains unlikely given the fixture list has been handed out, so remaining with 15-teams is the most logisitical option.
Team changes
To Ardal NE
Promoted from Mid Wales Football League East Division
Builth Wells
Promoted from North East Wales Premier Division
Llangollen Town
Relegated from Cymru North
Llanrhaeadr
Transferred from Ardal NW
Llanuwchllyn
Transferred from Ardal SE
Llandrindod Wells
Rhayader Town
From Ardal NE
Promoted to Cymru North
Chirk AAA
Relegated
Carno
Kerry
Four Crosses
Withdrew from the league
Penparcau
Machynlleth
Berriew
Stadia and locations
Source: Ardal NE Ground Information
Personnel
League table
Results
League champions, runners-up and play-off finalists
Fair Play winner
The winner for each respective division's FAW Fair Play Table was to be given £1,000 prize money and the FAW Fair Play Trophy.
References
External links
Football Association of Wales
Ardal Northern Leagues
Ardal Northern Twitter Page
Tier 3 Rules & Regulations
3
Ardal Leagues
Wales
Dermal Fort (, , transliteration: Dermal Qilа̄)is a fort located from Nashik, in the Nashik district of Maharashtra, India. Though this fort is an important fort in Nashik district, it is less visited by trekkers. In Satana taluka, there are four forts in a line on the Galna hill range, the Pisola fort, Dermal fort, Kankrala fort and Galna fort. This fort is easy to climb but requires two hours to reach the fort. There are very few remains of old buildings on the fort.
How to reach
The nearest town is Nampur which is 110km from Nashik. The base village of the fort is Tinghari which is 12km from Nampur. There are good hotels at Nampur or Taharabad, and now tea and snacks are also available in small hotels at Nampur. The trekking path starts from the East of the village. The route is very safe and passes through open plateau. There is no marked path which leads to the fort, so it is advisable to hire a local guide from the village. It takes about one and half hour to reach the scarp of the fort. The other route starts from village Bilpuri. There is plenty of water available on the fort.
Places to see
The only structure in good condition is a small gate and few water cisterns on the fort. It takes about one-hour to visit all places on the fort. There are stone cut carvings of lord Ganesh and Maruti on the fort. There is a cave wherein 7-8 trekkers can make a night halt.
See also
List of forts in Maharashtra
List of forts in India
Marathi People
Battles involving the Maratha Empire
Maratha Army
Maratha titles
Military history of India
List of people involved in the Maratha Empire
References
Buildings and structures of the Maratha Empire
Forts in Nashik district
16th-century forts in India
Edward Hetsel Schafer (23 August 1913 – 9 February 1991) was an American historian, sinologist, and writer noted for his expertise on the Tang Dynasty, and was a professor of Chinese at University of California, Berkeley for 35 years. Schafer's most notable works include The Golden Peaches of Samarkand and The Vermilion Bird, which both explore China's interactions with other cultures and regions during the Tang dynasty.
Life and career
Edward H. Schafer was born on 23 August 1913 in Seattle, Washington. After completing secondary school, Schafer followed his family to Los Angeles, California, where they sought better economic prospects. The financial hardships brought about by the Great Depression prevented Schafer's family from sending him to university, and he spent seven years working at a wholesale grocery to save up the money required. Although he was unable to attend university during that time, Schafer spent as much time as he could reading and studying at the Los Angeles Public Library, even managing to teach himself the basics of ancient Egyptian.
Schafer was eventually able to enter UCLA as an undergraduate student and spent three years studying there before transferring to University of California, Berkeley for his final year, graduating with a B.A. degree in anthropology. After graduating from Berkeley, Schafer won a grant to study Chinese and was admitted to the University of Hawaii as a graduate student, earning his M.A. in 1940 with a thesis entitled "Persian Merchants in China During the T'ang Dynasty". Schafer then entered Harvard University where he began work on his Ph.D, but his studies were interrupted in December 1941 by the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and the United States' subsequent entry into World War II. During the war Schafer worked as a linguist for the Office of Naval Intelligence and was able to master Japanese, which he had begun studying at Harvard.
After the war's conclusion in 1945, Schafer returned to Berkeley and completed his Ph.D. in 1947 with a dissertation entitled "The Reign of Liu Ch'ang, Last Emperor of Southern Han; A Critical Translation of the Text of Wu Tai shih, with Special Inquiries into Relevant Phases of Contemporary Chinese Civilization". Upon completing his doctorate degree, he was immediately hired by Berkeley's Department of Oriental Languages. In 1949, the University of California Board of Regents adopted a controversial anti-Communist loyalty oath that was required for all faculty, and Schafer was one of 18 individuals who were fired for refusing to sign the oath. Schafer was supported in his decision by the rest of the Oriental Studies faculty and steadfastly refused to capitulate; he, along with the 17 other fired faculty members, was later reinstated with full back pay. Schafer earned tenure in 1953, was promoted to full professor in 1958, and in 1969 was given the Agassiz Professorship of Oriental Languages and Literature. During the 1970s, Schafer worked on the University of California policy change that allowed women to be given full professor status. Schafer decided to retire in 1984, and shortly before his official retirement was honored with the position of Faculty Research Lecturer, the highest position a Berkeley faculty member may be given.
Schafer served as president of the American Oriental Society for the 1975-1976 academic year, and from 1955 to 1968 served as East Asia Editor of the Journal of the American Oriental Society. He is known for his belief in Sinology, which emphasized philology, language skills and classical texts, an approach often contrasted with the Area Studies, which emphasized recent history and social science theories. His publications include over 100 scholarly articles and more than a dozen books.
Schafer died in California in 1991, aged 77, following a short battle with liver cancer.
Selected works
Schafer, Edward H. (1947). "The Reign of Liu Ch'ang, Last Emperor of the Southern Han: A Critical Translation of the Text of Wu Tai shih, with Special Inquiries into Relevant Phases of Contemporary Chinese Civilization". Ph.D dissertation, University of California, Berkeley.
––– (1961). Tu Wan's Stone Catalogue of Cloudy Forest: A Commentary and Synopsis. Berkeley, Los Angeles: University of California Press.
––– (1963). The Golden Peaches of Samarkand: A Study of T'ang Exotics. Berkeley, Los Angeles: University of California Press.
––– (1967). The Vermilion Bird: T'ang Images of the South. Berkeley, Los Angeles: University of California Press.
––– (1977). Pacing the Void: T'ang Approaches to the Stars. Berkeley, Los Angeles: University of California Press.
––– (1981). "Wu Yün's 'Cantos on Pacing the Void'". Harvard Journal of Asiatic Studies 41, pp. 377–415.
References
Footnotes
Works cited
Cahill, James, Elizabeth Colson, and Jeffrey Riegel (1991). "Edward Schafer". University of California: In Memoriam, 1991, pp. 183–85.
Honey, David B. (1991). "Edward Hetsel Schafer (1913–1991)". Journal of Asian History, vol. 25, no. 2, pp. 181–93.
External links
"History of Chinese at Berkeley"
Edward H. Schafer, "Non Translation and Functional Translation: Two Sinological Maladies" (Archive)
1913 births
1991 deaths
20th-century American historians
American male non-fiction writers
20th-century American writers
American sinologists
Tang dynasty
University of California, Berkeley faculty
Writers from Seattle
20th-century American male writers
Aralia cordata is an upright herbaceous perennial plant growing up to in height, native to Japan, Korea and eastern China. Its common names include spikenard, herbal aralia, udo (from ), Japanese spikenard, and mountain asparagus. It is commonly found on the slopes of wooded embankments. Aralia cordata is a species of Aralia in the family Araliaceae.
The plant yields new shoots every spring, which are blanched and then eaten as a vegetable. In Korea, the dried root of the plant has been traditionally used as medicine. The young shoots have a strong yet pleasant distinct aromatic flavor. In addition to food and medicinal use, the plant is cultivated as an ornamental.
Description
Aralia cordata is classified as a dicot and a eudicot. The leaves are alternate, large, and double to triple pinnate with leaflets long, and broad. The flowers are produced in large umbels of diameter in late summer, each flower small and white. The fruit is a small black drupe diameter, and may be toxic to humans.
In the wild, the plant achieves a height of . It has golden leaves in the spring and an abundance of large bright green ones in the summer. It has a hefty and plump root stock with shoots in length. It can reach optimal growth when planted in rich soil. During the summer it produces loose flower bunches in length, which are attractive to bees and flies, making it ideal for beekeepers. It can be grown using seed or propagated from cuttings.
History
Aralia cordata is widely grown for food in Japan. In the early 1900s it was imported into the United States; however, it did not become popularly commercialized. In Korea, the dried root has been traditionally used as medicine to treat inflammation, fever and pain.
Cultivation
Growing conditions
Aralia cordata can be grown in normal, sandy, or clay soil with a neutral or acidic content of pH 5.0 to 7.5. Organic material should be added to clays and sands. It is an easy plant to grow, and does not require fertilizer. The plant grows rapidly, attaining a size up to in height and width in a single growing season. It can tolerate freezing temperatures during winter, as it dies back and then re-grows in the spring, yielding for six years or more. It requires little labor; however the shoots require blanching if intended for food use. It must be grown in a climate of minimal to no drought, and can grow well in moist and rainy areas, and mountainous areas. It is generally grown in the wild, but can be grown in fields, cellars, or nurseries. The plant prefers light shade, but can grow in full shade, or in full sun, provided that it has a reliable water source.
The seed propagation requires numerous months of stratification for effective germination. Seeds generally do not germinate well directly after harvesting or in dry storage, but germinate well in cold moist sand. Low temperature treatments facilitate the germination process. Chilling treatments are useful to overcome the dormancy of seeds in dry storage. Domestic seeds germinate more effectively than wild ones. The plant propagates readily by root suckering, allowing it to produce indefinitely.
Diseases
The disease “Rootrot” targets the stems and roots only observable when three-fourths of its growth has been reached. In large plants, which can have 10 to 15 stems, the leaves wither very gradually from the base to the top, and the plant can take an entire growing season to completely die. The leaves and the stems turn brown and the roots deteriorate, with numerous large black fungi. In small plants, the leaves wilt, the petioles deteriorate, and the stems decay until the entire plant breaks down. In humidity, an abundance of white fungus grows over the exterior. Insects and rodents may be responsible for distributing fungus, or infected soil may enter the roots through root hairs, deceased roots, or lesions from cultivation or cutting. Land should be chosen with no susceptible vegetation. Plants should be grown from seed, minimizing the risk of contamination from root cuttings. Tools should be washed, and gardeners should be cautious about the particles they and their animals introduce. Cutting the plants during cultivation should be avoided. When the field has become infected, cultivation should be suspended for several years. The disease may be controlled, but there were no susceptible or resistant varieties known .
The disease “Wilt” causes the leaves to turn yellow, then brown, and eventually dry up. The petioles die, continuing to cling to the stalks for a frequent amount of time. In the case of an infected field, an alternative field with thick soil should be used, as Wilt is less damaging on this type. To prevent and control the disease, it may be sanitary to remove deceased, worn, and diseased vegetation, soil, and compost. At the end of the season, the soil and plants should be sorted to minimize the risk of accumulated disease.
Genetic stock
There is genetic diversity of this crop in the provinces of China; however further research is required. There is genetic similarity between Aralia cordata and Aralia hispida, as in prehistoric times there was a close connection between Eastern Asia and North America, facilitating the migration of plant species. The northern variation is less matured, with smaller stem hairs, fewer nodes, side shoots, and leaves than the southern variation, potentially caused by earlier flourishing. In domestic stocks there is not as much variation, although they are similar to the wild stocks of the south, which have shorter dormancy periods.
Culinary use
Japan
The edible stem is sometimes boiled and served in miso soup. Despite its size, Aralia cordata is not a woody plant, as udo has a very soft stem, making it unsuitable for use as lumber. In addition, the stems become inedible if they grow too large. This fact is referenced in the popular saying udo no taiboku (), literally "great tree of udo", which is used metaphorically to refer to a person or object that is useless despite its large size.
Young stems are consumed from the roots and added to soups and salads. It must be properly cooked, as the raw stems are coated in a resin tasting similar to pine. Prior to eating, they should be thinly sliced and boiled in water a few times or placed in chilled water for an hour to eliminate the resin. The stems may be cooked like asparagus.
Korea
The plant is called ttangdureup (, "land angelica") in Korean. Young shoots of spikenards are harvested during a month, from early April to early May, when they are soft and fragrant. In Korean cuisine, the shoots are commonly eaten blanched as namul, pickled as jangajji, pan-fried as jeon, or grilled as sanjeok. In Imsil County, they are also used for maeuntang (spicy fish stew).
Dishes
Ttangdureup-jangajji – a type of jangajji (pickle), made by blanching spikenards and pickling it. The pickling sauce is made by boiling the mixture of soy sauce, water, maesil-cheong (plum syrup), sugar, and vinegar with kelp, then cooling it.
Ttangdureup-jeon – a type of jeon, made by blanching spikenards, coating them with starch and eggwashing them, then pan-frying them in oil
Ttangdureup-maeun-tang – a type of maeun-tang (spicy soup), made of freshwater fish such as Amur catfish. In Imsil County, spikenards replace siraegi (dried radish greens) in maeuntang recipes. The stew can be made by boiling fish with big chunks of radish, then adding spikenards, onion, aehobak, Java waterdropwort, oyster mushrooms, red chilli, and spicy sauce. The spicy sauce, usually prepared the day before and left in the fridge overnight, can be made by mixing gochujang (chilli paste), doenjang (bean paste), gochugaru (chilli powder), toasted perilla seeds, minced garlic, and ground ginger.
Ttangdureup-muchim – a type of namul, made by blanching the shoots in salted water, seasoning them with soup soy sauce, chopped scallions, minced garlic, sesame oil, and toasted sesame seeds
Nutritional information
Per 100 grams of raw stem, Aralia cordata contains 220 mg of potassium, 7 mg of calcium, 9 mg of magnesium, 25 mg of phosphorus, 0.2 mg of iron, 0.1 mg of zinc and 4 mg of vitamin C.
Economics
Aralia cordata is popularly grown in Korea and Japan, and is grown in North America for use in exotic cuisine, and as an ornamental plant. It has a great potential for medicine to reduce fever and symptoms of disease. The root is often used in China as a substitute for ginseng, which is another member of the Araliaceae, or ivy family.
Aralia cordata must be cooked, soaked, or peeled to eliminate the resinous taste, which may impede its wider adoption.
Notes
References
Kwon, T. R., Kim, S. K., Min, G. G., Jo, J. H., Lee, S. P., Choi, B. S. (1995). Seed germination of Aralia cordata Thunb. and effect of mulching methods on yield and blanching. Journal of the Korean Society for Horticultural Science 36 (5): 620-627
Weimer, J.L. (1923). Two Diseases of Udo(Aralia cordata Thunb). Journal of agricultural research XXVI (6)271-278.
Kim, C. J., Park, T. W., Cho, B. J., Lee, J. Y., Kim, T. D. 2010. The analgesic and anti-inflammatory effects of 7-oxosandaracopimaric acid isolated from the roots of Aralia cordata. Archives of Pharmacal Research 33 (4): 509-514
Hibino, T., Shibata, D., Ito, T., Tsuchiya, D., Higuchi, T., Pollet, B., Lapierre, C. 1994. Chemical properties of lignin from Aralia cordata. Phytochemistry 37 (2): 445–448.
Lee, K. S., Lee, J. C., Soh, W.Y. 2002. High frequency plant regeneration from Aralia cordata somatic embryos. Plant Cell, Tissue and Organ Culture 68 (3): 241–246.
Kimura, M. 2008. Effects of blanching treatment on the essential oil and the oil ducts of udo (Aralia cordata Thunb.). Acta horticulturae 769: 479–487.
New Plants. Horticulture Week. March 16, 2012. p. 11.
IMAZU, T., OSAWA, T. (1958). Studies on udo, Aralia cordata THUNB. (2). Journal of the Japanese Society for Horticultural Science 27 (3).
IMAZU, T., OSAWA, T. (1960). Studies on udo, Aralia cordata THUNB. III. Journal of the Japanese Society for Horticultural Science 29 (1).
Messrs., Lathrop., Fairchild. (1903). ARALIA CORDATA. Udo. Yokohama, Japan. Kan Udo 1013.
Magness, J.R., G.M. Markle, C.C. Compton. (1971). Food and feed crops of the United States. Interregional Research Project IR-4, IR Bul. 1 (Bul. 828 New Jersey Agr. Expt. Sta.).
Aralia cordata. Learn2grow. 2006–2013.
Zhuravlev, Y. N., Artyukova, E. V., Kozyrenko, M. M., Reunova, G. D. (2002). Genetic Relationships among Far Eastern Species of the Family Araliaceae Inferred by RAPD Analysis. Russian Journal of Genetics 39 (1): 46–51.
Qu, F., Zhou, J., Zhou, Z., Li, H., Burrows, E. (2009). Genetic Analysis of Aralia Cordata Thunb by RAPD. Afr J Tradit Complement Altern Med 6(1): 17–22.
Natural Agriculture. (2005). Namayasai.
Walters Gardens Inc. 2013. Perennial Resource.
External links
cordata
Medicinal plants of Asia
Flora of China
Flora of Eastern Asia
Perennial vegetables
The Tabasaran Principality or Principality of Tabasaran was an independent monarchic state in southern Dagestan, existing from 1642 until the later 19th century. It emerged as one of many smaller states from the disintegration of the Shamkhalate of Gazikumukh in 1642. It was located in the Samur river valley, roughly coinciding with the region in which the Tabasaran people still reside today. Its location close to the main road between Derbent and Shirvan gave it some strategic importance.
The population of the principality was mainly composed of Tabasarans and Lezgins, and minor Caucasian tribes such as Tsakhurs, Rutuls and Aguls. The state was governed by two sovereigns, one of which was called Ghāzī, the other Ma‘ṣūm. It could mobilize an army of 500 cavalrymen.
The independence of the principality came to an end in the course of the Russian conquest of the Caucasus. Today the region is part of the Dagestan Republic within the Russian Federation.
Literature
Marie Broxup, The North Caucasus Barrier: The Russian Advance Towards the Muslim World, C. Hurst & Co. Publishers, 1996, p. 34
References
Dagestan
History of Dagestan
Former monarchies of Europe
States and territories established in 1642
Felix Ashton Ellis (born 22 January 1990) is an Australian politician, who was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly on 17 August 2020 in a recount to fill a vacancy for the division of Braddon. A member of the Liberal Party, Ellis is a member of the Rockliff ministry, serving as Minister for Police, Fire and Emergency Management, Resources, and Skills, Training and Workforce Growth.
Early life and education
Ellis was born in Brisbane and raised in Western Australia, including in remote aboriginal communities. Ellis graduated from Hale School in 2007 before completing an apprenticeship in plumbing and gas fitting with the family business.
He moved to Tasmania in 2014 after his mother had moved there earlier, and worked as a plumber on Tasmania's West Coast.
Political career
Ellis was an unsuccessful Liberal candidate for Braddon at the 2018 Tasmanian state election, before being elected on countback caused by the resignation of Joan Rylah in August 2020.
Following the 2018 state election, there was speculation that Ellis was considering running for federal parliament however, he was ineligible for the 2018 Braddon by-election as he maintains dual Australian and Lithuanian citizenship.
Ellis was widely praised for his maiden speech which detailed his family's journey from the ruins of Lithuania following World War II, to ultimately, settling in Tasmania.
At the 2021 election, Ellis received the second highest first preference vote of all Braddon's 21 candidates, although he was unable to hold his seat on preferences. However, Ellis was re-elected in a countback following the resignation of Adam Brooks immediately after the poll.
Since his election, Ellis has been widely criticised by the Australian Greens and Bob Brown Foundation for his support of the mining and forestry industries in Tasmania. Ellis has been a vocal supporter of the Tasmanian Government's workplace protection legislation saying, "It is completely unacceptable for workers at Venture Minerals' Riley Mine to come to work to find they can't get on site because greenies are chained to the front gates and machinery."
Ellis caused a significant controversy in the final days of the 2021 election campaign when the global vegan community voiced criticism of him after he posted to social media a photo of himself eating a burger with the caption "Allergies: vegan food ...".
In September 2021, Ellis used a speech in parliament to criticise Tasmanian Greens Leader Cassy O'Connor after she claimed the Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison was part of a 'death cult''', referring to his membership of a Pentecostal church. Ellis said O'Connor's comments were "a sad reflection of a creeping, hateful, anti-Christian intolerance".
Ellis voted against legislation to legalise euthanasia in March 2021, stating in an opinion editorial that "If we cannot yet create a system that cares which is free from abuse, I cannot see how we can create a system that kills which is free from abuse."'' Ellis was one of only six MPs to vote against the legislation.
On 28 February 2022, Ellis was promoted to Parliamentary Secretary to the Premier, and Government Whip.
Following the resignation of Jacquie Petrusma, Ellis was elevated to the Ministry on 27 July 2022. Ellis was appointed as Minister for Police, Fire and Emergency Management, Resources, and Skills, Training and Workforce Growth.
Personal life
Ellis is married to former ABC Landline journalist Margot Kelly. and they have one son.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Tasmania
21st-century Australian politicians
Australian people of Lithuanian descent
Anthony Carl Tommasini (born 14 April 1948) is an American music critic and author who specializes in classical music. Described as "a discerning critic, whose taste, knowledge and judgment have made him a must-read", Tommasini was the chief classical music critic for The New York Times from 2000 to 2021. Also a pianist, he has released two CDS and two books on the music of his colleague and mentor, the composer and critic Virgil Thomson.
A classical music enthusiast since his youth, Tommasini attended both Yale University and Boston University to study piano, and then taught music at Emerson College. In 1986 he left academia to write music criticism for The Boston Globe. Tommasini joined the Times in 1996 and became their chief classical music critic in 2000 for over two decades. He traveled to cover important premieres of contemporary classical music, encouraged diversity in both classical repertoire and ensembles, and wrote books covering influential operas and composers.
Early life and education
Anthony Carl Tommasini was born in Brooklyn, New York on 14 April 1948. He grew up in a family of five in Malverne on Long Island, New York. Though his parents were not musically inclined, Tommasini was interested in classical music from a young age. Beginning piano lessons in his youth, at 16 years of age he won a piano competition at The Town Hall in Manhattan, performing a Mozart concerto. From age 15 on, he regularly attended the Metropolitan Opera, with operas by Puccini being particular favorites. Other impressionable performances included Joan Sutherland as Lucia in Donizetti's Lucia di Lammermoor; Birgit Nilsson as the title role of Puccini's Turandot; Renata Tebaldi as Mimì in Puccini's La bohème; and Leontyne Price as the title role of Verdi's Aida. From his teens, Tommasini also cites a performance of Leonard Bernstein conducting the New York Philharmonic in Beethoven's Symphony No. 3 and Stravinsky's The Rite of Spring as particularly inspirational. He was a fan of the pianist Rudolf Serkin, whose recitals he frequently attended, and was overwhelmed by Igor Stravinsky conducting the Symphony of Psalms at the Lincoln Center. A graduate of Saint Paul's School in Garden City, New York, Tommasini studied piano with Donald Currier at Yale University, receiving a Bachelor of Arts (1970) and a Master of Music (1972). He subsequently earned a Doctor of Musical Arts (1982) from Boston University, during which he studied with the pianist Leonard Shure. A decade later, he won the 1998 Boston University School of Music Distinguished Alumni Award.
Career
Based in Boston, Tommasini taught music at Emerson College from 1978 to 1986, and also led nonfiction writing workshops at Wesleyan University and Brandeis University. At Emerson, he met the composer Virgil Thomson in 1985, and Thomson became both a friend and mentor. Tommasini published a survey of Thomson's piano music, Virgil Thomson's Musical Portraits (1986), which was a revision and expansion of his 1982 DMA dissertation. He was denied tenure at Emerson College, as the college eliminated his position; Tommasini later noted that although disappointing, "the best thing that ever happened to me was not getting tenure at Emerson, or I might still be there, and none of [my future criticism career] would've happened".
In response, Tommasini turned to music criticism. He was a freelancer, and wrote for The Boston Globe for a decade, beginning in 1986.
Tommasini became a staff writer for The New York Times in 1996, and was promoted to chief classical music critic in 2000. In addition to Thomson, his mentors include Richard Dyer, who was chief classical music critic of The Boston Globe for 33 years. At the Times, Tommasini traveled for important premieres of contemporary classical music, including Saariaho's L'Amour de loin (2000), Adès's The Tempest (2004) and Turnage's Anna Nicole (2011). He covered certain musicians particularly often, such as Peter Serkin, Leif Ove Andsnes, Michael Tilson Thomas and Esa-Pekka Salonen. Tommasini often advocated for increased diversity in the classical music world; his comment that "American orchestras should think a little less about how they play and a little more about what they play and why they play it" is often quoted. In this regard, his colleagues at the Times described him as "something of a provocateur: challenging the field to take more risks, embrace new music and rethink old, hidebound habits". Tommasini's 2020 article which suggested blind auditions be abandoned so race can be considered to assist in diversifying ensembles was met with "intense debate". Tommasini stepped down from his post in 2021; with a 21 year tenure he has been chief classical music critic of The New York Times for the longest period since Olin Downes. In April 2022, music critic Zachary Woolfe was named Tommasini's successor as chief classical music critic for the Times.
Tommasini is the author of Virgil Thomson: Composer on the Aisle, which received the 1998 ASCAP-Deems Taylor Award, and Opera: A Critic's Guide to the 100 Most Important Works and the Best Recordings. Also a pianist, Tommasini made two recordings of music by Virgil Thomson for Northeastern Records, Portraits and Self-Portraits and Mostly About Love: Songs and Vocal Works. Both were funded through grants from the National Endowment for the Arts.
Tommasini lives on Central Park West in Manhattan, New York City with his husband Ben McCommon, who is a psychiatrist. After his leave from the Times at the end of 2021, Tommasini said he might return to teaching, and that he has two further book ideas.
Selected publications
Books
<
Articles
Discography
References
Notes
Citations
Sources
External links
Four part interview "Musical Moments" interview with Anthony Tommasini
1948 births
People from Long Island
Writers from Brooklyn
Living people
Boston University College of Fine Arts alumni
Yale University alumni
American music critics
Opera critics
Emerson College faculty
Critics employed by The New York Times
Classical music critics
LGBT writers from the United States
20th-century American pianists
LGBT people from New York (state)
LGBT journalists from the United States
American male pianists
21st-century American pianists
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century LGBT people
Teunis Steven Schuurman (born September 1975) is a Dutch technology and media entrepreneur, best known for co-founding and being the first CEO of Elastic, a data search and analytics company listed at the NYSE (ESTC). After stepping down as CEO of Elastic in 2017, he started to work towards dedicating his time and resources exclusively to philanthropy. He is also the co-founder of Atlantis Entertainment, SpringSource and the founder of the non-profit organisations the Dreamery Foundation and FutureNL.
Career
Schuurman started his career in 2000 at Sogyo, a software consulting and project delivery company. Initially, he was stationed at Business Objects. In 2002 he shifted his focus towards the commercial growth of Sogyo.
In 2005, Schuurman left Sogyo and became the co-owner and Director of the Amsterdam based JTeam, an Amsterdam-based software application development company. Months after joining JTeam, Schuurman left and co-founded the open-source company SpringSource with Rod Johnson, Jürgen Höller, and Alef Arendsen. Originally branded Interface21, SpringSource delivered products and services around the open-source Enterprise Java framework, the Spring Framework. After having raised various mid-sized rounds of venture capital from venture capital firms Benchmark (Peter Fenton) and Accel (Kevin Efrusy). In August 2009 SpringSource was acquired by VMware (NYSE: VMW) for $420 million USD.
In December 2009, Schuurman left VMware to come back to JTeam as the CEO. During his 2 year tenure as CEO, Schuurman acquired several companies with JTeam, growing the company by 500%. JTeam rebranded to Orange11 and was acquired in 2012 by the Danish software company Trifork.
Elastic
Schuurman co-founded Elastic NV, formerly known by the name of its product Elasticsearch, with Shay Banon, Uri Boness and Simon Willnauer. Elastic is a search company that builds self-managed and SaaS offerings for search, logging, analytics, and security use cases. Under Schuurman's leadership, the company became one of Europe's fastest-growing technology scale-ups. In the first 2 years of his tenure as CEO, Schuurman raised various rounds of venture capital investment from Benchmark (Peter Fenton), Index Ventures (Mike Volpi), and New Enterprise Associates (Harry Weller, 1969-2016). In May 2017, Schuurman stepped down as CEO of Elastic, and co-founder Shay Banon took over.
In October 2018 Elastic went public on the New York Stock Exchange for an introduction price of $36 per share and an opening price of $70, indicating a 94% jump. Elastic is listed as ESTC. Currently, Schuurman serves on the board of directors of Elastic as a non-executive board director.
Atlantis Entertainment
In January 2016, Schuurman co-founded the Hollywood Hills-based media & entertainment company Atlantis Entertainment together with Nuno Bettencourt and Rene Rigal. Atlantis Entertainment is a full-service media & production company, which creates and produces content through ventures integrating film & television, music, branded entertainment, commercials & digital content. Schuurman serves on the board of directors of Atlantis Entertainment.
Wealth
According to Forbes, Schuurman has a wealth of US$1.5 billion. Schuurman has stated that he has limited interest in money and material items and plans to put his wealth to use for protecting future generations. He currently ranks #2035 on the 2021 Forbes list of the wealthiest people.
Philanthropy
In 2020, Schuurman founded The Dreamery Foundation, which aims to positively contribute to keeping our planet inhabitable for future generations. The foundation financially supports existing initiatives that contribute to achieving its mission. Schuurman has credited the extensive research of the effective altruism community as a major influence.
Since September 2018, Schuurman has been a board member at the Rijksmuseum Fund foundation. As of January 2020, Schuurman serves on the board of Techleap.nl. Schuurman's initial philanthropic activities took place through the foundation he founded in 2014, FutureNL. This foundation aims to bring digital literacy to primary and secondary schools in the Netherlands. According to the foundation, it currently reaches over 60% of primary school children and 40% of secondary school children. Schuurman currently serves on the board of FutureNL as chairman. In 2021 Schuurman joined The Giving Pledge, a campaign established by Bill Gates and Warren Buffett to persuade and recruit extremely wealthy people to contribute a majority of their wealth to philanthropic causes.
Politics
Leading up to the Dutch elections in March 2021, Schuurman made donations to political parties in The Netherlands. Via the Dreamery Foundation, he donated €1,000,000 to D66, and another €350,000 to the Party for the Animals. This was the first time in the history of Dutch politics that a private individual has made donations at this scale. Schuurman elaborated on his rationale to make these donations, and the reasons for making them openly, in the Dutch national newspaper Trouw on March 4, 2021.
Schuurman explicitly reported not to be a member of any political party, including D66 and Party for the Animals. The stated objective of his donations was to support those parties who have the most rigorous and actionable, comprehensive plans for climate action, and long-term thinking.
Before the German federal election in September 2021, Schuurman donated €1,250,000 to the German Greens.
Awards
In 2014 Schuurman was listed on Goldman Sachs list of Most Intriguing Entrepreneurs. In 2015, Schuurman won the LOEY award, Holland's Entrepreneur of the Year award for technology entrepreneurs.
Past activities
Schuurman served as chairman of the board of Dutch scaleup Geophy from 2018 until 2020, and as a board member of Dutch non-profit Smart Parks Foundation from 2018 until 2021.
References
Living people
Dutch chief executives in the technology industry
Dutch businesspeople
Dutch corporate directors
1975 births
Clifford Sanford Elfelt (Chicago, Illinois, December 13, 1892 – Los Angeles, California, September 3, 1975) was an American silent film director, writer and producer. He was active in the silent film industry from 1916 up to 1926, worked with Universal Studios, was head of Metropolitan Pictures Corporation of California and had his own Clifford S. Elfelt Productions company. He was married to the actress Gladys E. Fry (1903 - 1991, also known as June LaVere), who divorced him in 1923.
Filmography
Director
1916 Muggins (Short)
1916 The Cry of Conscience (Short)
1916 The Eternal Way (Short)
1916 For Her Mother's Sake (Short)
1916 The Song of the Woods (Short)
1916 Little Brownie's Bravery (Short)
1916 Weapons of Love (Short)
1916 A Great Love (Short)
1922 Flaming Hearts
1922 Big Stakes
1923 Crimson Gold
1923 Danger
1924 $50,000 Reward
1925 Fighting Courage
1926 Under Fire
External links
Fultonhistory.com, search for June la Vere and Clifford Elfelt
Search.ancestry.com
1892 births
1975 deaths
People from Chicago
Silent film directors
Articles containing video clips
Film directors from Illinois
John Dolan Bookman (September 6, 1932 – October 23, 1995) was a professional American football cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) and the American Football League (AFL). He played for three seasons for the NFL's New York Giants and the AFL's Dallas Texans and New York Titans.
External links
1932 births
1995 deaths
Players of American football from Baton Rouge, Louisiana
American football cornerbacks
Miami Hurricanes football players
New York Giants players
Dallas Texans (AFL) players
New York Titans (AFL) players
Gregory Van Maanen (born November 3, 1937 in Paterson, New Jersey) is an artist who has been exhibiting work since 1988. He has had several solo shows at Cavin-Morris Gallery in New York as well as a solo show at Rutgers University. His work has been widely shown in group exhibitions and Van Maanen's art is in the permanent collections of the New Orleans Museum of Art, First Bank of Minneapolis, National Vietnam Veterans Art Museum, New Jersey State Council of the Arts, Jersey City Museum, Morris Museum, and others.
Life
Gregory Van Maanen began his work as an artist following discharge from the Army. A New Jersey native and Vietnam War veteran, he received a Purple Heart in honor of his service. Like many veterans, he deals with tortuous memories of Vietnam and suffers from post-traumatic shock. A bullet remains in his shoulder from wounds suffered during the war.
Van Maanen served in the Vietnam War between June 1968 and January 1970 and was discharged and sent home after undergoing severe physical and mental impairments, including post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). After several years of traveling, Van Maanen began to paint voraciously—on surfaces ranging from found objects to scrap board—to help him deal with the difficulties of PTSD and exorcise the demons in his mind.
Process
After several years of traveling, Van Maanen began to paint voraciously—on surfaces ranging from found objects to scrap board—to help him deal with the difficulties of PTSD and exorcise the demons in his mind. His paintings feature skulls, all-seeing eyes, open palms, glowing hearts, and a plethora of personalized symbols of protection. Some of the images may at first seem frightening, but the artist sees them as “good magic,” as talismans intended to keep evil at bay and signs of magic, of solace, and of survival. Van Maanen continues to converse with the spirit world and make art every day. The shrapnel lodged in his shoulder still plagues him, and he is frank about the reality of living with PTSD. Yet he remains a firm believer in the healing power of art for veterans and nonveterans alike. Painting provides him with the means to address his internal struggles. His art-making — his escape — is a record of the thoughts, images, names, demons, memories, and hopes to populate his internal world.
References
1937 births
Living people
American artists
People from Paterson, New Jersey
Chaenactis artemisiifolia, with the common name white pincushion, is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family. It is native to the coastal Peninsular Ranges of Southern California and Baja California, in the chaparral and woodlands.
Description
Chaenactis artemisiifolia is a robust annual herb producing an erect stem occasionally as tall as two meters-6 feet but usually under one meter-3 feet in height. There is a basal rosette of leaves and sparse leaves along the stem. The leaves are up to about 15 centimeters (6 inches) or more in length and they are divided into many lobes which are further subdivided into smaller, lacy lobes. The leaves and stem are lightly woolly; older plants have thinner coats of hair.
The stem branches about midway up and bears several flower heads in a wide open inflorescence. Each head is a hairy hemispheric cup of sharp-tipped phyllaries which can be up to a centimeter long. The flower heads are discoid, containing only disc florets, but some of them are flat enough to resemble ray florets or petals. The florets are white to pink. The anthers and curly styles protrude far from each floret, making the flower head look like a pincushion. The fruit is a compressed achene about half a centimeter long with no pappus.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment - Chaenactis artemisiifolia
united States Department of Agriculture Plants Profile forChaenactis artemisiifolia (white pincushion)
Chaenactis artemisiifolia - Calphotos Photo gallery, University of California
artemisiifolia
Flora of California
Flora of Baja California
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Natural history of the Santa Monica Mountains
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
Plants described in 1849
The Global Humanitarian Forum was a non-profit foundation in Geneva, Switzerland, active from 2007 to 2010. Presided over by former United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan, its secretariat was established by Meinrad Studer, assigned by the SDC. Subsequently, the forum was led by CEO and Director General Walter Fust. The Forum intended to serve as an independent platform for debate and collaboration on global humanitarian issues. Its activities included research projects, advocacy and projects to deal with humanitarian concerns.
The organisation encountered serious financial diffulties due to which the Forum had to dismiss its staff in March 2010. On 31 March 2010 the Swiss Federal Department of Foreign Affairs announced that the Forum was over-indebted and obliged to cease its activity.
Projects
The Forum's centerpiece event, the Annual Forum, was held each summer in Geneva. It gathered some 400 senior international participants from public, private and non-governmental sectors.
Other Forum projects included:
The ‘tck tck tck' campaign was created by the Global Humanitarian Forum and strategic communications partner Havas Worldwide/Euro RSCG. 'tck tck tck' was subsequently adopted as the unifying symbol for many civil society organizations worldwide, including a coalition of leading NGOs who campaigned for a fair and ambitious global agreement on climate change to be reached at the 2009 Copenhagen Climate Conference (COP15). The Forum and Havas launched their own 'tck tck tck Time for Climate Justice' campaign in June 2009 at the 56th Cannes International Advertising Festival. The 'tck tck tck' symbol communicates a sense of urgency as time ticked down to the start of COP15 as well as the level of urgency for taking serious action to tackle climate change itself. All 'tck tck tck' material is open source and its creative use is encouraged.
The Weather Info for All Initiative was a public-private partnership that supported adaptation to climate change worldwide by reinforcing the capacities of National Meteorological Services. The Initiative harnesses the growth of telecommunications services to install automatic weather stations (which report on humidity, temperature and other basic measures) at mobile network sites across the African continent. These locations are ideal as they provide connectivity, power and security. The automatic weather stations help fill the existing ground level weather observation gap and the delivery of accurate weather forecasts and early warnings via mobile short message service (SMS), thus aiming to help those worst affected by, and most vulnerable to the effects of climate change. Strategic partners include The Earth Institute at Columbia University, Ericsson, the World Meteorological Organization, Zain and Fairmount Weather Systems, Ltd.
The Youth Forum was a platform for young people to come together and help solve humanitarian problems.
The Human Impact Report was a major research project launched in May 2009. The resulting report has been widely criticised upon its publication. The first flagship research publication of the Forum, it was intended to be the first report comprehensively documenting the adverse impacts of climate change on human society. It was reviewed by a panel including climate change experts such as Saleemul Huq and Hans Schellnhuber, and development and disaster management experts such as Nitin Desai, Jeffrey Sachs and Margareta Wahlström. The report notably includes global estimates of loss of life, economic losses and other impacts linked to climate change, including that over 300,000 people die each year due to climate change – numbers which were subject to debate.
Energy for the Poor was a project for launching a global study into the energy needs of the 1.6 billion people worldwide who lack access to any modern forms of energy whatsoever, together with The Energy Resources Institute, India (TERI).
Drylands: Climate Change and Development was a regional initiative to boost adaptation measures in one of the most climate-stressed regions of the planet, together with the Earth Institute at Columbia University New York.
The Foundation Board
The Foundation Board was the supreme governing body of the Forum, composed of senior members from the academic, business, government, international, and civil society fields. Members included:
Kofi Annan, President
Ivan Pictet, Vice-president
Catherine Bertini
Lakhdar Brahimi
Michel Camdessus
Mary Chinery-Hesse
Jan Egeland
Jacques Forster
Goh Kee Nguan
Rita Hauser
Princess Haya bint Al Hussein
Dean Hirsch
Alois Hirschmugl
Hans Küng
Ricardo Lagos
Dante Martinelli
Rajendra Pachauri
Mary Robinson
Judith Rodin
Jean-Louis Schiltz
Amartya Sen
Barbara Stocking
Marianna Vardinoyannis
James Wolfensohn
Muhammad Yunus
External links
Tck Tck Tck Time for Climate Justice campaign website
Youth Forum website
Youth Forum Community Portal
COP 15 website
References
Foundations based in Switzerland
Organizations established in 2007
Disaster preparedness
International organisations based in Switzerland
Organisations based in Geneva
Organizations disestablished in 2010
John Fraser Michie (25 October 1908 – 1983) was a Scottish athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games, he won the bronze medal in the high jump event. In the 440 yards competition, he was eliminated in the heats.
External links
commonwealthgames.com results
1908 births
1983 deaths
Scottish male sprinters
Scottish male high jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1938 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Scotland
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Panaca is an unincorporated town in eastern Lincoln County, Nevada, United States, on State Route 319, about east of U.S. Route 93, near the border with Utah. Its elevation is above sea level. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 963. It is one of only two cities in Nevada that prohibits gambling, the other being Boulder City.
History
The area that was to become the Panaca settlement was explored by Mormons in 1857. Brigham Young dispatched the explorers in order to locate a potential refuge in case of a U.S. military campaign against Utah. The location was selected due to the Meadow Valley oasis at the headwaters of the Muddy River. Mormon scouts began irrigation ditches and started fields, but the site was soon deserted after the feared violence never materialized. Panaca was the first permanent settlement by European Americans in southern Nevada. It was founded as a Mormon colony in 1864. It began as part of Washington County, Utah, but the congressional redrawing of boundaries in 1866 shifted Panaca into Nevada. It is the only community in Nevada to be "dry" (forbidding the sale of alcoholic beverages), and the only community in Nevada, besides Boulder City, that prohibits gambling.
Coke ovens here once produced charcoal for the smelters in nearby Bullionville (now a ghost town), but the town's economy is predominantly agricultural.
The name "Panaca" comes from the Southern Paiute word Pan-nuk-ker, which means "metal, money, wealth". William Hamblin, a Mormon missionary to the Paiutes, established the Panacker Ledge (Panaca Claim) silver mine there in 1864.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Panaca census-designated place has an area of , all of it land. Along Nevada State Route 319 it is east to the Utah state line and from there another east to Cedar City, Utah. West from Panaca it is to U.S. Route 93, at which point it is north to Pioche and south to Caliente.
Demographics
Attractions
Panaca is near Cathedral Gorge State Park.
The following Nevada historical markers have been placed in Panaca:
Panaca (#39)
Panaca Mercantile Store (#93)
Panaca Spring (#160)
Panaca Ward Chapel (#182)
Panaca celebrates Pioneer Day on the Saturday closest to July 24. Events include cannon firing at 6 A.M. , games and races, a parade, art displays, and a community dinner. This coincides with the Utah holiday commemorating the arrival of the Mormon pioneers in the Salt Lake Valley.
See also
References
Further reading
Republished in
External links
Official website for Lincoln County
Panaca's web page from the Nevada Commission on Tourism
Panaca's page from the Lincoln Communities Action Team
Panaca news from the Lincoln County Record newspaper
Census-designated places in Lincoln County, Nevada
Census-designated places in Nevada
Unincorporated towns in Nevada
Populated places established in 1864
Mark Craib (born 8 February 1970) is a Scottish footballer, who played in the Scottish Football League for Dundee and Montrose.
External links
1970 births
Living people
Association football central defenders
Scottish footballers
Dundee F.C. players
Montrose F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Sportspeople from St Andrews
Footballers from Fife
The ruisseau à John (John Creek) is a tributary of the Malbaie River, flowing into the Lalemant unorganized territory, into the Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality, in the Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean administrative region, in the province [of Quebec, in Canada. The course of the stream in John crosses the zec du Lac-Brébeuf.
The "ruisseau à John" area is served by "chemin du Lac-Travers" (Lac Travers Road). It is served indirectly by chemin du Lac à la Catin which connects to the west with the "chemin du Lac-Travers" and the Desprez Lake Road. The middle section of the Catin River Valley is served by Périgny Road and "Chemin du Lac de la Souris", for forestry and recreational tourism purposes. The lower part is served by the Lac Brébeuf road. Some secondary forest roads serve this valley.
Forestry is the main economic activity of the sector; recreational tourism activities, second.
The surface of "ruisseau à John" is usually frozen from early December to late March, however, safe ice circulation is generally from mid-December to mid-March.
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the "ruisseau à John" are:
north side: Desprez Lake, Rivière à la Catin, Cami River, Brébeuf Lake, Saguenay River;
east side: rivière à la Catin, Cami River, Malbaie River;
South side: Malbaie River, Little Ha! Ha! Lake, Fleurigny Lake;
west side: Lake Ha! Ha!, Ha! Ha! River, Huard Lake, Huard River.
The "ruisseau à John" has its source at the mouth of Lake Balis (length: altitude: ) in a valley. The mouth of this lake is located at:
southwest of the mouth of Desprez Lake;
southeast of Charny Lake;
east of Huard Lake;
northwest of the confluence of the creek at John and the Malbaie River;
east of the dam at the mouth of Lake Ha! Ha!;
south-east of downtown Saguenay (city).
From its source, the stream of John Creek descends to in forested and mountainous areas, with a difference in elevation of according to the following segments:
southeasterly in a concealed valley to the outlet (from the south) of Lac Fleurigny;
east in a steep valley to the outlet (coming from the north) of Triangle Lake and Round Lake;
eastwards in a valley through the crossing of Lac de l'Écluse (altitude: ) on , curving to the southeast to the outlet (coming from the northeast) of Desprez Lake;
southeasterly by collecting the dump (coming from the north-west) of Cabane Lake, to the dump (coming from the northeast) from Little Lake to John;
southeasterly in a steep valley, curving southward to its mouth.
The stream at John flows into a river bend on the north shore of the Malbaie River facing the northern limit of Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park. This confluence is located at:
southeast of the mouth of Desprez Lake;
southwest of the mouth of the head lake of the Cami River;
southeast of Huard Lake;
east of Lake Ha! Ha!;
southeast of the mouth of the Ha! Ha! River (confluence with the Bay of Ha! Ha!);
south of the mouth of Brébeuf Lake;
northwest of the confluence of the Malbaie River and the St. Lawrence River;
south-east of downtown Saguenay.
From the confluence of the stream at John, the current drops the course of the Malbaie River on to the east, south and south-east, which flows on the northwest shore of the St. Lawrence River.
Toponymy
The toponym "ruisseau à John" was made official in June 1971 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality
Lalemant, an unorganized territory
Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park.
Zec du Lac-Brébeuf
Malbaie River
List of rivers of Quebec
Notes and references
Rivers of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean
Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality
The ghost knifefishes are a family, Apteronotidae, of ray-finned fishes in the order Gymnotiformes. These fish are native to Panama and South America. They inhabit a wide range of freshwater habitats, but more than half the species in the family are found deep in rivers (typically deeper than ) where there is little or no light.
The Apteronotidae should not be confused with the unrelated Notopteridae, which are also commonly called knifefishes.
They are distinguished from other gymnotiform fishes by the presence of a caudal fin (all other families lack a caudal fin) as well as a fleshy dorsal organ represented by a longitudinal strip along the dorsal midline. They vary greatly in size, ranging from about in total length in the smallest species to in the largest. It has been claimed that Apteronotus magdalenensis is up to , but this is not supported by recent studies, which indicate that it does not surpass about . These nocturnal fish have small eyes. Also, sexual dimorphism exists in some genera in snout shape and jaws.
Apteronotids use a high frequency tone-type (also called wave-type) electric organ discharge (EOD) to communicate.
Many Apteronotids are aggressive predators of small aquatic insect larvae and fishes, though there are also piscivorous and planktivorous species. Sternarchella spp. are very unusual, preying on the tails of other electric fishes. Other species, such as Sternarchorhynchus and Sternarchorhamphus, have tubular snouts and forage on the beds of aquatic insect larvae and other small animals which burrow into the river bottom. At least one species (Sternarchogiton nattereri) eats freshwater sponges which grow on submerged trees, stumps, and other woody debris.
The genus Apteronotus is artificial and some of the species do not actually belong in it.
The black ghost knifefish (Apteronotus albifrons) and brown ghost knifefish (Apteronotus leptorhynchus) are readily available as aquarium fish. Others are known to appear in the trade but are quite rare.
Species
FishBase lists 89 species in 15 genera, However, after a number of recent taxonomic advances, Eschmeyer's Catalog of Fishes recognizes 94 species in 16 genera.
Genus Adontosternarchus
Genus Apteronotus
Genus Compsaraia
Genus Megadontognathus
Genus Melanosternarchus
Genus Orthosternarchus
Genus Parapteronotus
Genus Pariosternarchus
Genus Platyurosternarchus
Genus Porotergus
Genus Sternarchella
Genus Sternarchogiton
Genus Sternarchorhamphus
Genus Sternarchorhynchus
Genus Tembeassu
Genus Tenebrosternarchus
References
Fish of South America
Taxa named by David Starr Jordan
Borzu or Berzu or Barzu () may refer to:
Places in Iran
Borzu, Qasabeh-ye Gharbi, Sabzevar City, Khorasan Razavi Province, Iran
See also
Borzu Nama, a Persian epic poem and the main character Borzu
Deh-e Borzu (disambiguation)
Leonard Zuta (; born 9 August 1992) is a Macedonian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Norwegian Eliteserien club Vålerenga.
Club career
Zuta spent the first four seasons of his professional career with BK Häcken in Allsvenskan. He made his official début on 13 April 2012, when he came in as a substitute in a home win against Mjällby AIF. Until late August 2015, Zuta made 57 appearances with Häcken, often featuring in the starting line-up.
On 31 August 2015, Zuta signed a three-year contract with Rijeka in Croatia's 1. HNL. He made his official début for the club on 19 September 2015, in a goalless home draw against Inter Zaprešić, when he entered as a substitute in the 87th minute.
Zuta soon became a first team player during his stint at the club and won Croatian league and cup in 2016–17 season. Zuta also became popular figure to the supporters of Rijeka and was praised on various memes on social media.
On 8 January 2019 Zuta signed for Turkish Süper Lig club Konyaspor.
In September 2020, Zuta signed a two-year contract with Italian Serie B club Lecce, with an option for another year.
On 30 July 2021, Zuta signed a three-year contract with Norwegian Eliteserien club Vålerenga. He was brought in to replace Sam Adekugbe, who had left for Hatayspor.
International career
On 15 June 2015. Zhuta made his début with the Macedonian national team in an away loss to Slovakia. He has earned a total of 15 caps, scoring no goals and his final international was a November 2016 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Spain.
Club statistics
International statistics
Honours
HNK Rijeka
Croatian First Football League: 2016–17
Croatian Football Cup: 2016–17
References
External links
Profile at Macedonian Football
1992 births
Living people
Footballers from Gothenburg
Swedish people of Macedonian descent
Association football defenders
Swedish footballers
Macedonian footballers
North Macedonia under-21 international footballers
North Macedonia international footballers
BK Häcken players
HNK Rijeka players
Konyaspor footballers
U.S. Lecce players
Vålerenga Fotball players
Allsvenskan players
Croatian Football League players
Süper Lig players
Serie B players
Eliteserien players
Macedonian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Alan Green (born 1 January 1954) is a former professional footballer. Born in England, he began his career with Coventry City before moving to the United States in 1979. He played a total of seven seasons in the North American Soccer League and earned one cap with the U.S. national team.
Professional
In England
Green, a native of Worcester, England, began his professional career with Coventry City. He joined the club as a striker in 1970, but did not make his first team debut until 22 April 1972, which was his only appearance during that season. He peaked with the club during the 1975–76 season when he played 31 games and scored nine goals. After that his appearances and goals slowly began to taper off.
In United States
In 1977, Coventry loaned Green to the Washington Diplomats (Dips) of the North American Soccer League (NASL), whose season ran during the summer months, or the English off-season. Green played 16 games, scoring nine goals and assisting on five others. At the end of the 1978-79 English season, Green left Coventry to move permanently to the NASL, rejoining the Diplomats for the next two years. Green became a prolific scorer with the Dips, finding the net 42 times in 56 games, earning NASL All-Star Honorable Mention honours for 1980.
At the end of the 1980 season, the Dips sold Green to the Jacksonville Tea Men; he spent two seasons with the Tea Men. In his first season, Green again gained NASL All Star Honorable Mention; in 1982, however, he bagged only six goals on 18 games. At the end of the season, the Tea Men traded Green to the San Jose Earthquakes. He played the 1982-1983 NASL indoor season with the Earthquakes, scoring seven goals.
In 1983, U.S. Soccer entered the United States national team, as Team America, into the NASL. The team drew on American citizens playing in the NASL, Major Indoor Soccer League and American Soccer League. However, both the USSF and the NASL quickly discovered that many top American players preferred to remain with their existing clubs. In order to fill the roster, U.S. Soccer was forced to draw on foreign imports, and it negotiated with the Earthquakes to loan Green to Team America, despite the fact that he was still a British subject. Team America's 1983 season was a disaster, with a league-worst 10–20 record and dwindling attendance figures; the club folded at season's end. Green then became a free agent and signed with the New York Cosmos as the team prepared for the 1983-84 NASL indoor season. Green received his American citizenship in November 1983, and played with the Cosmos through the indoor season, the subsequent 1984 outdoor season, and finally the club's 1984-85 indoor season in the Major Indoor Soccer League. In 1985, just as the NASL was collapsing, Green retired as a player.
U.S. National Team
Once Green gained U.S. citizenship, he earned a single cap with the United States national team in a 30 May 1984, scoreless tie with Italy. He started, but came off for Perry Van der Beck.
References
External links
Coventry Bio
NASL/MISL stats
1954 births
Living people
American soccer players
Association football forwards
Coventry City F.C. players
English emigrants to the United States
English footballers
English expatriate footballers
Jacksonville Tea Men players
Major Indoor Soccer League (1978–1992) players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) indoor players
New York Cosmos players
New York Cosmos (MISL) players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
Golden Bay Earthquakes (MISL) players
Team America (NASL) players
United States men's international soccer players
Washington Diplomats (NASL) players
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Peter Crosby is the current Archdeacon of Ottawa.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Toronto alumni
Archdeacons of Ottawa
21st-century Anglican priests
The Panic of 1792 was a financial credit crisis that occurred during the months of March and April 1792, precipitated by the expansion of credit by the newly formed Bank of the United States as well as by rampant speculation on the part of William Duer, Alexander Macomb, and other prominent bankers. Duer, Macomb, and their colleagues attempted to drive up prices of United States (U.S) debt securities and bank stocks, but when they defaulted on loans, prices fell, causing a bank run. Simultaneous tightening of credit by the Bank of the United States served to heighten the initial panic. Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton was able to deftly manage the crisis by providing banks across the Northeast United States with hundreds of thousands of dollars to make open-market purchases of securities, which allowed the market to stabilize by May 1792.
Bank of the United States and the crisis of 1791
In December 1790, Hamilton called for the creation of the Bank of the United States, and in February 1791, President George Washington signed the charter allowing it to open. Investors paid $25 for a stock, called a scrip, and were required to make three additional payments in six-month intervals totaling $375. These payments were to be 25% in specie and 75% in US debt securities. Demand for stock in the newly formed Bank of the United States was significant, and prices for scrips increased dramatically for the first several weeks, reaching $280 in New York and reportedly over $300 in Philadelphia by mid-August. The market shifts were not sustainable, and within days prices began to fall rapidly. Hamilton stepped in by working with William Seton, the cashier of the Bank of New York, to authorize the purchase of $150,000 of public debt in New York to be covered by government revenues. By September 12, prices had recovered, and Hamilton's intervention had not only stabilized the market but also laid the groundwork for his cooperation with the Bank of New York, which would later be crucial in ending the Panic of 1792.
Causes of the Panic of 1792
In late December 1791, the price of securities began to increase once again, and the eventual crash in March 1792 caused many investors to panic and withdraw their money from the Bank of the United States. One of the primary causes of the sudden run on the bank was the failure of a scheme created by William Duer, Alexander Macomb and other bankers in the winter of 1791. Duer and Macomb's plan was to use large loans to gain control of the US debt securities market because other investors needed those securities to make payments on stocks in the Bank of the United States. Additionally, Duer and Macomb were able to create their own credit by endorsing one another's notes, and did so in hopes of creating a new bank in New York to overtake the existing Bank of New York. On March 9, 1792 Duer stopped making payments to his creditors and simultaneously faced a lawsuit for actions he had taken as Secretary of the Treasury Board in the 1780s. As Duer and Macomb defaulted on their contracts and found themselves in prison, the price of securities fell more than 20%, all in a matter of weeks.
The Panic of 1792 was further instigated by the sudden restriction of previously overextended credit by the Bank of the United States. When the Bank of the United States first began accepting deposits and making discounts in December 1791, it expanded credit extensively. By January 31, 1792, monetary liabilities exceeded $2.17 million, and discounts reached $2.68 million – a very large sum at the time. Speculators took advantage of this new credit source, using it to make withdrawals from the Bank of New York, which placed undue stress on the bank's reserves. From December 29 to March 9, cash reserves for the Bank of the United States decreased by 34%, prompting the bank to not renew nearly 25% of its outstanding 30-day loans. This forced many Bank of the United States borrowers to sell other securities they owned to satisfy the un-renewed loans, which caused prices for these other investments to fall sharply, aggravating the financial panic of 1792.
Crisis management
In mid-March 1792, Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton began the political and economic maneuvering necessary to contain the credit crisis affecting markets across the country. The charter creating the Bank of the United States had also set up the Sinking Fund Commission composed of Vice President John Adams, Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson, Attorney General Edmund Randolph, Chief Justice John Jay, and Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton, charged with resolving financial crises. On March 21, 1792, with Jay absent from voting, the commission split on the decision to allow open-market purchases. Having received notice from William Seton that the Bank of New York was in trouble, Hamilton wished to have the government make purchases as it had in 1791, but was unable to do so while Jefferson and Randolph stood opposed. While still waiting for Jay's formal and deciding vote, Randolph began to side with Hamilton on March 26, and with only Jefferson dissenting, the commission authorized $100,000 in open-market purchases of securities.
In a series of letters to Seton at the Bank of New York, Hamilton introduced several measures to restore normalcy to the securities market. Hamilton encouraged the bank to continue offering loans collateralized by US debt securities, but at a slightly increased rate of interest – seven percent instead of six. In order to persuade the Bank of New York to lend during the panic, Hamilton also promised that the US Treasury would buy from the bank up to $500,000 of securities should the Bank of New York be stuck with excessive collateral. Similarly, Hamilton supported the Bank of Maryland's lending by offering to have the US Treasury cover loans made to merchants paying duties. By April 16, after Hamilton authorized an additional $150,000 of open-market purchases by the Bank of New York, Seton reported that market demand was returning to normal.
In just under a month, Hamilton was thus able to stabilize the securities market and prevent the panic from inducing a recession. By exerting his power as Secretary of Treasury and persuading a number of banks to continue offering credit throughout the crisis, Hamilton was able to limit the amount of Federal debt purchases by the Sinking Fund Commission to $243,000 – roughly $100,000 less than what was spent during the smaller panic in 1791.
Analysis
Economists and economic historians have noted that Hamilton's management of the Panic of 1792 appears to have anticipated Henry Thornton by ten years and "Bagehot's Dictum" by approximately 80 years. This prescription, that in a crisis central banks should "lend freely, against good collateral, at a penalty rate" is still considered the gold standard for managing a financial panic as the "lender of last resort".
See also
List of banking crises
References
1792 in the United States
Economic crises in the United States
Financial crises
1792 in economics
Wall Street
History of banking in the United States
Fiscal policy
Real estate in the United States
Securities (finance)
Credit
Alexander Hamilton
A narcissistic parent is a parent affected by narcissism or narcissistic personality disorder. Typically, narcissistic parents are exclusively and possessively close to their children and are threatened by their children's growing independence. This results in a pattern of narcissistic attachment, with the parent considering that the child exists solely to fulfill the parent's needs and wishes. A narcissistic parent will often try to control their children with threats and emotional abuse. Narcissistic parenting adversely affects the psychological development of children, affecting their reasoning and their emotional, ethical, and societal behaviors and attitudes. Personal boundaries are often disregarded with the goal of molding and manipulating the child to satisfy the parent's expectations.
Narcissistic people have low self-esteem and feel the need to control how others regard them, fearing that otherwise they will be blamed or rejected and their personal inadequacies will be exposed. Narcissistic parents are self-absorbed, often to the point of grandiosity. They also tend to be inflexible, and lack the empathy necessary for child raising.
Characteristics
The term narcissism, as used in Sigmund Freud's clinical study, includes behaviors such as self-aggrandizement, self-esteem, vulnerability, fear of losing the affection of people and of failure, reliance on defense mechanisms, perfectionism, and interpersonal conflict.
To maintain their self-esteem and protect their vulnerable true selves, narcissists seek to control the behavior of others, particularly that of their children whom they view as extensions of themselves. Thus, narcissistic parents may speak of "carrying the torch", maintaining the family image, or making the mother or father proud. They may reproach their children for exhibiting weakness, being too dramatic, being selfish, or not meeting expectations. Children of narcissists learn to play their part and to show off their special skill(s), especially in public or for others. They typically do not have many memories of having felt loved or appreciated for being themselves. Instead, they associate their experience of love and appreciation with conforming to the demands of the narcissistic parent.
Destructive narcissistic parents have a pattern of consistently needing to be the focus of attention, exaggerating, seeking compliments, and putting their children down. Punishment in the form of blame, criticism or emotional blackmail, and attempts to induce guilt may be used to ensure compliance with the parent's wishes and their need for narcissistic supply.
Children of narcissists
Narcissism tends to play out intergenerationally, with narcissistic parents producing either narcissistic or codependent children in turn. While a self-confident parent, or good-enough parent, can allow a child their autonomous development, the narcissistic parent may instead use the child to promote their own image. A parent concerned with self-enhancement, or with being mirrored and admired by their child, may leave the child feeling like a puppet to the parent's emotional/intellectual demands.
Children of a narcissistic parent may not be supportive of others in the home. Observing the behavior of the parent, the child learns that manipulation and guilt are effective strategies for getting what they want. The child may also develop a false self and use aggression and intimidation to get their way. Instead, they may invest in the opposite behaviors if they have observed them among friends and other families. When the child of a narcissistic parent experiences safe, real love or sees the example played out in other families, they may identify and act on the differences between their life and that of a child in a healthy family. For example, the lack of empathy and volatility at home may increase the child's own empathy and desire to be respectful. Similarly, intense emotional control and disrespect for boundaries at home may increase the child's value for emotional expression and their desire to extend respect to others. Although the child observes the parent's behavior, they are often on the receiving end of the same behavior. When an alternative to the pain and distress caused at home presents itself, the child may choose to focus on more comforting, safety-inducing behaviors.
Some common issues in narcissistic parenting result from a lack of appropriate, responsible nurturing. This may lead to a child feeling empty, insecure in loving relationships, developing imagined fears, mistrusting others, experiencing identity conflict, and suffering an inability to develop a distinct existence from that of the parent.
Sensitive, guilt-ridden children in the family may learn to meet the parent's needs for gratification and seek love by accommodating the wishes of the parent. The child's normal feelings are ignored, denied and eventually repressed in attempts to gain the parent's "love". Guilt and shame keep the child locked in a developmental arrest. Aggressive impulses and rage may become split off and not integrated with normal development. Some children develop a false self as a defense mechanism and become codependent in relationships. The child's unconscious denial of their true self may perpetuate a cycle of self-hatred, fearing any reminder of their authentic self.
Narcissistic parenting may also lead to children being either victimized or bullies, having a poor or overly inflated body image, tendency to use and/or abuse drugs or alcohol, and acting out (in a potentially harmful manner) for attention.
In most cases, the narcissist will select one child in the family to be the Golden Child, and another child to be the Scapegoat. The Golden Child becomes an extension of the narcissist, who lives vicariously through them. As a result many golden children do not develop a healthy sense of self and struggle with boundaries. Scapegoats, on the other hand, become the receptacle for all the negative emotions of the narcissistic parent, who blames them for everything that goes wrong in the family.
Short-term and long-term effects
Due to their vulnerability, children are extremely affected by the behavior of a narcissistic parent. A narcissistic parent will often abuse the normal parental role of guiding their children and being the primary decision maker in the child's life, becoming overly possessive and controlling. This possessiveness and excessive control disempowers the child; the parent sees the child simply as an extension of themselves. This may affect the child's imagination and level of curiosity, and they often develop an extrinsic style of motivation. This heightened level of control may be due to the need of the narcissistic parent to maintain the child's dependence on them.
Narcissistic parents are quick to anger, putting their children at risk for physical and emotional abuse. To avoid anger and punishment, children of abusive parents often resort to complying with their parent's every demand. This affects both the child's well-being and their ability to make logical decisions on their own, and as adults they often lack self-confidence and the ability to gain control over their life. Identity crisis, loneliness, and struggle with self expression are also commonly seen in children raised by a narcissistic parent. The struggle to discover one's self as an adult stems from the substantial amount of projective identification that the now adult experienced as a child. Because of excessive identification with the parent, the child may never get the opportunity to experience their own identity.
Mental health effects
Studies have found that children of narcissistic parents have significantly higher rates of depression and lower self-esteem during adulthood than those who did not perceive their caregivers as narcissistic. The parent's lack of empathy towards their child contributes to this, as the child's desires are often denied, their feelings restrained, and their overall emotional well-being ignored.
Children of narcissistic parents are taught to submit and conform, causing them to lose touch of themselves as individuals. This can lead to the child possessing very few memories of feeling appreciated or loved by their parents for being themselves, as they instead associate the love and appreciation with conformity. Children may benefit with distance from the narcissistic parent. Some children of narcissistic parents resort to leaving home during adolescence if they grow to view the relationship with their parent(s) as toxic.
See also
References
Further reading
Gardner, F 'To Enliven Her Was My Living':Thoughts On Compliance And Sacrifice As Consequences Of Malignant Identification With A Narcissistic Parent British Journal of Psychotherapy Volume 21 Issue 1, Pages 49 – 62 (2006)
Brown, Nina W. Children of the Self-Absorbed: A Grown-up's Guide to Getting over Narcissistic Parents (2008)
Campbell, Lady Colin Daughter of Narcissus: A Family's Struggle to Survive Their Mother's Narcissistic Personality Disorder (2009)
Donaldson-Pressman, S & Pressman, RM The Narcissistic Family: Diagnosis and Treatment (1997)
Golomb, Elan Trapped in the Mirror: Adult Children of Narcissists in their Struggle for Self (1995)
Hotchkiss, Sandy & Masterson, James F. Why Is It Always About You? : The Seven Deadly Sins of Narcissism (2003) – see Chapter 9 – The Narcissistic Parent
Little A No Contact - The Final Boundary: Surviving Parental Narcissistic Abuse (2016)
McBride, Karyl Will I Ever Be Good Enough?: Healing the Daughters of Narcissistic Mothers (2009)
Miller A Drama of the Gifted Child, How Narcissistic Parents Form and Deform the Emotional Lives of their Talented Children, Basic Books, Inc (1981)
Payson, Eleanor The Wizard of Oz and Other Narcissists: Coping with the One-Way Relationship in Work, Love, and Family (2002) – see Chapter 5
Pinsky, Drew The Mirror Effect: How Celebrity Narcissism is Seducing America (2009) - see Chapter 8
Twenge, Jean M & Campbell, W. Keith The Narcissism Epidemic: Living in the Age of Entitlement (2009) - see Chapter 5
Nemer, Selma The Beheaded Goddess: Daughters of Narcissistic Fathers (2012)
External links
Malkin C 8 Common Effects Of Narcissistic Parenting Huffington Post 27 Oct 2016
Hall JL The Narcissist Parent's Psychological Warfare: Parentifying, Idealizing, and Scapegoating Huffington Post 9 May 2017
Dodgson L The 5 most common themes in narcissistic families, from 'flying monkeys' to the 'needy sibling' Insider
Family
Narcissism
Parenting
Domestic violence
Mark Treyger (born April 15, 1982) is an American politician who served in the New York City Council for the 47th district from 2014 to 2021. He is a Democrat. The district includes portions of Bath Beach, Bensonhurst, Coney Island, Gravesend, and Sea Gate in Brooklyn.
Early life and education
Treyger was born in Brooklyn, New York. One of two children, he was the first in his family to be born in the United States. His sister Elina and his parents were all born in Ukraine, having emigrated from Mohyliv-Podilskyi. Raised in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, he went to P.S./I.S. 226 and Edward R. Murrow High School. He received his bachelor's degree in political science and master's degree in social studies education both from Brooklyn College.
Teaching career
Treyger taught history at New Utrecht High School in Brooklyn and served as a delegate for the United Federation of Teachers.
New York City Council
In 2013, Councilman Domenic Recchia was term-limited and unable to run again. Treyger was elected to the City Council in the November 2013 elections. Four years later, he was re-elected winning by a landslide receiving 73% of the votes. In 2018 Treyger was appointed by Council Speaker Corey Johnson to chair the New York City Council's Education Committee.
References
External links
Living people
New York (state) Democrats
New York City Council members
Politicians from Brooklyn
People from Bensonhurst, Brooklyn
Brooklyn College alumni
American people of Ukrainian descent
1982 births
21st-century American politicians
Sillage (the French word for "wake", the trail left by a boat in water) may refer to:
Sillage (perfume), the trail of scent left behind by one who wears perfume
Wake (comics), a French sci-fi comics series, titled Sillage in the original
Phyllonorycter populiella, commonly known as the poplar leafminer moth, is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Canada (British Columbia) and the United States (Kentucky, Ohio, Washington, Maine and New York).
The wingspan is 6–7 mm.
The larvae feed on Populus species, including Populus alba, Populus balsamifera, Populus dilatata, Populus grandidentata, Populus nigra and Populus tremuloides. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf. The mines are exceedingly small and oval. An indistinct fold extends through the long axis. They are scarcely visible on the lower side, owing to the peculiar tomentose texture of the leaf, and on the upperside may be distinguished by the speckled appearance of the leaf, caused by the larva eating the parenchyma in spots. The pupa is not enclosed in a cocoon, but its anal end is attached to a small button of silk toward one end of the roof of the mine.
References
populiella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1878
World Cup Carnival is a 1986 sports video game developed by Artic Computing and published by U.S. Gold for the Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum; it is the first licensed World Cup video game and is based on the 1986 FIFA World Cup in Mexico. Initially meant as an entirely different game, development problems made U.S. Gold decide to recycle Artic Computing's 1984 title World Cup Football, with the added FIFA license and extras included in the box.
Upon release, World Cup Carnival received unanimously negative reviews from critics, players and retailers alike for its poor graphics, gameplay, sound and blatant recycling of World Cup Football; several magazines included angry letters from people who had bought the game, many of which were returned to stores.
Gameplay
Ten teams (Uruguay, Italy, Germany, Brazil, England, Argentina, France, Spain, Mexico and Scotland) are available in the Commodore 64 and Amstrad CPC versions of the game while all 24 teams that played in the 1986 World Cup are available in the ZX Spectrum version. For all three platforms, the World Cup mode is played from the quarter finals onwards. Additionally, there is a training mode that includes penalty taking in all three versions. Matches last for 3 minutes, and there is no ability to change formation settings etc.
Reception
Critical response
At the time of its release Zzap!64 awarded the C64 version of the game an overall score of just 11%. Crash scored the ZX Spectrum version 26% and the reviewer stated "This is the worst football simulation I have ever seen".
Prism Leisure lawsuit
Shortly after the game's release, developer Artic Computing was sued by Prism Leisure Corporation for copyright infringement as they had sold the copyright of World Cup Football in 1985 to keep the company afloat; Prism quickly won the lawsuit with Artic requiring to pay Prism for all the sales of World Cup Carnival, bankrupting the company in the process.
Follow-up games
Despite the overwhelmingly poor reception, U.S. Gold attempted to get the 1990 FIFA World Cup license in Italy; they failed, however, with Virgin Mastertronic gaining the license and developing World Cup Soccer: Italia '90; U.S. Gold soon released their game as Italy 1990.
References
See also
FIFA World Cup video games
1986 FIFA World Cup
1986 video games
Amstrad CPC games
Association football video games
Commodore 64 games
FIFA World Cup video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
U.S. Gold games
Video games set in 1986
ZX Spectrum games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Polyzoa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae. In older literature, Polyzoa was used as the name of the phylum Bryozoa.
Species within the genus Polyzoa include:
Polyzoa atlantica Sanamyan et al., 2009
Polyzoa exigua Kott, 1990
Polyzoa insularis Millar, 1967
Polyzoa minor Monniot, 1970
Polyzoa nodosa Kott, 1990
Polyzoa opuntia Lesson, 1830
Polyzoa pacifica Tokioka, 1951
Polyzoa translucida Ritter & Forsyth, 1917
Polyzoa vesiculiphora Tokioka, 1951
Polyzoa violacea (Oka, 1915)
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
Polyzoa coccinea (Cunningham, 1871): synonym of Polyzoa opuntia Lesson, 1830
Polyzoa depressa (Oka, 1926): synonym of Polyzoa violacea (Oka, 1915)
Polyzoa falclandica Michaelsen, 1900: synonym of Polyzoa opuntia Lesson, 1830
Polyzoa falklandica Michaelsen, 1900: synonym of Polyzoa opuntia Lesson, 1830
Polyzoa gordiana Michaelsen, 1900: synonym of Polyzoa opuntia Lesson, 1830
Polyzoa herdmani Michaelsen, 1900: synonym of Polyzoa opuntia Lesson, 1830
Polyzoa lennoxensis Michaelsen, 1900: synonym of Polyzoa opuntia Lesson, 1830
Polyzoa pictonis Michaelsen, 1900: synonym of Polyzoa opuntia Lesson, 1830
Polyzoa reticulata (Herdman, 1886): synonym of Chorizocormus reticulatus Herdman, 1886
Polyzoa sagamiana Tokioka, 1953: synonym of Polyzoa violacea (Oka, 1915)
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
Terri Lynn Williams (born November 1956) is an American Republican politician who has represented Essex-Caledonia in the Vermont House of Representatives since 2020.
References
Living people
1956 births
21st-century American women politicians
Vermont Republicans
Members of the Vermont House of Representatives
Women state legislators in Vermont
Rembau is a federal constituency in Rembau District and Seremban District, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 March 2018, the Rembau constituency has a total of 51 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Negeri Sembilan federal constituencies
Nick Constantine Maniatty better known by his mononym Nicco is an American singer, songwriter with pop, Europop, dance, reggae, house and electronic influences. He was signed to Sony in April 2011 and released his debut single "Downpour" in August 2011. His continuous growing success in the Euro-dance scene led to
his international hit "Party Shaker" with R.I.O. that made it to the Top Ten in Austria, Germany and Switzerland and became a Top 40 hit in both France and the Netherlands.
Career
Nicco was influenced from a very young age with reggae music while spending summers working in St. John U.S. Virgin Islands where his family lives. After collaborating with European dance producers, he became popular with European night clubs, particularly after collaborating with a number of European artists, most notably with Austrian DJs Darius & Finlay starting 2009 appearing in a number of mixes and recordings and making an impact in Austria and Germany with recordings like "Do It All Night" and "Destination" released by Trak Music and "Rock to the Beat", "Hold On" and "Till Morning" released by Sony Germany. He also collaborated with Polish producer and DJ Robert M. in "Dance Hall Track" that was a hit in Poland and was certified gold. He came back in 2012 with a new version of "Do It All Night" with Darius & Finlay featuring Zimbabwe-born German rapper Carlprit and Nicco. Nicco recently collaborated with R.I.O, as the voice of "Party Shaker", R.I.O.feat. Nicco, allowing him to broaden his international presence.
Style
Nicco molded his craft over the years and during his studies at Northeastern University in Boston Massachusetts. He moved to Queens, New York where he was singing and performing Dance-hall Reggae and Soca music in many of the well known Caribbean clubs in Brooklyn, New York. In the past 10 years Nicco has used his reggae influences to fuse both his vocals and rough chanting to formulate a new sound.
Awards / Nominations
2009: Won "Most Played Song of the Year 2009" at Polish FaMa Award for "Destination" (Darius & Finlay feat. Nicco)
2010: Won "Best Artist" and "Best Newcomer" at the Austrian Music Awards after nomination in 3 categories
2010: prlog/>
Discography
Solo
2011: "Downpour" [Sony]
As Darius & Finlay featuring Nicco
2009: "Destination" [album]
2009: "Do It All Night" [album – Zoo Digital]
2009: "Rock to the Beat" [CD / Maxi single – Trak Music]
2010: "Hold On" [Single – Ariola / Sony Music]
2011: "Till Morning" [CD / Single Sony Music]
2015: "Firestarter" [CD / Maxi single – Trak Music]
As Darius & Finlay featuring Carlprit & Nicco
2012: "Do It All Night (2k12 version)"
Featuring
2008: "Can't Slow Down" (Robert M feat. Nicco)
2009: "Destination" (The Rudenko Project feat. Nicco) [Single]
2009: "Hold Tight" (Chris Decay feat. Nicco) [EP, Klubbhouse Records]
2009: "Can't Slow Down" (Bastian Bates feat. Nicco) [EP, – Can't Slow Down]
2009: "When We Dance" (DJ Pedro & Stephan M feat. Nicco) [Musica Diaz Toro]
2009: "Put Ur Hands Up" (Wet Fingers with Nicco) [Single, Pozytyaka Sound]
2010: "Dance Hall Track" (Tom Mountain feat. Nicco) [album, High5 Records]
2010: "Dance Hall Track" (Robert M. feat. Nicco) [Loco Label Music]
2011: "Run it back" ('N Luv & Movetown ft. Nicco)
References
External links
Official website
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Discogs
Last.fm
1977 births
Living people
People from Greenfield, Massachusetts
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
Bete people hail from Bete Town, Takum, Nigeria. They speak the nearly extinct Bete language.
Ethnic groups in Nigeria
Raymond William Phebus (August 2, 1909 – October 11, 1989) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played parts of three seasons in the majors, from until , for the Washington Senators.
After his playing career ended, Phebus briefly managed in minor league baseball. He was the manager of the Greenville Greenies in and the Dublin Green Sox in .
External links
Major League Baseball pitchers
Washington Senators (1901–1960) players
Bakersfield Bees players
Oakland Oaks (baseball) players
Mission Reds players
Davenport Blue Sox players
Albany Senators players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Hollywood Stars players
Indianapolis Indians players
Wenatchee Chiefs players
Fresno Cardinals players
Minor league baseball managers
Baseball players from Kansas
People from Cherryvale, Kansas
1909 births
1989 deaths
Greenville Greenies players
Rutherglen Central and North is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council. Created in 2007, it elects three councillors under the Single Transferable Vote system.
The ward's territory is centred around the densely populated Burgh of Rutherglen, also encompassing its surrounding suburban neighbourhoods such as Bankhead, Burnhill, Gallowflat and Farme Cross, and the unpopulated Shawfield industrial area. The northern border is the River Clyde, and the western border the long-established division with the City of Glasgow. A 2017 national boundary review added some streets in the south of the ward (around Overtoun Park, Dryburgh Avenue and Limeside Avenue). The population in 2018 was 14,489.
The ward was formed from roughly the boundaries of three wards under the previous single-member system used by the local authority from the creation of South Lanarkshire in 1995 until 2007: Bankhead, Burgh and Rutherglen West. Prior to this, the town was within the Glasgow District under Strathclyde Regional Council - one of its single-member wards from 1984 was Rutherglen, which included much of the same area as the current Rutherglen Central and North, excepting the Burnhill and Newfield neighbourhoods which were in the Toryglen ward, but with the addition of parts of Burnside north of the Cathcart Circle Line railway tracks (i.e. the Stonelaw ward in the 1995 to 2007 system).
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
2017 Election
2017 South Lanarkshire Council election
2017 By-election
2012 Election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
2007 Election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
Rutherglen
Mount Worthington is a mountain summit in the Auriol Range of the Saint Elias Mountains, in Kluane National Park of Yukon, Canada. The mountain is situated above the shores of Kathleen Lake, northwest of Kings Throne Peak across the lake, and south-southeast of Haines Junction, Yukon. The mountain can be seen from the Haines Highway as it prominently rises above the lake. The mountain's name was officially adopted August 12, 1980, by the Geographical Names Board of Canada. Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Worthington is located in a subarctic climate with long, cold, snowy winters, and mild summers.
See also
List of mountains of Canada
Geography of Yukon
References
External links
Mount Worthington: weather forecast
Parks Canada website: Kluane
Worthington
Worthington
Worthington
In differential topology, a mathematical discipline, and more specifically in Morse theory, a gradient-like vector field is a generalization of gradient vector field.
The primary motivation is as a technical tool in the construction of Morse functions, to show that one can construct a function whose critical points are at distinct levels. One first constructs a Morse function, then uses gradient-like vector fields to move around the critical points, yielding a different Morse function.
Definition
Given a Morse function f on a manifold M, a gradient-like vector field X for the function f is, informally:
away from critical points, X points "in the same direction as" the gradient of f, and
near a critical point (in the neighborhood of a critical point), it equals the gradient of f, when f is written in standard form given in the Morse lemmas.
Formally:
away from critical points,
around every critical point there is a neighborhood on which f is given as in the Morse lemmas:
and on which X equals the gradient of f.
Dynamical system
The associated dynamical system of a gradient-like vector field, a gradient-like dynamical system, is a special case of a Morse–Smale system.
References
An introduction to Morse theory, Yukio Matsumoto, 2002, Section 2.3: Gradient-like vector fields, p. 56–69
Gradient-Like Vector Fields Exist, September 25, 2009
Morse theory
Differential topology
Odeneho Gyapong Ababio II was a traditional ruler in Ghana and Paramount Chief of Sefwi-Bekwai in the Western North Region. His official title was Sefwi-Bekwai Omanhene - King of Sefwi-Bekwai. He was the tenth president of the National House of Chiefs and served from 2001 to 2008.
References
Ghanaian leaders
People from Western Region (Ghana)
On October 25, 2007, the Minister of Health announced that the Government of Canada would establish an expert Sodium Working Group to explore options for reducing sodium intake and cardiovascular disease among Canadians.
In announcing the creation of the Working Group, the Minister of Health said, "Through the formation of this working group, our Government is taking a major step in helping Canadians improve their health, and the health of their families."
Reactions
Salt-reduction activist and member of the international salt reduction advocacy group WASH (World Action on Salt and Health), Dr. Norm Campbell, president of Blood Pressure Canada said, "This is a wonderful demonstration of the government's leadership in forming collaborations to improve the health of Canadians to prevent stroke, heart and kidney disease -- three of the major causes of death and disability in Canada," says. "Here we have everyone working together for common cause."
Focus
In establishing the Sodium Working Group, Health Canada included representatives from food manufacturing and food service industry groups, health-focused non-governmental organizations, the scientific community, consumer advocacy groups, health professional organizations and government representatives. The mandate of the Working Group was to develop and oversee the implementation of a strategy for reducing dietary sodium intake among Canadians.
Members
The Working Group has met on several occasions to establish a common knowledge base and to develop strategies for reducing dietary sodium consumption among Canadians. The process that Health Canada is following is patterned after that carried out by the Food Standards Agency in the UK – that is, no discussion of the science, but rather an immediate move to sodium reduction programs and policies. The concerns over salt are chiefly based upon its ability to affect blood pressure.
Debate
There is some debate on the impact of sodium reduction upon blood pressure. The salt industry and some food and beverage producers emphasize the heterogeneous impact of sodium on individuals. For example, they observe that about 30% of normotensive individuals experience a drop in blood pressure, while about 20% of normotensive individuals experience an increase in blood pressure - the remaining population showing no effect. As a consequence, some argue that programs to reduce salt will not hold the same benefits for everyone and policies to arbitrarily promote salt reduction will discriminate against a certain segment of the population. They argue that an across the board reduction in dietary sodium may not be the right approach and the outcome may lead to unintended consequences for Canadian consumers.
On the other hand, groups concerned with cardiovascular health and nutrition emphasize the overall negative effects of high levels of sodium in the North American diet. Based upon a study carried out in the US in 1991 on a total of 62 people, the presumption made is that most of the sodium Canadians consume (77%) comes from processed foods sold in grocery stores and in food service outlets. Only about 11% is added during preparation or at the table, with the remainder occurring naturally in foods. And while the individual benefits of reducing sodium intake are variable, it has been theorized that dietary sodium reduction could eliminate hypertension for over a million Canadians, with a resulting savings of at least 430 million dollars annually in direct high blood pressure management costs (although this has never been confirmed through clinical trials). In other words, while not all Canadians need to reduce their intake of dietary sodium, many have been urged to. Moreover,theoretical estimates have projected that we may be better off because of a possible reduction of tax-supported health care.
Disbandment
On February 4, 2011, the Ottawa Citizen reported that the Health Canada Sodium Working Group had been disbanded. The Group had been charged with tracking whether companies were reducing the level of salt in processed foods over the next five years. This follows actions in the United Kingdom to abolish the dietary mandate of the FSA (Food Standards Agency) the government unit most actively involved in salt reduction advocacy.
References
External links
Member list
Medical and health organizations based in Canada
Edible salt
Sarphira is a 1992 Bollywood film directed by Ashok Gaikwad. The film stars Vinod Mehra, Sanjay Dutt, Madhavi, Kimi Katkar, Sumeet Saigal, Kiran Juneja, Shreeram Lagoo & Anupam Kher. The music was composed by R. D. Burman. Two songs, "Deewane O Deewane, Duniya Ko Tu Kya Jane" by Asha Bhosle and "Khwab Dekh Dekhke Zindagi Guzar Gayi" by Asha Bhosle & Mohammed Aziz, are hits.
Cast
Vinod Mehra as Raj Kishan Sinha
Sanjay Dutt as Suresh Sinha
Madhavi as Prema
Kimi Katkar as Neetu
Sumeet Saigal as Inspector Sinha
Kiran Juneja as Lawyer Shikha
Shakti Kapoor as Rocky
Anupam Kher as Balwant Singh / Bali Seth
Shreeram Lagoo as Judge Brij Kishore Sinha
Sushma Seth as Mrs. Sinha
Anjan Srivastav as Police Commissner / Shikha Dad
Renu Joshi as Shikha's Mother
Mac Mohan as Prasad, Mill workers Union Leader (Uncredited)
Ashok Saraf as thief
Soundtrack
All lyrics were penned by Farooq Kaiser.
External links
1992 films
1990s Hindi-language films
Films scored by R. D. Burman
Films directed by Ashok Gaikwad
The al-Nasser Salah al-Deen Brigades () is the military wing of the Popular Resistance Committees, a set of various Palestinian militant organizations that operate in the Gaza Strip.
History
These brigades participated in Operation Dispersive Illusion (), which resulted in the capture of the Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit. The group is also known for blowing up a Merkava tank, the main battle tank of the Israel Defense Forces.
The brigades fought during the Gaza War from December 2008 to January 2009.
Imad Hammad, the leader of the Al-Nasser Salah al-Deen Brigades, was killed in an IDF strike in Rafah town on 18 August 2011.
The group also took part in the 2014 Israel–Gaza conflict, and the death of one of its members in an Israeli raid was one of the reasons for the outbreak of Gaza–Israel clashes in November 2018.
References
Palestinian militant groups
Resistance movements
Palestinian terrorism
2001 establishments in the Palestinian territories
Axis of Resistance
João Victor "JV" Horto (born September 29, 1990) is a Brazilian racing driver from Londrina.
After karting, Horto went to the United States in 2009 to compete in the Formula BMW Americas championship where he finished seventh, scoring the best finish of second at Road America. In 2010 he drove in the Star Mazda series for Team Apex. He finished 7th in points with two second-place finishes as well as two thirds. In 2011 he returned to the series, this time driving for Juncos Racing. He improved to fourth in the championship, winning the race at Mosport Park.
In 2012 he continued with Juncos Racing but moved up to the Firestone Indy Lights series, the next step in IndyCar's Mazda Road to Indy program. Horto competed in three of the first four races of the season, including the Freedom 100 before leaving the team and series. His best finish was 7th in both the Freedom 100 and at Barber Motorsports Park. He finished 15th in points.
Star Mazda Championship
Indy Lights
References
External links
1990 births
Brazilian racing drivers
Indy Pro 2000 Championship drivers
Formula BMW USA drivers
Sportspeople from Londrina
Living people
Indy Lights drivers
Juncos Hollinger Racing drivers
The Mississippi Legislature met in multiple sessions in the 2012-2016 term. They were from: January 3-May 3, 2012; January 8 - April 4, 2013; April 26, 2013; June 27–28, 2013; January 7-April 6, 2014; May 8, 2014; and January 6-April 5, 2015.
Officers
Senate
Presiding Officer
House of Representatives
Presiding Officer
Composition
The following composition reflects the balance of power after the 2011 elections, which was the first election since Reconstruction to give a majority of seats in the State House to the Republicans.
House
Senate
House
With the February 2009 party switch of Billy Nicholson from Democrat to Republican, the composition became 73 Democrats and 49 Republicans. This also meant that for the first time in the history of Mississippi, the majority of the Democratic members of the House were African-Americans.
Notes
References
2012-2016 Mississippi Legislature
Mississippi Legislature 2012-2016
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Tuesday, November 4, 1958. All of the state's executive officers—the Governor, Secretary of State, Auditor, Treasurer, and Superintendent of Public Instruction—were up for election. Democrats had a largely good year, picking up the Governorship and the Secretary of State's office and holding the State Superintendent's office, though Republicans were returned as State Auditor and State Treasurer.
Governor
Incumbent Republican Governor Milward Simpson ran for re-election to a second term. He was challenged by Democratic nominee John J. Hickey, the former U.S. Attorney for the District of Wyoming, and by Louis W. Carlson, the former Mayor of Newcastle, who formed the Economy Party to support his pro-gambling platform. Simpson narrowly lost re-election to Hickey, who won a slim plurality as Carlson siphoned away votes.
Secretary of State
Incumbent Republican Secretary of State Everett T. Copenhaver ran for re-election to a second term. After defeating former State Land Commissioner John Riedel in the Republican primary, he faced Democratic nominee Jack R. Gage, the former State Superintendent of Public Instruction from several decades prior. Gage ended up narrowly defeating Copenhaver. During Gage's term as Secretary of State, he would also act as Governor after Governor Hickey appointed himself to the U.S. Senate in 1961.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Jack R. Gage, former Wyoming Superintendent of Public Instruction
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Everett T. Copenhaver, incumbent Secretary of State
John Riedel, former State Land Commissioner
Results
General election
Results
Auditor
Incumbent Republican State Auditor Minnie A. Mitchell ran for re-election to a second term. She was once again challenged by State Representative Bob Adams, the Democratic nominee, who had also been her challenger four years prior. Adams improved on his performance from 1958, but nonetheless fell short of unseating Mitchell.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Bob Adams, State Representative from Laramie County
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Minnie A. Mitchell, incumbent State Auditor
Results
General election
Results
Treasurer
Incumbent Republican State Treasurer Charles B. Morgan was unable to seek re-election to a second term due to term limits. Former Governor Doc Rogers, who had previously served as State Treasurer, ran to succeed Morgan. He won the Republican primary against State Representative Robert Fair and faced Carl A. Johnson, the Democratic nominee, an accountant from Cheyenne. Owing at least in part to his record of electoral successes, Rogers easily defeated Johnson, returning to the Treasurer's office.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Carl A. Johnson, Cheyenne accountant
Ira Whitlock, Worland bank executive
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Doc Rogers, former Governor of Wyoming
Robert J. Fair, State Representative from Sheridan County
Results
General election
Results
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Incumbent Democratic Superintendent of Public Instruction Velma Linford ran for re-election to a second term in office. She faced a challenge from former State Representative Shirley Boice, one of the few women to have been elected to the legislature by that point in history. Linford once again outperformed the rest of the state Democratic ticket and defeated Boice in a landslide to win her second and final term as Superintendent.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Velma Linford, incumbent Superintendent of Public Instruction
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Shirley Boice, former State Representative from Laramie County
Results
General election
Results
References
Wyoming
Le meilleur de Joe Dassin is a 1995 "greatest hits" album by Joe Dassin.
Track listing
2×CD version
Cat. nr. Columbia COL 480787 2 (Sony Music)
1×CD version
Cat. nr.: Columbia 481116 2 (Sony Music)
Charts
References
External links
Joe Dassin – Le meilleur de Joe Dassin on Discogs
1995 greatest hits albums
Joe Dassin albums
Sony Music albums
Four Days in October is a baseball documentary produced by ESPN and MLB Productions. It is episode 24 in the first season of ESPN's 30 for 30 series.
The film chronicles the last four games of the 2004 American League Championship Series (ALCS) between the Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees. The series became famous when the Red Sox—who lost the first three games of the series to the Yankees—became the first team in Major League Baseball history to win a best-of-seven playoff series after falling behind 0–3.
The documentary begins with highlights of the Yankees–Red Sox rivalry over the years and then shows some highlights from Game 3, which was won by the Yankees 19–8 at Fenway Park in Boston. The show's narrative begins with Game 4. The Yankees stood just three outs away from sweeping the Red Sox at Fenway Park and advancing to their 40th World Series appearance. The series turned when the Red Sox rallied to tie the game in the 9th inning, and later won it on a home run by David Ortiz to keep the series alive. The ninth inning rally proved to be the turning point of the series, as the Red Sox proceeded to win the next three games, clinching the series at Yankee Stadium.
A week later, the Red Sox won all four games against the National League (NL) champion St. Louis Cardinals to win their first World Series championship in 86 years, ending the 2004 postseason on an eight-game winning streak.
While most of the commentary from the players in the documentary was done in the usual interview style that is customary of documentaries, Lenny Clarke and Bill Simmons were put in a pub setting, providing a conversation as fans, discussing their own experiences and feelings during the series.
Cast
Bronson Arroyo
Lenny Clarke
Johnny Damon
Terry Francona
Pedro Martínez
Kevin Millar
David Ortiz
Dave Roberts
Curt Schilling
Bill Simmons
Notes
References
External links
Film description at ESPN
2010 television films
2010 films
2010 documentary films
30 for 30
2010s sports films
ESPN
Boston Red Sox
Films about the New York Yankees
Documentary films about baseball
2010s American films
Morley Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club based in Morley, West Yorkshire. England. The club is famous for playing in a maroon kit and thus are nicknamed "The Maroons". They currently play in North 1 East, a level six league in the English rugby union league system, following their relegation at the end of the 2017-18 season.
Club history
Morley played and won its first match on the 9 November 1878, against Dewsbury Birkdale. Morley was a member of the Northern Union, however, when the Northern Union clubs broke away from the RFU to form what is now rugby league, the Morley representatives missed the train to Huddersfield as they were still in the pub. As a result, Morley remained with the RFU and rugby union.
Ben Gronow was the coach for Morley R.F.C. in the 1930s, however when a history of the club was produced some years later, due to his previous rugby league associations, he was identified as 'unknown' in a team photograph.
When the club won the Yorkshire Cup for the first time in 1932 in its fourth final, Morley borough council granted permission for the municipal coat of arms to be worn on the club's jerseys. The figures and devices on the coat of arms is symbolic of the principal industries of the Borough - the manufacture of woollen cloth, coal mining and quarrying.
When Morley celebrated its centenary in 1978, a rugby ball bearing the club's foundation date replaced the maxim Industria Omnia Vincit (Work Conquers All) beneath the shield.
Morley have won the Yorkshire Cup 11 times, and 3 times in a row in the 1970s. They also hold claim to being the longest-enduring holders of the cup, having won it in 1938 and 1939. The cup was not contested again until 1947 due to the Second World War. During the war years, the trophy was in held in safe keeping, in a box under the club secretary's bed.
In the early 1990s the club climbed to the national second division (which is now National Division One), the division immediately below today's Premiership. However, by 1996 they had dropped down to the third tier, then called National Division three which today would be National League 1.
2005 was a historic year for Morley as they defeated Westoe RFC to win The Powergen Intermediate Cup at Twickenham. The victory capped a Yorkshire hat trick as on the same day Sheffield Tigers won the Powergen Junior Vase and Leeds Tykes defeated Bath in the final of the Powergen Cup.
In 2005–06 the club was promoted as champions from the Powergen League North 1 and in 2006 Morley were again at Twickenham reaching the cup final for the second successive year. However, they failed in attempting to become the first team to retain the cup, losing 11-6 to Stockport in a below par performance. However, the season was still a great success as Morley finished as league champions and clinched promotion.
In the 2006–07 season the team finished 6th in the league (a mid-table position). However, in the 2007–08 season Morley were relegated from National Division Three North to North 1. In the 2008–09 season despite a slow start Morley finished strongly and ended the season in 3rd position in the league, narrowly missing out on promotion.
In the 2009–10 season Morley had an excellent season, losing just 3 league games. As a result, they finished top of the league and gained promotion into National Division 2 North for 2010–11 season.
Recent seasons have been less kind to the club and they were soon back in National 3 North and have been relegated again and for the 2012–13 season found themselves in the sixth tier, North 1 East. Since then they have been a "yo-yo" team, going between levels five and six. Each relegation brought instant promotion (albeit via the playoffs) but Morley has been unable to consolidate their position at level five and are once again (2018-19) at level 6, North 1 East.
Notable former players
Harry Bedford won caps for England (RU) while at Morley R.F.C. against New Zealand Natives on 16 February 1889 at Rectory Field, Blackheath, London, and in 1890 against Scotland, and Ireland.
Kenneth Hirst
George Herbert Marsden, won caps for England (RU) while at Morley R.F.C. in 1900 against Wales, Ireland, and Scotland, and won a cap for England (RL) while at for Bradford (now Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C.) in 1905 against Other Nationalities.
John Shooter, won caps for England (RU) while at Morley R.F.C. in 1899 against Ireland, and Scotland, and in 1900 against Ireland, and Scotland.
Jon Wray played for Morley before moving to play professional rugby league for Castelford, appearing in the 1992 Challenge Cup final.
John Orwin, former England captain, played for and captained Morley gaining promotion to the 1991–92 Courage League National Division Two.
Craig Emmerson was the first player to ever have a transfer fee paid for them when he moved from Morley to Premiership club Gloucester Rugby in 1995 just as professionalism had been passed by World Rugby.
Dan McFarland played for Morley before playing professionally with Richmond, Stade Français and Connacht. He went on to become assistant coach of the Scotland national rugby union team and head coach of Ulster Rugby.
Scott Benton played for Morley before moving to Premiership club Gloucester Rugby in 1997 and winning 1 cap for England.
Honours
Yorkshire Cup winners (11): 1932, 1938, 1939, 1953, 1955, 1972, 1973, 1974, 1977, 1979, 1996
Powergen Intermediate Cup winners: 2005
National League 3 North (formerly North Division 1) champions (2): 2005–06, 2009–10
North 1 (east v west) promotion playoff winners (2): 2012–13, 2015–16
References
External links
www.morleyrfc.co.uk
www.themaroons.co.uk
English rugby union teams
Rugby clubs established in 1878
Sport in Leeds
Morley, West Yorkshire
Club Penguin: Elite Penguin Force is a point-and-click adventure game for the Nintendo DS based on Disney's massively multiplayer online game Club Penguin. It was released in North America on November 25, 2008, in Europe on March 13, 2009, and in Australia on April 16, 2009. In September 2009, a Collector's Edition was released which included upgrades to the game and extras. On March 8, 2012, a German regionalisation of the Collector's Edition (but without DGamer) was released in Germany.
In the game, the player's penguin is assigned an Elite role ranked superior to the secret agents. Players embark on missions utilizing both familiar and all-new gadgets, accessories, vehicles, and locations to investigate mysterious events on Club Penguin. In addition, the game operates with the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection system. Coins that are earned in the game could be sent to the player's online penguin via the DS. It has sold more than 1.5 million copies worldwide. A sequel, titled Club Penguin: Elite Penguin Force – Herbert's Revenge, was released for the DS in 2010.
Gameplay
Club Penguin: Elite Penguin Force is a point and click game. Players will be able to earn coins as they play, and can embark on missions that use various gadgets, accessories, and abilities to investigate mysterious events on Club Penguin. Players will tackle new mini-games, such as mini-games that were also available on the Club Penguin website, such as Cart Surfer, Jet Pack Adventure, and Ice Fishing. To complete the game, the player must become the highest-ranked member of the Elite Penguin Force by completing thirteen different story missions. Side missions also become available after the player completes the first mission, and more of them are unlocked after the player obtains the necessary skills and techniques to beat them.
Plot
After following a trail of clues meant as a test, the player assumes membership of the Elite Penguin Force (E.P.F.), a more secretive corporation than the Penguin Secret Agency co-directed by Dot the Disguise Gal, also known as "D". The player trains with a few of the Elite Puffles and is given the use of a Spy Gadget (a device in the shape of a Nintendo DS), and after helping to close a minor case, they are called upon to investigate the sudden disappearance of Gary the Gadget Guy, known as "G". With the help of various clues, the player finds him in an old tunnel at the Mine, trapped under a mine cart.
Due to Gary's short-term amnesia, the case surrounding his disappearance is closed. However, not long afterwards, the boiler in the Boiler Room is mysteriously stolen, causing the player to suspect that there is more to the case. The player quickly expedites their Puffle training, then tests out Gary's latest invention, the Snow Trekker. During the test run, the player discovers a stash of random items in and near the Ice Cave, as well as a strange gadget at the Mine entrance. They hand over the gadget to Gary, who confirms that it is his long-lost "Robo-Locator". This suddenly triggers his recovery from amnesia, and he remembers why he was in the Mine in the first place: he built three test robots to handle his riskier inventions, but their passion for overcoming challenges led them astray, and it was too late for him to turn them off.
After informing the Director of the E.P.F., Gary invents a Robo-Gadget to deactivate the test robots. The robots continue stealing items from around the island, including the speakers in the Night Club and the ticket booth from the Stage, but the player eventually immobilizes and deactivates all of the robots. They celebrate along with the other agents, but the celebration is interrupted when the Director issues an island-wide alert, revealing that Gary and the Elite Puffles have mysteriously vanished. The player manages to find their captor in the Mine's shaft: the Ultimate Proto-Bot 10000, a larger robot that the test robots have built using all of the stolen objects. It rampages around Club Penguin Island, searching for random items to upgrade itself with. With assistance from the Elite Puffles after the player frees them one at a time, the player manages to weaken and subdue the Ultimate Proto-Bot on Mount Tallest without harming Gary. They then use the Robo-Gadget to deactivate it, ending the chaos once and for all. The Director then praises the player, promoting them to the highest possible rank in the E.P.F., and reveals that all of the damage has been repaired.
Critical reception
Club Penguin: Elite Penguin Force received "mixed" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.
References
External links
Club Penguin website
2008 video games
Nintendo DS games
Nintendo DS-only games
Adventure games
Club Penguin
Video games about birds
Video games developed in the United States
The Avery Memorial Association of Groton, CT is a family organization founded in 1895 after the burning of the old Avery Homestead. It was incorporated as a non-profit institution in 1896.
The objective of the Avery Memorial Association is the collection and preservation of objects, documents, memorabilia, buildings, and places which have been connected with members of the family of Captain James Avery of Groton, CT, particularly to maintain the site of the home built about 1656 at Poquonnock Plains, which was occupied by descendants of Captain James Avery until completely destroyed by fire on July 20, 1894, and the memorial monument thereon; also, to provide and preserve such further monumental or other memorials or buildings as may fitly commemorate the distinguished services rendered by the said Captain James Avery or his descendants to the Colony or the State of Connecticut, including the Ebenezer Avery House now located on the grounds of Fort Griswold in Groton; also, to explore the historical background of Connecticut, particularly New London County, and to publish or otherwise make available to the public, including schools, such findings as in any way will further enhance public appreciation and knowledge of the local historical heritage and, finally, to do any and all things which relate directly or indirectly to any of the above exclusive purposes which will advance such purposes.
The Avery Memorial Association has undertaken two major projects, the first being the raison d'être, preservation of the Avery Monument, and the restoration & operation of the Ebenezer Avery House, a historic house museum.
There are two kinds of membership: Regular Members (who are able to prove their lineage linking them to the Groton Avery Clan) and Friends. The Association holds a meeting/reunion every year in the Groton, CT area.
History
The old Avery Homestead, nicknamed "The Hive" or "Avery Hive", was built around 1656 at Poquonnock Plains, and was improved upon by the second Captain James Avery who removed "the unadorned church and watch-tower of the wilderness" in 1684 and carried the materials back to the house and used them in its improvement. Seven generations of the Avery family lived in the house for over 230 years until it was destroyed on July 20, 1894, from a spark from the engine of a passing steam train.
The Groton Avery Clan formed the Avery Memorial Association in 1895 to memorialize the beginnings of the Avery Clan in the Connecticut Colony. The following year it was incorporated as a non-profit, charitable, cultural and educational institution for historic preservation.
Presidents
1895–1896 James D. Avery
1897–1899 Allyn Avery
1900–1935 Elroy M. Avery
1936–1955 Christopher L. Avery
1956–1967 Deane Avery
1968–1975 Amos G. Avery
1976–1983 Catherine B. Avery
1984–1992 Peter Schellens
1993–1995 Catherine Leary
1996–2006 Peter Schellens
2006–present Stephanie Lantiere
Monument
James Denison Avery deeded the Association the homestead "Hive" site where the monument now stands. Designed by American sculptor and Avery descendant Bela Lyon Pratt, the monument consists of a granite shaft and a bust of a "typical Puritan, magistrate and Indian fighter." The monument rises from the center of where The Hive stood. On July 20, 1900, the monument was formally dedicated in front of 600 Avery descendants. Association President Dr. Elroy M. Avery presided, Helen Morgan Avery unveiled the bust and Frank Montgomery Avery delivered the dedication. The monument was rededicated on its centennial by Cooper Avery Johnson in front of a crowd of 100 Avery descendants.
Ebenezer Avery House
The Ebenezer Avery House was originally located on the corner of Latham and Thames Streets in Groton, Connecticut. Ebenezer Avery was a tailor. His house is believed to have been constructed in the 1760s. It was the location where the British brought the injured soldiers after the Battle of Groton Heights on September 6, 1781. In 1971, the house was moved from its original location closer to the site of the Battle of Groton Heights to Fort Griswold Battlefield State Park in Groton and restored. Though it stands in a state park, the historic house museum continues to be maintained by the Avery Memorial Association.
References
External links
Official website of the Avery Memorial Association
Monuments and memorials in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in Connecticut
Women's football in Liechtenstein faces challenges because it is not amongst the most popular sports for women. However, in recent years there have been national teams formed in various age groups, and the sport is gaining popularity.
History
Women's football officially began in the country in 1998, and faced a number of structural, population and geographic hurdles. Starting in 2003, LFV organized a girls' football tournament as part of their schools tournament. Participation increased for several years, with girls eligible to play on school teams with boys at the F, E and D junior levels. In 2007, some of the teams including girls that competed in the tournament included "Herzensbrecherinnen", "Die wilden Sieger", "Die wilden Mädchen", "Dia guata Schällabärgerinna", "Sheep to sheep", "Hip-Hop Girls" and "Ice Girls". In 2008, LFV created "Mädchen am Ball", a project designed to encourage girls to take up the sport. One of the outcomes of the program was the creation of junior girls teams affiliated with football clubs in the country including FC Schaan, USV Eschen/Mauren and FC Ruggell. This program was still active in 2011, with LFV holding a pair of introductory training courses for girls in grades 2 to 5 in May of that year. This followed several events for girls earlier in the year to encourage them to take up a sport traditionally associated with boys. These courses were seen as part of a step towards creating a youth player base that would assist in the creation of a women's national team that could compete in the UEFA Women's Championship and the FIFA Women's World Cup. That year, a women's football program was held during Sarganser Sport Week. It was organized by Monika Zuppiger, LFV's Youth Talent Coordinator. In 2010, FC Triesen held a training day for junior and senior women's players, with the goal of encouraging them to get more involved in the sport and get in the practice of playing every Saturday.
In 2012, the program saw FC Triesenberg become the first junior girls team to participate in an LFV sponsored tournament. Representatives from the country participated in a 2014 study group called "Women´s football in Iceland" as visitors. Their delegation was headed by Monika Burgmeier, along with top level women's club coaches Stefan Negele, Anton Kindle and Walter Vogt. Burgmeier presented a session called, "Women's football in Liechtenstein". The following year, the Liechtenstein Football Association formally created a program to work towards the development of women's football in the country. According to the Liechtenstein Football Association, this began to bear fruit in 2017. In September 2017, as part of a program with FIFA, kits, safety equipment and training materials were provided to 200 girls in the country to encourage their participation in the sport.
Popularity and participation
Volleyball was the most popular women's sport in the country, with football ranking as the 6th or 7th most popular. By 2017, football had supplanted volleyball as the most popular women's sport. In 2006, there were 165 registered female players in the country. This represented growth from 72 players in 2000. Less than 3% of the national federation's budget is earmarked for women's football, compared to 9% for men and 17% for youth. There were 283 registered female players in 2016, with a decline in 2017 to 259 registered players. 61 of these players in 2017 were 18+, while 198 were youth players. The ratio of male to female coaches was 89:11 in 2017. 4 of these women coaches were UEFA B licence holders while another 4 were National C licence holders. There was one qualified female referee in the country in 2017, and she only worked women's games. Girls played football in mixed groups as part of their organized school curriculum.
Club football
The first women's club side in the country was FC Ruggell, who were founded in 1987 and played in the first division of the Meisterschaftsbetrieb des Ostschweizer Fussballverbandes (OFV) in eastern Switzerland. The team continued to play in that division for a number of years. For the 2003–04 season, they merged with FC Bad Ragaz and in 2007 they were known as FC Ruggell-Liechtenstein. They play at the highest level from 2003–04 on before being relegated for the 2006–07 season to the NLB. The team qualified for the 2003 and 2008 Swiss Cup, making it to the quarterfinals both years. In 2003–04 and 2004–05, they qualified for the semi-finals of the Swiss Cup. In 2008, the team disbanded for financial reasons.
The second club to form was FC Vaduz, which was created in 1990. The women's club existed for only a year and a half before it was dissolved. The third club to be created was FC Triesen. It was founded in 1996. When FC Ruggel dissolved in 2008, it left FC Triesen as the only senior women's club side in the country. In 2012, FC Sulz was created. This was the first women's football club created in the country that was not affiliated with a men's club. The organization was created to promote the development of women's football in Vorarlberg.
Playing in Switzerland is the norm for most women's clubs in the country as a result of the size of their population and its location. Liechtenstein women's clubs that have played in Switzerland based leagues include FC Ruggell and Triesen/Balzers. Women from Liechtenstein have also played for clubs in Switzerland. In 2017, three women from the country played for FC St. Gallen / Staad including Katja Beck, Sophia Hürlimann and Lena Göppel.
Liechtenstein women also play in a domestic league. The league is supported by the Liechtenstein Football Association. It had 4 teams in 2017. The league was not professional, with all the players being domestic ones. Average attendance at league matches was 30 people in 2017.
FC Triesen
FC Triesen is one of the football clubs in the country that has been working on developing female players on the grassroots level. They have several women's and girls teams affiliated with them, including a women's side playing in Switzerland. This team has players from several countries including Colombia, Switzerland, Turkey, the Netherlands and Italy. There is also a second level women's team called FC Balzers / FC Triesen.
National teams
Liechtenstein did not have a national team by 2006 on either the senior or youth level. The women's national team did not play in any FIFA-sanctioned matches until early 2020. In 2013, President of the Liechtenstein Football Association (LFV) Matthias Voigt said he was committed towards working on the creation of a women's national team, and pointed to the activity level in the women's domestic competition. Despite this comment, the federation had no staff dedicated to women's football as of 2017 and also did not have a women's football committee. Inclusion of women in governance was also limited, with only one woman serving on a committee and only 5 women serving in managerial positions within the organization. Progress on the development front as a result of activities by the LFV were part of the reason that Radio Liechtenstein cited as why in September 2017, it was the time to create a senior women's national team.
U-16 and U-18 girls' national teams have been in existence by 2017. UEFA listed the senior national women's side as a U-19 B team.
Senior team
The LFV took the initial steps in building the national women's team for the first time in January 2020, starting with a training camp where older players were called up from clubs in Austria or Switzerland, joining their under-19 compatriots. Liechtenstein played their first matches, both unofficial, against Grasshopper Club Zürich Frauen U17s and FC Bühler on 12 and 26 January. They will make their senior debut in international women's football with a friendly against neighbouring Luxembourg in Ruggell on 11 April 2021.
National U-16 team
The women's national U-16 team was formally created by the LFV in 2014. They had their first team training session in August of that year. The timing of their creation was so they could try to participate in the April 2015 UEFA Women's Under-16 Development tournament. The team's first coach was 29-year-old Tanja Herrmann, and the roster included 30 players. Herrman, a former player in the top women's league in the country, chose Monica Burgmeier to serve as her assistant coach. She had a UEFA B+ coaching license. They were the first women's national football team on any level for the country.
Players were first called up to the national side in October and November 2014. Some of the earliest players named to the squad included 7 players from FC Schaan.
The team competed in the UEFA Women's Under 16's Development tournament, the first tournament appearance by any women's national team for the country. Their competition included Montenegro, Macedonia and Luxembourg. They were coached by Tanja Herrmann. They lost their opener 1–5 to Montenegro. This match was the first in the country's history on any level for a women's national football team. They lost to Luxembourg 4–5, after initially leading 4–0 at the half. They lost to Macedonia 1–4, going down 0–4 in the first ten minutes of the game.
In November 2015, the team participated in a blitz tournament Lucerne, where they competed against domestic club teams including Rapperswil, Luzern, Genf and YB. They ended the tournament with a win, a draw and a pair of losses.
The team was back for the 2016 edition of UEFA Women's Under 16's Development tournament. Their competition included Azerbaijan and Malta. The team only lost to Malta 1-2 after conceding a goal in the final minute of the game. They lost to Austria 0–4.
National U-17 team
The team participated in the 2017 UEFA Development Tournament in Macedonia. They were in a group with Israel, Romania and host Macedonia. They defeated Macedonia 3–2, lost to Israel 0–3 and lost to Romania 0–2. Their victory against Macedonia was the first time a Liechtenstein women's national football team had ever won an international match across all age levels. They were coached in the tournament by Selina Ruckstuhl.
National U-19 team
FIFA, UEFA and LFV committed to working on the development of women's football in the country, including the creation of youth women's national teams as part of efforts to create a senior national team. Among other things, this resulted in girls and women players jerseys, shin guards and shoes so all players would have access to the same level of equipment and consistency of materials across the local women's football ecosystem. These materials were distributed at a ceremony in September 2017. Following this ceremony at Sportplatz Blumenau in Triesen, the national U-19 team played their first game in their history against East Switzerland women's U-19 club side St.Gallen-Goldach. The U-19 team lost 4–3. They had led 0–2 going into the end of the first half.
The team played a friendly in October 2017 against Luxembourg which they drew 3–3. This game was their first official international match in their history. The national team is scheduled to play in the 2018–19 Women's Euro Under-19 Championship. Their qualification group, Group 6, included Denmark, Serbia and Greece. This competition served as the team's international debut. The team was coached by Selina Ruckstuhl, who also coaches OFV Under-15 girls' regional selection and FC Bühler.
References
Football in Liechtenstein
Dejongia californicus is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found in North America, including California and the south-eastern United States.
The wingspan is .
The larvae feed on Asteraceae species, including Isocoma veneta and Grindelia species.
References
Oxyptilini
Moths described in 1880
Endemic fauna of the United States
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Thomas de Grey, 6th Baron Walsingham
The Orkney tunnel is a suggested undersea road tunnel between Orkney and Caithness on the Scottish Mainland. The expected length of it would be about 9–10 miles (15–16 km).
The tunnel, if constructed, is assumed to make landfall on South Ronaldsay. In 2005, the tunnel was discussed, and then a total bill of £100 million was mentioned. There has not been so much discussion after 2005.
There are also suggested plans to connect Orkney Mainland to Shapinsay.
With recent developments of the renewables industry in the Pentland Firth, the idea of a tunnel has lost ground, though there have been discussions of the construction of a bridge over the top of a Pentland Tidal Array.
References
Orkney
Buildings and structures in Caithness
Tunnels in Scotland
Proposed undersea tunnels in Europe
Northern Isles
Proposed transport infrastructure in Scotland
Proposed_railway_lines_in_Scotland
Fadrique de Toledo or Fadrique Álvarez de Toledo y Mendoza, 1st Marquess of Valdueza (Naples, 30 May 1580 – Madrid, 11 December 1634), was a Spanish noble and admiral.
He was a Knight of the Order of Santiago and Captain General of the Spanish Navy at the age of 37.
Life
He was born in Naples as the son of Pedro de Toledo Osorio, 5th Marquess of Villafranca, then commander in chief of the Spanish Army in the Kingdom of Naples, and Doña Elvira de Mendoza.
He served in the Spanish fleet under command of his father and rose quickly through the ranks, as did his elder brother García de Toledo Osorio, 6th Marquess of Villafranca. In 1617, he became Captain General of the Ocean Sea Navy, replacing the late Admiral Luis Fajardo.
He gained several victories against the Dutch, in 1621 near Gibraltar and in 1623 in the English Channel, blockading the Dutch coast. In the same year he defeated a Moorish incursion near Gibraltar.
In 1625 he was appointed General of Portugal (then in a personal union with Spain), and Capitán General of the Army of Brazil. He sailed towards Brazil at the head of a fleet consisting of 34 Spanish ships, 22 Portuguese ships and 12,566 men (three quarters were Spanish and the rest Portuguese). There he reconquered the strategically important city of Salvador da Bahia from the Dutch on 30 April 1625.
This victory would prove decisively important in the Dutch-Portuguese War to oust the Dutch from Brazil over the next two decades.
In 1629 he commanded a Spanish expedition that expelled the English and French colonial settlers from the islands of Saint Kitts and Nevis.
For all of his victories he was awarded the title of Marquess of Villanueva de Valdueza on 17 January 1624.
Marriage and children
On 12 August 1627, in Madrid, Don Fadrique married his cousin Doña Elvira Ponce de León, daughter of Don Luis Ponce de León, VI Marqués de Zahara, and Doña Victoria Álvarez de Toledo.
They had three children :
Doña Elvira de Toledo, married Don Juan Gaspar Enríquez de Cabrera, 6th Duke of Medina de Rioseco.
Doña Victoria de Toledo, married her cousin Don Francisco Ponce de León, 5th Duke of Arcos.
Don Fadrique Álvarez de Toledo Ponce de León, 2nd Marquess of Valdueza, 7th Marquess de Villafranca and Grandee of Spain.
Don Fadrique also had two illegitimate children:
Pedro Álvarez de Toledo, Abbot of the Royal Monastery of Alcalá la Real, Jaén.
Íñigo de Toledo, who married Leonor de Velasco, XI Countess of Siruela.
External links
Don Fadrique de Toledo y Osorio (in Spanish)
References
Marquesses of Spain
Spanish politicians
Captain generals of the Navy
Fadrique Alvarez de Toledo y Mendoza
1580 births
1634 deaths
Spanish admirals
Spanish generals
Military personnel from Naples
Knights of Santiago
Naval commanders of the Eighty Years' War
People of the Dutch–Portuguese War
People of the Anglo-Spanish War (1625–1630)
Nobility from Naples
The Santa Marta tinamou, Crypturellus erythropus idoneus, is a subspecies of tinamou that was recognized as a species by most authorities until 2006. It is found in northern South America.
Etymology
Crypturellus is formed from three Latin or Greek words: kruptos meaning covered or hidden, oura meaning tail, and ellus meaning diminutive. Therefore, Crypturellus means small hidden tail.
Taxonomy
The Santa Marta tinamou is a member of the paleognaths, a group that includes the flightless ratites, with the tinamous being the only family that flies. Up until 2006 they were generally accepted as a separate species; however, that year the SACC rejected a proposal to separate this species out and thus they are now generally regarded as part of Crypturellus erythropus.
Range
They are located in the northwestern portion of Venezuela and northeastern Colombia.
Footnotes
References
Crypturellus
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Colombia
Birds described in 1919
Taxa named by W. E. Clyde Todd
The Journal of Social Archaeology is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of archaeology, in particular with regard to social interpretations of the past. Its editor-in-chief is Lynn Meskell (Stanford University), who established the journal in 2001. It is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Scope
The Journal of Social Archaeology covers research on social approaches in archaeology, including feminism, queer theory, postcolonialism, social geography, literary theory, politics, anthropology, cognitive studies, and behavioural science, from prehistoric to present-day contexts. The journal also covers contemporary politics and heritage issues, and aims to break down the "arbitrary and hegemonic boundaries between North American, Classical, Near Eastern, Mesoamerican, European and Australian archaeologies – and beyond".
Contents
The Journal of Social Archaeology is published in February, June, and October. Each issue contains 5-7 articles, occasionally featuring interviews with social theorists considered "prominent" by the editors.
Abstracting and indexing
The Journal of Social Archaeology is abstracted and indexed in:
Academic Search Premier
Arts & Humanities Citation Index
Current Contents/Arts & Humanities
Educational Research Abstracts Online
Scopus
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Archaeology journals
Publications established in 2001
Triannual journals
The Eleventh Hour is an album by British saxophonist and improvisor Evan Parker's Electro-Acoustic Ensemble recorded in 2004 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating "There is a lot going on as violin, soprano saxophone, percussion, and piano all fall together, but as the sounds are treated and added to electronically, they have an air of space and separation that creates an immense space for the listener".
The authors of the Penguin Guide to Jazz Recordings wrote: "Eleventh Hour is a dark and foreboding work, packed with black energy... It's an astonishingly powerful record, and a perfect development to the language of this essential group."
Writing for All About Jazz, John Kelman commented: "While The Eleventh Hour is not an album for listeners tied to conventional musical approaches, it remains striking and strangely compelling, if for no other reason than it demonstrates just how far the creative mind can expand even well-established concepts into completely new territory." In a separate AAJ review, Chris May remarked: "It's not pure jazz, it's not pure electronica, and it's not pure conservatoire music either. It's something else again: fresh, vigorous, and very, very beautiful."
In a review for Clocks and Clouds, Beppe Colli stated: "With its excellent recorded sound, The Eleventh Hour could maybe in time reveal itself to be the best album that the ensemble has recorded to date."
Track listing
All compositions by Evan Parker except as indicated
"Shadow Play" (Lawrence Casserley, Evan Parker, Walter Prati, Joel Ryan) - 17:29
"The Eleventh Hour Part 1" - 12:52
"The Eleventh Hour Part 2" - 9:33
"The Eleventh Hour Part 3" - 12:03
"The Eleventh Hour Part 4" - 15:33
"The Eleventh Hour Part 5" - 5:28
Recorded live at the Centre For Contemporary Arts, Glasgow, in November 2004.
Personnel
Evan Parker - soprano saxophone, voice
Philipp Wachsmann - violin, electronics
Paul Lytton - percussion, electronics
Agustí Fernandez - piano, prepared piano
Adam Linson - double bass
Lawrence Casserley - signal processing instrument, percussion, voice
Joel Ryan - sample and signal processing
Walter Prati - computer processing
Richard Barrett - sampling keyboard, live electronics
Paul Obermayer - sampling keyboard, live electronics
Marco Vecchi - sound projection
References
ECM Records live albums
Evan Parker live albums
2004 albums
Play Kurt Weill is a cover album released by Swiss Industrial band The Young Gods. The album comprises interpretations of pieces by German composer Kurt Weill. The band played the entire track list during the Kurt Weill tribute concert in Switzerland in September 1989.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the liner notes of The Young Gods Play Kurt Weill.
The Young Gods
Alain Monod – keyboards
Use Hiestand – drums
Franz Treichler – vocals
Production and additional personnel
Voco Fauxpas – engineering
Roli Mosimann – production
Howie Weinberg – mastering
Release history
References
External links
The Young Gods albums
1991 albums
Kurt Weill tribute albums
Albums produced by Roli Mosimann
PIAS Recordings albums
Ana María González may refer to:
Ana María González (Mexican singer) (1918–1983), Mexican singer and voice actress
Ana María González (Spanish singer) (born 1951), Spanish-Argentine soprano
Ana María González (swimmer) (born 1974), Cuban Olympic swimmer
The 1990 Segunda División de Chile was the 39th season of the Segunda División de Chile.
Provincial Osorno was the tournament's champion.
First phase
North Zone
South Zone
Second Phase
North Zone - Promotion playoffs
North Zone - Relegation Playoffs
South Zone - Promotion Playoffs
South Zone - Relegation Playoffs
See also
Chilean football league system
References
External links
RSSSF - List of Second Division Champions
Segunda División de Chile (1952–1995) seasons
Primera B
1990 in South American football leagues
Haloglycomyces albus is a Gram-positive, anaerobic and moderately halophilic species of bacteria from the family of Glycomycetaceae.
References
Bacteria described in 2009
Actinomycetia
Monotypic bacteria genera
Science Communication (from 1979 to 1994 Knowledge: Creation, Diffusion, Utilization) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of communication of science and technology. The editor-in-chief is Susanna Hornig Priest (Oregon State University). It was established in 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
Science Communication is abstracted and indexed in Scopus, CAB Abstracts databases, ERIC, Clarivate Analytics, EBSCO databases, ProQuest databases, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2019 impact factor is 2.302, ranking it 21 out of 88 journals in the category "Communication".
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Communication journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1979
The 1990–91 VfL Bochum season was the 53rd season in club history.
Review and events
On 22 April 1991 head coach Reinhard Saftig was sacked and replaced by caretaker Rolf Schafstall.
Matches
Legend
Bundesliga
DFB-Pokal
Intertoto Cup
Squad
Squad and statistics
Squad, appearances and goals scored
Transfers
Summer
In:
Out:
Sources
External links
1990–91 VfL Bochum season at Weltfussball.de
1990–91 VfL Bochum season at kicker.de
1990–91 VfL Bochum season at Fussballdaten.de
Bochum
VfL Bochum seasons
Richard H. Davis, Jr. (born 1957) is an American political consultant. He previously served as a partner and chief operating officer of Pegasus Capital Advisors L.P., a private equity firm specializing in sustainable development projects. He was a managing partner of the business development and public affairs consulting firm Davis-Manafort, located in Alexandria, Virginia. He was the national campaign manager of John McCain's 2008 Presidential campaign (from July 11, 2007 to November 4, 2008). In that capacity, he oversaw the development and implementation of all campaign strategy and policy development. Davis also served McCain as national campaign manager for his 2000 presidential campaign (April 6, 1999 to March 9, 2000).
Career
Born to a Navy family, Davis studied at the University of Alabama. After learning the campaign business in Alabama and Mississippi, he became national field director for the College Republican National Committee during Ronald Reagan's 1980 presidential bid.
Davis served on President Ronald Reagan's White House staff from 1985 until March 1987 as a Principal Associate Director in the Office of Cabinet Affairs and Special Assistant to the President. As the Associate Director, his responsibilities included the coordination and development of US domestic policy in the White House. He oversaw all policy planning and decision-making for issues related to Environment and Energy.
During his tenure at the White House, Davis served as Principal Director of the Domestic Policy Council, in the Office of the Cabinet Secretary. As such he coordinated policies and projects, which included the President's Catastrophic Illness Bill, the Omnibus Health Bill of 1986, the Privatization of Conrail, the President's Space Commercialization Policy, the Rogers Commission, and the President's Competitiveness Package of 1987. Davis was also a member of a number of the interagency working groups including the Special Interagency Working Group on Space, the Health Policy Working Group and the Working Group on Environment.
In addition to his service in the White House, Davis held appointments in the Department of Health and Human Services, the Commerce Department, International Trade Administration, the Department of Interior and the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
In 1990, Davis served as Consultant to the White House Conference on Science and Economic Research Related to Global Climate Change. He managed agenda development and background research for the George H. W. Bush Administration. Over 20 countries participated in the first ever international conference hosted by a President dealing directly with climate change.
He left the Reagan White House to work with longtime lobbyist Paul Manafort, founding the lobbying firm Davis, Manafort. Between 1998 and 2008, the firm was paid at least $2.8 million for lobbying Congress, promoting pro-Russian policies with regard to Ukraine.
Davis serves on the Council on American Politics, which brings leaders from the forefront of today's political and communications arena together to address issues facing the growth and enrichment of GW's Graduate School of Political Management.
Domestic political experience
1976 Chairman, Alabama College Republicans.
1979 Staff member, Republican National Committee.
1980 Regional Director, Commitment '80 Reagan/Bush Campaign.
1982 Campaign Manager, Paul Trible's successful US Senate campaign.
1984 National Convention Director, Reagan/Bush Re-Election Campaign.
1988 Presidential Debate Coordinator, Bush/Quayle 1988 Presidential Campaign.
1996 Deputy Campaign Manager, 1996 Presidential Campaign of Senator Bob Dole.
International political experience
In addition to political campaigns in the United States, Davis has extensive experience as an international political consultant in Asia, Europe and Latin America. Through his firm, Davis Manafort Inc., he has coordinated Presidential, Parliamentary, Gubernatorial and Referendum campaigns in over a dozen countries. His activities also include developing and implementing democracy building campaigns in foreign countries.
2000 Presidential campaign
Davis served as Manafort's deputy in orchestrating the 1996 Republican National Convention; both would later join Bob Dole's presidential team. While working for Dole, Davis told a reporter that he was "blown away" by McCain's unconventional politics. He joined McCain's first election bid in 1999, as campaign manager.
Homeownership Alliance
In 2000, Davis became the head of a group called the Homeownership Alliance, a Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac advocacy group. Its website said that the organization was dedicated to "exposing and defeating trends that would harm consumer access to the lowest-cost mortgage option." He was head of the group for five years, being paid more than $30,000 per month. At the end of 2005, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac decided that Homeownership Alliance had outlived its usefulness, and it was closed.
Reform Institute
When McCain started the Reform Institute in 2001 to promote campaign finance reform, he involved Davis. In 2002, Davis was paid $120,000 as an institute consultant; in 2003, he was paid $110,000 in fees. In 2004 and 2005, when he was president of the non-profit institute, his salary totaled $165,000. Tax forms said he worked five hours a week or "as needed."
2008 Presidential campaign
Role
In 2006, Davis helped plan McCain's next White House run, envisioning a corporate-style campaign modeled after President Bush's 2004 bid. He began McCain's 2008 presidential election campaign as the chief executive. In July 2007, with the resignations of campaign manager Terry Nelson and chief strategist John Weaver, he took the position of Campaign Manager. In July 2008, Steve Schmidt was brought in to take charge of day to day campaign activities, although Davis retained the title of campaign manager.
Payments
In 2006, Davis and Manafort formed the company 3eDC, an Internet firm, which the McCain campaign selected to oversee the campaign's Web site and online fund raising. The company was paid $340,000 before the contract's cancellation in April 2007; in mid-June, the campaign reported that it still owed the company $721,000. In all, the McCain campaign paid $971,860 to the company. In June 2008, Campaign Money Watch, a 527 independent political group, filed a federal complaint that the company had improperly reduced the amount the campaign owed it by $107,000.
This complaint was found to have no cause and dismissed by the FEC in June 2009.
In April 2008, after McCain became the presumptive Republican nominee, 3eDC was paid $20,000 by the Republican National Committee (RNC). In June 2008, the RNC and 3eDC were negotiating a larger contract that could be worth $2 million or $3 million. FEC expenditure reports for the RNC and the McCain campaign show that this never materialized.
Controversies
Payments from Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae
On September 21, 2008, the New York Times reported that during the period from 2000 to 2002 (while Franklin Raines was the CEO of Fannie Mae), Davis received nearly $2 million from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac for consulting services. According to Robert McCarson, a former spokesman for Fannie Mae, "the value that he [Davis] brought to the relationship was the closeness to Senator McCain and the possibility that Senator McCain was going to run for president again." McCarson also claims that "while he worked [at Fannie Mae] from 2000 to 2002, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac together paid Mr. Davis's firm $35,000 a month.".
Three days later, the New York Times reported that Davis' firm, Davis Manafort, had been paid $15,000 per month by Freddie Mac, for "consulting", from the end of 2005, when Davis stopped being head of the Homeownership Alliance, until August 2008. Payments stopped when Freddie Mac was taken over by the federal government. The Times said that "Davis took a leave from Davis Manafort for the presidential campaign, but as an equity holder continues to benefit from its income."
The McCain campaign responded on September 24 with a statement that Davis had separated from Davis Manafort in 2006, and that "As has been previously reported, Mr. Davis has seen no income from Davis Manafort since 2006. Zero. Mr. Davis has received no salary or compensation since 2006. Mr. Davis has received no profit or partner distributions from that firm on any basis – weekly, bi-weekly, monthly, bi-monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual – since 2006. Again, zero. Neither has Mr. Davis received any equity in the firm based on profits derived since his financial separation from Davis Manafort in 2006." On September 28, Newsweek reported that Davis had joined the campaign in January 2007, not in 2006, and that he specified that his $20,000-a-month salary be paid directly to Davis Manafort.
The Times reported that "No one at Davis Manafort other than Mr. Davis was involved in efforts on Freddie Mac's behalf, the people familiar with the arrangement said." Newsweek reported that during the period of the payments, Freddie Mac had no contact with Davis Manafort other than receiving monthly invoices from the firm and paying them. The only thing that Freddie Mac officials could recall Davis doing for the company, the Times said, was speaking at an October 2006 forum attended by midlevel and senior executives who contributed to Freddie PAC, the company's political action committee.
Involvement with Oleg Deripaska
In 2005, Davis and his business partner, political consultant Paul J. Manafort, pitched a plan to Russian aluminum magnate Oleg Deripaska under which they would influence news coverage, business dealings, and politics in the former Soviet Union, Europe, and the United States "to benefit President Vladimir Putin's government." They eventually signed a $10 million contract that started in 2006, and maintained a business relationship until at least 2009.
In January 2006, Davis arranged a meeting between McCain, Senator Saxby Chambliss, Senator John Sununu, and Deripaska at a private apartment near Davos, Switzerland, during the World Economic Forum. Deripaska's suspected links to anti-democratic and organized crime figures are so controversial that the U.S. government revoked his entry visa in 2006.
Later that month, Deripaska wrote to Davis and Manafort to thank them for arranging the meeting. "Thank you so much for setting up everything in Klosters so spectacularly," he wrote. "It was very interesting to meet Senators McCain, Chambliss and Sununu in such an intimate setting."
Davis, McCain, and Deripaska dined together with others at a restaurant in Montenegro in August 2008. Davis had been assisting the ruling party with their successful independence campaign, which was bankrolled by Deripaska, the largest employer in Montenegro. McCain was visiting the country as part of an official Senate trip. After the dinner, a group including Davis and McCain traveled to a nearby yacht on the Adriatic Sea for a party celebrating McCain's 70th birthday.
DHL
In 2003, Davis and his lobbying firm were hired by German logistic company DHL and Airborne Express, to lobby Congress to approve a merger between the two firms. DHL Holdings was eventually successful in acquiring Airborne Express.
McCain and Davis have come under attack by the AFL-CIO for facilitating the deal, as DHL is now planning to quit using the Wilmington, Ohio freight airport as a hub. The airport and package-sorting facility in Wilmington was previously owned by Airborne Express. The move by DHL would cost an estimated 8,000 jobs at the Wilmington air park. At the time of the merger, the deal created an estimated 1,000 jobs for the Wilmington area.
Fictional portrayals
Davis was portrayed by Peter MacNicol in the 2012 HBO film Game Change.
See also
Timeline of Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections
References
External links
Jules Witcover, Interview with Rick Davis, June 25, 2007
The Council on American Politics at GW's Graduate School of Political Management
GW's Graduate School of Political Management
1959 births
American campaign managers
American lobbyists
American chief operating officers
College Republicans
Living people
University of Alabama alumni
Virginia Republicans
Great Conglomerate Falls is a waterfall on the Black River in Michigan. It is split into two drops in the summertime when water is lower. The falls take its name from the large conglomerate outcropping in the middle of the river that forms its segmented appearance.
Notes
Landforms of Gogebic County, Michigan
Waterfalls of Michigan
Storfjord Church () is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Storfjord Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. It is located in the village of Hatteng. It is the main church for the Storfjord parish which is part of the Nord-Troms prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white, wooden church was built in an empire style in a long church design in 1952 using plans drawn up by the architect Bjarne Bystad Ellefsen. The church seats about 320 people.
History
The first church in Storfjord was built in 1917. It was a school house from 1911 that was renovated and expanded in 1917 to make it into a church. That building was located about northwest of the present church site. That building was jointly used as a school and a church for many years. After World War II in 1952, the parish built a new, larger church, just to the southwest of the old church. The new church was consecrated in 1952. Afterwards, the old building was solely used as a school.
See also
List of churches in Nord-Hålogaland
References
Storfjord
Churches in Troms
Wooden churches in Norway
20th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1952
1917 establishments in Norway
Long churches in Norway
The KBS Drama Awards () is an awards ceremony presented by the Korean Broadcasting System (KBS) for outstanding achievements in Korean dramas aired on its network. It is held annually on 31 December. The highest honor of the ceremony is the "Grand Prize" (), awarded to the best actor or actress of the year.
Categories
Grand Prize (대상), ceremony's highest honor
Top Excellence in Acting Award (최우수상)
Excellence in Acting Award (우수상)
Best Supporting Actor/Actress (조연상)
Best New Actor/Actress (신인연기상)
Best Young Actor/Actress (청소년 연기상)
Best Actor/Actress in a One-Act/Special/Short Drama (단막극집상)
PD Award, given to the best actor or actress, as determined by PDs
Best Writer (작가상)
Special Award (특별상)
Achievement Award (공로상)
Popularity Award (인기상)
Netizen Award (네티즌상), given to the actor/actress with the most online votes on KBS' website
Best Couple Award (베스트 커플상), given to the best drama couple/s as voted by the registered users of KBS website
Grand Prize (Daesang)
Achievement Award
Top Excellence in Acting Awards
Best Actor
Best Actress
Excellence in Acting Awards
Best Actor in a Miniseries
Best Actress in a Miniseries
Best Actor in a Mid-length Drama
Best Actress in a Mid-length Drama
Best Actor in a Serial Drama
Best Actress in a Serial Drama
Best Actor in a Daily Drama
Best Actress in a Daily Drama
Best Actor in a One-Act/Special/Short Drama
Best Actress in a One-Act/Special/Short Drama
Best Actor in Drama Special/TV Cinema
Best Actress in Drama Special/TV Cinema
Supporting Awards
Best Supporting Actor
Best Supporting Actress
Newcomer Awards
Best New Actor
Best New Actress
Youth Awards
Best Young Actor
Best Young Actress
PD Award
Best Writer
Popularity Awards
Popularity Award, Actor
Popularity Award, Actress
Netizen Award, Actor
Netizen Award, Actress
Best Couple Award
Special Award
Soundtrack
Best OST
Discontinued awards
Best Actor
Best Actress
Photogenic Award, Actor
Photogenic Award, Actress
PD of the Year
Viewer's Choice Drama
Congeniality Award
See also
List of Asian television awards
SBS Drama Awards
MBC Drama Awards
References
Korean Broadcasting System original programming
South Korean television awards
Awards established in 1987
Annual events in South Korea
The 1934 season was the Hawthorn Football Club's 10th season in the Victorian Football League and 33rd overall.
Fixture
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
This is a list of educational, campaigning and community organizations related to BDSM.
Where an organization clearly indicates on its website that membership is restricted by gender or sexual orientation, this is noted. Many BDSM organizations of the social/community variety will require prospective members to attend an orientation meeting, where among other things, the organizers will attempt to screen out the obviously mentally ill and those whose interest in BDSM is professional (for example as journalists or law enforcement personnel) rather than personal.
Europe
Czech Republic
Other World Kingdom
Germany
Böse Buben
Bundesvereinigung Sadomasochismus
SMJG
United Kingdom
Spanner Trust
North America
United States
Black Rose, Washington D.C.
Center for Sex Positive Culture (aka The Wet Spot), Seattle
Conversio Virium (CV), Columbia University, New York City
The Eulenspiegel Society, New York City
Folsom Street Events, San Francisco, California
Lesbian Sex Mafia, lesbians and bisexual women only, New York City
National Coalition for Sexual Freedom
National Leather Association International
Samois, lesbians only, San Francisco, California (historical)
Society of Janus, San Francisco, California
See also
Glossary of BDSM
List of BDSM topics
List of universities with BDSM clubs
External links
BDSM organizations
Rubén Montoya (born June 18, 1940) is an Argentine former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Montoya played in the Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol in 1969 with América de Quito. In his debut season with America he was named the Ecuador Player of the Year. In 1970, he played with Barcelona S.C., and featured in the 1972 Copa Libertadores. In the summer of 1973 he played in the North American Soccer League with Miami Toros. In his debut season with Miami he played in 19 matches.
In 1974, he played in the National Soccer League with Toronto Italia. The following season he played in the Mexican Primera División with UNAM Pumas. During his tenure with Pumas he assisted in securing the Copa México, and the Campeón de Campeones.
Personal life
Montoya also served as an ordained Baptist minister.
References
Living people
1940 births
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Barcelona S.C. footballers
Miami Toros players
Toronto Italia players
Club Universidad Nacional footballers
Ecuadorian Serie A players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
Canadian National Soccer League players
20th-century Baptist ministers
Liga MX players
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Ecuador
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Ecuador
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Cameroon sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. This was the nation's second appearance at a Summer Paralympic Games after it made its debut four years earlier at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. They were represented by one athlete, shot put thrower Christian Gobe, who contested one event, the men's shot put F55. In that competition, he finished eighth out of twelve athletes with a throw of 10.28 metres.
Background
Cameroon made their second appearance in the Paralympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, with their Paralympic Games debut occurring four years prior in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. In contrast, Cameroon has been competing in the Olympic Games since the 1964 Summer Olympics. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. Cameroon sent one athlete to compete at the Rio de Janeiro Paralympics: shot put thrower Christian Gobe. He was accompanied by the president of the Cameroonian National Paralympic Committee Jean Jacques Ndoudoudmou and five other unnamed officials. Gobe was chosen as the flag bearer for the parade of nations during the opening ceremony.
Disability classification
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Christian Gobe contracted polio at the age of four and the complications of the disease left him disabled and he has used a wheelchair since. He was 39 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympics and it was his debut in the competition. Gobe qualified for the Games by meeting the "B" qualifying standard for the men's shot put F55 event. He spent as much as three hours per day training and preparing for the Games in the three years leading up to the competition and he was based in Switzerland which allowed him to improve his skills than if he was based in Africa due to better equipment and coaches. Before the Paralympics, Gobe said he felt it was his responsibility to be in Rio de Janeiro and he wanted to demonstrate to others that people with disabilities can play sport, "Come see us, you will realize that sometimes we provide more efforts than valid to achieve our goals.", and, "Sport is also a means of social integration. Being there, being seen on TV, talking about us is important! We do not want to stay in the corner lamenting." He competed in the men's shot put F55 competition on 16 September. Gobe finished eighth out of twelve athletes with the best throw of 10.28 metres.
See also
Cameroon at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Cameroonian sport
Telipna is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropical realm.
Species
Telipna acraea (Westwood, [1851])
Telipna acraeoides (Grose-Smith & Kirby, 1890)
Telipna albofasciata Aurivillius, 1910
Telipna atrinervis Hulstaert, 1924
Telipna aurivillii Rebel, 1914
Telipna cameroonensis Jackson, 1969
Telipna centralis Libert, 2005
Telipna citrimaculata Schultze, 1916
Telipna consanguinea Rebel, 1914
Telipna cuypersi Libert, 2005
Telipna ducarmei Libert, 2005
Telipna erica Suffert, 1904
Telipna hollandi Joicey & Talbot, 1921
Telipna ja Bethune-Baker, 1926
Telipna kaputui Libert, 2005
Telipna kayonza Jackson, 1969
Telipna kigoma Kielland, 1978
Telipna nyanza Neave, 1904
Telipna plagiata Joicey & Talbot, 1921
Telipna rothi (Grose-Smith, 1898)
Telipna rufilla (Grose-Smith, 1901)
Telipna ruspinoides Schultze, 1923
Telipna sanguinea (Plötz, 1880)
Telipna semirufa (Grose-Smith & Kirby, 1889)
Telipna sheffieldi Bethune-Baker, 1926
Telipna sulpitia Hulstaert, 1924
Telipna transverstigma Druce, 1910
Telipna villiersi Stempffer, 1965
References
Seitz, A. Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13: Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter. Plate XIII 61
Poritiinae
Taxa named by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius
Lycaenidae genera
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Luis, is located in the city of San Luis, capital city of San Luis Province in the Cuyo region of Argentina.
History
On 20 April 1934 Pope Pius XI founded the archdiocese as the Vicariate Apostolic of San Juan de Cuyo from territory taken from the Diocese of San Juan de Cuyo.
Bishops
Ordinaries
Pedro Dionisio Tibiletti (1934–1945)
Emilio Antonio di Pasquo (1946–1961), appointed Bishop of Avellaneda
Carlos María Cafferata (1961–1971)
Juan Rodolfo Laise O.F.M.Cap. (1971–2001)
Jorge Luis Lona (2001 – February 22, 2011)
Pedro Daniel Martinez Perea (February 22, 2011 – June 9, 2020); previously, had been Coadjutor Bishop
Gabriel Bernardo Barba (June 9, 2020 -
Coadjutor bishops
Juan Rodolfo Laise, O.F.M.Cap. (1971)
Jorge Luis Lona (2000-2001)
Pedro Daniel Martínez Perea (2009-2011)
References
San Luis
San Luis
San Luis
San Luis
Imma ochrilactea is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1934. It is found on the Marquesas Islands in French Polynesia.
References
Moths described in 1934
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
Halıcılar is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
The black-sided robin (Poecilodryas hypoleuca), also known as the pied robin, is a species of bird in the family Petroicidae.
It is widespread throughout New Guinea.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The genus name is derived from the Ancient Greek words poikilos 'pied' and dryas 'dryad', and the species name hypoleuca is derived from the Ancient Greek hypoleukos, meaning 'whitish'. Sibley and Ahlquist's DNA-DNA hybridisation studies placed this group in a Corvida parvorder comprising many tropical and Australian passerines including pardalotes, fairy-wrens, honeyeaters and crows. However, subsequent molecular research (and current consensus) places the robins as a very early offshoot of the Passerida (or "advanced" songbirds) within the songbird lineage.
Measuring 13 to 15 cm (5–6 in), the black-sided robin has black and white plumage. The upperparts including the crown, nape, back, wings and tail are black or brownish-black, as is its eye-stripe. It has white eyebrows, throat and underparts and a white patch on the wings. The bill is black, and the eyes are dark brown, and the legs grey or pink.
The black-sided robin is found across New Guinea from the Huon Peninsula west to the western limits of West Papua and West Papuan Islands, although is absent from the transfly region in the south. It inhabits predominantly lowland rainforests and swamp forests from sea level to 1200 m (4000 ft). Within the rainforest it is found singly or in pairs in the understory or on the ground. Shy, it is more often heard than seen. It is insectivorous, and hunts by gleaning and snatching insects from tree trunks and branches, and on the ground.
References
black-sided robin
Birds of New Guinea
black-sided robin
black-sided robin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Small Soviet Encyclopedia (Russian: Малая советская энциклопедия) was a general encyclopedia published in the Soviet Union. The encyclopedia was published in three editions:
1st edition, 10 volumes (between the period 1928-1931) -- the volumes were sold as they were published, hence the different publication dates for the 10 volumes.
2nd edition, 11 volumes
3rd edition, 10 volumes
See also
Great Soviet Encyclopedia
Soviet encyclopedias
Soviet culture
Russian language
Russian-language encyclopedias
1928 non-fiction books
20th-century encyclopedias
Jeff Moore (born 15 January 1980 in the Gloucester Township, New Jersey) is an American retired soccer player.
References
Living people
American soccer players
Association football midfielders
1980 births
New York Red Bulls players
Major League Soccer players
A parody film or spoof film is a subgenre of comedy film that parodies other film genres or films as pastiches, works created by imitation of the style of many different films reassembled together.
Although the subgenre is often overlooked by critics, parody films are commonly profitable at the box office.
1900s
Sherlock Holmes Baffled (1900)
The Little Train Robbery (1905)
1910s
The Mystery of the Leaping Fish (1916)
Teddy at the Throttle (1917)
1920s
Mud and Sand (1922)
Three Ages (1923)
Dr. Pyckle and Mr. Pryde (1925)
Yes, Yes, Nanette (1925)
1930s
Free and Easy (1930)
Movie Crazy (1932)
Number Seventeen (1932)
Once in a Lifetime (1932)
Sons of the Desert (1933)
Babes in Toyland (1934)
Satan Met a Lady (1936)
The Man Who Was Sherlock Holmes (1937)
Ali Baba Goes to Town (1937)
Sh! The Octopus (1937)
The Gorilla (1939)
1940s
The Great Profile (1940)
You Nazty Spy! (1940)
A Chump at Oxford (1940)
Playmates (1941)
Hellzapoppin' (1941)
Crazy House (1943)
Along Came Jones (1945)
The Wistful Widow of Wagon Gap (1947)
Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein (1948)
Abbott and Costello Meet the Killer, Boris Karloff (1949)
1950s
Abbott and Costello Meet the Invisible Man (1951)
Jack and the Beanstalk (1952)
Abbott and Costello Meet Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1953)
Beat the Devil (1953)
Abbott and Costello Meet the Keystone Kops (1955)
Abbott and Costello Meet the Mummy (1955)
The Court Jester (1956)
1960s
Creature from the Haunted Sea (1961)
Carry On Cleo (1964)
A Shot in the Dark (1964)
Doctor Strangelove (1964)
Carry On Spying (1964)
Harum Scarum (1965)
The Great Race (1965)
Carry On Cowboy (1965)
Don't Lose Your Head (1966)
For a Few Dollars Less (1966)
Carry On Screaming! (1966)
Our Man Flint (1966)
Casino Royale (1967)
The Ambushers (1967)
The Dove (1968)
Zuckerkandl (1968)
1970s
Carry On Up the Jungle (1970)
The Twelve Chairs (1970)
Carry On Henry (1971)
And Now for Something Completely Different (1971)
Carry On Dick (1974)
Blazing Saddles (1974)
Flesh Gordon (1974)
Young Frankenstein (1974)
The Groove Tube (1974)
Dark Star (1974)
Vampira (1974)
Uptown Saturday Night (1974)
Monty Python and the Holy Grail (1975)
Love and Death (1975)
The Rocky Horror Picture Show (1975)
The Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' Smarter Brother (1975)
The Black Bird (1975)
Allegro Non Troppo (1976)
Silent Movie (1976)
Murder by Death (1976)
Once Upon a Girl (1976)
Queen Kong (1976)
The Big Bus (1976)
High Anxiety (1977)
The Kentucky Fried Movie (1977)
American Raspberry (1977)
Hardware Wars (1978)
Attack of the Killer Tomatoes (1978)
The Cheap Detective (1978)
Carry On Emmannuelle (1978)
Piranha (1978)
Monty Python's Life of Brian (1979)
Rock 'n' Roll High School (1979)
1980s
Galaxina (1980)
Wholly Moses! (1980)
Airplane! (1980)
Murder Can Hurt You (1980)
Caddyshack (1980)
The Private Eyes (1980)
Closet Cases of the Nerd Kind (1980)
History of the World, Part I (1981)
Under the Rainbow (1981)
Student Bodies (1981)
Saturday the 14th (1981)
Zorro, The Gay Blade (1981)
The Creature Wasn't Nice (1981)
Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid (1982)
Young Doctors in Love (1982)
Airplane II: The Sequel (1982)
Police Squad! (TV series) (1982)
Pandemonium (1982)
The King of Comedy (1982)
Wacko (1982)
Zapped! (1982)
The Man With Two Brains (1983)
Monty Python's The Meaning of Life (1983)
Bullshot (1983)
Jaws 3-D (1983)
Agent 000 and the Deadly Curves (1983)
Bloodbath at the House of Death (1984)
Johnny Dangerously (1984)
Surf II: The End of the Trilogy (1984)
This Is Spinal Tap (1984)
The Toxic Avenger (1984)
Top Secret! (1984)
The Zany Adventures of Robin Hood (1984)
Voyage of the Rock Aliens (1984)
Night of the Comet (1984)
Rustlers' Rhapsody (1985)
When Nature Calls (1985)
Clue (1985)
Radioactive Dreams (1985)
Eat and Run (1986)
Haunted Honeymoon (1986)
Reform School Girls (1986)
Three Amigos (1986)
Whoops Apocalypse (1986)
Fresno (1986)
Evil Dead II (1987)
Hollywood Shuffle (1987)
Spaceballs (1987)
Back to the Beach (1987)
Amazon Women on the Moon (1987)
Leonard Part 6 (1987)
Dragnet (1987)
Love at Stake (1987)
Return of the Killer Tomatoes (1988)
Ricky 1 (1988)
The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad! (1988)
The Adventures of Baron Munchausen (1988)
I'm Gonna Git You Sucka (1988)
Caddyshack II (1988)
Killer Klowns from Outer Space (1988)
Buster (1988)
Flesh Gordon Meets the Cosmic Cheerleaders (1989)
UHF (1989)
Disorganized Crime (1989)
Lobster Man from Mars (1989)
"Meet the Feebles" (1989)
Transylvania Twist (1989)
1990s
A Man Called Sarge (1990)
The Adventures of Ford Fairlane (1990)
Repossessed (1990)
Killer Tomatoes Strike Back (1990)
Mob Boss (1990)
Zapped Again! (1990)
The Freshman (1990)
If Looks Could Kill (1991)
The Naked Gun 2½: The Smell of Fear (1991)
Hot Shots! (1991)
Killer Tomatoes Eat France (1991)
Evil Toons (1992)
Carry On Columbus (1992)
Sister Act (1992)
Stay Tuned (1992)
Loaded Weapon 1 (1993)
CB4 (1993)
The Naked Truth (1993)
Hot Shots! Part Deux (1993)
Robin Hood: Men in Tights (1993)
Fatal Instinct (1993)
Matinee (1993)
Last Action Hero (1993)
Freaked (1993)
Sister Act 2: Back in the Habit (1993)
The Silence of the Hams (1994)
Naked Gun : The Final Insult (1994)
Fear of a Black Hat (1994)
Blankman (1994)
The Brady Bunch Movie (1995)
Dracula: Dead and Loving It (1995)
Arabian Knight (1995)
Attack of the 60 Foot Centerfold (1995)
Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood (1996)
The Cable Guy (1996)
A Very Brady Sequel (1996)
Cannibal! The Musical (1996)
Spy Hard (1996)
High School High (1996)
Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Movie (1996)
Mars Attacks! (1996)
Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery (1997)
Funny Games (1997)
Starship Troopers (1997)
Orgazmo (1997)
George of the Jungle (1997)
Jane Austen's Mafia! (1998)
Wrongfully Accused (1998)
BASEketball (1998)
Plump Fiction (1998)
Liang Po Po: The Movie (1999)
Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me (1999)
Bowfinger (1999)
Galaxy Quest (1999)
The Underground Comedy Movie (1999)
The Woman Chaser (1999)
South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut (1999)
Drop Dead Gorgeous (1999)
The Scooby-Doo Project (1999)
2000s
2001: A Space Travesty (2000)
Scary Movie (2000)
Charlie's Angels (2000)
Shriek If You Know What I Did Last Friday the Thirteenth (2000)
The Bogus Witch Project (2000)
The Tony Blair Witch Project (2000)
Scary Movie 2 (2001)
Not Another Teen Movie (2001)
Shrek (2001)
Freddy Got Fingered (2001)
Elvira's Haunted Hills (2001)
Zoolander (2001)
Wet Hot American Summer (2001)
Kung Pow!: Enter the Fist (2002)
The Master of Disguise (2002)
The Brady Bunch in the White House (2002)
The Powerpuff Girls Movie (2002)
Undercover Brother (2002)
Ali G Indahouse (2002)
Austin Powers in Goldmember (2002)
Scary Movie 3 (2003)
Johnny English (2003)
Down with Love (2003)
G-Sale (2003)
A Mighty Wind (2003)
George of the Jungle 2 (2003)
The Cat in the Hat (2003)
Lost Skeleton of Cadavra (2004)
Shaun of the Dead (2004)
Freak Out (2004)
Starsky & Hutch (2004)
Churchill: The Hollywood Years (2004)
Kung Fu Hustle (2004)
Shrek 2 (2004)
Club Dread (2004)
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie (2004)
Team America: World Police (2004)
The Producers (2005)
My Big Fat Independent Movie (2005)
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (2005)
Hoodwinked! (2005)
Date Movie (2006)
Scary Movie 4 (2006)
Another Gay Movie (2006)
18 Fingers of Death! (2006)
Borat (2006)
Barnyard (2006)
Doogal (2006)
Bikini Bloodbath (2006)
Man of the Year (2006)
Everything Other than Japan Sinks (2006)
Epic Movie (2007)
Farce of the Penguins (2007)
Funny Games (2007)
Hot Fuzz (2007)
The Comebacks (2007)
Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story (2007)
The Naked Brothers Band: The Movie (2007)
Shrek the Third (2007)
Enchanted (2007)
Kill Buljo (2007)
You Don't Mess with the Zohan (2008)
Meet the Spartans (2008)
Superhero Movie (2008)
Another Gay Sequel: Gays Gone Wild (2008)
An American Carol (2008)
Disaster Movie (2008)
Extreme Movie (2008)
Tropic Thunder (2008)
The World Is Hot Enough (2008)
A.R.O.G. (2008)
Black Dynamite (2009)
Brüno (2009)
Dance Flick (2009)
OSS 117: Lost in Rio (2009)
Transylmania (2009)
Stan Helsing (2009)
Spanish Movie (2009)
Dark and Stormy Night (2009)
Alien Trespass (2009)
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs (2009)
2010s
Thamizh Padam (2010)
MacGruber (2010)
Vampires Suck (2010)
Kick-Ass (2010)
The 41-Year-Old Virgin Who Knocked Up Sarah Marshall and Felt Superbad About It (2010)
Johnny English Reborn (2011)
Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil (2011)
Breaking Wind (2012)
The Dictator (2012)
Movie 43 (2013)
iSteve (2013)
The Starving Games (2013)
A Haunted House (2013)
Scary Movie 5 (2013)
30 Nights of Paranormal Activity with the Devil Inside the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (2013)
Inappropriate Comedy (2013)
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 (2013)
This Is The End (2013)
Kick-Ass 2 (2013)
A Haunted House 2 (2014)
22 Jump Street (2014)
The Hungover Games (2014)
Hrudaya Kaleyam (2014)
They Came Together (2014)
Kingsman: The Secret Service (2014)
What We Do in the Shadows (2014)
The Interview (2014)
The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water (2015)
Double Barrel (2015)
Chirakodinja Kinavukal (2015)
Superfast! (2015)
The Walking Deceased (2015)
Ted 2 (2015)
Tooken (2015)
Ridiculous 6 (2015)
Hotel Transylvania 2 (2015)
The Night Before (2015)
Deadpool (2016)
Fifty Shades of Black (2016)
Donald Trump's The Art of the Deal: The Movie (2016)
Meet the Blacks (2016)
Popstar: Never Stop Stopping (2016)
Sausage Party (2016)
The Lego Batman Movie (2017)
Kingsman: The Golden Circle (2017)
Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation (2018)
Teen Titans Go! To the Movies (2018)
Deadpool 2 (2018)
Thamizh Padam 2.0 (2018)
Johnny English Strikes Again (2018)
Holmes & Watson (2018)
Notzilla (2019)
Between Two Ferns: The Movie (2019)
2020s
Eurovision Song Contest: The Story of Fire Saga (2020)
Borat Subsequent Moviefilm (2020)
Bill & Ted Face the Music (2020)
Secret Magic Control Agency (2021)
America: The Motion Picture (2021)
Hotel Transylvania: Transformania (2022)
The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent (2022)
Paws of Fury: The Legend of Hank (2022)
Weird: The Al Yankovic Story (2022)
References
Film genres
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Río Gallegos is located in the city of Río Gallegos, the capital of the Patagonia region of Santa Cruz, Argentina.
Size
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rio Gallegos, Argentina, according to the Vatican Information Service (VIS), has an area of 265,614 square miles, a total population of 300,000, a Catholic population of 210,000, 55 priests, 9 permanent deacons, and 94 religious.
History
It was erected in 1961, and was formed from the Roman Catholic Diocese of Comodoro Rivadavia, Argentina. It is a suffragan see of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bahia Blanca, Argentina.
Bishops
Ordinaries
Mauricio Eugenio Magliano, S.D.B.(1961–1974)
Miguel Angel Alemán Eslava, S.D.B.(1975–1992)
Alejandro Antonio Buccolini, S.D.B. (1992–2005)
Juan Carlos Romanin, S.D.B. (2005–2012)
Miguel Ángel D'Annibale (2013–2018), appointed Bishop of San Martín
Jorge Ignacio García Cuerva (2019-)
Auxiliary bishop
Miguel Ángel D'Annibale (2011-2013), appointed Bishop here
References
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/diocese/driog.html
Rio Gallegos
Rio Gallegos
Rio Gallegos
Rio Gallegos
1961 establishments in Argentina
Avengers Assemble was an ongoing comic book series featuring the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers. Its initial release coincided with the release of the 2012 film The Avengers.
The series was originally featured as an Avengers book featuring the cast from the 2012 film, designed to attract fans of Marvel's cinematic universe to the comics. After issue #8, it switched focus to showing different Avengers between missions. Beginning with #14 A.U., it has become the Avengers book used for crossovers.
The series ended in March 2014.
Publication history
Brian Michael Bendis wrote the first eight issues after which Kelly Sue DeConnick and Stefano Caselli took over as part of Marvel NOW!.
Team roster
Avengers Assemble began its run featuring the six members from the 2012 film. From issue #9 and on, it does not have an official roster, instead focusing on various Avengers.
Collected editions
References
Avengers (comics) titles
"That's On Me" is a song by American rapper Yella Beezy, released independently on October 31, 2017 as the second single from his second mixtape Lite Work, Vol. 2 (2017). The song is considered his breakout hit. Following its peak at number 56 on the Billboard Hot 100, Beezy was signed to L.A. Reid's Hitco record label.
The official remix of the song was released on October 26, 2018. It features vocals from American rappers 2 Chainz, T.I., Rich the Kid, Jeezy, Boosie Badazz and Trapboy Freddie, and appears on Yella Beezy's third mixtape Ain't No Goin' Bacc (2018).
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2017 singles
2017 songs
Yella Beezy songs
Type XXIII submarines were small, fast coastal craft, capable of remaining underwater indefinitely, fuel permitting, while at sea. This made them extremely dangerous to allied shipping and much better protected against allied counter-measures. Their main drawback was that they carried only two torpedoes, which severely limited their combat effectiveness. These boats appeared in the last two months of 1944 onward and were too late to have a major effect on the Second World War.
Due to their late arrival, the majority of these coastal submarines were never used in combat, and were scuttled either in Germany or in Operation Deadlight following the end of the war. These boats are listed below with construction and destruction information.
Type XXIII submarines
References
Notes
Bibliography
uboat.net : Type XXIII Elektro boats
Lists of submarines
Censorship in Finland refers to government policies in controlling and regulating certain information.
History
In 1686, the office of Censor of Books, which was to monitor literature imported and published in Finland, was established. Publishers had to get approval for their books.
In the 19th century, the censors attacked the press. Several newspapers were stopped soon after they came out.
In 1829, a law was made about censorship, which heavily increased the censorship. The law was in place until 1865. A committee was made to take care of it. Its president was the deputy chancellor of the university.
Locations
During World War I, Russian censorship was carried out in the following cities: Helsinki, Tornio, Kuopio, Vaasa, Pori, Tampere, Turku, Rauma, Oulu and Viipuri.
During the era of Russification in Finland, several Finnish newspapers were taken out of print.
During the Second World War, a government agency was founded to administer censorship.
After the Second World War
In the immediate aftermath of the Continuation War, a number of books were withdrawn from public libraries because of Soviet pressure. This ban concerned mostly pre-war and wartime propaganda works which were considered anti-Soviet, but the books remained in free circulation in the second-hand market. In 1958, the memoirs Kommunisti sisäministerinä (“Communist as the Minister of Interior”) of former communist Minister of Interior Affairs Yrjö Leino were withdrawn from circulation and burned just before publication on Soviet demand. The book was republished in 1991.
During the period of Finlandization, major Finnish publishers tended to avoid books that were thought to risk Soviet displeasure. For example, the first volume of the Finnish translation of Aleksander Solzhenitsyn's The Gulag Archipelago was published in Sweden, and the remaining two volumes by a minor Finnish publisher.
Modern day
Film
Film censorship carried out by the government agency Finnish Board of Film Classification was abolished in 2001. However, the agency still rates all movies sold in Finland.
Internet
In 2006, a new copyright law known as Lex Karpela set some restrictions on publishing information regarding copy protection schemes.
Also in 2006, the government started Internet censorship by delivering Finnish ISPs a secret blocking list maintained by Finnish police. Implementation of the block was voluntary, but some ISPs implemented it. The list was supposed to contain only sites with child pornography, but ended up also blocking, among others, the site lapsiporno.info that criticized the move towards censorship and listed sites that were noticed to have been blocked.
Following a “voluntary law” enacted by Finnish parliament on 1 January 2007, most of the Finland's major Internet service providers decided on 22 November 2006 to begin filtering child pornography, and ISPs first started filtering in January 2008. The Ministry of Communications has commented that filtering is voluntary for ISPs as long as they do not refuse. The blacklist is provided by Finnish police and should contain only foreign sites. Technically filtering was planned to be URI based, like the United Kingdom's Cleanfeed, but so far implementations have been DNS based.
A majority of these censored Internet sites, however, do not actually seem to be censored by the Finnish ISPs due to actual child pornography, but due to “normal” adult pornography instead. Most of the known sites are also located in EU or United States where child pornography is strictly illegal anyway. Two-thirds of the Finnish Internet censorship list of the filtered domains were collected on lapsiporno.info, the homepage of Matti Nikki, a Finnish activist criticizing Internet censorship in the European Union and especially in Finland. On 12 February 2008, Nikki's page was also added to the National Bureau of Investigation's blacklist (Wikinews article). As the list was compiled using links from pornography sites, this list does not tell anything about the last third of the blocked sites.
At September 2008, problems with accuracy continued, when the website of the main international standards organization for the World Wide Web W3C was briefly blacklisted as childporn by mistake.
In 2008, a government-sponsored report considered establishing similar filtering in order to curb online gambling.
After investigation of complaints about how the law on filtering child pornography has been implemented and the actions of the police, the vice Parliamentary Ombudsman concluded on 29 May 2009 that the police had followed the law and that most sites on the list did have material that could be classified as child pornography at the time they were investigated by the police. He also found that the law is somewhat unclear and that its effect on free speech is problematic and recommends these matters be considered when the law is overseen.
The Pirate Bay
In 2012, internet service providers Elisa, Sonera (now Telia) and DNA were ordered by Finnish courts to block traffic to The Pirate Bay and put Internet filters on the specific website.
Press
The Finnish press currently enjoys extensive freedom. Reporters Without Borders' (RWB) annual Press Freedom Index listed Finland as the country with the freest press for six years in a row between 2010 and 2016. In 2017, Finland fell to third place following an incident dubbed "Sipilägate": Prime Minister Juha Sipilä had pressured the national broadcaster Yle when it had covered a possible conflict of interests concerning him. RWB Secretary General Christophe Deloire cited Finland losing the first place as the most important development in press freedom surveyed by the Index that year.
See also
Media of Finland
References
External links
Five years of censorship at Lapsiporno.info
Russian Censorship in Finland during WW1
Kilmarnock Football Club is a Scottish association football club based in the town of Kilmarnock. The club first competed in a European competition in 1964–65, entering the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup. In UEFA organised competitions, the club has never progressed beyond the first round. However, in the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, Kilmarnock reached the semi-finals in 1966–67 losing out to Leeds United of England for a place in the final.
Matches
Overall record
By competition
By country
Notes
References
External links
Killie In Europe at KillieFC.com
Kilmarnock F.C.
Kilmarnock
Roger Barnils Crusats (born 27 May 1994) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Olot as a defensive midfielder.
Club career
Born in Seva, Barcelona, Catalonia, Barnils graduated with local AEC Manlleu's youth setup. He made his debuts as a senior in the 2011–12 campaign, aged only 17, in Tercera División.
On 16 July 2013, Barnils joined Segunda División B's UE Llagostera, achieving promotion to Segunda División (the club's first ever) at the end of the season. On 10 September 2014, he made his debut as a professional, starting in a 0–2 away loss against Real Betis for the campaign's Copa del Rey.
Barnils made his league debut 19 October, coming on as a second-half substitute for Diego Rivas in a 1–4 home loss against RCD Mallorca. On 19 August 2015, he was loaned to Sevilla Atlético in Segunda División B, for one year.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
People from Osona
Sportspeople from the Province of Barcelona
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Catalonia
Association football midfielders
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
AEC Manlleu footballers
UE Costa Brava players
Sevilla Atlético players
AE Prat players
UE Olot players
Jazików is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The AQA Baccalaureate (known as the "AQA Bacc" for short) is a British educational qualification launched in April 2009 by the Assessment and Qualifications Alliance, or AQA, to be studied in Years 12 and 13. The qualification includes the existing A and AS Levels as part of the assessment, as well as mandatory enrichment activities and an extended project.
Sections
Three GCE A Levels of the student's choice
Minimum of AS Level in General Studies, Critical Thinking or Citizenship
Extended Project Qualification (EPQ)
Enrichment: minimum of 100 hours in at least two of:
work-related learning
community participation
personal development activities
References
Educational qualifications in the United Kingdom
The Catholic Church in Switzerland (, , ) is organised into six dioceses and two territorial abbeys, comprising approximately 2.9 million Catholics, about 33.8% of the Swiss population.
The six dioceses are:
Diocese of Basel whose ordinary is Bishop Felix Gmür
Diocese of Lausanne, Geneva and Fribourg whose ordinary is Bishop Charles Morerod
Diocese of Chur whose ordinary is Bishop Joseph Maria Bonnemain
Diocese of Lugano whose ordinary is Bishop Valerio Lazzeri
Diocese of Saint Gallen whose ordinary is Bishop Markus Büchel
Diocese of Sion whose ordinary is Bishop Jean-Marie Lovey
The two territorial abbeys, which do not belong to any bishopric, are
St. Maurice's Abbey in the Canton of Valais, which is the longest continuously inhabited monastery in Europe, whose Abbot is Joseph Roduit,
Einsiedeln Abbey, in the Canton of Schwyz
In contrast to most Catholic dioceses, Swiss bishoprics are exempt, i.e. immediately subject to the jurisdiction of the Holy See, without any Metropolitan see. The bishops and the two territorial abbots are organised within the Swiss Bishops Conference.
In the last thirty years, mainly during the conflict over the appointment of Wolfgang Haas as Bishop of Chur, there have been discussions to make a major reform of the structure of the Catholic Church in Switzerland, which would probably also lead to the establishment of a metropolitan see (probably in Lucerne). However, discussions remain unresolved especially about the status of the Canton of Zürich as part of the Diocese of Chur, the large but splinted extend of the Diocese of Basel and the lack of a Metropolitan see stay unresolved.
The status of Catholicism in Switzerland is complicated further by the existence of Landeskirchen (Catholic cantonal churches), imposed by anti-clerical cantonal governments in the 19th century and organised along democratic lines and control the application of funds collected through church taxes. Most cantonally delineated Catholic church bodies are members in their umbrella Roman Catholic Central Conference of Switzerland (RKZ, official names in , , , ).
Currently, there is one living Cardinal from Switzerland, Kurt Koch; Gilberto Agustoni died in 2017 and Henri Schwery in 2021. Kurt Cardinal Koch participated in the 2013 Papal conclave.
Catholic lay organizations in Switzerland
Jungwacht Blauring (JuBla)
Demographics
76% of Swiss Catholics support same-sex marriage and 23% oppose it.
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in Switzerland
References
Toshinori (written: , , , or in hiragana) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese boxer
, Japanese trumpeter
Toshinori Muto (born 1978), Japanese golfer
, Japanese manga artist
, Russian sumo wrestler
, Japanese singer-songwriter
Fictional people with the name include:
Toshinori Yagi, AKA: All Might|My Hero Academia
Japanese masculine given names
Ivan Dodig (; born 2 January 1985) is a Croatian professional tennis player who primarily specialises in doubles.
He is a six-time Grand Slam champion, having won men's doubles titles at the 2015 French Open with Marcelo Melo, and the 2021 Australian Open with Filip Polášek. In mixed doubles, Dodig won the 2018 and 2019 French Opens and 2019 Wimbledon Championships, all alongside Latisha Chan, and the 2022 Australian Open partnering Kristina Mladenovic. He also finished runner-up at the 2013 Wimbledon Championships in men's doubles, and the 2016 French Open and 2017 Australian Open in mixed. Dodig has won 16 doubles titles on the ATP Tour, including five at Masters 1000 level, and also finished runner-up at the 2014 ATP World Tour Finals. He reached his career-high doubles ranking of world No. 4 in June 2015.
In singles, Dodig achieved his highest ranking of world No. 29 in October 2013, and won his first ATP title at the 2011 Zagreb Indoors. His best Grand Slam singes result was at the 2013 Wimbledon Championships, where he reached the fourth round. Dodig has represented Croatia in the Davis Cup since 2010, and was part of the team which won the tournament in 2018. He also won a silver medal in men's doubles at the 2020 Summer Olympics alongside Marin Čilić.
Career
2010
At the 2010 Australian Open, he qualified for the main draw and beat former world No. 1, Juan Carlos Ferrero, in the first round in five sets. However, he bowed out to Stefan Koubek in the second round.
Dodig then spent most of the rest of the year competing on the Challenger tour. He failed to qualify for the 2010 French Open, but reached the second round at Wimbledon, beating Óscar Hernández before losing to Sam Querrey in four sets. He also reached the second round at the 2010 US Open, after beating Fernando González, who retired with a knee injury, but Dodig himself retired with an injury against Thiemo de Bakker.
2011
At the 2011 Australian Open, Dodig played Ivo Karlović in the first round and prevailed in a tough five set match. He was then drawn to play third seed and eventual champion Novak Djokovic in the second round. Although he lost in four sets, he was the only player to win a set against Djokovic in the whole tournament.
He followed this up with a surprise first tournament win in front of his home crowd at the 2011 PBZ Zagreb Indoors, beating the previous year's finalist Michael Berrer.
He then made a second-round appearance at the 2011 Regions Morgan Keegan Championships, losing to the comeback kid Juan Martín del Potro. Dodig then reached the quarterfinals at the 2011 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships after beating Kunitsyn and Sela, before losing to Janko Tipsarević.
First-round action in the Davis Cup, a showdown between Croatia and Germany, saw Dodig up against Kohlschreiber, but he succumbed to the German in five sets. The loss proved costly, as Germany went on to prevail 3–2 in the tie to move on to the quarterfinals.
At the 2011 Sony Ericsson Open he beat Andrey Golubev in the first round. However, he lost to world No. 4 Robin Söderling despite being up 4–2 in the third set.
At the 2011 Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters, he bowed out to World No.29 Tommy Robredo in the first round.
Dodig then found some good form heading into the 2011 Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell tournament. In the opening round he beat Vincent Millot before beating No.3 seed and last year's finalist Robin Söderling. He then went on to claim hard fought scalps over fast-rising Canadian Milos Raonic and home favourite Feliciano López to reach the semifinals of a clay-court tournament for the first time in his career. However, in the semifinals, he was inevitably stopped by five-time champion and eventual champion for the sixth time, world No. 1 Rafael Nadal who is still yet to lose a match on Barcelona soil. Despite breaking twice as he broke once in each set to hang on with Nadal, Dodig eventually fell after giving a decent fight, which added to the Spaniard's current winning streak on clay.
In the second round of the Rogers Cup, Dodig stunned world No. 2 Rafael Nadal, 1–6, 7–6, 7–6 after recovering from a 1–6, 1–3 deficit before losing to Janko Tipsarević in the third round.
On 30 August 2011, in the US Open first round Dodig lost to Nikolay Davydenko in a closely fought five sets match.
2012
At the first gram slam of the year, the 2012 Australian Open he retired against Frederico Gil. At the next two slams he also lost in the first round to Robin Haase and Lukáš Rosol at the 2012 French Open and Wimbledon respectively. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he lost to Juan Martín del Potro in the first round of the men's singles. He fared better in the men's doubles, where he and partner Marin Čilić reached the quarter-finals. At the 2012 US Open he beat qualifier Hiroki Moriya in the first round, however lost his second round match against Andy Murray in straight sets.
2013: Top 30 and career-high ranking in singles, Wimbledon doubles finalist
Dodig had his most successful season to date, reaching the third round or better at three out of four major tournaments, and breaking into the world's top 30 for the first time. At the Australian Open, Dodig reached the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time, beating Di Wu and Jarkko Nieminen respectively in the first two rounds, before losing to number 10 seed Richard Gasquet. He reached his first quarterfinal of the year at the PBZ Zagreb Indoors, losing to 3rd seed Mikhail Youzhny. At Indian Wells, Dodig defeated 28th seed Julien Benneteau en route to the third round before falling to world No. 2, Roger Federer in straight sets.
During the clay-court season, Dodig reached the semifinals of the BMW Open before falling to eventual champion Tommy Haas. However at the French Open, Dodig lost an extremely tight first round match to Guido Pella, losing 12 games to 10 in the fifth set. He then went on to have his best run at a Grand Slam event to date, due in part to some luck and a brace of injuries, reaching the fourth round at Wimbledon despite only completing one match. Philipp Kohlschreiber retired in the first round in the fifth set. He then beat Denis Kudla in straight sets, followed by Igor Sijsling retiring in the third set. In the fourth round, he led David Ferrer by a set, but eventually lost in four. He and his partner Marcelo Melo also finished as runners-up in the men's doubles to Bob and Mike Bryan.
2014: ATP World Tour Finals runner-up and two Masters Finals
He was the 32nd seed at the 2014 Australian Open where he reached the second round before retiring to Damir Džumhur.
At the 2014 Barcelona Open, Dodig beat world No. 30 Feliciano López in second round and lost to Rafael Nadal in round of 16. At the Rome Masters, he defeated Federico Delbonis and Lukas Rosol, then was beaten in third round by Jérémy Chardy in round of 16.
At the Canada Masters, the Croatian took wins over world No. 14 John Isner and Andreas Seppi, after which he was defeated by fifth seeded David Ferrer.
2015–2017: 2015 French open doubles title and World No. 4, 2017 top 5 year-end doubles ranking
Dodig had a strong showing in the men's doubles event at the 2015 Australian Open. Dodig and his partner Marcelo Melo reached the semifinals after falling to Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Mahut.
During the clay court season, Dodig and Melo won their first title of the year at the Mexican Open after winning over Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Santiago González 7–6(7–2), 5–7, 10–3. At the 2015 French Open, Dodig and Melo won their maiden Grand Slam title beating Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan 6–7(5–7), 7–6(7–5), 7–5. This win helped Dodig to reach his career high ranking of world No.4 in doubles on 8 June 2015.
Following the grass court season, Dodig and Melo lost in the quarterfinals of the 2015 Wimbledon Championships to qualifiers Jonathan Erlich and Philipp Petzschner 6–4, 2–6, 2–6, 4–6.
Dodig and Melo were knocked out in the third round of the 2016 Wimbledon Championships Doubles, whilst Dodig was knocked out in the first round of the singles. Dodig and Melo won the masters 1000 tournaments at the 2016 Rogers Cup and the 2016 Western & Southern Open. The pair were runners-up at the 2016 Nottingham Open as top seeds.
2019–2021: New partnership, Australian Open champion, back to top 10, Olympics silver medalist
Dodig won the 2019 Western & Southern Open, the 2019 China Open and the 2021 Australian Open with his new partner Filip Polášek. As a result he returned to the top 10 on 22 February 2021. They also reached the 2019 Rolex Paris Masters, the 2020 Australian Open and the 2021 Miami Open semifinals.
At the 2020 Olympics, Dodig partnered Marin Čilić and won a silver medal, losing to fellow Croats and top seeds Nikola Mektić and Mate Pavić in 3 sets 4–6, 6–3, [6–10]. It was the third time in the Olympics men's doubles' history that the same country won both gold and silver, and the first one since 1908.
For the North-American hard court swing, Dodig partnered with Rohan Bopanna with their best showing being the quarterfinals of the 2021 Canadian Open where they were defeated by the eventual champions Salisbury/Ram. He reached the final at the 2021 Winston-Salem Open with Austin Krajicek.
At the 2021 BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, he reached his second Masters 1000 semifinal for 2021 after reuniting with Marcelo Melo where they were defeated by the eventual champions, his former partner Polasek and John Peers. Seeded as a top pair, Dodig and Melo reached the quarterfinals at the 2021 European Open.
2022: Australian Open mixed doubles champion, French Open doubles finalist
Dodig partnering Kristina Mladenovic won the mixed doubles event at the 2022 Australian Open. It was his second title at this Major and sixth Grand Slam title overall.
Partnering with Austin Krajicek they won their first title as a pair at the 2022 ATP Lyon Open, having reached the final at the 2021 Winston-Salem Open previously together.
At the 2022 French Open he reached his fourth Grand Slam doubles final in his career also partnering with Krajicek defeating en route World No. 1 and No. 2 and top seeds Joe Salisbury and Rajeev Ram and saving five match points in the quarterfinals.
Personal life
On 16 November 2013, Dodig married Maja Ćubela. On 16 June 2014, his wife gave birth to their son, Petar.
Significant finals
Grand Slam finals
Doubles: 4 (2 titles, 2 runners-up)
Mixed doubles: 6 (4 titles, 2 runner-ups)
Olympic finals
Doubles: 1 (1 silver medal)
Year-end championships
Doubles: 1 (1 runner-up)
Masters 1000 finals
Doubles: 10 (5 titles, 5 runner-ups)
ATP career finals
Singles: 2 (1 title, 1 runner-up)
Doubles: 40 (17 titles, 23 runner-ups)
Team competition finals
Davis Cup: 2 (1 title, 1 runner-up)
Performance timelines
Singles
Doubles
Current through the 2022 Qatar ExxonMobil Open.
Mixed doubles
At the 2018 US Open, Dodig and Chan withdrew before their second round match, this is not counted as a loss.
Top 10 wins
Dodig has a record against players who were, at the time the match was played, ranked in the top 10.
References
External links
Official website
1985 births
Living people
Bosnia and Herzegovina male tennis players
Croatian expatriates in Germany
Croatian male tennis players
Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina
People from Čitluk, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Tennis players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Tennis players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic tennis players of Croatia
French Open champions
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in men's doubles
Wimbledon champions
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in mixed doubles
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Croatia
Olympic medalists in tennis
Classical ballet is any of the traditional, formal styles of ballet that exclusively employ classical ballet technique. It is known for its aesthetics and rigorous technique (such as pointe work, turnout of the legs, and high extensions), its flowing, precise movements, and its ethereal qualities.
There are stylistic variations related to an area or origin, which are denoted by classifications such as Russian ballet, French ballet, British ballet and Italian ballet. For example, Russian ballet features high extensions and dynamic turns, whereas Italian ballet tends to be more grounded, with a focus on fast, intricate footwork. Many of the stylistic variations are associated with specific training methods that have been named after their originators. Despite these variations, the performance and vocabulary of classical ballet are largely consistent throughout the world.
History
Ballet originated in the Italian Renaissance courts and was brought to France by Catherine de' Medici in the 16th Century. During ballet's infancy, court ballets were performed by aristocratic amateurs rather than professional dancers. Most of ballet's early movements evolved from social court dances and prominently featured stage patterns rather than formal ballet technique.
In the 17th century, as ballet's popularity in France increased, ballet began to gradually transform into a professional art. It was no longer performed by amateurs, but instead ballet performances started to incorporate challenging acrobatic movements that could only be performed by highly skilled street entertainers. In response, the world's first ballet school, the Académie Royale de Danse, was established by King Louis XIV in 1661. The Academie's purpose was to improve the quality of dance training in France and to invent a technique or curriculum that could be used to transform ballet into a formal discipline. Shortly after the Academie was formed, in 1672, King Louis XIV established a performing company called the Academie Royal de Musique de Dance (today known as Paris Opera), and named Pierre Beauchamp the head dancing-master. While at the Academie Royal, Beauchamp revolutionized ballet technique by inventing the five positions (first, second, third, fourth and fifth) of ballet, which to this day remain the foundation of all formal classical ballet technique.
Famous dancers in history
– Anna Pavlova: 12 February 1881 - 23 January 1931
– Dame Margot Fonteyn: 18 May 1919 – 21 February 1991
– Rudolf Nureyev: 17 March 1938 – 6 January 1993
Development
Before classical ballet developed, ballet was in a period referred to as the Romantic era. Romantic ballet was known for its storytelling, and often held a softer aesthetic. Classical ballet came to be when a ballet master by the name of Marius Petipa (who is considered to be one of the greatest choreographers of all time) took Romantic ballet and combined it with different aspects of Russian ballet technique (as Petipa was once a choreographer and ballet master at Mariinsky Ballet). Elements pulled from these things include the storytelling found in Romantic ballet, and the athleticism of Russian technique. Therefore, a new era of ballet, which later became known as the classical era, began. Even though he was responsible for bringing in the classical ballet era, Petipa was also responsible for choreographing well-known romantic ballets such as Giselle and The Sleeping Beauty (ballet).
During the classical era, Marius Petipa was largely responsible for creating choreographic structures that are still used in ballets today. For one, Petipa was the first to use the grand pas de deux in his choreography. Additionally, he cemented the usage of the corps de ballet as a standard part of a ballet. Despite his ushering in of the classical era, these elements can be seen in his romantic ballets as well.
Famous Classical Ballets
– Coppélia: Choreographed by Arthur Saint-Léon
– Don Quixote (ballet): Choreographed by Marius Petipa
– Swan Lake: Choreographed by Marius Petipa and Lev Ivanov
– The Nutcracker: Choreographed by Marius Petipa and Lev Ivanov
Technique
Ballet technique is the foundational principles of body movement and form used in ballet. A distinctive feature of ballet technique is turnout; which is the outward rotation of the legs and feet emanating from the hip. This was first introduced into ballet by King Louis XIV because he loved to show off the shiny buckles on his shoes when he performed his own dances. There are five fundamental positions of the feet in ballet, all performed with turnout and named numerically as first through fifth positions. When performing jumps and leaps, classical ballet dancers strive to exhibit ballon, the appearance of briefly floating in the air. Pointe technique is the part of ballet technique that concerns pointe work, in which a ballet dancer supports all body weight on the tips of fully extended feet on specially designed and handcrafted pointe shoes. In professional companies, the shoes are made to fit the dancers' feet perfectly.
Training
Students typically learn ballet terminology and the pronunciation, meaning, and precise body form and movement associated with each term. Emphasis is placed on developing flexibility and strengthening the legs, feet, and body core (the center, or abdominals) as a strong core is essential for turns and many other ballet movements. Dancers also learn to use their spot which teaches them to focus on something while turning so as not to become dizzy and lose their balance.
After learning basic ballet technique and developing sufficient strength and flexibility, female dancers begin to learn pointe technique and male and female dancers begin to learn to partner and more advanced jumps and turns. Depending on the teacher and training system, students may progress through various stages or levels of training as their skills advance.
Ballet class attire
Female attire typically includes pink or flesh colored tights, a leotard, and sometimes a short wrap-skirt, or a skirted leotard. Males typically wear black or dark tights, a form-fitting white, or black, shirt or leotard worn under the tights, and a dance belt beneath the outer dancewear to provide support. In some cases, students may wear a unitard — a one-piece garment that combines tights and a leotard — to enhance the visibility of artistic lines.
All dancers wear soft ballet shoes (sometimes called flats). Typically, female dancers wear pink or beige shoes and men wear black or white shoes. Leg warmers are sometimes worn during the early part of a class to protect leg muscles until they become warm. Females are usually required to restrain their hair in a bun or some other hairstyle that exposes the neck that is not a ponytail. The customary attire and hairstyle are intended to promote freedom of movement and to reveal body form so that the teacher can evaluate dancers' alignment and technique. After warming up, advanced female students may wear pointe shoes whereas advanced male students continue to wear soft shoes. Pointe shoes are worn after the student is deemed strong enough in the ankles and can execute the routine to a high standard, usually around or after the age of 12, or after the dancers' feet have stopped developing, so as to protect the dancers' feet from injury common with premature wearing.
Methods
There are several standardized, widespread, classical ballet training systems, each designed to produce a unique aesthetic quality from its students. Some systems are named after their creators; these are typically called methods or schools. For example, two prevailing systems from Russia are the Vaganova method (created by Agrippina Vaganova) and the Legat Method (by Nikolai Legat). The Cecchetti method is named after Italian dancer Enrico Cecchetti. Another training system was developed by and named after August Bournonville; this is taught primarily in Denmark. The Royal Academy of Dance (RAD) method was not created by an individual, but by a group of notable ballet professionals. Despite their associations with geographically named ballet styles, many of these training methods are used worldwide. For example, the RAD teaching method is used in more than 70 countries.
American-style ballet (Balanchine) is not taught by means of a standardized, widespread training system. Similarly, French ballet has no standard training system; each of the major French-style ballet schools, such as the Paris Opera Ballet School, Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique et de Danse, and Académie de Danse Classique Princesse Grace (Monaco) employs a unique training system.
Stage reference points
Some classical ballet training systems employ standardized layouts to define reference locations at the corners, and edges of stages, and dance studio rooms. In the latter case, there is no audience and a mirror typically spans the downstage wall of the room (e.g., points 1-2 of the Cecchetti layout).
See also
Contemporary ballet
Neoclassical ballet
Glossary of ballet
References
External links
Sources
Ballet styles
vi:Kịch múa
Senator Granger may refer to:
Gideon Granger (1767–1822), New York State Senate
Miles T. Granger (1817–1895), Connecticut State Senate
Lee Hsiu-fen (, 28 December 1910 – 18 January 1985) was a Chinese academic and politician. She was among the first group of women elected to the Legislative Yuan in 1948.
Biography
Lee was originally from Huailai County in Chahar Province. After graduating from Peking Normal University, she earned a master's degree at Stanford University in the United States. Returning to China, she became a professor at Guangdong Menqin University and Guangdong Provincial College of Arts & Science. She also served as headteacher of Chongqing China Women's Vocational School.
In the 1948 elections to the Legislative Yuan Lee ran as a Kuomintang candidate in Chahar Province and was elected to parliament. She relocated to Taiwan during the Chinese Civil War, where she became a professor at Chinese Culture University, Tamkang College of Arts and Sciences and Feng Chia Business School. She died in January 1985.
References
1910 births
Beijing Normal University alumni
Stanford University alumni
South China Normal University faculty
Members of the Kuomintang
20th-century Chinese women politicians
Members of the 1st Legislative Yuan
Members of the 1st Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
Chinese Culture University faculty
Tamkang University faculty
Feng Chia University faculty
1985 deaths
The Brigham Young Complex is a collection of buildings historically associated with religious leader Brigham Young on East South Temple in the center of Salt Lake City, Utah.
The complex, the surviving part of a once-larger compound belonging to Young, includes the Beehive House, Young's family residence, the Lion House, his official residence as church leader and governor of the Utah Territory, and two small office buildings he used for official business. The complex is a National Historic Landmark District for its association with Young, whose leadership included the rapid expansion of Mormon settlement across the American West. It is located at the southeastern corner of the enlarged Temple Square area, occupying the northwest corner of East South Temple and State Street.
History
The Brigham Young Complex is set apart from later construction by a rubble wall, portions of which were originally placed when Brigham Young designated the site in the 1850s, and portions are relocated to the area's north and west boundaries due to road widening projects. From right to left, the complex consists of the Beehive House, the President's Office, the Governor's Office, and the Lion House. The buildings are stylistically reminiscent of earlier 19th-century New England styles, with some Gothic detailing. Truman O. Angell was responsible for the design of the buildings, all of which were built in the 1850s. The right three buildings are now joined by a modern ell in the rear.
These houses were the residence of Brigham Young from 1852 until his death in 1877. As President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) at the time of the Mormon settlement of the Salt Lake Valley, Young and his home were pivotal in the development of the Church, Utah, and the American west. The two houses were designated as a National Historic Landmark in 1964, and the landmark designation was later expanded to include the two office buildings.
Prior to the construction of these buildings, Young housed his family and conducted the affairs of the church and territory from log structures which no longer stand. The first of the surviving buildings to be finished was the Governor's Office, built in 1852–4. It was used by Young to house his civic administration of the Deseret Territory, later the Utah Territory. The President's Office and Beehive House were completed in 1855; the former was the seat of church business, while the Beehive House served as a ceremonial governor's mansion. The Lion House was erected in 1855–56, and was designed to house Young's large family (12 wives and 35 children).
Current use
The buildings are now owned by LDS Church; the Beehive House is open for tours, and the Lion House is operated as an event venue. In 2020, the Brigham Young Complex and other historic sites on Temple Square were closed to the public due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Utah
National Register of Historic Places listings in Salt Lake City
Temple Square
References
External links
Brigham Young Historic Park Utah.com site
Houses in Salt Lake City
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Utah
National Historic Landmarks in Utah
Properties of religious function on the National Register of Historic Places in Utah
Properties of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Significant places in Mormonism
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Utah
Brigham Young
1855 establishments in Utah Territory
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Utah
National Register of Historic Places in Salt Lake City
Mormon museums in the United States
Relocated buildings and structures in Utah
The 1979 Bandy World Championship was contested between four men's bandy playing nations. The championship was played in Sweden from 27 January-4 February 1979. Soviet Union became champions.
Participants
Premier tour
27 January
Norway – Finland 2–8
Soviet Union – Sweden 4–3
28 January
Norway – Sweden 1–7
Soviet Union – Finland 4–4
30 January
Finland – Sweden 1–8
Soviet Union – Norway 6–4
1 February
Norway – Sweden 0–4
Soviet Union – Finland 6–3
2 February
Finland – Sweden 1–7
Soviet Union – Norway 7–2
4 February
Norway – Finland 2–6
Soviet Union – Sweden 4–2
References
1979
World Championships
Bandy World Championships
International bandy competitions hosted by Sweden
Bandy World Championships
Bandy World Championships
International sports competitions in Gothenburg
1970s in Gothenburg
Pisticci (Metapontino: ; ) is a town comune in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Pisticci is the fourth most populous town in the region and the most populous in the province after Matera. It is known for being the production site of Amaro Lucano, one of the most famous Italian liqueurs.
Saints Peter and Paul Mother Church
The church stands on the site of an early church which dated from 1212, retaining its bell tower and two of its stained glass windows. In 1542 it was expanded by the addition of two extra aisles, constructed by Pietro and Antonio Laviola, two brothers who were later accused of murder in Mantua.
The church is in the Romanesque-Renaissance style, with an angled roof, and is built in the shape of a Latin cross, with three aisles. On the left and right there are small chapels, under which there are buried local important people. Each chapel has a statue by the sculptor Salvatore Sacquegna. The interior walls of the church are decorated with 18th-century pictures painted by Domenico Guarino, among which Our Lady of Mount Carmel, the Madonna del Pozzo, and the Mysteries of the Rosary are especially notable.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Timothy Michael Hemensley (23 November 197121 July 2003) was an Australian bass guitarist and singer. He was the frontman of Powder Monkeys (1991–2002), a punk, garage and hard rock band. He had been a member of GOD (1986–89), Bored! (1989–91) and the Yes-Men. Hemensley was in his first band at age ten. In 1996 he played bass guitar for Peter Wells (ex-Rose Tattoo). Hemensley died of a heroin overdose on 21 July 2003, aged 31. Hemensley was the son of the poet, Kris Hemensley.
Biography
Timothy Michael Hemensley was born in 1971 and grew up in Melbourne. His father was Kris Hemensley, an English-Australian poet, editor and bookstore co-owner with Retta Hemensley, his mother, who was also a poet. At the age of 10 he played in his first Melbourne-based punk band. By 1984 he was a member of Royal Flush, which recorded two tracks, "Christian Bullshit" and "Coppers 'Round the Corner", for a punk, various artists compilation album, Eat Your Head (1984).
In 1986 Hemensley, a.k.a. Meatcleaver Boy, on bass guitar, drums and vocals, formed a punk rock group, GOD. Fellow founders were Sean Greenway (a.k.a. Sean Scorpion) on guitar and vocals, Joel Silbersher (a.k.a. Joel Rock'n'Roll) on guitar and vocals, and Matthew Whittle (a.k.a. Matty Mustang) on bass guitar, drums and vocals.
In January 1988 GOD released their debut single, "My Pal", via Bruce Milne's record store and related label, Au Go Go Records. Milne later recalled "Joel and Tim [Hemensley] had been coming into my shop [Au Go Go Records] since they could lean over the counter. One day Joel came in and played me the cassette of the song and I thought, 'Oh my god, this is too good to believe. I'm putting this out'." According to Australian musicologist, Ian McFarlane, it was an "astonishing Husker Du-styled" track and they "had an alternative #1 hit on their hands before they were even old enough to get beer riders at their gigs!" The group disbanded ahead of releasing their debut album, For Lovers Only, in December 1989. In 2010 Afterburn records issued a 2× CD compilation album, GOD.
Hemensley, late in 1989, replaced Grant Gardner on bass guitar in Bored!, another punk group, alongside John Nolan on guitar. With Hemensley aboard they released a seven-track extended play, Take It out on You (1990), on Dog Meat Records. Two of its tracks were written by Hemensley: "Conquest" and the title track. McFarlane noticed that "[he] added much to the band's charisma and sense of arrogance." The group toured Europe and, after returning to Australia, both Hemensley and Nolan left Bored! in 1991.
In 1991 Hemensley, on bass guitar and lead vocals, formed a punk group, Powder Monkeys, with Nolan on lead guitar. They were joined by Aydn Hibbert on rhythm guitar and vocals (ex-the Philisteins), Timmy Jack Ray on drums and Jed Sayers on harmonica. Their first gig was at the Great Britain Hotel. McFarlane declared they "were the band to experience in the live arena. The band's hard-driving, seething, strung-out, incendiary blend of punk, high energy rock'n'roll and heavy metal came on like a cross between The Stooges (circa 1973), Motorhead (circa 1976), Rose Tattoo (circa 1978) and US hardcore heroes Black Flag (circa 1980)." He specified that their "Volatile singer/songwriter/bass player [Hemensley] wrote primal, street-level songs like 'Another Nite in Hell', 'I Stand Bare', 'Straight Until Morning' and 'In the Doldrums' that were reflections of his life."
Powder Monkeys debut single, "Yin Yang", appeared in February 1993 via Dog Meat Records. The track was written by Hemensley and was included on their debut album, Smashed on a Knee (March 1994). McFarlane observed "Despite its uneven, rough-hewn quality, [the album] possessed enough moments of sheer excitement and blazing energy to catapult the band to the forefront of the independent scene." Their second album, Time Wounds all Heels, was issued in February 1996.
Hemensley and Ray, while still members of Powder Monkeys, performed a run of gigs during 1996 as members of Peter Wells Band alongside Wells on lead guitar and vocals (ex-Rose Tattoo) and Lucy de Soto, Wells' then-partner, on keyboards and vocals. They recorded an album, Go Ahead Call the Cops, which was released in October with the members co-producing.
Powder Monkeys issued their third album, Lost City Blues, in 2000. In the following year Ray was replaced by Todd McNear. Later that year Nolan had a severe asthma attack and was unable to perform for four months. The group resumed in 2002 and played their last gigs, supporting the Dictators and then Dead Moon, before disbanding by the end of the year. Tim Hemensley died of a heroin overdose on 21 July 2003, aged 31. Expenses for his funeral were covered by a series of benefit concerts.
References
General
Note: Archived [on-line] copy has limited functionality.
Specific
External links
1971 births
2003 deaths
Australian people of English descent
Australian people of Egyptian descent
Australian bass guitarists
Deaths by heroin overdose in Australia
Musicians from Melbourne
20th-century Australian male singers
20th-century bass guitarists
Bonchurch Manor is a manor house on the Isle of Wight, situated in Bonchurch.
History
Bonchurch was held before the Conquest as an alod by Estan of Earl Godwin. In 1086 it belonged to William son of Azor, and was of considerable worth, doubtless owing to the grazing value of its chalk downs. Sir John Oglander gives the following fanciful account of its early history: 'The church was erected in the reign of William the Conqueror by John de Argenton, a Frenchman, to whom William Fitz Osbern gave Bonchurch. Argenton "got it to be made a parish by means of his brother's son Walkelin, then Bishop of Winton." ' The Argenteins, however, do not seem to have held any land in the Isle of Wight until the end of the 12th century. It was one of the manors held by John de Lisle at the end of the 13th century of the honour of Carisbrooke Castle, and it followed the same descent as West Court in Shorwell (q.v.) to the Popham and Hill families. The part held by the Hills passed to Rosa daughter of Lieut.-Col. Charles Fitz Maurice Hill, who married the Rev. James White. The Bonchurch estate, belonging to Mrs. Rosa White, was put up for sale in 1836 and passed to different owners. In 1863 the manorial rights were purchased by Dr. Leeson, but none are now exercised. Bonchurch Manor is currently owned by Christopher Rose, an attorney, and his wife Khadine.
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page's "A History of the County of Hampshire: Volume 5 (1912)", a publication now in the public domain
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Manor houses in England
Pressure & Time is the second studio album by American rock band Rival Sons. It was released on June 20, 2011, in the UK and was released in the United States on June 28, 2011, through UK independent label Earache Records. The cover artwork was designed by Storm Thorgerson, who had worked for Led Zeppelin and Pink Floyd before. A music video has been released for title track "Pressure & Time", which features the band performing in different backgrounds. The title track was also used as the theme song of the 2013 action-adventure video game Ride to Hell: Retribution and was even featured in the movie Swearnet. The track Get Mine was featured in a Jeremiah Weed premium malt beverage television advertising campaign showing an arm wrestling competition.
Critical reception
AllMusic editor William Ruhlmann noted how the band was an oddity in Earache's mostly death metal roster but gave praise to their musical ability to harken back to late 1960s hard rock reminiscent of Led Zeppelin ("Pressure & Time", "Gypsy Heart") and "Hush"-era Deep Purple ("All Over the Road"), concluding that "anyone who likes that kind of music should overlook the implications of the record label and check out Rival Sons." Joseph Giannone of Cinema Blend was ambivalent towards the record, commending the band's catchy musicianship for capturing late 1960s and 1970s hard rock, but felt it lacked virtuosity and a style to call their own. He singled out the title track, "Gypsy Heart" and "Face of Light" for showcasing the band's potential in their given subgenre and should be used as a blueprint to follow, saying that "instead of concerning themselves with easily digestible music, then maybe this album would have been distinguished."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted credits from the liner notes of Pressure & Time.
Rival Sons
Jay Buchanan – vocals
Scott Holiday – guitar
Robin Everhart – bass
Michael Miley – drums
Additional musicians
Arlan Shierbaum – Wurlitzer, B3 ("Only One" and "Face of Light")
Production
Dave Cobb – production
Pete DiRado – recording, engineering
Mark Rains – mixing
Pete Lyman – mastering
Charts
Album
References
2011 albums
Earache Records albums
Rival Sons albums
Albums produced by Dave Cobb
Marliese Echner-Klingmann (26 January 1937 – 16 November 2020) was a German poet and playwright.
Biography
Born as Marie-Elisabeth Echner in Heidelberg, Echner-Klingmann grew up in Eschelbronn. She worked as an office administration clerk until her marriage in 1959. She had two children: Her son Michael, born in 1961 and her daughter Christiane, born in 1964.
She began writing at the middle of the 1960s. In 1988, Echner-Klingmann founded the acting-group "Sellemols" in Eschelbronn. She died at 16 November 2020 and is buried at the Cemetery of Eschelbronn.
Awards and honours
In 2008, she was awarded the :de:Heimatmedaille des Landes Baden-Württemberg:Heimatmedaille des Landes Baden-Württemberg.
Bibliography
Fiction
with Ilse Rohnacher: Stoppelfelder streichle. Mundartgedichte. Pfälzische Verlagsanstalt, Landau, 1984
with Ilse Rohnacher: Du un ich. Mundartgedichte. Heidelberger Verlagsanstalt, Heidelberg, 1988
with Ilse Rohnacher: Blädderraschle Mundartgedichte. C. Winter, Heidelberg, 1996
Dorfgeschichten in Mundart und Schriftdeutsch. Info-Verlag, Karlsruhe, 2004
Kraichgauer Wortschatz. Wörter und Wendungen aus dem Östlichen Kraichgau. Hrsg. vom Heimatverein Kraichgau Eppingen, Druckerei Odenwälder, Buchen, 2001
Plays
Sellemols. Vom Leineweber- zum Schreinerdorf (1989)
Veronika Seyfert (1993)
Aus der Lisbeth ihrm Tagebuch. E Dorf em Kraichgau vun 1939 bis 1945 (1996)
S Leewe geht weiter - E Dorf em Kraichgau vun 1945 bis 1954 (2002)
Zuzenhausen, ein Dorf an der Elsenz (2004)
Dorfleewe, wud Groußeltern noch Kinner ware (2008)
References
1937 births
2020 deaths
20th-century German writers
20th-century German women writers
21st-century German writers
21st-century German women writers
German women poets
Writers from Heidelberg
The 1993–94 SM-liiga season was the 19th season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 12 teams participated in the league, and Jokerit Helsinki won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
TPS - HIFK 3:0 (4:1, 2:1, 7:3)
Ässät - Tappara Tampere 2:3 (3:4, 2:5, 7:4, 5:4, 1:4)
Jokerit - Ilves 3:1 (6:1, 4:1, 2:3, 5:1)
Lukko - JYP 3:1 (3:1, 1:2, 4:1, 4:1)
Semifinal
TPS - Tappara Tampere 3:1 (6:4, 1:3, 6:3, 4:2)
Jokerit - Lukko 3:1 (2:0, 5:0, 0:4, 2:1 P)
3rd place
Lukko - Tappara Tampere 3:2 P
Final
TPS - Jokerit 1:3 (4:1, 0:3, 1:2, 2:3 P)
Relegation
External links
SM-liiga official website
Fin
1993–94 in Finnish ice hockey
Liiga seasons
Zenon Mazurkevich (August 31, 1939 – October 26, 2018) was a Ukrainian-American architect known for his church architecture, in particular the St. Joseph the Betrothed Ukrainian Catholic Church.
Early life and education
He was born in the town of Rozhniativ in the Ivano-Frankivsk region of Ukraine. He emigrated with his parents to Germany and then to Canada. He graduated from the University of Toronto with a degree in architecture in 1966. He received master's degrees in architecture and in city planning from the University of Pennsylvania, Graduate School of Fine Arts in 1972.
Career
At the beginning of his career, Mazurkevich worked for Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, as well as the architectural firm of Skidmore Owings and Merrill, where he was involved with the design of the 100-story John Hancock Center in Chicago, Illinois. He later opened up his own firm in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he pursued his passion in religious architecture.
His most prominent architectural work is St. Joseph the Betrothed Ukrainian Catholic Church in Chicago, Illinois. Three-quarters of the Church's exterior consists of curved windows. It was one of the largest bent-glass projects in the country at that time. When it was built, local press commented that its futuristic design looked “like a product of a cosmic collision between 12th Century Russia and 21st Century Mars.” The church has been cited by architectural experts as one of the most beautiful buildings in Chicago, and one of the most beautiful churches in America.
Mazurkevich's other projects included St. Michael the Archangel Ukrainian Catholic Church in Baltimore, Maryland, which he designed in the Cossack Baroque style, the Prayer Room at St. Basil Academy in Fox Chase, Pennsylvania, the Order of St. Basils Monastery in Glen Cove, New York, renovations of St. Nicholas Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in Chicago, Illinois, as well as an avant-garde design for the Cathedral of the Transfiguration of our Lord, in Kolomyia, Ukraine.
Personal life
He married human-rights activist and restaurateur Ulana Baluch Mazurkevich, and had two sons.
Gallery
External links
The Prayer Room at Saint Basil Academy
Interview (in Ukrainian), documentary on Ukrainian-Americans
References
1939 births
2018 deaths
Ukrainian architects
Harpella is a genus of fungi in the Harpellaceae family. The widespread genus contains five species that grow in Diptera.
References
External links
Zygomycota genera
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Toba, Mie Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu Railway.
Lines
Funatsu Station is served by the Shima Line, and is located 45.4 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Ise-Nakagawa Station.
Station layout
The station was consists of two opposed side platforms connected by a level crossing. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Funatsu Station opened on July 23, 1929 as a station on the Shima Electric Railway. The line was one of six private companies consolidated into Mie Kotsu by order of the Japanese government on February 11, 1944. When Mie Kotsu dissolved on February 1, 1964, the station became part of the Mie Electric Railway, which was then acquired by Kintetsu on April 1, 1965.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 128 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Kamo River
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Kintetsu: Funatsu Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
Railway stations in Mie Prefecture
Stations of Kintetsu Railway
Toba, Mie
In addition to the drums used as main memory by IBM, e.g., IBM 305, IBM 650, IBM offered drum devices as secondary storage for the 700/7000 series and System/360 series of computers.
IBM 731
The IBM 731 is a discontinued storage unit used on the IBM 701. It has a storage capacity of 2048 36-bit words (9,216 8-bit bytes).
IBM 732
The IBM 732 is a discontinued storage unit used on the IBM 702. It has a storage capacity of 60,000 6-bit characters (45,000 8-bit bytes).
IBM 733
The IBM 733 is a discontinued storage unit used on the IBM 704 and IBM 709. It has a storage capacity of 8192 36-bit words (36,864 8-bit bytes).
IBM 734
The IBM 734 is a discontinued storage unit used on the IBM 705 It has a storage capacity of 60,000 6-bit characters (45,000 8-bit bytes).
IBM 7320
The IBM 7320 is a discontinued storage unit manufactured by IBM announced on December 10, 1962 for the IBM 7090 and 7094 computer systems, was retained for the earliest System/360 systems as a count key data device, and was discontinued in 1965. The 7320 is a vertically mounted head-per-track device with 449 tracks, 400 data tracks, 40 alternate tracks, and 9 clock/format tracks. The rotational speed is 3490 rpm, so the average rotational delay is 8.6 milliseconds.
Attachment to a 709x system is through an IBM 7909 Data Channel and an IBM 7631 File Control unit, which can attach up to five random-access storage units, a mix of 7320 and 1301 DASD. One or two 7631 controllers can attach to a computer system, but the system can still attach only a total of five DASD. When used with a 709x, a track holds 2796 six-bit characters, and 7320 unit holds 1,118,400 characters. Data transfer rate is 202,800 characters per second.
The 7320 attaches to a System/360 through a channel and an 2841 Storage Control unit. Each 2841 can attach up to eight 7320 devices. When used with System/360, a track holds 2081 eight-bit bytes, and 7320 unit holds 878,000 bytes. Data transfer rate is 135,000 bytes per second.
The 7320 was superseded by the IBM 2301 in mid-1966.
IBM 2301
The IBM 2301 is a magnetic drum storage device introduced in the late 1960s to "provide large capacity, direct access storage for IBM System/360 Models 65, 67, 75, or 85." The vertically mounted drum rotates at around 3500 revolutions per minute, and has a head-per-track access mechanism and a capacity of 4 MB. The 2301 has 800 physical tracks; four physical tracks make up one logical track which is read or written as a unit. The 200 logical tracks have 20,483 bytes each. Average access time is 8.6 msec, and the data transfer rate is 1.2 million bytes per second. The 2301 attaches to a System/360 via a selector channel and an IBM 2820 Storage Control Unit, which can control up to four 2301 units.
IBM 2303
The IBM 2303 is a magnetic drum storage device with the same physical specifications as the IBM 2301. The difference is that the 2303 reads and writes one physical track at a time, rather than the four in the 2301, reducing the data transfer rate to 312.5 thousand bytes per second. The 2303 attaches to System/360 through a channel and an IBM 2841 Storage Control Unit, which can attach up to two 2303 units.
See also
Drum memory: Drums used as main memory
References
History of computing hardware
7320
Computer storage devices
Women & Men: Stories of Seduction is a 1990 American drama film consisting of three separate short films. The three segments are directed by Frederic Raphael, Tony Richardson, and Ken Russell and written by Valerie Curtin, Joan Didion, and John Gregory Dunne, based on short stories by Ernest Hemingway, Mary McCarthy, and Dorothy Parker.
The film stars James Woods, Melanie Griffith, Beau Bridges, Elizabeth McGovern, Molly Ringwald, and Peter Weller. The film premiered on HBO on August 19, 1990.
Plot
The three stories being adapted are "Hills Like White Elephants" by Ernest Hemingway, "The Man In The Brooks Brothers Suit" by Mary McCarthy, and "Dusk Before Fireworks" by Dorothy Parker. All are about romantic liaisons.
Cast
James Woods as Robert
Melanie Griffith as Hadley
Beau Bridges as Gerry Green
Elizabeth McGovern as Vicki
Molly Ringwald as Kit
Peter Weller as Hobie
Kyra Sedgwick as Arlene
Philip O'Brien as Vicki's Father
References
External links
1990 television films
1990 films
1990s English-language films
American drama films
1990 drama films
HBO Films films
Films directed by Tony Richardson
Films directed by Ken Russell
Films scored by Marvin Hamlisch
1990s American films
Juan José Rodríguez Morales (born 23 June 1967) is a retired Costa Rican football player.
Club career
Nicknamed Peché, the defender played for a few teams, including San Carlos.
International career
Rodríguez made his debut at almost 35 years of age for Costa Rica in an April 2002 friendly match against Japan and earned a total of 4 caps, scoring no goals. All games were 2002 World Cup warm-up games. He was a surprise inclusion in Costa Rica's 2002 FIFA World Cup squad, although he played no part in the tournament. He later denied allegations he was selected due to family relations with coach Alexandre Guimarães.
His final international was a May 2002 friendly against Belgium.
Personal life
Rodríguez is married to Kattia Vargas and they have three children. He works at the Comité Cantonal de Deportes de San Carlos.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
People from Grecia (canton)
Association football defenders
Costa Rican footballers
Costa Rica international footballers
2002 FIFA World Cup players
Belén F.C. players
A.D. San Carlos footballers
Subsolanoides is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Subsolanoides nagata, which is endemic to China.
References
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Monotypic butterfly genera
The Senior men's race at the 1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Amorebieta, Spain, at the Jaureguibarría Course on March 28, 1993. A report on the event was given in The New York Times and in the Herald.
Complete results, medallists,
and the results of British athletes were published.
Race results
Senior men's race (11.75 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 236 athletes from 45 countries in the Senior men's race. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published.
(1)
(9)
(9)
(7)
(3)
(7)
(2)
(9)
(1)
(2)
(5)
(6)
(1)
(9)
(6)
(6)
(9)
(1)
(1)
(6)
(7)
(1)
(8)
(6)
(6)
(9)
(6)
(3)
(7)
(9)
(7)
(3)
(1)
(8)
(7)
(1)
(9)
(9)
(2)
(2)
(9)
(9)
(2)
(1)
(4)
See also
1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men's race
1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women's race
1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior women's race
References
Senior men's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
BioGnost Ltd. is a Croatian pharmaceutical company with its headquarters located in Zagreb. The company was founded in 1990 by mr. sc. Ivan Marchiotti, MD and Mirjana Marchiotti-Ulip, MPharm.
The company is a market leader in manufacturing immunohematologic, immunochromatographic, and histologic in vitro diagnostic products in the region of Southeastern Europe.
Company history
1997 - The Croatian Ministry of Health granted BioGnost the License for manufacture of medical products, the company started manufacturing blood typing serums; first stamp (BIOGNOST) was registered and trademarked with the Croatian Intellectual Property Office. The company soon started manufacturing tests for detecting pregnancy, drug metabolites and infective diseases.
1998 - First distributions with foreign partners were arranged.
2000 - The company began distributing tests for detecting metabolites of drugs. AbuGnost and DOA MultiGnost home tests were being used more often. That can be attributed to numerous newspaper articles and interviews given by mr. sc. Ivan Marchiotti, MD.
2003 - The company implemented the ISO 9001 quality management standard. The process of marketing over 240 registered brand name products was started, and a company representative office was opened in Belgrade, Serbia.
2005 - BioGnost became the first company in Croatia to implement the ISO 13485 standard.
2006 - By implementing the system of protecting the work environment from harmful influence of alcohol and illegal drugs, BioGnost becomes the first company in Croatia to do so. It was also one of the exhibiting companies at the 34th International medical, pharmaceutical, laboratory and rehabilitation equipment, optics and dental equipment fair.
2007 - National Colorectal Cancer Screening Program was launched by distributing HemoGnost tests. The cooperation continues onward.
2010 - 18 brand name products stamps were registered. Sister company BioGnost S was founded.
2011 - BioGnost BH was founded in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
2012 - The company's headquarters were moved from Center for Small Business Savica Šanci (Ulica Savica 147) to the new commercial building at the present location (Medjugorska 59). A new sales range Diabetes was launched.
2013 - For the first time the company participated at the renowned Medica Fair in Düsseldorf. That resulted in the rising number of new business cooperations with foreign partners.
Awards and recognitions
Croatian Kuna award – 2000, 2002
Golden Kuna award – 2003. The most successful company in Zagreb in the category of small-sized companies
The best small Croatian business enterprise – 2004. Awarded by the Ministry of Economy
ARCA 2004 – Gold medal for diagnostic devices
3rd European Day of the Entrepreneur 2006 (EDE) – 3rd most promising company among 150 small and medium-sized companies
Sources
Manufacturing companies based in Zagreb
Pharmaceutical companies of Croatia
Pharmaceutical companies established in 1990
Croatian brands
Croatian companies established in 1990
The grey-streaked honeyeater (Ptiloprora perstriata), also known as the black-backed honeyeater, is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is found in the New Guinea Highlands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
grey-streaked honeyeater
Birds of New Guinea
grey-streaked honeyeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Olympia High School may refer to:
Olympia High School (Orlando, Florida)
Olympia High School (Stanford, Illinois)
Greece Olympia High School (Rochester, New York)
Olympia High School (Olympia, Washington)
Olympian High School (Chula Vista, California)
Mitagi-Kazmalyar (; , Mitəhi-Qazmalar) is a rural locality (a selo) in Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,176 as of 2010. There are 49 streets.
Geography
Mitagi-Kazmalyar is located 16 km west of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mitagi and Mugarty are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Azerbaijanis live there.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
Webster County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 36,999. The county seat is Fort Dodge. The county was established in January 1851, one of 43 counties established by a legislative package. This county was named after Daniel Webster, an American statesman noted for his moving oratory.
Webster County comprises the Fort Dodge, IA Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has an area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 20 – runs east–west across central Webster County, through Moorland and Coalville.
U.S. Highway 169 – enters northern Webster County at mid-county and runs south to Harcourt. It runs four miles east, then turns south to exit the county.
Iowa Highway 7 – enters western Webster County running east from Manson. It runs east to its terminus at US Highway 169 at Fort Dodge.
Iowa Highway 175 – enters southeastern Webster County, running west from Stratford. It runs west and south–north to its connection to US Highway 169, four miles east of Harcourt.
Iowa Highway 144 – enters southern Webster County near its midpoint. It runs north to its connection to Iowa Highway 175, three miles west of Harcourt.
Airport
The Fort Dodge Regional Airport (FOD) is located just north of Fort Dodge. It is primarily a general aviation airport, with some commercial service provided by Air Choice One. Daily direct flights are operated to Lambert-St. Louis International Airport and Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport, with connecting service through Mason City to Chicago O'Hare International Airport.
Adjacent counties
Boone County (southeast)
Calhoun County (west)
Greene County (southwest)
Hamilton County (east)
Humboldt County (north)
Pocahontas County (northwest)
Wright County (northeast)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 36,999 in the county, with a population density of . 94.86% of the population reported being of one race. There were 16,937 housing units, of which 15,046 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 38,013 in the county, with a population density of . There were 17,035 housing units, of which 15,580 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 40,235 people, 15,878 households, and 10,304 families in the county. The population density was 56 people per square mile (22/km2). There were 16,969 housing units at an average density of 24 per square mile (9/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 93.39% White, 3.39% Black or African American, 0.30% Native American, 0.66% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.10% from other races, and 1.15% from two or more races. 2.35% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 15,878 households 30.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.80% were married couples living together, 9.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.10% were non-families. 30.30% of households were one person and 13.10% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.97.
The age distribution was 24.50% under the age of 18, 11.10% from 18 to 24, 25.50% from 25 to 44, 21.60% from 45 to 64, and 17.40% 65 or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 100.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.20 males.
The median household income was $35,334 and the median family income was $43,772. Males had a median income of $31,047 versus $23,042 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,857. About 6.70% of families and 10.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.30% of those under age 18 and 7.00% of those age 65 or over.
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Webster County.
† county seat
Communities
Cities
Badger
Barnum
Callender
Clare
Dayton
Duncombe
Fort Dodge
Gowrie
Harcourt
Lehigh
Moorland
Otho
Stratford (in Webster and Hamilton Counties)
Vincent
Census-designated place
Coalville
Unincorporated communities
Burnside
Lanyon
Townships
Townships include:
Badger
Burnside
Clay
Colfax
Cooper
Dayton
Deer Creek
Douglas
Elkhorn
Fulton
Gowrie
Hardin
Jackson
Johnson
Lost Grove
Newark
Otho
Pleasant Valley
Roland
Sumner
Wahkonsa
Washington
Webster
Yell
Notable people
Robert Schliske, member of the Wyoming House of Representatives, 1971–1975, born in Webster County
Politics
In recent presidential elections, Webster County had a strong Democratic lean, voting for the party's candidate in every election from 1984 to 2012. In 2016 however, the county swung hard to vote for Republican Donald Trump by a wide margin, a nearly 27 point swing compared to 2012.
See also
Webster County Courthouse
National Register of Historic Places listings in Webster County, Iowa
Notes
References
External links
Webster County government's website
Webster County map 1895
Webster County Fair Website
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
Vladislav Ivanovich Matviyenko (; born 27 September 1967) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player. As a player, he made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1989 for FC Okean Nakhodka.
References
1967 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Stavropol
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
FC Okean Nakhodka players
FC Dynamo Stavropol players
Russian Premier League players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara players
FC Tekstilshchik Kamyshin players
FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
Russian football managers
FC Okean Nakhodka managers
Association football midfielders
Stenella stipae is a species of anamorphic fungi.
Description
Belonging to the Stenella genus, this species is a Cercospora-like fungus with a superficial secondary mycelium, solitary conidiophores, conidiogenous cells with thickened and darkened conidiogenous loci and catenate or single conidia with dark, slightly thickened hila.
See also
Stenella subsanguinea
Stenella tristaniae
Stenella vangueriae
References
Further reading
External links
stipae
Fungi described in 2005
The Cape Town Holocaust & Genocide Centre began as Africa's first Holocaust centre founded in 1999. The Centre works towards creating a more caring and just society in which human rights and diversity are respected and valued. Through exhibitions, events and workshops, they endeavour to commemorate the victims and survivors of the Nazi regime and the numerous genocides that happened before and since the Holocaust.
The museum has a permanent exhibition that combines text, archival photographs, film footage, documents, multimedia displays and recreated environments. They also offer educational programmes of various types, for groups such as students or educators. The Holocaust is taught within a South African context; lessons on racism and the apartheid are mixed together.
History
Tourist Information
The Centre is open from 10 am to 4 pm from Sunday-Thursday and 10-2 on Friday. Admission is free. Visitors can contact the centre at 021-462 5553 or admin@holocaust.co.za.
Exhibition
The permanent exhibition is made up of three different galleries. The first is dedicated to Racism and Discrimination, the second to the Third Reich and the third to Ghettos. Racism and Discrimination (Gallery 1) includes the following sections:
Racism
Antisemitism in South Africa
Apartheid
Collection on The Final Solution
Collection on Rescue, Resistance and liberationThe Third Reich (Gallery 2) includes
Jewish life in Europe before the Holocaust
Germany and the rise of Nazism 1919-1933
The Third Reich 1933-1939
The power of propaganda (masses)
The power of propaganda (youth)
Antisemitic policies
They too were victims
The Nazi concentration camp universe
Nazi camps
Seeking refuge
Kristallnacht-The night of broken glass
Nazism engulfs the Jews of Europe
Collection on Deportation and the Death Camps
Collection on Seeking Justice
Ghettos (Gallery 3) includes
Segregation and isolation
The Warsaw Ghetto
Mass murder begins
Highlights Include:
Collection on Anne Frank
20-minute video of Local survivors' Testimony
Patrons
Justice Richard J Goldstone
Professor Pumla Gobodo-Madikizela
Chief Rabbi Warren Goldstein
Professor Jonathan Jansen
Desmond M Tutu, Archbishop Emeritus
Trustees
(Chairman)Gerald Diamond
Philip Krawitz
Natalie Barnett
Ann Harris
Myra Osrin
Ernest Kajabo
Beverley Cohen
Prof Milton Shain
Prof Tim Murithi
See also
List of Holocaust museums
Simon Wiesenthal Center
Yad Vashem
Yom HaShoah
References
External links
Cape Town Holocaust Centre Website
South Africa: Holocaust Centre
Jews and Judaism in Cape Town
Museums in Cape Town
Holocaust museums
1999 establishments in South Africa
Museums established in 1999
Be Ready Boys: Appalachia to Abilene is an album by the American musicians Norman Blake and Rich O'Brien, released in 1999.
Track listing
"Tennessee Wagoner" (Traditional) – 3:22
"Old Pal of Yesterday" (W. S. Stevenson) – 4:29
"Texola Waltz" (Blake) – 2:23
"When It's Lamplighting Time in the Valley" (Traditional) – 3:37
"Bowling Green Rag" (Blake) – 2:33
"Homestead on the Farm" (A. P. Carter) – 3:30
"Mexico" (Bryant) – 2:25
"Going Home" (Antonín Dvořák, Traditional) – 3:39
"Kentucky's Your Home" (Blake) – 3:14
"Under the Double Eagle" (Traditional) – 4:08
"Grandpa's Barn" (Richard O'Brien) – 4:25
"Seamus O'Brien" (Traditional) – 3:45
"Flop-Eared Mule" (Traditional) – 4:05
"A Maiden's Prayer" (Bob Wills) – 3:32
"Callahan" (Traditional) – 2:13
"Heavenly Sunlight" (G. H. Cook, H. J. Zelley) – 3:45
Personnel
Norman Blake – guitar, banjo, fiddle, vocals
Rich O'Brien – guitar, mandolin, vocals
Don Edwards – guitar
1999 albums
Norman Blake (American musician) albums
Yongyuan may refer to:
Yongyuan Town (永源镇), town in Daowai District, Harbin, Heilongjiang, China
Historical eras
Yongyuan (永元, 89–105), era name used by Emperor He of Han
Yongyuan (永元, 499–501), era name used by Xiao Baojuan, emperor of Southern Qi
Tirpitz Museum (), also called Blåvand Bunker Museum, is a museum in Blåvand, on the coast of Jutland. It is built in an old bunker from which it got its name, and features exhibitions on the Atlantic Wall, the west coast of Denmark, and an amber collection.
History
The Tirpitz Bunker started construction in 1944, and was built as part of the defense around the city of Esbjerg. Following the surrender of the German forces, construction was halted, and the bunker was therefore never completed. The bunker was designed to house 2 turrets with 2 38 cm SK C/34 naval guns each. After the war, the bunker was abandoned and later turned into a small museum.
In 2012, it was decided to expand and completely redesign the museum, with Bjarke Ingels Group being chosen as architect of the new museum. The new museum features open spaces and is built into the dunes. The permanent exhibitions were designed by Dutch experience design agency Tinker Imagineers.
On 29 June 2017, an opening ceremony was held, with the Crown Prince and Minister of Culture attending.
Exhibitions
The Museum features 4 exhibition areas, 3 of which are permanent exhibitions. Furthermore, it is possible to enter the old bunker and gun turret with a glass reconstruction of the artillery guns.
An Army of Concrete
Tells about Atlantic Wall and personal stories from the surrounding areas.
West Coast Stories
Tells the story of the 20,000 year old history of the Danish West Coast.
Gold of the Sea
Features the largest collection of amber in Denmark.
Non-permanent exhibition
The first non-permanent exhibition, is centered around mine clearance, and features props and sets from the movie Land of Mine.
See also
Atlantic Wall
References
Museums in Denmark
Bjarke Ingels buildings
History museums
Kriegsmarine
Coastal fortifications
World War II sites in Denmark
The pound was the currency of New Jersey until 1793. Initially, sterling coin and some foreign currencies circulated, supplemented from 1709 by local paper money. Although the notes were denominated in £sd, they were worth less than sterling. A proclamation of Queen Anne, issued in 1704 and legislated by parliament in 1707, standardized the value of all colonial currencies at 6 colonial shillings to a full weight Spanish dollar, which was in turn equivalent to 4s.6d. sterling. This made a colonial shilling equivalent to 9d sterling and a colonial pound equivalent to 2 troy oz 18 dwt 8 gr (1,400 grains / 90.7 grams) of silver. Currency issued at this rate was referred to as “Proclamation Money”.
The currency of colonial New Jersey consisted of bills of credit which circulated as legal tender. Each issue was inscribed with the weight of silver it was current for. The initial 1709 issue passed at the rate of 2½ ounces of silver per New Jersey pound, but issues after 1724 had inscriptions with specified the Proclamation Money rate. Although that made a Spanish milled dollar officially worth 6 New Jersey shillings, accounts from the 1750s indicate that Spanish Milled Dollars passed for 8/– in New York and adjacent parts of East New Jersey and for 7s.6d. in Pennsylvania and West New Jersey. This practice, and hence the value of New Jersey currency, remained stable up to the revolution and the reasons for its stability have been widely studied. Redemption theories attribute its stability to the fact that (a) each issue of currency had a fixed redemption date and (b) the colonial assembly consistently redeemed its currency at face value with taxes which were clearly feasible to collect. For issues of currency which New Jersey used to finance Queen Anne's War and the French and Indian War, taxes in equal amounts were voted on and approved with the issue of currency. Thus, the paper money provided “currency finance” for the war effort in anticipation of future tax income. In practice, theses issues were retired by citizens who used them to pay taxes. New Jersey made additional issues of currency to make loans to citizens for the purchase of land, which served as collateral for the loans and hence as backing for the bills. Here, the currency was retired by debtors using it to repay the loans. A competing theory attributes the stability of New Jersey's currency to its circulation alongside precious metal coins or their equivalents. The agreement of merchants to accept it at the rate of 7s.6d. for a Spanish Milled Dollar gave it “de facto convertibility” and hence stability.
The State of New Jersey issued Continental currency denominated in £sd and Spanish dollars, with $1 = 7/6. Copper coins were also issued in the mid-1780s, bearing the Latin name of the state, Nova Cæsarea. The continental currency was later replaced by the U.S. dollar at the rate of $1,000 continental = US$1.
References
External links
Stevens Institute of Technology's collection of NJ Currency relating to the University's founding lineage, Colonel John Stevens', role as treasurer of the State of New Jersey.
Historical currencies of the United States
1793 disestablishments in New Jersey
Economic history of New Jersey
Economy of New Jersey
Pre-statehood history of New Jersey
Coursetia is a large genus of flowering plants in the pea family, Fabaceae. Members of the genus, commonly known as babybonnets, are shrubs and small trees native to the Southwestern United States, Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America, and South America as far south as Brazil and Peru. The genus is named for French botanist Georges Louis Marie Dumont de Courset (1746–1824).
Selected species
References
External links
USDA PLANTS Profile
Robinieae
Fabaceae genera
The 5th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 5th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was organized at Columbus, Kentucky December 1861 to February 1862 and mustered in for a three-year enlistment at Gallatin, Tennessee, on March 31, 1862, under the command of Colonel David Rice Haggard.
The regiment was with the unattached cavalry, Army of the Ohio, to September 1862. 2nd Brigade, Cavalry Division, Army of the Ohio, to November 1862. 4th Division, Center, XIV Corps, Army of the Cumberland, to January 1863. 2nd Brigade, 1st Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Cumberland, to July 1863. (District Central Kentucky, Department of the Ohio, April to June 1863; 2nd Brigade, 4th Division, XXIII Corps, to July 1863; 4 companies) 3rd Brigade, 1st Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Cumberland, to January 1864. 3rd Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division, XVI Corps, Army of the Tennessee, to April 1864. 3rd Brigade, 3rd Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Cumberland, to October 1864. 3rd Brigade, 3rd Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division Mississippi, to November 1864. 1st Brigade, 3rd Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division Mississippi, to January 1865. 3rd Brigade, 3rd Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division Mississippi, to May 1865.
The 5th Kentucky Cavalry mustered out of service on May 3, 1865.
Detailed service
Duty at and near Columbia scouting and operating against guerrillas on border until February 1862. Gradyville, Kentucky, December 12, 1861. Moved to Gallatin, Tennessee, February 1862, and duty there and in Tennessee until September. Lebanon, Tennessee, May 5. Lamb's Ferry May 10. Expedition to Rodgersville, Alabama, 13-14. Lamb's Ferry May 14. Sweeden's Cove June 4. Chattanooga June 7. Raid on Louisville & Nashville Railroad August 12–21 (detachment). Hartsville Road near Gallatin August 21 (detachment). March to Louisville, Kentucky, in pursuit of Braxton Bragg, August 22-September 26. Glasgow, Kentucky, September 18. Pursuit of Bragg into Kentucky October 1–22. Burksville November 8. Kimbrough's Mills, Mill Creek, December 6. Operations against Cluke's forces in central Kentucky February 18-March 5, 1863. Duty at Franklin and in middle Tennessee until June. Near Nashville May 4. University Depot and Cowan July 4. Expedition to Huntsville July 13–22. Expedition to Athens, Alabama, August 2–8, Passage of Cumberland Mountains and Tennessee River and Chickamauga Campaign August 16-September 22. Reconnaissance from Alpine to Summerville and skirmish September 10. Battle of Chickamauga September 19–21. Operations against Wheeler and Roddy September 30-October 17. Smith's Expedition from Nashville to Corinth, Mississippi, December 28, 1863 to January 8, 1864. Smith's Expedition to Okolona, Mississippi, February 11–26. Okolona, Ivey's Hill, February 22. New Albany February 23. Atlanta Campaign May to September. Scout from Alpine to Summerville, May. Near Nickajack Gap May 7. Near Resaca May 13. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Adairsville May 17. Operations online of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church, and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 4. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. online of the Nickajack July 2–5. online of the Chattahoochie July 5–17. Summerville July 7. Sandtown and Fairburn August 15. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Kilpatrick's Raid around Atlanta July 18–22. Lovejoy's Station August 20. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Flint River Station August 30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. Camp Creek September 30. Sweetwater and Noyes Creek near Powder Springs October 1–3. Van Wert October 9–10. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Jonesboro November 15. Towallaga Bridge November 16. East Macon November 20. Griswoldsville November 22. Sylvan Grove and near Waynesboro November 27. Waynesboro November 27–28. Near Waynesboro November 28. Near Louisville November 30. Millen Grove and Louisville December 1. Rocky Creek Church December 2. Waynesboro December 4. Siege of Savanhah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April, 1865. Blackville, South Carolina, February 7. Near White Post February 8. Williston February 8. Johnson's Station, February 11. About Columbia February 15–17. Lancaster February 27. Phillips' Cross Roads, North Carolina, March 4. Rockingham March 7. Monroe's Cross Roads March 10. Averysboro, Taylor's Hole Creek, March 16. Battle of Bentonville March 19–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 8–13. Morrisville and occupation of Raleigh April 13. Chapel Hill April 15. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army.
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 213 men during service; 4 officers and 32 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 5 officers and 172 enlisted men died of disease.
Commanders
Colonel David Rice Haggard
Lieutenant Colonel William T. Hoblitzell
See also
List of Kentucky Civil War Units
Kentucky in the Civil War
References
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
Palmore, John S. Riding with Sherman: The Civil War Travels of the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, U.S.A. (Frankfort, KY: J. S. Palmore), 2000.
Attribution
Military units and formations established in 1861
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Kentucky
1861 establishments in Kentucky
Charles Frederick Courtney ( – c. 25 September 1941) was an English metallurgist, manager of the Sulphide Corporation, a mining and chemical manufacturing company in Australia.
History
Courtney was trained as a civil engineer in England, and was employed with the Fairbairn Engineering Co. (perhaps William Fairbairn & Sons)
He had also worked as engineer for the Manchester Corporation
He worked on the Tharsis Sulphur and Copper Company's works in Tharsis, Spain, for 14 years.
He was brought out from England to replace Randolph Adams as manager of Ashcroft's process at the Central Mine, Broken Hill, only recently taken over by the Sulphide Corporation. He arrived in Adelaide aboard Orizba in April 1897, and at Broken Hill in company with the Melbourne chairman J. S. Reid on 23 April. Adams had been at the Central Mine for 5 years under three different owners, and was returning to the US.
The new facility at Cockle Creek, near Newcastle, had just been brought into operation under Ashcroft's direction.
Ashcroft's process for reducing zinc ore by electrolysis was abandoned as uneconomical, and around the same time an unrelated process, magnetic separation, was introduced to improve ore yield. The company became a major producer of sulphuric acid and superphosphate.
Courtney became general manager for Australia of the Sulphide Corporation Ltd. in 1903, resident in Melbourne, with a home "Granlahan" on Toorak Road, South Yarra; James Hebbard was his successor. In September 1922 Courtney left Melbourne to take up the position of the corporation's managing director in England.
He resigned in 1940 due to ill-health and died the following year.
Inventor
Improved magnetic separator (with Robert Butterworth, also of Broken Hill) 1899
Author
Masonry Dams from Inception to Completion: Including Numerous Formulae, Forms of Specification and Tender, Pocket Diagram of Forces, Etc.; For the Use of Civil and Mining Engineers
The Extraction of Silver, Copper and Tin (Contributor) This book is available as a facsimile of the 1896 original, published by Kerby Jackson.
Family
Courtney married Marion Dorothy Tattersfield (15 July 1852 – 1 September 1932); their son Guy Courtney married Elsie May Poole on 24 June 1913.
References
1941 deaths
English mining engineers
Australian metallurgists
Australian mine managers
Australian mining engineers
History of Broken Hill
Morphine-N-oxide (genomorphine) is an active opioid metabolite of morphine. Morphine itself, in trials with rats, is 11–22 times more potent than morphine-N-oxide subcutaneously and 39–89 times more potent intraperitoneally. However, pretreatment with amiphenazole or tacrine increases the potency of morphine-N-oxide in relation to morphine (intraperitoneally more so than in subcutaneous administration). A possible explanation is that morphine-N-oxide is rapidly inactivated in the liver and impairment of inactivation processes or enzymes increases functionality.
Morphine-N-oxide can also form as a decomposition product of morphine outside the body and may show up in assays of opium and poppy straw concentrate. Codeine and the semi-synthetics such as heroin, dihydrocodeine, dihydromorphine, hydromorphone, and hydrocodone also have equivalent amine oxide derivatives.
Morphine-N-Oxide has a DEA ACSCN of 9307 and annual production quota of 655 grams in 2013. It is a Schedule I controlled substance in the US.
See also
Codeine-N-oxide
Morphine-6-glucuronide
Morphine-3-glucuronide
References
4,5-Epoxymorphinans
Opioid metabolites
Phenols
Mu-opioid receptor agonists
Amine oxides
Cheri Viswanath (9 August 1933 – 9 September 2014) was a South indian screenwriter, playwright, lyricist and journalist.
Biography
Many of his works were written under the pen name Cheri, which is derived from the name of his family Cheriyil in Kollam District in South India.
He started his career as a playwright and journalist and was associated with the famous theatre group in South India called Kalanilayam.
In a literary career spanning over 45 years, he had written 16 novels, 25 dramas and 19 radio plays and several lyrics for Malayalam movies.
His song for the movie Thaalappoly (1977) was the biggest hit of the year.
He had written screenplays for 20 feature films, directed by veteran filmmakers M.Krishnan Nair, Madhu, Crossbelt Mani and M.Mani.
Viswanath worked as the Chief Editor for the Malayalam Dailies Thaniniram and Yeenadu for 45 years.
He is the father of award-winning international filmmaker Biju Viswanath and Priya Prakash, Veena Player.
Major works
Plays
Screenplays
Radioplays
Ezhu Sundara Rathrikal 1979 (Seven Wonderful Nights)
Sasthram Prathikuttil 1980 (Science in the Accused Stand)
Porutham 1980 (Harmony)
Tharavadinte Manam 1981 (Family Honour)
Siksha 1981 (Punishment)
Punarvivaham 1983 (Remarriage)
Nandi Veendum Varilla 1986 (Thanks I Won't Come Again)
Doctor, Collector, Engineer 1986
Packup 1992
Kadhaprasangam
Neelasari (Blue Sari) 1969 (Kollam Babu)
Marble Sundari (Marble Beauty) 1971 (Kundara Soman)
Swayamvaram (Marriage) 1972 (Kundara Soman)
Punarjanmam (Rebirth) 1973(Kundara Soman)
Christ 1975 (Chenganoor Thankachan)
Neelavelicham (Blue Light) 1976 (Viswambharam)
Devatha (Goddess) 1977 (Chitaranjan Bhagavatar)
Novels
Avivahithayaya Bharya 1962 (Unmarried Wife)
Ladies Hostel 1963
Snehabandam 1965 (Love Affair)
Vivahasammanam 1966 (Wedding Gift)
Kamadhenu 1967 (Wish Cow)
Kanaljalam 1968 (Mirage)
Randam Madhuvidhu 1970 (Second Honey Moon)
Daivam Veetil Vannirunnu 1971 (God Came to House)
Neelasari 1972 (Blue Sari)
Melottu ozhukumma Puzha 1985 (The River That Flows Upwards)
References
External links
mathrubhumi daily
1933 births
2014 deaths
Writers from Kollam
Malayali people
Malayalam-language dramatists and playwrights
Journalists from Kerala
Malayalam screenwriters
Malayalam-language lyricists
Indian male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Indian dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Indian journalists
Screenwriters from Kerala
20th-century Indian male writers
-o may refer to:
the -o affix found in English and many other languages.
Macron (diacritic)
SMS Deutschland was a German ferry commissioned as a minelayer during World War I. The ship served primarily in the Baltic Sea, including during the Battle of the Gulf of Riga. The ship was launched on 17 February 1909 at the AG Vulcan shipyard in Stettin. Deutschland was conscripted into military service as a mine layer, on 4 August 1914. The ship returned to ferry service after the war, but was again drafted into the German navy and renamed Stralsund in 1940, for participation in the abortive invasion of England. The ship fell into Soviet hands following the end of World War II, was renamed Orion and subsequently Aniva (Анива). The ship was eventually retired and scrapped in the 1960s.
Service history
World War I
On 17 August 1914, Deutschland sailed to the entrance of the Gulf of Finland, under the escort of the light cruisers and and three destroyers. The German flotilla was met by the Russian armored cruisers and . As a result of the Russian naval presence, Deutschland had to lay her mines approximately 45 miles from the planned location. The Russian admiral was under the mistaken impression that the German armored cruisers and were on the scene as well, and so he did not attack the German ships.
On 6 December 1914, Deutschland laid mines in the Gulf of Bothnia, off the ports of Pori and Rauma. Three Swedish steamers, Everilda, Luna and Norra-Sverige were sunk outside Pori. The series of sinkings stopped all ship traffic between Sweden and Finland for several days On 24 May 1915, Deutschland and an escort of cruisers sailed into the Gulf of Finland, to lay mines southeast of the island of Utö.
Battle of the Gulf of Riga
In August 1915, several heavy units of the High Seas Fleet were transferred to the Baltic to participate in the foray into the Riga Gulf. The intention was to destroy the Russian naval forces in the area, including the pre-dreadnought . During the operation, Deustchland was to block the entrance to the Moon Sound with mines. The German forces, under the command of Vice Admiral Hipper, included the four and four s, the battlecruisers Moltke, Von der Tann, and Seydlitz, and a number of smaller craft.
On 8 August, the first attempt to clear the gulf was made; the old battleships and kept the Slava at bay while minesweepers cleared a path through the inner belt of mines. During this period, the rest of the German fleet remained in the Baltic and provided protection against other units of the Russian fleet. However, the approach of nightfall meant that Deutschland would be unable to mine the entrance to Moon Sound in time, and so the operation was broken off.
On 16 August, a second attempt was made to enter the gulf. The dreadnoughts and , four light cruisers, and 31 torpedo boats breached the defenses to the gulf. Nassau and Posen engaged in an artillery duel with Slava, resulting in three hits on the Russian ship that prompted her withdrawal. After three days, the Russian minefields had been cleared, and the flotilla entered the gulf on 19 August, but reports of Allied submarines in the area prompted a German withdrawal from the gulf the following day.
Footnotes
References
Minelayers of the Imperial German Navy
1909 ships
Ships built in Stettin
HMAS Ping Wo (not to be confused with HMAS Whang Pu) was a 3,105 tons former Indo-Chinese river steamer that was commissioned into the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War II. The Chinese name translates to "Equitable Harmony". It was one of a group of vessels known as the "China Fleet" acquired by the RAN in similar circumstances.
Operational history
Built in 1922 for the Indo-China Steam Navigation Company, the vessel was initially requisitioned for service with the Royal Navy (RN) in December 1941 as a water carrier.
After the fall of Singapore the vessel sailed to Batavia (now Jakarta) and with a mixed complement of RN and RAN reservists and civilian Chinese seamen, was engaged in the 62-day tow (at an average speed of three knots) of the disabled from the Javan port of Tanjung Priok to Fremantle, Western Australia and subsequently part of the way to Melbourne to Albany. This tow was the longest ever involving an RAN warship. Some of her crew had previously served on the British cargo liner , which had been sunk at Singapore in an air raid.
After this, Ping Wo was paid off by the RN on 19 May 1942 and then chartered and commissioned into the RAN on 22 May 1942. As HMAS Ping Wo, the vessel sailed to the east coast of Australia and was initially used as a tender at the joint Australian-United States amphibious training centre at HMAS Assault, Port Stephens. HMAS Ping Wo was later used as a stores ship and from January 1945 as a repair and works depot vessel in the New Guinea theatre of operations, winding up as the RAN administrative headquarters at Madang.
After the end of naval operations in New Guinea, HMAS Ping Wo was paid off and returned to her owners in Hong Kong on 24 June 1946.
Post-war career
In September 1947, the vessel was sold to Hoong On Steam Navigation Co Ltd, Shanghai and renamed The On. In 1949, The On came under control of the new government of the People's Republic of China.
See also
Allied Chinese Ships
References
1922 ships
Ships built in China
Auxiliary ships of the Royal Australian Navy
World War II auxiliary ships of Australia
Les Sept Paroles du Christ sur la Croix (The seven words of Christ on the Cross) is a musical setting of sayings of Jesus on the cross by César Franck, composed in 1859.
The work was never performed during Franck's lifetime and was only discovered in 1955, when the University of Liège acquired an autograph score from a private owner. The work's structure resembles Franck's Les Béatitudes, consisting of a prologue followed by individual movements setting sayings, or in this case sometimes single phrases, of Jesus.
Performances and recordings
Franck: Les Sept Paroles du Christ sur la Croix. Domine, non secundum. Orchestre du Domaine Musical, Choeur Henri Duparc, Jean-Paul Salanne. Musique en Wallonie - MEW0318
Franck: Les Sept Paroles du Christ sur la Croix. With Gounod Les sept paroles de N.S. Jesus-Christ sur la croix Ensemble Vocal de Lausanne, Michel Corboz. Mirare 2010
References
Compositions by César Franck
1859 compositions
Cantatas
Sheleverci is a village in Municipality of Prilep. It used to be part of the former municipality of Topolčani.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 21 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 21
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Villages in North Macedonia
Jeung San Do (), occasionally called Jeungsanism ( Jeungsangyo), meaning "The Dao/Tao of Jeung-san", although this term is better reserved for a larger family of movements, is a new religious movement founded in South Korea in 1974. It is one of more than 100 Korean religious movements that recognize Gang Il-sun (강일순) (Kang Jeungsan, or Chungsan), an early 20th century religious leader, as the incarnation and personification of Sangjenim (上帝任, the "governing spirit of the universe") and performed a "reordering of the universe" through his mission and rituals. The religion is characterised by a universal message, millenarianism, and a method of healing meditation.
History
A number of branches of Jeungsanism trace their origins to Goh Pan-Lye (Subu, literally "Head Lady," 1880-1935, although in Kang's circle there was more than one "Subu"), a female disciple of Kang Jeungsan. Around September 1911, Goh gathered around her a number of Kang's followers. Eventually, Goh's male cousin, Cha Gyeong-Seok (1880-1936), a leading disciple of Kang, became the leader of Goh's branch. Dissatisfied with this situation, Goh separated from Cha in 1919 and established her own new religion. In the 1920s, Cha's branch, known as Bocheon-gyo, became the largest Korean new religious movement and possibly the largest religion in Korea, with some 6 million followers. It declined rapidly after Cha's death in 1936, and fragmented into several competing groups, as did Goh's organization. Jeung San Do is the largest among the branches claiming a lineage originating from Goh. It was founded by Ahn Un-san (born in 1922), who established his first religious organization in 1945. After further divisions, Ahn founded Jeung San Do in 1974 together with his son, Ahn Gyeong-jeon (b. 1954). Jeung San Do believes that, as Kang was God the Father, Goh, revered with the title of Tae-mo-nim, was God the mother and between 1926 and 1935 performed her own reordering of the universe. Jeung San Do is the movement within Jeungsanism with the most visible presence abroad, although it is not the largest branch in Korea.
The central text of Jeungsanism, the Dojeon, was first published in Korean in 1992. The name "Dojeon" is used by other branches of Jeungsanism for their own, different sacred texts. Jeung San Do's version contains detailed description of Jeungsan Sangjenim's and Taemonim's ("Great Mother") lives and of Cheonjigongsa, the "Renewal of Heaven and Earth". The Jeungsanist theory stresses the concept of Tao, the way of nature.
Jeungsanism is often understood as having stemmed from Korean Sinism and Chinese millenarian Taoism, and is defined as one of the Korean indigenous religions.
Etymology
Jeung San Do means "the Way [dao/do/Tao, 道] of the Jeung(甑)[siru] San(山)[mountain]". The word "jeung" is siru in Korean, which is Korean food streamer vessel for cooking Korean rice cakes, Tteok(떡). It signifies a vast vessel by metaphor that can contain everything in the world. To conclude, "jeung" (甑) denotes the process of rising, maturation, fruition or growth.
"Jeung san" is also a traditional Korean descriptive term for the highest mountain in a region or "steamer mountain". "Do" (道) denotes Tao, the way. Considered as a whole, therefore, the name "Jeung San Do" signifies the highest truth that surpasses all existing religions and teachings.
Teachings
Sangjenim means "Highest Emperor", and is cognate of the Chinese Shangdi. It is the governing spirit of the universe, and Jeung San Do believe he was incarnated as Gang Il-sun., although God for Jeung San Do also exists as God the mother, incarnated on earth as Goh Pan-Lye.
Jeung San Do teaches that, at the age of seven, Sangjenim attained a sudden spiritual awakening while watching a performance of traditional music and dance. When he was twenty-four, he witnessed the tumultuous events of the Donghak (Eastern Learning) Uprising in which an ill-equipped but determined army of farmers fought the troops of both the Korean government and the Japanese. This insurrection sparked a war between China and Japan fought on the Korean peninsula and ended with the crushing defeat of the farmers and Japan's annexation of the country. After observing the death and misery brought on by these events, Jeung San Sangjenim resolved to save the world from suffering.
He traveled for three years to observe human behavior and the shape, qi, and spirit of the land. In 1901, after a period of intensive meditation he attained perfect enlightenment into the affairs of Heaven, Earth, and humanity. About this he said:
In that year, Sangjenim began a spiritual work that cannot be easily explained or understood. It was called the work of renewing Heaven and Earth (天地公事). For 9 years, he conducted works of renewal in the form of rituals, proclamations, and conversations with humans and spirits and utilized the qi of various places and people. He established a federation of gods called the Creative Government, composed of regional gods, the founding spirits of family lines, gods that founded and advanced civilizations, enlightened spirits, spirits with unresolved bitterness and grief, and the spirits of revolutionaries. With this assembly of spirits, he intended to correct the wrongs of the past and chart a new course for the future. His work of renewing Heaven and Earth shifted the course of Heaven, Earth, and humanity and planted the seeds for a new enlightened and harmonious world of humans and gods.
According to his followers, Sangjenim differed from other prophets in that he not only spoke about the future but, through his spiritual work, actually transformed it. One way of understanding this is the Butterfly Effect in Edward Lorenz's Chaos Theory. According to that theory, a butterfly flapping its wings in America could cause or prevent a tornado in Indonesia. This of course illustrates the improbability of predicting any event in a highly complex system due to the difficulty of knowing all variables. But, what if someone were enlightened to the point of omnipotence? What if someone did know all the variables? Such a person could not only predict the future, but with the rippling effect of seemingly small actions could actually change the future.
About the method he used in the work of renewal, Sangjenim said:
Cosmic year
According to Jeun Sang Do, Gang Il-sun revealed to humanity that the universe embodies a four-fold cycle. A "cosmic year" contains four cosmic seasons corresponding to birth, growth, harvest, and rest.
Views on Korean history
According to Jeung San Do, the History of Korea is that of a chessboard used by America, China, Russia, and Japan. While the Empire of Japan completed the annexation of Korea in 1910, they were merely pawns or workmen (ilkkun) of Sangjenim; racial brothers who saved Korea from domination by the Western great powers. The Japanese, according to this narrative, provided the "service" (pongsa) of modernizing Korea as penance for the Japanese invasions of Korea (1592–1598). Accordingly, resistance against Japan was ill-advised, and Chinilpa collaborationist organizations such as Iljinhoe should not be condemned. Koreans merely had to "wait patiently", as Jeung San Do taught, for the guests to vacate the board in order to assume ownership of the Korean Peninsula.
Vocabulary
Sangjenim 上帝
Taemonim 太母
Gaebyeok 開闢
Taeeul ju 太乙呪
Unsibanbon (returning to the origin) 原始反本
Haewun (resolution of bitterness and grief) 解怨
Sangsaeng (mutual life-giving) 相生
Boeun (offering gratitude and repayment) 報恩
Dojeon 道典
Dojang (temple) - Dao center 道場
Cosmic year - Shao Yung (AD 1011-1077) 宇宙一年
Euitong (to heal and to unite)
Cheonjigongsa (renewal of Heaven and Earth) 天地公事
Nam Sa-go
Hwacheonjeol(化天節):The death day of Gang Il-sun.
See also
Sinism
Taoism
Gang Il-sun
Bocheon-gyo
Daesun Jinrihoe
References
Sources
Jeung San Do Dojeon Publication Society, The Jeung San Do Dojeon
Jeung San Do Dojeon Publication Society, The Cosmic Autumn Approaches: Select Passages From the Dojeon: "The Holy Scriptures of Dao"
Jeung San Do Dojeon Publication Society, The illustrated dojeon: An Abridged Introduction to the Jeung San Do Dojeon, 2009
Ahn Gyung-jun, Autumn Calling, 2001
Readings in JeungSanDo homepage: Dao Talk I, Dao Talk II
Introduction of Jeung San Do Dojeon.
Further reading
Hong Beom Rhee, Asian Millenarianism: An Interdisciplinary Study of the Taiping and Tonghak Rebellions in a Global Context, Cambria Press, 2007
Lee Chi-ran. Chief Director, Haedong Younghan Academy. The Emergence of National Religions in Korea.
External links
Jeung San Do - English homepage
Jeung San Do - Korean homepage
The Dojeon - English
New religious movements
Jean de Villiers was the twenty-second Grand Master of the Knights Hospitaller, serving from 1285 until 1293. He was elected Grand Master after the death of Nicolas Lorgne. De Villiers was Prior of France beginning in 1282 and he remained in France to deal with existing problems of the Order. Jacques de Taxi became Grand Master ad interim, perhaps through 27 June 1286, while awaiting the arrival of the newly elected Grand Master in the Holy Land. De Villiers was present at the Siege of Acre in 1291, but escaped just before the city fell to the Mamluks. He was succeeded by Odon de Pins.
Biography
Jean de Villiers appeared for the first time on 6 July 1269 when he went to the Holy Land at the request of Grand Master Hugues de Revel. He was made Commander of Tripoli on 4 April 1277, and then Prior of France in 1282. He was elected Grand Master in the summer of 1285. He remained in France to deal with the many problems of the Order. On 21 August 1286 he was in Puymoisson in Provence to try to mobilize help for the Christian cause, but these efforts were mostly futile. He sold some of his possessions to the Order of Malta, some to the abbey of Marmoutier, and stayed in France to obtain financing. He was successful in this endeavor he went to the Holy Land with important subsidies.
It was Jacques de Taxi, who was Grand Commander at Acre, who then became Lieutenant of the Order ad interim, perhaps on 27 June 1286, while awaiting the arrival of the Grand Master.
Grand Master of the Order
De Villiers arrived in the East in the fall of 1286. On 28 October 1288, he presided over a general chapter in Acre.
On 17 March 1289 the Christians had to face the siege of Tripoli. All the Christian forces were mobilized, the Constable Amaury de Lusignan, the contingent of the King of France under the orders of Jean de Grailly, the Templars under the orders of Geoffrey de Vendac, the Hospitallers under the orders of Marshal Matthieu de Clermont and Venetian and Genoese galleys or Pisan ships. The destruction of the old tower of the Bishop and the new tower of the Hospitallers sealed the fall of the city on 26 April 1289. Amaury de Lusignan, Jean de Grailly, Geoffrey de Vendac and Matthieu de Clermont managed to escape by sea. The chronicles of the time are discreet about the role of de Villiers. The strongholds of Nephin, owned by the Hospitallers, and Batroun fell into the hands of the Mamluks. Only in the Holy Land remained Acre, Haïfa, Sidon, Tyre and Beirut. The death of al-Mansur Qalawun left a respite for the Christians, but his son al-Ashraf Khalil had sworn to his father to take Acre.
The loss of Acre
The forces facing the Mamluks at the Siege of Acre in 1291 were divided into four components. The first under the orders of Jean de Grailly and Otto de Grandson. The second under the orders of Henry II of Cyprus and Konrad von Feuchtwangen, the lieutenant of the Teutonic Knights. The third under the orders of de Villiers and the grand master of the Order of St. Thomas of Acre. Finally, the fourth was under the orders of the grand masters of the Templars and St. Lazarus, Guillaume de Beaujeu and Thomas de Sainville. The troops of al-Ashraf Khalil regrouped under the walls of Acre on 5 April 1291 and went on the attack on 12 April. The besieged tried several sorties without success, even the arrival of reinforcements sent by the king of Cyprus on 4 May, were without effect. During the assault of 16 May, a breach was opened near the Saint-Antoine gate, but the Templars and the Hospitallers, led by Matthieu de Clermont, succeeded in repelling the Mamelukes. During this respite, women and children embarked, but the boats could not sail due to the state of the sea. On May 18, the enemy resumed its assaults, at the Porte Saint-Antoine, Matthieu de Clermont succeeded in repelling them but he was caught in the back by other troops who had crossed the wall. The Grand Masters of the Temple and the Hospital, with Syrian and Cypriot knights, tried to stop them. The Grand Master Guillaume de Beaujeu was wounded under the armpit and died shortly afterwards, Jean de Villiers was also wounded but saved by the valets d'armes and was taken away from the enemy on a boat with seven Hospitaller knights, the only survivors, Matthieu de Clermont died near the Rue des Génois. The Pisans at the Porte Saint-Romain, the knights of Saint-Thomas near the church of Saint-Léonard, Jean de Grailly and Othon de Grandson at the Porte Saint-Nicolas and at the Legate Tower gave up, the Mamelukes were masters of the city, the women and children were reduced to slavery, and all the men were put to the sword. His rescue must have caused a stir in the Order, and the letter of justification that he addressed to Guillaume de Villaret, prior of Saint-Gilles and future grand master, was not unrelated to this.
In Cyprus
Taking refuge in Limassol at the castle of Kolossi, Jean de Villiers was occupied by the holding of a general chapter on 6 October 1292. He wanted to put the Hospitallers in a position to reconquer the Holy Land. He still enjoyed a persistent popularity by reforming the mode of election of the Grand Master. Postulants were still numerous and recruitments were subject to the approval of the Grand Master except in the land of Reconquista. He prepared for the defense of the kingdom of Cyprus and the protection of the kingdom of Armenia, both of which were threatened by the Mamluks. Entangled in Cypriot politics, de Villaret formed a plan to acquire a new temporal domain, the island of Rhodes, then part of the Byzantine Empire.
The death of Jean de Villiers occurred in the weeks following the organization of a second General Chapter on 30 October 1293. He was succeeded by Odon de Pins.
See also
Cartulaire général de l'Ordre des Hospitaliers
List of Knights Hospitaller sites
Langue (Knights Hospitaller)
Flags of the Knights Hospitaller
References
Bibliography
External links
Jean de Villiers. French Wikipedia.
Liste des grands maîtres de l'ordre de Saint-Jean de Jérusalem. French Wikipedia.
Eugène Harot, Essai d'armorial des Grands-Maîtres de l'Ordre de Saint Jean de Jérusalem.
Seals of the Grand Masters. Museum of the Order of St John.
Charles Moeller, Hospitallers of St. John of Jerusalem. Catholic Encyclopedia (1910). 7. New York: Robert Appleton Company.
Knights of the Order of the Hospital of St John of Jerusalem, Encyclopædia Britannica. 24. (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. pp. 12–19.
1293 deaths
Knights Hospitaller
Grand Masters of the Knights Hospitaller
13th-century French people
Year of birth unknown
Maximum brake torque (MBT) is the use of optimal ignition timing to take advantage of an internal combustion engine's maximum power and efficiency.
There is always an optimal spark timing for all operating conditions of an engine. MBT is ideal at wide-open throttle (WOT), but not desirable when the engine is at idle. Although MBT is desired at WOT, it is wise to retard timing slightly to prevent knocking that may occur and to create a small safety margin. It is possible to calculate the MBT of an engine by taking into account all of the operating conditions of an engine through its sensors. Operating conditions are defined by these engine parameters: lambda (air/fuel ratio), engine load, internal exhaust gas recirculation, engine speed, and spark advance.
References
An Investigation of Maximum Brake Torque Timing based on Ionization Current Feedback
Engine Management Advanced Tuning. by Greg Banish and CarTech Books. 2007
External links
An essay by Janek Magnusson
Engine technology
Khujan (, also Romanized as Khūjān; also known as Kharjān and Khūrjān) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 593, in 146 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The men's 100 kg competition in judo at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro was held on 11 August at the Carioca Arena 2.
The gold and silver medals were determined by a single-elimination tournament, with the winner of the final taking gold and the loser receiving silver. Judo events awarded two bronze medals. Quarterfinal losers competed in a repechage match for the right to face a semifinal loser for a bronze medal (that is, the judokas defeated in quarterfinals A and B competed against each other, with the winner of that match facing the semifinal loser from the other half of the bracket).
The medals for the competition were presented by Alex Gilady, Israel, member of the International Olympic Committee and the gifts were presented by Rovnag Adullayev, Azerbaijan Judo Federation president.
Results
Finals
Repechages
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
References
External links
M100
Judo at the Summer Olympics Men's Half Heavyweight
Men's events at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Marysin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rejowiec, south-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Kyle Thomas (born 23 June 1983) is a Canadian screenwriter, director, producer, and actor. His first feature film, The Valley Below, premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in 2014. It garnered two Canadian Screen Award nominations in the categories of Best Supporting Actor for Kris Demeanor and Best Original Song for Dan Mangan's "Wants". The film received largely positive reviews from the Canadian media, including The Globe and Mail and the National Post, who called the film a "superb first feature".
Early life and education
Thomas was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, and raised in Calgary, Alberta. He began making films with the Calgary Society of Independent Filmmakers in his teenage years before attending Concordia University's Mel Hoppenheim School of Cinema in Montreal in the early 2000s. After completing his BFA, he returned to Calgary to establish the North Country Cinema media arts collective in 2005.
Career
Directing and producing
Thomas is a founding member of North Country Cinema, along with filmmakers Alexander Carson and Nicholas Martin, whom he met at the Mel Hoppenheim School of Cinema at Concordia University in Montreal, Quebec. Through North Country Cinema, Thomas has focused on producing director-driven film and video content, and has created award-winning works that have screened at major international festivals, including the Toronto International Film Festival and SXSW. Thomas' recent films have portrayed neo-realist narratives concerned with intimate, personal stories depicting life in rural Alberta. Following the announcement that his first feature film The Valley Below would be funded by Telefilm Canada, he was declared one of "10 Canadians to Watch at Cannes" in 2013.
Acting work
Thomas plays the role of Danny in North Country Cinema's second feature film O, Brazen Age written and directed by Alexander Carson. The film premiered at the Vancouver International Film Festival in 2015.
Filmography
2007: Last Chance Saloon
2008: Ghost Town
2009: Liminal State of Decay
2011: Not Far from the Abattoir
2012: The Post
2014: The Valley Below
2021: Range Roads
References
External links
North Country Cinema official website
1983 births
Living people
21st-century Canadian male actors
Concordia University alumni
Male actors from Calgary
Male actors from Vancouver
Canadian male screenwriters
Canadian film producers
Film directors from Calgary
Film directors from Vancouver
Writers from Calgary
Writers from Vancouver
The Ultimate Fighter: Tournament of Champions (also known as The Ultimate Fighter 24 and Team Benavidez vs. Team Cejudo) is an installment of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC)-produced reality television series The Ultimate Fighter.
On May 11, 2016 the UFC announced that the 16 competitors for the season would be made up of flyweight fighters from various locations who are champions in their respective organizations around the world, with the winner being expected to have a chance to fight for the UFC Flyweight Championship. The cast was announced on July 20.
The coaches for the season were former flyweight title challengers Joseph Benavidez and Henry Cejudo.
Cast
Teams
Team Benavidez
Joseph Benavidez, Head Coach
Robert Drysdale
Danny Castillo
Eddie Barraco
Robert Follis
Team Cejudo:
Henry Cejudo, Head Coach
Eric Albarracin
Víctor Dávila
Kirian Fitzgibbons
Gastón Bolaños
Fighters
Team Benavidez
Tim Elliott, Brandon Moreno, Damacio Page, Eric Shelton, Ronaldo Candido, Matt Rizzo, Hiromasa Ougikubo and Terrence Mitchell.
Team Cejudo
Charlie Alaniz, Alexandre Pantoja, Adam Antolin, Yoni Sherbatov, Jamie Alvarez, Matt Schnell, Nkazimulo Zulu and Kai Kara-France.
Episodes
Episode 1: The Tournament Begins (August 31, 2016)
The fighters arrive in Las Vegas and some of them are introduced via confessionals. All of the contestants are currently champions in their organizations.
UFC President Dana White and coaches Joseph Benavidez and Henry Cejudo arrive at the gym. They welcome the fighters, but before further procedures are taken, UFC Flyweight Champion Demetrious Johnson is called by White. He delivers a message to the group stating that he hopes they learn a lot and he looks forward to defending his belt on the finale.
Johnson leaves and White explains what's going to happen: The fighters will split up for evaluation into various drills with Benavidez, Cejudo and their individual coaching staffs judging skills before team selections.
White kicked off the tournament by flipping a coin (blue for Benavidez, yellow for Cejudo) to determine which team will pick the first fighter. Team Benavidez wins the coin toss and White reveals the fighters have been seeded by the UFC for the tournament (which was unknown to the coaches). As a coach makes a pick, the corresponding fighter based on seed will go to the other coach (e.g., if the #1 seeded fighter is picked by a coach, the #16 seeded fighter will go to the other coach).
The eight coaches' picks (and corresponding seed sent to the other team as well as the organizations they are champions):
Tim Elliott (Titan Fighting Championships) – Ranked #3 (Team Benavidez – first pick)
Charlie Alaniz (Hex Fight Series – Australia) – Ranked #14 (Team Cejudo)
Alexandre Pantoja (Resurrection Fighting Alliance) – Ranked #1 (Team Cejudo – second pick)
Brandon Moreno (World Fighting Federation) – Ranked #16 (Team Benavidez)
Damacio Page (Legacy Fighting Championship) – Ranked #4 (Team Benavidez – third pick)
Adam Antolin (Tachi Palace Fights) – Ranked #13 (Team Cejudo)
Yoni Sherbatov (Xcessive Force Fighting Championship – Canada) – Ranked #2 (Team Cejudo – fourth pick)
Eric Shelton (Caged Aggression MMA)– Ranked #15 (Team Benavidez)
Ronaldo Candido (Shooto – South America) – Ranked #7 (Team Benavidez – fifth pick)
Jamie Alvarez (Absolute Fighting Championship) – Ranked #10 (Team Cejudo)
Matt Schnell (Legacy Fighting Championship – interim) – Ranked #6 (Team Cejudo – sixth pick)
Matt Rizzo (Ring of Combat)– Ranked #11 (Team Benavidez)
Hiromasa Ogikubo (Shooto – Japan) – Ranked #5 (Team Benavidez – seventh pick)
Nkazimulo Zulu (Extreme Fighting Championship – South Africa) – Ranked #12 (Team Cejudo)
Kai Kara-France (Bragging Rights Fight Series – Australia) – Ranked #9 (Team Cejudo – eight picks)
Terrence Mitchell (Alaska Fighting Championship) – Ranked #8 (Team Benavidez)
The fighters leave the gym and head back to the "TUF" house for the first time. The language and cultural barrier between the athletes is evident from the outset, but everyone is willing to endure the situation as they focus on the end prize.
At the first Team Benavidez training session, coach Benavidez makes it clear to his fighters he's not looking to change anyone's fighting style or approach to the sport. He simply wants to maximize the training environment for the athletes so they are at their best. Many of the fighters embrace him and believe he will be the superior coach with the superior team. Meanwhile, Team Cejudo follows with its first training session, and unsurprisingly the team led by the 2008 Olympic gold medalist starts with wrestling drills. Some fighters express disappointment they didn't end up on Team Benavidez, but by the end of practice are generally pleased with where they ended up.
Back at the house, upcoming opponents Pantoja and Moreno end up on the balcony together and are interacting. Although one is from Brazil and the other is from Mexico, they find a way to communicate due to similar languages and discover their backgrounds have many common traits.
As the fighters finalize their preparation, Cejudo is already struggling with a coaching compromise. Moreno is one of his teammates and close friends from Arizona, and therefore he does not feel comfortable coaching Pantoja against him in the fight. He wishes Pantoja the best of luck but informs him that he will be removing himself from corner duties.
Alexandre Pantoja defeated Brandon Moreno via submission (rear-naked choke) in the second round.
The focus immediately shifts to the next bout, where #8 Mitchell will face off against #9 Kara-France. Both fighters finalize their preparation, trying to shore up any holes in their game that could be exposed in the upcoming contest. Cejudo expresses some concern about Kara-France, who he believes has some confidence issues going into his matchup.
Kai Kara-France defeated Terrence Mitchell via KO (punch) in the first round.
The next fight is announced: #5 Hiromasa Ogikubo vs. #12 Nkazimulo Zulu.
Episode 2: Language of Combat (September 7, 2016)
Hiromasa Ogikubo defeated Nkazimulo Zulu via submission (rear-naked choke) in the second round.
The next fight is announced: #4 Damacio Page vs. #13 Adam Antolin.
Episode 3: Look Through Your Soul (September 14, 2016)
Adam Antolin defeated Damacio Page via TKO (body kick and punches) in the second round.
The next fight is announced: #2 Yoni Sherbatov vs. #15 Eric Shelton.
Episode 4: Young and Hungry (September 21, 2016)
Wanting their fighters to learn from their mistakes, Coaches Benavidez and Cejudo both hold a film session by showing their teams footage of their losses to current UFC flyweight champion Demetrious Johnson.
Eric Shelton defeated Yoni Sherbatov via technical submission (rear-naked choke) in the second round.
The next fight is announced: #7 Ronaldo Candido vs. #10 Jamie Alvarez.
Episode 5: Nothing Stops Us (September 28, 2016)
As a reward for their hard work, Dana White lets the fighters watch UFC 200 at the TUF house.
UFC Heavyweight contender Travis Browne stops by the house to show off Harley-Davidson's custom motorcycles. He also informs them, "In honor of the 24th season of TUF, the winner and somebody that inspires them is going to get a brand new 2017 Harley-Davidson and sign them up for the riding academy."
Ronaldo Candido defeated Jamie Alvarez via Submission (rear-naked choke) in the first round.
The next fight is announced: #6 Matt Schnell vs. #11 Matt Rizzo.
Episode 6: Let It Loose (October 5, 2016)
Coach Benavidez wants his team to take a break from training and getting away from the TUF house and rewards them with a day paddle boarding on Lake Las Vegas.
Matt Schnell defeated Matt Rizzo via submission (triangle choke) in the second round.
The next fight is announced: #3 Tim Elliott vs. #14 Charlie Alaniz.
Episode 7: Animal Instincts (October 12, 2016)
After the fighters relax in the hot tub and start drinking at the TUF house, Jamie Alvarez and Matt Rizzo get into a heated argument over their fight performances.
Emotions are high during Team Cejudo's training session when Charlie Alaniz starts smack talking about how he's going to "knock out" Kai Kara-France, his training partner. An annoyed Kai then brings it up after practice to the coaches.
This season's coaches challenge takes them to Top Golf driving range. Each coach must hit 20 golf balls in ring-shaped targets, trying to get the ball as close they can to the center target in order to score the most points. The farther away the target, the higher the score. And the highest score is a hole in one at the center of the farthest target. The first coach to earn 100 points wins a trophy and $10,000 ($1,500 per fighter) for their team. After 19 rounds, Benavidez wins the challenge with a score of 144 to 28.
Tim Elliott defeated Charlie Alaniz by submission (bulldog choke) in the first round.
The fights for the next round are announced:
#1 Alexandre Pantoja vs. #9 Kai Kara-France.
#5 Hiromasa Ogikubo vs. #13 Adam Antolin.
#7 Ronaldo Candido vs. #15 Eric Shelton.
#3 Tim Elliott vs. #6 Matt Schnell.
Episode 8: Round Two (November 2, 2016)
The coaches reward the fighters for their hard work by throwing them a pool party at the TUF house.
Joe Benavidez invites former UFC fighter Duane Ludwig to help train not only his team but Henry Cejudo's team as well. There's just one condition; Cejudo cannot be there during the training session, much to the dislike of Cejudo's assistant coach Kirian Fitzgobbins who is Ludwig's friend.
Alexandre Pantoja defeated Kai Kara-France via unanimous decision after two rounds.
The next fight is #5 Hiromasa Ogikubo vs. #13 Adam Antolin.
Episode 9: What Are You Fighting For? (November 9, 2016)
The coaches visit the TUF house to throw the fighters a "grill-out".
Things get heated after a night of drinking, especially between Eric Shelton and Tim Elliott when they disagree on what they are fighting for.
Hiromasa Ogikubo defeated Adam Antolin via unanimous decision after two rounds.
The next fights are announced:
#7 Ronaldo Candido vs. #15 Eric Shelton.
#3 Tim Elliott vs. #6 Matt Schnell.
Episode 10: All On The Line (November 16, 2016)
Coach Benavidez brings in former Bantamweight champion and teammate TJ Dillashaw to provide an unbiased coaching approach for the upcoming bout between teammates.
Eric Shelton defeated Ronaldo Candido via unanimous decision after two rounds.
Tim Elliott defeated Matt Schnell via submission (front naked choke) in the first round.
The fights for the next round are announced:
#1 Alexandre Pantoja vs. #5 Hiromasa Ogikubo.
#15 Eric Shelton vs. #3 Tim Elliott.
Episode 11: About To Clash (November 23, 2016)
The first semifinal fight immediately takes place.
Hiromasa Ogikubo defeated Alexandre Pantoja via unanimous decision after two rounds.
With Ogikubo's win no members of Team Cejudo remain in the competition.
Tim Elliott defeated Eric Shelton via majority decision after two rounds.
Coach Benavidez and many others believed the fight should have gone to a third round.
The final fight of the competition is announced with the winner receiving a title shot at Demetrious Johnson:
#5 Hiromasa Ogikubo vs 3# Tim Elliott.
Episode 12: Last Champion Standing (November 30, 2016)
Elliott and Ogikubo are allowed to make calls to their families as reward for making it to the final round of the tournament.
Team Benavidez has a final dinner together discussing their time together before the final fight is underway.
Tim Elliott defeated Hiromasa Ogikubo via unanimous decision after two rounds.
Tim Elliott wins the tournament and earns the title shot at Demetrious Johnson.
Tournament bracket
The Ultimate Fighter 24 Finale
The Ultimate Fighter: Tournament of Champions Finale (also known as The Ultimate Fighter 24 Finale) was a mixed martial arts event promoted by the Ultimate Fighting Championship held on December 3, 2016, at Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Background
The event was headlined by a UFC Flyweight Championship bout between former UFC and ONE champion Demetrious Johnson and Tim Elliott, the winner of the flyweight tournament from The Ultimate Fighter 24. The TUF winner also received a Harley-Davidson motorcycle of his choosing and a six-figure UFC contract.
Also, a flyweight bout between season coaches and former title challengers Joseph Benavidez and Henry Cejudo served as the co-main event.
Jake Collier was expected to face Josh Stansbury at the event. However, Collier pulled out of the fight in late October citing injury and was replaced by Devin Clark.
The Ultimate Fighter: Latin America bantamweight winner Alejandro Pérez was scheduled to face Rob Font at the event, but pulled out on November 24. He was replaced by promotional newcomer and this Ultimate Fighter season's contestant Matt Schnell.
Results
Bonus awards
The following fighters were awarded $50,000 bonuses:
Fight of the Night: Jared Cannonier vs. Ion Cuțelaba
Performance of the Night: Sara McMann and Anthony Smith
Reported payout
The following is the reported payout to the fighters as reported to the Nevada State Athletic Commission. It does not include sponsor money and also does not include the UFC's traditional "fight night" bonuses.
Demetrious Johnson: $350,000 (no win bonus) def. Tim Elliott: $100,000
Joseph Benavidez: $140,000 (includes $70,000 win bonus) def. Henry Cejudo: $50,000
Jorge Masvidal: $120,000 (includes $60,000 win bonus) def. Jake Ellenberger: $78,000
Jared Cannonier: $24,000 (includes $12,000 win bonus) def. Ion Cuțelaba: $12,000
Sara McMann: $56,000 (includes $28,000 win bonus) def. Alexis Davis: $27,000
Brandon Moreno: $24,000 (includes $12,000 win bonus) def. Ryan Benoit: $15,000
Ryan Hall: $34,000 (includes $17,000 win bonus) def. Gray Maynard: $51,000
Rob Font: $33,000 (includes $16,500 win bonus) def. Matt Schnell: $10,000
Dong Hyun Kim: $20,000 (includes $10,000 win bonus) def. Brendan O'Reilly: $10,000
Jamie Moyle: $20,000 (includes $10,000 win bonus) def. Kailin Curran: $20,000
Anthony Smith: $30,000 (includes $15,000 win bonus) def. Elvis Mutapcic: $16,000
Devin Clark: $20,000 (includes $10,000 win bonus) def. Josh Stansbury: $12,000
See also
List of UFC events
2016 in UFC
References
2016 American television series debuts
2016 in mixed martial arts
2010s American reality television series
The Ultimate Fighter episodes
Jasienica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Vicente Bacallar y Sanna, 1st Marquess of San Felipe, later italianized into Vincenzo Bacallar Sanna (Cagliari – Sardinia, island now belonging to Italy), 6 February 1669 – The Hague (Netherlands), 11 June 1726). He was a Sardinian nobleman, military officer, linguist, historian, politician and ambassador of the Spanish Empire. He was born to a noble Sardinian family when the kingdom of Sardinia was part of the Spanish crown.
Biography
He belonged to a noble Sardinian family originating from Valencia. When he was young, he probably fled to Spain, where he got an attentive military and policy education. He was appointed by Charles II of Spain governor of the Cape of Cagliari and Gallura and military governor of Sardinia. During the war of the Spanish succession, when Sardinian aristocracy divided between Philip of Anjou (of the house of Bourbon) and Charles of Habsburg, Bacallar was loyal to the heir designated by Carles II, Philip of Anjou, who became king as Philip V. Due to his loyalty, the king awarded him as Marquess of San Felipe (Marqués de San Felipe, in Spanish; not a feudal title, but given in homage to the king's patron saint) and Viscount of Fuentehermosa (Fuente Hermosa de Miranda, fief in the kingdom of Navarre) in 1709.
When the kingdom of Sardinia surrendered to Archduke Charles, he had to fly to Spain, without giving up the hope to re-conquer Sardinia. The treaty of Utrecht (1714), where he had been part of the Spanish delegation, decided for Sardinia to be part of the Austrian crown. Aftermath he was appointed as an envoy plenipotentiary at the republic of Genoa, from where he supported the attempt by cardinal Alberoni to re-conquer Sardinia to the Spanish crown. The island was actually conquered in 1717, but had to be left in 1720 (War of the Quadruple Alliance) and was acquired by the Dukes of Savoy.
Meanwhile, Vicente Bacallar dedicated to a strong intellectual activity: in 1713 he founded – with other intellectuals – the Real Academia Española, where he holds the seat N and cooperated to its first dictionary, that would be published in 1726. He wrote the short poem Las Tobias (The Tobies, 1709), the poem El Palacio de Momo (Momo's Palace, 1714), the treaty Monarchia Hebrea (The Hebrew Monarchy, 1719) and historical works, such as Description geographique, historique et politique du royaume de Sardaigne (Geographical, historical and political description of the Kingdom of Sardinia).
About the war of the Spanish succession he wrote Commentarios de la guerra de España y historia de su Rey Phelipe V el Animoso desde el principio de su regnado hasta la paz general del año 1725 (Commentaries of the war of Spain and history of its king Philip V the Brave since the beginning of his kingdom to the general peace of the year 1725, 1726). In this work, asked by his monarch, the Marquis intended to inform about the facts happened in and outside Spain during the war objectively. His objectiveness is proved by the respect used with regard to both parties. Doubtless, the work was not appreciated by the power and the first edition – published in Genoa – was retired from the market.
In 1724 he was appointed as ambassador in the Netherlands, with the aim of convincing them to remain neutral, where he died two years after due to a stroke. He left a library of sixteen-thousands volumes.
References
Bibliography
Giuseppe Manno, Storia di Sardegna, Alliana e Paravia, Turin, 1825–1827, vol. III, pp. 497–501
Pasquale Tola, Dizionario biografico degli uomini illustri di Sardegna, Chirio e Mina, Turin, 1837–38, vol. I, pp. 109–114
Eduardo Toda y Güell, Bibliografía española de Cerdeña, Huérfanos, Madrid, 1890, pp. 204–205, nn. 585-587
Carlos Seco Serrano, El reinado de Felipe V en los Comentarios del marqués de San Felipe (estudio preliminar), Atlas, Madrid, 1957, pp. V–LXXIX
Joaquín Arce, España en Cerdeña : aportación cultural y testimonios de su influjo, Consejo superior de investigaciones científicas, Instituto Jeronimo Zurita, Madrid, 1960, p. 305
Marisa Cocco–Angioy, Vicente Bacallar: la poesía del diplomático sardo-ispanico del secolo XVIII, Pisano, Cagliari, 1983
Alessandra Pasolini, Un coleccionista sardo en la Europa del siglo XVIII: el marqués Vicente Bacallar Sanna, plenipotenciario y embajador de Felipe V en Holanda", Artegraf, Madrid, 2008 (extracto de "Boletin de la real academia de la historia", tomo 205, cuaderno 2, pp. 251–282)
Sabine Enders, "Il regno di Sardegna, il duca di Baviera e Vincenzo Bacallar Sanna. Storia di un libro" , in Vincenzo Bacallar Sanna (Sabine Enders editor), La Sardegna paraninfa della pace e un piano segreto per la sovranità 1712-1714, Stuttgart, Masala, 2011, pp. 11–73
External links
Biography of the Marquess of Saint Philip in the Catalogo storico ragionato degli scrittori sardi del Settecento (Historical and discussed catalogue of Sardinian writers of the 17th century)
Various news in Genealogie – Alberi genealogici – Albero genealogico della famiglia Bacallar, in Genealogie – Alberi genealogici – Albero genealogico della famiglia Amat, in La nobiltà in Sardegna – Acquisizione e consolidamento del patrimonio feudale attraverso logiche familiari: gli Amat and the catalogue of his library in Documenti – Inventari/altri documenti – La biblioteca di Vincenzo Bacallar''
Vincenzo Bacallar Sanna, La Sardegna paraninfa della pace e un piano segreto per la sovranità 1712–1714. A cura di Sabine Enders, Stoccarda 2011, Giovanni Masala Verlag, trad. dal francese e dal tedesco di Cesarina De Montis e Giovanni Masala. Giovanni Masala Dessì
Note
This article is mainly the translation of the one in the Spanish version.
1669 births
1726 deaths
History of Sardinia
Kingdom of Sardinia
People from Cagliari
Spanish politicians
Spanish monarchists
17th-century Spanish writers
17th-century Spanish people
18th-century Spanish people
Members of the Royal Spanish Academy
Ambassadors of Spain to the Netherlands
Mark Moiseevich Stolberg (1922 in Rostov-on-Don – 16 May 1942 in Novorossiysk) was a Russian chess master.
Stolberg won the Rostov-on-Don City championship in 1938. The next year he took second in a Soviet master candidates tournament. In 1940, Stolberg shared first with Eduard Gerstenfeld in Kiev (the 12th USSR-ch semi-final), and tied for 13-16th in Moscow (the 12th USSR Chess Championship won jointly by Andor Lilienthal and Igor Bondarevsky). In June 1941, Stolberg was in fourth place in Rostov-on-Don (the 13th USSR-ch semi-final), when the German attack on the Soviet Union interrupted the event.
Stolberg entered the Soviet Army at the end of 1940, and disappeared on 16 May 1942 in the battle of Malaya Zemlya (lit. "Minor Land"), a part of Novorossiysk on Russia's Black Sea coast against German troops.
His Brother Vladimir Stolberg also served in the Soviet army, fortunately he made it back.
References
1922 births
1942 deaths
Sportspeople from Rostov-on-Don
Russian Jews
Russian chess players
Jewish chess players
20th-century chess players
Soviet chess players
Soviet military personnel killed in World War II
Missing in action of World War II
In tennis, a golden set is a set which is won without losing a single point. This means scoring the 24 minimum points required to win the set 6–0, without conceding any points.
In professional tennis, this has occurred twice in the main draw of top-level events. It has also happened a number of times in the pre-tournament qualifier of the lowest-level events. Bill Scanlon had a golden second set in his win over Marcos Hocevar at the 1983 Delray Beach WCT event. Yaroslava Shvedova had a golden first set in her win over Sara Errani at the 2012 Wimbledon Championships.
A golden match is when a player does not lose a single point in the entire match. There are four documented cases of this at low-level events. Hazel Wightman first did so in a 1910 amateur match in the state of Washington. Then it happened twice in France in the qualifiers of lowest-level professional events, two of them in the span of two months, both against the same 55-year-old man, Tomas Fabian.
List of occurrences
Main draws of top-level professional events are in boldface.
References
Tennis terminology
Tennis records and statistics
Perfect scores in sports
Razakeh (; also known as Razageh) is a village in Chelav Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County in Mazandaran Province, of Iran. The 2006 census, indicated its population as 1,511, with 375 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The 63rd Scripps National Spelling Bee was held in Washington, D.C. at the Capital Hilton on May 30–31, 1990, sponsored by the E.W. Scripps Company.
The winner was 13-year-old Amy Marie Dimak of Seattle, Washington, correctly spelling "fibranne". Dimak reported that she knew all 11 words she faced, and did not make any guesses. Second place went to 13-year-old Eric Enders of El Paso, Texas, who missed "douanier", spelling it as "doinier".
There were 226 spellers this year, 127 girls and 99 boys. The youngest competitor was 9 year old Erika Harrell from Muncie, Indiana. Eight spellers dropped out in round one, 33 dropped in round two, and 30 were eliminated in round three. 155 spellers survived into day two.
Spellers' others activities included a visit to Gunston Hall on Monday of Bee Week, and visits to Washington monuments and Arlington National Cemetery on Tuesday. Competition began at 8:30am on Wednesday.
The first place prize was $5,000 (and other non-cash prizes), a sizable increase over $1,500 from the prior year. Second place received $4,000; third received $2,500 and fourth got $1,000. Total cash prizes to all spellers were $26,550.
References
External links
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1990 in Washington, D.C.
1990 in education
May 1990 events in the United States
Turkołówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 36.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Buddleja brachiata is endemic to southern Brazil from Goiás to São Paulo, where it grows on disturbed areas along rivers. The species was first described and named by Chamisso & von Schlechtendal in 1827.
Description
Buddleja brachiata is a small, scandent dioecious shrub with light-brown finely striated bark. The branches are subquadrangular, the youngest growth tomentulose. The leaves are subsessile, ovate, 6–12 cm long by 3–6 cm wide, glabrous and tomentulose below. The white inflorescence is 10–20 cm long, comprising two orders of leafy-bracted branches. The sessile flowers are borne in pairs of capitate cymules, each 0.5–0.7 cm in diameter, and comprising 3–9 flowers. The corolla is campanulate, 2–3 mm long.
The inflorescences of the species suggest a close relationship with B.hieronymi, B. interrupta, and B. iresinoides found in the Andes; its occurrence in Brazil probably owing to the much drier conditions prevalent in the Amazon region during the Pleistocene period.
Cultivation
The shrub is not known to be in cultivation.
References
brachiata
Endemic flora of Brazil
Flora of Atlantic Forest (biome)
Taxa named by Adelbert von Chamisso
Dioecious plants
Richard Eliason (born 8 April 1988) is an Australian swimmer. He was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in swimming. He has an intellectual disability and was among the first intellectually disabled athletes to compete in the Paralympics after the 2000 Summer Paralympics intellectual disability controversy. While he did not receive a medal at the Games, he placed 5th in the final. He is a recipient of the Service to Australian Swim Team award.
Personal
Eliason was born on 8 April 1988 with an intellectual disability and is from Flynn, Australian Capital Territory. In December 2011 during his preparation for the national selection trials for the 2012 Summer Paralympics, Eliason was injured in a motorbike accident, breaking his spine in five places, preventing him from training for two months. Some of his Games preparation took place at the Canberra International Sports & Aquatic Centre. Given his motorbike accident, his coaches advised him to take the bus from place to place and to avoid using his bike until after the Paralympics.
Swimming
Eliason is an SB14 classified swimmer, and is coached by Cameron Gledhill at his club venue Canberra International Sports & Aquatic Centre. , he had a swimming scholarship with the Australian Capital Territory Academy of Sport. He started competitive swimming in 2001. At the Brisbane hosted 2006 Australian national titles, he placed in the top three in the 400 metres freestyle multi-disability event. In March 2012, he competed in the Adelaide hosted national selection trials, where he won the men's 100 metres breaststroke with a time of 1:10.07.
Eliason made his national team debut at the 2005 INAS-FID Global Games, where he won a silver medal in the 200 metre breaststroke event. He won a pair of gold medals, four silver medals and a bronze medal 2007 INAS-FID Global Games. He competed in the Global Games again in 2009, where he earned a pair of gold and silver medals, and three bronze medals. He was a member of the Australian team competing at the Dutch hosted 2011 IPC World Swimming Championships. in 2012 he posted the fastest time in the world in his classification in the 100 meters butterfly.
Paralympics
In July 2012, Eliason was formally selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the men's 100 metres breaststroke event in the intellectual disability classification, which had been excluded since the 2000 Summer Paralympics intellectual disability controversy. He placed 5th in the final. He did not gain a medal at the 2012 Games.
Personal bests
Awards
In 2017, Eliason was awarded the Service to Australian Swim Team award.
References
Male Paralympic swimmers of Australia
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
1988 births
Living people
S14-classified Paralympic swimmers
Australian male medley swimmers
Australian male breaststroke swimmers
20th-century Australian people
21st-century Australian people
Kiyomi Niwata (, born 10 December 1970 in Ushiku, Ibaraki Prefecture) is a professional triathlete from Japan, triple Olympian (Sydney, Athens, Beijing), multiple-time National Champion (2004, 2005, 2006), and an Asian Aquathlon Champion and Oceanian Triathlon Champion of the year 2009.
Kiyomi Niwata and Anja Dittmer are the only triathletes who took part in all three Olympic triathlons. In Sydney and in Athens, Niwata placed 14th, in Beijing, 9th.
She is coached by Col Stewart.
ITU Competitions
In the 14 years from 1997 to 2010, Kiyomi Niwata took part in 99 ITU competitions and achieved 39 top ten positions.
In 2010, as a veteran at the age of 39 years, she still belongs to the world elite, takes part in the Dextro Energy World Championship Series together with Ai Ueda, and she won, for instance, the gold medal at the World Cup in Ishigaki.
The following list is based upon the official ITU Profile Page. Unless indicated otherwise, all competitions are triathlons (Olympic Distance) and belong to the Elite category.
BG = the sponsor British Gas · DNF = did not finish · DNS = did not start
External links
Niwata's Webpage in Japanese
Notes
1970 births
Living people
Japanese female triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Japan
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Colin Gordon Graham (7 June 1929 – 26 March 2020) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played five first-class matches for Otago between 1954 and 1956.
Graham was born at Dunedin and educated at Otago Boys' High School, as was his older brother Archibald Graham. He worked as a teacher. Graham died on 26 March 2020.
References
1929 births
2020 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Dunedin
Viktor Pavlovich Nogin (; 14 February 1878 – 22 May 1924) was a Bolshevik revolutionary, Soviet politician and statesman in Moscow, holding many high positions in the party and in government, including Chairman of the Moscow Military-Revolutionary Committee and Chairman of the Presidium of the Executive Committee of Moscow Council of Workers' Deputies. He was a member of first Council of People's Commissars, i.e., the first Soviet Government, and People's Commissar for Commerce and Industry.
Biography
Viktor Nogin, born in Moscow, Russia, was the son of a clerk. He left school at 14, and worked in a textile factory in St Petersburg.
In 1898 he joined the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party (RSDLP). He was arrested that same year and exiled to Poltava. In 1900, he emigrated. He returned to Russia, having agreed to act as a distributor of Iskra, the newspaper founded abroad by Vladimir Lenin and Julius Martov. When the RSDLP split into factions in 1903, Nogin joined the Bolsheviks. In 1907, he was a delegate to the RSDLP congress in London, where he was elected to the Central Committee. During his years as a revolutionary, operating illegally in Russia, he was arrested eight times, and escaped six times.
Within the Bolshevik faction, Nogin was a 'conciliator' who wanted to reunite the RSDLP. In January 1910, he was one of the organisers of a three week conference in Paris, called by the Central Committee. As part of the preparations, he travelled to Baku, hoping to enlist Joseph Stalin, then known as 'Koba' but failed to make contact with him. At the conference, Lenin was repeatedly outvoted, as the delegates decided in favour of reuniting the Bolsheviks and Mensheviks. According to Nadezhda Krupskaya, Lenin's widow, Nogin wanted to "unite everybody", including those who wanted to abandon illegal activity, but when he returned to Russia to try to put this into effect, he was rebuffed by the Bolsheviks there. He was arrested in April 1911, for the last time, and spent five years in prison.
By 1917 Nogin was one of the leaders of the Moscow branch of Bolsheviks. In April, he was chaired the party conference convened while Lenin was still absent abroad, and when a lone delegate raised the possibility of a second, Bolshevik revolution, Nogin ruled him out of order. The conference elected him to the Central Committee.
After Lenin had returned and was calling for a second revolution, Nogin was one of the leading Bolsheviks who argued against him. At the Sixth party Congress, in August, he warned: "Is it possible, comrades, that our country has made such a leap in two months that it is already prepared for socialism? Where are our allies? So far, we have only the platonic sympathy of the Western European proletariat ... We will find active support only in the “rotten” Soviets" Despite being in what soon became the minority, he was re-elected to the Central Committee in August, with the fifth highest vote (behind Lenin, Grigory Zinoviev, Lev Kamenev and Leon Trotsky. He was a member of the Provisional Committee during the struggle against General Lavr Kornilov's failed coup in Petrograd. He was a member of the Executive Committee of Moscow Soviet of People's Deputies. As Chairman of the Moscow Military-Revolutionary Committee, Nogin tried to lead a peaceful and bloodless transfer of power to the Bolsheviks, hoping to avoid more bloodshed in Moscow. Before a session of the RSDLP Central Committee on 1 November 1917 he joined in advocating the creation of a coalition government involving all of the socialist parties, claiming that a Bolshevik-only government could only be sustained through terror.
Nogin was appointed People's Commissar for Commerce and Industry after the October Revolution but resigned on 17 November, along with Kamenev, Zinoviev, Rykov, Milyutin and others, - after he had presented a declaration repudiating "the preservation of power of a purely Bolshevik government by means of terror."
Nogin formally admitted his mistakes on 12 December (29 November Old Style) 1917, but at Lenin's insistence, his request to be re-admitted to the Central Committee was not granted until January 1918, when he was appointed Commissar for Labour for the Moscow Region. In March, he was permanently dropped from the Central Committee. In April he was appointed Deputy People's Commissar for Labour. He enjoyed great authority in foreign trade and industry circles. He accompanied Leonid Krasin to London for the negotiations over the Anglo-Soviet Trade Agreement.
In 1923, Nogin was appointed head of the Soviet textile trust. Unable to purchase raw cotton from the United States, Nogin travelled to New York in August 1923, and negotiated a deal Anderson, Clayton & Co, one of the USA's largest cotton exporters, which was the first trade deal between a US company and the communist regime. While there, he helped the Coolidge administration communicate with Moscow using the code of the Soviet government, in an attempt to establish friendly relations between the two countries. He died soon after he had returned to Moscow.
Viktor Nogin is buried in Mass Grave No. 6 of the Kremlin Wall Necropolis in Red Square, Moscow.
Family
He married Olga Pavlovna Ermakova, (1885–1977) with whom he had two children. His brother in law, Viktor Radus Zenkovich, was Chairmen of the Council of People's Commissars, Kyrgyz Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic from 12 October 1920 to 1921.
Personality
Arthur Ransome described Nogin as "an extremely capable, energetic Russian, so capable, indeed, that I found it hard to believe he could really be a Russian."
Positions held
Some of the Bolshevik party and government positions held by Viktor Nogin are listed below:
Executive Committee of the Moscow Soviet of Workers' Deputies (before 1917)
Central Committee member at the Sixth Congress of the RSDLP (July – August 1917)
People's Commissar for Trade and Industry in the first cabinet of the Council of People's Commissars at the Second All-Russia Congress of Soviets
Chairman of the Moscow Soviet of Workers' Deputies, succeeding Menshevik L.M. Khinchuk, who resigned (5 September 1917)
Head of Moscow as Chairman of the Presidium of the Executive Committee of the Moscow Soviet of Workers' Deputies (19 September 1917 – 13 November 1917)
Labor commissar of the Moscow Region and a deputy to the Constituent Assembly (17 November 1917)
Deputy People's Commissar of Labor of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (April 1918)
Legacy
The town of Bogorodsk was renamed Noginsk in his honor in 1930. In 1934, the USSR Post Office produced a 15 Kopeck stamp honoring Viktor Nogin. A station in the Moscow Metro is Kitay-Gorod, originally called Ploshchad Nogina, after a square in central Moscow that once carried the name of Viktor Nogin (now Slavyanskaya Square). Streets named after Nogin still exist in St.Petersburg, Nizhniy Novgorod, Volgograd, Novosibirsk, Pavlovskiy Posad, Samara and Serpukhov.
See also
Rabocheye Znamya
References
1878 births
1924 deaths
Chairpersons of the Executive Committee of Mossovet
Old Bolsheviks
Burials at the Kremlin Wall Necropolis
People's commissars and ministers of the Soviet Union
Politicians from Moscow
Russian Social Democratic Labour Party members
Russian Constituent Assembly members
Ross Creek Aerodrome is located just east of Ross Creek, next to Shuswap Lake, British Columbia, Canada.
References
Registered aerodromes in British Columbia
USS Escambia (AO-80) was the lead ship of her subclass of the Suamico class of fleet oilers acquired by the United States Navy for use during World War II. She had the dangerous, but necessary task of providing fuel to vessels in combat and non-combat areas primarily in the Pacific Ocean. For her valiant efforts, she received five battle stars during the war.
Escambia, a type T2-SE-A2 hull, was launched on 25 April 1943 by Marinship Corp., Sausalito, California, sponsored by Mrs. Joseph Cooper, and commissioned on 28 October 1943.
World War II Pacific Theatre operations
After a December 1943 voyage from the U.S. West Coast to Pearl Harbor with oil cargo, Escambia departed San Francisco, California, on 21 January 1944 for Majuro, arriving on 9 February. For the next month she fueled ships at Roi Namur and Majuro as the Marshall Islands were assaulted. From 15 March to 30 August, she sailed out of Espiritu Santo, fueling the fast carrier task force in their raids on the Palaus and during the Hollandia operation.
Supporting the invasion of the Philippines
Escambia arrived at Manus on 14 September 1944, and sailed out of this port to rendezvous at sea to fuel the carriers as they launched the air strikes preliminary to the assault on the Philippines. She sailed on to Ulithi on 25 October, and at this vast fleet anchorage, fueled the carrier task forces as they continued their operations in the Philippines. After a voyage to Eniwetok to reload oil, she sailed from Ulithi on 11 December for a west coast overhaul.
The oiler returned to Ulithi on 18 April 1945, and for the remainder of the war used this as her base as she fueled the carrier task forces supporting the Okinawa invasion, and raiding and bombarding the Japanese home islands. Escambia paid calls to Okinawa and Wakayama Wan to fuel ships at anchor there until leaving Tokyo astern, homeward bound, on 4 November 1945.
She was decommissioned on 20 February 1946, struck from the Navy List, and transferred to the Maritime Commission for disposal in June.
Transferred to the MSTS
Reacquired by the Navy on 26 January 1948, she performed no further commissioned service, but was transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service on 18 July 1950 to serve as USNS Escambia (T-AO-80) with a civilian crew. Placed out of service (date unknown), she was struck from the Navy List for a second time in 1957.
Transferred to the U.S. Army
She was acquired by the United States Army in May 1966 and converted to a Mobile Army Emergency Power Plant assigned to Vietnam service.
Final decommissioning
She was transferred to the Vietnam Government and scrapped by them in August 1971.
Awards
Escambia received five battle stars for World War II service.
References
External links
Escambia-class oilers
Type T2-SE-A2 tankers of the United States Navy
Ships built in Sausalito, California
1943 ships
World War II tankers of the United States
Couvelaire uterus (also known as uteroplacental apoplexy) is a life-threatening condition in which loosening of the placenta (abruptio placentae) causes bleeding that penetrates into the uterine myometrium forcing its way into the peritoneal cavity. This condition makes the uterus very tense and rigid.
Symptoms and signs
Patients can have pain secondary to uterine contractions, uterine tetany or localized uterine tenderness. Signs can also be due to abruptio placentae including uterine hypertonus, fetal distress, fetal death, and rarely, hypovolemic shock (shock secondary to severe blood loss). The uterus may adopt a bluish/purplish, mottled appearance due to extravasation of blood into uterine muscle.
Pathophysiology
Couvelaire uterus is a phenomenon where the retroplacental blood may penetrate through the thickness of the wall of the uterus into the peritoneal cavity. This may occur after abruptio placentae. The hemorrhage that gets into the decidua basalis ultimately splits the decidua, and the haematoma may remain within the decidua or may extravasate into the myometrium (the muscular wall of the uterus). The myometrium becomes weakened and may rupture due to the increase in intrauterine pressure associated with uterine contractions. This may lead to a life-threatening obstetric emergency requiring urgent delivery of the fetus.
Prevention
The occurrence of Couvelaire uterus can be prevented by prevention of abruptio placentae. This includes proper management of hypertensive states of pregnancy; treatment of maternal diseases like diabetes mellitus, and other collagen disease complicating pregnancy; prevention of trauma during pregnancy; mothers should also avoid smoking or consumption of alcohol during pregnancy.
Treatment
The uterus should be evacuated and contractions should be stimulated using intravenous oxytocin; hysterectomy (the removal of the uterus) may be needed in some cases.
Prognosis
The foetus may be compromised if there is prolonged delivery because of the non-contractile uterus; severe bleeding may cause hypovolemic shock in the mother.
References
External links
Pathology of pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium
Magomed Hozhakhmedovich Daudov (, nicknamed Lord, born 26 February 1980) is a military and political figure of the Chechen Republic. He was put as the First Deputy Chairman of the Chechen Republic government from 2010 until 2012, manager of administration of the Head and Government of the Chechen Republic from 2011 until 2015, and was assigned as the Chairman of the Parliament in 2016.
Daudov participated in both the First and Second Chechen Wars. During the latter, he switched sides to the side of the Russian government. He worked in the security service of Akhmad Kadyrov (2002-2004), commanded a police force battalion of the Ministry of Internal Affairs (2004-2005), was Chief of Staff for Republican OMON (2006-2007), and Chief of the Shalinsky District Department of Internal Affairs (2007-2010).
Journalists have called Daudov the second-most influential person in the Chechen Republic after Kadyrov and often carries out "special orders" of the Head of the Chechen Republic. He is a police colonel and a member of the Presidium of the regional political council for the party United Russia. He was awarded the Order of Courage twice (2005, 2006), the Order of Kadyrov (2006), the rank of "Honorary Citizen of the Chechen Republic" (2007) and Hero of the Russian Federation (2007).
Early life
Daudov was born on 26 February 1980 in the village Shpakovskoe, Stavropolsky Region to Hozhakhmed Abdulvakhabovich Daudov and Makka Uvaysovna Daudova. His father was from the village of Geldagan in Kurchaloyevsky District. Daudov was the family's first child. His brother Sheykhmagomed was born in 1981 and his sister Milana was born in 1985.
Education
In 1997 he left Secondary School № 1 in the village of Geldagan. Class teacher H.M. Abdurzakova recollects: "Magomed was intellectually inquisitive and gifted for his years as a boy. Despite his young age, he was very persistent and dedicated." From 1997 to 1999, he studied at the Gudermes Pedagogical Training School.
Participation in the military conflict
At the beginning of the First Chechen War, Daudov was 14. As with many other young Chechens, he was involved in armed conflicts with Russian troops. In an interview in 2010, Daudov stated his point of view about the reasons why Chechens were forced to participate in the war. One reason he called ”tough cleaning of federal troops” — the Russian military saw the potential enemy in any young local resident. Some sources report that until 2002 he was in the ranks of illegal armed formations while, others claim that in 2000 he joined the forces of the Russian Federation and served there until 2002.
According to official sources, at the beginning of the Second Chechen War Daudov sided with the Kadyrov-led government forces.
Daudov recollects "when Akhmad-Hadji announced the amnesty, I hid at my aunt's. There was no blood on me and I came out of the wood at once, as did thousands of other guys. After a conversation with R.A. Kadyrov, I was amnestied."
During one of his speeches, Kadyrov spoke of Daudov as a positive example of an improved fighter. In 2002-2004, Daudov served as commander of a platoon in Kadyrov's security service.
Military career
In June 2004, Daudov began to serve as commander of Troop Regiment № 2 of a special purpose unit at the Ministry of Internal Affairs. In February 2005, he became the commander of a battalion of the security guard and patrol service of police for the Department of Internal Affairs across the Shalinsky district. In November 2006, he became a special investigative agent in the fight against kidnapping and human trafficking. Daudov organized special operations against groups of separatists and bands.
On 13 February 2006 he was involved in a special operation in Urus-Martan, where he killed the "emir of the village of Avtur," D. Abdurzakov. When Abdurzakov responded to the offer ”hand over” with automatic fire, Daudov reportedly broke into a house and killed the fighter. In September, 2006 he supervised and headed another special operation — the liquidation of the Muskiyev brothers. One brother, Isa, was considered to be a leader of armed separatist groups acting in the Argun, Shalinsky and Kurchaloyevsky districts.
In December 2006, Daudov was appointed deputy commander and chief of OMON staff of the Ministry of Internal Affairs. He personally participated in many fighting actions. Under his leadership OMON eliminated 46 notable criminals, blocked out 84 people and seized firearms, improvised explosive devices, electric detonators, artillery shells and mortar mines.
In April 2007, Daudov became the acting chief of the District Department of Internal Affairs (ROVD) in Shalinsky district and in September he officially became the chief. On 21 March 2007, Daudov organized liquidation of the brigade general in Gudermes, who commanded the Northeast front of Chechen Republic of Ichkeria.
Daudov killed the vice-premiere, S.E. Elmurzayev, who was responsible for the 9 May 2004 explosion in Grozny that killed Kadyrov, Chairman of the State Council of the Chechen Republic H. Isaev and four others. Daudov received operational information about Elmurzayev's location and organized an operation to eliminate him. On 4 April 2007, Elmurzayev was ambushed and killed by security officers in the village of Agishbatoy.
On 19 March 2009, Daudov was injured during a raid in Samashkinsky Street, Oktyabrsky District, Grozny.
On 3 August 2009, an attempt was made on Daudov's life. As his car left the village of Avtura, and an explosive detonated on the road. He was injured, but survived.
Political activity
Daudov is an active government participant. Journalists call Daudov the "second person" in the Chechen Republic.
First Deputy Chairman
On 10 March 2010, the Parliament of the Chechen Republic unanimously approved Daudov as First Deputy Chairman. In this position, he led commissions for issues in the republic including an interdepartmental commission on issues of Records and Registration of citizens in 2010. In November 2010, he led the reconstruction and development of Argun. In December 2011, Daudov led the special commission for organization of celebration of Ashura.
In 2011, Daudov graduated from the Federal State Educational Institution of Higher Professional Education MVD Administration Academy of Russia with a specialization in Jurisprudence.
First Assistant
In December 2011, Daudov's position was changed to "The first Assistant of the Chairman of Government of the Chechen Republic — the Manager of Administration of the Head and the Government of the Chechen Republic", and on 21 May 2012 to "The Manager of Administration of the Head and the Government of the Chechen Republic". On 26 April 2012, Daudov became a member of the United Russia Party and a member of the Presidium of the Regional political Council of the Party. Later in 2012 he led the republican interdepartmental commission for control of observance of land legislation. In 2014, United Russia recognized his work as the best among Russian subjects.
Chairman of the Parliament
On 3 July 2015, after the death of D. B. Abdurakhmano, the Speaker of the Parliament, Daudov was presented by the regional department of United Russia as a candidate for Chairman of the Parliament of the Chechen Republic of the III Convention. He was elected by secret vote. On 4 October 2016, he was elected Chairman of the Parliament of the Chechen Republic of the IV convention.
Under his leadership Parliament adopted laws concerning elections of the Head of the Chechen Republic, Development of a Small and Medium Entrepreneurship, Education, social service, mortgage housing lending, public order and others. In October 2016 he implemented a ban on the selling of alcoholic drinks in the republic.
Daudov is a member of the Council of Legislators of the Russian Federation at the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation.
Non-parliamentary activity
In 2016, Daudov supervised construction of the settlement Gush-Kert in Shatoysky District, which was destroyed by landslides. Since September, 2016, he has directed the republican operational headquarters seeking to decrease the vehicle crash and death rates.
Socio-political views
In 2010, Daudov was interviewed by TV reporter Pavel Sheremet. He said, "All of us are citizens of Russia and we want to live in a strong and peaceful state… We stand for the law, for strong and United Russia. Now we have more order and it is more peaceful in Chechnya than in many other Russian regions".
In 2015, various articles discussed comments of Daudov concerning the legalization of polygamy. Daudov had stated his opinion with reference to a scandal concerning N. Guchigov's and H. L. Goylabiyeva wedding, which he attended. Daudov said that polygamy is practiced so it would be a good idea to settle such cases, preferably on the basis of Sharia, but emphasized that he would not take initiative to legalize polygamy.
Criticisms
According to investigations by Novaya Gazeta and human rights organization Human Rights Watch, as a person in the inner circle of Kadyrov, Daudov often carries out his "special instructions".
In 2014, according to a Novaya Gazeta investigation, Daudov participated in the torture and beating of detained president of Assembly of the Caucasian people, R. Kutayev.
In 2015, Novaya Gazeta reported that Chechen authorities were concerned about "true news" about the republic, claiming that bloggers writing about Chechnya in a manner viewed as "incorrect" by the authorities were illegally pressured and forced to apologise. Daudov was mentioned in this context.
On 16 and 17 January 2016, Daudov made posts on his Instagram account that contained insults and veiled threats against members of the Russian opposition, including journalists and right activists (Alexei Venediktov, I.A. Kalyapin, K.E. Merzlikin, A.A. Navalny, L.A. Ponomaryov, M.B. Khodorkovsky, V.I. Shenderovich and I.V. Yashin. Editor-in-chief of Echo of Moscow A.A. Venediktov said: "Magomed Daudov's statements addressing to opposition - is a serious threat and inadequate reaction to inconvenient issues of murder of Boris Nemtsov and a question to investigation and Chechen authorities".
In a 12 October 2016 Instagram post, Daudov again made veiled insults against I.A. Kalyapin, chairman of interregional public organization Committee Against Torture. Gregory Shvedov, editor-in-chief of Online newspaper Caucasian Knot submitted an application to the Investigative Committee of Russia, trying to bring Daudov's publication under corpus delicti under article 144, part 3 of the Criminal Code of Russia. The Investigative Committee of Russia investigated but chose not to open a criminal case against Daudov.
Press articles covered Daudov's conflict with the acting Chairman of the Supreme Court of Chechnya T.A. Murdalov.
According to some journalists, on 6 October 2016, Daudov came to the Supreme Court of Chechnya accompanied by security, entered the office of acting Chairman T. A. Murdalov and began to beat him, demanding that he write the resignation letter for health reasons. Murdalov refused.
According to media and human rights activists, Daudov participated in the prosecution of homosexuals in Chechnya and "played the key role in cleaning of the republic from gays, which was approved by republican management". Journalists provided evidence that Daudov personally went to secret prisons in Argun and Grozny and managed the transfer of detained gays to relatives.
Personal life
In 2001, Daudov married a fellow villager from Geldagen and former classmate, Aset Movlayevna. They have ten children, six boys and four girls.
In the Chechen Republic, Daudov has the nickname "Lord". This was given by Kadyrov after Daudov came to their first meeting in a black suit and white shirt, which Kadryov said made him look like an English lord.
Daudov plays football. On 11 May 2011 he played for the team "Caucasus" in a match against the national team "Stars of World Football" for the ceremony opening of Akhmat-Arena in Grozny. On October 7, 2015 he played for "Leader-63" in a friendly match against the national team legends of the Italian football, devoted to birthday of Russian President V.V. Putin. In 2004, Daudov became the vice-president of republican football club FC Akhmat Grozny, and in 2011 he became its president.
Daudov is an active user of social networks and often uses his Instagram and VKontakte accounts to spread information about political, public, sports and religious events.
Daudov is a follower of sheikh Kunta-hadzhi Kishiyev, professing hajjs-myuridizm (kadiriysky tariqa of Sufi, Islam). Daudov made a hajj to Mecca with Ramzan Kadyrov, entering the Kaaba several times. He collects sacred relics of the prophet Muhammad.
Awards and honors
Daudov received multiple decorations of the Russian Federation and the Chechen Republic.
Hero of the Russian Federation, 25 July 2007, for courage and heroism in the line of duty as captain of police
Gold Star Medal of Hero of Russia. Multiple sources claim that he received this medal for elimination of Deputy Prime Minister S.E. Elmurzayev.
State decoration
Departmental and commemorative medals
Badge of achievement
Awards of foreign countries
Street and school
On 13 October 2007, by order of the head of administration of the village Geldagan, Titov Street was renamed into the Street of Hero of Russia M.H. Daudov. In March, 2008 by Chechen Republic Presidential decree the secondary high school No. 1 of the village Geldagan, where Daudov studied, was named in his honor.
References
1980 births
Living people
Child soldiers
Heroes of the Russian Federation
Recipients of the Medal of Zhukov
Recipients of the Order of Courage
Russian jurists
Russian Muslims
Russian Islamists
Prephenic acid, commonly also known by its anionic form prephenate, is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of the aromatic amino acids phenylalanine and tyrosine, as well as of a large number of secondary metabolites of the shikimate pathway.
It is biosynthesized by a [3,3]-sigmatropic Claisen rearrangement of chorismate.
Stereochemistry
Prephenic acid is an example of achiral (optically inactive) molecule which has two pseudoasymmetric atoms (i.e. stereogenic but not chirotopic centers), the C1 and the C4 cyclohexadiene ring atoms. It has been shown that of the two possible diastereoisomers, the natural prephenic acid is one that has both substituents at higher priority (according to CIP rules) on the two pseudoasymmetric carbons, i.e. the carboxyl and the hydroxyl groups, in the cis configuration, or (1s,4s) according to the new IUPAC stereochemistry rules (2013).
The other stereoisomer, i.e. trans or, better, (1r,4r), is called epiprephenic.
See also
C10H10O6
References
Hydroxy acids
Alpha-keto acids
Dicarboxylic acids
Cyclohexadienes
The Lufira masked weaver (Ploceus ruweti), also known as Ruwet's masked weaver or the Lake Lufira weaver, is a species of bird in the weaver family, Ploceidae. It is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Its natural habitat is swamps in the south-east part of the country. It is sometimes regarded as a subspecies of the Tanzanian masked weaver.
References
Lufira masked weaver
Endemic birds of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lufira masked weaver
Lufira masked weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Central Zambezian miombo woodlands
The Hundred of Hall is the cadastral unit of hundred on the northern Adelaide Plains centred on the town of Halbury. It is one of the 16 hundred the County of Stanley. It was named in 1860 after parliamentarian George Hall (1851-1867). The main localities in the hundred are Halbury and Hoyleton with parts of Balaklava, Stow, Watchman and Kybunga also within the hundred bounds.
Local government
On 14 November 1878, the District Council of Hall was established, bringing local government to the hundred, following petitioning by resident landowners. The five wards of Hall council were Hoyleton, Halbury, Wakefield, Woodlands and Watchman's Plains. The Watchman's Plains ward was moved to the District Council of Balaklava in 1911, the Halbury and Wakefield wards to the same in 1935, and the Hoyleton and Woodlands wards to the District Council of Blyth also in 1935.
From 1935 to 1997 the north and south parts of the hundred were locally governed by separate bodies: The south by Balaklava council then the District Council of Wakefield Plains from 1983; the north by Blyth council then the District Council of Blyth-Snowtown from 1987. In 1997 the merger of Wakefield Plains and Blyth-Snowtown councils brought the whole hundred back under the governance of a single local government with the creation of the Wakefield Regional Council. Since 1997, most of the hundred has been in the North ward of Wakefield council, with a south western portion near to the township of Balaklava being in the Central ward.
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
References
Hall
The R461 road is a regional road in Ireland, located in County Clare and County Galway.
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Clare
Roads in County Galway
Aleksandr Yanchenko (; ; born 14 February 1995) is a Belarusian professional footballer who plays for Lokomotiv Gomel.
External links
Profile at Gomel website
1995 births
Living people
Belarusian footballers
Association football forwards
FC Gomel players
FC Granit Mikashevichi players
FC Naftan Novopolotsk players
FC Lokomotiv Gomel players
Paddy the Next Best Thing may refer to:
Paddy the Next Best Thing (novel), a 1912 British novel by Gertrude Page
Paddy the Next Best Thing (1923 film), a silent British film adaptation
Paddy the Next Best Thing (1933 film), an American film adaptation
Absa Bank Botswana (officially Absa Bank Botswana Limited), formerly known as Barclays Bank of Botswana Limited, is a commercial bank in Botswana, licensed by the Bank of Botswana, the country's central bank and national banking regulator.
Location
The headquarters of the bank are located at the 5th Floor, Building 4 Plaza, Plot 74358, in the central business district of Gaborone, the capital and largest city in Botswana.
Overview
Absa Bank Botswana is a large financial services company, serving corporate clients, high networth individuals, retail customers and small and medium enterprises. As of June 2019, the bank had assets of BWP:17,963,238,000 (US$1.609 billion), with shareholders' equity of BWP:2,103,780,000 (US$188.438 million).
This bank is a subsidiary of Absa Group Limited, a financial services conglomerate, headquartered in South Africa, with subsidiaries in 12 African countries and with assets in excess of US$87 billion as of 30 June 2017, whose shares of stock trade on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange under the symbol ABG.
History
According to the bank's website, it started operating in Botswana as a branch of Barclays Bank Plc of the United Kingdom, in 1950. In 1975, Barclays Bank of Botswana was incorporated as a legal business entity and continued to operate in the country, as a subsidiary of Barclays. On 19 June 1989, the shares of the bank were listed on the Botswana Stock Exchange, where today, they trade under the symbol ABBL.
Name change
Barclays Bank Plc, which owned 62.3 percent of Barclays Africa Group (BAG), the then majority shareholder of Barclays Bank of Botswana Limited in 2016, decided to divest its majority shareholding in BAG, worth £3.5 billion at that time. In 2017 Barclays reduced its shareholding in BAG to 14.9 percent.
Subsequently, in 2018 BAG re-branded to Absa Group Limited.
Under the terms of that re-brand, Absa had until June 2020 to change the names of its subsidiaries in 12 African countries.
Beginning in December 2019, Barclays Bank Botswana Limited began re-branding to Absa Bank Botswana Limited. The re-brand concluded on 10 February 2020, when both the bank's legal and business names became Absa Bank Botswana Limited.
Governance
The bank is supervised by a five-person board of directors, chaired by Oduetse Andrew Motshidisi, one of the non-executive directors. The managing director and CEO is Keabetswe Pheko-Moshagane.
See also
List of banks in Botswana
Botswana Stock Exchange
References
External links
Official website
Gaborone
Absa Group Limited
Companies of Botswana
Banks established in 1975
1975 establishments in Botswana
Companies listed on the Botswana Stock Exchange
The Men's 200 metre individual medley competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 17 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 17 May at 10:39.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 17 May at 18:50.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 18 May at 19:26.
References
Men's 200 metre individual medley
Vincent Gaston Dethier (February 20, 1915 – September 8, 1993) was an American physiologist and entomologist. Considered a leading expert in his field, he was a pioneer in the study of insect-plant interactions and wrote more than 170 academic papers and 15 science books. From 1975 until his death, he was the Gilbert L. Woodside Professor of Zoology at the University of Massachusetts Amherst where he was the founding director of its Neuroscience and Behavior Program and chaired the Chancellor's Commission on Civility. Dethier also wrote natural history books for non-specialists, as well as short stories, essays, and children's books.
Biography
Vincent Dethier was born on February 20, 1915 in Boston, Massachusetts, one of the four children of Jean Vincent and Marguerite (Lally) Dethier. Before her marriage, his mother, who was of Irish extraction, was a school teacher in Boston. His Belgian-born father was a graduate of the Royal Conservatory of Liège who emigrated to the United States in the early 1900s. He was organist of the Church of the Immaculate Conception in Boston and later became Director of Music for the Norwood, Massachusetts public school system, and the organist and choirmaster of St. Catherine's Church in Norwood. Vincent Dethier's uncles were noted musicians — Edouard Dethier was a violinist and Gaston Dethier was an organist and composer. Both taught at the Juilliard School for many years. Although Vincent Dethier was the first of his father's family to become a scientist, he retained a lifelong interest in Baroque music and played in a recorder quartet during his years at the University of Massachusetts.
In his 1989 autobiographical essay "Curiosity, Milieu and Era", Dethier attributed his interest in insects, which would become a central aspect of his research career, to a childhood encounter with a butterfly in a neighborhood park known as "the oval":
I had wandered up to the oval late one hot, humid, summer day. The long, slanting rays of the sun illuminated my white shirt. Suddenly, something rocketed across the street, made a few zigzags, and landed on my shirt, just above the pocket. I stood stock-still and slowly lowered my head to see what it was. There with its wings slowly expanding clung a brown butterfly with a red band extending down each wing. This red admiral was the first live butterfly I had ever seen at close range, and I was fascinated.
Dethier received his undergraduate degree from Harvard University and went on to obtain his PhD there in 1939. His research in the 1930s was on the feeding habits of swallowtail butterfly caterpillars. He became the first to prove that food is selected by caterpillars not for a plant's nutritional value but for its taste and smell. His first post-doctoral position was as a biology instructor at John Carroll University in Cleveland, Ohio, where he taught from 1939 to 1941. With the outbreak of World War II, he joined the Army Air Corps, serving part of his time in Africa and Middle East. He wrote his first book, Chemical Insect Attractants and Repellents, in the bomb bay of a B-25 on what he called a "liberated" Italian typewriter. He then worked in the Army Chemical Corps as a research physiologist until 1946. Towards the end of his time in the Army he worked with Leigh Edward Chadwick at the Edgewood Arsenal in Maryland (now the Aberdeen Proving Ground) in a long series of experiments analyzing the effects of chemicals on the chemosensors of flies.
After the war ended, Dethier taught briefly at Ohio State University before taking a teaching post at Johns Hopkins University, where he taught from 1947 to 1958. He was a professor of zoology and psychology at the University of Pennsylvania from 1958 to 1967 and then went to Princeton University, where for the next nine years he held the Class of 1877 Chair as Professor of Biology. In 1975, he returned to his native Massachusetts for his last appointment, the Gilbert L. Woodside Professor of Zoology at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. There he became the founding director of the Neuroscience and Behavior Program and chaired the Chancellor's Commission on Civility, publishing A University in Search of Civility in 1984.
Vincent Dethier was an active scientist and teacher until his death at the age of 78. On September 8, 1993, he had an apparent heart attack while teaching at the University of Massachusetts. He died later that day at the Cooley Dickinson Hospital in Northampton, Massachusetts, survived by his wife Lois (Crow) Dethier and their two sons, Jehan Vincent Dethier and Paul Georges Dethier.
After his death the University of Massachusetts established the Vincent G. Dethier Award for "the faculty member who best exemplifies the ideals to which Dethier aspired."
Honors
Among the honors accorded to Vincent Dethier were election to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1960), United States National Academy of Sciences (1965), and the American Philosophical Society (1980). He was also a Fellow of the Royal Entomological Society and the recipient of the Entomological Society of America's 1967 Founders' Memorial Award. In 1993 he received the John Burroughs Medal for distinguished nature writing.
Academic publications
Vincent Dethier wrote more than 170 scholarly papers and authored or co-authored several academic books. These include:
Books
Vincent Dethier (1947) Chemical Insect Attractants and Repellents, Blakiston Press (8 editions published between 1947 and 1972)
Vincent Dethier (1963) The physiology of insect senses, Methuen
Vincent Dethier and Eliot Stellar (1961) Animal behavior: its evolutionary and neurological basis, Prentice-Hall (12 editions published between 1961 and 1970)
Claude Alvin Villee and Vincent Dethier (1971) Biological principles and processes, Saunders
Vincent Dethier (1976) Man's plague?: Insects and agriculture, Darwin Press
Papers
Vincent Dethier (1937) "Gustation and olfaction in lepidopterous larvae", Biology Bulletin, 72:7-23
Vincent Dethier and L. E. Chadwick (1947) "Rejection thresholds of the blowfly for a series of aliphatic alcohols", Journal of General Physiology, 30:247-253
Vincent Dethier (1951) "The limiting mechanism in tarsal chemoreception", Journal of General Physiology, 35:55-65.
Vincent Dethier (1954) "Evolution of feeding preferences in phytophagous insects", Evolution, 8:33-54
Vincent Dethier (1957) "Communication by insects: physiology of dancing", Science, 125:331-336.
Vincent Dethier and R. H. MacArthur (1964) "A field's capacity to support a butterfly population", Nature 201:729
Vincent Dethier (1964) "Microscopic Brains" Science, 143:1138-1145
Vincent Dethier (1973) "Electrophysiological studies of gustation in lepidopterous larvae II: Taste spectra in relation to food-plant discrimination", Journal of General Physiology, 82:103-134
Vincent Dethier (1980) "Food-aversion learning in two polyphagous caterpillars, Diacrisia virginica and Estigmene congrua", Physiological Entomology 5:321-325
Vincent Dethier (1993) "Food-finding by polyphagous arctiid caterpillars lacking antennal and maxillary chemoreceptors", Canadian Entomologist 125(1):85-92.
Other publications
In addition to his academic publications, Vincent Dethier wrote books on natural history for non-specialists as well as essays, short-stories and children's books, several of which he also illustrated. These include:
Natural history
To Know a Fly (1962) McGraw-Hill
The World of the tentmakers (1980) University of Massachusetts Press
The Ecology of a Summer House (1984) University of Massachusetts Press
Crickets and Katydids, Concerts and Solos (1992) Harvard University Press (winner of the John Burroughs Medal)
Children's books
Fairweather Duck (1970) Walker
Newberry, The Life and Times of a Maine Clam (1981) Down East Books.
Humor
Buy Me a Volcano (1972) Vantage Press
The Ant Heap (1979) Darwin Press
Philosophical essays
"Fly, rat and man: The continuing quest for an understanding of behavior" (1981) in Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society, Vol. 125
Ten Masses: Impressions (1988) Alba House
"Sniff, flick, and pulse: An appreciation of interruption" (1987) in Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society, Vol. 131
Short stories
"Haboob" (1960) The Kenyon Review, Vol. 22, No. 2 (anthologized in Gallery of Modern Fiction: Stories From the Kenyon Review, Salem Press, 1966)
"The Moth and the Primrose" (1980) The Massachusetts Review, Vol. 21, No. 2 (anthologized in The Best American Short Stories of 1981, Penguin Books, 1982)
Notes and references
Sources
Bowman, John S. (ed), "Dethier, Vincent G. (Gaston)", The Cambridge Dictionary of American Biography, Cambridge University Press 1995.
Calisher, Hortense (ed.) The Best American Short Stories 1981, Penguin Books, 1982.
Capinera, John L. (ed), "Dethier, Vincent Gaston", Encyclopedia of Entomology Vol. 3, Springer, 2008, pp. 1186–1187.
Dethier, Vincent, "Curiosity, Milieu and Era" in Donald A. Dewsbury (ed.), Studying Animal Behavior: Autobiographies of the Founders, University of Chicago Press, 1989.
Gelperin, Alan, Hildebrand, John, G. and Eisner, Thomas, "Vincent Gaston Dethier 1915–1993", National Academy of Sciences, 2006 (also published in Biographical Memoirs: Volume 89, National Academies Press, 2008. )
Hanson, Frank, Schoonhoven, Louis and Prokopy, Ronald, "In memoriam: Vincent G. Dethier", Journal of Insect Behavior, Volume 8, Number 1, January 1995, pp. 139–148.
New York Times, "Vincent Dethier, 78, Professor and Expert On Insects, Is Dead", September 11, 1993, p. 111
Entomological Society of America, Winners of the Founders' Memorial Award
University of Massachusetts Amherst, Neuroscience and Behavior Program, Vincent G. Dethier Award, 2009
External links
Vincent Dethier, The physiology of insect senses (1963) – full text
1915 births
1993 deaths
Harvard University alumni
American entomologists
University of Massachusetts Amherst faculty
John Burroughs Medal recipients
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
20th-century American zoologists
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
Tonmun is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
That's Good, That's Bad may refer to:
That's Good, That's Bad (Desperate Housewives)
That's Good, That's Bad, children's book by Margery Cuyler
That's Good, That's Bad (Frankie Laine song), Laine, Jo Stafford 1951
"That's Good, That's Bad", song by George Jones, composed by Ervin Drake, Jimmy Shirl 1951
"That's Good, That's Bad", comedy sketch by Archie Campbell, performed by Homer and Jethro, Chet Atkins 1960
Mauprat is a novel about love and education by the French novelist George Sand. It was published in serial form in the French literary magazine from April to June 1837. Like many of Sand's novels, Mauprat borrows from various fictional genres: the Gothic novel, chivalric romance, the Bildungsroman, detective fiction, and the historical novel.
Plot summary
The novel's plot has been called a plot of female socialization, in which the hero is taught by the heroine how to live peacefully in society. Mauprat resembles the fairy tale Beauty and the Beast. As this would suggest, the novel is a romance. However, Sand resists the immediate happy ending of marriage between the two main characters in favor of a more gradual story of education, including a reappraisal of the passive female role in courtship and marriage. Sand also calls into question Rousseau's ideal version of the female education as described in his novel Emile, namely, training women for domesticity and the home.
The novel, set before the French Revolution, depicts the coming of age of a nobleman named Bernard Mauprat. The story is narrated by the old Bernard in his country home many years later, as told to a nameless young male visitor. Bernard recounts how, raised by a violent gang of his feudal kinsmen after the death of his mother, he becomes a brutalized "". When his cousin Edmée is held captive by Bernard's "family", he helps her escape, but elicits a promise of marriage from her by threatening rape. Thus begins the long courtship of Bernard and Edmée. The novel ends with a dramatic trial scene, similar to that in Stendhal's The Red and the Black.
During the period Sand wrote the novel, she was gradually becoming more interested in the problem of political equality in society. She had read widely about the views of socialist thinkers such as Pierre Leroux, with whom she went on to form a journal, the . In keeping with Sand's interest in equality, Mauprat depicts a new type of literary figure, the peasant visionary Patience. In addition, part of the novel takes place during the American Revolutionary War.
Publication history
Mauprat was serialized in four parts in the French literary magazine from April to June 1837. It was published as a two-volume collected edition by Félix Bonnaire in August of the same year. The novel has been translated into English several times, including translations by Matilda M. Hays in 1847, Virginia Vaughan in 1870, Henrietta E. Miller in 1891, Stanley Young in 1902, and Sylvia Raphael in 1997.
Reception and legacy
American author Henry James called Mauprat a "solid, masterly, manly book".
Russian literary critic Vissarion Belinsky praised the novel for its "profound and poetic idea, that of a strong, intelligent, beautiful woman raising a man above his bestial passions". According to Columbia University's Lesley Singer Herrmann, Belinsky's opinion of Mauprat "set the tone for Sand's reception in Russia in the 1840s and 50s, where she was proclaimed the 'advocate of women as Schiller had been the advocate of humanity.'"
The French women's magazine Elle similarly hailed Mauprat as Sand's "feminist manifesto" in 2021 for its frank depiction of sexual harassment and violence towards women, centuries before the Me Too movement.
Literary scholar Patricia Thomson argued that Mauprat influenced Emily Brontë's 1847 novel Wuthering Heights. She noted that both stories take place in the 1770s; contain "uninhibited ... references to the devil, hell, and damnation"; use "two houses to represent opposing ways of life"; and recount "the obsessive devotion of one man for one woman, which lasted not only for life but beyond the grave". Thomson stated that "the parallels and connections are there in profusion and I myself have little doubt that Mauprat formed part of the literary – and therefore, living – experience on which Emily Brontë drew."
Film adaptations
Mauprat was adapted into a silent film with the same title by French director Jean Epstein in 1926. Luis Buñuel was assistant director on this film; it was his first film credit. The novel was also adapted into a film for television by French director in 1972.
References
External links
1837 French novels
Novels by George Sand
Novels first published in serial form
French novels adapted into films
Acorn is a raster graphic editor for macOS developed by August Mueller of Flying Meat Inc, based out of Mukilteo, Washington, United States. Acorn was first released on September 10, 2007 and was built upon the framework of a previous image editing application of Flying Meat Inc., FlySketch.
Acorn makes extensive use of Apple's Core Image framework for its image processing,. The native file format of Acorn is .acorn. Acorn combines vector drawing with bitmap editing, and has been described as an alternative to Photoshop. Key features of Acorn include image filters, a custom color picker, a brush designer, and image editing tools such as crop, erase, paint, select, pan, zoom, move, clone, smudge, dodge, and burn.
Major Features
Layers-based editing
Layer masks and blending modes
Multi-layer screenshots
Nondestructive stackable filters
Curves and levels
Multi-stop live gradients
Scriptable
Automator support
Built in brush designer to create custom brushes
Photoshop brush import
Vector shapes, Bézier pen tool, and text tools
Shape processor
Circle text tool
RAW image import
Multiple selection tools including quick mask and magic wand
Smart layer export
Web export
Guides, grids, rulers, and snapping
Native support for Apple's retina displays
Color profile management
Deep color image support
Documentation online and in ePub format
Runs on Metal 2
Version history
Reviews and awards
Houston Chronicle Acorn 4 review
The 25 Best Alternatives to Photoshop
Macworld Editor's Choice Award 2009
Mac App Store Best Apps of 2013
Mac App Store Best Apps of 2015
50 Mac Essentials #46
Acorn 5: Tom's Mac Software Pick
Clash of the Image Editors: Acorn vs Pixelmator
Acorn 4 Macworld Review
Acorn 4 The Verge Review
16 Essential Photo Editor Apps
See also
Comparison of raster graphics editors
Image Editing
References
External links
Official Webpage
Raster graphics editors
MacOS graphics software
MacOS-only software
Henry Hope Wong was an early Chinese-American aviator from Portland, Oregon. At the age of 19, he designed, built and flew his own plane.
Wong was born in Portland, Oregon in 1900. He grew up at 246 Jefferson and First Street. His father, Wong Fook On, was a Chinese immigrant who used the name William Hope in dealings with white Americans. In later documents, Wong Fook On was often referred to as William Hope Wong. Wong Fook On and his wife, Chun Yow, had five other sons and one daughter. The family were members of the Holt Presbyterian Church. Henry Hope Wong attended the Couch Grammar School, and began working "even earlier than the law would allow a Caucasian to labor for pay."
Wong was interested in planes from a young age, and began saving his wages towards a career in aviation. He "made a continuous study of aeroplanes; read innumerable books, built models and made drawings." Wong planned to study at the American School of Aviation in Chicago, but his father believed flying was too dangerous. After Wong sent his design for an airplane model to the school, they wrote to his parents, urging the Wongs to let their son attend. Wong's father still refused to pay the cost, so Wong's uncle, Wong Tee, paid instead.
Soon after Wong enrolled in the American School of Aviation, the instructor was injured, and Wong's tuition was refunded. He remained in Chicago for two months, working in the E.B. Health Plane Company's factory.
At the age of sixteen, Wong enrolled in the Beam School of Aviation in Celilo, Oregon. He made his first flight after less than two months of school, reaching an altitude of 5,827 feet. Between flights, he studied the theory of aviation and learned to assemble airplane parts. On one flight, Wong "reached an altitude of 7,000 feet." He claimed to have had only one accident in training, when a ground wire broke as he was preparing to take off and caused the plane to flip over. Wong received a scar under his right eye, but did not seem to be seriously injured. At the age of seventeen, he graduated with high honors and was awarded a diploma "as a regular aviator." He shared his thoughts on aviation with The Oregon Daily Journal:"Yes, it's lonesome up there. Seems that there is nothing in the world but me and the plane. The earth looks like a checkerboard with its farms, woods, and cities. What if something were to go wrong? Well, I'd just go wrong too, I guess. You can't do anything in a case of that kind and have got to take the consequences. But there is no reason for anything going wrong with the present perfection of airplanes. All you've got to do is be careful. There is a great future for aviation and I'm glad something told me while I am young and can take full advantage of it."
After graduating, Wong applied to the United States Signal Corps, but was rejected because he was under eighteen. He began planning to build his own airplane "so that he may keep in training and be in readiness to report for duty in case his services are needed before he attains the proper age for military service." Wong's early estimate of the cost was $2500 (roughly $49000 today). He returned to Portland in the fall of 1917 and began building the plane in his parents' house.
Wong named his plane the H.W. It was a "tractor biplane" with two sets of wings, a 90-horsepower engine, and two passenger seats. The plane was 27 feet long and 12 feet high, with wings 40 feet across. The Oregon Daily Journal reported that "the wood is dressed and polished up as handsomely as if done by an expert." Wong did much of the building in a shop on 290 South 3rd Street, finishing in 1919. Wong remarked on his difficulties building the H.W.:"I have been two years building my biplane, because I would run short of money and had to go to work and earn more. If at the beginning I had had the necessary means I could have accomplished my object in six months. But I am near the end of my task now. I expect to be flying by the middle of July."
After finishing work on the H.W., Wong showed the plane in "an automobile salesroom on Broadway and Burnside Streets". In July 1919, he began testing the plane in the area of Portland called Mock's Bottom. While trying to take off on one of his flights, Wong collided with a tree stump and broke his propeller. A week later, on 22 July 1919, Wong was flying the H.W. when it began to rock from side to side. At 50–100 feet above the ground, the plane went into a sudden nosedive. The H.W. crashed into the ground nose-first, breaking the propeller and tail, splintering the body, and trapping Wong under the wreckage. Spectators pulled Wong out and took him to the Good Samaritan Hospital. His worst injury appeared to be a sprained back. After this point in the record, it is not clear what happened to Wong.
W.R. Cheadle, who worked with Wong on the H.W., blamed the crash on the roughness of the ground at Mock's Bottom:"Because of this, he said, Wong was obliged to rise before he had attained enough headway on the ground, climbed at a 45-degree angle and found he had insufficient power to keep going on such an abrupt ascent. The machine struck directly on its running gear, said Cheadle, bending the axle and causing the fusilage to break in two when the momentum doubled over the plane's tail."
See also
Hazel Ying Lee
Leah Hing
Arthur Chin
References
Aviators from Oregon
Aviation pioneers
1900 births
American aviators of Chinese descent
Year of death missing
Aviators from Portland, Oregon
Qinglong Subdistrict () is a subdistrict situated in northern Anning City, Yunnan province, southwestern China. It lies about 60 km west of Kunming, situated on the east bank of the Tanglang River. Formerly a town, its status changed to a subdistrict of Anning in 2011.
References
Anning, Yunnan
Township-level divisions of Kunming
All The Love is the seventh album by the American vocalist, pianist and songwriter Oleta Adams and was released in 2001.
Track listing
2001 albums
Oleta Adams albums
The Braille pattern dots-134 () is a 6-dot braille cell with both top and the bottom left dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with both top and the lower-middle left dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+280d, and in Braille ASCII with M.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-134 is used to represent a bilabial nasal, i.e. /m/.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-134 are Braille patterns 1347, 1348, and 13478, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 257, 1257, 2457, and 12457 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-134, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 0134, 1347, and 01347 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 257, 1257, 2457, or 12457
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-134 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 力
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 1 + ぬ/力 = 刃
- selector 1 + selector 1 + ぬ/力 = 刄
- selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 刀
- selector 6 + ぬ/力 = 臼
- 比 + ぬ/力 = 匁
- ぬ/力 + 宿 = 免
- ぬ/力 + お/頁 = 負
Compounds of 力
- た/⽥ + ぬ/力 = 男
- ぬ/力 + た/⽥ = 勇
- に/氵 + ぬ/力 + た/⽥ = 湧
- み/耳 + ぬ/力 + た/⽥ = 踴
- す/発 + ぬ/力 = 虜
- ふ/女 + た/⽥ + ぬ/力 = 嫐
- せ/食 + た/⽥ + ぬ/力 = 甥
- ぬ/力 + た/⽥ + ぬ/力 = 舅
- ぬ/力 + れ/口 = 加
- ぬ/力 + を/貝 = 賀
- つ/土 + ぬ/力 = 嘉
- き/木 + ぬ/力 + れ/口 = 枷
- へ/⺩ + ぬ/力 + れ/口 = 珈
- や/疒 + ぬ/力 + れ/口 = 痂
- ち/竹 + ぬ/力 + れ/口 = 笳
- 心 + ぬ/力 + れ/口 = 茄
- ね/示 + ぬ/力 + れ/口 = 袈
- み/耳 + ぬ/力 + れ/口 = 跏
- ひ/辶 + ぬ/力 + れ/口 = 迦
- そ/馬 + ぬ/力 + れ/口 = 駕
- こ/子 + ぬ/力 = 功
- そ/馬 + ぬ/力 = 劣
- 龸 + ぬ/力 = 労
- 龸 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 勞
- て/扌 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 撈
- や/疒 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 癆
- ち/竹 + ぬ/力 = 効
- ゐ/幺 + ぬ/力 = 劾
- り/分 + ぬ/力 = 動
- る/忄 + り/分 + ぬ/力 = 慟
- も/門 + ぬ/力 = 勘
- よ/广 + ぬ/力 = 務
- く/艹 + ぬ/力 = 募
- 火 + ぬ/力 = 勢
- ろ/十 + ぬ/力 = 協
- ぬ/力 + そ/馬 = 助
- 日 + ぬ/力 + そ/馬 = 勗
- こ/子 + ぬ/力 + そ/馬 = 耡
- く/艹 + ぬ/力 + そ/馬 = 莇
- か/金 + ぬ/力 + そ/馬 = 鋤
- ぬ/力 + ゑ/訁 = 努
- ぬ/力 + ま/石 = 励
- ぬ/力 + ろ/十 = 勃
- に/氵 + ぬ/力 + ろ/十 = 渤
- ぬ/力 + 数 = 勅
- ぬ/力 + き/木 = 勤
- ぬ/力 + 火 = 勲
- ぬ/力 + ぬ/力 + 火 = 勳
- ぬ/力 + ら/月 = 脅
- ぬ/力 + ぬ/力 + ま/石 = 勵
- ぬ/力 + つ/土 + こ/子 = 劫
- ぬ/力 + も/門 + selector 5 = 劬
- ぬ/力 + つ/土 + れ/口 = 劼
- け/犬 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 勁
- ぬ/力 + 龸 + れ/口 = 勍
- と/戸 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 勒
- ぬ/力 + む/車 + selector 2 = 勠
- ぬ/力 + へ/⺩ + を/貝 = 勣
- ぬ/力 + か/金 + き/木 = 勦
- ふ/女 + う/宀/#3 + ぬ/力 = 娚
- る/忄 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 恊
- ぬ/力 + 宿 + 心 = 懃
- て/扌 + う/宀/#3 + ぬ/力 = 抛
- き/木 + う/宀/#3 + ぬ/力 = 朸
- か/金 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 釛
- ぬ/力 + 宿 + せ/食 = 飭
Compounds of 刂
- ほ/方 + ぬ/力 = 列
- な/亻 + ぬ/力 = 例
- 氷/氵 + ほ/方 + ぬ/力 = 冽
- に/氵 + ほ/方 + ぬ/力 = 洌
- ら/月 + ぬ/力 = 前
- ぬ/力 + て/扌 = 揃
- ぬ/力 + ら/月 + ぬ/力 = 剪
- ち/竹 + ら/月 + ぬ/力 = 箭
- む/車 + ら/月 + ぬ/力 = 翦
- を/貝 + ぬ/力 = 則
- 仁/亻 + ぬ/力 = 側
- る/忄 + ぬ/力 = 惻
- 氷/氵 + ぬ/力 = 測
- よ/广 + を/貝 + ぬ/力 = 厠
- め/目 + ぬ/力 = 刈
- く/艹 + め/目 + ぬ/力 = 苅
- か/金 + ぬ/力 = 刊
- の/禾 + ぬ/力 = 利
- な/亻 + の/禾 + ぬ/力 = 俐
- る/忄 + の/禾 + ぬ/力 = 悧
- 心 + の/禾 + ぬ/力 = 梨
- そ/馬 + の/禾 + ぬ/力 = 犁
- む/車 + の/禾 + ぬ/力 = 蜊
- せ/食 + の/禾 + ぬ/力 = 鯏
- 心 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 莉
- ゆ/彳 + ぬ/力 = 到
- き/木 + ゆ/彳 + ぬ/力 = 椡
- せ/食 + ぬ/力 = 制
- し/巿 + ぬ/力 = 刷
- き/木 + ぬ/力 = 刺
- selector 1 + き/木 + ぬ/力 = 剌
- れ/口 + き/木 + ぬ/力 = 喇
- に/氵 + き/木 + ぬ/力 = 溂
- ⺼ + ぬ/力 = 削
- ま/石 + ぬ/力 = 剖
- み/耳 + ぬ/力 = 剥
- ふ/女 + ぬ/力 = 副
- 宿 + ぬ/力 = 割
- お/頁 + ぬ/力 = 創
- へ/⺩ + ぬ/力 = 班
- や/疒 + ぬ/力 = 痢
- 心 + ぬ/力 = 薊
- ぬ/力 + つ/土 = 型
- ぬ/力 + 数 + せ/食 = 刋
- ぬ/力 + selector 4 + 数 = 刎
- ぬ/力 + 宿 + て/扌 = 刔
- ぬ/力 + 宿 + へ/⺩ = 刪
- ぬ/力 + れ/口 + せ/食 = 刮
- ぬ/力 + 宿 + け/犬 = 刳
- ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 + 宿 = 剃
- ろ/十 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 剋
- ぬ/力 + 日 + 数 = 剔
- ぬ/力 + け/犬 + か/金 = 剞
- ぬ/力 + と/戸 + 宿 = 剳
- ぬ/力 + 宿 + や/疒 = 剴
- ぬ/力 + に/氵 + ね/示 = 剽
- ぬ/力 + ふ/女 + た/⽥ = 劃
- か/金 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 劉
- よ/广 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 廁
- に/氵 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 渕
Compounds of 刃 and 刄
- ぬ/力 + 心 = 忍
- ゑ/訁 + ぬ/力 = 認
- い/糹/#2 + ぬ/力 + 心 = 綛
- 心 + ぬ/力 + 心 = 荵
- な/亻 + selector 1 + ぬ/力 = 仞
- と/戸 + selector 1 + ぬ/力 = 靭
- と/戸 + ぬ/力 = 靱
- 仁/亻 + selector 1 + ぬ/力 = 仭
- て/扌 + selector 1 + ぬ/力 = 扨
- の/禾 + selector 1 + ぬ/力 = 籾
- か/金 + selector 1 + ぬ/力 = 釼
- と/戸 + う/宀/#3 + ぬ/力 = 剏
- ぬ/力 + selector 1 + ⺼ = 衂
Compounds of 刀
- ぬ/力 + 囗 = 召
- て/扌 + ぬ/力 = 招
- 日 + ぬ/力 = 昭
- に/氵 + ぬ/力 = 沼
- い/糹/#2 + ぬ/力 = 紹
- え/訁 + ぬ/力 = 詔
- は/辶 + ぬ/力 = 超
- ぬ/力 + ぬ/力 + 囗 = 劭
- そ/馬 + ぬ/力 + 囗 = 貂
- ひ/辶 + ぬ/力 + 囗 = 迢
- さ/阝 + ぬ/力 + 囗 = 邵
- ま/石 + ぬ/力 + 囗 = 韶
- と/戸 + ぬ/力 + 囗 = 髫
- な/亻 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 仂
- ぬ/力 + ぬ/力 + 囗 = 劭
- れ/口 + ぬ/力 = 切
- ま/石 + れ/口 + ぬ/力 = 砌
- ね/示 + ぬ/力 = 初
- け/犬 + ぬ/力 = 券
- け/犬 + け/犬 + ぬ/力 = 劵
- き/木 + け/犬 + ぬ/力 = 椦
- う/宀/#3 + ぬ/力 = 寡
- ひ/辶 + ぬ/力 = 辺
- ぬ/力 + け/犬 = 契
- 囗 + ぬ/力 = 喫
- き/木 + ぬ/力 + け/犬 = 楔
- ね/示 + ぬ/力 + け/犬 = 禊
- ぬ/力 + ⺼ = 盆
- れ/口 + selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 叨
- や/疒 + selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 屶
- て/扌 + selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 挈
- き/木 + selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 朷
- 心 + selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 茘
- か/金 + selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 釖
- ぬ/力 + 宿 + こ/子 = 刧
- ぬ/力 + 宿 + ま/石 = 劈
- き/木 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 枴
- て/扌 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 拐
Compounds of 臼
- ぬ/力 + の/禾 = 毀
- 火 + ぬ/力 + の/禾 = 燬
- け/犬 + selector 6 + ぬ/力 = 舂
- 氷/氵 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 滔
- れ/口 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 啗
- ぬ/力 + 宿 + と/戸 = 舁
- え/訁 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 諂
- み/耳 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 蹈
- も/門 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 閻
- さ/阝 + さ/阝 + ぬ/力 = 陷
- い/糹/#2 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 韜
- せ/食 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 餡
Compounds of 匁
- selector 1 + 比 + ぬ/力 = 匆
Compounds of 免
- ぬ/力 + ぬ/力 = 勉
- な/亻 + ぬ/力 + 宿 = 俛
- 日 + ぬ/力 + 宿 = 冕
- ふ/女 + ぬ/力 + 宿 = 娩
- う/宀/#3 + ぬ/力 + 宿 = 寃
- や/疒 + ぬ/力 + 宿 = 巉
- る/忄 + ぬ/力 + 宿 = 悗
- い/糹/#2 + ぬ/力 + 宿 = 纔
- 心 + ぬ/力 + 宿 = 菟
- え/訁 + ぬ/力 + 宿 = 讒
Other compounds
- む/車 + ぬ/力 = 蠢
- さ/阝 + ぬ/力 = 陥
- ぬ/力 + は/辶 = 畔
- ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 粛
- い/糹/#2 + ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 繍
- ぬ/力 + ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 肅
- れ/口 + ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 嘯
- に/氵 + ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 瀟
- ち/竹 + ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 簫
- 心 + ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 蕭
- ぬ/力 + ぬ/力 + 数 = 敕
- ち/竹 + ち/竹 + ぬ/力 = 效
- 火 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 焔
- ぬ/力 + ん/止 + の/禾 = 齧
- ひ/辶 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 邉
- ひ/辶 + ひ/辶 + ぬ/力 = 邊
- に/氵 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 淵
- に/氵 + う/宀/#3 + ぬ/力 = 渊
Notes
Braille patterns
Jackson Georges (born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti) is a Haitian-American painter whose works have been on exhibit at the World Trade Art Gallery, the United Nations, and Mehu Gallery.
Born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, Georges was the son of a prominent Haitian artist, Duclavier Georges (Leconte). Georges attended Foyer Des Arts Plastics. In the United States he attended City College where he majored in Architectural Design.
He uses all types of mediums such as wood, marble, metal, leather, stone, water color collage, acrylic and oil on canvas.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Haitian emigrants to the United States
People from Port-au-Prince
Haitian painters
Haitian male painters
Radiative levitation is the name given to a phenomenon that causes the spectroscopically-derived abundance of heavy elements in the photospheres of hot stars to be very much higher than solar abundance or than the expected bulk abundance; for example, the spectrum of the star Feige 86 has gold and platinum abundances three to ten thousand times higher than solar norms.
The mechanism is that heavier elements have large photon absorption cross-sections when partially ionized (see opacity), so efficiently absorb photons from the radiation coming from the core of the star, and some of the energy of the photons gets converted to outward momentum, effectively 'kicking' the heavy atom towards the photosphere. The effect is strong enough that very hot white dwarfs are significantly less bright in the EUV and X-ray bands than would be expected from a black-body model.
The countervailing process is gravitational settling, where, in very high gravitational fields, the effects of diffusion even in a hot atmosphere are cancelled out to the point that the heavier elements will sink unobservably to the bottom and lighter elements settle on the top.
See also
Chemically peculiar star
References
Stellar phenomena
Senator Grout may refer to:
Henry W. Grout (1858–1932), Iowa State Senate
Josiah Grout (1842–1925), Vermont State Senate
William W. Grout (1836–1902), Vermont State Senate
Love Is a Gentle Thing is an album by Harry Belafonte, released by RCA Victor in 1959. It was recorded with arranger / conductors Alan Greene and Bob Corman.
Billboard magazine chose Love Is a Gentle Thing as one of their "Spotlight Winners of the Week" in March 1959, and wrote that "Belafonte displays his usual tender, feelingful vocal style on a group of expressive folk themes with varying moods...Striking cover".
Track listing
Side one
"Fifteen" – 2:50
"I Never Will Marry" – 2:44
"I'm Goin' Away" – 3:08
"Small One" – 2:53
"Bella Rosa" – 3:25
"All My Trials" – 4:37
Side two
"Green Grow the Lilacs" – 3:55
"Times are Gettin' Hard" – 3:36
"Turn Around" – 2:23
"Go Away from My Window" – 3:09
"Delia's Gone" – 4:34
"Walkin' on the Green Grass" – 3:22
Personnel
Harry Belafonte – vocals
Bob Corman – arranger, conductor ("I Never Will Marry", "Bella Rosa", "All My Trials", "Green Grow the Lilacs", "Times are Gettin' Hard", "Delia's Gone", "Walkin' on the Green Grass")
Alan Greene – arranger, conductor ("Fifteen", "I'm Goin' Away", "Small One", "Turn Around", "Go Away From My Window")
Produced by Edward Welker
Cover Art by David Stone Martin
Liner-notes by Paul Ackerman
References
1959 albums
Harry Belafonte albums
RCA Victor albums
Albums with cover art by David Stone Martin
Albums conducted by Robert De Cormier
Albums arranged by Robert De Cormier
Two Thousand Maniacs! is a 1964 American horror film written and directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis and starring 1963 Playboy Playmate Connie Mason. It follows a group of Northern tourists who are savagely tortured and murdered during a Confederate celebration of a small Southern community's centennial.
The film has been noted by critics as an early example of hicksploitation in grindhouse films, as well as for its sensationalizing of national perceptions between the North and South. The film was remade in 2005 as 2001 Maniacs. The story of the film was inspired by the 1947 Lerner and Loewe musical Brigadoon.
Plot
In 1965, outside the rural Georgia town of Pleasant Valley, two local rednecks named Rufus and Lester use detour signs to lure six motorists from Northern states - Terry Adams, Tom White, and married couples John and Bea Miller and David and Beverly Wells - into town. On the main street, they are greeted by a bluegrass trio and crowds of townsfolk cheering and waving Confederate army flags. They meet Rufus, Lester, town mayor Earl Buckman, local shop owner Harper and his girlfriend, Betsy, who coerce them into staying for the weekend to be the "guests of honor" for their centennial celebration. The six are hesitant to stay, especially Tom, who had been on his way to a convention in Atlanta before his car broke down and he was picked up by Terry. The mayor is reluctant to give details about the centennial, but he offers to put them up in complimentary hotel rooms and promises them free food and entertainment throughout the celebration, and the visitors eventually give in.
That afternoon, John receives a phone call in his hotel room from Betsy, who offers to show him around town. Bea is leery of John when he tells her that Mayor Buckman was calling to see him, since they are both prone to extramarital affairs. After John leaves, Bea gets a call from Harper, who invites her to take a walk with him. She accepts the invitation and he leads her into the woods nearby, where he shows her his pocket knife and uses it to slice off her right thumb. Harper then takes an hysterical Bea to the mayor's office where she is accosted by Rufus, Lester, and Mayor Buckman. As the other three hold her down on a desk, Rufus chops off her right arm with an axe while they laugh maniacally.
Meanwhile, Tom meets with Terry to discuss the strange goings on in town. He tries to make a long distance call to the convention from Terry's room, but the hotel's phone operator tells him that the outside lines are down. He then tries to use a payphone outside and leaves a message for one of his colleagues, not realizing that the person on the other end of the line is Mayor Buckman.
At a barbecue that evening, Bea's arm is slowly roasted to ashes on a spit. Although the guests are unaware of what is being cooked, Terry has her suspicions. Mayor Buckman also grows suspicious when Tom is nowhere to be found, so he takes Rufus and Lester to search for him. When they leave, Tom sneaks back to the gathering and quietly draws Terry away to a plaque he found in the woods. It marks the spot where, at the end of the Civil War in 1865, a group of renegade Union soldiers laid waste to the town of Pleasant Valley. The plaque goes on to state that it stands in memoriam to the townspeople killed in the attack and as a "testament to the vengeance pledged in their memory." They realize that this "centennial" is really an act of revenge for the destruction of the town one hundred years ago, and that they are the intended victims. Mayor Buckman, Rufus, and Lester spot the two from a distance and run after them, but Terry and Tom make it back to town and shake the pursuit in an alley.
Back at the festivities, Betsy gets John drunk on moonshine while David and Beverly watch from across the barbecue pit. After Harper escorts the couple back to the hotel, the townspeople surround John and make him participate in the "horse race." Too inebriated to resist, John has his arms and legs each roped to four horses that are sent running in different directions, dismembering him. The crowd goes silent and looks on in apparent regret, until Lester has the bluegrass band strike up a rousing chorus of Dixie.
The next morning, the Wells' are awakened by the band playing outside their window. They begin to suspect that they are being separated from the others and David tries to call John, but is told by the operator that he has already gone out with Bea. Meanwhile, in the mayor's office, Buckman learns from Rufus and Lester that Tom returned to his room after he and Terry escaped the night before. The mayor tells them to keep an eye on Tom and make sure that he stays in his room for the time being. Outside the hotel, the Wells' are greeted by Harper and Betsy, who tell them that the Miller's have gone on a "boat ride." Elsewhere, two local teenagers take Bea and John's remains on a boat and dispose of them in a lake.
Betsy takes David to a gathering on a hill near the lake for first event of the day, the "barrel roll." Rufus and another man force David into a barrel, and Mayor Buckman embeds it with nails and rolls it down the hill, killing David. Rufus exclaims that this is the best centennial anyone ever had, and David's body is also dumped in the lake.
At the hotel, Tom tries to leave his room but is met by a man sitting outside his door. He climbs out the window and gets into Terry's room. She calls the guard outside Tom's door into her room and Tom knocks him out. They sneak out of a back door, but Harper sees them and gives chase. They run through a nearby swamp, where Harper get stuck in a pool of quicksand and sinks.
Lester brings Beverly to the town square to be the judge for the next event, "Ol' Teeterin' Rock." Another cheering crowd is gathered around a wooden platform raised in the middle of the square, over which a large boulder is precariously balanced on a smaller platform tied to a dunk tank target. Beverly grows increasingly upset as it dawns on her what will happen, and Lester explains that Beverly must judge when the boulder will fall. She is tied down to the platform and the crowd take turns throwing rocks at the target, and Mayor Buckman tells Beverly to say "it ain't fallin' yet" every time the townsfolk miss. Lester finally takes a softball and hits the target, causing the boulder to topple and crush Beverly while the crowd silently nods in approval.
Meanwhile, Tom and Terry return to town to locate Terry's car. With the help of a little boy named Billy, they find the car in a garage. As Mayor Buckman and a horde of townsmen approach, they take Billy hostage and speed away. They are chased by a truck, but Terry and Tom make it to the main road, where they release Billy and escape. They drive to the nearest police station and tell the chief their bizarre tale, but the sheriff is skeptical.
Returning to town, Rufus and Lester lament the fact that they only managed to kill four of the six Yankees, but Mayor Buckman deems the centennial a success anyway. He orders his people to take down the centennial banner and declares the celebration over.
Tom and Terry return to Pleasant Valley with the police chief, only to find that the town has vanished. The chief continues to doubt their story about the murderous townspeople, and Terry begins to question her sanity. The chief then recalls a local legend: a hundred years ago, as the Civil War was drawing to an end, a group of rogue Union troops raided a small town called Pleasant Valley, massacring the entire population and burning the town to the ground. It was said that the spirits of those killed in the attack still haunted the woods and clearing where the town once stood, waiting for the day when they could exact their revenge. They drive away, and as Terry and Tom reach the state line, Terry still wonders whether it was all just a nightmare, until Tom finds a small noose left in the backseat by Billy.
The film ends with the ghosts of Rufus and Lester sitting by the roadside, reminiscing about their centennial and looking forward to the next one in 2065. They call out to Harper, who emerges from the quicksand pit, and the three head for the woods and disappear into a gathering mist.
Cast
Connie Mason as Terry Adams
Shelby Livingston as Bea Miller
William Kerwin as Tom White (credited as "Thomas Wood")
Jeffrey Allen as Mayor Buckman
Gary Bakeman as Rufus Tate
Ben Moore as Lester MacDonald
Jerome Eden as John Miller
Stanley Dyrector as Harper Alexander (credited as "Mark Douglas")
Linda Cochran as Betsy
Michael Korb as David Wells
Yvonne Gilbert as Beverly Wells
Vincent Santo as Billy
Production
Two Thousand Maniacs! was filmed in 15 days, early in 1964, in the town of St. Cloud, Florida. According to a contemporary report, the entire town participated in the film.
The film was the feature film debut of a nonprofessional Illinois stage actor named Taalkeus Blank (1910-1991; nicknamed "Talky" his entire life) who played Pleasant Valley Mayor Buckman. He used the pseudonym "Jeffery Allen" in all of his film appearances because he was never a member of the Screen Actors Guild. Director Lewis was so impressed by Blank's ability to perfectly mimic any type of Southern accent that he hired Blank to appear in many of his later films, among them Moonshine Mountain (1964), This Stuff'll Kill Ya! (1971) and Year of the Yahoo! (1972), playing various Southern-accented characters under the Jeffrey Allen pseudonym.
The film's budget was considerably larger than what the filmmakers had previously had to work with, and afforded the film a more polished production.
Release
Two Thousand Maniacs! was heavily cut by the MPAA before its release, which resulted in the film being scantily screened across the country. The film mostly played at drive-in theaters, especially in the Southern United States, where it did considerably well. Among its earliest releases was on October 1, 1964 in Denver, Colorado.
Critical reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, Two Thousand Maniacs! holds an approval rating of 41%, based on 22 reviews, and an average rating of 4.33/10. Its consensus reads, "It didn't take much to thrill early splatter fans, and Two Thousand Maniacs! proves it with its shrill soundtrack, basement-level theatrics, and goofy flesh-tearing gore."
Allmovie wrote, "drive-in gore king Herschell Gordon Lewis reached a creative peak with this darkly comic slaughterfest". In a retrospective, Marjorie Baumgarten of the Austin Chronicle called the film "remarkably durable" and referred to it as "one of the sickest movies ever made."
Critical analysis
Two Thousand Maniacs! was one of the early films to introduce audiences to the formulaic plot of Southern gore films: Northern outsiders who are stranded in the rural South are horrifically murdered by virulent, backwoods Southerners. This subgenre of grindhouse peaked with the release of Tobe Hooper's The Texas Chain Saw Massacre (1974), and Two Thousand Maniacs! has been credited as being influential on Hooper's film.
During the Civil Rights Movement in the United States, television and mainstream narrative films used the "rednecks" caricature rather than a realistic depiction of white Southerners like the televised news of the era. However, Lewis' plotline in Two Thousand Maniacs! focused on the ghosts of a violent, vengeful Confederacy, and acknowledged the region's violent history and place in the anxiety of the rest of the United States. The film has been noted by scholars as sensationalizing historical anxieties that the rest of the nation held toward the South's history (and that of its white inhabitants) of extra-legal violence, perceived primitivism, and unresolved regional conflict.
In his essay "Remapping Southern Hospitality", Anthony Szczesiul explained the film's use of Southern hospitality and other Southern stereotypes: "The film's ironic parody of southern hospitality highlights the performative nature of the discourse. When Mayor Buckman delivers his promise of southern hospitality in his thick, cartoonish accent, the reference is immediately recognizable to all–the characters in the film, its actors and director, its original audience, and by us today–but here the possibility of southern hospitality is transformed into a cruel joke: the visitor becomes victim.
Legacy
"An all-time great because of all the sadism", enthused Cramps singer and horror aficionado Lux Interior. "The people who act in the movie actually live in the town where it was filmed—they look very inbred. There's a wonderful scene where they take this sexy girl and drop this 2,000lb. rock on her from 20 feet, and the whole town's out there watching. Old ladies all looking, like, 'What are we doing here?'"
In popular culture
The 1980s alternative rock band 10,000 Maniacs took their name in homage to the film as a way of making them stand out from other bands on the college rock scene.
The John Waters film Multiple Maniacs are named in homage to the film, as well.
See also
List of American films of 1964
List of ghost films
References
Notes
External links
1964 horror films
1964 films
American Civil War films
American films about revenge
Films directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis
Films set in Florida
Films shot in Florida
Films set in 1965
American ghost films
Southern Gothic films
American splatter films
American exploitation films
1960s exploitation films
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
The Quirinal Treaty (, ), formally the Treaty between the French Republic and the Italian Republic for a Strengthened Bilateral Cooperation, is a bilateral agreement between the Italian Republic and the French Republic, which was signed by Prime Minister Mario Draghi and President Emmanuel Macron at the Quirinal Palace in Rome, on 26 November 2021.
Content
The Treaty, consisting of 13 articles, "will promote the convergence of French and Italian positions, as well as the coordination of the two countries in matters of European and foreign policy, security and defence, migration policy, economy, education, research, culture and cross-border cooperation". According to both governments, the Treaty was the beginning of a new convergence between the two nations in the leadership and the advance of the European Union. Moreover, the Treaty was seen as an attempt of Italy and France to play a key role in the EU after the retirement of the former German chancellor Angela Merkel.
History
The project was started by Emmanuel Macron and Paolo Gentiloni in January 2018. However, it was set aside by the first government of Giuseppe Conte, due to the reluctance and political opposition of its members, the right-wing League and the populist Five-Star Movement (M5S). When Conte's second cabinet was formed between the M5S and the Democratic Party (PD), talks between Italy and France re-started. At the beginning of 2020 during a bilateral meeting in Naples, Giuseppe Conte and Emmanuel Macron reaffirmed their willingness to sign the draft treaty.
On 13 February 2021, Mario Draghi was appointed new Prime Minister and, on 17 February 2021 he declared that he wanted to better structure the relation between his country and France. Emmanuel Macron shared the same view on 5 July 2021 on the occasion of the visit to the Élysée Palace by the President of the Italian Republic Sergio Mattarella.
On 26 November 2021, Draghi and Macron signed the treaty at the Quirinal Palace. During a press conference at Villa Madama, Macron stated that "Italy and France share much more than borders. History, art, economies and society had been intertwined for a long time. The institutions we have the honor of representing are based on the same republican values, on respect for human and civil rights and on Europeanism." While Draghi said: "Our sovereignty, understood as the ability to achieve the future we want, can only be strengthened through a shared management of common challenges. We want to favor and accelerate the process of European integration."
External links
French text
Italian text
See also
France–Italy relations
Foreign relations of France
Foreign relations of Italy
References
2021 treaties
Unratified treaties
Treaties of France
Treaties of Italy
November 2021 events in France
November 2021 events in Italy
2020s in Rome
France–Italy relations
Emmanuel Macron
Mario Draghi
Pyrrholaemus is a genus of birds in the family Acanthizidae.
The genus was introduced by the English ornithologist and bird artist John Gould in 1841. The name Pyrrholaemus is from classical Greek purrhos meaning "flame-coloured" or "red" and laimos for "throat".
The genus contains two species:
Redthroat (Pyrrholaemus brunneus)
Speckled warbler (Pyrrholaemus sagittatus)
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Chatthin Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area in Myanmar's Sagaing Region that was established in 1941, stretching over an area of . It is located in Kanbalu Township.
Fauna
Chatthin Wildlife Sanctuary provides habitat for Eld's deer. The Indochinese leopard was considered almost locally extinct by 2000.
References
External links
Protected areas of Myanmar
Protected areas established in 1941
Important Bird Areas of Myanmar
Parliamentary elections were held in the Maldives on 24 November 1989. As there were no political parties at the time, all candidates ran as independents. Voter turnout was 68.7%.
Results
References
Maldives
Parliamentary election
Elections in the Maldives
Non-partisan elections
Maldives
Depression is one of the most common psychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease, occurring at all stages of the disease, but it often appears in a different form than other depressive disorders. In 2000, a workgroup of the U.S. National Institute of Mental Health created a set of provisional diagnostic criteria for depression of Alzheimer disease (dAD) as a separate diagnostic entity in its own right.
In 2005, psychiatrists at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine created a set of operationalized criteria to aid the diagnosis of dAD in clinical practice.
Causes
Although caregivers often feel that the fact of an Alzheimer's diagnosis must be creating depression in the affected person, there is little or no evidence that this is true. In fact, it is not clear how many people are capable of comprehending an Alzheimer's diagnosis at the time it is made. The symptoms of dAD can arise at any point during the course of Alzheimer's disease, often at a stage quite late in cognitive decline.
Numerous neurological studies have found correlations between abnormalities in the brain and depression in dementia. For dAD in particular, positron emission tomography (PET) studies have found alterations of metabolism in the right superior frontal gyrus
Symptoms
The diagnostic criteria for depression in Alzheimer disease specify that it requires only 3 of the possible symptoms for major depressive disorder (MDD), rather than the 5 required to diagnose MDD itself, and the symptoms may fluctuate. Therefore, dAD often goes unrecognized within the spectrum of symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
In general, people who have dAD tend to be anxious, agitated, delusional, or inattentive. Symptoms include irritability and social isolation. People with dAD are more likely than those with MDD to show a decline in their enjoyment of social contacts or customary activities, but are less likely to express or experience guilt or feel suicidal.
Diagnosis
Of course, diagnosis must rely on the criteria established by the NIMH working group on dAD.
Because of the cognitive decline characteristic of Alzheimer's disease, diagnosis of dAD needs to include independent interviews of the patient and caregiver. The Cornell Scale for Depression in Dementia is particularly useful because it allows for these separate assessments.
Treatment
Educating the caregiver about depression in dementia is of primary importance in addressing the problem. Caregivers need to understand the need for structure and comfort in the patient's daily activities, as well as the importance of including activities that the patient finds enjoyable and of trying to convey a sense of pleasure themselves. Caregivers also need an opportunity to "vent" and to understand and express when they have exceeded their ability to address the patient's needs.
Psychosocial
Controlled trials show that providing pleasant daily activities or exercise, for someone who has Alzheimer's disease, in conjunction with activities designed to support the caregiver, can produce positive results in addressing the associated depression.
Medication
There are no official clinical guidelines as yet about the use of antidepressant medication for dAD in particular. Medication may be justified for people with diagnosed dAD who are suicidal, violent, not eating or drinking, or who score high on the Cornell scale.
The evidence would seem to suggest similar efficacy for SSRIs and tricyclic antidepressants in initial treatment for dAD. If these treatments do not address the symptoms, it would be reasonable to try noradrenergic drugs, secondary amine tricyclic antidepressants, or a monoamine oxidase inhibitor.
A clinical trial testing sertraline (Zoloft) for depression of Alzheimer disease, launched by the NIMH in 2004, was due to be completed in the summer of 2009.
Sertraline, as per the latest studies has been found to be ineffective in improving cognitive outcomes in patients with Alzheimer's disease. Sertraline is also associated with increased incidence of gastrointestinal and respiratory adverse effects.
References
Alzheimer's disease
Depression (mood)
The Bachelor's Walk massacre occurred in Dublin, on 26 July 1914, when a column of troops of the King's Own Scottish Borderers were accosted by a crowd on Bachelor's Walk following the Howth gun-running operation. After some verbal baiting, the troops attacked “hostile but unarmed” protesters with rifle fire and bayonets - resulting in the deaths of four civilians and injuries to in excess of 30 more. One of those shot was Luke Kelly, the father of folk singer Luke Kelly.
The events followed the landing of 1,500 rifles and ammunition, purchased for the Irish Volunteers in Hamburg in May 1914. In a counter operation to the Unionists running guns into Northern Ireland, Erskine Childers landed the cargo in Howth and a thousand rifle-carrying Irish Volunteers marched into Dublin. The quantity was negligible when compared to the far greater numbers of weapons landed and distributed by the Ulster Volunteers, completely without hindrance, but the reaction this time was severe from the British ruling authorities.
The incident proved a moment of political opportunity for Irish nationalists as it sharply brought out the different treatment for the Unionists and for unarmed Dublin civilians. Patrick Pearse declared 'The army is an object of odium, and the Volunteers are the heroes of the hour. The whole movement, the whole country, has been re-baptised by bloodshed for Ireland.'
References
1910s in Dublin (city)
1914 in Ireland
July 1914 events
20th-century history of the British Army
1914 crimes in Ireland
Roberto Manuel Hernández Rodríguez (born November 11, 1964) is a Puerto Rican former professional baseball right-handed relief pitcher. His best Major League Baseball (MLB) seasons came with the Chicago White Sox and Tampa Bay Devil Rays, in the 1990s. In all, Hernández played for 10 different big league teams, over 17 seasons.
Early life
Roberto Manuel Hernández was born November 11, 1964 in Puerto Rico. His father moved his family to the Dominican Republic where his father was from. At age 2, his family moved again to New York City. He went to Chelsea Vocational School in Manhattan where he played baseball for three years. During his junior year of high school, he and his brother were forced to drop out due to the fact that is mother was sick and his father was laid off at his job. He assisted his family for a year then was offered a scholarship at a private school called The New Hampton School in New Hampshire where he repeated his junior year and completed his senior year of high school there while continuing to play baseball.
In the fall of 1984 he attended the University of Connecticut (UConn) to play baseball and was named the starting catcher of the baseball team in spring of 1985. Following the 1985 college season, he played in a summer league in Virginia. He was the only catcher on the team but he desired to pitch. The coach told him he would get the opportunity to pitch if they found another catcher. Once the team finally found a catcher, he was given the chance to pitch. In his first start, he pitched against a team from Madison and struck out 14 batters. He then pitched against the University of North Carolina, East Carolina University and finally against Elon but wouldn't pitch again and caught mostly every game the rest of the summer.
He wanted to return to UConn in the fall of 1985 and pitch. However, he had difficulty contacting the coach during the summer. Hernández then made the decision to transfer. He hoped to attend the University of South Carolina but he couldn't get a letter of consent and would've been forced to sit out a season if he did attend there. Sitting out a season would hurt his chances of being drafted the following year. Larry Carr, the pitching coach at Coastal Carolina University, had seen Hernández pitch and called the pitching coach at the University of South Carolina-Aiken (USCA) and told him to offer Hernández a scholarship.
In the fall of 1985, Hernández attended USCA without ever visiting the school in the hope that he could pitch there during the 1986 season and get drafted. He hurt his arm pitching in the fall and would undergo surgery to remove bone chips from his elbow. Once he recovered from surgery, he pitched well in the spring. Every time he began warming up for a game he would notice that 10-15 scouts would be watching him with a radar gun. Hernández's success in the 1986 season put little known USCA on the map for professional scouts. USCA would later refurbish and rename their baseball field after him. His son, Roberto Jr, currently attends USCA and is a member of the baseball team.
Professional career
Hernández was selected by the California Angels as the 16th pick in the first round of the 1986 amateur draft. He was traded to the Chicago White Sox in 1989. In 1991, while pitching for the Vancouver Canadians of the Pacific Coast League, Hernández experienced numbness in his pitching hand, later determined to be caused by blood clots. He was rushed into emergency surgery to have veins transplanted from his inner thigh to his forearm. The surgery was successful and he went on to make his major league debut as a starting pitcher against the Kansas City Royals on September 2 of that year.
Hernández had a long and largely successful career as a relief pitcher in the major leagues. In 1993 he was instrumental in the White Sox' drive for the American League West Division pennant, going 2–1 with 21 saves in the second half of the season. He made four appearances in the American League Championship Series that year and pitched four scoreless innings.
During the season, the White Sox traded Hernández, Wilson Álvarez, and Danny Darwin, to the San Francisco Giants for six prospects (Keith Foulke, Bob Howry, Lorenzo Barceló, Mike Caruso, Ken Vining, and Brian Manning) in what became known as the White Flag Trade. He appeared in all three games of the National League Division Series against the Florida Marlins. After the season, he signed as a free agent with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. In 1999, he earned his career-high of 43 saves which was a Devil Rays team record until 2010. His 43 saves were for a team that only won 69 games overall.
His performance level declined after being traded to the Kansas City Royals prior to the season. Since then, he has signed as a free agent with the Atlanta Braves in 2003, the Philadelphia Phillies in 2004 and the New York Mets in 2005. After 2002, he moved from being a closer to being a setup man, in which role he has generally flourished. He signed a one-year contract with the Pittsburgh Pirates for the 2006 season. On July 31, 2006, Hernández was reacquired by the New York Mets along with pitcher Óliver Pérez for outfielder Xavier Nady. He played in Puerto Rico from 1987 to 1996 with the Mayaguez Indians.
On December 2, 2006, Hernández signed a one-year, $3.5 million contract with the Cleveland Indians for the season with a $3.7 million club option for 2008.
Coming out of spring training, he and Rafael Betancourt were the Indians' primary right-handed eighth-inning relievers.
But Hernández pitched poorly over the first three months of the season (6.23 ERA in 28 games) and eventually lost the confidence of manager Eric Wedge. He was designated for assignment June 20
and waived for the purposes of giving him his unconditional release June 28.
Hernández was signed to a minor league contract by the Los Angeles Dodgers on July 7, 2007 and, after pitching in one game for the Triple-A Las Vegas 51s, was recalled to the Dodgers on July 18.
On August 16, 2007, Hernández appeared in his 1000th game against the Houston Astros. He became the 11th pitcher in major league baseball history to appear in 1000 career games.
Personal life
Hernández is married with four children
and resides in Gulfport, Florida.
See also
List of players from Puerto Rico in MLB
Career Leaders in Games Finished
Major League Baseball titles leaders
References
External links
Roberto Hernández at SABR (Baseball BioProject)
1964 births
Living people
American League All-Stars
Atlanta Braves players
Birmingham Barons players
Chicago White Sox players
Cleveland Indians players
UConn Huskies baseball players
Gulf Coast White Sox players
Kansas City Royals players
Las Vegas 51s players
Los Angeles Dodgers players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball players from Puerto Rico
Midland Angels players
New York Mets players
Omaha Royals players
Palm Springs Angels players
Philadelphia Phillies players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Puerto Rican expatriate baseball players in Canada
Quad Cities Angels players
Richmond Braves players
Salem Angels players
San Francisco Giants players
South Bend White Sox players
Sportspeople from San Juan, Puerto Rico
Tampa Bay Devil Rays players
USC Aiken Pacers baseball players
Vancouver Canadians players
Han Deok-kwang (Hangul: 한덕광; born 12 March 1995), better known by his stage name Hash Swan (Hangul: 해쉬스완) is a South Korean rapper. He was a contestant on Show Me the Money 5 and Show Me the Money 6. He released his first EP, Hash X Kash, on 28 September 2016.
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
South Korean male rappers
South Korean hip hop singers
21st-century South Korean male singers
Franz Eckl (11 January 1896 – 19 November 1966) was an Austrian footballer. He played in seven matches for the Austria national football team from 1919 to 1928.
References
External links
1896 births
1966 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
James E. Wilson (1 January 1909 – after 1937) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Bradford Park Avenue, Bristol City, Halifax Town, Leeds United and Mansfield Town.
References
1909 births
Year of death missing
People from Garforth
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Leeds United F.C. players
Halifax Town A.F.C. players
Shrewsbury Town F.C. players
Shirebrook Miners Welfare F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Ashfield United F.C. players
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. players
Bristol City F.C. players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
English Football League players
Van () is a suburb and community in Caerphilly county borough in Wales, situated in the east of the town of Caerphilly. It contains the vast housing estate of Lansbury Park and the estates of Porset Park, Castle Park, Mornington Meadows and Badgers Wood. Van mainly consists of residential properties, one industrial estate and only one public house - The Fisherman's Rest. Nearly all of the property in Van is of post war construction. The area is served by one large primary school - St James. The same name is given to the electoral ward of Caerphilly County Borough council that also covers Van. According to the United Kingdom Census 2001 Van had a population of 5,050., decreasing to 4,923 in 2011 census.
For political administration Van is served by a Community Council that meets monthly.
Van Castle
In the 1580s, permission was given to Thomas Lewis to use stone from nearby Caerphilly Castle to build a manor house. The resulting building was known as Van Castle, Castell y Fan, or simply 'The Van'. The building was seen as an innovation of its day but its construction led to the further dilapidation of the original castle in Caerphilly. Van Castle was abandoned in the mid-18th century when the Lewis family moved to St Fagans Castle.
Industrial Heritage
Van industrial heritage revolved around the Great Western Railway, where many of the engine and repair works were housed and the T Ness, Caerphilly Tar Distillation Works, which ceased operations in 1985.
Notes
External links
www.geograph.co.uk : photos of Van and surrounding area
Villages in Caerphilly County Borough
Communities in Caerphilly County Borough
John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute, served as Prime Minister of Great Britain during 1762–1763. He was the first Tory Prime Minister since the Harley ministry during 1710–1714 though his ministry was largely made up of Whigs.
Bute resigned following fierce criticism of his signing of the Treaty of Paris with its perceived lenient terms for France and Spain despite Britain's successes in the Seven Years' War. The Bute ministry consisted largely of the same members as its successor, the Grenville ministry. George III favoured Bute, but could not keep him in government .
Ministry
See also
Great Britain in the Seven Years' War
Cider Bill of 1763
References
British ministries
1762 establishments in Great Britain
1763 disestablishments in Great Britain
1760s in Great Britain
Ministries of George III of the United Kingdom
The Associated Construction Publications are 13 trade publications and a combined web site owned by John White that serves the information needs of contractors, materials producers, equipment users and allies to the field of construction. Greg Sitek is the national editor.
The 13 magazines are regional publications, distributed in different geographic areas across the U.S.
California Builder & Engineer, established in 1893, is written for people in California, Hawaii and Western Nevada. Chad Dorn is the Associated Publisher.
Construction, established in 1933, is written for people in North Carolina, South Carolina, Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia and Washington, D.C. Chad Dorn is the Associated Publisher.
"Construction Digest", established in 1932 covers Illinois, Indiana, Ohio and Kentucky. Peter Leviton and Jim Reid have shared responsibility for this publication.
Construction News, established in 1934, is written for people in Western Tennessee, Mississippi, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Oklahoma. Walt Robertson, Mandy Preston and Mary Anne Nichol share responsibility for this magazine.
Constructioneer, established in 1945, is written for people in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Delaware. Al Fournier is the Associate Publisher.
Dixie Contractor, established in 1926, is written for people in Georgia, Florida, Alabama and Eastern Tennessee. Chad Dorn is the Associate Publisher.
Michigan Contractor & Builder, established in 1907, is written for people in Michigan. The current Associate Publisher is Peter Leviton.
Midwest Contractor, established in 1901, is written for people in Iowa, Kansas, Nebraska and Missouri. Mandy Preston is the Associate Publisher
New England Construction, established in 1936, is written for people in Maine, Rhode Island, Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, and Connecticut. Al Fournier is the Associate Publisher and his brother Paul Fournier is the feature editor
Pacific Builder & Engineer, established in 1902, is written for people in Montana, Idaho, Oregon, Washington, and Alaska. Chad Dorn is the Associate Publisher.
Rocky Mountain Construction, established in 1953, is written for people in Colorado, Wyoming, Utah, Arizona, New Mexico, and Nevada. Chad Dorn is the Associate Publisher
Texas Contractor, established in 1923, is written for people in Texas. The current editor is Liz Moucka and Walt Robertson is the Associate Publisher.
Western Builder, established in 1902, is written for people in Wisconsin and Michigan. Peter Leviton serves as the Associate Publisher.
All of the magazines are published monthly.
As of July 2009, total audited circulation is 100,206 subscribers.
References
BPA Worldwide
External links
Associated Construction Publications website
Business magazines published in the United States
Professional and trade magazines
Magazine publishing companies of the United States
RATF (Robustness Analysis and Technology Forecasting) is a software development methodology acting as a plug in to the Rational Unified Process (RUP), ICONIX, Extreme Programming (XP) and Agile software development. The first part of the method was first published by in 2005 at the IASTED International conference on Software Engineering.
RATF makes use of principles provided by the TRIZ innovation method and its techniques such as ARIZ and Technology forecasting, supported by Robustness analysis. The novel principle provided by RATF is to elaborate on potential software evolution in a method loop consisting of the steps:
Extended Robustness Analysis - that investigates preliminary design options based on system expectations and system environment, thus identifying weaknesses in terms of system conflicts and likeliness for change.
Technology Forecasting - which proposes likely, better and fruitful system design and evolution
Extended Robustness Analysis - that investigates consequences of such evolution, identifying weaknesses and system conflicts
Then the Technology Forecasting step is repeated, and so on.
Essentially the RATF method is expected to give improve decision for future system architecture and design, taking advantage of technology forecasting and innovation, thus "enabling design of tomorrow's system, today".
References
1. & Calås, G. Makefors-Christierning, S. Boklund, A. (2005). A Case Study Evaluation of 11 Hypothetical Software System Evolution Laws included in the Proceedings of the IASTED International Conference on Software Engineering, 2005. ACTA press. ()
Related Concepts
ICONIX
Rational Unified Process
TRIZ
Software development process
Software project management
Agile software development
The United Nations Committee on Contributions is a subsidiary body of the United Nations General Assembly that is responsible for advising the General Assembly on the apportionment of UN expenses among member states.
The committee meets annually for three to four weeks, usually in New York in June. These sessions are closed and its meeting records and press releases are not issued.
Mandate
The United Nations Charter, in Article 17, established that "the expenses of the Organization shall be borne by the Members as apportioned by the General Assembly." As such on 13 February 1946, the General Assembly created a 10-member Committee on Contributions with the mandate to apportion UN expenses among members, make assessments for new members, hear appeals by members for a change of assessment and apply Article 19 in cases of arrears in the payment of assessments.
Membership of the committee was increased in 1968 to 12, then to 13 in 1973 and most recently in 1976 to 18 members.
Members
The 18 members of the committee are selected by the General Assembly upon the recommendation of the Fifth Committee and on the basis of broad geographical representation, personal qualifications and experience. They serve three years terms that end on the 31 December of their respective term. The following are the current members of the committee.
References
External links
Official website
Organizations established in 1946
United Nations General Assembly subsidiary organs
Ascension Sacred Heart Hospital Emerald Coast is a 76-bed hospital located in Miramar Beach, Florida.
It is part of the Ascension hospital system.
References
Hospitals in Florida
Walton County, Florida
Affection is often associated with a feeling or type of love.
Affection may also refer to:
Affection (linguistics), in Celtic linguistics, the fronting of vowels in the main syllable of a word
Affection (Lisa Stansfield album), 1989
Affection (Jody Watley album), 1995
"Affection" (song), a 1995 song from the Jody Watley album
Affection (Kumi Koda album), 2002
A song from The All-American Rejects' album Kids in the Street, 2012
Affection (1966 film), a 1966 Hong Kong film
Affection (film), a 1972 Bulgarian film
Affectionate (EP), an EP by Venetian Snares
Doctrine of the affections, esthetic theory of the Baroque era
See also
Affect (disambiguation)
Infection (disambiguation)
Megapenthes lugens is a species of primarily European click beetle. The adult is black, narrow and long. The larvae feed on weevil larvae in the decaying trunks of beech and elm. In July 2010, the common name "queen's executioner beetle" was proposed following a competition.
Description
Adults of Megapenthes lugens grow to a length of , with a broad pronotum (the dorsal sclerites of the anterior segment of the thorax). The beetle's antennae extend marginally beyond the posterior of the pronotum when laid across the dorsal sclerites. The whole beetle is black in colour. The elytra gradually taper, and bear pronounced longitudinal rows of scored markings.
Ecology
Megapenthes lugens, whilst in larval form, is associated with hollow, decaying trunks of beech and elm trees. It is believed that they feed on the larvae of other beetles. The beetle is understood to be omnivorous; its larvae preying on the larvae of weevils of the subfamily Cossoninae, whilst imagines consume nectar from a wide range of flowers. Pupation occurs in the autumn, and the resulting imago overwinters within the pupal case, emerging in the spring.
Distribution
Megapenthes lugens has a wide distribution across Europe, extending into the Caucasus and North Africa.
The species is endangered in the United Kingdom, where it is believed to be restricted to Windsor Great Park. Older records show it was also found in Epping Forest and the New Forest, with 19th-century records for Surrey, Norfolk and Middlesex. Additional, isolated records document a presence in Gloucestershire and Hampshire.
Common name
On 21 June 2010, The Guardian, in collaboration with Natural England and the Oxford University Museum of Natural History, launched a competition by which the general public would be asked to construct common names reflecting the appearance, natural history and location – including humour or cultural references where applicable – of ten British species previously known uniquely by their Latin names. This competition was to mark the 2010 International Year of Biodiversity, and originated from an article in the Comment is Free section of the Guardian website guardian.co.uk, published on 15 March 2010 by prominent British environmentalist and Guardian columnist George Monbiot. That article exhorted bodies such as Natural England to form just such a competition, stating that the venture would raise awareness of, and potentially aid in the conservation of, Britain's least-known fauna. The results were announced on 16 July 2010, with the competition's judges declaring that the "new identity for Megapenthes lugens reflects location, character and appearance". The common name's creator, in a statement accompanying his entry, gave the following rationale for his choice of name: "I've gone with this for the link to Windsor and the royals. The executioner is to represent that it kills (and eats) the larvae of others and also links to its black colour (the hood of an executioner is traditionally black)." The names of the ten successful entrants are to be placed on permanent display in the museum.
References
Elateridae
Beetles of Europe
Beetles described in 1842
Heinrich Otto Abetz (26 March 1903 – 5 May 1958) was the German ambassador to Vichy France during the Second World War and a convicted war criminal. In July 1949 he was sentenced to twenty years' hard labour by a Paris military tribunal, he was released in April 1954 and died in a car accident four years later.
Early years
Abetz was born in Schwetzingen on 26 March 1903. He was the son of an estate manager, who died when Otto was only 13. Abetz matriculated in Karlsruhe, where he became an art teacher at a girls' school.
He would eventually join the Hitler Youth where he became a close friend of Joachim von Ribbentrop. He was also one of the founders of the Reichsbanner, the paramilitary arm of the Social Democrats, and was associated with groups such as the Black Front, a group of dissident National Socialists associated with Otto Strasser.
Abetz cultivated a legacy of strengthening Franco-German relations. Interested in French culture at an early age, in his twenties he started a Franco-German cultural group for youths, along with Jean Luchaire, known as the Sohlberg Congress. The group brought together a hundred German and French youth of all professions, social classes, political leanings, and religious affiliation. The group held their first conference in the Black Forest, and were frequently convened around ski slopes, campfires, and in hostels. The group maintained relations with the media through Luchaire's connection to the Notre Temps, and Abetz started the Sohlberg Circle (Sohlbergkreis). In 1934 the Sohlberg Circle was reborn as the Franco-German Committee (Comité France-Allemagne), which included Pierre Drieu la Rochelle and Jacques Benoist-Mechin.
An ardent Francophile, Abetz married Luchaire's French secretary, Susanne de Bruyker, in 1932. His politics were leftist, and he was known as a pacifist who bridged differences with fascists.
National Socialist period
Abetz "pledged his support" for the NSDAP in 1931 and formally joined in 1937, the year he applied for the German Foreign Service. From 1938, he was representing Germany in Paris. There, he joined masonic lodge Goethe in 1939.
Abetz attended the Munich Conference in 1938. He was expelled from France in June 1939 following allegations he had bribed two French newspaper editors to write pro-German articles; his expulsion created a scandal in France when it emerged that the wife of the French Foreign Minister Georges Bonnet was a close friend of the two editors, which led to much lurid speculation in the French press that Bonnet had received bribes from Abetz, though no firm evidence has ever emerged to support the rumors.
He was present in Adolf Hitler's entourage at the fall of Warsaw, and served as a translator for the German Führer. He returned to France in June 1940 following the German occupation and was assigned by Joachim von Ribbentrop to the embassy in Paris.
Following Hitler's June 30 directive, Abetz was assigned by Ribbentrop the project of "safeguarding" all objects of art, public, private, and especially Jewish-owned. Abetz embarked on the job with enthusiasm and announced to the Wehrmacht that the embassy had been "charged with the seizure of French works of art... and with the listing and seizure of works owned by Jews." On 17 September 1940 Hitler allowed Einsatzstab Rosenberg into the game too and soon pushed Abetz out of the confiscation business. The Pétain government protested Abetz's undertakings in late October, but nothing could stop the German agencies. By the end of October so much material had accumulated at the Louvre that it was decided more space was needed.
Ambassador to Vichy France
In November 1940 Abetz was appointed to the German Embassy in Paris, in occupied France, at the age of 37 – a post he held until July 1944. He was also head of the French fifth columnists through Ribbentrop's special unit within the Foreign Service.
He advised the German military administration in Paris and was responsible for dealings with the French Government now based at Vichy. In May 1941, he negotiated the Paris Protocols to expand German access to French military facilities.
Otto Abetz was one of the few German functionaries who admired and respected von Ribbentrop. His primary objective was to secure complete collaboration from the French, through negotiations with Laval and Admiral Darlan. Abetz's function eventually evolved into becoming the catalyst for society, the arts, industry, education, and above all, propaganda. He assembled a team of journalists and academics. In addition to running the German embassy in Paris, Abetz acquired the Château de Chantilly in the countryside. He often entertained guests in both these places, living and working like a self-styled autocrat. One of the guests, the French writer Louis-Ferdinand Céline, jokingly referred to him as "King Otto I", and France as "the Kingdom of Otto".
The Embassy was theoretically responsible for all political questions in occupied France, which included SD operations, and for advising the German police and military. Abetz advised the military, the Gestapo and the SD, who nevertheless did not heed his advice. As the official representative of the German Government with the honorary rank of SS-Standartenführer (Colonel), he sought to seize the initiative as much as possible. In 1940 he created the German Institute, to be headed by Karl Epting, which was intended to improve French-German relations by offering a taste of German culture to the French people. Thirty thousand people signed up for the Institute's German language courses, but far more popular were the concerts which featured Germany's best musicians, including Herbert von Karajan and the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra.
Following the occupation of all France on 11 November 1942, von Ribbentrop's influence became minimal as all of France was run by German military authorities, in conjunction with military police. A NSDAP Reichskommissariat of Belgien-Nordfrankreich held sway in several northern departments. Abetz was helpless to aid von Ribbentrop in Paris and von Ribbentrop recalled him in November following the occupation of all France. Abetz felt that he was in disfavour, although he did not understand why. He saw neither Hitler nor von Ribbentrop for a full year. He was consulted only once, on the formation of the French volunteer Waffen-SS unit Charlemagne. In his memoirs, Abetz assumed that he was considered "too francophile" and that his constant warnings about the loss of the French fleet and the loss of the French North Africa colonies were a thorn in the side of von Ribbentrop, particularly once they turned out to be correct. The scuttling of the French fleet in Toulon on 27 November had ensured that the French would not join the Axis.
He left France in September 1944 as the German armies withdrew, this despite claiming to Swedish ambassador Raoul Nordling on the seventh of the previous month that the Germans had neither killed political prisoners nor were making any plans to leave Paris.
Trial, conviction and death
Abetz was arrested by Allied authorities in the Schwarzwald in October 1945. In the announcement of his arrest in France Soir, he was quoted as saying that Adolf Hitler was not dead, but had escaped to Argentina. A French court sentenced Abetz to 20 years' imprisonment for crimes against humanity, particularly his role in arranging the deportation of French Jews from Drancy internment camp to the extermination camps. He was released from Loos prison on 17 April 1954.
He died on 5 May 1958, on the Cologne-Ruhr autobahn, burned to death in an accident, when something went wrong with his speeding car near Langenfeld. His death may have been a revenge killing for his role in the Holocaust.
Relatives
A great-nephew, Eric Abetz, is an Australian conservative and a Liberal Party former member of the Australian Senate, and was at one time a cabinet minister in the government of Tony Abbott. One of Eric's brothers, another great-nephew, the Reverend Peter Abetz, was a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, also representing the Liberal Party. Eric Abetz has publicly distanced himself from his Nazi relative.
See also
List SS-Brigadeführer
References
Sources
Further reading
Martin Mauthner (2016). Otto Abetz and His Paris Acolytes: French Writers Who Flirted with Fascism, 1930–1945. UK: Sussex Academic Press.
External links
1903 births
1958 deaths
Ambassadors of Germany to France
Nazi Party politicians
People of Vichy France
SS-Brigadeführer
Holocaust perpetrators in France
German people convicted of crimes against humanity
Road incident deaths in Germany
Gary Northfield is a British cartoonist, most famous for his Derek the Sheep comic strip published in DC Thomson's The Beano and BeanoMAX.
Northfield graduated from Harrow College University of Westminster with a degree in Illustration in 1992. He joined the British small press comics community in 1999, creating various titles such as Great!, Little Box of Comics and Stupidmonsters. In 2002, he acquired the position of in-house illustrator at Eaglemoss Publications, where he worked for five years on projects such as Horrible Histories Magazine, Horrible Science Magazine and The Magical World of Roald Dahl.
Derek the Sheep began appearing in The Beano from February 2004, and is unique in that it is The Beanos first and only creator-owned character. A collection of early Derek the Sheep stories was published by Bloomsbury Publishing in September 2008 and in France by Actes Sud/Editions De L'an2, reprinting the first thirteen strips in The Beano.
In 2008, Northfield illustrated the comic strip Pinky's Crackpot Circus for The Dandy, and wrote and drew World's Greatest Heroes for National Geographic Kids. In 2009, he created Little Cutie for The DFC. In 2012 his strip Gary's Garden began appearing regularly in the weekly comic, The Phoenix, with the first year's worth of strips collected in the book The Phoenix Presents - Gary's Garden: Book 1. In 2016, he returned to The Beano with the strip Zooella.
He also illustrated the children's books Henry VIII Has To Choose and Sleeping Beauty: 100 Years Later, for Franklin Watts.
In 2013, Walker Books published The Terrible Tales Of The Teenytinysaurs, a collection of never-before published strips.
Northfield's first children's novel and international best seller Julius Zebra: Rumble with the Romans!, was published by Walker books in March 2015. His subsequent books in the series are: Julius Zebra: Battle with the Britons!, Julius Zebra: Entangled with the Egyptians!, with the next installment Julius Zebra: Grapple with the Greeks! published in October 2018. His first joke book, Julius Zebra Joke Book Jamboree! was published in June 2019.
In 2017, Northfield alongside his partner, established a new children's comic book publisher, Bog Eyed Books.
Books
Derek the Sheep (2008) — Bloomsbury Publishing
Henry VIII Has To Choose with Julia Jarman (2009) — Franklin Watts
Sleeping Beauty: 100 Years Later with Laura North (2010) — Franklin Watts
The Terrible Tales of the Teenytinysaurs (2013) — Walker Books
The Phoenix Presents - Gary's Garden: Book 1 (2014) — David Fickling Books
Julius Zebra - Rumble With The Romans! (2015) — Walker Books
Julius Zebra - Battle With The Britons! (2016) — Walker Books
Julius Zebra - Entangled with the Egyptians (2017) - Walker Books
Julius Zebra - Grapple with the Greeks! (2018) — Walker Books
Julius Zebra - Joke Book Jamboree! (2019) - Walker Books
List of published comics
Derek the Sheep (2004-2011) — The Beano and BeanoMAX
Life of Roald Dahl with Glenn Dakin (2006-2008) — The Magical World of Roald Dahl
Pinky's Crackpot Circus (2008) — The Dandy
Little Cutie (2008-2009) — The DFC
World's Greatest Heroes (2008-2010) and Max the Mouse (2010–present) — National Geographic Kids
Gary's Garden (2012–present) — The Phoenix
Zoo-Ella (2016) — The Beano
References
External links
Northfield's website
United Agent's profile
British comics writers
British comics artists
Living people
The Dandy people
The Beano people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Marija Tonković, married Pavićević, (born 23 November 1959) is a former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1959 births
Living people
Basketball players from Rijeka
Serbs of Croatia
Yugoslav women's basketball players
Serbian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
ŽKK Voždovac players
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Centers (basketball)
Mieke ("Mickey") Suys (born 15 February 1968 in Ghent) is an athlete from Belgium who competes in triathlon. Suys competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She did not finish the competition.
Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics, Suys competed again. Her time of 2:09:12.57 placed her twenty-second in the event.
References
Profile
1968 births
Living people
Belgian female triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Belgium
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Ghent
Universal Records was an American country music record label. Established in 1988 by Jimmy Bowen, it was merged into Capitol Records Nashville in 1989.
History
Record producer Jimmy Bowen established the Universal label in December 1988. It was distributed by MCA Nashville, and featured its own team of producers, promotion, and artists and repertoire (A&R). The label's roster at foundation consisted of Joe Barnhill, Lacy J. Dalton, Larry Gatlin and the Gatlin Brothers, Joni Harms, Tim Malchak, Scott McQuaig, Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, Carl Perkins, Eddie Rabbitt, Eddy Raven, and Roger Whittaker. Dalton's Survivor was issued in January 1989 as the label's inaugural album. Nitty Gritty Dirt Band also issued Will the Circle Be Unbroken: Volume Two through the label.
In July 1989, Bowen announced that Universal would be the first Nashville label not to issue phonograph records. A September 1989 article in Billboard described the label as "fledgling" and noted that projects by John Anderson, Wild Rose, and other artists had been delayed.
Bowen dissolved the Universal label in December 1989, and its entire roster was merged into Capitol Records Nashville when Bowen assumed presidency of that division.
References
American country music record labels
Record labels established in 1988
Record labels disestablished in 1989
Defunct record labels of the United States
The 2013 season is FC Seoul's 30th season in the K League Classic.
Pre-season
In Guam: From 7 January 2013 to 26 January 2013
In Kagoshima, Japan: From 3 February 2013 to 17 February 2013
Pre-season match results
Competitions
Overview
K League Classic
League table
FA Cup
AFC Champions League
Group stage
Knockout stage
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Match reports and match highlights
Fixtures and Results at FC Seoul Official Website
Season statistics
K League Classic records
All competitions record
Attendance records
Season total attendance is K League Classic, FA Cup, AFC Champions League in the aggregate and friendly match attendance is not included.
Squad statistics
Goals
Assists
Coaching staff
Players
Team roster
All players registered for the 2013 season are listed.
(In)
(Out)
(Out)
(Conscripted)
(Discharged)
(Out)
(Out)
Out on loan & military service
Choi Won-Wook was not registered 2013 season
In : Transferred from other teams in the middle of season.
Out : Transferred to other teams in the middle of season.
Discharged : Transferred from Sangju Sangmu and Police FC for military service in the middle of season. (Registered in 2013 season)
Conscripted : Transferred to Sangju Sangmu and Police FC for military service after end of season.
Transfers
In
Rookie Draft & Free Agent
(Univ.) means player who go to university then back to FC Seoul.
(After Univ.) means player who is joined FC Seoul after entering university.
Out
Loan & Military service
Tactics
Tactical analysis
Starting eleven and formation
This section shows the most used players for each position considering a 4–3–3 or 4-2-3-1 formation.
Substitutes
See also
FC Seoul
References
FC Seoul 2013 Matchday Magazines
External links
FC Seoul Official Website
FC Seoul seasons
Seoul
Merthyr Plymouth Street railway station was a station that served the town of Merthyr Tydfil, Wales on the Taff Vale Railway. The station opened in 1841 as the original station until the completion of the nearby Merthyr High Street station was opened on the Vale of Neath Railway. The station at Plymouth Street closed in 1877 to passengers which were diverted to the High Street station. Plymouth Street continued to be used for goods traffic until the 1960s when the line between Merthyr Tydfil and Bargoed station was closed. The viaduct was demolished and the site of Plymouth Street station is now occupied by Plymouth Court.
References
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1841
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1877
1881 establishments in Wales
1965 disestablishments in Wales
Disused railway stations in Merthyr Tydfil County Borough
KVLF may refer to:
KVLF (AM), a radio station (1240 AM) licensed to serve Alpine, Texas, United States
KVLF-TV, a defunct television station (channel 12) formerly licensed to serve Alpine, Texas
Eriopithex ishigakiensis is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found on the Ryukyu Islands.
References
Moths described in 1971
Eupitheciini
Moths of Japan
Red Lights is the debut studio album by British band Milestones, released on February 23, 2018 on Fearless Records.
Background
On January 26, 2018, the band released the lead single "Paranoid" and announced the album title and release date.
The band was inspired by Panic! at the Disco during the recording of the album.
Track listing
All tracks written by Milestones.
Bittersweetheart (3:21)
Once Upon a Time (3:15)
Paranoid (3:11)
Against the World (4:02)
Eighteen (3:24)
Liar (3:09)
Hold On (4:23)
End Game (2:57)
This is My Life (4:25)
Counting Cars (3:47)
Forever or Never (3:54)
Personnel
Matt Clarke - lead vocals
Drew Procter - lead guitar
Mark Threlfall - bass guitar
Eden Leviston - rhythm guitar
References
External links
Red Lights at YouTube (streamed copy where licensed)
2018 albums
Fearless Records albums
Kerala Science and Technology Museum is an autonomous institution established by Government of Kerala, India, in 1984, as a center for popularisation of science and scientific temper among the general public, especially among the young generation. The institution is in the heart of Thiruvananthapuram city, in Kerala. The Priyadarsini Planetarium is attached to the museum, functioning since 1994.
References
External links
1984 establishments in Kerala
Science museums in India
Science centres in India
Organisations based in Thiruvananthapuram
Museums in Thiruvananthapuram
Science and technology in Kerala
Museums established in 1984
Syczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Pennsylvania's state elections were held November 6, 2007. Necessary primary elections were held on May 15, 2007
Justice of the Supreme Court
Judge of the Superior Court
Justice of the Supreme Court retention
Judge of the Superior Court retention
Judge of the Commonwealth Court retention
References
2007 Pennsylvania elections
Pennsylvania
Two Tickets to London is a 1943 drama film made by Universal Pictures, and directed by Edwin L. Marin. The screenplay was written by Tom Reed, based on story by Roy William Neill. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Alan Curtis.
Premise
A U.S. naval officer is found guilty for treason, but escapes with the help of a café entertainer.
Cast
Michèle Morgan as Jeanne
Alan Curtis as First Mate Dan Driscoll
C. Aubrey Smith as Admiralty Detective Fairchild
Barry Fitzgerald as Captain McCardle
Dooley Wilson as Accordionist
Robert Warwick as Ormsby
Matthew Boulton as Brighton
Tarquin Olivier as Roddy, Jeanne's son
Oscar O'Shea as Mr. Tinkle
Mary Gordon as Mrs. Tinkle
Holmes Herbert as Kilgallen
Mary Forbes as Dame Dunne Hartley
Marie De Becker as Barmaid (uncredited)
Critical reception
Allmovie wrote "Too expensive for a B"-picture, yet not quite an A, Two Tickets to London is an acceptable vehicle for French leading lady Michele Morgan and Universal contract player Alan Curtis;" while TV Guide called it "A standard programmer," and rated it 2/5 stars.
References
External links
1943 films
American drama films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Films directed by Edwin L. Marin
Films set in England
Universal Pictures films
World War II films made in wartime
Films scored by Frank Skinner
1943 drama films
Tabula rasa ("blank slate") is a philosophical concept.
Tabula Rasa may also refer to:
Television
"Tabula Rasa" (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)
"Tabula Rasa" (Heroes)
"Tabula Rasa" (Lost)
"Tabula Rasa" (Stargate Atlantis)
"Tabula Rasa," a Criminal Minds episode
"Tabula Rasa," a Justice League episode
"Tabula Rasa," a Law & Order episode
Tabula Rasa (TV series) a Dutch-language television show
Music
Tabula Rasā, a collaborative album featuring Béla Fleck, Vishwa Mohan Bhatt, and Jie-Bing Chen
Tabula Rasa (Bloodbound album)
Tabula Rasa (Brymo album)
Tabula Rasa (Einstürzende Neubauten album)
Tabula Rasa (Arvo Pärt), piece for Two Violins, string orchestra and prepared piano.
Tabula Rasa (Finnish band), a Finnish rock group
Tabula Rasa (Pittsburgh band), an American post-hardcore math-rock band
"Tabula Rasa", a song by Covenant on the 1996 album Sequencer
"Tabula Rasa", a 1998 song by Freundeskreis
"Tabula Rasa", a song by Sinch on their 2002 album Sinch
"Tabula Rasa", a song by Björk on the 2017 album Utopia
III: Tabula Rasa or Death and the Seven Pillars, a 2013 album by The Devil's Blood
"Tabula Rasa", a song by Earl Sweatshirt on the 2021 album Sick!
Literature
Tabula Rasa, a 2010 novel by Nathan Shaham
Gaming
Tabula Rasa (video game)
An area in the video game Star Trek: New Worlds
See also
Blank pad rule, a legal rule
Blank cheque
Carte blanche (disambiguation)
Gerhard Tötschinger (26 June 1946 – 10 August 2016) was an Austrian actor, director, and writer.
Tötschinger grew up in Vienna and studied theater and art history after gymnasium. He began his theatrical career in the 1960s, appearing in plays in Austria, Germany, and Switzerland. In the 1970s, the actor first appeared as a director. He organized the "Fest in Hellbrunn" in Salzburg, the Festival "Arteuropa" in Todi and the Sommerspiele Perchtoldsdorf. Tötschinger wrote numerous books on the history of Austria, the Habsburgs and Franz Liszt. He ran for the Landtag in 2010 on the ÖVP ticket. In 2012 he received the Buchpreis der Wiener Wirtschaft. In 2015 he received the Goldenes Verdienstzeichen des Landes Wien.
He suffered a serious fall in 2009 and had his left foot amputated. He died of a pulmonary embolism on 10 August 2016. He was vacationing in St. Gilgen with his partner, Christiane Hörbiger, whom he planned to soon marry.
References
External links
1946 births
2016 deaths
Austrian male film actors
Male actors from Vienna
20th-century Austrian male actors
Deaths from pulmonary embolism
François Adrien Juvanon (born 13 August 1875 at La Balme, now La Balme-les-Grottes, France) was a colonial administrator in various colonies of the French Colonial Empire.
Titles held
References
1875 births
French colonial governors and administrators
Governors of French India
Year of death missing
Lepidonectes corallicola, known commonly as the Galapagos triplefin blenny, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Lepidonectes. It was described by William Converse Kendall and Lewis Radcliffe in 1912. This species is endemic to the Galapagos Islands. It occurs on rocky slopes and harbour walls where the males hold territories in the breeding season, November to February. These territories are in diameter and the males court females who lay the eggs in his territory and then departs. The male continues to court additional females while guarding the previous female's egg mass from predators. They can be found down to .
References
External links
Galapagos triplefin
Taxa named by William Converse Kendall
Taxa named by Lewis Radcliffe
Fish described in 1912
West Indian iguana may refer to:
The Lesser Antillean Iguana (Iguana delicatissima)
Members of the genus Cyclura, more commonly called rock iguanas.
Animal common name disambiguation pages
"Turn Out the Night" is a new wave and synthpop song by Amy Holland from the soundtrack for the film Scarface.
Song information
The song sampled "Flashdance... What a Feeling" and was written by Pete Bellotte while the music was composed by Giorgio Moroder. When the song was released on the soundtrack, it was accidentally misprinted as Turn Out The Light and the correction to the song's title, but was not corrected, leading up to many people thinking the song is called Turn Out The Light but the correct title is Turn Out The Night and it can be proven by the song's lyrics: Turn Out The Night, I can be strong as long as there's daylight. While most of the songs from the Scarface soundtrack were put into Grand Theft Auto III, "Turn Out The Night" was not. Amy Holland also recorded another song for the Scarface soundtrack "She's On Fire" which did end up on the soundtrack for Grand Theft Auto III. The song is played in the scene where Tony Montana and his friend Manny Ribera arrive at the Babylon Club only to see that Tony's sister Gina is dancing with her boyfriend Fernando.
1983 songs
Amy Holland songs
Scarface (1983 film)
Song recordings produced by Giorgio Moroder
MCA Records singles
Songs written by Pete Bellotte
Songs written by Giorgio Moroder
Richard Bowker CBE (born 1966) is the former chairman of UK Athletics and independent director of the English Football League. He is a former chief executive of National Express and Etihad Railway and former chairman and chief executive of the Strategic Rail Authority. He attended Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School, Blackburn, read economics at Leicester University, and played as a professional session pianist for a year. Bowker is a chartered management accountant and was a non-executive director of British Waterways and of the London Marathon. In the 2004 New Year's Honours List, he was appointed a CBE.
In 1989 he joined the London Underground as a graduate finance trainee; in the course of this work, he was credited with the launch of a new leasing system for trains in 1997. Bowker was appointed co-chairman of Virgin Rail Group in 1999 and commercial director of the Virgin Group in 2000. He also founded the transport consultancy Quasar Associated.
In 2001 he was appointed chairman and chief executive of the Strategic Rail Authority. In 2006, he was appointed chief executive of National Express Group. From 2009 to 2012 he acted as chief executive of Etihad Railway in the United Arab Emirates.
In 2012 he was appointed as the second ever independent non-executive director of the English Football League. In 2017 he replaced Ed Warner as chairman of UK Athletics. Less than two years later he resigned ahead of a vote of no confidence.
References
British businesspeople
1966 births
Living people
People educated at Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School, Blackburn
British people in rail transport
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Arne Claesson (born 5 April 1957) is a Swedish water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1957 births
Living people
Swedish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Sweden
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Stockholm
Mark Duane Wagner (born March 4, 1954) is a retired Major League Baseball infielder. He played with the Detroit Tigers, Texas Rangers, and Oakland Athletics between 1976 and 1984.
Wagner was born in 1954 in Conneaut, Ohio. He attended Harbor High School in Ashtabula, Ohio.
He was drafted by the Detroit Tigers in the 1972 amateur draft and played for the Tigers shortstop from 1976 to 1980. In December 1980, he was traded to the Texas Rangers in exchange for Kevin Saucier. He played with the Rangers from 1981 to 1983. In April 1984, he signed as a free agent with the Oakland Athletics. He appeared in his final major league game on September 30, 1984, with Oakland. On August 20, 1984, he also pitched the final 1 innings against the Detroit Tigers, giving up two hits and no runs in a 14-1 loss.
Over nine seasons in the major leagues, Wagner played in 414 games and had a .243 batting average, 205 hits, 81 runs scored, 71 RBIs, 61 walks, 20 doubles, 12 RBIs, nine triples and three home runs.
References
External links
, or Retrosheet
Venezuelan Winter League
1954 births
Living people
Baseball players from Ohio
Bristol Tigers players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Clinton Pilots players
Detroit Tigers players
Evansville Triplets players
Lakeland Tigers players
Major League Baseball shortstops
Minor league baseball managers
Navegantes del Magallanes players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Oakland Athletics players
People from Conneaut, Ohio
Sun City Rays players
Tacoma Tigers players
Texas Rangers players
West Palm Beach Tropics players
Nurlan Djambululy Kapparov (, Nūrlan Djambulūly Qapparov; 30 March 1970 – 26 March 2015) was a Kazakh politician and businessman who served as a Minister of Environment Protection and Minister of Environment and Water from 20 January 2012 to 6 August 2014. Before his death, Kapparov was the chairman of the Board of Kazatomprom.
Biography
Early life and education
Kapparov was born in the city of Alma-Ata (now Almaty). He graduated from the Republican Physics and Mathematics School. Until 7th grade, he studied in the Village School 120. From 1987 to 1991, Kapparov studied at the Al-Farabi Kazakh National University. In 2003, he earned a degree as engineer economist and masters in public administration from the Harvard Kennedy School.
Career
While studying, Kapparov served in the Soviet Army from 1987 to 1989. In 1991, Kapparov he founded the company Accept and from 1997 to 1999, he was the chief executive of the national company KazTransOil and oil and gas company Kazakhoil.
In 1999, Kapparov became a Vice Minister for Energy, Industry and Mineral Resources and in 2001, as Vice Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources.
On 20 January 2012, Kapparov was appointed as Minister of Environment Protection. After the Ministry was reorganized on 11 November 2013, he became the Minister of Environment and Water and served the post until it was abolished on 6 August 2014. Kapparov then became the chairman of the Board of Kazatomprom.
Death
Kapparov died unexpectedly on 26 March 2015 in Beijing from a heart attack.
References
1970 births
2015 deaths
People from Almaty
Kazakhstani businesspeople
Government ministers of Kazakhstan
Al-Farabi Kazakh National University alumni
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
This is a list of low-power television stations (LPTV) in the United States, transmitting on VHF channel 6, which operate as radio stations capable of being picked up by standard FM receivers. These stations are colloquially known as "Franken FMs", a reference to Frankenstein's monster, because TV stations functioning as radio stations had not been envisioned by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). The FCC commonly refers to these stations as "FM6" operations.
First devised in 2002, until July 14, 2021 most of these stations employed the original NTSC-M analog TV transmission standard. However, as of that date the FCC required that all TV stations that had not received a waiver had to cease analog transmissions, which meant that only the stations using a specially modified version of the ATSC 3.0 "NextGenTV" digital standard could still be received by standard FM radios.
Background
These stations transmit an analog FM signal centered at 87.75 MHz, designated by receiver and station marketing as "87.7 FM". This is just below the lowest FM band frequency of 87.9 MHz, thus receivable by most consumer radios. Although primarily functioning as radio stations, they are formally licensed as TV stations, thus are still required to provide some sort of video signal in order to comply with FCC regulations. However the type of TV programming is not specified, and low-power TV stations are exempt from educational and informational programming mandates and are thus — unlike full-power and Class A TV stations — not required to provide three hours of educational children's programming per week.
While operating using analog transmissions, television video commonly consisted of minimal offerings, such as still frames, test patterns, automated weather conditions and news, or silent films. Audio for both television and FM reception was identical. (TV signals potentially could have carried separate audio through their Second audio program (SAP) feeds, although none did so as of 2019.) With digital transmissions, audio for TV and radio reception is sent separately.
The existence of largely unregulated commercial radio stations at 87.7 MHz, adjacent to the 87.9 to 91.9 FM frequencies reserved for non-commercial operations, has led to requests that the FCC either eliminate, or formally regulate, these stations. In a October 2014 review, the FCC requested comments on "whether to allow LPTV stations on digital television channel 6 (82-88 MHz) to operate analog FM radio-type services on an ancillary or supplementary basis pursuant to section 73.624(c) of the rules". In 2015 the commission further stated that: "We intend to issue a decision on whether to permit digital LPTV stations to operate analog FM radio type services on an ancillary or supplementary basis at a later date." On December 4, 2019 the FCC issued a Public Notice that solicited additional public comments, in preparation for the July 13, 2021 deadline for all LPTV stations to switch from analog to digital transmissions. However, the commission never made a formal decision about the status of these stations.
On May 17, 2022 Jessica Rosenworcel, head FCC commissioner, announced that one of the agenda items for an upcoming FCC Open Meeting, "Preserving Local Radio Programming (MB Docket No. 03-185)", "will consider a proposal to allow these broadcasters to continue their existing FM6 radio service, provided that they meet certain conditions, including interference protection and the provision of a synchronous TV service to consumers." However, this agenda item was dropped as being no longer needed, due to the June 6, 2022 adoption of a "Fifth Notice of Proposed Rulemaking" for MB Docket No. 03-185, which requested additional public comments about the best use of the frequencies assigned to TV channel 6.
Analog TV transmissions
Under the original NTSC-M analog standards, a TV station's audio and video components are broadcast separately, with the audio transmitted as an FM signal. In 1945, TV channel 6 was assigned use of 82-88 MHz, with the channel's audio located at a center frequency of 87.75 MHz. That same year the standard FM broadcasting band was reassigned to 80 channels from 88.1–105.9 MHz, which was soon expanded to 100 channels ending at 107.9 MHz (channels 201-300). One additional FM channel, at 87.9 MHz (channel 200), was added in 1978.
The location of TV channel 6's audio just below the FM band meant that many consumer FM radios could readily pick up the sound from channel 6 stations. Full-power stations sometimes promoted this as a valuable feature for commuters and in emergency situations, although the primary audience remained TV viewers. A few specialty "TV Sound" receivers were sold that could pick up audio from the VHF band TV stations, which were sometimes marketed to office workers who wanted to listen to their favorite daytime TV programs. Also, some Japanese and Soviet receivers could tune further down the VHF low band, making it possible to receive audio from VHF channel 5 at 81.75 MHz using Japanese band receivers that tuned to 76 MHz, while Soviet OIRT band receivers included audio reception of VHF channels 4 (71.75 MHz) and 3 (65.75 MHz).
In 1982, licensing began of a new classification of "Low Power Television" stations (LPTV). Eventually a small number of channel 6 LPTV stations determined it was more profitable to operate as de facto radio stations, although this had not been anticipated by the FCC. On August 1, 2002 KZND-LP, a channel 6 LPTV station in Anchorage, Alaska, began promoting itself as a musical format radio station on 87.7 MHz. Competing local conventional radio stations quickly challenged this as a misuse of a TV station authorization, but the FCC determined that as long as KZNP transmitted sufficient visual features, which did not have to be coordinated with the sound, the station was in compliance with regulations. Moreover, as a TV station it was exempt from having to follow any radio station rules. In early 2008 Monitoring Times magazine reported the existence of three channel 6 de facto radio stations in addition to KZND: KSFV-LP in Los Angeles; K06NC in Kauai, Hawaii; and WNYZ-LP in New York City. A Radio World review later that year identified a total of eight ongoing examples. In late 2019, InsideRadio identified 28 active stations.
With the mandatory 2009 digital television transition in the United States, full power TV stations were required to switch from analog to ATSC 1.0 digital transmissions. This meant that their audio could no longer be picked up by FM radios, as the ATSC 1.0 format is incompatible with both FM's analog and digital in-band on-channel HD Radio standards.
A switchover to digital transmissions was not immediately required for low power TV stations, and some channel 6 stations retained their analog transmitters in order to function primarily as radio stations. The FCC notified these stations that eventually all low power TV stations would be required to convert to digital transmissions, which, after a series of extensions, was finally set for July 13, 2021. On July 6, 2021 an FCC Public Notice reiterated that "After 11:59 p.m. local time on July 13, 2021, LPTV/translator stations may no longer operate any facility in analog mode and all analog licenses shall automatically cancel at that time, without any affirmative action by the Commission." (A waiver, delaying the required change until January 10, 2022, was issued for 15 Alaska translators, but a low-power Alaska station broadcasting on channel 6, KNIK-LP in Anchorage, was not included in this waiver.)
The prohibition of analog transmissions resulted in the elimination of an estimated 28 de facto radio operations, although some of these stations eventually returned after installing upgraded ATSC 3.0 transmitters.
Digital TV transmissions
Attempts to have analog FM signals coexist with the original ATSC 1.0 digital standards proved unsuccessful. In 2009 WRGB, a full-power channel 6 station in Schenectady, New York, was ordered by the FCC to cease experimentation. In 2012 Venture Technologies Group, which owns several channel 6 low power TV stations in major markets, applied to install modified versions of the ATSC 1.0 standard in order to add an FM signal for channel 6 LPTV stations KFMP-LP in Lubbock, Texas and WBPA-LP in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. However, the FCC denied this request, stating that, among other deficiencies, this "proposal is likely to increase the interference potential to co-channel DTV operations".
A newer, and currently optional, digital TV transmission standard, "NEXTGEN TV" ATSC 3.0, was determined to have more potential, and Venture Technologies developed a revised approach for allowing an analog FM audio subcarrier to coexist with an ATSC 3.0 digital TV signal. The company cited the FCC rules, which provides that "DTV broadcast stations are permitted to offer services of any nature, consistent with the public interest, convenience, and necessity, on an ancillary or supplementary basis", and in general affords broadcasters broad permission "to offer services of any nature" as long as they "do not derogate DTV broadcast stations' obligations" to transmit at least one over-the-air video program signal at no direct charge to viewers, a distinction that Venture says allows a digital television signal to incorporate an FM analog subcarrier.
The basic ATSC 3.0 standard specifies a full 6 MHz channel for the digital signal, but running a hybrid DTV/FM service reduces the DTV transmission bandwidth slightly, shifting the center frequency of the digital signal about 160 kHz below the channel center. To ensure the analog FM signal does not interfere with the ATSC 3.0 DTV signal, a modified combiner and filtering system must be used prior to feeding the broadcast signals to the antenna.
Venture's KBKF-LD in San Jose, California began transmitting an FM subcarrier using the ATSC 3.0 TV standard in February 2021. On June 10, 2021, the FCC issued a six month Special Temporary Authority (STA) grant allowing KBKF-LD to include analog FM broadcasts on 87.75 MHz using this dual transmission approach. A second Venture station, WRME-LD in Chicago, was also provisionally authorized to use the new standard, until January 10, 2022.
STA applications for ATSC 3.0/FM operation by KXDP-LD in Denver, WMTO-LD in Norfolk, Virginia and WTBS-LD in Atlanta were approved July 16, 2021, for the period through January 15, 2022. On July 27, 2021 an STA was issued for KZNO-LD in Big Bear Lake, California, expiring on January 27, 2022.
As of May 18, 2022, the FCC's Media Bureau stated that there were currently 13 "FM6 operators... providing service pursuant to engineering STA".
Stations currently authorized using a modified ATSC 3.0 standard
The following channel 6 TV stations are authorized to use versions of the ATSC 3.0 digital TV standard that includes an FM analog signal that can be received on standard radios at 87.7 FM. The eventual legal and technical status of these stations is subject to FCC review.
California
KEFM-LD Sacramento
KRPE-LD San Diego
KBKF-LD San Jose
KZNO-LD Big Bear Lake
Colorado
KXDP-LD Denver
Florida
WEYS-LD Miami
Georgia
WTBS-LD Atlanta
Illinois
WRME-LD Chicago
Maryland
WOWZ-LD Salisbury
Nevada
KGHD-LD Las Vegas
New York
WNYZ-LD New York City
Tennessee
WPGF-LD Memphis
Texas
KZFW-LD Dallas
KBFW-LD Arlington (broadcasting audio at 87.9 FM)
KFLZ-LD San Antonio (broadcasting audio at 87.9 FM)
Virginia
WDCN-LD Fairfax
WMTO-LD Norfolk (simulcast on WXTG-FM)
LPTV stations that transmitted FM radio programming using the analog standard prior to July 14, 2021
The following channel 6 low power TV stations previously included radio-style programming on an FM analog signal centered on 87.75 MHz when broadcasting using the NTSC-M analog TV standard:
Alaska
KNIK-LP Anchorage
California
KLOA-LP Antelope Valley
KNNN-LP Redding
KRPE-LP San Diego
KUHD-LP Ventura
KZNO-LP Big Bear Lake
KBKF-LP San Jose (switched to digital in February 2021)
Colorado
KXDP-LP Denver
Florida
WEYS-LP Miami
Georgia
WTBS-LP Atlanta
Illinois
WRME-LP Chicago
Louisiana
KXKW-LP Lafayette
Maryland
WOWZ-LP Salisbury
Mississippi
WJMF-LP Jackson
Nevada
KGHD-LP Las Vegas
New York
WVOA-LP Syracuse
WXXW-LP Binghamton
Texas
KFLZ-LP San Antonio
KZFW-LP Dallas
KJIB-LP Houston
KJIB broadcast audio at 87.89 MHz because of interference from other channel 6 low-power stations. The station was licensed only to channel 5, and its license surrendered in 2014, but a local church has tried to modify the terms of license to allow its operation. The FCC in 2018 submitted a Notice of Unlicensed Operation to the station.
KIPS-LD in Beaumont
Virginia
WMTO-LP Norfolk (simulcast on WXTG-FM)
WDCN-LP Fairfax
Wyoming
KSHW-LP Sheridan
See also
FM broadcasting in the United States
87.7 FM
87.8 FM
Pulse 87
References
06 radio
Channel 6
Lists of radio stations in the United States
Elevator is a 1979 rock album by the Bay City Rollers. Having replaced longtime lead singer Les McKeown with Duncan Faure, the group shortened their name to simply The Rollers, and pursued a more rocking, power-pop sound than their previous work.
The album, released by Arista, was critically acclaimed but poorly received commercially. Neither the album itself nor any single releases would hit the charts.
The album was reissued on CD in 2008, with no bonus cuts however.
Music
Dave Thompson of AllMusic wrote that the album featured a hard rock, AOR direction. Billboard felt the music was reminiscent of 1965-66 era Beatles, with Trouser Press even comparing the album to the Beatles' Rubber Soul (1965).
Critical reception
AllMusic gave the album four stars out of five.
Track listing
Side One
"Stoned Houses #1" (Faulkner, Wood, Faure)
"Elevator" (Faulkner, Faure, Wood)
"Playing in a Rock and Roll Band" (Faure, Tom Seufurt)
"Hello & Welcome Home" (Faulkner, Faure)
"I Was Eleven" (Faure)
"Stoned Houses #2" (Faulkner)
Side Two
"Turn on the Radio" (Faulkner, Faure, Wood, Alan Longmuir)
"Instant Relay" (Faulkner)
"Tomorrow's Just a Day Away" (Faulkner, Wood)
"Who'll Be My Keeper" (Faure)
"Back on the Road Again" (Faulkner, Faure, Wood, Alan Longmuir)
"Washington's Birthday" (Wood, Faulkner, Faure)
Personnel
Group members
Eric Faulkner – Guitar, acoustic guitar, vocals, lead vocal on "Playing in a Rock & Roll Band"
Duncan Faure – Lead vocals, piano, moog, guitars
Alan Longmuir – Guitar, bass, vocals, string machine
Derek Longmuir – Drums, percussion
Stuart "Woody" Wood – Bass, piano, moog, string machine, clavinet, vocals, lead vocal on "Tomorrow's Just A Day Away"
Other personnel
Peter Ker – producer
Rod Thear – engineer
Gary Gray – mixing engineer
John Naslen – mixing engineer
References
Bay City Rollers albums
1979 albums
Arista Records albums
Carlos Chávez (1899–1978), Mexican composer, conductor and educator.
Carlos Chávez may also refer to:
Carlos Chávez (footballer) (born 1984), Colombian footballer
Carlos Chávez (weightlifter) (1928-2006), Panamanian Olympic weightlifter
Carlos Manuel Chávez (born 1931), cardiovascular and thoracic surgeon
Carlos Chávez (football administrator) (1958–2018), head of the Bolivian Football Federation
Carlos Bonilla Chávez (1923–2010), Ecuadorian classical guitar player
Carlos Chávez (tennis) (born 1963), Guatemalan tennis player
Harry Lancelot Dossor (14 May 19163 December 2005) was a British-born classical music concert pianist and teacher who emigrated to Australia in May 1953.
Biography
Harry Lancelot Dossor was born on 14 May 1916 in Weston-super-Mare, United Kingdom, the third child of a jeweller who was also a distinguished amateur tenor. Dossor was educated at Seaford College and matriculated at the University of London. In 1932 he obtained an open scholarship to the Royal College of Music, where he studied piano with Herbert Fryer and composition with Herbert Howells.
In 1936 Dossor was awarded the Medal of the Worshipful Company of Musicians, given only every three years to the most outstanding student. He won the 1936 Franz Liszt Prize at the Vienna International Piano Competition, and in the following year the Sonata Prize and overall Fourth Prize in the III International Chopin Piano Competition in 1937. In 1938 he was awarded fourth prize in the Ysaye Competition in Belgium - the first three places going to Emil Gilels, Moura Lympany and Yakov Flier.
He later recounted the tale that, while he was still a student, he obtained entry to a rehearsal of one of Sergei Rachmaninoff's concerts in London. He was introduced to Rachmaninoff afterwards by the British pianist Cyril Smith as "... a very promising young pianist who has recently been successful in the Chopin prize." Rachmaninoff responded in his heavy Russian accent "Ah, but who were the judges?"
During the Second World War, from 1939, Dossor served in the Royal Artillery in the Middle East, Italy and Germany, where, because of health problems, he was transferred to Entertainments National Service Association (ENSA) to help provide concerts of classical music for the services. In November 1940 he married Diana Levinson, a harpist, who had been a fellow student at the Royal College of Music.
After leaving military service in 1946, he became a member of the Royal College of Music's teaching staff. He resumed his performance career (solo recitals, concertos and chamber music) playing with various British Orchestras under the batons of Sir John Barbirolli, Sir Adrian Boult, Sir Malcolm Sargent, Rafael Kubelík and Nikolai Malko. He was a soloist for the Royal Philharmonic Society, the Henry Wood Promenade Concerts and, in 1950, he was invited to Israel for ten performances of the Brahms' Second Piano Concerto with the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra. In 1947 he replaced Dinu Lipatti, who had been taken ill prior to his first London concert.
In May 1953 Dossor accepted an initial three-year appointment as principal teacher of piano at the Elder Conservatorium of Music, University of Adelaide, by which time he and Diana had two children. He remained at the conservatorium until his retirement in 1979. Dossor was known in Australia as a soloist and also in chamber music, including an 18-year partnership with expatriate British cellist, James Whitehead. Together with the violinist, Ladislav Jasek, they also performed as the Elder Trio. Dossor performed in a piano duo with Romola Costantino and served as president of the Adelaide Branch of the Australian Society for Keyboard Music.
His refined sense of colour was used to exquisite effect in his performances of Chopin, while his affinity with the Russian repertoire was revealed in his greatly admired performances of Rachmaninoff. His impact on the musical life of Australia, and Adelaide in particular, was considerable, both through his performances and his numerous students. He was associated with all the Australian state orchestras and took part in festivals in Sydney, Melbourne, Perth and Adelaide.
He did not leave many recordings, as he felt that a recording was only how he had performed on a particular day, and not necessarily the best performance that he could give. The Australian Broadcasting Corporation recorded a number of his concert broadcasts, but few were issued on record.
Lance Dossor had very decided ideas on music. He loved Schubert and Brahms, but had no patience with Bruckner. His ideal composer was Bach. He said "If I had to make do with only one composer for the rest of my life, it would have to be Bach. His works are pure music". In 2003, the University of Adelaide gave him a Distinguished Alumni award "in recognition of his outstanding contribution to the university and to his profession as performing artist and teacher."
Although officially retired, Lance Dossor carried on teaching part-time and occasionally performing until 1999, when increasing deafness forced him to give up. He died on 3 December 2005 in Adelaide, at the age of 89. He was survived by Diana (née Levinson) Dossor and their three children.
References
External links
"The Fryderyk Chopin Institute"
"Pianist recognised as distinguished alumni" at adelaide.edu.au
Australian classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Australian music educators
British music educators
English classical pianists
English emigrants to Australia
People educated at Seaford College
People from Weston-super-Mare
Piano pedagogues
Prize-winners of the International Chopin Piano Competition
Prize-winners of the Queen Elisabeth Competition
1916 births
2005 deaths
20th-century classical pianists
20th-century British male musicians
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Artillery personnel
Howard Simpson Fahey (June 24, 1892 – October 24, 1971) was an American Major League Baseball infielder. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season. He attended Dartmouth College.
References
Major League Baseball infielders
Philadelphia Athletics players
Baseball players from Massachusetts
Fresno Packers players
Los Angeles Angels (minor league) players
Lynn Fighters players
Lowell Grays players
Sportspeople from Medford, Massachusetts
Dartmouth College alumni
1892 births
1971 deaths
The 1999–2000 Women's National Cricket League season was the fourth season of the Women's National Cricket League, the women's domestic limited overs cricket competition in Australia. The tournament started on 30 October 1999 and finished on 18 December 1999. Defending champions New South Wales Breakers won the tournament for the fourth time after topping the ladder at the conclusion of the group stage and beating Western Fury by two games to zero in the finals series.
Ladder
Fixtures
1st final
2nd final
References
Women's National Cricket League seasons
Women's National Cricket League
Park Cha-Keun (born July 18, 1966) is a South Korean sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, he was eliminated in the repechages of the K-2 1000 m event.
External links
Sports-Reference.com profile
1966 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of South Korea
South Korean male canoeists
Asian Games medalists in canoeing
Canoeists at the 1990 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
The Greek Maratos Brothers' have built a small number of vehicles in Thessaloniki. These include a rather innovative motorcycle in 1950, as well as two light three wheeler types.
The Maratos family spread throughout Greece and some now live in Victoria in Australia.
References
Michalis Arvanitopoulos, 'History of Motorcycles in Greece', published in the Greek 'MOTO' magazine (1994 issues).
L.S. Skartsis, "Greek Vehicle & Machine Manufacturers 1800 to present: A Pictorial History", Marathon (2012) (eBook)
Motorcycle manufacturers of Greece
Christopher Stephen Clark (born 29 August 1979) is a British electronic musician, performing under the mononym Clark. He has produced music for his own albums, as well as music for television, films and video games, having composed scores for award-winning contemporary dance and BAFTA nominated TV series. His records have been released by Warp Records, Deutsche Grammophon and his own label Throttle Records.
History
Clark was born Christopher Stephen Clark in 1979 in St Albans, Hertfordshire, England, where he grew up and attended St Albans School. He started making music as a teenager, and also began experimenting with building his own primitive equipment, including a "home-built stylus made out of a hook and some masking tape". He went on to attend Bristol University. As a student, his music teacher told him that if Clark were to buy a drum machine, he would give up all hope in Clark's musical ability. Whilst still a student, Clark first impressed staff at Warp Records playing under the moniker Chris From St Albans at their Nesh party in December 2000. He was subsequently signed to Warp, and as Chris Clark released his debut album Clarence Park in April 2001. Clark then moved to Brighton, followed by Birmingham where he stayed for some time, during which he collaborated with Broadcast on a reinterpretation of his track "Herr Barr" and other unreleased material. He currently splits his time between Brighton and Melbourne. With the 2006 release of Throttle Furniture, he shortened his artist name to Clark. His music has been played on BBC Radio 6 Music by Shaun Keaveny, Lauren Laverne and Tom Ravenscroft. He also recorded a mix for Ravenscroft, described by the presenter as "just about the best ever done for the show".
More recently, Clark has focused on score work for film and TV, pursuing it alongside studio albums "because you get options to record with more musicians when you score and I found that was a nice thing to have running alongside the solo work".
Clark has a longstanding creative collaboration with award-winning dance choreographer Melanie Lane, beginning in 2010 with the dance performance/installation Tilted Fawn which later won the 'Dance & Physical Theatre Award' at the Fringe World Awards 2012.
Style
Clark's music is generally considered falling under the genre of electronic music, although Clark himself finds this label ambiguous and describes Turning Dragon as a "techno album". He often experiments with forms of degradation, distortion and decay associated with different mediums, employing techniques such as re-recording samples and field-recordings in different environments. Describing such processing, he has said "What I tend to do is just jam stuff through as many boxes as I can, until everything sort of bleeds into itself and all its surrounding parts". Clark plays the drums, and some of his material, especially Body Riddle features recordings of his drumming, often heavily re-sampled.
Live
On describing his live set Clark states "If you see me play, my hands are all over the place – literally I'm doing every single thing. Everything that happens on stage is being played and created live. It's very interactive. So in that respect, it is very much based on live instrumentation." His set has in the past included a live drummer.
Clark has played a Boiler Room session, played the Berlin club Berghain and the Pritzker Pavilion in Chicago. Festival appearances have included Bang Face, Sónar Tokyo, Sacrum Profanum and Taico Club.
In December 2013 he premiered his live show Phosphor in London.
Videos
Notable music videos for Clark's work include Lynn Fox's video for "Gob Coitus", 1stavemachine's video for "Ted" (selected by Pitchfork as one of the top 50 music videos of 2007), James Healy's video for "Herr Barr", The Vikings' video for "Black Stone", Christopher Hewitt's videos for "Winter Linn" and "To Live And Die in Grantham", and "Peak Magnetic" directed and produced by Sander Houtkruijer.
The video for "Lambent Rag" (2021) was directed and choreographed by frequent collaborator Melanie Lane.
Australian artist Jonathan Zawada expanded the cover art for Playground in a Lake into a music video for "Citrus".
Commissions
Art
Clark contributed music, along with fellow Warp artist Jamie Lidell to a giant interactive projection show at Saatchi & Saatchi's New Director Showcase in 2011.
Clark collaborated with Brighton based artist collective Blast Theory in 2011 on a piece entitled Fixing Point. The piece was an interactive audio walk with music by Clark and deals with the legacy of the conflict in Northern Ireland, in particular the disappearance of Seamus Ruddy. He worked again with the collective on a piece for the Aichi Triennale, contributing his track Black Stone for use in the work.
Dance
During the summer of 2010, he scored a contemporary dance piece titled 'Tilted Fawn' that was performed by Melanie Lane at the Sydney Opera House. The pair also collaborated on a 2013 performance installation Shrine, which trod "the line between dance performance and sculptural installation" and was centred on ideas of ritual and ceremony. They have also worked together on the project Held, which "explores the relationship between memory and the architecture of space that we live in".
Film
The track The Pining Pt.2 from Iradelphic was featured in the 2013 film Elysium. The track Vengeance Drools was used in a domestic violence awareness advertising campaign by Women's Aid, which starred Keira Knightley. In 2019 Clark scored the film Daniel Isn't Real, a psychological horror film directed by Adam Egypt Mortimer. The score features a Budapest Art Orchestra string ensemble, with Headphone Commute describing it as "textural, organic, and incredibly dynamic". The OST was released as an album by Deutsche Grammophon later in 2019.
TV
In 2015 Clark scored the six-part TV series The Last Panthers starring Samantha Morton, John Hurt and Tahar Rahim, broadcast in Europe by Sky Atlantic and Canal+. In 2017, Clark scored the BBC1 crime drama Rellik, describing the composition as an "elastic, versatile music fabric that I could weave into the series at will". In 2018, Clark scored the minimal, a cappella voice dominated Channel 4/Hulu soundtrack for the mini-series, Kiri. This was followed in June 2021 by the scoring of Lisey's Story, an 8-part miniseries adaptation of Stephen King's novel of the same name. Premiered on Apple TV+, Clark was asked to compose the score by director Pablo Larraín after having heard the Daniel Isn't Real soundtrack.
Clark's original television soundtracks have later been released as standalone records of the same names.
Video games
Clark contributed an unreleased track, "Alice", to the OST for the game Sleeping Dogs. He also contributed to the soundtrack of Driveclub.
The song Winter Linn was added to Watch Dogs 2's soundtrack.
Albums
Clarence Park was Clark's first release and debut full-length album, released on Warp Records in April 2001 under the artist name Chris Clark. The album was named after Clarence Park, a public park in his home city of St Albans.
Empty the Bones of You was Clark's second full-length, released on Warp Records in September 2003 under the artist name Chris Clark. Reviews noted that Clark had developed a more mature and distinctive voice, and The Mlik Factory described it as "consistent, mature and bloody captivating".
Body Riddle was released on Warp Records in October 2006. The album marked a change in style for Clark, and featured the prominent use of live instrumentation, albeit highly processed. It was well received by critics, with Pitchfork giving it 8.5/10 and Almost Cool giving it 8/10.
Clark's fourth full-length album, Turning Dragon, found Clark exploring a less organic and more mechanised sound, with Pitchfork declaring that it "takes a detour from Clark's ultimate goal of meshing man and machine into one seamless, clattering bundle" and "[it] finds the robots taking the upper hand". The album fared well with critics, with Pitchfork awarding it 8.2/10 and Resident Advisor giving it 4/5. It was released on Warp Records in March 2008.
Totems Flare was released on Warp Records in July 2009.
Iradelphic was released on Warp Records in April 2012. The album was described by The Quietus as "less ethereal, more compact and cohesive" than earlier work. Clark himself commented "Iradelphic is some of the most heartfelt stuff I've ever done, and even though a lot of it is years old, it still really resonates with me."
Feast/Beast was released on Warp Records in September 2013. It predominantly features Clark's remixes of other artists' tracks, amongst them Nathan Fake, Battles, Nils Frahm and Letherette, but also features some reworks of Clark's tracks by other artists.
His self-titled seventh studio album, Clark, was released on 3 November 2014 on Warp Records. The Last Panthers was released on Warp Records in March 2016. Death Peak was released on Warp Records in April 2017. Kiri Variations was released on 26 July 2019, via Throttle Records. Daniel Isn't Real was released on 3 December 2019, via Deutsche Grammophon.
Discography
Albums
Clarence Park (Warp, 2001)*
Empty the Bones of You (Warp, 2003)*
Body Riddle (Warp, 2006)
Turning Dragon (Warp, 2008)
Totems Flare (Warp, 2009)
Iradelphic (Warp, 2012)
Feast / Beast (Remix Compilation Album, 2013)
Clark (Warp, 2014)
The Last Panthers (Warp, 2016)
Death Peak (Warp, 2017)
Kiri Variations (Throttle Records, 2019)[51]
Daniel Isn't Real (Deutsche Grammophon, 2019)
Playground in a Lake (Deutsche Grammophon, 2021)
EPs and singles
Ceramics Is The Bomb (2001)*
Throttle Furniture (2006)
Throttle Clarence (2006)
Ted E.P. (2007)
Throttle Promoter (2007)
Growls Garden (2009)
Willenhall / Baskerville Grinch (2011), a Record Store Day split 12" with Bibio
Fantasm Planes (2012)
Superscope (2014)
Flame Rave (2015)
The Last Panthers (2016)
A Badman Sound / Heath Town / Inf Inf Inf Inf (2016), a Record Store Day split 12" with Mark Pritchard and Bibio
Bobbie Caris / Idle Withdrawal (2017), a split 12" with Com Truise
Rellik EP (2017)
Honey Badger / Pig (2017)
E.C.S.T. T.R.A.X. (2018)
Branding Problem (2019)
Small (2021)
Forever Chemicals / Lambent Rag (2021)
*originally released as Chris Clark.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
English electronic musicians
Intelligent dance musicians
Remixers
Musicians from St Albans
Warp (record label) artists
Deutsche Grammophon artists
Musicians from Hertfordshire
Cleggan Bay () is a natural ocean bay in County Galway, Republic of Ireland.
Geography
Cleggan Bay is opened between Cleggan Head (on its north side) and Rossadilsk strand, in the Aughrus Peninsula (south). On the western side of the bay are located Inishbofin and Inishark islands.
History
Near Cleggan bay is a collection of prehistoric monuments (tombs, standing stones and walls); quite well known among them is the Cleggan Court tomb, on the north side of the bay.
In October 1927, in what became known as the Cleggan Bay Disaster, 26 local fishermen drowned during a storm in Cleggan Bay. A nearby village lost several people and was subsequently abandoned. Nine men from Inishbofin and other men from County Mayo were also lost.<ref>{{cite web | title=Exceptional weather events | publisher=The Irish Meteorological Service Online | url=http://www.met.ie/climate-ireland/weather-events/Oct1927_storm.pdf | website=www.met.ie | accessdate=2015-03-28 | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20111103162734/http://www.met.ie/climate-ireland/weather-events/Oct1927_storm.pdf | archive-date=2011-11-03 | url-status=dead }}</ref> The disaster is remembered in stories, poems and on stone markers.
Transport
Cleggan is reached by R379 road. From Cleggan pier, built in 1822 and extended in 1908, ferries leave daily for Inishbofin (Galway), and there is also a ferry to Inishturk.
Hiking
On the north side of the bay the Cleggan Head walk allow hikers to visit the area and crossing some private properties.
Cleggan bay is also concerned by the Mayo to Clare'' section of the Wild Atlantic Way.
See also
Wild Atlantic Way
References
External links
Bays of County Galway
Badacsonytomaj () is a village in the Hungarian county of Veszprém with 2,341 inhabitants, as of 2011. It is located at the eastern foot of the volcanic Badacsony hill along the Lake Balaton in Hungary.
The greatest sight in the village is that of the hill itself, with its spectacular 60−70 m high basalt organs. The region around the town is well known for its high quality Hungarian wines.
The town's name was recently used in a viral promotion by Sony to promote a new feature in their PlayStation 3 Home Service. The viral campaign consisted of billboards being placed around Europe with various letters on them. Players had to piece together the letters and use the resulting word as a code.
As a municipality, it includes the smaller villages of Badacsonyörs and Badacsony as well as the town center of Badacsonytomaj.
In the 19th and 20th centuries, a small Jewish community lived in the village, in 1910 56 Jews lived in the village, most of whom were murdered in the Holocaust. The community had a Jewish cemetery.
Demography
The majority ethnic group in the village is Hungarian (97.34%), followed by German (2.04%). The majority of residents are Roman Catholic (55.15%), 9% have no religion (6.19%). A significant number of residents' religions' are not known.
References
External links
Home page
Street map
Laposa.hu
Populated places in Veszprém County
Jewish communities destroyed in the Holocaust
The Vickery Street Historic District in Lavonia, Georgia is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included 34 contributing buildings.
It includes about four blocks on both sides of Vickery Street and one building on Thomas Street, mostly single-family wood-framed houses. Also included are two churches, one commercial building, and a house built of decorative concrete blocks. The most elaborate is the Queen Anne-style Knox-Maret-Tribble-Roberts Residence, at Vickery and Rainbow Drive. It has a three-story tower with fish-scale shingles and a conical roof, bargeboards, and a porch with decorative elements.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Franklin County, Georgia
Secret Empire may refer to:
Secret Empire (organization), an evil organization in Marvel Comics
Secret Empire (comics), a Marvel Comics storyline
"The Secret Empire", an episode of the TV series Cliffhangers
Roztoka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 104.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Mark O. Hatfield Library is the main library at Willamette University in Salem, Oregon, United States. Opened in 1986, it is a member of the Orbis Cascade Alliance along with several library lending networks, and is a designated Federal depository library. Willamette's original library was established in 1844, two years after the school was founded. The library was housed in Waller Hall before moving to its own building (now Smullin Hall) in 1938.
Two stories tall, the library contains over 350,000 volumes overall in its collections, and includes the school's archives. Designed by MDWR Architects, the red-brick building has glass edifices on two sides and a clocktower outside the main entrance. The building also includes a 24-hour study area, private study rooms, and a classroom. The academic library is named in honor of former Senator Mark O. Hatfield, a 1943 graduate of Willamette and former member of the faculty.
History
Founded in 1844, Willamette University's library was started two years after the establishment of the school. The library grew to a size of 2,500 volumes in 1874. University Hall (now Waller Hall), which was built in 1867, was one of the homes of the library in the early years. The library was located on the third floor of the building. The early name for the institution was the Willamette University Library, which by 1901 was a free, general library with both circulating and reference collections. That year the library collection had grown to 4,686 volumes, along with a total of 2,753 pamphlets.
By 1909 the school library had 6,000 books valued at $3,500 and Ray D. Fisher was librarian. During November of that year the library received new furniture as Eaton Hall opened, and many departments were moved to it from Waller Hall. The library was re-cataloged in 1912 by Lucia Haley, a specialist from New York City hired by the school for this task. At that time the librarian was Dr. Lyle. Plans at this time called for constructing a building where the Art Building now stands to serve as a memorial to the pioneers of the university. This was to be the future home of the library, but the building was never built. In 1913, the librarian was Mary Field, and the collection was still about 6,000 volumes. Field was replaced the following year by Fannie J. Elliot.
On December 17, 1919, a fire gutted Waller Hall, the home of the library. The school rebuilt the interior of the hall, with construction beginning in February 1920. The library was moved to the second floor of the rebuilt structure and reopened in December 1920. At that time William E. Kirk was the librarian and the facility had a capacity of 100 people. By 1922 the collection had grown to 16,000 volumes, and F. G. Franklin served as the school's librarian.
In 1937, construction began on a new concrete and brick-faced building to house the library. Completed in 1938, the building housed a collection that grew to 35,000 volumes in 1940. Now known as Smullin Hall, the library building was designed by architect Pietro Belluschi in the Georgian style of architecture. In 1965, the school received a $450,000 loan from the federal government for the library. Congressman Al Ullman worked to secure status as a Federal Depository Library in the late 1960s, with status conferred in 1969. In 1980, Willamette began a multi-year fund raising campaign intended to raise funds to renovate academic halls and build a new library, with $18 million total raised during the funding drive. At the time the library held a collection of 143,000 volumes.
Plans for a new library to be named in honor of alumnus and former faculty member Mark Hatfield were announced in the spring of 1985. Originally estimated to cost $6.8 million, groundbreaking was on April 13, 1985, with Hatfield in attendance. On September 4, 1986, the new library building was dedicated in a ceremony featuring Hatfield, then Senator Bob Packwood, and then Librarian of Congress Daniel J. Boorstin. Then school president Jerry E. Hudson presided over the ceremony that had over 700 people in attendance.
All funds for the $7.4 million library came from private donors that numbered over 1,300 companies, individuals, or non-profit organizations. Large donations came from the Fred Meyer Charitable Trust, the M. J. Murdock Charitable Trust, and The Collins Foundation. Construction was a part of a broader plan to open up the southern portion of the campus after railroad tracks were removed in 1981 and the Mill Race re-routed and landscaped.
The library lost a rare book in 1999 when a vandal used a razorblade to cut out the 30 pages of The Old Days in and Near Salem, Oregon. A limited edition art book, a replacement was donated to the school by the Oregon State Library. In 2002, the library received a $500,000 grant from the Meyer Memorial Trust for the library's archives department.
Building
Located in the middle of Willamette's campus along the Mill Race, the Hatfield library was built in 1986 with the design by Theodore Wofford of MDWR Architects in St. Louis, Missouri. The building is two stories tall and has a total of . Architectural plans allow for the addition of a third floor to the structure.
The library is a modern looking rectangular structure with orange brick and clear glass which is adjacent to Glenn Jackson Plaza and Hudson's Bay, with the Mill Race flowing by on the north side. The north and south faces are clear glass, while the other two sides are brick. The exterior walls taper slightly outward on the brick sides of the building. Bricks on these sides were laid horizontally, while the overhanging roofline contains bricks that were laid vertically. A glass-enclosed stairwell and the main entrance near the northwest corner are the only parts that jut out from the primarily rectangular building.
Inside, the Hatfield Library contains a 24-hour study area, private study rooms, a classroom, the university's archives, and listening rooms. On the main floor is the circulation desk, reference section, and work stations, among others. The building also holds a formal reception area, the Mark O. Hatfield Room, and the Hatfield archives that contain the former Senator's papers, both located on the second floor. Interior space was left mainly open to allow for flexibility with the evolving needs and technology of the library. Artist Dean Larson painted the portrait of Hatfield that hangs in the library.
Outside the library is a tall steel and brick clock tower. The tower has one clock face on each of the four sides, a copper roof, and glass running down each side towards the 18 ton base. The glass consists of vertical panels created by taking strips of bent glass and weaving them together. There are inscriptions of various quotes in the exposed portions of the concrete on the tower. Lawrence Halperin was responsible for the landscaping designs of the library.
Operations
Hatfield Library is the main library on Willamette's campus, with the law school's library as the only other library at the school. The director of the library is Craig Milberg, who heads a staff of 18 employees, of which 10 are librarian. Regular circulation transactions totaled 14,158 in 2015, with an additional 1,923 in reference requests.
Collections
The library contains over 390,000 volumes, more than 317,000 titles, and over 1,400 journal subscriptions. These collections include periodicals, books, newspapers, microforms, sound recordings, videos, government documents, CD-ROMS, and musical scores. As of 2006, this includes 365,609 volumes of books, past issues of periodicals, and other printed sources; 11,508 items in the audio visual collection; 5,147 subscriptions to periodicals; and 337,918 microforms. The library also offers access to electronic sources through FirstSearch, RLIN, OCLC, EPIC, and DIALOG among others. Additionally, university publications such as the yearbook (The Wallulah), the student newspaper (Willamette Collegian), school catalogs, the Willamette Journal of the Liberal Arts, and the Willamette Scene among others, are collected by the library.
Hatfield Library is a member of Orbis Cascade Alliance (Summit) and the Northwest Association of Private Colleges and Universities (NAPCU) lending networks. These networks allow students to borrow additional materials from other member libraries and institutions from around the Pacific Northwest.
Hatfield Library also contains the Mark O. Hatfield Archives containing the papers, memorabilia, and books of the former United States Senator and Willamette alumni. The papers include those from his time in the Oregon legislature through his time in the Senate and after leaving the Senate. Hatfield's personal library is part of the regular library catalog, however the books are non-circulating. The rest of the collection is not open to the public, as Hatfield's archives will not become accessible until 20 years after his death. The library also contains the university's archives on the second floor. The climate-controlled archives are housed in a area that includes offices for staff, including the school's official archivist.
Willamette's library was designated as a Federal Depository Library in 1969. It serves as the library for the 5th Congressional District population. The library selects around 20% of the documents available with areas of concentration in earth sciences, education, history, politics, economics, health, accounting, business, government, public policy, human resources, and others. Additionally, the university selects major items from the Census Bureau, Bureau of Labor Statistics, the office of the President, and Congress. Other materials come from the Smithsonian Institution, the Small Business Administration, the Department of State, and the Department of Education to list a few.
Namesake
The Mark O. Hatfield Library is named for the former Senator and Governor of Oregon, Mark Odom Hatfield. Hatfield was born west of Salem in Dallas, Oregon, in 1922 and graduated from Salem High School in 1940. He graduated from Willamette University in 1943 and joined the U.S. Navy to fight in World War II. After the war Hatfield obtained a graduate degree from Stanford University before returning to Willamette as a professor and then as a dean. During this time he also served in Oregon's legislature before becoming Oregon Secretary of State, and then in 1958 he was elected as Oregon's governor. In 1966, he was elected to the United States Senate and served there until his retirement in 1997. He died in 2011.
References
External links
1844 establishments in Oregon Country
Culture of Salem, Oregon
Federal depository libraries
Libraries established in 1844
Libraries in Oregon
Library buildings completed in 1986
University and college academic libraries in the United States
Willamette University buildings
The Canton Giants was the final name of a minor league baseball team that represented Canton, Ohio between 1905 and 1915. In 1905 Canton fielded a team called the Canton Protectives which a charter member of Ohio–Pennsylvania League. On July 10, 1905, the Fort Wayne Railroaders relocated to Canton for the remainder of their season to form the Canton Red Stockings of the Central League. The team remained in the Central League for the next two seasons and were renamed the Canton Chinamen, in a name play on Canton, China. The city returned to the Ohio–Pennsylvania League Canton Watchmakers. In 1910 and 1911, the club was renamed the Canton Deubers. The team name changed once again as the club rejoined the Central League in 1912 to the Canton Statesmen. The following year the club joined the Interstate League as the Canton Senators. After not fielding a team in 1914, the club played in 1915 as the Canton Giants in the Buckeye League. Team disbanded June 11, 1915 and the league folded after the season. Canton would not have another professional team until the Canton Terriers began play in 1928.
Year-by-year record
External links
Baseball Reference Canton, Ohio
Baseball teams established in 1905
Baseball teams disestablished in 1915
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Sports in Canton, Ohio
1905 establishments in Ohio
1915 disestablishments in Ohio
Defunct baseball teams in Ohio
Buckeye League teams
The 1934 Southwestern Louisiana Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented the Southwestern Louisiana Institute of Liberal and Technical Learning (now known as the University of Louisiana at Lafayette) in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association during the 1934 college football season. In their fourth year under head coach Truman F. Wilbanks, the team compiled a 5–4 record.
Schedule
References
Southwestern Louisiana
Louisiana Ragin' Cajuns football seasons
Southwestern Louisiana Bulldogs football
Bathgate railway station is a railway station close to the site of Bathgate Middle Junction, constructed as part of the Airdrie-Bathgate Rail Link
Bathgate railway station may also refer to one of these closed stations in Bathgate, Scotland:
Bathgate railway station (1986)
Bathgate Upper railway station on the Edinburgh and Bathgate Railway
Bathgate Lower railway station on the Bathgate Branch of the Monkland Railways
Zsolt Kovács (born 11 November 1962) is a Hungarian biathlete. He competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Biathlon results
All results are sourced from the International Biathlon Union.
Olympic Games
World Championships
*During Olympic seasons competitions are only held for those events not included in the Olympic program.
References
1962 births
Living people
Hungarian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Hungary
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Skiers from Budapest
Einar Østby (17 September 1935 – 3 April 2022) was a Norwegian cross-country skier who competed during the early 1960s. He earned a silver in the 4 × 10 km relay at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley and also finished fifth in the 15 km event as well. Østby also won a bronze medal in the 15 km event at the 1962 Nordic skiing World Championships.
Østby was born in Vinger on 17 September 1935. He was also an able long distance runner. His personal best times were 14:46.2 minutes in the 5000 metres, achieved in July 1959 at Bislett stadion, and 31:01.2 minutes in the 10,000 metres, achieved in August 1962 in Drammen. He represented the club Jaren IL.
Østby died on 3 April 2022, at the age of 86.
Cross-country skiing results
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).
Olympic Games
1 medal – (1 silver)
World Championships
1 medal – (1 bronze)
References
External links
1935 births
2022 deaths
Norwegian male cross-country skiers
Olympic cross-country skiers of Norway
Olympic silver medalists for Norway
Cross-country skiers at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
Norwegian male long-distance runners
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Kongsvinger
Liberal Catholicism was a current of thought within the Catholic Church. It was influential in the 19th century and the first half of the 20th, especially in France. It is largely identified with French political theorists such as Felicité Robert de Lamennais, Henri Lacordaire, and Charles Forbes René de Montalembert influenced, in part, by a similar contemporaneous movement in Belgium.
Being predominantly political in nature, liberal Catholicism was distinct from the contemporary theological movement of modernism. It is also distinct from both the attitude of Catholics who are described as theologically "progressive" or "liberal".
Definition
Liberal Catholicism has been defined as "in essence a trend among sincere Catholics to exalt freedom as a primary value and to draw from this consequences in social, political, and religious life, seeking to reconcile the principles on which Christian France was founded with those that derived from the French Revolution". The phrase was used to describe the currents of thought and action that arose in the wake of Napoleon's remaking of Europe, and the restoration of traditional monarchies.
History
Belgium
The National Congress of Belgium, an alliance between Catholics and secular liberals on the basis of mutually recognized rights and freedoms, adopted in 1831 a constitution that enshrined several of the freedoms for which liberal Catholicism campaigned. The Congress Column in Brussels, erected in honour of the congress, has at its base four bronze statues that represent the four basic freedoms enshrined in the constitution: freedom of religion, freedom of association, education and freedom of the press. These four freedoms are also reflected in the names of the four streets that lead to the Place de la Liberté/Vrijheidsplein (Freedom Square) of Brussels: the Rue des Cultes/Eredienststraat (Religion Street), the Rue de l'Association/Verenigingsstraat (Association Street), the Rue de l'Enseignement/Onderrichtstraat (Education Street) and the Rue de la Presse/Drukpersstraat (Press Street). The constitution adopted almost all of Lamennais's proposals for the separation of church and state, granting the Catholic Church independence in church appointments and public activities, and almost complete supervision of Catholic education.
J.P.T Bury suggests that Lamennais and his associates found inspiration in a Belgian Liberal Catholic movement centered in Malines and led by Archbishop de Méan's vicar-general, Engelbert Sterckx. Largely Catholic Belgium seceded from the Netherlands in 1830 and established a constitutional monarchy. Sterckx, who became archbishop in 1832 found a way not merely to tolerate the new liberal constitution, but to expand the Church under the new liberties guaranteed.
At a noted Catholic congress in Malines, Belgium in 1863, Montalembert gave two long addresses on Catholic Liberalism, including "A Free Church in a Free State"..”
France
The movement of liberal Catholicism was initiated in France by Hugues Felicité Robert de Lamennais with the support of Jean-Baptiste Henri Lacordaire, Charles Forbes René de Montalembert and Olympe-Philippe Gerbet, Bishop of Perpignan, while a parallel movement arose in Belgium, led by François Antoine Marie Constantin de Méan et de Beaurieux, Archbishop of Mechelen, and his vicar general Engelbert Sterckx.
Lamennais founded the newspaper L'Ami de l'Ordre (precursor of today's L'Avenir), the first issue of which appeared on 16 October 1830, with the motto "God and Liberty". The paper was aggressively democratic, demanding rights of local administration, an enlarged suffrage, separation of church and state, universal freedom of conscience, freedom of education, freedom of assembly, and freedom of the press. Styles of worship were to be criticized, improved or abolished in absolute submission to the spiritual, not to the temporal authority.
On 7 December 1830, the editors articulated their demands as follows:
With the help of Montalembert, Lammenais founded the , which became a far-reaching organization with agents throughout France who monitored violations of religious freedom. As a result, the periodical's career was stormy and its circulation opposed by conservative bishops. In response, Lamennais, Montalembert and Lacordaire suspended their work and in November 1831 set out to Rome to obtain the approval of Pope Gregory XVI. Archbishop Quelen of Paris had warned Lammenais that he was being unrealistic and was viewed as a demagogue in favor of revolution. As Quelen was a Gallican, Lammenais ignored him.
Although pressured by the French government and the French hierarchy, Pope Gregory XVI would have preferred not to make an official issue of the matter. After much opposition, they gained an audience on 15 March 1832 only on condition that their political views should not be mentioned. The meeting was apparently cordial and uneventful. Prince Metternich, whose Austrian troops ensured the stability of the Papal States, pressed for a condemnation. The Pope's advisors were convinced that if he said nothing, it would view that he did not disapprove of Lamennais's opinions. Mirari vos was issued the following August, criticizing Lamennais's views without mentioning him by name.
After this, Lamennais and his two lieutenants declared that out of deference to the pope they would not resume the publication of L'Avenir and dissolved the Agence générale as well. Lamennais soon distanced himself from the Catholic Church, which was a blow to the credibility of the liberal Catholic movement, and the other two moderated their tone, but still campaigned for liberty of religious education and liberty of association.
They corresponded with Ignaz von Döllinger regarding their views on reconciling the Roman Catholic Church with the principles of modern society (liberalism); which views had aroused much suspicion in Ultramontane, mainly Jesuit-dominated, circles. In 1832 Lammenais and his friends Lacordaire and Montalembert, visited Germany, obtaining considerable sympathy in their attempts to bring about a modification of the Roman Catholic attitude to modern problems and liberal political principles.
In 19th-century Italy, the liberal Catholic movement had a lasting impact in that it ended the association of the ideal of national independence with that of anti-clerical revolution.
See also
Americanism (heresy)
Catholic social teaching
Centesimus annus
Christian libertarianism
Dignitatis humanae
Political Catholicism
References
Christianity and political ideologies
Criticism of the Catholic Church
Liberalism and religion
Imma cyclostoma is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Assam in India and Tanintharyi Region of Myanmar.
The wingspan is 21–22 mm. The forewings are rather dark fuscous, more or less sprinkled finely with pale ochreous, which sometimes forms a broad posterior discal suffusion. There is a line of pale ochreous scales along the submedian fold towards the base and a faintly indicated irregular line of similar scales from middle of the costa to two-thirds of the dorsum. An obscure dark fuscous discal dot is found at three-fifths and there is a more or less defined pale whitish-ochreous apical mark, and terminal row of minute sometimes connected crescentic dots. The hindwings are dark fuscous, somewhat lighter towards the base.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
The Ruja is a right tributary of the river Siret in Romania. It flows into the Siret north of Pașcani. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Iași County
Berrington Hall is a country house located about north of Leominster, Herefordshire, England. During the 20th century it was the seat of the Cawley family.
It is a neoclassical country house building that Henry Holland designed in 1778-81 for Thomas Harley. It has a somewhat austere exterior, but the interiors are subtle and delicate. Berrington Hall is home to the Elmar Digby furniture collection, paintings by, among others, Thomas Luny (1759–1837), and the Charles Paget Wade costume collection from Snowshill, which can be viewed by appointment. The 'below stairs' areas and servants' quarters that are open to the public include a Victorian laundry and Georgian dairy. Berrington has been in the care of the National Trust since 1957 and is, along with its gardens, open to the public.
Berrington features Capability Brown's last landscape design. A notable feature is the ha-ha wall, which was subject to extensive renovation in the late 20th century by local craftsmen. Berrington Pool, a lake and island, is a Site of Special Scientific Interest.
History
Berrington had been in the possession of the Cornewall family since 1386, but was sold in 1775 to Thomas Harley, a banker and government contractor who in 1767 had been Lord Mayor of London. He commissioned the rebuilding in 1778-1781 of the present Berrington Hall in place of the previous old house. He made it available to his daughter Anne and her new husband George Rodney, the son of Admiral Rodney. After Harley's death the house descended in the Rodney family for 95 years.
In 1901 the Manchester businessman Frederick Cawley MP, later Baron Cawley, purchased the estate from George Brydges Harley Dennett Rodney, 7th Baron Rodney. In 1957 the 3rd Lord Cawley transferred it to the Treasury, which passed it on to the National Trust. Lady Cawley was allowed to remain in occupation until her death in 1978.
It was classified as a Grade I listed building in 1959.
References
External links
Berrington Hall information at the National Trust
BBC Hereford & Worcester feature and 360 panoramic of Berrington Hall
Herefordshire info on Berrington Hall
Berrington Hall on Flickr.com
Berrington Hall photos on pbase.com
Gardens in Herefordshire
Country houses in Herefordshire
National Trust properties in Herefordshire
Grade I listed buildings in Herefordshire
Buildings and structures in Leominster
Historic house museums in Herefordshire
Gardens by Capability Brown
Sue E. Moore is a scientist at the University of Washington known for her research on marine mammals in the Arctic.
Education and career
Moore has a B.A. from the University of California, San Diego and an M.S. from San Diego State University. She earned her Ph.D. from the University of California, San Diego / Scripps Institution of Oceanography in 1997 working on whales in the Arctic. Moore worked at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) for twenty years, and was appointed director of the NOAA National Marine Mammal Laboratory in 2002. Moore was a member of the United States' delegation to the International Whaling Commission. As of 2021, Moore is a research scientist in the department of biology at the University of Washington.
Research
Moore is known for her research tracking marine mammals in the Arctic, including bowhead whales, fin whales, and gray whales. She has used acoustic instruments, or sound, to listen to multiple species of whales along the coast of Alaska, including a project attaching acoustic instruments to gliders and then tracking marine mammals. She has linked changes in sea ice with the habitats used by bowhead whales and defined patterns in marine mammal distributions that track climate change in the Arctic.
Selected publications
Awards and honors
In 2020, Moore was elected to the Washington State Academy of Sciences in recognition of her work in the Arctic. In 2020, the International Arctic Science Committee awarded the IASC Medal for "exceptional and sustained contributions to the understanding of the Arctic" to Moore.
References
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration personnel
University of California, San Diego alumni
San Diego State University alumni
University of Washington faculty
Women marine biologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Cyprianus Gallus (fl. c. 397–430) was a fifth-century poet who wrote a Late Latin epic versification of the historical books of the Vetus Latina, though only the Heptateuch (Heptateuchos) has survived to the present day. He, along with his namesake Cyprian of Carthage and Tertullian, has been credited the authorship of the two poems Carmen de Sodoma and Carmen de Iona, but neither fits his style and language.
Sources
Kriel, D. M. (1991). "Sodoma in fifth century Biblical Epic," Acta classica, 34, 7–20.
Longpré, André (1972). "Traitement de l'Elision chez le Poete Cyprianus Gallus," Phoenix, 26(1), 63–77.
5th-century Latin writers
5th-century Roman poets
5th-century Gallo-Roman people
Dianthus spiculifolius is a species of pink native to the Carpathians; Romania, Moldova and Ukraine. Occasionally grown in rock gardens, it is available from commercial suppliers.
References
spiculifolius
Flora of Europe
Garden plants of Europe
Plants described in 1866
Caer Gai (also Caer-gai) is a Grade II listed Roman fort in the district of Penllyn, Gwynedd, Wales, UK. It is located about 1 mile or 1.6 km north of the village of Llanuwchllyn, and the same distance west of Lake Bala.
Toponym
The fort's Roman name is unknown. During the medieval period, the site became associated with the legendary hero Cai, son of Cynyr (Sir Kay is a character in Arthurian literature). The fort is mentioned as Cai's home in the work of the Bards of the Nobility (). Other Medieval Welsh stories that mention the fort include Culhwch and Olwen and Three Welsh Romances.
History
Roman
The first fort, which is believed to have been constructed during the reign of Emperor Titus in the 1st Century CE, was built from wood and earth. It was sited next to the River Dee
near a ford and junction of two Roman roads running through the area. One was a minor route of Sarn Helen that linked Deva Victrix (Chester) and a fort at Brithdir, Caerphilly. The other road connected the outpost with the Roman fort of Tomen y Mur, through Pennant-Lliw. The fort lay on a low shoulder with steep slopes on three sides. To the north, is Arenig Fawr () with the Berwyn Mountains and Aran Benllyn to the south.
A second fort built in stone replaced the earlier earthen wood fort in the 2nd century CE. It enclosed about . A fragment of a statue was discovered with a Latin inscription recording that it was built by Julius, son of Gavero, a soldier in the 1st Cohort of the Nervii: . The statue stood in a sanctuary to the east of the fort; shards of pottery were also found there dating from around the first half of the 2nd century (AD).
Post-Roman period
The fort was the home of the bard Tudur Penllyn (c. 1420–1485) and his son Ieuan (fl. c. 1480). Tudur obtained the fort after marrying Gwerful Fychan, a descendant of Rhirid the Wolf (died c. 1160), and the fort may have been owned by Rhirid when he received the lordship of Penllyn. There are references to the court of Penllyn being held at the fort in medieval times, before it moved to Bala.
Rowland Vaughan (c. 1587–1667), a poet and well-known royalist in the English Civil War built a large house across part of the site. Although it burnt down in 1645 during the war, it was replaced by a farmhouse.
Preservation
The site is managed by CADW and is open to the public. It is Grade II listed. The remains of the fort's wall can be seen in places showing up to five courses of stonework.
Archaeological excavations in the area have found a Roman tomb about to the north-east of the fort. Traces of a building, probably a bath house, have also been discovered to the south-east. A civilian small settlement is assumed to have surrounded the fort.
References
Sources
Rachel Bromwich, Triads of the Island of Britain (Cardiff, 1978)
Thomas Roberts (ed.), The work of Gwaith Tudur Penllyn and Ieuan ap Tudur Penllyn (Cardiff, 1958)
Grace Simpson, Caerleon and the Roman Forts in Wales in the second century AD, Archaeologia Cambrensis CXI (1962).
Roman fortifications in Gwynedd
Roman legionary fortresses in Wales
Grade II* listed buildings in Gwynedd
Killer Whale Islands with Nigel Marven is British one-hour television special produced by Image Impact in 2007. Presented by Nigel Marven, the show looks at the wildlife of the Falkland Islands during Southern Hemisphere summer. Animals included in the program are killer whales, seals, albatrosses, penguins and other birds.
This documentary premiered in 2007 on Channel 5, repeats of the show air on Eden Channel.
External links
Killer Whale Islands of Eden Channel website
Killer Whale Islands of Nigel Marven's official website
Nature educational television series
Marie-Christine Lombard (born 1958) is a French business executive. She was appointed CEO of Geodis in October 2012. She is also a member of the Supervisory Board of Keolis. Since 2008, she also has been chairing the Coordinating Committee of Lyon Ville Entrepreneuriat, a network supporting business, start-ups, development and transfers for the Greater Lyon region.
Early life and education
After obtaining a bachelor's degree in science, Lombard entered the French business school ESSEC and graduated in 1981.
Career
Lombard began her career in the United States as head of merchandising at the department stores chain Lord & Taylor.
Between 1983 and 1986, Lombard was in charge of the department of multinationals at Chemical Bank in New York.
Lombard then joined Paribas: first in Corporate Finance, from 1986 to 1988, and later in the M&A department (1988-1991). In 1991, Paribas appointed her Regional Delegate for international mergers and acquisitions, a position she held until 1992, and branch Deputy Director in Lyon (1991-1993).
Lombard left Paribas and the banking sector to join TPG Group, the leading express mail, parcel and documents delivery, renamed TNT in 2005. Subsequently, she became CEO (1999-2003) then Chairwoman and CEO of the subsidiary Jet Services, which became TNT Express France in 2002. In 2004, she was appointed CEO of the Express group division and member of TNT Executive board.
In May 2011, she took up a new position as Chairwoman and CEO of TNT Express NV, a position from which she resigned in September 2012.
In October 2012, Lombard was appointed CEO of Geodis, following a proposal by Pierre Blayau, Chairman of the group. In December 2013, she was appointed Chairman of the Executive Board of Geodis.
Other activities
Vinci, Independent Member of the Board of Directors (since 2014)
Groupe BPCE, Member of the Supervisory Board
Honors
Knight of the French order Légion d'honneur since 2005
References
External Links
Bloomberg Businessweek, “Marie-Christine Lombard's Executive Profile”
Multimodal, “All change at SNCF Geodis”, 24 October 2012
Post & Parcel, “Ex-TNT boss Marie-Christine Lombard becomes Geodis CEO, 25 October 2012
Logistics managers, “Lombard becomes CEO at Geodis”, 24 October 2012
Financial Times, “Business diary: Marie-Christine Lombard”, 4 July 2011
Transport weekly, “TNT Express CEO Marie-Christine Lombard resigns”, 1 October 2012
Groupe Vinci, “Gouvernance -Conseil d'administration - Marie-Christine Lombard”, 26 April 2017
Women business executives
1958 births
Living people
Francis R. Dillon is a retired United States Air Force brigadier general (Special Agent) who served as the 11th Commander of the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI), Bolling AFB, Washington, D.C. As the AFOSI Commander, Dillon was responsible for providing commanders of all Air Force activities independent professional investigative services regarding fraud, counterintelligence and major criminal matters by using a worldwide network of agents stationed at all major Air Force installations and a variety of special operating locations.
Education
Through the Reserve Officer Training Corps, Dillon earned a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Connecticut. Dillon also has a master's degree from Troy State University. He also completed courses at Squadron Officer School, Air Command and Staff College, Air War College, and the Defense Language Institute.
Military career
Upon graduation from the University of Connecticut, Dillon commissioned into the United States Air Force in 1968. He spent the majority of his career as a special agent of the AFOSI, where he conducted and supervised felony-level criminal, fraud, and counterintelligence investigations and operations. He commanded at the detachment, squadron and wing levels. His assignments included two overseas postings, which were Munich and Wiesbaden, Germany. Additionally, Dillon served as an assistant professor of aerospace studies with the Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps at Rutgers University, New Brunswick, N.J. Prior to his last assignment as Commander of AFOSI, Dillon served as the Vice Commander of AFOSI.
As Commander of AFOSI, Dillon was interviewed by The Washington Post about an Air Force captain allegedly spying for U.S. adversaries in West Berlin, Germany. When asked by reporters to clarify if an investigation was ongoing, Dillon told reporters, "This was very premature, this should have never been leaked out." Pentagon officials also described previous news reports on the matter, as premature and misleading; however, an Air Force spokesperson emphasized a "full and thorough investigation" of the matter was under way.
Major awards and decorations
Dillon is the recipient of the following:
Post-Military Career
Since retirement, Dillon has published a book, served on local community boards, and lobbied members of the U.S. Congress to name a few. For instance, Dillon published Vacationland Terrorists: Alarm in the Countryside in 2014. Additionally, he serves on the Bath Housing Authority Board of Directors with a term expiring in 2021. Dillon, along with several other retired military generals, supported the "2010 Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act" and urged members of Congress to refrain from pursuing any mechanism that would weaken or delay its standards.
See also
List of Commanders of the Air Force Office of Special Investigations
References
Notes
United States Air Force Office of Special Investigations
University of Connecticut alumni
Living people
United States Air Force generals
Troy University alumni
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Year of birth missing (living people)
Archips brunneatus is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish cinnamon. The suffusions and strigulation (fine streaks) are brownish and the subtornal area and apex are more brown. The hindwings are brownish with an apical area of cream orange marked with a few browner strigulae.
Etymology
The name refers to colouration of forewing and is derived from Latin brunneatus (meaning brown).
References
Moths described in 2009
Archips
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Kościaszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin. The village is located in the historical region Galicia.
The village has a population of 40.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Eschive d'Ibelin (1253–1312) was suo jure Lady of Beirut in 1282–1312. She was the daughter of John II of Beirut (died 1264), lord of Beirut, and of Alice de la Roche, and a member of the influential Ibelin family.
Life
She first married, in 1274, Humphrey de Montfort, lord of Tyre (died 1284).
Lady of Beirut
She became lady of Beirut on the death of her sister Isabelle of Beirut in 1282.
After Humphrey's death, she remarried in 1291 Guy of Lusignan, constable of Cyprus (died 1302).
In 1291, Emir ‘Alam al-Din Sanjar al-Shuja‘i al-Mansuri, a Muslim general under al-Ashraf Khalil, marched on Beirut, which had only a small garrison. Eschive thought she was secure because she had signed a truce with Qalawun, father of Khalil. Al-Shuja‘i summoned the commanders of the garrison and arrested them. Seeing the commanders arrested, the population fled by sea. Beirut was taken by the Muslims on July 31. Al-Shuja‘i ordered the razing of its walls and castles and turned its cathedral into a mosque.
Claimant to the Duchy of Athens
In 1308, Eschive's cousin Guy II de la Roche, Duke of Athens, died without issue, leaving a succession crisis in the duchy. Eschive travelled to the Morea in the same year to claim her rights to the duchy of Athens. She was one of the two claimants, as the daughter of Guy's aunt Alice; her rival, Walter V of Brienne, was the son of Guy's aunt Isabella, a younger sister of Alice. Upon her return journey from Morea, Eschive was shipwrecked. Since Athens was a fief of the Principality of Achaea, the decision was in the hands of Philip I of Taranto, Prince of Achaea, and his suzerain and elder brother Robert of Naples. The two referred the question to the High Court of Achaea in 1309, which met at Glarentza and declared Walter the heir on the pragmatic grounds that he was male and an active soldier, better suited to defend the Duchy. The disappointed Eschive thereupon appealed to the Virgin Mary before the altar of St Francis at Glarentza, asking that Walter and the judges die without heirs of the body if they had wrongly judged against her. Eschive in fact outlived Walter, who was killed at the Battle of Halmyros in 1311, but died the following year in Nicosia and was buried there.
Issue
With Humphrey de Montfort, lord of Tyre (died 1284), they had:
Three sons and one daughter, all who died young
Amaury de Montfort (died 1304)
Rupen de Montfort (died 1313)
With Guy of Lusignan, constable of Cyprus (died 1302), they had:
Hugh IV (1295–1359) king of Cyprus, married firstly Maria of Ibelin, then Alice of Ibelin
Isabelle de Lusignan (born 1298), who in 1322 married Eudes de Dampierre (died 1330)
References
Sources
1253 births
1312 deaths
People of the Kingdom of Cyprus
Women of the Crusader states
House of Ibelin
History of Beirut
Women of the Duchy of Athens
13th-century women rulers
14th-century women rulers
Vasil Nanov (, born 27 February 1959) is a Bulgarian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1959 births
Living people
Bulgarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Bulgaria
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Eighteen Springs may refer to:
The Wonderful Widow of Eighteen Springs, a song for voice and closed piano by John Cage, based on James Joyce's Finnegans Wake
Half a Lifelong Romance, a 1948 Chinese novel by Eileen Chang, also known as Eighteen Springs
Eighteen Springs (film), a 1997 China-Hong Kong film based on Chang's novel
Affair of Half a Lifetime, a 2002 adaptation of Chang's novel
Eighteen Springs (album), by Ruby Lin, 2004
Tzur Moshe (, lit. Rock of Moses) is a moshav in central Israel, in the Central district. Located in the Sharon plain near Netanya, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded on 13 September 1937 by a group of 20 immigrants from Kastoria, Greece as part of the tower and stockade settlement programme. It was named after Moshe Kofinas, a Greek MP and president of the Greek branch of the National Zionist Organisation in 1919. He raised money from local Jewish donors and funded the purchase of part of the land to be used for the project (funds were also offered by the Carasso family from Thessaloniki), as well as for the Hasmonean city of Tzuran which was located in the area. Kofinas died in 1924, before he could see the plans fulfilled.
Kofinas' unfinished work was carried on by his faithful following: Rabbi Ben-Zion Meir Chai Uzziel, David Florentine, Yosef Uzziel, Moshe Carasso and Leon Recanati, who joined ranks and called themselves by the name, The Dr. Moshe Kofinas Organisation of Greek Immigrants for Settlement. They worked to obtain all the necessary permits, and by 1934 the first immigrants associated with this group arrived in Magdiel. In 1935, the Jewish Agency provided a plot of land for the group near Beit Shean, where they began to build their farming settlement. However, after one year, they were redirected to a place in the Sharon Valley, where they eventually founded the present settlement in September 1937.
References
External links
http://www.zurmoshe.co.il/ Village website]
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1937
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1937 establishments in Mandatory Palestine
Greek-Jewish culture in Israel
Persistent aura without infarction (PAWOI) is a rare and seemingly benign condition, first described in case reports in 1982 as "prolonged/persistent migraine aura status", and in 2000 as "migraine aura status", that is not yet fully understood. PAWOI is said to possibly be a factor involved in a variety of neurological symptoms, including visual snow, loss of vision, increased afterimages, tinnitus, and others. The pathogenesis of PAWOI is unknown. It is not clear which medical examinations are useful in diagnosing PAWOI. At present, PAWOI is usually diagnosed solely based on the patient's current and past symptoms. It is possible that an "overactive brain" or a chemical imbalance underlies the disorder. Various medications have been tried as treatment, notably acetazolamide, valproate, lamotrigine, topiramate, and furosemide.
References
Migraine
Visual disturbances and blindness
Hallucinations
Ailments of unknown cause
Medical controversies
The Hambletonian Stakes is a major American harness race for three-year-old trotting horses, named in honor of Hambletonian 10, a foundation sire of the Standardbred horse breed, also known as the "Father of the American Trotter." The first in the Triple Crown of Harness Racing for Trotters, the Hambletonian is currently held at the Meadowlands Racetrack in East Rutherford, New Jersey, on the first Saturday in August.
Sites
The Hambletonian first took place at the New York State Fair in Syracuse in 1926. The race switched from Syracuse to Lexington, Kentucky for the 1927 and 1929 races, however, because of rainouts. Starting in 1930, Good Time Park in Goshen, New York hosted the race until 1956 with the exception of 1943. That year, The Hambletonian was raced at Empire City Race Track, which became Yonkers Raceway in 1950, because of wartime gas rationing. The Du Quoin State Fair in Du Quoin, Illinois gained the rights to host the race in 1957 and held on to it until 1980. Since 1981, the race has been at the Meadowlands Racetrack in East Rutherford, New Jersey.
Records
Most wins by a driver
6 – John Campbell (1987, 1988, 1990, 1995, 1998, 2006)
Most wins by a trainer
5 – shared by:
Billy Haughton (1974, 1976, 1977, 1980, 1982)
Ben White (1927, 1933, 1936, 1942, 1943)
Stanley Dancer (1965, 1968, 1972, 1975, 1983)
Stakes record
1:50 1/5 – Muscle Hill (2009)
Hambletonian Stakes winners
References
External links
Sugar Loaf Historical Society
New Jersey Horse Enthusiast Web
Meadowlands Racetrack
Harness races in the United States
Harness races for three-year-old trotters
United States Triple Crown of Harness Racing
Sports in East Rutherford, New Jersey
Recurring sporting events established in 1926
1926 establishments in New York (state)
Stefan Golubović (; born 1 August 1996) is a Serbian football forward who plays for Trayal Kruševac.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Čačak
Association football forwards
Serbian footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
FK Mladost Lučani players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Karen Jissel Reyes Hernández (born 12 February 1998) is an American-born Salvadoran footballer who plays as a forward for Finnish club Åland United and the El Salvador women's national team.
Early life
Reyes was born and raised in Reston, Virginia to Salvadoran parents, Fausto Reyes and Norma Hernández, both from Anamorós.
High school and college career
Reyes has attended the South Lakes High School in her hometown and the Marymount University in Arlington County, Virginia.
Club career
Reyes has played for Åland United in Finland.
International career
Reyes made her senior debut for El Salvador on 19 November 2021.
See also
List of El Salvador women's international footballers
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Citizens of El Salvador through descent
Salvadoran women's footballers
Women's association football forwards
Åland United players
El Salvador women's international footballers
Salvadoran expatriate footballers
Salvadoran expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Expatriate women's footballers in Finland
People from Reston, Virginia
Sportspeople from Fairfax County, Virginia
Soccer players from Virginia
American women's soccer players
Marymount Saints women's soccer players
American expatriate women's soccer players
American expatriate sportspeople in Finland
American sportspeople of Salvadoran descent
Josef Umbach (8 December 1889 – 30 September 1976) was a German international footballer.
References
1889 births
1976 deaths
Association football forwards
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Mover Participações (formerly Camargo Corrêa) is one of the biggest Brazilian private conglomerates. It is composed of publicly traded and closed companies, as well as shared management, and operates in Brazil and more than 20 countries. The company was founded in 1939 by Sebastião Camargo in the city of Jaú, in the interior of the State of São Paulo but now is headquartered in São Paulo. Camargo's widow Dirce Camargo was a major shareholder until her death in 2013, with a net worth of $11.5 billion.
References
Conglomerate companies of Brazil
B
1939 establishments in Brazil
Companies based in São Paulo
The Americas Zone is one of the three zones of the regional Davis Cup competition in 2018.
In the Americas Zone there are three different tiers, called groups, in which teams compete against each other to advance to the upper tier. Winners in Group II advance to the Americas Zone Group I. Teams who lose their respective ties will compete in the relegation play-offs, with winning teams remaining in Group II, whereas teams who lose their play-offs will be relegated to the Americas Zone Group III in 2019.
Participating nations
Seeds:
Remaining nations:
Draw
and relegated to Group III in 2019.
promoted to Group I in 2019.
First round
Guatemala vs. Venezuela
El Salvador vs. Uruguay
Mexico vs. Puerto Rico
Bolivia vs. Peru
Second round
Uruguay vs. Venezuela
Mexico vs. Peru
Play-offs
Guatemala vs. El Salvador
Bolivia vs. Puerto Rico
Third round
Uruguay vs. Mexico
References
External links
Official Website
Americas Zone Group II
Davis Cup Americas Zone
Prasophyllum pallidum, commonly known as the pale leek orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to a south-eastern South Australia. It has a single tubular leaf and up to thirty green or yellowish-green flowers. It was previously thought to occur in Victoria but records from that state are now recognised as P. roseum.
Description
Prasophyllum pallidum is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single tube-shaped leaf long and wide. Between fifteen and thirty five flowers are well-spaced along a flowering stem long which reaches to a height of . The flowers are green or yellowish-green and as with others in the genus, are inverted so that the labellum is above the column rather than below it. The ovary is swollen, realively large compared to the rest of the flower and stands out from the flowering stem. The dorsal sepal is lance-shaped to egg-shaped, long, about wide and slightly dished. The lateral sepals are a similar length to the dorsal sepal but narrower and are free from each other. The petals are long, about wide and curve forwards. The labellum is wedge-shaped to egg-shaped, about long and wide and turns sharply upwards near its middle. The edges of the labellum are crinkled and there is a pale green, fleshy callus along the centre of the labellum, extending almost to its tip. Flowering occurs from September to November and is stimulated by earlier fires.
Taxonomy and naming
Prasophyllum pallidum was first formally described in 1930 by William Henry Nicholls and the description was published in The Victorian Naturalist from a specimen collected near Pomonal. The specific epithet (pallidum) is a Latin word meaning "ashen", "pale" or "wan". Specimens collected in Victoria as P. pallidum are now included in P. roseum.
Distribution and habitat
The pale leek orchid mostly grows in grassy forest from the Flinders Ranges to the Mount Lofty Ranges.
Conservation
Prasophyllum pallidum is listed "Vulnerable" under the Commonwealth Government Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (EPBC) Act and under the South Australian National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972.
References
External links
pallidum
Flora of South Australia
Endemic orchids of Australia
Plants described in 1930
Zikhona Sodlaka (born 7 June 1985 in Mthatha) is a South African actress best known for her starring roles in television series such as Shooting Stars, Rhythm City, Soul City, Intsika and Montana.
Sodlaka once got a nominated for the South African Film and Television Awards (SAFTA).
She is a prominent actress of South Africa in Tsha Tsha, Igazi, Generations. and the film, The Two of Us and Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom.
Early life
Sodlaka was born in Mthatha in the Eastern Cape, she grew up in KwaZulu-Natal. She attended school at Excelsior SSS and left in grade 9. She received the rest of her schooling at Warriors Rust high school in Margate.
She went to Shepstone College where she did her tertiary education and studied Business Admin. She got her diploma and proceeded to Johannesburg and registered as an IT Student and did Computer Programming at Havtec before moving on to pursue her passion for art.
Filmography
television
After 9 2007-2013
Rhythm City (2007)
Skeem Saam (2011)
film
Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom (2013)
Thina sobabili:The two of us (2014)
Inhliziyo Yethu (2017)
Mister Bob (2011)
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
South African film actresses
South African television actresses
21st-century South African actresses
Benin competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016. The country was represented by one sportsperson, Cosme Akpovi, competing in the men's javelin F57 event where he finished thirteenth. The Games were not broadcast in Benin.
Delegation
The country sent one male athlete, Cosme Akpovi, to the 2016 Summer Paralympics. He competed in athletics and served as the country's flag bearer during the opening ceremony.
Benin's delegation in Rio included three other people, the national teacm coach, the secretary general of the Benin Paralympic Committee and a representative of the Ministry of Sports
The future
Ahead of the 2016 Games, Benin's National Paralympic Committee launched a talent identification program, with the goal of identifying more athletes who could potentially represent the country at the 2020 Games.
Athletics
Akpovi took up athletics in 2003, having had little international experience. He had previously competed at the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships, finishing fourteenth in the men's Javelin Throw F57/58 with the best throw of 22.60m. In Rio, he finished thirteenth in the men's javelin F57 event with the best throw of 27.37 meters.
Men's Field
Media
There were no broadcast rights holders for the 2016 Games in Benin. People who wanted to watch them had to watch them via the live stream provided by the International Paralympic Committee.
See also
Benin at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Beninese sport
Digital ink may refer to:
Digital inking, in animation
Electronic paper
E-ink, a technology for electronic paper common in e-books
Windows Ink, a software suite for handwritten input in Microsoft products
See also
Active pen
Digital pen
Handwriting recognition
Magnetic ink character recognition
Pen computing
Stylus (computing)
BeBionic is a commercial prosthetic hand designed to enable amputees to perform everyday activities, such as eating, drinking, writing, typing, turning a key in a lock and picking up small objects.
The first version of the bebionic hand was launched at the World Congress and Orthopädie & Reha-Technik, Trade Show, Leipzig, Germany, in May 2010.
Designed in the United Kingdom, the bebionic hand is manufactured by RSL Steeper and is available worldwide. Since February 2, 2017, BeBionic is owned by Ottobock.
Technical specification
Dimensions:
There are two formats of the "Bebionic3": the first is called the "Large" and the second is the "Medium". You will find in the next Table some dimensions of the 2 different prostheses.
Grips:
The "Bebionic3" hand allows its owner to have several different holds, up to 14, allowing the user to perform a much larger number of tasks. This large number of grips is achieved thanks to a thumb that can take 2 positions according to the user's needs: opposite and not opposite.
- The opposite is true when the thumb is in opposition with the fingers of the hand,, allowing holds such as pinching for example.
- The non-opposed position corresponds to the moment when the thumb is parallel to the fingers of the hand, allowing holds such as pointing the finger.
On the back of the hand, there is a button that will allow the holder of the prosthesis to choose the grip he wants. In fact, this button offers the possibility to choose between 2 programs, the primary and the secondary. Each of these 2 programs allows 2 different types of sockets. To switch from one to the other, the user must apply an OPEN OPEN signal, i.e. he must send a signal so that the hand opens completely, followed by a release and then again a signal allowing the complete opening.
In total with the 2 thumb positions, we get to 2*2*2=8 different takes, each with a specific name:
- Tripod: This is possible when the thumb is in the opposite position. We then have the index and middle fingers in contact with the thumb. For the other 2 remaining fingers, they continue to close until they reach the palm of the hand and therefore feel a resistance. It is therefore a fairly common grip since it allows its user to hold all kinds of everyday objects such as a fork or a pen.
- Pinch: This also happens when the thumb is in the opposite position, but it is necessary for the thumb to be manually repositioned by a technician so that only the index finger meets the thumb when the hand is closed. Indeed, the thumb is equipped with an adjustment device that allows it to be repositioned according to the desired grips. The pivot is actually equipped with a screw that once slightly unscrewed allows a small movement of the thumb. Smaller objects, such as a coin, can then be handled.
bebionic 2.0
In September 2011, the bebionic second-generation prosthetic hand saw improvements to speed, accuracy, grip and durability, later becoming available in different size options making this life changing prosthetic available to a broader range of patients. Since it's Initial upgrade, patients fitted with the bebionic 2.0 have seen many notable improvements in the form of high-capacity 2200mAh split cell internal batteries for increased usage time, gains in natural range of motion, Increased accuracy in touch sensitivity sensors, and numerous software upgrades, All of which having played a major role in providing a higher quality of life for those that benefit from this technology.
Patients
During 2008, Jonathan Metz, from West Hartford, Connecticut, got his arm wedged in his basement furnace. Trapped in his own basement for three days, he had no alternative to self-amputating his own arm. Since using the prosthetic hand, in 2010, his life has dramatically improved.
In 2012, Kingston upon Hull man, Mike Swainger, was the first person to receive a bionic hand on the NHS.
In 2015, a 26-year old London-based woman, Nicky Ashwell, who was born without a right hand, received Bebionic's prosthetic hand.
Margarita Gracheva, from the Moscow Serpukhov, had her hands cut off by her husband. After six months of rehabilitation, dozens of concerned viewers of the Program live with Andrey Malakhov of the Russia 1 TV channel helped get her a new prosthesis arm.
Pop Culture
In the world of science fiction, the bebionic hand has been compared to the artificial hands of fictional characters such as The Terminator and Luke Skywalker from Star Wars.
References
External links
Bebionic Website
Prosthetics
Bionics
Pordenone may refer to:
Pordenone, a comune in Italian Province of Pordenone
Il Pordenone, Italian artist
Pordenone Calcio S.S.D., Italian football club
Odoric of Pordenone
Ao (daylight) is one of the primal deities who are the unborn forces of nature in Māori mythology. Ao is the personification of light, clouds, and the ordinary world, as opposed to darkness () and the underworld.
He is spoken of under many forms or manifestations, including Aotūroa (enduring day, this world) and Aotahi (bright day, world of light and life). With his companions Ata (morning) and Whaitua (space) Ao resists the forces of darkness.
Genealogy
Ao appears evolving through the forms Aonui, Aoroa, Aowheneke, Ao-whetara out of the darkness as part of the great cosmological genealogies in Te Arawa's traditions, as part of the creation of the universe.
Aonui, Aoroa, Aopouri, Aopotango, Aowhetuma, Aowhekere, Aokahiwahiwa, Aokanapanapa, Aopakakina, Aopakarea, and Aotakawe were also the names of the who were the storm clouds, the children, of Tāwhirimātea, which were sent to punish his brothers after the separation of his parents, Rangi and Papa.
In a version recorded from Hūkiki Te Ahukaramū, a Ngāti Raukawa chief, Te Ao was born out of Te Ata, which itself came from the darkness. Ao's last form in Hūkiki's version is Te Ao Mārama. A version given by the Kāi Tahu of Moeraki is similar.
Pan-Polynesian
In Tahiti, Aonui was Tāne's residence in the sky, and Aoaomaraia was the discoverer of fire; a similar role is taken on by Māui in other parts of Polynesia.
See also
Io Matua Kore
References
Notes
Sources
Light gods
Māori gods
Sky and weather gods
Prague After Dark is an album by the MUH Trio (Roberto Magris/ František Uhlíř/ Jaromir Helešic Trio) recorded in the Czech Republic and released on the JMood label in 2017.
Reception
The All About Jazz review by Jack Bowers awarded the album 4 stars and simply states: "On Prague After Dark, their debut recording as a unit, these seasoned pros prove time and again that there's precious little they don't know about making lovely music together, especially when it comes to snug teamwork and swinging. Let us hope the trio remains intact and produces more recordings as bright and admirable as Prague After Dark." The All About Jazz review by C. Michael Bailey awarded the album 4 stars and simply states: "The result is a very urban European offering of mainstream jazz trio music with just enough twists and turns to keep even the most jaded listener on his or her toes." The Boston Concert Review review by Nelson Brill simply states: " Their music is all dash and sunnyness, with each partner swaggering and swinging in their collective, magnetic purpose; global-inspired music that has the capacity to freshly energize our quest for justice and global unity." The World Music Report review by Paul J. Youngman simply states: "All beautiful and thoughtfully played compositions filled with passion and simpatico that reaches out to my ear and makes this one of this year's favourites." The Jazz Journal review by Brian Morton awarded the album 4 stars and simply states: "Magris is the most interesting bop/post-bop pianist on the current European scene, and his stature grows with each fresh recording. Another great set from super-fan Paul Collins's label."
Track listing
Another More Blues (Roberto Magris) - 5:46
Nenazvana (František Uhlíř) - 4:32
Third World (Herbie Nichols) - 6:19
Prague After Dark (Roberto Magris) - 6:33
Joycie Girl (Don Pullen) - 9:00
From Heart to Heart (František Uhlíř) - 5:31
Song for an African Child (Roberto Magris) - 5:54
A Summer's Kiss (Roberto Magris) - 7:28
Iraqi Blues (Roberto Magris) - 7:19
In Love in Vain (Robin/Kern) - 7:10
Personnel
Musicians
Roberto Magris - piano
František Uhlíř - bass
Jaromir Helešic - drums
Production
František Uhlíř – producer
Paul Collins – executive producer
Lukas Martinek and Yarda Helesic – engineering
Petr Sabach – design
Bohuse Hacova – photography
References
2017 albums
Jazz albums
William Weigle (born May 25, 1940) is an American racewalker. He competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1940 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
American male racewalkers
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Place of birth missing (living people)
Josip Klarica (born 1946) was a Croatian artist working in the mediums of film and photography.
Klarica was born in Belgrade, PR Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia. He first studied photography and then attended the Film Academy in Prague (1975–77). As an art photographer he was interested in the history of photographic techniques and photo-chemical processes and has used old photographic techniques extensively in his work. Klarica experimented with the camera obscura and a replica of a panoramic camera (Paris, 1845) which he designed himself and adjusted to his needs. He primarily shot portraits, landscapes and still life (Slaughter, Fair, Still Life). A small selection of Klarica's work can be seen on his official website.
Klarica had many solo exhibitions in Croatia and abroad, including: The Photographers' Gallery (London, 1982), the Museum of Contemporary Art, Zagreb, 1991, Centro Culturale San Fedele (Milan, 1994), Galerie Johannes Faber (Vienna, 2002), and the Klovićevi dvori Gallery (Zagreb, 2005). His works belong to several museum and gallery collections like the International Museum of Photography at George Eastman House (Rochester), Bibliotheque Nationale de France (Paris), the Museum of Contemporary Art (Zagreb), the Museum of Arts and Crafts (Zagreb), the Musée Nicéphore Niépce (Chalon-sur-Saône), and the Modern Gallery, Zagreb.
Notes and references
1946 births
Living people
Artists from Belgrade
Artists from Zagreb
Croatian photographers
"Angels Working Overtime" is a song written by Michael Dulaney and Michael Lunn, and recorded by American country music artist Deana Carter. It was released in April 1999 as the third single from the album Everything's Gonna Be Alright. "Angels Working Overtime" was Carter's eighth Top 40 hit, with a peak position at number 35 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks. It was less successful on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks, where it peaked at number 55.
Content
The song is a mid-tempo with a simple production featuring percussion and mixed acoustic and electric guitar instrumentation. It describes the journey of a girl from being abandoned by her parents at birth to her ending up happy where she belongs, thanks to "angels working overtime."
The album version features a lengthy instrumental intro, bridge and outro for the song, along with a children's choir during the song's third chorus and backing noise of children playing. The radio edit shortens the intro and outro, and cuts the chorus performed by the children alone. Although, it retains some of the children's noise and their backing vocals on the final chorus.
Critical reception
Billboard spoke favorably of the song, which they expected as a "rebound" for Carter's early chart success. "It's a solid number, and Carter's performance exudes that sweet ethereal quality that is consistently appealing. The production is effective, except for some sound effects that are more annoyingly distracting than complementary. All in all, it's one of those records with a "triumph over adversity" theme that should find a wide audience."
Music video
A music video was released for the song in April 1999, directed by Luke Scott. The video follows the lyrics in the song, beginning with a couple in a diner who leave their newborn baby behind with a locket and a note. The girl grows up in a prairie town, and feeling out of place, boards a Greyhound when she turns eighteen. She ends up in Santa Fe, and tags along with a boy to "LA", whom she has a moment of passion with in a motel room. Carter is shown throughout the various stages of the girl's life; she is seen examining the locket, sitting in the front seat of the parents' car, and leaning against the front of the bus. Carter represents the angels that have been watching over her.
Chart performance
"Angels Working Overtime" spent a total of 16 weeks on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart, and reached a peak position of number 35 for the week of June 12, 1999.
References
1999 singles
1998 songs
Deana Carter songs
Capitol Records Nashville singles
Songs written by Michael Dulaney
Song recordings produced by Chris Farren (country musician)
Adamsville is an unincorporated community in Beaver County, Utah, United States.
Geography
Adamsville is at the west end of Beaver Valley in eastern Beaver County. It lies at the base of the Mineral Mountains, just northeast of Minersville Reservoir along the northern bank of the Beaver River. Some east across Utah State Route 21 is the village of Greenville, and the city of Beaver is about east.
History
Adamsville was first settled in the spring of 1862 by David B. Adams and three other families, who established farms along the Beaver River. In 1866, residents were temporarily moved to Greenville for safety during the Black Hawk War, but the settlement continued to grow; in 1867 a townsite was surveyed and the town was named Adamsville. In 1868, a community meetinghouse was built. School was held in the building until around 1920. A post office was established on April 10, 1868. Previous names for the community were Beaver Creek Iron Works and Wales.
See also
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Beaver County, Utah
Unincorporated communities in Utah
Populated places established in 1862
1862 establishments in Utah Territory
