Hugo Mario Noremberg (born 15 May 1962) is a former Argentine footballer.
Noremberg played for several clubs in the Primera División Argentina, beginning with Ferro Carril Oeste where he won the 1984 Nacional Championship and finishing with Estudiantes de La Plata. He also had a spell with Gençlerbirliği S.K. in the Turkish Super Lig.
References
Mario Noremberg at BDFA.com.ar
1962 births
Living people
People from Oberá
Argentine people of German descent
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Ferro Carril Oeste footballers
Quilmes Atlético Club footballers
Estudiantes de La Plata footballers
Gençlerbirliği S.K. footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Süper Lig players
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Misiones Province
Haplogroup S may refer to:
Haplogroup S (mtDNA), a human mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) haplogroup
Haplogroup S (Y-DNA), a human Y-chromosome (Y-DNA) haplogroup
Raman Bishnoi (born 24 December 1997) is an Indian cricketer. He made his first-class debut on 9 December 2019, for Chandigarh in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy. He made his List A debut on 25 February 2021, for Chandigarh in the 2020–21 Vijay Hazare Trophy.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Chandigarh cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
María Luisa Seco Lumbreras (June 1, 1948 – April 22, 1988) was a Spanish television presenter.
Spanish television presenters
1948 births
1988 deaths
Eupithecia satyrata, the satyr pug, is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It was described by Jacob Hübner in 1813. It is found from Ireland, through northern and central Europe (from Scandinavia to the northern Mediterranean) east to all of Russia and central Asia and western Siberia to Tibet. It is also present in North Africa and North America.
The wingspan is . Eupithecia satyrata is variable in pattern. The ground colour of the wings is ash grey or brownish. The veins often have a black with white dusting. There are paler crosslines. On the forewings a very indistinct terminal fascia ends in a tiny tornal spot. There is a fine discal spot on the forewing. This is absent on the hindwing. Prout gives an account of the variations.
Adults are on wing from March to September. There is one generation per year.
The larvae feed on the flowers of a wide range of plants, including Achillea, Scabiosa, Solidago, Senecio and Erica tetralix.
Subspecies
Eupithecia satyrata satyrata
Eupithecia satyrata callunaria Doubleday, 1850
Eupithecia satyrata curzoni Gregson, 1884
Eupithecia satyrata dodata Taylor, 1906
Eupithecia satyrata intimata Pearsall, 1908
Eupithecia satyrata juldusi Dietze, 1910
Eupithecia satyrata rivosulata Dietze, 1875 (Yakutia, Siberia)
Eupithecia satyrata subatrata Staudinger, 1871
Eupithecia satyrata zermattensis Wehrli, 1928
Similar species
Eupithecia intricata
References
External links
Butterflies and Moths of Northern Ireland
Lepiforum e.V.
Moths described in 1813
satyrata
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Moths of Africa
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
Web most often refers to:
Spider web, a silken structure created by the animal
World Wide Web or the Web, an Internet-based hypertext system
Web or WEB may also refer to:
Computing
WEB, a literate programming system created by Donald Knuth
GNOME Web, a Web browser
Web.com, a web-design company
Webs (web hosting), a Web hosting and website building service
Engineering
Web (manufacturing), continuous sheets of material passed over rollers
Web, a roll of paper in offset printing
Web, the vertical element of an I-beam or a rail profile
Web, the interior beams of a truss
Films
Web (2013 film), a documentary
Webs (film), a 2003 science-fiction movie
The Web (film), a 1947 film noir
Charlotte's Web (2006 film)
Literature
Web (comics), a MLJ comicbook character (created 1942)
Web (novel), by John Wyndham (1979)
The Web (series), a science fiction series (1997–1999)
World English Bible, a public-domain Bible translation (2000)
Charlotte's Web, children's novel by E. B. White (1952)
Mathematics
Web (differential geometry), a type of set allowing an intrinsic Riemannian-geometry characterisation of the additive separation of variables in the Hamilton–Jacobi equation
Web, a linear system of divisors of dimension 3
Music
Web Entertainment, a record label
Web (album), a 1995 album by Bill Laswell and Terre Thaemlitz
"The Web", a song by Marillion from Script for a Jester's Tear
"The Web", a song by Neurosis from Souls at Zero
The Web (band), a British jazz/blues band active in the late 1960s and early 1970s
Radio
WEBS (AM), a radio station licensed to Calhoun, Georgia, United States
West End Broadcast (WeB FM), a radio station in Newcastle, England, that was a forerunner of NE1fm
Television
The Web (1950 TV series), a 1950–1954 American mystery/suspense anthology television series that was broadcast on CBS
The Web (1957 TV series), an American mystery/suspense anthology television series, similar to the 1950–1954 series, that aired on NBC in 1957 as a summer replacement series
W.E.B., a 1978 American TV series
The Web, a fictional region of space in the ReBoot television series (and game)
"Web", an episode of season 7 of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
"The Web", an episode of Blake's 7
Other uses
West-East Bag, an international women artists network active from 1971 to 1973
People with the initials
W. E. B. Du Bois (1868–1963), African-American sociologist, historian, civil rights activist, author and editor
See also
Cobweb (disambiguation)
Spider Web (disambiguation)
Webb (disambiguation)
Webbing, a strong woven fabric
Interdigital webbing, the presence of membranes of skin between the digits
Webbed toes
Webbed, a 2021 video game
Webby (disambiguation)
WWW (disambiguation)
Deniz Atiye Yılmaz (born 22 November 1988), originally known by the artist name Atiye Deniz () and later by the mononym Atiye, is a Turkish pop singer. She releases songs in Turkish, Arabic and English.
Career
The second album by Atiye was self-titled and released under Sony Music label. It spawned a number of hits for the artist. The lead single "Muamma" and the second single "Salla" became huge hits in Turkey. They peaked at respectively No.5 and No.3 at the official Turkish chart.
In 2011, she became the Best Turkish Act at the MTV Europe Music Awards.
Personal life
Atiye was born on 22 November 1988 to a Turkish father of Arab descent and Dutch mother and spent her childhood in the Netherlands, the United States and Turkey. She Studied arts at the CKE in the Netherlands and moved to Turkey in 2008. Besides speaking German, Turkish and Dutch, she also speaks English and French whilst learning Spanish.
Discography
Albums
Gözyaşlarım 2007 Sony Music
Atiye 2009 Sony Music
Budur 2011 Pasaj
Soygun Var 2013 Pasaj
Deli İşi 2022 Mikslarj
Singles
"Yetmez" (2014)
"Sor" (2015)
"Come to Me" (2015)
"Abrakadabra" (2015)
"İnşallah Canım Ya" (2016)
"Cimali Vali" (from the Bana Git De movie soundtrack) (2016)
"Zamansız Aşklar" (2017)
"Radiant Night" (2017)
"We Got That La" (2017)
"Hisset" (2018)
"Tom Tom" (2019)
"Ses Seda Yok" (2021)
"Allem Kallem" (2022)
Duets
Kal (with Teoman)
Güzelim (with Sultana)
Aşkistan (with Ozan Doğulu)
Nasıl Yani (with İskender Paydaş & Mirkelam)
Filmography
Bu İşte Bir Yalnızlık Var (2013)
Bana Git De (2016) – Leyal
References
External links
Official website
1988 births
Living people
Dutch pop singers
Turkish Arab people
21st-century Dutch singers
21st-century Dutch women singers
MTV Europe Music Award winners
The 2015–16 Women's EHF Challenge Cup was the 19th edition of the European Handball Federation's fourth-tier competition for women's handball clubs, running from 14 November 2015.
Round and draw dates
All draws held at the European Handball Federation headquarters in Vienna, Austria.
Qualification stage
Round 3
Teams listed first played the first leg at home. Some teams agreed to play both matches in the same venue. Bolded teams qualified into last 16.
|}
Notes
a Both legs were hosted by ŽRK Aranđelovac.
b Both legs were hosted by HIFK.
c Both legs were hosted by Metraco Zaglebie Lubin.
d Both legs were hosted by Schuler Afbouwgroep/DOS.
e Both legs were hosted by HC Vardar junior.
Last 16
Teams listed first played the first leg at home. Some teams agreed to play both matches in the same venue. Bolded teams qualified into quarterfinals.
|}
Notes
a Both legs were hosted by Kastamonu Bld. GSK.
b Both legs were hosted by Schuler Afbouwgroep.
c Both legs were hosted by Colegio de Gaia.
Quarterfinals
Teams listed first played the first leg at home. Some teams agreed to play both matches in the same venue. Teams listed first played the first leg at home. Bolded teams qualified for the semifinals.
|}
Notes
a Both legs were hosted by Gran Canaria.
b Both legs were hosted by Kastamonu Bld. GSK.
Semifinals
|}
Final
Team listed first played the first leg at home.
|}
See also
2015–16 Women's EHF Champions League
2015–16 Women's EHF Cup Winners' Cup
2015–16 Women's EHF Cup
Women's EHF Challenge Cup
EHF Challenge Cup
EHF Challenge Cup
State Route 136 (SR 136) is a state highway in Monroe County in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Alabama. The western terminus of the highway is at an intersection with SR 21 south of Monroeville. The eastern terminus of the route is at an intersection with U.S. Route 84 and SR 41 near the Monroe–Conecuh county line, at a point east of Excel.
Route description
SR 136 is aligned along a two-lane road for its entire length. It begins at an intersection with SR 21 (South Alabama Avenue) just south of Monroeville. It travels to the south and intersects US 84 (internally designated as SR 12)/SR 41. It curves to the south-southwest and intersects the southern terminus of Monroe County Route 27 (CR 27; Sugar Hill Road). It then enters the small town of Excel, the birthplace of former Alabama Crimson Tide and Dallas Cowboys linebacker Lee Roy Jordan. There, it intersects both the eastern terminus of Monroe CR 23 (Excel–Frisco Highway) and the northern terminus of Monroe CR 18 (South Main Street). At this intersection, SR 136 turns left and begins traveling to the east. One block later is an intersection with the northern terminus of Monroe CR 35 (Kelly Avenue). It passes Excel Cemetery before leaving the city limits of Excel. Just after leaving Excel, the highway crosses over Corley Creek. Farther to the east is an intersection with Monroe CR 37 (Dottelle Road). It then curves to the east-northeast and reaches its eastern terminus, a second intersection with US 84/SR 41.
History
SR 136 was formed in 1963 along the former route of SR 21 heading eastward from Monroeville.
Major intersections
See also
References
136
Transportation in Monroe County, Alabama
Royal Air Force Khormaksar or more simply RAF Khormaksar was a Royal Air Force (RAF) station in Aden, Yemen. Its motto was "Into the Remote Places". During the 1960s, it was the base for nine squadrons and became the RAF's busiest-ever station as well as the biggest staging post for the RAF between the United Kingdom and Singapore.
It later became Aden International Airport.
History
Established in 1917, RAF Khormaksar was enlarged in 1945 as the British spread their influence deeper into the Arabian Peninsula. No. 8 Squadron RAF arrived in 1927, and stayed until 1945, operating the Fairey IIIF, Vickers Vincent, Hawker Demon, Martin Maryland, Fairey Swordfish, and the Lockheed Hudson.
On 10 June 1940, Italy declared war on Britain and France, and Aden quickly became an important British base for the East African Campaign. Khormaksar launched its first combat sorties three days later, when 8 Squadrons sent nine Bristol Blenheims to bomb an airfield at Assab in Italian Eritrea, across the Red Sea from Aden on 12 June. Five Vincents attacking the same airfield that night. On 5 August 1940, Italy invaded British Somaliland, and 8 Squadrons Blenheims flew missions against advancing Italian troop columns. The Italians heavily outnumbered the British and Commonwealth defences, and the port of Berbera, immediately south of Aden across the Gulf of Aden, was occupied by the Italians on 19 August.
8 Squadrons continued to be based at Khormaksar equipped with Blenheims. The squadron flew Vickers Wellington XIIIs were flown from December 1943 until May 1945.
In 1943 a Communication Squadron, HQ British Forces Aden Communication Squadron, was established here. It changed names twice in 1951 and 1955 before being disbanded in 1956.
In 1958, a state of emergency was declared in Aden as Yemeni forces occupied nearby Jebel Jehaf and RAF squadrons were involved in action in support of the British Army. In the 1960s, during operations around Rhadfan, the station reached a peak of activity, becoming overcrowded and attracting ground attacks by rebels. In 1966, the newly elected Labour government in the United Kingdom announced that all forces would be withdrawn by 1968.
In May 1967, it was expected that planned final force levels at Kormaksar ahead of the January 1968 withdrawal would be:
*The Army element, comprising Tactical Headquarters Aden Brigade, one commando, one battalion, one armoured car troop, one light artillery troop, one engineer troop and elements of the small Joint Headquarters. Total of some 1,150 personnel.
*The RAF element, comprising a squadron of Hunters and a Wessex flight (both with servicing support parties), a visiting aircraft servicing party, the Communications Centre, elements of an ATOC, movements, airfield services and elements of the Joint Headquarters. Total of some 350 personnel.
Khormaksar played a role in the evacuation of British families from Aden in the summer of 1967. The station closed on 29 November 1967.
Units and aircraft
No. 8 Squadron RAF was based at Khormaksar on eight occasions:
1927–1945 operating the Fairey IIIF, Vickers Vincent, Hawker Demon, Bristol Blenheim, Martin Maryland, Fairey Swordfish, Lockheed Hudson and Vickers Wellington
1946–1950 operating the de Havilland Mosquito, Hawker Tempest and Bristol Brigand
1950–1951 operating the Bristol Brigand, Avro Anson and Auster AOP6
1951–1952 as before
1952–1953 operating the Bristol Brigand and de Havilland Vampire
1953–1956 operating the de Havilland Vampire and de Havilland Venom
1956–1961 operating the de Havilland Venom, Gloster Meteor and Hawker Hunter
1960–1967 operating the Hawker Hunter FGA.9 and T.7
1960–1963 operating the Hawker Hunter FR.10
No. 84 Squadron RAF were based between 1956 and 1967 and operated the Vickers Valetta, Bristol Sycamore, Percival Pembroke, Blackburn Beverley and Hawker Siddeley Andover.
See also
British Forces Aden
Air Forces Middle East
References
Citations
Bibliography
Sturtivant, Ray, ISO and John Hamlin. RAF Flying Training And Support Units since 1912. Tonbridge, Kent, UK: Air-Britain (Historians) Ltd., 2007. .
External links
Crest Badge and Information of RAF Khormaksar
Personal histories and photos from RAF Khormaksar in the 1960s
Photos from RAF Khormaksar in the mid 1960s
Aircraft stationed and visiting RAF Khormaksar
Khormaksar
Khor
Airports in Yemen
Aden
World War II airfields in the Aden Protectorate
World War II sites in Aden
Ørum Church (danish: Ørum Kirke) is a church in the town of Nørre Ørum in Skive Municipality, Denmark and serves as the seat of Ørum Parish.
The church is located on a hill near Hjarbæk Fjord, which had a substantial port during the middle ages, but was abandoned after the water level fell.
Building
The tower was first erected during the 17th century, followed by the altar and pulpit. The altar is decorated with manneristic paintings and an altarpiece painting from 1858 by N. Skov.
The choir and nave were built in the romanesque style and have flat beamed ceilings. A stone on the choir's southeast corner is inlaid with a check pattern and its meaning is a subject of debate. The panels and doors in the nave are decorated with pietistic allegorical paintings from the 18th century.
In 1894, the church porch was added and in 1957 the church was renovated. Both of the church's original rectangular doors have been preserved; the south door is still in use, though the north door has been walled in. The church's bell was constructed in the 13th century and was use until 1972.
References
External links
Churches in the diocese of Viborg
Churches in the Central Denmark Region
Matej Oravec (born 30 March 1998) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays as a centre-back and defensive midfielder for Slovak Fortuna Liga club Železiarne Podbrezová.
Club career
Spartak Trnava
Oravec made his professional Fortuna Liga debut for Spartak Trnava against Podbrezová on 17 July 2016.
Philadelphia Union
On 20 January 2020, Oravec moved to MLS side Philadelphia Union.
He was loaned to Železiarne Podbrezová in July 2021. Philadelphia Union and Oravec mutually agree to part ways on 7 July 2022.
Honours
Spartak Trnava
Fortuna Liga: 2017–18
References
External links
FC Spartak Trnava official club profile
Futbalnet profile
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Trnava
Slovak footballers
Slovak expatriate footballers
Slovakia youth international footballers
Slovakia under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
FC Spartak Trnava players
FK Železiarne Podbrezová players
FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda players
Philadelphia Union players
Slovak Super Liga players
2. Liga (Slovakia) players
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Counterstrike is a British science fiction television series produced by the BBC in 1969. It starred Jon Finch as an alien living on Earth posing as a journalist named Simon King. As King, he attempts to prevent an alien invasion.
The series
Counterstrike was originally proposed to the BBC in 1966 and a theme tune and effects were produced, but the project was shelved due to the airing of the US import series The Invaders on ITV, which had a similar premise.
It lasted for one series of ten episodes, of which nine episodes were actually transmitted. "Out of Mind", the sixth episode, was cancelled on the night it was due to be shown and was replaced by a documentary on the Kray brothers who, on the same day, had been refused leave to appeal against their prison sentences. "Out of Mind" was, for unknown reasons, never rescheduled; it remained unscreened and was subsequently wiped from the BBC Archives, thus making it one of the rarest pieces of British science-fiction television.
"King's Gambit", "Joker One", "On Ice" and "Nocturne" still exist in the BBC Archives as 16mm black and white film telerecordings, while the remaining five transmitted instalments "Monolith", "The Lemming Syndrome", "Backlash", "All That Glisters" and "The Mutant" – are listed as missing by the Lost Shows website.
Episodes
Episode descriptions are from the Radio Times
King's Gambit (8 September 1969)
Two apparently respectable businessmen, running an electronics factory, are investigated by a journalist called Simon King. The businessmen turn out to be far from respectable and the journalist, they discover, is not a journalist. Who is Simon King—or rather, what is he?
Joker One (15 September 1969)
Every war has a flash-point, a fuse, a detonator—something, however small, that triggers it off. In 1914 it was an assassin's bullet at Sarajevo. What could trigger off an atomic war today? The Centaurans think they have the answer. And Simon, of all people, appears to be helping them...
On Ice (22 September 1969)
Three scientists are mysteriously lost on a sledging party that set out from a polar research station.
Nocturne (29 September 1969)
The madman lives in a No-Man's-Land a borderline between fantasy and reality... where the real becomes unreal, the unreal real—and life itself a waking nightmare. Simon finds himself living in such a nightmare. Has he gone mad or is he merely suffering from temporary delusions? Above all, why should he want to kill a perfect stranger?
Monolith (6 October 1969)
Sir Charles Munday is the richest man in the world. Might there be a Centauran plan to murder him?
Out of Mind (unaired; scheduled for 13 October 1969)
Mary, visiting a village where she stayed as a child, finds that the woman who used to look after her, Hannah Webley, is now regarded as a witch by the superstitious villagers and Mary herself is soon caught up in the ensuing witch hunt.
The Lemming Syndrome (20 October 1969)
A hundred and forty-three people in one small seaside town commit suicide by drowning. Or were they under some strange and alien influence? Simon decides they probably were ...
Backlash (27 October 1969)
In a period of student riots, strong calls for a return to ' law and order' are made by General Falcon, a blood-and-guts commander of the Korean war. Suddenly he starts to emerge as an important political figure capable of swaying public and government opinion during an international crisis. Such a man, Simon King decides, is dangerous.
All That Glisters (3 November 1969)
When adults start acting childishly it is no surprise to Simon. By his standards most people are childish. But when they start acting childishly even by their own standards—when a grown man plays hopscotch and another falls off a rocking horse—then something is wrong. But can there be any connection between childish behaviour and the Centauran plan to take over the earth? It seems unlikely—but Centauran plans frequently do. Until they start to work...
The Mutant (10 November 1969)
A deadly new germ gets loose at a biological warfare laboratory. Can an antidote be found before the germ spreads into a killer plague?
Cast
Sarah Brackett as Mary
Jon Finch as Simon King
Katie Fitzroy as Control
References
External links
BBC Television shows
British science fiction television shows
Lost BBC episodes
Black-and-white British television shows
1960s British drama television series
1960s British science fiction television series
English-language television shows
Churchill School is a public, day and boarding school for boys aged 12 to 19 located in the Eastlea suburb of Harare, Zimbabwe. The school had the first school pipe band in Zimbabwe and produces cricket players of national and international calibre.
At one time, the school's pipe band was in the Guinness Book of Records for the longest piping hours. Pipers Neville Workman, Patrick Forth, Paul Harris and Clive Higgins blew their pipes for a combined 100 hours in July 1976, breaking the previous record of eighty hours. It has also produced Legendary athletes like Fabian Muyaba who was the 13th fastest in the world during the early 90s and the fastest in Zimbabwe that time.
History
Founded in 1950 as Eastlea Boys' High School, headmaster E.J. 'Jeeves' Hougaard helped inspire most of Churchill's traditions. Hougaard is credited with establishing the name of the school and its affiliation to Winston Churchill and his family, and the school mascot, the bulldog. The school was established using the name Eastlea Boys High School and operated at Roosevelt Girls High for the first two terms while a block was being built at Eastlea Boys High. It happened then that the headmaster, Mr. Hougaard, wrote to the then Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Sir Winston Spencer Churchill, to rename the Eastlea Boys High School after him and the permission was granted. Since then the school has been known as Churchill School.
Houses
Two boarding houses, which had about 180 pupils, were named Winston and Spencer houses. The games house (Akroyd, Beaumont, Cardell, Hamilton, Maxwell and Wakeham) recall pilots who died in the Battle of Britain. These houses compete in sports and cultural activities for the prestigious Governor's Cup.
Sport
The school offers a number of sporting disciplines such as rugby, baseball, hockey, cricket, basketball, tennis, soccer, water polo, volleyball, golf, swimming, athletics, cross-country, squash, chess and, at one time, shooting. It has a very passionate sporting culture which has been carried on for generations. It is regarded as one of Zimbabwe's best sporting schools and competes for top honours with Harare's other big sporting schools, mainly St George's College, St John's College and Prince Edward School. The bulldogs hold a top ten spot in every sporting discipline that they offer.
Their cricket team is the most successful high school cricket team in Zimbabwe as it has held the number one spot in Zimbabwe's Schools Cricket One Day League and has produced players like Prosper Utseya, Hamilton Masakadza, Tatenda Taibu, Elton Chigumbura, Douglas Hondo and Lameck Mufambisi.
Their baseball team was ranked as one of the best teams in Zimbabwe since 2015. The team has produced top players In the sport including Joel Tenderere, Cuthbert Nyamangara, Ashlon Chibvuri, Courage Chaibva and Tafadzwa Kasiyamhuru who have all managed to play for Zimbabwe's first team.
Their soccer team is also one of the most popular teams in the country and has gone on to produce soccer stars such as Samson Choruwa, Norman Maroto and Eddie Mashiri.
The volleyball team has also been the backbone of the Churchill pride, being the best team in the country. Their glory is credited from more than 5 years of an undefeated streak of the 2006 to 2011 era. During this period national team players like Nyasha (Rasnas) Takawira, Tatenda (Nhapsy) Mapigoti, Tawanda (Dzugi) Pamire, Misheck Mutambirwa, Tawanda (Pladzva) Mafuwa to mention a few came out of the great institution Churchill. It was the first school to form a schools club volleyball team that competed in the national volleyball league of Zimbabwe, and crown the national clubs champions 2006–8.
In 2008 Churchill Volleyball team toured Towoomba Australia for schools cup and finished second in division 1 and was always in the top three of the league. Churchill become Zimbabwe volleyball power house directed by Head Coach Mr. Arron Mutede who joined Churchill in 1999. It is popularly known as the Bulldogs Volleyball.
The rugby team, which is popularly known as the bulldogs, enjoys a relative amount of success and like the cricket team, is highly rated. It is the most important team in the school and has also produced excellent rugby players, namely Tendai Mtawarira, Tangai Nemadire, Jed, Shingie, Sibanda, Madondo, Dan Hondo, and Bryan Taylor of the then Rhodesia Boys' U21 1st XV and captain of the school's 1st XV (1960).
Boxer Derek Chisora attended during the 1990s and went on to fight for a World title.
See also
List of schools in Zimbabwe
List of boarding schools
References
Schools in Harare
Boarding schools in Zimbabwe
Day schools in Zimbabwe
Boys' schools in Zimbabwe
Boys' high schools in Zimbabwe
High schools in Zimbabwe
Educational institutions established in 1950
1950 establishments in Southern Rhodesia
Judita Leitaitė (born 27 December 1959) is Lithuanian opera singer and mezzo-soprano.
Biography
In 1984 graduated from Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre. In 2008 she participated in LNK TV show "Žvaigždžių duetai".
In 2004 Judita Leitaitė received the National Lithuanian Order of Vytautas the Great for career merits.
Discography
Judita Leitaitė. (1996)
Judita Leitaitė. (1996)
Mis canciones favoritas escandinavas (1998)
Le canto al amor. (2003)
Requiem in memoriam Stasys Lozoraitis (2003)
Skrendančios De Navidad. (2004)
Ave Maria.''' (2004)
Gueto banda sonora original. (2006)
Yo Canto Para Usted. (2006)
Judita Leitaitė. Sergei Krinicinas. (2006)
CD de oro de 2007 (2007)
Yo elijo el amor.. (2007)
Para Ti, mi Ángel. (2009)
Юдита Лейтайте. Сергей Мальцев. (2009)
Сергей Мальцев. Юдита Лейтайте. (2010)
Sinceramente Suyo. (2010)
Judita Leitaitė (2014)
References
Further reading
Tamara Vainauskienė. Judita Leitaitė. Visuotinė lietuvių enciklopedija, T. XI (Kremacija-Lenzo taisyklė). – Vilnius: Mokslo ir enciklopedijų leidybos institutas, 2007, 699 psl.
External links
(archived 2017)
Profile
Interview celebrating her 60th birthday, with photographs Google translation of title: Soloist Judita Leitaitė, who celebrated her 60th birthday: "I would really like my train not to stop"''
1959 births
Living people
Lithuanian mezzo-sopranos
Lithuanian opera singers
Recipients of the Order of Vytautas the Great
Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre alumni
20th-century Lithuanian women singers
21st-century Lithuanian women singers
20th-century women opera singers
21st-century women opera singers
CGN may refer to:
CGN, a gene that encodes for the protein cingulin
Ceredigion, formerly Cardiganshire, historic county in Wales, Chapman code
China General Nuclear Power Group, a Chinese energy company
Compagnie Générale de Navigation sur le lac Léman, a Swiss company operating boats on Lake Léman
Childhood gender nonconformity, a childhood behavioral pattern
CGN, IATA code for Cologne Bonn Airport, Germany
CGN, National Rail station code for Cogan railway station, Wales
CGN, U.S. Navy designation for a nuclear-powered guided missile cruiser
Carrier-grade NAT, an approach to IPv4 network design where end sites are configured with private network addresses
CGN, cis Golgi network, compartment of the Golgi apparatus
Crescentic glomerulonephritis, a syndrome of the kidney that is characterized by a rapid loss of kidney function
CGN, Computer Glitch Ninjas, A computer hardware and software hacker collective.
Miss World Spain 2017 was the 5th edition of the Miss World Spain pageant, held on September 16, 2017. The winner was Maria Elisabeth Tulián Marín of Balearic Islands and she represented Spain in Miss World 2017. This was the first edition of Miss World Spain under the Nuestra Belleza España after they gained the franchise the previous year after the Be Miss Organization gave up the license to focus solely on Miss Universe Spain.
Final results
Placements
Challenge Events
Beauty with a Purpose
Multimedia
Top Model
Sports
Talent
Swimsuit
Regional Costume
Judges
Fran Fajardo, journalist from the Canary Islands 7
Mireia Lalaguna Royo , Miss World Spain 2015 and Miss World 2015
Susana de la Llave Varón, Miss Spain World 1988 and 4th Runner-Up of Miss World 1988
Official Delegates
Notes
Did not compete
Aragón
Ceuta
Galicia
References
External links
Miss Spain
2017 in Spain
2017 beauty pageants
Sir David Murray (29 January 1849 in Glasgow, Scotland – 14 November 1933 in Marylebone, England) was a Scottish landscape painter.
Biography
He was the son of a shoemaker, James Murray. He worked for eleven years for two mercantile firms, while studying in the evenings at the Glasgow School of Art under Robert Greenlees, finally devoting himself full-time to an artistic career from about 1875. He became an Associate of the Royal Scottish Academy in 1881, moving to London in 1882 where he was an immediate success. His 'My Love has gone a-Sailing' exhibited in 1884 was purchased by the Chantrey Trustees for the Tate Gallery.
In 1891 Murray was elected an Associate of the Royal Academy, and a full member of the Royal Academy in 1905. About 1886 he broadened his horizons and travelled to the continent, but all of his more characteristic work was done in Scotland or England. Murray was a member of Glasgow Art Club and exhibited in the club's annual exhibitions.
He became president of the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours in succession to Sir James Linton in 1917; the year before he was knighted in 1918. Murray did not marry and during the whole of his life in London, he occupied the same bachelor's quarters, a studio on Portland Place.
A portrait of Sir David Murray by the Scottish painter James Coutts Michie is held by the Aberdeen Art Gallery.
References
External links
Profile on Royal Academy of Arts Collections
19th-century Scottish painters
Scottish male painters
20th-century Scottish painters
1849 births
1933 deaths
Artists from Glasgow
Scottish landscape painters
Royal Academicians
19th-century Scottish male artists
20th-century Scottish male artists
Golshanabad (, also Romanized as Golshanābād; also known as Shādābeh) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 89, in 28 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
John Smith was a 19th-century industrialist in Andover, Massachusetts, whose Smith & Dove Co. mill employed up to 300 people spinning twine and thread from flax. Smith was also a philanthropist who inspired the building of the town's Memorial Hall Library and an abolitionist who co-founded the Free Christian Church on the principle of freedom for all people.
History
Smith was born in Brechin, Scotland in 1797. At age 8, following his father's death, he began to work on farms and in flax mills to support his family.
Smith emigrated to the United States via Halifax, Nova Scotia, arriving on Dec. 15, 1816. He worked as a machinist in Watertown and Medway before starting his own business, John Smith & Co., in Plymouth. He later asked his brother, Peter, to join him in America.
Smith and his business partners, Joseph Faulkner and Warren Richardson, moved their company to Andover in 1824. They built a mill on the east side of the Shawsheen River where they made machinery for the cotton industry. After Faulkner and Richardson died in 1829, Smith went into business with his brother, Peter, and his brother's friend, John Dove.
Smith purchased a farm and home on North Main Street formerly owned by Capt. Reuben Frye. The home dated to 1796. Smith remodeled, building a “fine mansion house” with piazzas and other architectural features favored by the wealthy. The home, subsequently named Shawsheen Manor, was demolished in 1988.
Smith died on Feb. 25, 1886, at age 89.
John Smith and his brother, Peter, are buried in the West Parish Garden Cemetery in Andover.
Smith & Dove Co.
John Smith's brother, Peter, and John Dove started a business to spin flax while making the machinery used in the spinning process. Later joined by John Smith, their company's first mill was in Andover's Frye Village (later Shawsheen Village) until moving up the Shawsheen River into the former Abbot Mill in 1843. The business incorporated as Smith & Dove Co. in 1864. The company supplied linen thread for boots worn by Union soldiers during the Civil War.
The company recruited workers from the founders' hometown of Brechin and by 1896 employed 300 people. Smith & Dove was sold to Ludlow Manufacturing in 1927, and the mills were closed the following year.
Wealth and Philanthropy
John Smith's personal wealth was significant, especially compared to other residents of Andover. The town's 1850 valuation assessed his personal property including his home, 45 1/2 acres of land, a twine factory, machine shop and other holdings at $31,020. In addition, Smith owned a significant personal estate, mostly in railroad and bank stock, whose assessed value was $47,324.
John Smith and the other founders of Smith & Dove Co. were philanthropists. John Smith, in particular, contributed to Phillips Academy and Abbot Academy.
John Smith was also instrumental in building Andover's Memorial Hall Library. Smith first proposed a reading room and library in honor of the town's residents who had died in the Civil War. He described the idea in a letter to his son, having been inspired by the public library he saw in his travels to Dresden, Germany. Smith put up $25,000 and sought contributions from others. His business partners gave $15,000. The effort eventually raised $63,000, which was used to build the town's library in 1873 and to purchase books.
Abolitionism
John Smith's abolitionism stemmed from his travels in Charleston, South Carolina, where he witnessed a slave auction. In a 1946 essay, Smith's granddaughter, Mary Byers Smith, described the young Scottish immigrant's decision in Fall 1819 to travel the country to learn “what was out here.” He traveled to Albany and Troy, New York, as well as New York City, where he found a berth on a ship bringing hay to Charleston, S.C. She quoted his account:“Off Cape Hatteras we experienced ... a severe gale but arrived in the Charleston Harbor safely, and I went on shore. I saw a crowd of people gathered on a vacant lot; I always went where there was a crowd–and what, think you, I saw there? It went to my heart like a shot: it was a sale of slaves.
“I remained and saw them bid off; one young fellow, named Anthony, about seventeen years of age, brought $750. After Anthony was sold, a woman was put up, with a child on each side of her, and a babe in her bosom. … She wept bitter tears and it made me weep to see her. She was bid off, and my heart recoiled at the sight.
“If there is anything wicked it is for one man to take another, to make him his beast, to beat him and to get all the work out of him possible, and to allow him to go blindly down into eternity without the knowledge of God.”Mary Byers Smith wrote that the encounter was “unquestionably” the “driving force” behind the founding of the Free Christian Church.
Smith's “strong belief that the end of slavery had to be opposed by the church” led him and others to withdraw from West Parish Church, where his brother, Peter, was a member. Smith and others founded the Free Christian Church on March 21, 1846, based on their abolitionist beliefs.
References
American abolitionists
1797 births
1886 deaths
People from Andover, Massachusetts
American business executives
People from Brechin
Phillips Academy
Abbot Academy
Hıdırşeyhler is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 239 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
"More" is a song by English singer Alison Moyet, which was released in 2003 as the third and final single from her fifth studio album Hometime. It was written by Moyet and Pete Glenister, and produced by Tim Norfolk and Bob Locke under the name The Insects.
Like the two previous singles from Hometime, the single failed to enter the UK Top 100, but did enter the Top 200, peaking at #127.
Unlike the two previous singles, a promotional video was filmed for the single.
The single's two B-Sides are "If You Don't Come Back To Me (Live)" and "Should I Feel That It's Over (Live)", which were both songs from Hometime, recorded live in October 2002. The B-Sides were exclusive to the single.
Critical reception
In a review of Hometime, Andy Stevens of the Press & Sun-Bulletin commented: "...still, Hometime is not devoid of sexiness, nor sass. Track 3 for example ("More") gives us a longing Moyet, smokily growling over lost love opportunities." Reviewing the 2016 deluxe edition of the album, Paul Scott-Bates of Louder Than War said the song was "perhaps the album highlight". He stated: "...like it or not, Alison gave one of her most sensual moments in a track that oozes lust and sexuality. With a performance nothing short of perfect, it remains stunning to this day."
Formats
CD Single (UK release)
"More" - 3:59
"If You Don't Come Back To Me (Live)" - 4:43
"Should I Feel That It's Over (Live)" - 4:01
Chart performance
Personnel
Photography – Paul Cox
Mixed By – Tim Norfolk, Bob Locke (The Insects)
Producer – Tim Norfolk, Bob Locke (The Insects)
References
2003 singles
Alison Moyet songs
Songs written by Alison Moyet
Songs written by Pete Glenister
Krystyna Szymańska-Lara (born 30 September 1969, in Nidzica) is a Polish former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1969 births
Living people
Polish women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Poland
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
People from Nidzica
Sportspeople from Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
Elio Ramon Gonzalez (December 8, 1923 – March 9, 2013), better known as Neneco Norton, was a Paraguayan musician, composer and orchestra director. Norton was born in 1923 in Asuncion, Paraguay on December 8, the day of the festival of the Virgin of Caacupé, an important date for Paraguayans. His parents were Apolonio Benitez and Hermelinda Gonzalez.
Early career
Neneco got his start in music when he played trumpet in the battalion band of the Rojas Silva battalion of Salesianito, a private school in Asuncion. His lessons in elementary music theory were taken with Ernesto Pérez Acosta. He learned theory and higher sight-reading with maestro Jose de Jesus Villalba, and then studied harmony with Professor Otakar Platill.
While in the Rojas Silva battalion, he formed a musical group. Its members included Luis Meza Osmer, Rubito Medina on guitar, Benjamin Cabañas on clarinet, and a singer who later would be famous: Luis Alberto del Paraná.
Norton was awarded the title of senior professor of theory and music theory at the Jorge Baez Conservatory. He formed his own orchestra, Los Caballeros del Ritmo, a remarkable grouping comprising Rudy Heyn, Chon Duarte, Paco Gomez, Victorio Ortiz and Nelson Mendoza. The band went on tour throughout Paraguay, as well as to cities in Argentina, Brazil, and Uruguay.
Song writing career
Norton has written more than eighty compositions. The guarania "Aquel Ayer," a renowned work, marked his first experience in the field of composition and was recorded by Luis Alberto del Paraná, who catapulted it to success. He is the author of one of the most well known Paraguayan songs, "Paloma Blanca" (The White Dove). This song has been recorded by countless national and international performers, including Julio Iglesias. This success was joined by numerous compositions throughout his long career as a composer, conductor, and orchestral arranger. Other highlights include "Buscándote" and "Tus Ojos". The song "Yo vì un Amanecer," with lyrics by journalist Humberto Rubin and with the voice of Niño Pereira, represented Paraguay in the Third World Song Festival held in Rio de Janeiro.
Singers such as Luis Alberto del Parana, Agustín Barboza, Pura Agüero Vera, Ñeco Gonzalez, and Oscar Barreto Aguayo sought the direction and orchestral arrangements of Norton for making records and for live presentations on television, radio, and in theaters.
Singers such as Luis Alberto del Paraná, Samuel Aguayo, Hannibal Lovera, Ramona Galarza, and Julio Iglesias; and groups such as Indios, Alberto y Los Trios Paraguayos, Los Gomez, and Los Tres Sudamericanos (Paraguayan); as well as Herminio Giménez, Florentín Giménez, Luis Bordón, and Bernardo Avalos have recorded compositions by Neneco Norton.
Compositions for the stage
In addition to writing songs, Neneco was devoted to compose musical works for the local theater, called Paraguayan Zarzuela.
He collaborated with Paraguayan playwright and journalist Alcibiades González Delvalle to create works such as Reseda, Naranjera, Ribereña, The Arribeños, La Morena, Del Trigal, El Delegado and Cañaveral. Neneco also worked with playwright Mario Halley Mora in La Promesera of Caacupé and Mustafa. With Críspulo Melgarejo he shared the authorship of Marido de Contrabando, El Gringo de la Loma and Escuela Pyhare. Librettist Rogelio Silverado was another creative companion of Neneco Norton. Their collaborations included the play La Candeladria de mi Barrio.
Final years and Death
Despite his age, in his final years Neneco Norton served as professor of Paraguayan popular folk music at the National Conservatory of Music and as a teacher in the school of Villa Elisa, Maria Auxiliadora School. He was an active member of the steering committee for the Autores Paraguayos Asociados (APA), and taught composition and the structure of Paraguayan music.
He died on March 9th, 2013 at the age of 89 after being hospitalized for 2 months due to pneumonia complications.
Awards
The Municipality of Asuncion gave Norton Neneco the distinction of beloved son of the capital city of Asuncion, because the city was one of the great inspirations for his work.
References
1923 births
2013 deaths
Male composers
Paraguayan composers
Paraguayan musicians
White Polish is an ethnicity classification used in Scotland at the 2011 United Kingdom Census. In the census, the White Polish population was 61,201 or 1.16% of the total population in Scotland.
In England and Wales, the category is not designated, and instead the ONS provides the categories of White British, or Other White, for Polish Britons in England and Wales.
The Scottish Government's policy since 2011, however, has been to include "White Polish" as a specific subgrouping of the 5,084,407 white people recorded in Scotland at the last UK census. Other subgroupings in Scotland's census are "White Scottish", "White Other British", "White Irish", "White Gypsy / Traveller", and "White Other White".
Terminology
Local government, NHS and police
Outside of the national census, many county councils additionally use the "White Polish" category in local statistics, as do Police Scotland, and regional health boards of NHS Scotland. Some of the local governments that use the category include Angus Council and Dundee City Council.
Demographics
Population and distribution
The distribution of people who consider themselves to be White Polish is most concentrated in North East Scotland, with up to 3 percent in Aberdeen at the 2011 census. Edinburgh had around a 3 percent White Polish populace, and Dundee a 1.4 percent, at the latest census. As of June 2015, around 3,000 people who identified with the category resided in Fife, which amounted to 0.8% the county's population.
Despite there being a long history of Polish immigration to Scotland, and therefore Polish ancestry within the country, data from the 2011 census suggests that the Scottish-born White Polish population were overwhelming the children of recent Polish migrants. Analyzed in Scottish Affairs, 80 percent of White Polish infants were under the age of 3, suggesting that Scottish residents with Polish ancestry dating further back (such as the significant migrations of Poles during and after World War II) were most likely identifying as White Scottish.
As the category was introduced in 2011, in statistical research White Polish data is sometimes compared with the category of Other White for pre-2011 analysis.
Economic status and language
In the 2011 census results, at 56 percent; White Polish people were most likely to be working as a full-time employee. The data also showed that people who self-identified as White Polish were most likely to be economically active in Scotland, at rate of 86 percent of the group. In 2020, a Global Health Policy Unit publication identified 35 percent of the grouping as working in "elementary occupations", which linked this to health risks, such as disproportionate exposure to COVID-19.
In 2011, the General Register Office for Scotland found that 1 percent of the population used the Polish language at home exclusively, which was around the same percentage as use of Scots, and twice that of Scottish Gaelic.
Religion
Statistically, White Polish are more likely to be Christian than other religions. According to the 2011 UK Census, 49,537 White Polish (nearly 81%) are Christian in Scotland, the vast majority of which are Roman Catholic (46,963 persons), with smaller representations being Church of Scotland (524 persons), and 2,050 registering as "Other Christian".
Social and health issues
Discrimination
Between 2013 and 2014, Police Scotland data showed that up to 14 percent of victims of racist incidents fell under the category of White Polish. Between April and June 2015, Police Scotland Forth Valley division's statistics (covering Clackmannanshire, Falkirk and Stirling) found that those defined as "White Polish" were the victims in 4.8% of the recorded hate crime-related incidents.
In 2020, the Daily Record reported accounts from former students of racial discrimination directed towards people who identified as, or were perceived to be, White Polish, at St Augustine's R.C. High School in Edinburgh.
Health
Scottish residents in the White Polish category generally reported good health under the age of 65. Both men and women, who listed themselves as White Polish, recorded almost half the rates of ill health than those of men and women identifying as White Scottish. A 2019 Ethnicity & Health analysis also demonstrated better health among the White Polish population compared with White Scottish data.
Between 12 March and 14 June 2020, of the 4,070 recorded COVID-19-involved deaths in Scotland, the White Polish group had one of the lowest shares at less than 0.1%, compared with White Irish at 1.3%, and White Scottish at 88.6%. In May 2020, a University of Edinburgh report associated the group's tendency to "elementary occupations" with risk of exposure to the virus.
Housing
In 2011, people in the category of White Polish were most likely to experience overcrowding in Scottish households.
See also
Ethnic groups in the United Kingdom
Demographics of the United Kingdom
Demographics of Scotland
List of United Kingdom censuses
Classification of ethnicity in the United Kingdom
National Statistics Socio-economic Classification
Genetic history of the British Isles
Historical immigration to Great Britain
List of English districts and their ethnic composition
Poles
Polish people in the United Kingdom
References
Polish diaspora in the United Kingdom
Nukufilm OÜ is an animation studio in Tallinn, Estonia. This studio is the biggest stop-motion animation studio in Northern Europe.
The studio was established in 1957.
In 1993, the studio was disjointed from Tallinnfilm. Since 1993, the studio's director is Arvo Nuut.
Produced animated films
During its existence of over 60 years, the studio is produced over 200 animated films (for full list, see list of Estonian animated films).
References
External links
Nukufilm OÜ, entry in Estonian Film Database
Film production companies of Estonia
Onagrodes barbarula is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found on New Ireland.
The wingspan is about 24 mm.
References
Moths described in 1958
Eupitheciini
Cyril is the first solo album by Dutch singer-songwriter Cyril Havermans. It was recorded in 1973 after Havermans left Dutch progressive rock band Focus. The parting was amicable and came about partly as a result of Havermans' desire to include more vocal content (Focus are primarily an instrumental band). His erstwhile band-mates contribute much instrumentation to the album.
The songs are, for the most part, short acoustic guitar driven numbers and bear little resemblance to Focus material (Havermans did not write for the band). The lyrics are in English, apart from the traditional song "The Humpbacked Flute Player".
Track listing
All tracks composed by Cyril Havermans except where noted
"A Long Line of Goodbyes" – 2:09
"A Charm of Love Can Be" – 2:50
"Theme for an Imaginary Lady" – 4:33
"Ev'ry Day (Just For You)" – 2:40
"Share Those Dreams" – 3:01
"Get Yourself By" – 2:08
"The Humpbacked Flute Player" (traditional) – 3:18
"Lady Sad Song" – 3:30
"There's a Pain" – 2:37
"Broken Dreams" – 2:42
Personnel
Cyril Havermans – vocals, acoustic guitar, bass guitar
Jan Akkerman – electric guitar
Thijs van Leer – electric piano, flute, organ
Pierre van der Linden – drums
John D'Andrea – piano
Chuck Demonico – acoustic bass
Emile Richards – percussion
Jackie Ward – backing vocals
Andrea Willis – backing vocals
Maxine Willard – backing vocals
Citations
1973 debut albums
Cyril Havermans albums
Slimka (born Cassim Sall; April 30, 1994), is a Swiss rapper. Born in Geneva, Switzerland to an Italian-German mother and a Senegalese-Malian father, he is considered one of the principal representatives of French Swiss rap along with his fellow rappers who form the Genevan Superwak Clique: Di-Meh, Makala and Varnish la Piscine. He credits Di-Meh and Makala for his continued enthusiasm in making music and cites them as his biggest motivators.
Life
In his youth and throughout his adolescence, Cassim played soccer before later moving from sports towards focusing on modelling and rapping. Since 2014, he has done features alongside members of the Superwak Clique, a collective of Genevan hip-hop artists with two prominent members being Di-Meh and Makala. After these first song features, appearing in concert with the Superwak Clique, and on Makala's Varaignée, pt. 1 mixtape, he quickly cultivated his unique image and stood out for his unique voice and aggressive style of rapping. In April 2017, SLimka released his first project titled No Bad, Vol. 1. His mixtape did relatively well, reaching number 35 on the Schweizer Hitparade in the first week of its release. The following year, he released the second part of the mixtape No Bad, Vol. 2. The project could be considered a success for a rising artist as it brought the Superwak Clique to greater prominence in Switzerland and was 25th on the Schweizer Hitparade.
In 2020, he released the EP Tunnel Vision Prelude that, as its name indicates, precedes the release of his first album named Tunnel Vision. The promotion of the album began with the release of two singles, Headshot and Rainbow in early 2021.
Discography
Albums
Tunnel Vision (2021)
EPs
Tunnel Vision Prelude (2020)
Mixtapes
No Bad, Vol. 1 (2017)
No Bad, Vol. 2 (2018)
Singles
Depeche Mode(feat. Makala & Di-Meh) (2018)
SupSup (2018)
Icy Twice(feat. Unknown) (2018)
A Plus, A Ciao (feat. Di-Meh)(2018)
Slide (2020)
Headshot (2021)
Rainbow (2021)
References
21st-century Swiss musicians
Swiss rappers
Living people
21st-century male musicians
Swiss people of Italian descent
Swiss people of German descent
Swiss people of Senegalese descent
Swiss people of Malian descent
1994 births
Murupara is a town located in the Whakatāne District and Bay of Plenty Region of New Zealand's North Island. The town is situated in an isolated part of the region between the Kaingaroa Forest and Te Urewera protected area, on the banks of the Rangitaiki River, 65 kilometres southeast of Rotorua.
It is located on SH38 and is the terminus of the Murupara Railway Branch. The town's principal industries are all related to forestry.
Murupara is in the rohe (tribal area) of the Ngāti Manawa iwi.
The Māori language name means "to wipe off mud".
History and culture
History
Murupara was previously a staging post on the road between Rotorua and Napier. In the early 1900s, the planting of exotic trees began on the surrounding scrubland. This area is now known as the Kaingaroa Forest, with 1,400 square kilometres of planted pines. As the main service centre for the many forestry workers and their families, Murupara grew to a population of over 3,000. Recent changes to the forestry contracting system have brought about a decrease in the number of permanent residents.
The settlements of Galatea, Horomanga, Kopuriki, Aniwhenua, Waiohau and Murupara lie between the boundary of the Kaingaroa Forest, the popular Te Urewera and Whirinaki Te Pua-a-Tāne Conservation Park. Earlier history is also evident around Murupara. In a rock shelter approximately eight kilometres west of the town centre are a number of ancient cave drawings.
Murupara was regarded as being a "gang town" but local iwi have placed a (ban) on gang patches from being worn at the local marae and school.
Marae
Murupara has four maraes, which are meeting places for Ngāti Manawa hapū:
Moewhare or Karangaranga marae and Moewhare meeting house are affiliated with Moewhare.
Painoaiho marae and Ruatapu meeting house are affiliated with Ngāti Koro.
Rangitahi marae and Apa Hapai Taketake meeting house are affiliated with Ngāti Hui.
Tīpapa marae and Tangiharuru meeting house are affiliated with Ngāi Tokowaru.
In October 2020, the Government committed $1,327,283 from the Provincial Growth Fund to upgrade the four marae, creating 12 jobs.
Demographics
Murupara had a population of 1,815 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 144 people (8.6%) since the 2013 census, and a decrease of 57 people (-3.0%) since the 2006 census. There were 549 households. There were 891 males and 924 females, giving a sex ratio of 0.96 males per female. The median age was 29.1 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 525 people (28.9%) aged under 15 years, 393 (21.7%) aged 15 to 29, 714 (39.3%) aged 30 to 64, and 186 (10.2%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 20.2% European/Pākehā, 91.2% Māori, 3.3% Pacific peoples, 0.8% Asian, and 0.8% other ethnicities (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities).
The proportion of people born overseas was 1.8%, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 40.3% had no religion, 39.3% were Christian, 0.2% were Buddhist and 13.4% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 60 (4.7%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 423 (32.8%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $18,800, compared with $31,800 nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 420 (32.6%) people were employed full-time, 180 (14.0%) were part-time, and 183 (14.2%) were unemployed.
Education
Murupara Area School is a co-educational state area school for Year 1 to 13 students, with a roll of as of It opened in 2013, when the local primary and secondary schools merged.
Te Kura Kaupapa Motuhake o Tāwhiuau is a co-educational state Māori language immersion school, with a roll of . The school opened in 2000, and was the first Designated Character School (Kura ā-Iwi) in the country.
Notable people
Jacinda Ardern (born 1980), Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the Labour Party
Pem Bird, president of the Maori Party 2010–2013
Bradley Iles, professional golfer
Willie Ripia, Rugby union player
References
Whakatane District
Populated places in the Bay of Plenty Region
A. Alisaffi was a stamp dealer and forger from Istanbul known for his reproductions of the Small and Large Hermes Head stamps of Greece. Material produced by Alisaffi was included on the representative album of forgeries prepared by the Union Philatelique de Genève after François Fournier's death in 1927.
Career
Alisaffi was operating in Paris in 1902 when he produced by a photolithographic process reproductions of the small and large Hermes Head stamps of Greece. The stamps were sold as genuine or as reprints but when Alisaffi tried to sell them in Athens he was reported to the police by a stamp dealer. He subsequently received a permit allowing him to sell the stamps as they were without gum and no longer the current issues of Greece. The permit allowed him to sell a large quantity of stamps and over 30 different types are known, including imitations of both the Paris and Athens prints.
He collaborated with the forger François Fournier, who started his business in Geneva in 1903, and Alisaffi's reproductions were sold by Fournier and found in the representative album of Fournier forgeries prepared by the Union Philatelique de Genève after Fournier's death in 1927.
The forgeries are well known to specialists in Greek philately and were amongst those discussed in the work of Walter Dorning Beckton.
See also
List of stamp forgers
Philatelic fakes and forgeries
References
Further reading
"Greece: The Alisaffi forgeries of the first type of head" by W.D. Beckton in Philatelic Journal of Great Britain, Vol. 35, 1925, p. 66.
"Alisaffi forgeries" by N.C. Ure in H.P.S. Bulletin, Hellenic Philatelic Society of Great Britain, No. 54, 1984, p. 22.
Demcker, P., A. Goldfuss & P. Pirl., Germania-Berichte, Vol. II (1903), pp. 333–335.
Stamp forgers
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Philately of Greece
Missing middle or first names
Ottoman expatriates in France
Businesspeople from Istanbul
Stamp dealers
Labourdette is a French surname derived from Gascon language
People with the surname Labourdette include:
Elina Labourdette (1919-2014), French film actress
Jacques Henri-Labourdette (1915-2003), French architect.
Bernard Labourdette (1946-2022), professional road bicycle racer
See also
Laborde
Occitan-language surnames
Oliver Musila Litondo (born 1948) is a Kenyan actor, journalist and newsreader. He is known for portraying Kimani Maruge in the 2010 biographical film The First Grader. For his portrayal as Maruge, Litondo won the AARP Movies for Grownups Award for Best Actor and the Black Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor. He was also nominated for the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actor in a Motion Picture for his performance in The First Grader.
Litondo is a graduate of the University of Iowa, Stockholm University and Harvard University. He is married to Beldina. Litondo is a recipient of the Kalasha Lifetime Achievement award.
Filmography
References
External links
1940s births
Living people
Kenyan male film actors
Kenyan male television actors
20th-century Kenyan male actors
21st-century Kenyan male actors
University of Iowa alumni
Stockholm University alumni
Harvard University alumni
Kenyan journalists
The 15th Prix Jutra ceremony was held on March 17, 2013 at the Salle Pierre-Mercure theatre in Montreal, Quebec, to honour achievements in the Cinema of Quebec in 2012.
Winners and nominees
References
Prix Iris
2012 in Canadian cinema
2013 in Quebec
15
Thomas Twyne (1543 – 1 August 1613 Lewes) was an Elizabethan translator and a physician of Lewes in Sussex, best known for completing Thomas Phaer's translation of Virgil's Aeneid into English verse after Phaer's death in 1560, and for his 1579 English translation of De remediis utriusque fortunae, a collection of 253 Latin dialogues written by the humanist Francesco Petrarca (1304–1374), commonly known as Petrarch.
Thomas was the son of John Twyne (c.1500-1581) of Bullington, Hampshire, himself a translator, schoolmaster, noted collector of antiquarian manuscripts and author of the Commentary De Rebus Albionicis (London, 1590). Tywne's son, Brian Twyne, became the first Keeper of the Archives of the University of Oxford.
Thomas was a native of Canterbury and was educated at Corpus Christi College, Oxford. He acted in the Richard Edwardes version of Palamon and Arcite, put on before Elizabeth I at Oxford in 1566, on which occasion the stage collapsed, killing and injuring a number of people. He enjoyed the patronage of Lord Buckhurst and greatly admired John Dee and his mystic philosophy.
Epitaph
In St. Anne's Church on the hill at Lewes. The historian Thomas Walker Horsfield, F.S.A. (1792–1837) translated the rather florid Latin inscription:
Hippocrates saw Twyne lifeless and his bones slightly covered with earth. Some of his sacred dust (says he) will be of use to me in removing diseases; for the dead, when converted into medicine, will expel human maladies, and ashes prevail against ashes. Now the physician is absent, disease extends itself on every side, and exults its enemy is no more. Alas! here lies our preserver Twyne; the flower and ornament of his age. Sussex deprived of her physician, languished, and is ready to sink along with him. Believe me, no future age will produce so good a physician and so renowned a man as this has. He died at Lewes in 1613, on 1 August, in the tenth climacteric.
A modern edition of forty-six of Petrarch's dialogues, Phisicke Against Fortune, was published in 1993.
Books
Humphrey Lloyd (Llwyd, Lhuyd), Humphrey (1527–1568), Commentarioli Descriptionis Britannicae Fragmentum (Cologne, 1572), translated into English by Thomas Twyne as The Breviary of Britayne (London, 1573)
Pierre Drouet's work translated by Thomas Twyne as A new counsell against the plague (1578)
Maffeo Vegio, Supplement to the Twelfth Book of the Aeneid as translated by Thomas Twyne, 1584
References
External links
1543 births
1613 deaths
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Oxford
16th-century English medical doctors
17th-century English medical doctors
16th-century translators
17th-century translators
English translators
Latin–English translators
People from Lewes
People from Canterbury
English male stage actors
16th-century English male actors
17th-century English male actors
Male actors from Kent
Translators of Virgil
Medardo Galli (6 April 1907 – 18 October 1985) was an Italian rower. He competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam with the men's eight where they were eliminated in the quarter-final.
References
External links
1907 births
1985 deaths
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Piacenza
European Rowing Championships medalists
Aulie-Ata is a breed of dairy cattle, developed in the town of Aulie-Ata (now Taraz) in Kazakhstan, in late 19th early 20th century by breeding local Kazakh cattle with Dutch Black Pied Cattle. Planned breeding began in 1935 and the new breed was officially recognised in 1950. On average, Aulie-Ata cows produce 3735 kg of milk per lactation.
External links
Breeds of Livestock - Aulie-Ata Cattle
Breed description: Aulie-Ata
Cattle breeds
Cattle breeds originating in Kazakhstan
Hariss (or Haris) () is a village, in the region of South Lebanon.
Name
According to E. H. Palmer, the name means "guarded".
History
'Here there appear to be no vestiges of ancient constructions, except a circular cistern
cut in the rock. Guérin suggests that it may be the site of the ancient Harosheth.' ().
"This identification is strengthened by the fact that the same word which occurs in the name Kir Haroseth, the modern Kerak, exists in the present local dialect in Moab, under the same form, Harith or Haris."
Ottoman era
In the 1596 tax record, it was named as a village, Haris, in the Ottoman nahiya (subdistrict) of Tebnine under the liwa' (district) of Safad, with a population of 102 households and 8 bachelors, all Muslim. The villagers paid a fixed tax rate of 25% on agricultural products, such as wheat, barley, olive trees, vegetable and fruit garden, orchard, goats and beehives, in addition to "occasional revenues" and a press for olive oil or grape syrup; a total of 3,124 akçes.
In 1852, Edward Robinson noted the village on his travels in the region. In 1875, Victor Guérin found the village to contain 200 Metawileh.
In 1881, the PEF's Survey of Western Palestine (SWP) described it: "A village, built of stone, containing about 100 [..] Metawileh, situated on hill-top, with vineyards, figs, and arable cultivation. There is a birket and many cisterns at the village, and a spring near."
Modern era
On 24 July 2006, during the 2006 Lebanon-Israel war, Israeli warplanes killed 12 people in the village, in two different strikes. The first strike killed 4 Hezbollah fighters, while the second strike demolished a house 100 meters away, killing 8 civilians, aged between 16 and 77 years.
In November 2006, Italian UNIFIL soldiers were accused of theft in a military store in this village.
References
Bibliography
External links
Survey of Western Palestine, Map 2: IAA, Wikimedia commons
Hariss, Localiban
Populated places in the Israeli security zone 1985–2000
Populated places in Bint Jbeil District
Populated places in Lebanon
Shia Muslim communities in Lebanon
Deadwood Draw is part of the Sidney-Black Hills Trail near Sidney, Nebraska, which provided supplies for gold mining operations in the Black Hills from 1874 to 1881. The draw served as a staging area for freight wagons carrying supplies to the Black Hills and contains ruts caused by the wheels of the freight wagons and the animals that pulled them. The draw is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Background
In 1868, the U.S. government signed the Fort Laramie Treaty, which promised the Lakota people that the Black Hills would be exempt from white settlement. However, in 1874, an expedition into the Black Hills led by George Armstrong Custer, found deposits of gold. In 1876, Custer's discovery of gold led to the Black Hills Gold Rush. Initially, the U. S. government attempted to purchase or lease the Black Hills from the Lakota, but the government was unwilling to pay the price asked by the Lakota. When the talks broke down, the U. S. government ignored the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1868 and allowed the gold seekers to rush into the Black Hills. The Black Hills gold rush subsequently created a high demand for supplies by the gold seekers.
In 1876, Sidney, Nebraska was a small town on the Union Pacific railroad. Sidney had two main advantages over other railroad towns in Nebraska as a staging point for supplying the gold rush in the Black Hills. First, there already was a trail from Sidney north to the Red Cloud Agency, which was protected by the military between Fort Sidney and Fort Robinson. Second, the route was shorter than other possible supply points along the railroad and with the building of the Clarke Bridge toll bridge over the North Platte River by Henry T. Clarke, Sr., travel on Sidney-Black Hills Trail became easier for freight wagons.
With the opening of the Clarke bridge, the Sidney-Black Hills trail began carrying larger quantities of freight to and from the Black Hills mining operations. During the summer of 1876, the Pony Express began operating along the trail, as did several stagecoach lines. In 1876, there were an estimated 10,000 gold seekers in the Black Hills and their demand for supplies was so high that approximately 50 to 75 freight wagons left daily from Sidney, each wagon carrying of supplies.
In 1879, the Black Hills gold rush ended and so did the need for high passenger service along the trail. Company gold mining, however, continued and so the need for freight transportation along the trail increased. From 1878 to 1879, an estimated of supplies were transported to and from Sidney. By 1880, with the completion of the Chicago and Northwestern Railroad to Pierre, the transportation of freight along the trail dramatically dropped. It was quicker and cheaper to transport supplies along the new railroad than to use freight wagons along the Sidney-Black Hills trail. By the end of 1882, the trail was completely closed.
Description
Deadwood Draw is located about northwest of Sidney, Nebraska, and close to the Union Pacific railroad from which supplies could be loaded onto freight wagons headed for the Black Hills via the Sidney-Black Hills trail. The draw is a wide, flat area that gently slopes up and out of Lodgepole Creek Valley and away from Union Pacific railroad and on to the Sidney-Black Hills trail. A gully channel meanders along the draw and ranges in depth from to . As of 1992, there were three sets of wagon-wheel ruts and ruts cause by the oxen and horses that pulled the wagons. The rut pairs range in width from to .
Historical significance
Deadwood Draw was a staging area for freight wagons using the Sidney-Black Hills trail. As of 1992, when it was placed on the National Register of Historic Places, it had well-preserved ruts caused by freight wagons, stage coaches, and the animals that pulled them from 1874 to 1881. On the south end of the draw there is a depression in the ground that is thought to be the remnants of a 19th-century dugout that may have been occupied during the period of historical significance. Close to the middle of the draw is a small limestone quarry that supplied much of the limestone used to construct early buildings in Sidney.
References
External links
Along the Cheyenne-Deadwood Stage Trail
Cheyenne County, Nebraska
Trails and roads in the American Old West
Roads on the National Register of Historic Places in Nebraska
National Register of Historic Places in Cheyenne County, Nebraska
Àngel Sabata Figa (born 28 March 1911 in Barcelona; died 24 September 1990 in Barcelona) was a Spanish water polo player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics. In 1928 he played in the only match for Spain in the water polo tournament. Twenty years later he was part of the Spanish team which finished eighth in the 1948 tournament. He played four matches.
References
Spanish Olympic Committee Biography (Spanish)
1911 births
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players from Catalonia
Spanish male water polo players
Water polo players at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1948 Summer Olympics
1990 deaths
Yevgeni Stanislavovich Markov (; born 7 July 1994) is a Russian football player who plays as a striker for Arsenal Tula.
Career
He made his professional debut in the Russian Professional Football League for FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg on 15 July 2013 in a game against FC Tosno.
He made his debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk on 7 September 2014 in a game against FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod.
On 18 January 2018, Markov signed a contract with FC Dynamo Moscow.
On 5 July 2019, he joined FC Rubin Kazan on loan for the 2019–20 season.
On 6 October 2020, he signed a two-year contract with FC Krasnodar. On 31 May 2021, his contract with Krasnodar was terminated early by mutual consent.
On 9 June 2021, he signed a 2-year contract with Arsenal Tula.
Honours
Club
Tosno
Russian Cup: 2017–18
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
1994 births
Footballers from Saint Petersburg
Living people
Russian footballers
Russia youth international footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
Association football forwards
FC Zenit Saint Petersburg players
FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg players
FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk players
FC Tosno players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
FC Rubin Kazan players
FC Krasnodar-2 players
FC Krasnodar players
FC Arsenal Tula players
Russian Premier League players
Russian First League players
Russian Second League players
Santa Marta is a former Roman Catholic convent and church of located in the city of Siena, region of Tuscany, Italy. It now serves in part as historic archive for Siena. It is located about 30 meters downhill of the Cappella del Rosario on Via San Marco and 30 meters uphill of Porta San Marco.
History
A cloistered Augustinian convent for nuns was founded in 1328 by an aristocratic widow, named Milla de' Conti d'Elci, who endowed the convent with her properties. It is dedicated to St Martha of Bethany.
The convent was restructured in the early 16th-century with a new Renaissance style, brick church facade (circa 1501), sober and with two empty niches, designed by Anton Maria Lari (il Tozzo), and decorations of the church by Sebastiano Folli and Pietro Sorri. Folli painted the Resurrection of Lazarus on the ceiling. In 1840, the church still possessed paintings by Rutilio Manetti.
In 1810, the monastery was suppressed by the Napoleonic government. Initially used as a Casa di Forza (jail), after 1816 until 1975, it served as an orphanage. The commune now uses the monastery for historical archives.
The cloister still possesses monochrome 14th-century frescoes attributed to either Gualtieri di Giovanni (circa 1370-1445) or Benedetto di Bindi. Other lunettes in the complex have medieval frescoes that depict monastic life; some of these frescoes have only been recovered with restorations in the late 20th century. In the choir some frescoes depict the life of St Martha, painted by followers of either Simone Martini or Matteo Giovannetti. Other frescoes in the church depict local beatified monks including, Andrea Gallerani, either Pietro Pettinaio or Niccolatio Bandinelli. Some represent events in the history of the monastic orders and the founders, attributed to Martino di Bartolomeo and date to 1389-1435. The refectory frescoes were under restoration in 2006.
References
16th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Roman Catholic churches in Siena
Monasteries in Tuscany
Renaissance architecture in Siena
Ring Rock () is a rock lying southeast of Nost Island at the head of Holme Bay. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from aerial photographs taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and named Ringoya (ring island). First visited in 1956 by an ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) sledging party; they found that the term "rock" better describes this feature.
References
Rock formations of Mac. Robertson Land
Hayat Baloch was a BS Physiology student at University of Karachi from Balochistan. He was killed on 13 August 2020 by a serviceman of Frontier Corps (FC), a paramilitary force in Pakistan, in Absor Turbat after a bomb blast.
The accused serviceman was identified to be Shadiullah and was arrested on 20 August 2020. The accused later confessed to his crimes and was awarded death penalty by a local court in Turbat District on 20 January 2021. Hayat's family expressed satisfaction over the verdict issued by the court.
Incident
On August 13, an FC vehicles was targeted by an improvised explosive device at Balochi Bazaar on Absar Road, injuring three FC servicemen. Following the explosion, security personnel launched search operation in the area and during the operation one of the FC serviceman named Shadiullah caught Hayat Baloch and killed him after tying his hands to his back.
Hayat was working in the garden which was close to the site of explosion. So the FC serviceman suspected that Hayat was responsible for the attack on their vehicle.
Following the incident, other FC serviceman in the area overpowered Shadiullah and disarmed him immediately.
Reaction
Federal Minister for Human Rights Shireen Mazari
issued a statement in the national assembly of Pakistan and condemned the incident.
Inspector General of FC South went to the house of the deceased to express grief over the incident.
Response
On 20 August 2020, the FC serviceman responsible for killing Hayat was arrested. The accused FC serviceman later confessed to his crime and was awarded death penalty on 21 January 2021 by a local court in Turbat district.
Hayat's family expressed satisfaction over the verdict. Hayat's uncle, Hakeem Baloch, said that he was quite satisfied with the verdict and that the court has provided them with justice.
References
2020 murders in Pakistan
Human rights abuses in Pakistan
2020 deaths
2020 in Balochistan, Pakistan
Kech District
Deaths by firearm in Pakistan
Deaths by person in Pakistan
Encounters in Pakistan
Kim Johnston Ulrich (born Kim Charisse Johnston) is an American actress.
Born Kim Charisse Johnston, she is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George P. Johnston. She graduated with an Associate of Arts degree in fashion merchandising from Modesto Junior College and with a Bachelor of Arts degree in art from Stanislaus State College.
Before Ulrich became an actress, she worked as a model, appearing in national magazines.
From 1983 to 1986, Ulrich played the role of Diana McColl on As the World Turns. In 1988, she guest-starred in two episodes of Werewolf. Also in 1988 she appeared as Rachel in an episode of Cheers (S7:2). In 1990, Ulrich appeared on the TV series Wings as Carol, Brian's former wife. In 1993, Ulrich appeared in the pilot episode of Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman as Dr. Antoinette Baines, a villainous scientist. She appeared in a third-season episode of Highlander: The Series in 1995. She appeared in the first episode of season 4 of Diagnosis Murder as a conniving wife in the episode "Murder by Friendly Fire" in 1996.
In 1999, she played the role of Dorothy "Dottie" Strudwick in two episodes of 3rd Rock from the Sun. She played the role of Ivy Winthrop Crane on NBC's daytime drama Passions from 1999 to 2008. In 2010 and 2011, she played the role of Doctor Visyak on The CW television series Supernatural in the episodes "Like a Virgin", "Let It Bleed", and "The Man Who Knew Too Much". She also played Nancy Hargrove in the eighth-season episode "A Man Walks Into a Bar..." of NCIS.
She married casting director Robert J. Ulrich on January 3, 1981, in Modesto, California. They have two children, Cooper and Tierney.
References
External links
Living people
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from California
American film actresses
American soap opera actresses
American television actresses
People from San Joaquin County, California
Year of birth missing (living people)
George J. Fisher M.D. (died 1960) was a physician and leader in the fields of youth development and physical fitness in the United States during the early twentieth century. He was a noted advocate for advancing the sport of volleyball.
Volleyball and the YMCA
Dr. Fisher was president of the international YMCA's Physical Directors Society from 1904 to 1919. Dr. Fisher is today best remembered for making volleyball a part of the program in military training camps, both in the United States and abroad while serving as Secretary of the YMCA War Work Office.
With the beginning of World War I, volleyball spread worldwide. Dr. Fisher included volleyball in the recreation and education program for American armed forces as early as 1914 and American soldiers fighting in World War I played volleyball on the beaches of Normandy and Brittany. In 1919 Dr. Fisher made volleyball a part of the program in military training camps, both in the United States and abroad. He was the editor of the Volleyball Rules Guide for the Army and Navy.
Boy Scouts of America
Fisher served as deputy Chief Scout Executive of the Boy Scouts of America from 1919 to 1943, and as National Commissioner from 1943 until his death in 1960.
United States Volleyball Association
Dr. Fisher was the founder and first president (1928–1952) of the United States Volleyball Association. He also served as the first editor of the Volleyball Guide from 1917 to 1947. The Leader in Volleyball Award was renamed to the George J. Fisher Leader in Volleyball Award in his honor.
References
External links
Fisher
National Commissioners of the Boy Scouts of America
American volleyball administrators
1960 deaths
1871 births
YMCA leaders
The 2008 Connacht Senior Football Championship was that year's installment of the annual Connacht Senior Football Championship held under the auspices of the Connacht GAA. It was won by Galway who defeated Mayo in the final. It was their fifth title of the decade and their 44th in their history. Had Galway lost it would have been the first time since 1937 that they would have lost three consecutive Connacht finals.
This was Galway's ninth such final in eleven years. However, this marked an important stage in the decline of Galway football as it was also their last senior Connacht title to date - they lost the 2009 final, exited the 2010-2012 championships at the semi-final stage and exited the 2013 championship at the quarter-final stage. The winning Galway team received the J. J. Nestor Cup, and automatically advanced to the quarter-final stage of the 2008 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship.
Bracket
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Statistics
Top Scorer: E Mulligan (Leitrim); 0-20
References
External links
Connacht GAA website
2C
Connacht Senior Football Championship
Easington, Corner and the Timms estate are three interconnecting estates in the town of Banbury, Oxfordshire.
History
Easington proper
Easington is a ward and former Medieval village in the south-west of the market town of Banbury. Easington, which was a rural estate attached to the former Calthorpe Manor, was first mentioned in 1279. Its demesne lands were subsequently leased out over the years.
In 1505 the Easington estate was leased out for a rent fee for 15 years to Anne, the relict of the lord, Sir William Danvers and after her death in 1520 a new lease for 40 years was made to the local mercer, William Pierson. Laurence Pierson was a farmer of Easington from 1540 to 1541 and by 1545 the lease had finally passed to John Crocker of Hook Norton; his son-in-law Edward Hawten used it for a rent. The Bishop of Lincoln's vast Banbury estate, except for Neithrop and Calthorpe, was sold to the Duke of Somerset in 1547, but by 1550 he granted it (except for Hardwick) to John Dudley, Earl of Warwick, then the Duke of Northumberland shortly afterward, who in 1551 granted it to the Crown in exchange for other lands. After 1551 the lordship of Easington seems to have remained with the Crown as no one took up the rent or apparently owned the letting rights.
The Barber family were local landlords, who let out their Easington estate's lands. By 1728, the Berrymoor lands were leased along with the first Berrymoor Farm to the same owner. As of 1734, a large portion of the estate (including Easington Farm) was leased to a local man, and in 1787 the whole lease lands of the adjacent Farm field and several village closes were included in the deal from 1799 onwards. The Barber family's property in Easington was thus farmed as a whole by successive tenants until late Victorian times. The longstanding Easington Farm's buildings was extensively repaired and enlarged in 1793 by the then leaseholder.
Banbury town council built the houses in King's Road and on the Easington estate. Other working-class type houses were built at the south end of Britannia Road and the area to the east between 1881 and 1930. Houses were also built in both Old Grimsbury Road and Gibbs Road in Grimsbury. More up-market houses were built in both the Marlborough Road area and in Bath Road, Kings Road, Park Road, and Queen Street in Neithrop. Ordnance Survey maps from 1882, 1900 and 1922 show that the houses on Broughton Road are built over an old claypit called the Bear pit. Berrymoor farm, whose last land lease was of mid-Victorian origin, had become a laundrette by 1922 and had lost two outhouses, but gained a small annex to the main building.
The 1919 Housing Act was followed by the building of the Easington housing estate of 361 council houses in what was one of the first slum clearance schemes in the country. By 1930 the medical officer reported 131 Banbury town centre houses unfit for habitation. Therefore, in 1933, Banbury council opened the Ruscote housing estate of 160 houses. The increased population between 1931 and 1949 was accommodated by the expansion of the town in three main areas, of which houses were built both by the town corporation and by private housebuilders. Most of the estate was built in the 1930s and 1940s as local industry began to grow, with a large expansion in the early 1960s, due to the London overspill.
The land south of the Foscote Private Hospital in Calthorpe, Oxfordshire and Easington farm were mostly open farmland until the early 1960s. It had only a few farmsteads, the odd house, an allotment field (now under the Sainsbury's store), and the Municipal Borough of Banbury council's small reservoir. Berrymoor farm was finally demolished in 2004 and became St. Mary's View. Much of the farm land was used to build a children's day-care, an industrial storage facility, a small electrical substation, and a branch of De Montfort University (now a branch of the Oxford and Cherwell College) in the late 1960s.
The Timms and Poets Corner estates
Two minor streams once ran from a spring near the allotment gardens and the land under today's Timms estate. An old clay pit, kiln and brick works lay near the Corner estate. The pit was of mid-Victorian origin and the buildings were put up. The pit had been filled in by the 1920s, the buildings closed by the 1940s and the site built on by the late 1960s.
The Timms estate and Corner estate were built in the late 1950s and early 1960s respectively. Corner actually covers the site of an old sporting rifle range, which went out of use when the army left just after the Second World War. The Timms estate and Poets' Corner estates are also part of the ward which contains many new-style homes. The A361 and A4260 roads pass adjacent to the estate. The people living in the three estates are generally more upper class in orientation, higher up on the social ladder and tend to have professional or managerial rather than blue collar jobs. The Easington and Timms estate has only a few recent overseas immigrants, most of which are either Irish, Poles or Czechs. The Cherwell Heights and Corner estates tend to slant towards South Africans, Brazilians and Irish.
Local amenities
Easington has a public house called The Easington, some convenience shops and numerous other local amenities including a sports field. The Timms estate has some parks and a shopping complex, while the Corner estate has a major park and a small convenience store.
Local politics
Easington ward is customarily Conservative and stayed Conservative during the 2006 local elections for Cherwell District Council, but the ward had changed to one Labour councillor and one Conservative Party councillor in the previous election of 2002. The Green party candidate lost in 2006. The Conservatives still hold Easington ward for the Banbury Town Council and Oxfordshire County Council. The Liberal Democrats and UKIP fielded no candidates in the ward during 2006. A lone Liberal Democrat stood in the Hardwick estate only.
Schools
Two of Banbury's biggest secondary schools and one primary school are in Easington:
Banbury School
Blessed George Napier Roman Catholic School
Harriers Ground Primary School
Queensway Primary School on Brantwood Rise
Banbury School is a mixed, multi-heritage, fully comprehensive school with 1650 students (including sixth form) situated on Ruskin Road, in the Easington ward of Banbury, Oxfordshire, England. The school is a specialist Humanities College.
Sport and leisure
Easington has a non-League football team Easington Sports F.C. who play at Addison Road.
Recreational areas and parks
The Easington Recreation Ground is the estate's principal park and recreational area.
The Browning Road Park and the well-resourced Browning Road Children's Play Area are about the size of Easington Recreation Ground and is the main park and children's play area in Corner. It is rather prone to winter flooding since a spring and minor stream was poorly culverted there in the early 1970s.
The Brantwood Rise Park is a small piece of parkland in the Corner estate. It is fenced in by residents' gardens' fences, save for the small lane running through it. It is merely approximately 25 ft x 12 ft. It has 1 bin, 5 trees and a bench. The kids' swing was removed in 2004, due to vandalism.
There are also 2 minor play parks and one minor park, the biggest of these being on the Timms estate, by the local shopping complex.
Transport
The local bus services to Banbury town centre via Calthorpe and the Timms estate are run by the Stagecoach Oxfordshire bus company. Heyfordian Travel buses also run a limited service on weekdays to the Timms estate and on weekdays and Saturdays to Corner via Bretch Hill.
Gallery
See also
History of Banbury, Oxfordshire
Banburyshire
References
Banbury
Housing estates in Oxfordshire
Narsha (stylized as NARSHA) is the eponymous debut extended play by South Korean singer Narsha, a member from girl group Brown Eyed Girls. Lee Min-soo, her group's long-time producer served as the album's executive producer. Featuring a dark and edgy sound, it was released on July 8, 2010, and distributed by Nega Network. The EP features seven tracks in total, including one preview and one instrumental version of the album's title track.
Upon its release, the album became a success by debuting at number three on Gaon Weekly Albums Chart with an approximate sale of 5,000+. It also received positive reviews from music critics, praising its dark theme along with the electronic influence. Three singles were released from the album, with the first and pre-release single "I'm In Love", a remake of Ra.D's original song. The second and title track, titled "삐리빠빠 (Bbi Ri Bba Bba)", became another solo hit for Narsha as well as her signature solo song. "Mamma Mia" was released as the last digital single on August 20, 2010, one month after the album's release.
Background and composition
In 2010, it was announced that all Brown Eyed Girls' members would start their own solo careers beside their group activities, starting first with Narsha. Its original title was "Narshism", but later changed to just plain "NARSHA". The album was produced executively by Lee Min-soo, while frequent lyricist Kim Eana participated in writing the majority of the album's lyrics. It also featured productions from producer DJ Jinu aka Hitchhiker, whom is responsible for her home group's most well-known hit "Abracadabra" and had previously remixed their single "How Come?". Musically, the album is a K-pop record with a "dark and edgy" electronic sound, while also including R&B and bossa nova elements.
Singles
"I'm In Love"
Originally a Ra.D song, "I'm In Love" was selected as the album's first single, It was released on July 2, 2010, reaching number six on Gaon Singles Chart (Weekly) and number four on Gaon Download Chart (Weekly).
"Bbi Ri Bba Bba"
The song was announced as the album's title track upon its track list announcement. It peaked at number six on Gaon Singles Chart during the second week while reaching number three on the download chart. An accompanying music video was released online, receiving mixed to positive reacts due to its dark and gothic theme. Upon its release, the song became her most successful solo hit to date
"Mamma Mia"
Previously included as a 27-second preview on the album, the full version was released as the last digital single on August 20, 2010, featuring Sunny Hill. The song also peaked at number six and number four on Gaon Singles Chart and Gaon Download Chart, respectively. An accompanying music video was also released online, receiving an R-19 rating.
Release and promotion
The album was originally intended to be released in May, 2010, but was pushed back to June, then July, 2010, due to schedule conflicts. Prior to the release of the album, two teasers for both "I'm In Love" and "Bbi Ri Bba Bba" were released online, along with photo teasers and behind-the-scene cuts from the latter song.
Narsha made her debut solo stage on Music Bank (KBS) on July 9, 2010, followed by performances on Music Core (MBC) and Inkigayo (SBS), performing the title track "Bbi Ri Bba Bba". She then went on to promote the album on many programs. The title track's promotion was wrapped up on July 30 and August 1 before starting with "Mamma Mia" from August 8, 2010, due to Brown Eyed Girls' showcase in Japan promoting their Japanese debut. She then performed "Bbi Ri Bba Bba" again for KBS's Gayo Daejun on December 31, 2010.
Track listing
Chart performance
Album charts
Awards and nominations
Annual music awards
Release history
References
Narsha albums
2010 EPs
W.O.A.R./W.O.A. is a split 12" record released on Portland, Oregon label Holy Mountain.
The a-side of the album features twelve short songs by Scottish art punk outfit The Country Teasers. Though the sleeve art, song format and titles are consistent with Ben Wallers' work under the name The Rebel, the music here is credited to Leighton Crook, Sophie Politowicz and Wallers.
The b-side contains two songs by Michigan musician and one-man band Anthony Petrovic (also of The Hospitals) under the name Ezee Tiger.
Track listing
Side one: W.O.A.R. by Country Teasers
"Bung Oats (Not To Be Born)" - 2:47
"C&W Song (Look At That Man!)" - 1:46
"Far Triff (Your All a Bunch of Cunts)" - 0:51
"Grand Entry and Exit of Man w/Pasta" - 4:33
"Saddam Hussein" - 0:35
"Space" - 1:43
"Pixels" - 0:23
"Food + Sleep" - 2:01
"Bad Birthday Ripped Off By The Devil" - 0:40
"Open Country" - 5:02
"Rich Tape" - 1:33
"Bury the Male Nurse's Dead Corpse" - 1:34
Side two: W.O.A. by Ezee Tiger
"The End (From All of a Sudden)" - 5:58
"Crush Medley (A Stupid Rock Opera Kinda)"- 3:26
Country Teasers personnel
Leighton Crook on instruments
Sophie Politowicz on instruments
B.R. Wallers on instruments, vocals and production
Ezee Tiger personnel
Anthony Petrovic
References
Split EPs
2008 EPs
Country Teasers albums
The blue-banded toucanet (Aulacorhynchus coeruleicinctis) is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae.
It is found across Central and South America, including Panama, Costa Rica, Bolivia and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It weighs 173–257 grams (6.1–9.1 oz.) and is 38–43 cm (15–17 in) long.
The alternate name blue-throated toucanet should not be confused with the species of the same name, Aulacorhynchus caeruleogularis.
References
blue-banded toucanet
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Birds of the Bolivian Andes
blue-banded toucanet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Lady of the Assumption Cathedral () also called Kaposvár Cathedral It is located in the historic center of Kaposvár, is a religious building affiliated with the Catholic Church which is one of the largest Christian churches in Hungary, serves as the seat of the diocese of Kaposvár. Its construction began in 1885 and was completed in 1886.
The first church was built in 1737-1744 in the Baroque style. The new neo-Romanesque cathedral was completed in 1886, after a year of work. In 1937 an image on the porch, which is representing the pastor, residents and Mayor professing his faith in Christ and the veneration of the Virgin Mary in Hungary was placed. In 1958, the church received a new organ and in 1969 underwent a complete renovation. In 1977, its inside was modified to allow the proper functioning of liturgical activities. In 2003 he was placed on the western wall plate red marble memorial priests who have served in the cathedral.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Hungary
List of cathedrals in Hungary
Our Lady of the Assumption
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Hungary
Buildings and structures in Kaposvár
Tourist attractions in Somogy County
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1744
1744 establishments in Europe
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Hungary
Events in the year 2019 in Malta.
Incumbents
President:
Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca (to 4 April)
George Vella (from 4 April)
Prime Minister: Joseph Muscat
Year
References
2010s in Malta
Years of the 21st century in Malta
Malta
Malta
White cedar may refer to several different trees:
Bignoniaceae
Tabebuia heterophylla - native to Caribbean islands and also cultivated as an ornamental tree
Cupressaceae:
Chamaecyparis thyoides – Atlantic white cypress
Cupressus lusitanica – Mexican white cedar
Thuja occidentalis – Eastern arborvitae
Meliaceae:
Melia azedarach – Chinaberry, commonly referred to as white cedar in Australia
Keity Drennan Britton (born 24 July 1990) is a Panamanian model and beauty pageant titleholder who the winner of the Miss International Panamá 2011 and Miss Panamá 2016 title. She also participated in Miss Panamá 2011 where she won the title of Virreina Panamá and represented Panama at Miss Universe 2016 pageant where she placed in the Top 13.
Early life
Drennan was born in Panama City, Panama. Her father is from the United States and her mother is a Panamanian of Indian ancestry. She graduated from the high school at American College in Panama City. She said in a press junket that she changed her last name to Drennan because her biological father recognized her.
Modelling career
The start of her modeling career took place when she won the "Chica Chico Modelo" contest in 2008. It gave Drennan the chance to work for Physical Modelos, her official modeling agency as of today and to represent Panamá in the Ford Model's Supermodel Of The World 2008.
In the same year, Keity represented Panama in the Miss Teen America and the Caribbean, making three awards: Miss Teen Photogenic, Miss Teen Model and Third Princess contest.
Pageantry
Miss Panamá 2011
Drennan is 5 ft 9 in (1.77 m) tall, and competed in the national beauty pageant Miss Panamá 2011, obtained the title of Virreina Panamá. She represented the state of Panamá Centro.
Miss International 2011
She represented Panama in the Miss International 2011 pageant, held in Chengdu, China on November 6, 2011. She finished as 4th runner-up.
Miss Panamá 2016
Drennan was selected in a casting made on April 26, 2016 where she was selected as Miss Panamá 2016 to represent Panama in Miss Universe 2016.
Miss Universe 2016
Drennan represented Panama at Miss Universe 2016 where she placed in the Top 13.
See also
Miss Panamá 2011
Miss Panamá 2016
References
External links
Panamá 2011 official website
Miss Panamá
Miss Panamá blogspot
1990 births
Living people
Panamanian beauty pageant winners
Panamanian female models
Panamanian people of American descent
Señorita Panamá
Panamanian people of Indian descent
Miss Universe 2016 contestants
Miss International 2011 delegates
Fort Scott Community College is a community college in Fort Scott, Kansas, United States. It has satellite buildings in other cities in Crawford County, including Pittsburg and Frontenac, along with sites in Paola and at the Hillsdale Learning Center.
History
Fort Scott is the oldest community college in Kansas, founded in 1919. (Highland Community College is older, but was not founded as a junior college.)
Campuses
The main campus is in Fort Scott on Horton Street, but there are satellite locations in other cities in Crawford County, including Pittsburg and Frontenac, along with sites in Paola and at Hillsdale, Kansas.
Fort Scott Community College has had a full service outreach center in Paola for more than a decade. Students at the Miami County Campus can take day, evening, weekend, or online classes. In addition, the Miami County Campus also offers counseling services, remedial classes, and workshops. In the newly renovated facility, a community room is also available for public use.
Academic profile
The college has 2000 students. The Pittsburg campus offers classes in Administrative Assistant, Business Computers, Construction Trades, Cosmetology, Harley-Davidson Technician, John Deere Ag Technician, Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning, & Refrigeration, Manicurist, Masonry, Medical Office Assistant, and Welding. The FSCC sites in Frontenac have courses covering Harley-Davidson and John Deere training.
Athletics
Fort Scott Community College's mascot is Gizmo the Greyhound. The school colors are maroon and gray.
FSCC sponsors volleyball, men's and women's basketball, baseball and softball programs which compete in the Kansas Jayhawk Community College Conference, which is a member of the National Junior College Athletic Association. There are also men's and women's rodeo teams, which compete in the Central Plains Region of the National Intercollegiate Rodeo Association.
Football was dropped by the school during the 2021–2022 academic year due to "cumulative effect of limited resources, changes in Kansas Jayhawk Community College Conference (KJCCC) football eligibility rules in 2016, and the changing ethos of football in general." Fort Scott's football team won the 1970 NJCAA National Championship and was national-runner up in 1971, 1972 and 2009.
Track and cross-country were dropped by the school prior to the 2010–2011 academic year due to a lack of participation but have since been reinstated.
Notable people
Davon Coleman, NFL football player
Charlie Cowdrey, football coach
Lavonte David, NFL football player
Jermarcus Hardrick, CFL football player
Adam LaRoche, retired MLB player
John Means, MLB baseball player
Frank Middleton, retired NFL Football Player
Jason Pierre-Paul, NFL football player
Jason Sudeikis, actor
Jacquian Williams, former NFL player
Charles Wright, former NFL player
Brandin Bryant, NFL football player
References
External links
Education in Bourbon County, Kansas
Education in Crawford County, Kansas
Community colleges in Kansas
Two-year colleges in the United States
Universities and colleges in Pittsburg, Kansas
1919 establishments in Kansas
NJCAA athletics
Educational institutions established in 1919
Kang Kek Iew, also spelled Kaing Guek Eav (, ; 17 November 1942 – 2 September 2020), nom de guerre Comrade Duch (, ) or Hang Pin, was a Cambodian convicted war criminal and leader in the Khmer Rouge movement, which ruled Democratic Kampuchea from 1975 to 1979. As the head of the government's internal security branch (Santebal), he oversaw the Tuol Sleng (S-21) prison camp where thousands were held for interrogation and torture, after which the vast majority of these prisoners were eventually executed.
He was the first Khmer Rouge leader to be tried by the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia for the crimes of the Khmer Rouge regime, and was convicted of crimes against humanity, murder, and torture for his role during the Khmer Rouge rule of Cambodia and sentenced to 30 years' imprisonment. On Candlemas Day February 2 2012, his sentence was extended to life imprisonment by the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia.
Even though he was responsible for the death of thousands of people, Kang Kek Iew, unlike other Khmer Rouge cadres, did not dismiss or justify his crimes. He admitted that he had been wrong and that he had done horrible things; he said that he repented and that he had converted to Christianity. During his trial, he provided detailed accounts of what happened inside S-21 and inside the Khmer Rouge regime, and this helped shed light on the regime and other cadres' responsibility. Even though Kang's case was on appeal, his convictions stand as is the case with Nuon Chea.
Early years
Kang Kek Iew was born in Choyaot village, Kampong Chen subdistrict, Kampong Thom Province, to an ethnic Chinese family who migrated to Cambodia in his father's generation. A star pupil in his school, he passed his Brevet d'études secondaires de première in 1961 at the age of nineteen. He finished the first half of his Baccalaureate in 1962 at the Lycée Suravarman II in the town of Siem Reap. The same year he was offered a place in the prestigious Lycée Sisowath in Phnom Penh where he completed his Baccalaureate in mathematics, scoring second in the entire country.
From his childhood on, Kang's name was changed many times. One such occasion of name changing took place when he was 15, when his parents changed his name to Yim Cheav.
As the name is important in Chinese culture, Kang therefore gave his name to his grandson, significantly adding the Chinese name "Yun" to this name.
He was described by his former classmates as a bright and quiet boy who rarely smiled during his youth.
Induction into the Khmer Rouge
In 1964, Kek Iew began studying for his teaching certificate in Mathematics, a subject he loved, at the Institut de Pédagogie. The institute was a cradle of activism under the directorship of Son Sen who was later to emerge as the Defence Minister of the Khmer Rouge and Duch's immediate superior.
On 28 August 1966, Kek Iew received his teaching certificate and was posted to a lycée in Skoun, a small town in Kampong Cham Province. He was a good teacher, remembered as earnest and committed by his pupils. He joined the Communist Party of Kampuchea in 1967. Following the arrest of three of his students, he fled to the Khmer Rouge base in Chamkar Leu District where he was accepted as a full member of the Communist Party of Kampuchea.
A few months later, he was arrested and witnessed others being tortured at the Prey Sar prison by Norodom Sihanouk's police for engaging in communist activities. He was held without trial for the next two years. In 1970, when he was released following the amnesty granted to political prisoners by Lon Nol, he joined the Khmer Rouge rebels in the Cardamom Mountains bordering Thailand.
In the maquis
Communist groups in France's former colonies in Indochina borrowed the French World War II expression 'maquis' when referring to their resistance movements in the jungles.
In the zone under the control of the Khmer Rouge, Kek Iew took on his nom de guerre Comrade Duch (IPA:[dujc]) and became a prison commandant. He was appointed the head of Special Security by his immediate superior Vorn Vet. In the forests of Amleang, Thpong District, Duch set up his first prison, code-named 'M-13'. Two years later, he also established a second prison 'M-99' in the nearby Aoral District.
Assisted by his two deputies, Mam Nai (Comrade Chan) and Tang Sin Hean (Comrade Pon), Duch began perfecting his interrogation techniques and the purging of perceived enemies from the Khmer Rouge ranks. Prisoners at these camps, mostly from the ranks of the Khmer Rouge, were routinely starved and tortured to extract real and made-up confessions.
While in the maquis, Duch married Chhim Sophal, aka Rom, a dressmaker from a nearby village. They had four children while he worked at S-21.
Leading the Santebal and Tuol Sleng
After the Khmer Rouge victory in April 1975, Duch and his men set up prisons throughout the capital, including the infamous Tuol Sleng prison. Duch's request for a transfer in May 1975 to the Industrial Sector of government was denied. The Tuol Sleng prison camp was initially headed by In Lon (aka Comrade Nath) with Duch acting as deputy. Subsequently, In Lon was transferred and Duch was promoted to Director. By May 1976, all the prisons in Phnom Penh were consolidated and relocated to Tuol Sleng.
Prisons like Tuol Sleng were created to cleanse the population of suspected enemies of the revolution. In Tuol Sleng, Duch ordered the execution of prisoners after their interrogation was completed. For example, on a list containing the names of 17 prisoners (eight teenagers and nine children), he wrote the order "Smash them to pieces." On a longer list of detainees, his annotation reads "smash: 115; keep: 44 persons." The text below this annotation reads "Comrade Duch proposed to Angkar; Angkar agreed." On a list of 20 female detainees, Duch wrote annotations for each of them, ordering: "take away for execution," "keep for interrogation" or "medical experiment". At least 100 detainees died after having all of their blood drawn for transfusions for wounded soldiers. Surgical operations were also performed on detainees in order to train medical staff.
Duch impressed his superiors with his work and was appointed the head of Democratic Kampuchea's dreaded "special branch"; the Santebal.
As the party purges increased toward the end of the Democratic Kampuchea period, more people were brought to Duch, including former colleagues, among them his predecessor at Tuol Sleng, In Lon. Throughout this period, Duch built up a large archive of prison records, mug shots, and extracted "confessions".
On 6 January 1979, he was ordered by his superior to kill the remaining prisoners. The next day, Duch was among the last Khmer Rouge cadres to flee Phnom Penh after it fell to the Vietnamese army. Though he was unable to destroy much of the prison's extensive documents, he saw to the execution of several surviving prisoners before he fled the city.
After the fall
Duch reached the border of Thailand in May 1979. Details of his whereabouts at this time remain unclear. It is believed that he went to the forests of Samlaut where he was reunited with his family. Here Duch was demoted by Brother Number Two, Nuon Chea, for having failed to destroy the documents at Tuol Sleng. At the border, he learned to speak Thai and taught himself English. He later taught English and mathematics at a refugee camp in Borai just inside Thailand.
In June 1986, Duch was sent to China to teach as a Khmer language expert at the Beijing Foreign Language Institute. He returned to the Thai-Cambodian border a year later and changed his name to Hang Pin. He worked as a senior bureaucrat just inside the Cambodian border at Pol Pot's secretariat at Camp 505. Shortly after the Paris agreement in October 1991, he moved with his family to the small isolated village of Phkoam close to the Thai border. Here he purchased some land, and began teaching in the local school. He was known as a good teacher, but one with a fiery temper.
In 1995, Duch's wife was killed under mysterious circumstances in an attack on his home. Duch was the only witness and suspected Pol Pot of instigating it. He sold all his possessions, secured a transfer to Svay Chek College, and moved there with his children. Shortly after his wife's murder, Duch began attending the prayer meetings of the Golden West Cambodian Christian Church held in Battambang by Christopher LaPel, an evangelical Khmer-American. Duch was baptized by LaPel and eventually became a lay pastor. LaPel was later to observe that although he did not know Duch's real identity at the time, there were clues. For example, before his conversion, Duch had said to LaPel that he had done a lot of bad things in his life. Later, Duch was to say, "I don't know if my brothers and sisters can forgive the sins I've committed against the people".
Discovery
Soon after his identity was discovered, Duch accepted a transfer to Samlaut as Director of Education. When fighting broke out in 1996 following the split of the Khmer Rouge and the coup to oust Prince Rannariddh in 1997, he fled with his family to the Ban Ma Muang camp just inside Thailand. At the camp, he worked for the American Refugee Committee as the Community Health Supervisor. In late 1998, he returned to Cambodia when fighting subsided. He settled in the village of Andao Hep in Rattanak Mondul and worked closely with World Vision International, the Christian relief agency.
The photojournalist Nic Dunlop tracked Duch down in Samlaut. In 1999, Nate Thayer, who had previously interviewed Pol Pot and Ta Mok, and Dunlop interviewed Duch for the Far Eastern Economic Review. Duch surrendered to the authorities in Phnom Penh following the publication of this interview.
Trial
On 31 July 2007, Duch was formally charged with war crimes and crimes against humanity and detained by Cambodia's United Nations-backed Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia. Duch, represented by Cambodian lawyer Kar Savuth and French lawyer François Roux, appealed against his provisional detention by the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia based on the more than eight years he spent without trial in Cambodian military detention. The appeal was unsuccessful and on 14 August 2008, the tribunal issued its indictment after completing their investigation of Duch.
In February 2008, as part of the judicial process, Duch was taken to Tuol Sleng prison, the scene of his crimes. He reportedly collapsed in tears after stating, "I ask for your forgiveness – I know that you cannot forgive me, but I ask you to leave me the hope that you might."
On 16 February 2009, the UN supervised trial of Duch began at a Phnom Penh court. Duch was prosecuted by international co-prosecutors William Smith and Anees Ahmed and was charged with "personally overseeing the systematic torture of more than 15,000 prisoners." The presiding judge of the case was Nil Nonn. Duch was tried by a panel of five judges — three Cambodian, one French, and one New Zealander — according to a 2003 pact between Cambodia and the United Nations establishing the tribunal.
On 31 March 2009, Duch, in a statement in front of the Cambodia tribunal, accepted responsibility for torturing and executing thousands of inmates, expressed "heartfelt sorrow" for his crimes and vowed to cooperate fully with the tribunal.
Duch surprised the tribunal on 27 November 2009 with a plea to be released. In his final statement before the tribunal he acknowledged his involvement in Khmer Rouge-era crimes, including the execution of more than 12,000 Tuol Sleng prisoners, but said they were committed by a "criminal party". Duch also noted that he had served more than 10 years in detention, and stressed that he had been fully cooperative with the tribunal. There were also conflicting closing arguments from Duch's defense team. His Cambodian lawyer, Kar Savuth demanded his client's acquittal and release, while his international counterpart, François Roux pressed judges to hand down a lenient sentence.
At the conclusion of the trial, prosecutors asked that Duch be given 40 years in prison if convicted. On 26 July 2010, Duch was found guilty of crimes against humanity, torture, and murder; he was sentenced to 35 years imprisonment, with a pre-trial detention credit of 11 years being applied to his sentence and an additional controversial five-year deduction because his period of pre-trial detention exceeded the maximum allowed under Cambodian law. On 3 February 2012, an upper court U.N. war crimes tribunal rejected his appeal and extended his sentence to life imprisonment because of his "shocking and heinous" crimes. The ruling was final with no other chance for appeal.
On 20 October 2018, he was hospitalized in serious condition.
Death
After serving ten years in prison, on 2 September 2020, Duch died at the age of 77 at the Khmer–Soviet Friendship Hospital of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Due to the complicated situation of COVID-19 in Cambodia, he was quickly cremated on the same day in Phnom Penh, without a Buddhist funeral.
See also
Democratic Kampuchea
Khmer Rouge Killing Fields
Tuol Sleng
Chum Mey
Vann Nath
Enemies of the People (film)
References
External links
Case information at the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia
Original judgement
Appeal judgement
"My Savior, Their Killer" New York Times Op-Ed by François Bizot – a (French) former prisoner of Duch's
1999 BBC article on Duch's capture
A short review of Nic Dunlop's book about Duch – The Lost Executioner
IT Conversations: Nic Dunlop Podcast interview of Nic Dunlop, Photojournalist, discussing how he found Kang Kek Iew
Experience: I tracked down a man who killed 14,000 people Nic Dunlop talks about tracking down Duch
The Killer and the Pastor Time magazine article about Duch's conversion to Christianity
S-21 Prison photographs Original photographs from Tuol Sleng/S-21 prison
1942 births
2020 deaths
Torturers
People from Kampong Thom province
Cambodian evangelicals
Cambodian people of Chinese descent
Converts to Christianity from Buddhism
Genocide perpetrators
Khmer Rouge party members
People convicted by the Khmer Rouge Tribunal
Cambodian people convicted of crimes against humanity
Cambodian people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by Cambodia
Communist Party of Kampuchea politicians
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Cambodia
Cambodian prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Cambodian politicians convicted of crimes
Deaths from lung disease
Andorra first competed in the Summer Olympic Games at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Boxing
Shooting
References
Official Olympic Reports
sports-reference
Nations at the 1976 Summer Olympics
1976 Summer Olympics
1976 in Andorra
Tritium Calcio 1908 is an Italian association football club located in Trezzo sull'Adda, Lombardy, currently playing in Serie D.
The noun Tritium comes from the Latin name of the city in which it took the life activities of the club.
History
The club was born in 1908 as Società Ginnastica Tritium with sections for all kinds of sports. The main activities were cyclistic journeys and football was played locally.
Soon after the end of World War I their home ground was enlarged to allow meeting the Italian F.I.G.C. standards but up to 1927 main matches were against local amateurs.
In 1925 the club changed name to Società Sportiva and later to Fascio Giovanile di Combattimento and Associazione Sportiva Trezzo, due to the fascist influence up to 1945.
The football team always took part to regional amateur championships excepting two times when it was promoted to national amateur league (Serie D) in 1976 and 2005.
In the season 2010–11 from Lega Pro Seconda Divisione it was promoted to Lega Pro Prima Divisione with the head coach Stefano Vecchi.
In summer 2010 after the promotion to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione it changed its name to Tritium Calcio 1908. In the next season it was promoted to Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
At the end of the 2012–13 Lega Pro Prima Divisione season the club despite the conquest of salvation after play-off, didn't enroll in the 2013–14 Lega Pro Prima Divisione league, restarting from Promozione.
At the end of the 2013–14 Promozione season the club did not enroll in the 2014–15 Promozione league and dead.
From 2014 to 2016 Tritium was only active as a youth team. The club resumed its activity in 2016, starting from Prima Categoria and winning three consecutive promotions to reach Serie D already in 2019.
Colors and badge
Its colors are white and blue.
Chronology
References
External links
Official Site
Football clubs in Italy
Association football clubs established in 1908
Football clubs in Lombardy
Serie C clubs
1908 establishments in Italy
Nordalbingia () (also Northern Albingia) was one of the four administrative regions of the medieval Duchy of Saxony, the others being Angria, Eastphalia, and Westphalia. The region's name is based on the Latin name Alba for the Elbe River and refers to an area predominantly located north of the Lower Elbe, roughly corresponding with the present-day Holstein region. Situated in what is now Northern Germany, this is the earliest known dominion of the Saxons.
Geography
According to the 1076 Gesta Hammaburgensis ecclesiae pontificum by chronicler Adam of Bremen, Nordalbingia consisted of three tribal areas (Gaue):
Dithmarschen, stretching along the coast of the North Sea from the mouth of the Elbe River to the Eider River in the north
Holstein proper, situated on the Stör River, a right tributary of the Elbe
Stormarn on the north bank of the Elbe, including the present-day area of Hamburg.
The Nordalbingian tribes were allied with the Saxons settling in Land Hadeln (Haduloha) south of the Elbe. In the east, the Limes Saxoniae, an inaccessible region between the Elbe and today's Kiel Fjord on the Baltic Sea, formed a natural border with the Wagria lands settled by Slavic Obotrites.
History
In 772, Charlemagne, ruler of the Franks, started the Saxon Wars to conquer the lands of the North German Plain. According to the Royal Frankish Annals, the Westphalian noble Widukind refused to appear at the 777 Imperial Diet in Paderborn and fled across the Elbe to Nordalbingia (or possibly further to the court of the Danish king Sigfred). Even after Widukind's submission and Christianization in 785, the Nordalbingian tribes remained reluctant until they were finally defeated at the 798 Battle of Bornhöved by the combined forces of the Franks and their Obotrite allies led by Prince Drożko. The Saxons lost 4,000 people, 10,000 families of Saxons were deported to other areas of the Carolingian Empire.
The areas north of the Elbe were at first given to the Obotrites, while Land Hadeln was directly incorporated. However, Nordalbingia soon was invaded by the Danes and only the intervention of Charlemagne's son Charles the Younger in 808 pushed them back across the Eider River. The next year the emperor had Esesfeld Castle erected near present-day Itzehoe and the entire region was incorporated into the Frankish Empire. In order to encounter the ongoing invasions led by King Sigfred's successor Gudfred, the Franks probably established a Danish march stretching from the Eider River to the Danevirke fortifications in the north. After King Gudfred was killed, his successor Hemming concluded the Treaty of Heiligen with Charlemagne in 811, whereafter the Eider should mark the border between Denmark and Francia. However, quarrels between both sides would continue for more than a century until the East Frankish king Henry the Fowler finally defeated the Danish forces of King Gnupa at Hedeby in 934.
After Charlemagne's death in 814, the Nordalbingian Saxons were pardoned and their land restored to them from the Obotrites. According to some sources, the emperor had intended to establish a diocese of Nordalbingia headed by the priest Heridag. This plan was abandoned after Heridag's death, and the region came to be assigned to the dioceses of Bremen and Verden during the reign of Emperor Louis the Pious, when Ansgar was appointed Archbishop at Hamburg in 831.
References
Former states and territories of Lower Saxony
Former states and territories of Schleswig-Holstein
Duchy of Saxony
Lancaster School District may refer to:
Lancaster School District (California)
Lancaster School District (Minnesota)
Lancaster School District (South Carolina)
Lancaster Central School District, New York
School District of Lancaster, Pennsylvania
Lancaster Independent School District, Texas
Kinnaird (, "high headland") is a neighbourhood comprising the southern part of Castlegar, British Columbia.
Name origin
Formerly named West Waterloo, it was an original station on the Columbia and Western Railway opened in 1897. Called Kinnaird by 1912, a popular theory indicates this to be Arthur Kinnaird, 11th Lord Kinnaird, the first superstar of association football and President of the Football Association. This could align with a suggestion that a Canadian Pacific Railway (CP) official provided the name in honour of a place in Scotland.
An alternative theory proposes the name was that of an early settler, perhaps a variation of the person's actual name. One possibility is a CP employee with a name such as Kinney, whose yard bordered the railway siding, giving rise to a "Kinney yard" that developed into Kinnaird. Alfred Joseph Kinney and Frank Kinert were early CP employees listed in the Castegar directory. Furthermore, Kinert is a spelling variant of Kinnaird and the Kinert clan lived in the barony of Kinnaird. Being an obscure railway point at the time, no theory of the name origin appears more plausible than another.
Community
By the 1940s, it was a bedroom community of both Trail and Castlegar. It was incorporated as a village on August 6, 1948, and town in 1967, amalgamating with the Town of Castlegar on January 1, 1974 to form the City of Castlegar.
It is the location of Kinnaird Elementary School, the community complex (home to the Castlegar Rebels of the KIJHL), and Kinnaird Park.
References
Former municipalities in British Columbia
Populated places in the West Kootenay
British Columbia populated places on the Columbia River
Populated places disestablished in 1974
Marko Neloski () (born 06 June 1996) is a retired Macedonian handball player.
He participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship, as well as at the 2017 Men's Junior World Handball Championship.
References
1996 births
Living people
Macedonian male handball players
Sportspeople from Struga
Curio Bay is a coastal embayment in the Southland District of New Zealand, best known as the site of a petrified forest some 180 million years old. It also hosts a yellow-eyed penguin colony, arguably the rarest of penguin species, with approximately 1600 breeding pairs in the extant population. The bay, along with neighbouring Porpoise Bay, is home to the endemic Hector's dolphin. Southern right whales are occasionally observed offshore, as on numerous parts of the country's coast. Located near the southernmost point of the South Island, Curio Bay is one of the major attractions in the Catlins, attracting around 100,000 visitors per year. The town of Waikawa has an information center for tourists.
The now petrified logs, from ancient conifers closely related to modern kauri and Norfolk pine, were buried by ancient volcanic mud flows and gradually replaced by silica to produce the fossils now exposed by the sea.
The fossilised forest grew at a time of semi-tropical climate and before grasses and flowering plants had come into existence. The original forest of cycads, conifers and ferns was buried by massive floods of ash and volcanic debris either directly from a volcanic eruption or from later heavy rain on a barren volcanic mountain. Distinct bands of fossilised vegetation exposed in the cliff face indicate that in between such floods, the forest grew back at least four times over a period of some 20,000 years. Following this, the area remained buried over millions of years. Silica started to impregnate the wood and eventually turned it into stone, preserving not just tree stumps and wood, but in some places also fern fronds and leaves.
Known fossil forests of this age are very few throughout the world, and this is one of the most extensive and least disturbed of them. The overall area stretches for from Curio Bay to Slope Point.
At low tide, the remaining tree stumps and logs are exposed and clearly visible. A short walkway leads from the car park at the end of the sealed road to a viewing platform over this internationally important area. It is strictly prohibited to damage or remove anything from the area.
References
Bibliography
R. Buckingham and J. Hall-Jones. 1985. The Catlins. Invercargill: Department of Conservation. .
N. Peat. 1998. The Catlins and the Southern Scenic Route. Dunedin: University of Otago Press. .
Pole, M. 1999. Structure of a near-polar latitude forest from the New Zealand Jurassic. Palaeogeogr. Palaeoclimatol. Palaeoecol. 147:121–139.
Mesozoic paleontological sites of Oceania
Bays of Southland, New Zealand
Southern Scenic Route
Rock formations of New Zealand
The Catlins
Petrified forests
Tourist attractions in Southland, New Zealand
Jurassic paleontological sites
Paleontological sites of New Zealand
Southland District
William Anthony Kirby (born 2 June 1981) is an English cricketer. Kirby is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium pace. He was born in Hull, Yorkshire.
Kirby represented the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board in a single List A match against the Gloucestershire Cricket Board in the 1st round of the 2000 NatWest Trophy. In his only List A match, he scored 3 runs.
In 2002, he played 2 first-class matches for Durham UCCE against Durham and Nottinghamshire. In those 2 matches, he scored 78 runs at a batting average of 26.00, with a high score of 37, while in the field he took 2 catches.
In 2009, he joined Lincolnshire, making his debut for the county in the Minor Counties Championship against Norfolk. From 2009 to present, he has represented the county in 7 Championship matches. Is debut for Lincolnshire in the MCCA Knockout Trophy came against Norfolk in 2009, and to present he has played 2 further Trophy matches for the county.
References
External links
William Kirby at Cricinfo
1981 births
Living people
Cricketers from Kingston upon Hull
English cricketers
Nottinghamshire Cricket Board cricketers
Durham MCCU cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
English cricketers of the 21st century
The state of Louisiana has 42 district courts, with each serving at least one parish.
District 1
Parish Served: Caddo Parish
District Seat: Caddo Parish Courthouse (Shreveport, LA)
District 2
Parishes served: Claiborne Parish, Bienville Parish, Jackson Parish
District Seats: Claiborne Parish Courthouse (Homer, LA), Bienville Parish Courthouse (Arcadia, LA), Jackson Parish Courthouse (Jonesboro, LA)
District 3
Parishes served: Union Parish, Lincoln Parish
District Seats: Union Parish Courthouse (Farmerville, LA), Lincoln Parish Courthouse (Ruston, LA)
District 4
Parishes Served: Morehouse Parish, Ouachita Parish
District Seats: Morehouse Parish Courthouse (Bastrop, LA), Ouachita Parish Courthouse (Monroe, LA)
District 5
Parishes Served: Franklin Parish, Richland Parish, West Carroll Parish
District Seats: Franklin Parish Courthouse (Winnsboro, LA), Richland Parish Courthouse (Rayville, LA), West Carroll Parish Courthouse (Oak Grove, LA)
District 6
Parishes Served: East Carroll Parish, Madison Parish, Tensas Parish
District Seats: East Carroll Parish Courthouse (Lake Providence, LA), Madison Parish Courthouse (Tallulah, LA), Tensas Parish Courthouse (St. Joseph, LA)
District 7
Parishes Served: Catahoula Parish, Concordia Parish
District Seats: Catahoula Parish Courthouse (Harrisonburg, LA), Concordia Parish Courthouse (Vidalia, LA)
District 8
Parish Served: Winn Parish
District Seat: Winn Parish Courthouse (Winnfield, LA)
District 9
Parish Served: Rapides Parish
District Seat: Rapides Parish Courthouse (Alexandria, LA)
District 10
Parishes Served: Natchitoches Parish
District Seat: Natchitoches Parish Courthouse (Natchitoches, LA)
District 11
Parish Served: Sabine Parish
District Seat: Sabine Parish Courthouse (Many, LA)
District 12
Parish Served: Avoyelles Parish
District Seat: Avoyelles Parish Courthouse (Marksville, LA)
District 13
Parish Served: Evangeline Parish
District Seat: Evangeline Parish Courthouse (Ville Platte, LA)
District 14
Parish Served: Calcasieu Parish
District Seat: Calcasieu Parish Judicial Center (Lake Charles, LA)
District 15
Parishes Served: Acadia Parish, Lafayette Parish, Vermilion Parish
District Seats: Acadia Parish Courthouse (Crowley, LA), Lafayette Parish Courthouse (Lafayette, LA), Vermilion Parish Courthouse (Abbeville, LA)
District 16
Parishes Served: Iberia Parish, St. Martin Parish, St. Mary Parish
District Seats: Iberia Parish Courthouse (New Iberia, LA), St. Martin Courthouse (St. Martinville, LA), St. Mary Courthouse (Franklin, LA)
District 17
Parish Served: Lafourche Parish
District Seat: Lafourche Parish Courthouse (Thibodaux, LA)
District 18
Parishes Served: Iberville Parish, Pointe Coupee Parish, West Baton Rouge Parish
District Seats: Iberville Parish Courthouse (Plaquemine, LA), Pointe Coupee Courthouse (New Roads, LA), West Baton Rouge Courthouse (Port Allen, LA)
District 19
Parish Served: East Baton Rouge Parish
District Seat: 19th Judicial District Courthouse (Baton Rouge, LA)
District 20
Parishes Served: East Feliciana Parish, West Feliciana Parish
District Seats: East Feliciana Courthouse (Clinton, LA), West Feliciana Courthouse (St. Francisville, LA)
District 21
Parishes Served: Livingston Parish, St. Helena Parish, Tangipahoa Parish
District Seats: Livingston Parish Courthouse (Livingston, LA), St. Helena Parish Courthouse (Greensburg, LA), Tangipahoa Parish Courthouse (Amite, LA)
District 22
Parishes Served: St. Tammany Parish, Washington Parish
District Seats: St. Tammany Parish Courthouse (Covington, LA), Washington Parish Courthouse (Franklinton, LA)
District 23
Parishes Served: Ascension Parish, Assumption Parish, St. James Parish
District Seats: Ascension Parish Courthouse (Donaldsonville, LA), Assumption Parish Courthouse (Napoleonville, LA), St. James Parish Courthouse (Convent, LA)
District 24
Parish Served: Jefferson Parish
District Seat: 24th Judicial District Courthouse (Gretna, LA)
District 25
Parish Served: Plaquemines Parish
District Seat: Plaquemines Parish Courthouse (Belle Chasse, LA)
District 26
Parishes Served: Bossier Parish, Webster Parish
District Seats: Bossier Parish Courthouse (Benton, LA), Webster Parish Courthouse (Minden, LA)
District 27
Parish Served: St. Landry Parish
District Seat: St. Landry Parish Courthouse (Opelousas, LA)
District 28
Parish Served: LaSalle Parish
District Seat: LaSalle Parish Courthouse (Jena, LA)
District 29
Parish Served: St. Charles Parish
District Seat: St. Charles Parish Courthouse (Hahnville, LA)
District 30
Parish Served: Vernon Parish
District Seat: Vernon Parish Courthouse (Leesville, LA)
District 31
Parish Served: Jefferson Davis Parish
District Seat: Jefferson Davis Parish Courthouse (Jennings, LA)
District 32
Parish Served: Terrebonne Parish
District Seat: Terrebonne Parish Courthouse (Houma, LA)
District 33
Parish Served: Allen Parish
District Seat: Allen Parish Courthouse (Oberlin, LA)
District 34
Parish Served: St. Bernard Parish
District Seat: St. Bernard Parish Courthouse (Chalmette, LA)
District 35
Parish Served: Grant Parish
District Seat: Grant Parish Courthouse (Colfax, LA)
District 36
Parish Served: Beauregard Parish
District Seat: Beauregard Parish Courthouse (DeRidder, LA)
District 37
Parish Served: Caldwell Parish
District Seat: Caldwell Parish Courthouse (Columbia, LA)
District 38
Parish Served: Cameron Parish
District Seat: Cameron Parish Courthouse (Cameron, LA)
District 39
Parish Served: Red River Parish
District Seat: Red River Parish Courthouse (Coushatta, LA)
District 40
Parish Served: St. John the Baptist Parish
District Seat: St. John the Baptist Parish Courthouse (Edgard, LA)
Orleans Parish District Courts
Parish Served: Orleans Parish
District Seats: Orleans Civil District Court (New Orleans, LA), Orleans Criminal District Court (New Orleans, LA)
Current Judges
District 42
Parish Served: DeSoto Parish
District Seat: DeSoto Parish Courthouse (Mansfield, LA)
References
Louisiana state courts
Courts and tribunals with year of establishment missing
Wilhelm Kernen (6 August 1929 – 12 November 2009) was a Swiss footballer.
He played for FC La Chaux-de-Fonds from 1950 to 1962, winning two Swiss league titles and five Swiss Cups. He also earned 41 caps and scored 1 goal for the Switzerland national football team, and participated in three World Cups.
References
External links
1929 births
2009 deaths
Swiss footballers
Switzerland international footballers
1950 FIFA World Cup players
1954 FIFA World Cup players
1962 FIFA World Cup players
Swiss football managers
FC La Chaux-de-Fonds managers
Swiss Super League players
Association football defenders
People from La Chaux-de-Fonds
Sportspeople from the canton of Neuchâtel
"So Cold" is a song by American rock band Breaking Benjamin. It was released in March 2004 as the lead single from their second album, We Are Not Alone. Despite never having reached the number one spot on the Mainstream Rock chart, "So Cold" holds the record for the most weeks spent in the chart with 62 weeks. The single was certified Platinum by the RIAA on September 15, 2015, just before the band's debut album Saturate was certified Gold. A reimagined version was released on October 31, 2019 in anticipation for their 2020 album, Aurora.
Background and writing
The movie 28 Days Later was an inspiration while Benjamin Burnley was writing the song.
In 2020, Burnley told Apple Music,
Music video
The music video of "So Cold" was directed by Frank Borin. Its story takes place in the 19th century, judging by the style of clothing, and first shows a preacher standing at the edge of a swamp. The scene then shifts to a group of people walking in a forest. One man can be seen carrying a large stone with the Breaking Benjamin Celtic knot on it. The man, who is being punished for infidelity towards his wife, is shackled to the stone throughout the video and struggles to free himself from it. Towards the end, the group of people arrive at the swamp where the preacher stands. The man carrying the stone walks into the swamp and drowns. His wife appears in a black robe while the woman he cheated with wears a white robe.
Meanwhile, the band is seen throughout the video in another part of the forest performing the song.
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Certifications
So Cold EP
So Cold EP is an EP which was released on November 23, 2004. It was originally going to be titled the So Cold (Acoustic) EP. The EP contains five songs, three were recorded live ("So Cold (live acoustic)", "Away" and "Breakdown") and two were studios recorded material ("Blow Me Away" and "Lady Bug"). Kevin Soffera appears on the tracks "Away" and "Breakdown".
Track listing
References
2004 singles
Breaking Benjamin songs
Hollywood Records singles
2004 songs
Songs written by Benjamin Burnley
Song recordings produced by David Bendeth
Generally, a quitclaim is a formal renunciation of a legal claim against some other person, or of a right to land. A person who quitclaims renounce or relinquishes a claim to some legal right, or transfers a legal interest in land. Originally a common law concept dating back to Medieval England, the expression is in modern times mostly restricted to North American law, where it often refers specifically to a transfer of ownership or some other interest in real property.
Commonly, quitclaims are used in situations where a grantor transfers any interest they have in property to a recipient (the grantee) but without offering any guarantee as to the extent of that interest. There may even be no guarantee that the grantor owns the property or has any legal interest in it whatsoever. Specific situations where a precise definition of the grantor's interest (if any) may be unnecessary to include property transferred as a gift, to a family member, or into a business entity.
The legal instrument by which the transfer is effected may be known as a quitclaim deed or quitclaim agreement. Details of the instrument itself, and the typical circumstances of use, vary by U.S. state.
History
The common law concept of quitclaim dates back to medieval England. Its purpose was to provide a straightforward way for a tenant or other person in actual possession of some land to acquire additional rights in it from some other person. For example, a tenant in possession might acquire a fee simple in the land from a superior landowner such as a freeholder. In such a case, the use of quitclaim circumvented the multistep process of the tenant having to formally give up possession to the original freeholder, merely in order to be re-granted possession by feoffment as freeholder in his or her own right.
Quitclaim may originally have been an oral transaction, but by the thirteenth century a formal sealed document or court record had become necessary. A famous early example is the Quitclaim of Canterbury of 1189, by which Richard the Lionheart reversed the Treaty of Falaise, transferring his claims on Scotland to William the Lion.
In United States law
In most arms-length real property transactions, such as a house sale, it is normal for the seller or grantor to warrant that they actually own the property or the interest in it that they are purporting to transfer. But a quitclaim deed contains no such warranty, and the grantee is entitled only to whatever interest the grantor actually possesses at the time. Indeed, the quitclaim deed may offer the grantee no warranty at all even as to the status of the property's title (ownership), and there may be no guarantee that the grantor owns any interest in the property at all.
Because of the lack of warranty, quitclaim deeds are most often used in specific situations where a precise definition of the grantor's interest is unnecessary, such as where property is being transferred as a gift, to a family member, or into a business entity. For example, when a spouse is to acquire the marital home as part of a divorce settlement, the other spouse may be able to transfer their full interest quickly and inexpensively via a quitclaim deed. A quitclaim deed may also be used to transfer title of a property to a purchaser following a foreclosure auction. Typically such a deed will not warrant that the property title is free and clear, and it remains up to the grantee to check that the property is not subject to any legal encumbrances.
Usage varies by state, and in Massachusetts quitclaim deeds include statutory warranties (similar to “special warranty deeds” in other states) and are the norm rather than the exception.
Execution of a quitclaim deed is relatively simple, and may require little more than the signature of the parties. Some states require the deed to be notarized or acknowledged before a notary. Some states permit a jurat, also known as a verification upon oath or affirmation, in which the affiant swears to the truth of the contents of the document, and signs the document in front of the notary.
See also
Bargain and sale deed
Estoppel by deed
Warranty deed
References
Real property law
Real estate terminology
Common law legal terminology
Property law legal terminology
Evan Shanks (born October 10, 1964) is an American rock bassist for Symbol Six and Entropy.
Career
In the early 1980s, Entropy played such venues as Grand Olympic Auditorium and Cathay de Grande right in the heart of Los Angeles / Orange County Punk rock. They went on to play a steady stream of shows for Goldenvoice: 45 Grave, The Circle Jerks, NOFX, The Melvins, The Minutemen, The Butthole Surfers, 7 Seconds, DI, The Toy Dolls, The Effigies, Wasted Youth, English Dogs, D.R.I. (band), Detox, The Dickies, Conflict, and The Dead Kennedys.
In 2009, Ace & Eights performed with Slash and Steven Adler of Guns N' Roses.
Shanks is currently the bassist for the Los Angeles rock band Symbol Six.
Musicians collaborated with
Eric Leach, Tony Fate, Phil George, Taz Rudd: Symbol Six
Phil George, Patrick Stone, Taz Rudd: Aces N' Eights
Entropy
Discography
1985 Gross National Product EP - ENTROPY Catalog #BI-001 (Bad Idea Music )
1986 Kaaos Zine Presents - ENTROPY Catalog #BCT 21 (Bad Compilation Tapes )
2005 Farewell To Venice - ENTROPY (BDF Records )
2006 Post-Industrial Hardcore - ENTROPY
2010 Monsters 11 - SYMBOL SIX (Symbol Six Music)
2014 Dirtyland - SYMBOL SIX Catalog #JHR 049 (Jailhouse Records)
2014 SYMBOL SIX/Fang (band) Split Catalog #JHR 047 (Jailhouse Records)
2015 SYMBOL SIX/Rikk Agnew Split Catalog #JHR 055 (Jailhouse Records)
Gallery
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Meriem "Marie" Soussan (in Arabic: ماري سوسان, in French: Marie Soussan, January 17, 1895, Alger - 1977, Marseille France) was a Jewish-Algerian actress and singer associated with the rise of the Algerian theater from the early 1930s, and the first woman in an Arab country to appear in the theater (until then men played women roles).
Along with Rachid Ksentini, she became a partner in one of the most popular theater pairs during the interwar period. she also recorded 20 78-rpm records.
Biography
Soussan was born on January 17, 1895 in the lower Casbah of Algiers. Her mother Louna Aboucaya was the maternal aunt of impresario Edmond Nathan Yafil. Similar to so many artists of her times, she practiced her musical skills at family events, where she devoted herself to singing and the darbuka. Sometime after World War I, she joined El Moutribia, the orchestra and theater troupe of her famous cousin Yafil. Her stage debut would seem to have occurred in 1925 at the Casino d'Alger. Over the next fifteen years, she sustained a busy career with El Moutribia, acting and touring alongside her comic partner Rachid Ksentini. Together, the Jewish-Muslim duo became center stage. Many of those acts were then recorded to disc. Soussan, of course, was also a talented solo artist, recording an array of genres, classical and popular, first with Gramophone and then with Polyphon. All of this earned her early membership in the Société des auteurs, compositeurs et éditeurs de musique (SACEM).
She left Algeria in 1959 and embarked on a business career in the southern France, before Algeria gained independence and after a deterioration process in the situation of artists there and Jewish artists in particular following World War II. She died in 1977, and was buried in the Jewish cemetery in Marseille.
External links
Marie Soussan and Rachid Ksentini on stage in Blida, Algeria, 1933, a photo on gharamophone Facebook page
See also
Rachid Ksentini
References
Jewish actresses
Algerian stage actresses
Algerian Jews
1895 births
1977 deaths
Migrants from French Algeria to France
20th-century Algerian women singers
20th-century Algerian actresses
People from Casbah
Jewish women musicians
Jewish singers
Sumati Shatakam (Telugu: సుమతీ శతకము) is one of the most famous Telugu Shatakam. It is a neeti (moral) Shatakam.
Sataka Karta (Sataka Creator)
Sumati Satakam is composed of more than 100 poems (padyalu).
According to many literary critics Sumati Satakam was reputedly composed by Baddena Bhupaludu (AD 1220-1280). He was also known as Bhadra Bhupala. He was a Chola prince and was a Vassal under the Kakatiya empress Rani Rudrama Devi during the thirteenth century. He was a pupil of Tikkana, a Telugu writer. If we assume that the Sumatee Satakam was indeed written by Baddena, it would rank as one of the earliest Satakams in Telugu along with Vrushadhipa Satakam of Palkuriki Somanatha and Sarveswara Satakam by Yathavakkula Annamayya. The Sumatee Satakam is also one of the earliest Telugu works to be translated into European languages. Sri Riasat Ali Taj (1930-1999), poet, critic, writer, linguist & translator from Karimnagar has made poetic translations (Manzoom Tarjuma in Urdu Rubaiyaat) published in popular Urdu magazines and newspapers in early 1950s.
Features
Sumati Satakam has been extremely popular for a long time with parents and teachers who try to teach the right conduct and social values to young children. The language used is very simple. The poems have the musical quality of classical meters. Most of the words are simple Telugu. The use of Sanskrit words is very limited. There are hardly any words unfamiliar to modern readers. The poems do not look anything like the sophisticated compositions using the highly cultivated language of . Since the Telugu used by the author is so close to what the common people used, the poems look surprisingly familiar to the users of the Telugu. The poems have an astonishing communication power. All the poems are in kanda padyam meter. Being in short meter and being unconnected to each other the poems are easy to remember. Even if one does not remember the entire poem, it is commonplace to quote some gem like statements from the Satakam. Each generation of school children learns some of them during elementary and high schools.
External links
Open Source Audio by Dr. Goli Anjaneyulu.
Sumati Satakam Versions: Adyar Library
Sumati Satakam Versions: Charles Philip Brown
Sumati Satakam Transcription, Andhra Pradesh State Oriental Manuscript Library and Research Institute
Telugu-language literature
Indian poetry collections
Beck is an unincorporated community in Covington County, Alabama, United States.
History
The community was likely named for the Beck family, who lived in the area. A post office operated under the name Beck from 1898 to 1904. Beck was once home to a general store, gristmill, and automotive garage.
References
Unincorporated communities in Covington County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
The Swap is a British television crime drama series first broadcast on ITV1 in February 2002. The two-part serial stars Jemma Redgrave and Michael Maloney as a husband and wife who engage in a house swap with an Australian family for the Christmas holidays. However, the swap goes badly wrong and results in tragedy for both families involved. The serial achieved good viewing figures, upward of 8m.
The series was released on DVD on 4 April 2005.
Critical reception
Critical reception of the series was mostly positive.
Tony Purnell of The Mirror said; "The highly original, two-part thriller was beautifully acted by Jemma Redgrave, Michael Maloney and Jonathan Cake. It kept me guessing and kept me on the edge of my seat, where I'll be again tonight for the conclusion."
Gerard O'Donovan of The Daily Telegraph said; "Marc Blake's nicely paced script and David Drury's stylish direction did a great job of translating a mundane, if deep-rooted, fear into an all too believable spine-chiller. Let's hope tonight's conclusion lives up to expectations."
However, Gareth McLean of The Guardian said of the series; "In common with most middle-class people on television, Tom and Jen Forrester are awful. She is whiny, petulant and stupid and he is grumpy, brusque and priggish. Admittedly, we probably shouldn't take The Swap so seriously - what with it being such giddy hokum - but it would have been nice if it hadn't been quite so ridiculous."
Cast
Jemma Redgrave as Jen Forrester
Michael Maloney as Tom Forrester
Jonathan Cake as Charles Anderson
John McGlynn as DCI Knowles
Lara Belmont as Lissa Forrester
Tessa Churcher as Sarah Jenkins
Cate Fowler as Henrietta Collins
Phyllida Law as Rose Trenchard
Rachel O'Meara as Doctor Derby
Episode list
References
ITV (TV network) original programming
2002 British television series debuts
2002 British television series endings
2000s British television miniseries
2000s British legal television series
English-language television shows
ITV television dramas
Films directed by David Drury
Nephopterix albovariegata is a species of snout moth in the genus Nephopterix. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1915. It is found in Algeria.
References
Moths described in 1915
Phycitini
Endemic fauna of Algeria
Moths of Africa
Amy Smith (born 10 November 1998) is an Australian rule footballer playing for the North Melbourne Football Club in the AFL Women's competition (AFLW). Smith was drafted by North Melbourne with the 55th pick overall in the 2020 AFL Women's draft. She was the first father-daughter selection for the club, being the daughter of Shaun Smith who played 47 games for the men's team.
Prior to being drafted, Smith played with Williamstown in the VFL Women's competition and with Aberfeldie in the EDFL competition.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
North Melbourne Football Club (AFLW) players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Fredrik Svanbäck (born 5 December 1979 in Jakobstad, Finland) is a Finnish-Swedish football player and manager who is currently representing Croatia Helsingborg in Swedish Division 5. He last represented Landskrona BoIS in the Swedish Superettan. He signed for Helsingborgs IF in 2004 having spent all his career up to that at FF Jaro in his home town. He is a left midfielder, but has also tried the full-back position. He has been capped twice for Finland.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Finnish footballers
Finland international footballers
FF Jaro players
Helsingborgs IF players
Landskrona BoIS players
Veikkausliiga players
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Swedish-speaking Finns
Association football midfielders
People from Jakobstad
Sportspeople from Ostrobothnia (region)
Dmitry Savelyevich Shuvayev (; – 19 December 1937) was a Russian military leader, Infantry General (1912) and Minister of War (1916).
Life
Dmitry Shuvayev graduated from Alexander Military School in 1872. Between 1873 and 1875, he participated in campaigns in Central Asia. He left General Staff Academy in 1878. In 1879, he became a professor at the military school in Kiev.
He used to command a division (1905) and a corps (1907-1908). In 1909, Shuvayev was appointed head of Chief Quartermaster Department and chief quartermaster. He then held a post of Chief Field Quartermaster between December 1915 and March 1916.
Shuvayev was appointed minister of war on 15 March 1916, succeeding Alexei Polivanov. In this role he supported with Mitrofan Voronkov and Vladimir Groman, was regards setting the fixed price for grain: Voronkov and Groman argued for fixing prices at a lower value, but the minister Aleksei Bobrinsky, a spokesperson for landed interest, at first succeeded in ensuring the prices were set quite high. However when Shuvayev became involved, Bobrinsky's policy was overthrown and Voronkov became a much quoted spokesperson on the topic. On 3 January 1917 he was appointed to the State Council and succeeded by Mikhail Belyaev. After the October Revolution, Shuvayev served in the Red Army as a commander from 1918 to 1926 and taught at different military schools.
His son, Aleksandr Shuvayev, led the 4th Red Army in the Battle of Warsaw during the Polish–Soviet War.
He retired from military service in 1926. On 5 December 1937, Shuvayev was arrested by the NKVD. He was sentenced to death on 15 December and shot on 19 December 1937. He was rehabilitated posthumously in 1956.
Honours and awards
Order of St. Stanislaus, 1st class (1903), 2nd class with swords (1876), 3rd class with swords and bow (1874)
Order of St. Anna, 1st class (1906), 2nd class (1881), 3rd class with swords and bow (1876), 4th class (1874)
Order of St. Vladimir, 2nd class (5 September 1909), 3rd class (1890), 4th class (1885)
Order of the White Eagle (25 March 1912)
References
1854 births
1937 deaths
Military personnel from Ufa
People from Ufimsky Uyezd
Members of the State Council (Russian Empire)
Imperial Russian Army generals
Soviet Army officers
Quartermasters
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of the White Eagle (Russia)
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 1st class
Russian people executed by the Soviet Union
Great Purge victims from Russia
Soviet rehabilitations
Swaziland competed in the Summer Olympic Games for the first time at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. Two competitors, both male, took part in four events in two sports.
Athletics
Men
Shooting
Open
References
External links
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1972 Summer Olympics
1972
1972 in Swaziland
Procottus is a genus of deepwater sculpins endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia.
Species
There are currently four recognized species in this genus:
Procottus gotoi Sideleva, 2001
Procottus gurwicii (Taliev, 1946) (Dwarf sculpin)
Procottus jeittelesii (Dybowski, 1874) (Red sculpin)
Procottus major Taliev, 1949
References
Abyssocottidae
Fish of Russia
Paathirapattu is a 1967 Indian Malayalam-language horror film, directed and produced by N. Prakash. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, C. R. Lakshmi and G. K. Pillai. The film had musical score by Vijayabhaskar. The film is partially adapted from the 1953 Hollywood film House of Wax.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sheela
C. R. Lakshmi
G. K. Pillai
Indira Thampi
K. P. Ummer
Mala Aravindan
Nellikode Bhaskaran
K. S. Parvathy
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Vijayabhaskar with lyrics by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Nurmon Jymy is a pesäpalloclub in Seinäjoen Nurmossa. Nurmo is a former municipality of Finland and now part of Seinäjoki. Nurmon Jymy's primary team played in the professional division in Finland Superpesiksessä until 2012 and their secondary team played in the national league.
After the 2011 season Nurmon Jymy came together with Seinäjoen Maila-Jussit and formed Jymy-Jussit this team then entered the professional baseball division Superpesis.
The club plays its home games in Hyllykallio in their home field Skaala-areena. The club reached its audience record in 2005 in the final match against Kiteen Pallo -90. The estimated number of viewers is about 4290 people. In 2005 the team won silver in Superpesis, 2006 they achieved 5th and 4th in 2007.
History
Nurmon Jymy was established 5 March 1925. The name Jymy was selected from an extensive list of possible names. When established junior teams Ylipään Kaverir and Alapään Koitto merged. The reason behind this was the shortage of funds of the two teams. The merging was done by many significant personnel, such as Kustaa Pihlajamäki and Kyösti Luukko. The first chairman of team was Viljo Peltola. The city of Nurmo had been interested in baseball like sports for a long time. The citizens of Nurmo use to play sports in the Civil Guard( White Civil Guard) and in 1924 they won the championship of the district in pesäpallo.
Hall of Fame
Awarded
East-West -players
Jussi Kitinoja (1951, 1955, 1956, 1958)
Sakari Mannila (1956)
Kustaa Rasku (1956, 1958, 1961)
Esa Risku (1961, 1962)
Taisto Tikkanen (1966)
Aulis Paski (1967)
Martti Yli-Jaskari (1967)
Mauno Yli-Soini (1970)
Jouko Martikkala (1976)
Markku Haapasalmi (1977)
Erkki Lahti (1985)
Antti Piuhola (2004)
Antti Kataja-Rahko (2004)
Teijo Kankaanpää (2004, 2005)
Mikko Vainionpää (2005)
Antti Tokkari (2005, 2006)
Antti Kuusisto (2005, 2006, 2007, 2008)
Henri Puputti (2005, 2006, 2007, 2008)
Tommi Murto (2006)
Henri Heinäheimo (2008)
Juha Niemi (2010)
Organization
Nurmon Jymyn pesäpallotoiminnasta vastaa Nurmon Jymy ry:n pesäpallojaosto. Pesäpallojaoston puheenjohtajana toimii kaudella 2010 Heikki Riikilä.
Budget
In 2007 the primary team had a budget €367 000 . In 2006 the budget was €358 000 . In 2005 the budget was 307 000 euroa. In 2008 budget was 10 000 ja and target audience number was 75. In total Nurmon Jymy had a budget of 400 000 and the pesäpallo(baseball team) took 350 000 euroa. In 2009 the organization total budget was 389 000, the pesäpallo team took 166 000 euroa.
Standings and rankings
Achievements
Nurmon Jymy has achieved 3 medals in the professional league, of those three two were bronze and one silver. The bronze medals were achieved in 1956 and 2008. Silver medal was achieved in 2005. The team won Pesäpallon Suomen Cup in 1978. The team has won 4 medals in indoor pesäpallo which has some modified rules. They won silver in 2004 and 2005 and bronze in 2006 and 2007.
Game Masters
1950-luku Erkki Kurikka
1960-luku Veikko Lahti
1964 Kustaa Rasku
1965 Juho Niemistö
1970-luku Veikko Lahti, Markku Latikka
1976 Veikko Lahti
1977–1978 Esa Risku
1979–1981 Raimo Rajala
1982–1983 Oiva Lilli
1984 Tuomo Olli
1985 Jouko Martikkala
1986 Kari Kiiskilä
1987 Tuomo Olli
1988–1989 Juhani Kukkasela
1990 Oiva Lilli
1991–1993 Veikko Puiras
1994–1995 Risto Ojanperä
2000–2001 Marko Hakala
2002–2003 Pasi Tyynelä
2004 Mauri Pyhälahti
2005–2008 Jussi Järvinen
2009 Jari Mäkelä, 8.7 alkaen Jussi Järvinen
2010–2011 Antti Piuhola
2012– Jarmo Ania
Seasons in different leagues
Men
Selitteet
Kausien 1933–1935 sijoitus kertoo Jymyn sijoituksen omassa lohkossaan, ei koko B-ryhmässä.
References
Nurmon historia III s.6
Nurmon historia III s.52
Nurmon historia III s.40
Nurmon historia III s.83
http://www.vessix.kotisivukone.com/files/vessix.kotisivukone.com/Pesis/1931/1931-sarjat.xls
a bhttp://www.vessix.kotisivukone.com/files/vessix.kotisivukone.com/Pesis/seurat/nurmon_jymy.xls
http://www.mrasilainen.com/sarjat/1931/1932_ka.htm
http://www.vessix.kotisivukone.com/files/vessix.kotisivukone.com/Pesis/1933/1933-sarjat.xls
http://www.vessix.kotisivukone.com/files/vessix.kotisivukone.com/Pesis/1934/1934-sarjat.xls
http://www.vessix.kotisivukone.com/files/vessix.kotisivukone.com/Pesis/1935/1935-sarjat.xls
Nurmon historia III s.86
http://www.vessix.kotisivukone.com/files/vessix.kotisivukone.com/Pesis/1939/1939-sarjat.xls
Nurmon historia III s.103
http://www.mrasilainen.com/sarjat/ottelut/M_Suomensarja_1945-2008.xls
Nurmon historia III s.160
Nurmon historia III s.156–157
http://www.mrasilainen.com/scripts/W_IL_seura.php?jid=59
http://www.mrasilainen.com/sarjat/ottelut/M_Suomensarja_1945-2008.xls
http://www.mrasilainen.com/sarjat/ottelut/M_Suomensarja_1945-2008.xls
Nurmon historia III s.157
Nurmon historia III s.157
http://www.pesis.fi/mp/db/file_library/x/IMG/36858/file/msu1955.txt
Nurmon historia III s.306
Nurmon historia III s.162
Nurmon historia III s.161
Urheilumme kasvot 3: Palloilu, s. 1107. Pesäpallo: Lukkarit, Lyöjäkuninkaat. Jyväskylä: Oy Scandia kirjat Ab, 1973.
http://www.mrasilainen.com/scripts/W_IL_seura.php?jid=59
http://www.mrasilainen.com/sarjat/ottelut/M_SM_1922-2008.xls
Nurmon historia III s.164
Nurmon historia III s.157
Sanomalehti Karjalainen: Lehti: Nurmon Jymyn kausi vaarassa
http://2007.kipa90.com/main.site?action=siteupdate/view&id=82
http://2007.kipa90.com/main.site?action=news/view&id=354&ngid=1
http://2007.kipa90.com/main.site?action=news/view&id=230&ngid=1
www.pesis.fi/mp/db/file_library/x/IMG/42780/file/Miestensuomensarjanennakko2008.pdf
http://www.ilkka.fi/arc_article.jsp?article=328111
http://yle.fi/urheilu/lajit/pesapallo/2009/05/nurmo_rakentaa_uutta_jymya_146204.htmlNurmo rakentaa uutta Jymyä
SUOMEN SUURIN PESISJOUKKUE ! Jymy. Viitattu 4 March 2008.
Nurmon historia III s.157
Jymyläinen 2/2008 24 September 2008 s.1
External links
Nurmon Jymyn pesäpallon kotisivut
Pesäpallo
Dance Dance Dance is a German competitive dancing talent show that air on RTL.
Scoring chart
Red numbers indicate the lowest score for each week
Green numbers indicate the highest score for each week
the couple eliminated that week
the winning couple
the runner-up couple
the third-place couple
Weekly scores
Week 1
References
2016 German television series debuts
RTL (German TV channel) original programming
German reality television series
Dance competition television shows
German-language television shows
Game Over: How Nintendo Zapped an American Industry, Captured Your Dollars, and Enslaved Your Children is a non-fiction book written by David Sheff and published by Random House, New York in 1993. Based on many extensive interviews of high level historical figures, it has provided a research foundation for subsequent works, with a positive critical reception.
Overview
The book details the modern history of Nintendo and its rise to become the most powerful electronic gaming company in the world as of 1993. It provides a history of the worldwide electronic gaming industry as a whole from the 1960s to the 1990s.
Beyond its very specific title, the book is fairly neutral; it mainly relates the history of the company to the positives and negatives of its business practices. Sheff attributes many of Nintendo's successes to what reviewer James Fallows termed "the Japanese system's tolerance for monopoly". Sheff defends the accuracy of the "enslaved your children" portion of the subtitle, stating that "kids will play the games compulsively and non-stop".
The book provides a foundation for subsequent historical research because the author extensively interviewed numerous historical industry figures, such as Howard Lincoln, Nolan Bushnell, Shigeru Miyamoto (misspelled as "Sigeru" if regarding Hepburn romanization as definitive), Alexey Pajitnov, and anonymous sources.
Revisions
Game Over: How Nintendo Conquered the World, an edition published by Vintage Press in 1994, contains a new foreword written by author David Sheff pertaining to the controversy over video game content in the early 1990s. In 1999, a revised edition of the book titled Game Over: Press Start to Continue – The Maturing of Mario (referencing Nintendo's flagship character Mario) was released. It has error corrections, and photographs and new chapters written by Andy Eddy. An edited version was printed by Coronet Books and given away free with the May 1999 issue of Arcade magazine.
Reception
The book had a mostly positive reception. Christopher Lehmann–Haupt of The New York Times wrote that the book is "irresistible ... Game Over tells a remarkable series of stories ... And maybe that is its hidden message. Maybe that is what makes it, at its best, almost as hypnotic as a successful video game." Alex Kozinsky of The Wall Street Journal called it "the bible of the videogame industry" and "ultimately less absorbing than Tetris, but not by much". Clarence Petersen of the Chicago Tribune called it "a cross between Barbarians at the Gate and The Soul of a New Machine". People magazine said, "Writing with the playful pluck of Mario [...] Sheff unfolds an engrossing tale." Fellow technology historian Steven Levy said, "Mr. Sheff is comprehensive and instructive. ... Whoever those future billionaires are, they would do well to read this book." Alan Deutschman of Fortune said, "Finally, a book as provocative as its title, Game Over is a detailed, fascinating, and instructive case study". Deirdre McMurdy of Maclean's said, "Sheff painstakingly documents the history of Nintendo and its relentless rise to dominance of the global toy industry." Next Generation gave a positive review for the breadth, quality of research, and easy readability. It remarked that the one flaw is that the frequent detours from the Nintendo story give the reader the feeling that the book is an overview of gaming history in general with an unbalanced focus on Nintendo. It concluded, "Next Generation uses Game Over as a reference guide on a day-to-day basis, and we really can't give any higher recommendation than that."
Legacy
The high level of interview access to major historical figures, which US Gamer described as "unprecedented" and making it "the definitive work", has been referenced by nearly all other subsequent books and articles about Nintendo's history.
References
Further reading
1993 non-fiction books
1993 in video gaming
Books about computer and internet entrepreneurs
History books about video games
Random House books
Works about Nintendo
William Godson (1766 – 19 August 1822) was an attorney in Tenbury, Worcestershire, and elected one of the county's coroners in 1809.
His wife was Margaret Probyn (1766–1832). His son Richard Godson (1797-1849) was member of Parliament for St Albans in 1831-32 and then Kidderminster 1832-34 and 1837-1849. His son, Septimus Holmes Godson (1799-1877), was a British barrister who was called to the bar at Gray's Inn in 1837. His son Stephen practised as an attorney at Worcester and died 9 June 1839.
References
English lawyers
British coroners
Worcestershire
William
1766 births
1822 deaths
Jane Garvey may refer to:
Jane Garvey (aviation administrator), head of the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration, 1997–2002
Jane Garvey (broadcaster) (born 1964), British radio presenter
The Birds Mosaic is a Byzantine mosaic floor discovered in Caesarea, Israel.
History
The mosaic was discovered in 1950 during a military exercise, and after five years was covered in sand to prevent deterioration. Archaeologist Shmuel Yeivin was the first to publish about it, and described it as a church due to the apse located in the east of the building. Since no pillars were found, he proposed that the church was without a roof. But in 1985 archaeologist Ronny Reich concluded that the site was the central part of a villa, rather than a church.
In 2004, the conservator Amir Genach, volunteers, the CDC and the Israel Antiquities Authority removed the 70 cm thick dirt layer covering the mosaic, restored and strengthened it, and prepared it for visitors. The site was opened to the public in October 2005. Entrance to the site is free, and it is possible to walk on the mosaic.
The mosaic floor belongs to a Byzantine palace that was built in the end of the 6th century or beginning of the 7th century, and which lay outside the walls of ancient Caesarea. The floor covered the central courtyard of the palace, which was led to by a portico on the west side. Surrounding it was a colonnade, rooms, and additional courtyards with mosaic floors. The built area of the palace was about 1500 square meters, and the entire settlement covered about 3 dunams. It belonged to a wealthy Christian family, but no indications of its identity have been found. The building had an additional story which also had mosaic floors, parts of which collapsed when the palace was destroyed by fire, apparently during the Arab conquest in 640. The wooden beams of the second floor were burned, and parts of its mosaic were found on the floor of the first story.
The mosaic takes up an area of 16 by 14.5 meters. It includes a frame decorated with fruit trees bearing large and beautiful fruit. Between the trees are large mammals in states of movement. The mammals include lions, leopards, bears, ibex, dogs, elephants, gazelle, oxen, wild boar, horse, and goat.
The center of the mosaic (surrounded by the frame) consists of 120 round medallions populated by large colorful birds, which give the mosaic its name. The medallions form 12 rows, with different kinds of birds in each row - peacocks, storks, pelicans, herons, pheasants, grey-headed swamphen, duck, flamingo, guineafowl, ostrich, rock partridge - all of them facing to the left. The sequence of birds is such that the same species is repeated along a diagonal in the medallion array.
Under the mosaic is a plastered cistern, to which drained rainwater from the entire complex. In the northwest corner of the site was a reservoir which received its water from a well. The complex was too high to receive water from Caesarea's aqueduct, so it needed an independent water supply.
Another unique finding at the site was a table cover in the shape of the letter D, tiled with squares and triangles. The table was made with the "glass-gold" method - two layers of glass with a gold layer between it, and figures of crosses and flowers in the gold layer. When the palace was burned, the table overturned and was burned, while the cover was preserved on the floor. This cover was removed from the site for preservation.
See also
Birds Mosaic (Jerusalem)
Archaeology of Israel
References
External sources
R. Reich, A Figurative Mosaic from Caesarea, in: R. Reich, Some Byzantine remains, 'Atiqot (English Series) 17 (1986), pp. 205-213
Gold Glass Table from Caesarea
Archaeological sites in Israel
Byzantine mosaics
Caesarea, Israel
Chairmen of the Cocos (Keeling) Islands Council
Presidents of the Shire of Cocos Council
The office was known as the "President of the Cocos (Keeling) Islands Shire Council" prior to 2004.
Sources
World Statesmen.org
Shire of Cocos home page
Politics of the Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Australia politics-related lists
Leaders of Shire Council
Batrachedra scitator is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Arizona.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1966
May (, ) is a district of Pavlodar Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Koktobe. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Pavlodar Region
Rebecca Hourwich Reyher (1897–1987) was an American writer, lecturer, and suffragist. She was the head of the New York and Boston offices of the National Woman's Party.
Early life
Reyher was born into a middle-class, Russian immigrant, secular Jewish family. Her father Isaac A. Hourwich was an attorney. He had been exiled to Siberia for his revolutionary activities, later escaping and immigrating to the United States by the early 1890s. A Columbia University economics graduate, he became a professor and wrote extensively on the topic of immigration. Reyher's mother, Lisa Jaffe Hourwich, was the daughter of a Ukrainian-Jewish school teacher. Lisa's father left the Russian Empire and immigrated to the United States when Lisa was twenty-six. Lisa also worked as a teacher. Rebecca wrote in her oral memoir that her mother's career inspired her own "passionate support" for women's careers.
In 1917 she married Ferdinand Reyher, and in 1919 they had a daughter called Faith. They divorced in 1934.
Career
She traveled to Africa six times, with the first trip being in 1924, and this inspired two books, Zulu Woman (1948) and The Fon and His Hundred Wives. She also wrote many articles about Africa, and contributed to Speaker for Suffrage and Petitioner for Peace, a memoir by Mabel Vernon. Other contributors to that memoir were Consuelo Reyes-Calderon, Fern S. Ingersoll, and Hazel Hunkins Hallinan.
She was a lecturer on the topic of women and Africa at schools, including the New School for Social Research and New York University.
In 1937 she left America as part of the "Flying Caravan" of delegates of the People's Mandate Committee, which went to South America and was meant to urge ratification of the peace treaties adopted at the Buenos Aires Conference of 1936, and to create support for a petition demanding that governments reject war.
References
External links
Papers of Rebecca Hourwich Reyher, 1877-1988 (inclusive), 1915-1970 (bulk): A Finding Aid. Schlesinger Library, Radcliffe Institute, Harvard University.
1897 births
1987 deaths
20th-century American women
American people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
American suffragists
American women's rights activists
Jewish American journalists
Jewish feminists
Jewish suffragists
Lecturers
National Woman's Party activists
New York University faculty
Secular Jews
The New School faculty
20th-century American Jews
Chongwe District is a district of Zambia, located in Lusaka Province. The capital lies at Chongwe. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 137,461 people.
Before 1997, Chongwe District, together with Kafue District and Rufunsa District, was known as "Lusaka Rural".
Chongwe is home to Chalimbana University (formerly National In-service Teachers College - NISTCOL).
References
Districts of Lusaka Province
Shelina Zahra Janmohamed (born 13 April 1974) is a British writer. She is the author of Love in a Headscarf (2009), a memoir of growing up as a British Muslim woman. Her new book titled Generation M: Young Muslims Changing the World was published in August 2016. Generation M, as The Guardian puts it, "is the first detailed portrait" of the influential segment of the world's "fastest growing religion", Islam. She is also a blogger: her blog is called Spirit 21.
Early life and education
Janmohamed was born on 13 April 1974. She is of East-African and South-Asian origin. Her parents emigrated from Tanzania in 1964.
She grew up in North London and was educated at Haberdashers' Aske's School for Girls, Elstree, subsequently graduating from New College, Oxford.
Career
Janmohamed is a regular contributor and writer for several news outlets and magazines, including the BBC, ITV, The Times, The Guardian, The National, The Muslim News, Emel magazine, The Independent and The Telegraph. focusing on Islam and current affairs. She has a particular interest in Muslim women and Islam in the West.
Her blog, Spirit21, has won several awards, including the Brass Crescent Award for Best Blog. Janmohamed lives in London and has appeared on numerous British television networks.
She has travelled with the British Foreign and Commonwealth office to Darfur, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Indonesia, Qatar and Turkey under its programme to build links with British Muslims and encourage dialogue. She is a creator and organizer of social and cultural events for young British Muslims, as part of creating a new British Muslim culture and identity, and the host of the annual ‘Eid in the Square' event which is held in Trafalgar Square. She is a trustee of the Windsor Fellowship which encourages minority ethnic students to excel in education and employment.
She is serving as a Vice President of Ogilvy Noor, world's first Islamic Branding & marketing consultancy agency.
Personal life
She is married and currently lives in London with her two children.
Awards and honours
Janmohamed was named by The Times and the UK Equality and Human Rights Commission as one of the UK's 100 most influential Muslim women, and most recently she was named as one of the 500 most influential Muslims in the world.
In October 2013, she was included in the BBC's 100 Women.
In January 2014, Janmohamed was nominated for the Services to Media award at the British Muslim Awards.
In October 2014, she was included again in the BBC's 100 Women.
Views
Janmohamed has stated the need for brands to improve their marketing aimed at Muslim consumers, urging them to conduct better research and to work harder at 'humanising' Muslims by treating them the same as they would any other demographic, saying:
Janmohamed has criticised the current Home Secretary Sajid Javid for dismissing a request made by the Muslim Council of Britain for the Conservative party to carry out an independent inquiry into Islamophobia. In an article for The National, she wrote:
References
Further reading
Reviews
External links
1974 births
Living people
Alumni of New College, Oxford
British memoirists
British bloggers
British journalists
British Muslims
British women memoirists
British women bloggers
People educated at Haberdashers' Aske's School for Girls
BBC 100 Women
Writers from London
Journalists from London
21st-century memoirists
Kareena Kareena is a Zee TV comedy serial that aired from 18 October 2004 to 17 October 2005. Numerous celebrities have also made appearances on the show such as Amol Palekar, Abhishek Bachchan, Shahrukh Khan, Priyanka Chopra, and Rajeev Khandelwal. A spin off Pandey aur Pandey aired in 2006. The show was replaced by Saat Phere: Saloni Ka Safar Reruns of the show aired on Zee Smile and Zee Anmol.
Cast
Kulraj Randhawa as Kareena/Mrs. Sood
Nandita Puri as Kareena's Mother
Sandeep Rajora as Tushar Pandey
Sharokh Barocha as Prem Motwani
Sudhir Pandey as Tribhuvandas Pandey
Vandana Gupte as Nilambari Tribhuvandas Pandey
Atul Srivastava as P.K. Srivastav
Manmeet Singh as Kareena's landlord
Neeru Bajwa as Lolo
Karanveer Singh as Kareena's Boyfriend
Manisha Kanojia as Lolo's Mother
Anju Rajeev
Faraaz Khan
References
Indian comedy television series
Zee TV original programming
2004 Indian television series debuts
2005 Indian television series endings
The Karaali Rocks () are a small group of rocks along the east side of the mainly snow-covered Coulter Heights, east of Matikonis Peak in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica. They were mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65, and were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Atok Karaali, an ionospheric physicist at Plateau Station, 1968.
References
Rock formations of Marie Byrd Land
The 1930 Michigan gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 1930. Republican nominee Wilber M. Brucker defeated Democratic nominee William Comstock with 56.88% of the vote.
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
Wilber M. Brucker, Republican
William Comstock, Democratic
Other candidates
Joseph Billups, Workers
George M. Campbell, Socialist
Duly McCone, Prohibition
Results
References
1930
Michigan
Gubernatorial
November 1930 events
Thenaruvi is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by Kunchacko. The film stars Prem Nazir, Vijayasree, Adoor Bhasi, G. K. Pillai and K. P. Ummer in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Rajan, Mannan (double role)
Sathyan as Rajan's brother - shots of Sathyan used from the movie 'Kaattuthulasi'
Vijayasree as Neeli/Madhavi
Vijayanirmala as Sudha
Adoor Bhasi as Raman Nair
G. K. Pillai as Vakkeel
K. P. Ummer as Madhusudhanan
Sumithra as Ichira
KPAC Lalitha as Mariyamma
Kaduvakulam Antony as Lazar
Radhika as Rajan's mother
S. P. Pillai as Thulasi's father
Ushakumari as Thulasi
Adoor Pankajam as Kotha
Alummoodan as Swami
Manavalan Joseph as Swami
Aryad Gopalakrishnan as Cheeran
Vijayakala
Baby Indira as Devi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
'Kattuthulasi2
The African Handball Nations Championship is the official competition for senior national handball teams of Africa, and takes place every two years. In addition to crowning the African champions, the tournament also serves as a qualifying tournament for the Olympic Games and for World Handball Championship. Started in 1974, it is the oldest continental handball competition. The current champions are Egypt, who won the 2022 tournament in Egypt.
Only three countries have won the tournament. Tunisia, winner of the first edition, has won the title a record ten times. Egypt, with eight titles, and Algeria, with seven titles, are the only two other teams to have won the competition.
Both Morocco and Algeria were banned from hosting the African Handball Championship in 2022 and 2024, Egypt were chosen to host the tournaments instead.
Summaries
Egypt finished 2nd however it was disqualified.
A round-robin tournament determined the final standings.
Medal table
Participating nations
Legend
– Champions
– Runners-up
– Third place
– Fourth place
Q — Qualified for upcoming tournament
— Qualified but withdrew
— Did not qualify
— Did not enter / Withdrew from the Championship
— Disqualified / Banned
— Hosts
See also
African Men's Junior Handball Championship
African Men's Youth Handball Championship
African Handball Champions League
African Handball Cup Winners' Cup
African Handball Super Cup
References
External links
Official website
Handball Africa Archive – todor66.com
كأس الأمم الأفريقية لكرة اليد رجال – kooora.com
Men's sports competitions in Africa
Recurring sporting events established in 1974
Tongue Rock () is an insular rock just north of Low Tongue, off Mac. Robertson Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and named Tangskjera (the tongue rock). The translated form of the name recommended by Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) has been approved.
Rock formations of Mac. Robertson Land
The Lumpkin Commercial Historic District in Lumpkin, Georgia is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The listing included 18 contributing buildings.
The district includes Lumpkin's courthouse square, with its monument to Confederate dead, and the two-story brick Classical Revival Stewart County Courthouse (separately listed on the National Register in 1980).
It also includes commercial buildings on the streets which define the square: Main, Broad, Cotton, and Mulberry Streets, in the eight blocks surrounding the square.
It includes the separately listed Bedingfield Inn (NRHP-listed in 1973).
References
Confederate States of America monuments and memorials in Arkansas
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Stewart County, Georgia
Greek Revival architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Victorian architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
The Sugarman 3, sometimes titled The Sugarman Three, is a retro-funk band from New York City formed in 1996 by saxophonist Neal Sugarman, Hammond organ player Adam Scone, and drummer Rudy Albin. The band has released four studio albums—Sugar's Boogaloo (1999), Soul Donkey (2000), Pure Cane Sugar (2002) and What the World Needs Now (2012)—and one compilation album, Sweet Spot (2001).
History
Neal Sugarman grew up in Newton, Massachusetts and played saxophone for punk rock bands Boys Life and Black Cat Bone during the 1980s.
He moved to New York in the early 1990s to pursue jazz. After a stint in New Orleans playing with musicians including Eddie Henderson and Mike Longo,
Sugarman returned to New York and formed a funk band with organist Adam Scone and drummer Rudy Albin.
The trio, named The Sugarman 3, were influenced by artists such as "Brother" Jack McDuff and The Meters.
The band was among the musicians who established Desco Records, a label that released reissues of 1960s and 1970s funk and jazz records in addition to material by current acts.
The Sugarman 3's debut album, Sugar's Boogaloo, was released in 1998. Soul Donkey followed in 2000, and included cover versions of songs by James Brown and Lou Donaldson along with original songs by the band. A compilation album, 2001's Sweet Spot, contained selections from the trio's first two albums. In 2002, the band released their third album, Pure Cane Sugar. It featured guest appearances by funk percussionist Bernard Purdie and vocalists Lee Fields and Charles Bradley.
Tom Moon of Rolling Stone described the album as "organic, locked-tight music."
Maurice Bottomley of PopMatters said, "Play this at your next party and watch your coolest friends unwind and start to Boogaloo. This is the real thing, undiluted and impossible to dislike."
Dusted Magazine'''s Andy Urban said the album "sounds good, but it operates in a vacuum of sorts, music that is pretty, but fundamentally anachronistic and relevant in aesthetic terms only."
Sugarman, who also formed The Dap-Kings with Gabriel Roth,
was a session musician during much of the late 2000s, playing on albums by Lily Allen, Amy Winehouse, Robbie Williams, Al Green, Nas, Mark Ronson, as well as the Dap-Kings' own recordings led by vocalist Sharon Jones.
"You Don't Know What You Mean (To A Lover Like Me)", a 2004 single by Lee Fields and the Sugarman 3, appeared on the soundtrack to the 2008 comedy-drama film Soul Men.
Discography
Studio albums
1998 - Sugar's Boogaloo (Desco)
2000 - Soul Donkey (Desco)
2002 - Pure Cane Sugar (Daptone Records)
2012 - What the World Needs Now (Daptone Records)
Compilation album
2001 - Sweet Spot'' (Unique Records)
References
External links
The Sugarman 3 at Daptone Records
American funk musical groups
Daptone Records artists
Musical groups from New York City
Sarich is a surname. It may refer to:
Cory Sarich (born 1978), Canadian ice hockey player
Drew Sarich (born 1975), American actor and singer
Janice Sarich (born 1958), Canadian politician
Ralph Sarich (born 1938), Australian engineer and businessman
Vincent Sarich (1934-2012), American anthropologist
Shannon Sarich (born 1987), famed transsexual
Roll On Mississippi is a studio album by American country music artist Charley Pride. It was released in March 1981 via RCA Records and contained ten tracks. It was co-produced by Pride and Jerry Bradley. Roll On Mississippi was Pride's twenty eighth studio album in his career and included two major hits: "You Almost Slipped My Mind" and the title track. The album itself would also reach a peak position on the American country music chart following its release.
Background and content
Charley Pride was able to continue having commercial country music success by adapting his style to a more contemporary country pop. Beginning in the middle 1970s, his music began to reflect this in hits like "She's Just an Old Love Turned Memory," and "Where Do I Put Her Memory." This country pop style continued into the 1980s with albums including Roll On Mississippi. The project was co-produced by Pride himself and his most recent collaborator, Jerry Bradley. The album was recorded at the Music City Music Hall studio, located in Nashville, Tennessee. Most of the recording took place in December 1980. It contained a total of ten tracks. Many of the record's tracks contained string instrumentation and arrangements, such as the songs "He Can Be an Angel" and "Taking the Easy Way Out." In addition, Pride chose songs that had been composed by songwriters he had used for previous albums. This included Ben Peters, John Schweers and Troy Seals.
Release and reception
Roll On Mississippi was released in March 1981 on RCA Records. It would mark Pride's twenty-eighth studio collection. It was originally released as both a vinyl LP and a cassette. It would later be issued in the 2010s in a digital format, that was available to music download and streaming services, including Apple Music. The album spent a total of 17 weeks on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart and peaked at number 17 by May 1981. The album would later receive a rating of three stars from Allmusic. Two singles were included on the project. The first was "You Almost Slipped My Mind," which was issued as a single in September 1980. It spent 18 weeks on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and reached number four by the end of the year. Its second single was the title track, released in February 1981. Spending 13 weeks on the Billboard country chart, it peaked at number seven by the spring of 1981. Both singles would also reach the top ten of the RPM Country Singles chart in Canada.
Track listings
Vinyl and cassette versions
Digital version
Personnel
All credits are adapted from the liner notes of Roll On Mississippi.
Musical and technical personnel
Jerry Bradley – producer
Herb Burnette – art direction
Dan Dea – engineer
Bill Harris – engineer
The Jordanaires – background vocals
Randy Kling – mastering
The Shelly Kurland Strings – strings
The Nashville Edition – background vocals
Charley Pride – lead vocals, producer
Nick Sangiamo – photography
Pinwheel Studios – art direction
Bergen White – arrangement
Chart performance
Release history
References
1981 albums
Albums produced by Jerry Bradley (music executive)
Albums produced by Charley Pride
Charley Pride albums
RCA Records albums
Trans-endocytosis is the biological process where material created in one cell undergoes endocytosis (enters) into another cell. If the material is large enough, this can be observed using an electron microscope. Trans-endocytosis from neurons to glia has been observed using time-lapse microscopy.
Trans-endocytosis also applies to molecules. For example, this process is involved when a part of the protein Notch is cleaved off and undergoes endocytosis into its neighboring cell. Without Notch trans-endocytosis, there would be too many neurons in a developing embryo. Trans-endocytosis is also involved in cell movement when the protein ephrin is bound by its receptor from a neighboring cell.
References
Cellular processes
John M. (Sean) Cadogan is Professor of Physics at the University of New South Wales and a former Canada Research Chair in Advanced Materials.
Using advanced nuclear techniques, he studies the magnetic compounds formed between rare earth elements and transition elements. Materials with magnetic properties have played a central role in the development of modern technology, and are used in many every-day devices. Rare-earth materials promise magnetic properties beyond the capabilities of those used in the past and so are essential to the continued evolution and development of new technologies. They also have the potential to improve energy efficiency in applications ranging from advanced motors to new refrigeration technologies, and to reduce the environmental side effects of current technology.
Cadogan also uses nuclear techniques to explore "soft-magnetic" materials based on iron and other elements, which are found in such applications as the transformer cores used by the electrical power industry
Personal
Cadogan became a Tier 1 Canada Research Chair at the University of Manitoba in July, 2007. He began his formal training in his homeland of Australia, earning his PhD in 1983 from the University of New South Wales. In 1984 he left for Dublin, Ireland, where he was a Postdoctoral Research Fellow in the Department of Pure and Applied Physics at Trinity College, Dublin. He then returned to Australia in 1987 and began his teaching and research career in earnest.
Cadogan has authored over 200 peer-reviewed journal articles, has been awarded peer-reviewed research funding of over $5 million, and was elected to Fellowship of the Australian Institute of Physics in 2001. He is a regular referee of research papers submitted for publication to ten international scientific journals and he has served as an Associate Editor for a special 2-volume edition of the Journal of Magnetism and Magnetic Materials.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of New South Wales faculty
University of Manitoba faculty
Australian physicists
Canada Research Chairs
Fellows of the Australian Institute of Physics
Ellen S. Miller is an American political activist. A proponent of open government, she co-founded the Sunlight Foundation in 2006, serving as the group's executive director until her retirement in 2014. She sits on the board of directors of OpenSecrets, for which she was the founding executive director from 1984 to 1996. In 1996, she founded the Public Campaign. Miller has served as deputy director of the Campaign for America's Future, as a senior fellow at The American Prospect, and as publisher of TomPaine.com.
Prior to her work in the nonprofit sector, Miller held several staff-level positions in the United States government, working for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (1975), Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs (1976–1979), and the Senate Intelligence Committee (1980). Miller was included in Washingtonian Magazine's 100 Tech Titans (2009), Fast Company's The Most Influential Women in Technology (2009), and WIRED Magazine's 15 People The Next President Should Listen To (2008).
Miller is a graduate of Cedar Crest College and George Washington University.
See also
Sunlight Foundation
Campaign for America's Future
Public Campaign
References
External links
sunlightfoundation.com
American bloggers
Living people
Open content activists
Open government activists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Philippine Musical Instruments:
1. Aerophones
Bulungudyong – vertical flute (Pinatubo Ayta).
Palendag – lip-valley flute (Kalinga)
Tongali – nose flute (Kalinga)
Tumpong – bamboo flute
Tulali – flute with 6 holes
Bansik - bamboo flute with three holes of the Negrito people in Zambales
Tambuli - Carabao horn
2. Chordophones
Litguit – a three-stringed bamboo violin of the Aeta people.
Butting – a bow with a single hemp 5 string, plucked with a small stick.
Faglong – a two-stringed, lute-like instrument of the B'laan. Made in 1997
Budlong - bamboo zither
Kolitong - a bamboo zither
Pas-ing - a two-stringed bamboo with a hole in the middle from Apayao people.
Lutes
Bandurria – part of rondalya ensemble, it has a shorter neck and 14-strings compared to its Spanish ancestor.
Kudyapi – a two-stringed boat lute from Mindanao.
Laúd – similar to the bandurria, it is ultimately of Spanish origin. Also part of a rondalya ensemble.
Octavina – part of a rondalya ensemble, it is of ultimately Spanish origin.
3. Membranophones
Agung a tamlang – bamboo (slit drum)
Dabakan – goblet drum (Maranao)
Gandang – double-headed barrel drum (Maranao)
Libbit – conical drum (Ifugao)
Sulibao – conical drum (Ibaloi)
Gambal - war drums
4. Idiophones
Agung – large gong suspended from an ornate frame
Bungkaka – bamboo buzzer
Gandingan – set of four large hanging knobbed gongs
Kagul – scraper
Kulintang – set of eight tuned gongs placed horizontally in an ornate frame, tuned pentatonic scale|pentatonically.
Gabbang – bamboo xylophone (Yakan, Batak, B'laan, Sama-Bajau, Tausūg)
Luntang – wooden beams hanging from a frame (Maguindanaon)
Kulintang a tiniok – set of eight, tuned knobbed metal plates strung on a wooden frame (Maguindanaon)
Babandil- small gong
Saronay – eight tuned knobbed metal plates strung over a wooden frame (Maranao).
Tongatong - stamping tubes of the Kalinga people
Philippine musical instruments
Lists of musical instruments
Musical instruments
Assam Institute of Management was established in 1988 by the Government of Assam at Guwahati to promote professional management in North East India. It is run as a Government of Assam Society, the chief Secretary of the State being the chairperson of the Governing Body.
History
At the special request of the then Chief Minister of Assam, late Sri Hiteswar Saikia, the AICTE accorded approval to the Programme. Despite having infrastructural deficiencies, the AICTE had been according approval to the Programme mainly because of the rich academic content and faculty resource. With the shifting of the Institute to its permanent campus in January 2015, the Institute has been able to meet most of the infrastructural requirements.
Academics
The Institute has been conducting Post Graduate Diploma in Management ( PGDM) Programme since 1994 along with the conduct of the training programmes, research projects and consultancy assignments. Recently from the batch 2018–20, the PGDM Programme has been upgraded to a full-fledged MBA Degree which is affiliated to Assam Science and Technology University (ASTU).
The MBA Programme has been structured on trimester pattern and was reviewed at the national level by CRISIL (a widely reputed international level rating agency). As suggested by the Governing Body of the Institute, the PGDM Programme structure was reviewed by two eminent Professors of IIM Calcutta in 2008. The Programme is regularly reviewed every year in the Academic Council Meetings.
Its foundation lectures in which distinguished personalities are invited to deliver the lecture. In the past, persons like T. Scarlett Epstein from the University of Sussex, Dr. Subir Choudhuri from IIM, Kolkata, Professor C Rangarajan, former Governor of RBI among others have delivered the foundation lecture of AIM.
AIM Quest
AIM Quest, is the Annual B-School fest, organized by Assam Institute of Management. The fest strives to sensitise on important social issues and corporate social responsibility and creation of socially meaningful actions that leads to benefits beyond their business interests.
The various events are:
Yojana- a business plan contest.
Quizzicals - a quiz contest.
Ranbhumi – a business debate contest
Ad Zap – an advertising contest
Notification
As per the recent AICTE notification, all PGDM programs can be converted to MBA programs. Assam Institute of Management has decided to change the nomenclature of all our PGDM programs to MBA programs from 2018 onwards.
References
External links
Business schools in Assam
State agencies of Assam
Universities and colleges in Guwahati
All India Council for Technical Education
Educational institutions established in 1988
1988 establishments in Assam
Colleges in Assam
Kokhav Nolad 7 is season 7 of an Israeli reality television competition Kokhav Nolad aimed at finding new solo singing talent. It debuted on May 24, 2009, and was broadcast twice a week, ending August 30, 2009.
An addition to the new season, of the show, was transsexual singer and former Eurovision Song Contest winner Dana International, who joined the show as a judge, fifth in the panel that includes composer Svika Pik, singer Margalit Tsanani, director and choreographer Tsedi Tsarfati, plus writer and music critic Gal Uchovsky. The show's host as usual was comedian Zvika Hadar.
Auditions were held in Israel in Tel Aviv, Beersheba, and Haifa. While in Kokhav Nolad 6, auditions were also held in India; this time the judges went to find singers in the Americas. The finale was broadcast live from Eilat.
The average age of the seventh season was remarkably low, because many of the contestants had not finished high school when the show aired.
Although the show is mostly dedicated to Israeli and Hebrew music, this year the participants were allowed to sing some songs in Arabic, English, Russian and Spanish.
On August 23, the finalists were announced to be Mei Finegold, Vladi Blayberg and Roni Dalumi. Dalumi won the competition with 61% of the votes.
Participants
* – asterisk (*) means eliminated.
The Episodes and songs performed
Below are the episodes.
First Solo Week
Performances were held on June 28 and June 29, live from Herzliya TV studios, the same venue since the fourth season. 11 participants performed on each day. Judges ranking was 25% of the final result.
Sunday, June 28th
Paula aVlstein was awarded the best performance of the night. Yarden Geraffi and Aya Zehavi Fayglin were eliminated.
Monday, June 29th
Mei Finegold was awarded the best performance of the night. Ido Geraffi and Adi Cohen were eliminated, but won "Hatsilu, Ani Kokhav Nolad!" (see below) and could come back to the show. Finegold was awarded the best weekly performance.
Second Solo Week
Performances were held on July 5 and July 6 from Herzliya TV studios. 9 participants performed each day. Judges ranking was 25% of the final result.
Sunday, July 5th
Hovi Sekulets was awarded the best performance of the night. During the show, Israel Bar-On, winner of Kokhav Nolad 6, performed. Tomer Yeshayahu was eliminated.
Monday, July 6th
Paula Valstein was awarded the best performance of the night for the second week in a row. During the show, Harel Skaat, the runner-up of the 2nd season, performed. Sagi Ossi was eliminated. Hovi was awarded the best weekly performance.
Third Week
July 12 and July 13. Sunday was a duet evening. Judges' ranking of the duets was 40% of the result, after which 6 pairs qualified to Monday's show, and 4 contestants performing "rescue solos", with 25% judges ranking of the final result. One of the four was eliminated.
The pairs for Sunday show were as such:
Hovi & Elchai Refoua and Omer & Moran awarded the best performance of the night and therefore they are automatically qualified for next week's show. Bottom 2 were Mei Feingold, Daniel Tavori, Oshri Elmorish and Amor Amosi. All 4 sang rescue solos. These were:
Amor Amosi was eliminated from the show.
Monday, July 13th
The second night was dedicated to the Israeli writer, lyricist and poet Ehud Manor who died just a few years ago. This night all participants performed with songs Manor was partner in. Out of 11 performances, two participants would be eliminated this show. Judges ranking was 25% of the final result.
Mazal Picado and Oshri Elmorish were eliminated.
Fourth Week
Were held on July 19 and July 20. The first night was an unthemed duets night, while the bottom two would go up in the end to do 'rescue solos' where the audience would choose which 1 of the 4 will leave the show. As there are 13 participants in the show, a trio was selected to perform. Judges ranking of the duets was 40% and that of the rescue solos was 25% of the final result.
Sunday, July 19th
The pairs for Sunday show were as such:
Vladi & Moran and Omer, Hovi & Re'em, Mei & Roni and Elchai & Liran qualified for Monday's show. Bottom 2 were Daniel, Or, Paula and Daniel. All 4 sang rescue solos. These were:
Or Kollenberg was eliminated from the show.
During the show Gidi Gov performed.
Monday, July 20th
Was an 1980s-themed special. During the show the Pet Shop Boys perform, a day after they landed in Israel. Judges ranking was 25% of the final result. 12 performances were held, in the following order:
Elchai Refoua was eliminated from the show.
Fifth Week
Was held on July 26 and July 27. The first week was where all participants performed every night. The first night was an unthemed duets night, while the bottom two went to go up in the end to do 'rescue solos' where the audience would choose which 1 of the 4 will leave the show. As there are 11 participants in the show, a trio was selected to perform. Judges ranking of the duets was 40% and that of the rescue solos was 25% of the final result.
Sunday, July 26th
The pairs for Sunday show were as such:
Vladi & Omer, Mei & Hovi and Moran & Re'em qualified for Monday's show. Bottom 2 were Daniel Tavori, Daniel Barzilay, Liran, Paula and Roni. All 5 sang rescue solos. These were:
Daniel Barzilay was eliminated from the show.
During the show performed Boaz Mauda, winner of the 5th season who released a new album.
Monday, July 27th
Was an Idan Raichel special. During the show his project performed. Judges ranking was 25% of the final result. 10 performances were held, in the following order:
Hovi Sekulets was eliminated from the show.
Sixth Week
Was held on August 2 and August 3. The first week was where all participants performed every night. The first night's theme was Songs of Shlomi Shabat featuring Shlomi singing with the contestants, while the second night featured songs of Kdam Eurovisions, Israel's traditional show for choosing a Eurovision song. Judges ranking was 25% of the final result.
Sunday, August 2nd
At the end of the night, Paula Valstein was eliminated.
Monday, August 3rd
Reem Cohen was eliminated.
Seventh Week
Was held on August 9 and August 10. This week Reem Cohen and Hovi Sekuletz who were voted off by the audience, were chosen by the audience to re-enter the competition. The first night's theme was Songs of Gidi Gov, while the second night was Songs of the Yehudim. Judges ranking was 25% of the final result.
Sunday, August 9th
At the end of the night, Daniel Tavori was eliminated.
Sunday, August 10th
At the end of the night, Hovi Sekulets was eliminated. Mei was awarded the best weekly performance.
Eighth Week
The 8th week episodes were held on August 16 and August 17. The first night was regular duet night, while the second night featured songs of Aviv Geffen and performances with him and his ensemble. Judges ranking of the duets was 40%, and that of the solo rescues was 25% of the final result.
Sunday, August 16th
On that evening judge Dana International assigned the nickname "Tifrak'hat HaDaloomi" (The Inflorescence of The Daloomi) to participant Roni Dalumi, a nickname which became a common reference on the show and in the media to Dalumi. Vladi & Liran qualified for Monday's show. Bottom 4 were Roni, Moran, Re'em and Mey. All sang rescue solos. These were:
Re'em Cohen was eliminated.
Monday, August 17th
Moran Mazuz was eliminated. Mei Finedolg was awarded the best weekly performance, but chose to give her award (a video clip filmed by cellular cameras) to her friend and competitor Roni Dalumi. After Moran was eliminated, Mei gave her the award instead.
Semi Final
Sunday, August 23rd
At the semi-final, Liran Danino, Roni Dalumi, Mei Finegold and Vladi Blayberg competed with two numbers each: an up-tempo song, and a quiet song. Judges ranking was 25% of the final result.
In one of the most shocking twists in the history of Kokhav Nolad, the judges' favorite Liran Danino was voted off by the audience, despite being ranked first by the judges. Roni Dalumi who was ranked last by the judges, got first in the audience voting and qualified to the final in Eilat, along with Vladi Blayberg and Mei Finegold.
The Final
Sunday, August 30th
The 7th final of the show included two separate rounds of solo performances. After the first round, someone was to be voted off. The remaining two competed in a "head-to-head" combat. The judges rank was 10% of the final result after the first round.
First round performances:
After the first round of performances judges' and media favorite Mei Finegold was voted off by the audience to the obvious dismay and shock of the judges who ranked her first, while competitor Roni Dalumi who was ranked last again by the judges qualified to the second round along with Vladi Blayberg. All polls before the finale showed Mei leading the voting. The difference between the third place (Finegold) and the second (Blayberg) was 1%. The difference between the second place and the first place (Daloomi) was 3% - the closest voting ever in a finale of the show. Finegold was given a chance to perform what was to be her second number (in case she qualified to the second round), an original song which she co-wrote with her own ensemble, as a consolation reward.
Second round performances:
After the second round of performances Daloomi was ranked first by three of the judges, getting her first in the judges ranking for the first and only time during the season, although at this point their ranking had no impact on the final result. Moments later it was announced that the shy girl from the Negev had won the competition with 61% of the audience votes, becoming the youngest winner (being only 17 at the time) and the first female to win the show since first season's winner Ninet Tayeb. More than 900,000 votes were cast during the finale.
The finale ended with host Tsvika Hadar announcing emotionally that this time "a star was truly born" referring to the inexperienced teen who surprisingly defeated maturer, more experienced and professional singers who competed this year and were favored by the judges. This narrative led the media to refer to her victory as a "Cinderella Story". At a press conference held minutes after her victory when asked about her future plans as newly born star, the humble teen replied she still has to study for her final math exam, thus stabilizing her reputation as she was immediately crowned "Israel's Sweetheart" by the media.
Young Participant / Old Participant
Participant Paula Valstein who at her audition claimed she was 28 years old turned out to be 32, after her year book picture was found and published by bloggers. Soon after, her age was inexplicably erased from her bio page in the show's website.
Six weeks into the competition, an 18-year-old blogger published in his blog that participant Omer Adam, who became a clear favorite of a major cut of the audience, had lied about his age and is actually 15 years old. The competition rules state that a person must be at least 16 years old, to audition or take part in the competition. If Omer had not lied about his age, he would not have been a part of the season. The blogger found out about Omer's age using a software containing personal information of all Israeli citizens that leaked onto the web from The Ministry of Interior. Days later the production released a statement telling that Omer dropped out of the competition after admitting to giving false information to the production.
Hatsilu, Ani Kokhav Nolad!
Every Thursday, the weekly participants who received the lowest number of votes on the first two nights would have a chance to renter to competition, with the new Channel 24 program "Help! I was born a star" hosted by season 5 runner-up, Marina Maximillian Blumin. Although only one person was supposed to re-enter the competition, after participant Omer Adam had to drop out, two came back - Hovi "Star" Sekulets and Re'em Cohen.
"Ratsiti Lashir"
As from the 3rd season, each edition of Kokhav Nolad is accompanied by a main theme, sung by last season's finalist. For example, the 3rd season theme was "Halomot Mitgashmim" ("Dreams do come true"), composed by Svika Pik and performed by the 3 finalists of Kokhav Nolad 2 (Harel Moyal, Harel Skaat & Adi Cohen), Kokhav Nolad 4 had "Kol Kakh Harbe Shirim" ("So Many Songs"), composed by Yoni Bloch and performed by the 3rd season winner and so on...
For Kokhav Nolad 7, Israeli musician & singer Dudu Tassa made a theme named "Ratsiti Lashir" - simply translated as "I Wanted to Sing". The final versions came up with 3 solo versions for the Kokhav Nolad 6 finalists: winner Israel Bar-On, runner-up Lee Biran and Carmel Eckman, who took third place. Each lucky person, to be auditioned, had to know the song by heart, in case he or she would be asked to sing it by the judges.
Live shows
See also
American Idol
Kokhav Nolad
References
Kokhav Nolad seasons
2009 in Israel
2009 in music
Halopredone is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Bromoarenes
Diketones
Organofluorides
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Triols
A satellite dispenser is a space tug usually released from the upper stage (sometimes called kick stage) of a rocket and designed to fly small secondary payloads to their desired location before deploying them.
Project West Ford launched 480,000,000 needles in space in 1961 and 1963 using a dispenser.
The company Moog Inc. launched a satellite dispenser on a Falcon 9 rocket on 14 July 2014, placing 6 Orbcomm satellites in orbit.
SHERPA is a satellite dispenser first launched on 3 December 2018 on a rideshare mission called SSO-A: SmallSat Express. The two SHERPA dispensers placed a number of 64 satellites, after separating from the Falcon 9 Block 5 rocket once it entered a polar Sun-synchronous orbit around 575 kilometers above Earth.
Canisterized Satellite Dispenser is a satellite dispenser created by Planetary Systems Corp, launched on 17 April 2019 with the Cygnus NG-11 mission.
ION CubeSat Carrier is a satellite dispenser launched on 3 September 2020 on a Vega rocket, mission Vega flight VV16, and carried 12 SuperDove satellites from Planet Labs.
The company Launcher is developing an orbital transfer vehicle named Orbiter which will be able to carry up to 90U of cubesats or other smallsats.
See also
KickSat
Space tug
Notes
15 Years After is a box set by the musical project Enigma. It was released by Virgin Germany on 9 December 2005. The box set contains eight discs, five of them original studio albums created from 1990 to 2003, two DVDs, and a bonus CD of Enigma's songs covered by Rollo Armstrong.
As the title suggests, the box set celebrates the fifteen years since the release of Enigma's first single, "Sadeness (Part I)". The album cover was taken from Lady with an Ermine, a 1490 painting by Leonardo da Vinci. The box set packaging and photography was done by Dirk Rudolph, while artwork direction and original designs were created by Johann Zambryski, a long-time designer of Enigma artworks.
Originally, the box set was sold at €128, and this raised a stir with fans of the project, since the discs were not remastered, unlike the compilation album Love Sensuality Devotion: The Greatest Hits but were instead fitted with Copy Control. A new single, "Hello and Welcome" (from the unreleased sixth album A Posteriori) and The Dusted Variations disc also received mixed responses from the fans, who questioned the release of the album.
Additionally, the music video for "Out from the Deep", which was dropped from to Remember the Future DVD without an apparent reason, was still absent in this re-release, and despite the box set being 12-inch vinyl-sized, there was little information about the history of the project within the booklet, apart from credits and a press release inside.
Later on, the price of the box set dropped to €92.99 and on 30 November 2005, the producer and creator of Enigma, Michael Cretu personally visited the EMI factory in Uden, Netherlands to sign a thousand copies of the box set. The thousand signed copies had Cretu's initials ("MC") signed with a silver marker. While signed copies of Enigma's albums are extremely rare, the autographed version of the box set was still available for purchase at Amazon.de half a year after its release. Also within the box set was a code that enabled owners to download the music videos for "Voyageur" and "Boum-Boum" by typing it in a special section within Enigma's official website.
Contents
Albums
MCMXC a.D. (1990)
The Cross of Changes (1993)
Le Roi Est Mort, Vive Le Roi! (1996)
The Screen Behind the Mirror (2000)
Voyageur (2003)
Bonus CD
"Hello and Welcome" and The Dusted Variations
DVDs
Remember the Future (2001)
MCMXC a.D.: The Complete Video Album (2003)
References
External links
Enigma official website
2005 compilation albums
Enigma (German band) compilation albums
Virgin Schallplatten compilation albums
Virgin Schallplatten video albums
2005 video albums
Enigma (German band) video albums
Pre-editing is the process whereby a human prepares a document before applying machine translation. The main goal of pre-editing is to reduce the post-editing workload by adapting the source document to improve the raw output of the machine translation.
Pre-editing could be also valuable for human translation projects since it can increase the application of the translation memory.
In general, pre-editing is worth to apply when there are more than three target languages. In this case, pre-editing should facilitate the process of machine translation by spell and grammar checking, avoiding complex or ambiguous syntactic structure, and verifying term consistency. However, it is also applicable to poorly-converted files. Linguistic pre-editing is more important than pre-editing of the format since errors can affect machine translation quality.
References
Translation
Walsh Cup may refer to:
The Walsh Cup (hurling), a competition in Ireland
The Walsh Cup (rowing), a contest in the United States
WPRX (1120 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Bristol, Connecticut. The station is owned by Nievezquez Productions, Inc. It airs a tropical music format.
WPRX is the first wholly owned Puerto Rican station in the United States and airs music from the Caribbean, Central America, South America and Spain, as well as news direct from Puerto Rico. The station features nearly 100 percent local programming.
In 1977, the station, then WBIS, was purchased by David Rodgers, who owned stations in Salinas, California. Rodgers purchased the station from Robert Baker who had previously been the general sales manager at KDKA-TV in Pittsburgh. Rogers hired John Hiatt, a broadcaster from El Paso, Texas to run the radio station, and Rodgers owned the station for nearly a decade before selling the property. At that time, WBIS programmed a soft rock format and was located on 1440 kHz and was on the air only during the day.
In 1993 the station was assigned the call letters WPRX by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). In September 2010, the FCC canceled WPRX's license because its license had expired without renewal on April 1, 2006; after filing a renewal application, the station was fined $7,000 in August 2011. WPRX's license was again canceled on June 7, 2017, for not paying debts it owed to the FCC, which prevented the renewal of the station's license; the license was reinstated on November 15, 2017. Its license was cancelled again on April 4, 2022, for failing to file a license renewal application; a month later, the WPRX license was restored after the application was filed.
References
External links
FCC History Cards for WPRX (covering 1947-1978 as WBIS)
PRX
Latin rhythmic radio stations
PRX
Radio stations established in 1948
1948 establishments in Connecticut
is a train station in Fuchū, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Clover Leaf Seafoods Company is the leading marketer of canned seafood in Canada. Headquartered in Markham, Ontario, it sells canned, shelf-stable, and frozen goods under the Clover Leaf and Brunswick brands. The company's products include tuna, salmon, oysters, mussels, clams, shrimp, crab, lobster and sardines. Clover Leaf Seafoods, a wholly owned subsidiary of Connors Bros., L.P., markets Bumble Bee (USA) Seafoods.
The Clover Leaf brand has been used to market canned seafood products in Canada since 1889 when it was introduced by the Anglo-American Packing Company.
History
Clover Leaf Seafoods traces its roots back to 1871 when Alexander Ewen and three partners founded Loggie & Company, the first commercial salmon cannery in British Columbia, Canada. The cannery was located on the south shore of the Fraser River opposite New Westminster on a site that's now part of North Delta (founded as Annieville).
In 1902, Loggie & Company merged with some of its local competitors to form the British Columbia Packers' Association, which was chartered as a New Jersey-based entity to take advantage of the state's favourable trust laws. Ewen emerged as the company's largest shareholder and first president.
In 1908, a year after Ewen's death at age 74, the company purchased the Clover Leaf brand and began selling its canned salmon under the newly acquired trademark. Clover Leaf had been introduced in Canada in 1889 by the Anglo-American Packing Company to sell canned mackerel, among other products.
In 1928, the British Columbia Packers' Association merged with Gosse Packing Company Ltd. and was federally incorporated in Canada as British Columbia Packers Limited (BC Packers). The consolidated entity consisted of 44 canneries, three cold storage facilities, five plants and shipyards, two salteries and more than 100 fishing boats, packers and coastal tenders.
Up until 1945, BC Packer's fishery operations were focused on the British Columbia Coast. Post World War II, the company expanded rapidly, opening new Canadian facilities in Ontario and Atlantic Canada and foreign facilities in coastal areas of the United States, Mexico and Southeast Asia.
In 1962, George Weston Limited acquired BC Packers and its Clover Leaf brand. Five years later, in 1967, it also acquired Connors Bros., makers of Brunswick Sardines and Seafood Snacks.
The end of the 20th century and the first decade of the new millennium brought a number of ownership changes for Clover Leaf. In 1998, George Weston sold the Clover Leaf brand and associated trademarks to International Home Foods, which established Clover Leaf Seafoods as a separate legal entity. Shortly thereafter, International Home Foods rolled Clover Leaf into its U.S. canned seafood division, Bumble Bee.
Subsequently, in 2001, ConAgra purchased International Home Foods, acquiring the Clover Leaf/Bumble Bee seafood division as part of the transaction. In 2003, ConAgra sold the division to a senior management group. A year later, Clover Leaf/Bumble Bee merged with Connors Bros. to create Connors Bros. Income Fund, North America's largest branded-seafood company.
In 2008, Connors Bros. was acquired by U.S. private equity firm Centre Partners. In 2010, Centre Partners sold Connors Bros. to British private-equity firm Lion Capital LLP.
See also
List of seafood companies
References
Companies based in Markham, Ontario
Private equity portfolio companies
Seafood companies of Canada
Food product brands
Canned food
Fish processing companies
Georgi Adamia (; born 10 March 1981) is a former Georgian football forward.
In 2010, he became most capped foreign player in Azerbaijan Premier League.
Career
Club
WIT Georgia
Georgi Adamia started his career in his home country Georgia, in the club FC WIT Georgia. In 2004, the club won the Umaglesi Liga championship.
Neftchi Baku
After this, Adamia was noticed by Azerbaijan champions Neftchi Baku and he was bought by the club. With Neftchi, Adamia won the Azerbaijan Premier League Championship once, and was a runner-up once. He also was a runner-up of the CIS Cup in 2005, and the top goalscorer of that competition. In 2006, he helped his side win the CIS Cup.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Club
WIT Georgia
Umaglesi Liga (1): 2004
Neftchi Baku
Azerbaijan Premier League (1): 2005
CIS Cup (1): 2006
Individual
CIS Cup top goalscorer: 2005
Azerbaijan Premier League top goalscorer: 2010-11
References
External links
Profile on Official Neftchi website
Footballers from Georgia (country)
Living people
1981 births
Azerbaijan Premier League players
Erovnuli Liga players
FC WIT Georgia players
FC Baku players
Qarabağ FK players
Expatriate footballers from Georgia (country)
Expatriate sportspeople from Georgia (country) in Azerbaijan
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
FC Zestafoni players
FC Sioni Bolnisi players
Georgia (country) under-21 international footballers
Association football forwards
Neftçi PFK players
Francis Llewellyn Harrison, better known as "Frank Harrison" or "Frank Ll. Harrison" (29 September 1905 – 29 December 1987) was one of the leading musicologists of his time and a pioneering ethnomusicologist. Initially trained as an organist and composer, he turned to musicology in the early 1950s, first specialising in English and Irish music of the Middle Ages and increasingly turning to ethnomusicological subjects in the course of his career. His Music in Medieval Britain (1958) is still a standard work on the subject, and Time, Place and Music (1973) is a key textbook on ethnomusicology.
Education and early musical career
Born in Dublin, Ireland, Harrison was the second son of Alfred Francis Harrison and Florence May, née Nash. The Welsh origin of his second given name, "Llewellyn", derives from his maternal grandmother, a Williams from Anglesey. He became a chorister at St Patrick's Cathedral in 1912 and was educated at the cathedral grammar school (until 1920) and at Mountjoy School (1920–1922). A competent organist, he was a deputy organist at St Patrick's from 1925 to 1928. In 1920, he also began musical studies at the Royal Irish Academy of Music, where he studied with John F. Larchet (composition), George Hewson (organ) and Michele Esposito (piano). In 1926, he graduated Bachelor of Music at Trinity College Dublin and was awarded a doctorate (MusD) in 1929 for a musical setting of Psalm 19. He then worked in Kilkenny for one year, serving as organist at St Canice's Cathedral and music teacher at Kilkenny College.
In 1930, Harrison emigrated to Canada to become organist at Westminster Presbyterian Church in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia. In 1933, he studied briefly with Marcel Dupré in France, but returned to Canada in 1934 to become organist at Knox Presbyterian Church in Ottawa. In 1935, he took a position as organist and choirmaster at St. George's Cathedral in Kingston, Ontario, as well as taking up the newly created post of "resident musician" at Queen's University. His duties included "giving lectures, running a choir and an orchestra, and conducting concerts himself. His course in the history and appreciation of music was the first music course to be given for full credit at Queen's." He resigned from St. George's in 1941 to become assistant professor of music at Queen's in 1942. During his years in Canada he still pursued the idea of remaining a performing musician and composer, winning three national composition competitions: for Winter's Poem (1931), Baroque Suite (1943) and Night Hymns on Lake Nipigon (1945).
On a year's leave of absence from Queen's Harrison studied composition with Paul Hindemith at Yale University, also taking courses in musicology with Leo Schrade. In 1946, he took up a position at Colgate University in Hamilton, New York, and then moved on to Washington University in St. Louis, as head of the new Department of Music (1947–1950).
Musicological career
In 1951, Harrison took the degrees of Master of Arts (M.A.) and Doctor of Music (DMus) at Jesus College, Oxford, and became lecturer (1952), senior lecturer (1956), and reader in the history of music (1962–70) there. In 1965, he was elected Fellow the British Academy and Senior Research Fellow at Oxford. From 1970 to 1980, Harrison was Professor of Ethnomusicology at the University of Amsterdam, the Netherlands, retiring to part-time teaching in 1976.
He also held Visiting Professorships in musicology at Yale University (1958–9), Princeton University (spring 1961 and 1968–9), and Dartmouth College (winter 1968 and spring 1972). He also briefly returned to Queen's University at Kingston as Queen's Quest Visiting Professor in the fall of 1980 and was Visiting Andrew W. Mellon Professor of Music at the University of Pittsburgh for the calendar year 1981.
Harrison's honorary titles also included Doctor of Laws at Queen's University, Kingston (1974), Corresponding Member of the American Musicological Society (1981), and Vice President and Chairman of the Plainsong and Medieval Music Society (1985). At Queen's also, the new Harrison-LeCaine Hall (1974) was partly named in his honour.
Harrison was married twice: with his first wife Nora he had two daughters. In 1965, he married the noted organologist Joan Rimmer, with whom he collaborated in ethnomusicological fieldwork and its scholarly documentation in a number of common publications.
Legacy
In 1989, Harry White appreciated Harrison as "an Irish musicologist of international standing and of seminal influence, whose scholarly achievement, astonishingly, encompassed virtually the complete scope of the discipline which he espoused." David F. L. Chadd wrote of him "He was above all things an explorer, tirelessly curious and boyishly delighted in the pursuit of knowledge, experience and ideas, and totally heedless of artificially imposed constraints and boundaries."
Since 2004, the Society for Musicology in Ireland (SMI) awards a bi-annual Harrison Medal in his honour to distinguished international musicologists.
Compositions
(all unpublished)
Psalm 19 (1929) for choir and orchestra
Winter's Poem (1931) for organ
Concertino (1932) for piano and orchestra
Ode of Remembrance (1940) for choir
Baroque Suite (1943) for orchestra
Night Hymns on Lake Nipigon (c1944) for solo voice, chorus and orchestra
Sonata for Clarinet and Piano (1946)
Three Pieces for Clarinet and Piano (before 1948)
Two Preludes (before 1948) for piano
Homage to Spring (c.1950) for soprano and piano
other works for organ and piano
Music editions
The Eton Choirbook (Musica Britannica, volumes 10–12) (London, 1956–61; second edition 1969–73).
John Sheppard: Sechs Responsorien zu 4 und 6 Stimmen (Das Chorwerk, vol. 84) (Wolfenbüttel, 1960).
William Mundy: Latin Antiphons and Psalms (Early English Church Music, vol. 2) (London, 1963).
Motets of French Provenance (Polyphonic Music of the Fourteenth Century, vol. 5) (Monaco, 1968).
Now Make We Merthë: Medieval and Renaissance Carols (London, 1968).
(with E. J. Dobson) Medieval English Songs (London, 1979).
Motets of English Provenance (Polyphonic Music of the Fourteenth Century, vol. 15 (Monaco, 1980).
(with Roger Wibberly) Manuscripts of 14th-Century English Polyphony: A Selection of Facsimile (Early English Church Music, vol. 26) (London, 1981).
(with E. H. Sanders & P. M. Lefferts) English Music for Mass and Offices & Music for Other Ceremonies (Polyphonic Music of the Fourteenth Century, vols 16–17) (Monaco, 1983–6).
Musicorum collegio: 14th-Century Musicians' Motets (Monaco, 1986).
Writings
Books
Music in Medieval Britain (London, 1958; second edition 1963; reprinted 1967, 1980).
(with Jack A. Westrup) Collins Music Encyclopedia (London, 1959, second edition 1976).
(with Mantle Hood & Claude V. Palisca) Musicology (Englewood Cliffs, NJ, 1963).
(with Joan Rimmer) European Musical Instruments (London, 1964).
Time, Place and Music: An Anthology of Ethnomusicological Observation c1550 to c1800 (Amsterdam, 1973).
Irish Traditional Music: Fossil or Resource? (Ó Riada Memorial Lecture 3) (Cork, 1988).
Articles
"The Eton College Choirbook", in: International Musicological Society Congress Report 5: Utrecht 1952, pp. 224–232.
"An English 'Caput'", Music & Letters vol. 33 (1952) no. 3, pp. 203–214.
"The Eton Choirbook: Its Background and Contents", in: Annales musicologiques vol. 1 (1953), pp. 151–175.
"Music for the Sarum Rite: MS 1236 in the Pepys Library, Magdalene College Cambridge", in: Annales musicologiques vol. 6 (1958–63), pp. 99–144.
"Rota and Rondellus in English Medieval Music", in: Proceedings of the Royal Musical Association vol. 86 (1959–60), pp. 98–107.
"English Church Music in the Fourteenth Century", "English Polyphony (c1470–1540)", in: New Oxford History of Music vol. 3: Ars Nova and the Renaissance, 1300–1540, ed. Anselm Hughes & Gerald Abraham (London, 1960), pp. 82–106 & 303–348.
"Faburden in Practice", in: Musica Disciplina vol. 16 (1962), pp. 11–34.
"Benedicamus, Conductus, Carol: A Newly-Discovered Source", in: Acta musicologica vol. 37 (1965), pp. 35–48.
"Tradition and Innovation in Instrumental Usage 1100–1450", in: Jan LaRue (ed.), Aspects of Medieval and Renaissance Music: A Birthday Offering to Gustave Reese (New York, 1966), pp. 319–335.
"Ars Nova in England: A New Source", in: Musica Disciplina vol. 21 (1967), pp. 67–85.
"Polyphony in Medieval Ireland", in: Martin Ruhnke (ed.), Festschrift Bruno Stäblein (Kassel, 1967), pp. 74–78.
"Church Music in England", in: Gerald Abraham (ed.), New Oxford History of Music, vol. 4: The Age of Humanism, 1540–1630 (London, 1968), pp. 465–519.
(with Joan Rimmer) "Spanish Elements in the Music of Two Maya Groups in Chiapas", in: UCLA Selected Reports in Ethnomusicology, vol. 1 (1968) no. 2, pp. 1–44.
"The Repertory of an English Parish Church in the Early Sixteenth Century", in: Jozef Robijns (ed.), Renaissance-muziek 1400–1600: Donum natalicium René Bernard Lenaerts (Leuven, 1969), pp. 143–147.
"Notes on the Music in the Shrewsbury Liturgical Plays", appendix to Norman Davis (ed.): Non-Cycle Plays and Fragments (London, 1970), pp. 124–133.
"Music and Cult: The Functions of Music in Social and Religious Systems", in: Barry S. Brook, Edward O. D. Downes & Sherman van Solkema (eds), Perspectives in Musicology (New York, 1972), pp. 307–334.
(with Joan Rimmer) "A Villancico Manuscript in Ecuador: Musical Acculturation in a Tri-Ethnic Society", Hans Heinrich Eggebrecht & Max Lütolf (eds), Studien zur Tradition in der Musik: Kurt von Fischer zum 60. Geburtstag (Munich, 1973), pp. 101–119.
"Towards a Chronology of Celtic Folk Instruments", in: Studia Instrumentorum Musicae Popularis, vol. 4 (Stockholm, 1976), pp. 98–100.
"Polyphonic Music for a Chapel of Edward III", in: Music & Letters, vol. 59 (1978) no. 4, pp. 420–428.
"Tradition and Acculturation: A View of Some Musical Processes", in: Jerald C. Graue (ed.), Essays on Music for Charles Warren Fox (Rochester, NY, 1979), pp. 114–125.
"Faburden Compositions in Early Tudor Organ Music", in: Albert Dunning (ed.), Visitatio organorum: Feestbundel voor Maarten Albert Vente (Buren, 1980), pp. 287–330.
"Two Liturgical Manuscripts of Dutch Origin in the Bodleian Library, Oxford" and "Music for the Ordinary of the Mass in Late Medieval Netherlands", in: Tijdschrift van de Vereniging voor Nederlandse muziekgeschiedenis, vol. 32 (1982) no. 1–2, pp. 76–95.
"Two Keyboard Intabulations of the Late 14th Century on a Manuscript Leaf Now in the Netherlands", in: Tijdschrift van de Vereniging voor Nederlandse muziekgeschiedenis, vol. 34 (1984) no. 2, pp. 97–108.
"Observation, Elucidation, Utilisation: Western Attitudes to Eastern Musics c1600–c1830", in: Malcolm H. Brown & Roland John Wiley (eds), Slavonic and Western Music: Essays for Gerald Abraham (Ann Arbor & Oxford, 1985), pp. 5–32.
"Music, Poetry and Polity in the Age of Swift", in: Eighteenth-Century Ireland, vol. 1 (1986), pp. 37–64.
"Charles Coffey and Swift's Description of an Irish Feast", in: Swift Studies, vol. 1 (1986), pp. 32–38.
"La liturgie et sa musique à la Cathédrale d'Elme au XIVme siècle", in: Miscellània litúrgica catalona, vol. 4 (1990), pp. 185–196.
"The Musical Impact of Exploration and Cultural Encounter", in: Carol E. Robertson (ed.), Musical Repercussions of 1492: Encounters in Text and Performance (Washington, 1992), pp. 171–184.
"Music at Oxford before 1500", in: J. I. Catto & Ralph Evans (eds), The History of the University of Oxford, vol. 2: Late Medieval Oxford (Oxford, 1992), pp. 347–372.
"Plainsong into Polyphony: Repertoires and Structures c1270–1400", in: Susan Rankin & David Hiley (eds), Music in the Medieval English Liturgy: Plainsong & Mediaeval Music Society Centennial Essays (Oxford, 1993), pp. 303–353.
Bibliography
John Caldwell: "Frank Llewelyn Harrison (1905–1987)", in: Early Music vol. 16 (1988) no. 2, pp. 317–318.
David F. L. Chadd: "Francis Llewellyn Harrison, 1905–1987", in: Proceedings of the British Academy, vol. 75 (1989), p. 361–380.
Harry White: "Frank Llewelyn Harrison and the Development of Postwar Musicological Thought", in: Hermathena, vol. 146 (1989), pp. 39–47.
Axel Klein: Die Musik Irlands im 20. Jahrhundert (Hildesheim, 1996).
Harry White: "Francis (Frank) Llewelyn Harrison", in: The Blackwell Companion to Modern Irish Culture, ed. McCormack (Oxford, 1999).
Axel Klein: "Harrison, Frank Llewellyn (1905–1987)", in: Ireland and the Americas: Culture, Politics and History, vol. 2, ed. Byrne, Coleman & King (Santa Barbara, CA, 2008), pp. 401–402.
Robin Elliott: "Harrison, Frank [Francis] Llewellyn", in: The Encyclopaedia of Music in Ireland, ed. Harry White & Barra Boydell (Dublin: UCD Press, 2013), pp. 469–471.
References
1905 births
1987 deaths
20th-century classical composers
20th-century Irish people
20th-century musicologists
Alumni of the Royal Irish Academy of Music
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
British musicologists
Fellows of Jesus College, Oxford
Fellows of the British Academy
Irish musicologists
Irish organists
Irish people of Welsh descent
Musicians from Dublin (city)
People educated at Mount Temple Comprehensive School
Pupils of Paul Hindemith
University of Amsterdam faculty
The Philadelphia White Stockings were a professional baseball franchise that was based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The team existed for three seasons in the National Association from to . There were known alternatively as the Whites, Phillies, Philadelphias, or Pearls, and played their home games at the Jefferson Street Grounds.
List of players
Players in Bold and have the symbol †, are members of the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
A
Bob Addy
B
George Bechtel
Joe Borden
C
Bill Craver
Bill Crowley
Candy Cummings†
Ned Cuthbert
D
Jim Devlin
John Donnelly
E
Dave Eggler
F
Cherokee Fisher
Chick Fulmer
G
H
Nat Hicks
Jim Holdsworth
I
J
K
L
M
Denny Mack
Fergy Malone
Mike McGeary
Ed McKenna
John McMullin
Levi Meyerle
Tim Murnane
N
O
P
Charlie Pabor
Bill Parks
Q
Quinlan
R
John Radcliff
Johnny Ryan
S
Orator Shafer
Pop Snyder
T
Fred Treacey
U
V
W
Sam Weaver
Jimmy Wood
X
Y
Tom York
Z
George Zettlein
References
External links
Franchise index at Baseball-Reference and Retrosheet
Philadelphia White Stockings
Major League Baseball all-time rosters
This is a list of people who were born in, residents of, or are otherwise connected to the city of London, Ontario. A person from London is referred to as a Londoner.
A-B
D. Craig Aitchison, Canadian Army officer, current commander of Combat Training Centre, at CFB Gagetown
Kelley Armstrong, author of fantastic fiction
Article One, Christian pop-rock band
Philip Aziz, painter, sculptor, designer, heritage preservationist
R. Scott Bakker, author of fantastic fiction
Karen Dianne Baldwin, Miss Universe 1982
Frederick Banting, co-discoverer of insulin, practised in London and has both a museum dedicated to him and a high school named after him
Joan Barfoot, author of fiction
John Davis Barnett, 19th and 20th-century railroad engineer and curator-librarian
Joe Bartoch, Olympian swimmer
Helen Battle (1903–1994), marine biologist
Sir Adam Beck, instrumental in setting up the early grid to deliver hydro-electric publicly-owned power from Niagara Falls to the rest of Ontario; former mayor of London
Marc Bell, artist
Tom Benner, artist
Justin Bieber (born 1994), singer-songwriter and actor
Craig Richard Billington, retired professional ice hockey player, now executive with Colorado Avalanche
The Birthday Massacre, synth-rock band
Trevor Blumas, actor
Bill Brady, broadcast journalist and media executive, Member of the Order of Canada, former national director of The Canadian Heart & Stroke Foundation
Greg Brady, one-time sports radio personality, now at ( CFIQ )
Eve Brodlique (1867-1949), British-born Canadian/American author, journalist
Josh Brown (ice hockey), NHL player for the Ottawa Senators
Richard Maurice Bucke, 19th-century pioneer in the modern treatment of the mentally ill
C-D
Gregory Campbell, retired player and hockey executive with Charlotte Checkers
Sir John Carling provincial and federal politician
Jeff Carter, NHL forward for the Pittsburgh Penguins
Eleanor Catton, author, winner of 2013 Man Booker Prize
Jack Chambers, painter, filmmaker
Margaret Chan, president of World Health Organization
John H. Chapman, physicist
Al Christie and his brother Charles Christie, Canadian pioneers in early Hollywood who built their own film studio
Warren Christie, television and film actor, known for role as Ray Cataldo on the ABC drama October Road and as Aidan "Greggy" Stiviletto on the ABC series Happy Town
Frank Colman, pro baseball player in the 1940s with Pittsburgh Pirates and New York Yankees; co-founded Eager Beaver Baseball Association in 1955
Patrick Colovin, president, University of Notre Dame
Ward Cornell, radio drama and sports, television sports, host of Hockey Night in Canada, teacher (Pickering College)
Logan Couture, NHL forward and Captain for the San Jose Sharks
Hume Cronyn, Sr., politician
Hume Cronyn, actor
Greg Curnoe, painter, musician, member of the Nihilist Spasm Band, and author
Lolita Davidovich, actress
Chris Daw, gold medalist in Turin 2006 Paralympics; wheelchair curling (skip)
John Dearness, botanist, mycologist, and educator
Laura Dennis, professional wrestler better known as Cherry Bomb
Dylan DeMelo, NHL hockey player for the Winnipeg Jets
Peter Desbarats, former Global TV anchor, author, former dean of the Graduate School of Journalism at the University of Western Ontario
Alexander Dewdney, mathematician
Christopher Dewdney, poet
Selma Diamond (1920–1985), actress, TV show Night Court
Chris Doty (1966–2006), award-winning documentary filmmaker, author and playwright
Drew Doughty, NHL defenseman with the Los Angeles Kings
Annie Le Porte Diggs (1853-1916), writer, temperance worker, and Populist advocate
Brett Dier, actor
Michael Dowse, film director
E-J
Emanuel, rhythm and blues singer
Marc Emery, marijuana activist and libertarian
The Essentials, a cappella group
Paterson Ewen, painter
Robert W. Fassold, 29th Canadian Surgeon General
Murray Favro, artist and musician in the Nihilist Spasm Band
Max Ferguson, CBC radio and TV personality, 1950s and 1960s
Jessie Fleming, Member on the Canadian Women's National Soccer Team, Olympic Bronze Medalist
Charley Fox, credited with strafing German Field Marshal Erwin Rommel's car and seriously injuring him in the process
Sam Gagner, NHL forward for the Detroit Red Wings
The Gandharvas, alternative rock band from the 1990s
Victor Garber, actor
Jerry Grafstein, lawyer
George Georgallidis, Professional Gamer
Shuman Ghosemajumder, entrepreneur, author
Ted Giannoulas, the Famous Chicken/San Diego Chicken mascot
George Gibson (Mooney) (1880–1967), catcher, Pittsburgh Pirates, won the World Series in 1909; manager in MLB
Ryan Gosling, actor
Jeff Hackett, former NHL hockey goaltender (ret. 2004)
Matt Hackett, nephew of Jeff, NHL goaltender in the 2010s.
Paul Haggis, Academy Award-winning Hollywood screenwriter, director
Jeremy Hansen, astronaut
Richard B. Harrison (1864–1935), groundbreaking Black actor
Jamelie Hassan, artist
Frank Hawley (b. 1954), two-time world champion drag racing driver
Gary Harvey, director television and producer
Robert Hall Haynes (1931–1998), scientist, first chair of the Department of Biology at York University, who coined the term ecopoeisis
William C. Heine, author, newspaper editor
Mark Hominick (b. 1982), mixed martial artist
Chris Horodecki (b. 1987), mixed martial artist
Bo Horvat, NHL player and Captain for the Vancouver Canucks
Garth Hudson, keyboard player in The Band
Kenneth Adams Hunter, 17th and 20th Canadian Surgeon General
Tommy Hunter, country singer
J.D. Jackson, physicist
Doug Jarrett, former NHL defenceman (ret. 1976)
Jenny Jones, TV talk show host
K-M
Nazem Kadri, NHL centre with the Colorado Avalanche
John Kapelos, character actor, frequently featured in John Hughes' films
Ingrid Kavelaars, actress
Penn Kemp, writer and former poet laureate of London
Kittie, all female heavy metal band
Travis Konecny, NHL forward with the Philadelphia Flyers
John Labatt, pioneer brewer
Sarah Lafleur, actress and voice actress
Cecil Lean, actor, lyricist, composer, singer
Graham Lear, drummer
Brett Lindros, former NHL hockey forward, brother of Eric Lindros (ret. 1996)
Eric Lindros, Hockey Hall of Fame member, drafted 1st overall in the 1991 Entry Draft by Quebec, brother of Brett Lindros
John William Little, businessman and former mayor of London
Gene Lockhart, actor who appeared in the first Blondie and Dagwood films
Lawrence Loh, physician and Medical Officer of Health for the Region of Peel during the COVID-19 pandemic
Guy Lombardo, world-famous bandleader and hydroplane racer, and his brothers:
Carmen Lombardo,
Lebert Lombardo,
Victor Lombardo,
Donald Luce, retired NHL center, and scout.
Luke Macfarlane, actor
Maggie Mac Neil, swimmer and Olympic gold medalist
Craig MacTavish, former NHL hockey player (ret. 1997); former Edmonton Oilers head coach and GM (2000–2015); now in Europe.
Sam Maggs, author and comic book and video game writer (b. 1988)
Joseph Marks, labour activist and creator of the newspaper the Industrial Banner
Brad Marsh, former NHL defenceman (ret. 1993)
Amber Marshall, actress (Amy Fleming from Heartland)
Vaughn Martin, 2009 draft pick by the NFL's San Diego Chargers
Rachel McAdams, actress
Emilia McCarthy, actress
Alex MacKinnon, darts player
Rob McConnell, Music Hall of Fame jazz musician of Boss Brass fame
Cody McCormick, retired NHL player from the Buffalo Sabres
Roy McDonald, poet, diarist, local street-person and personality
David McLellan, Olympic freestyle swimmer
Charles Meredith, President of the Montreal Stock Exchange, 1902
John Walsingham Cooke Meredith J.P., father of the "Eight London Merediths"
Chief Justice The Hon. Richard Martin Meredith Q.C., founder of The University of Western Ontario
Thomas Graves Meredith Q.C., President of Canada Life Assurance Company
Sir Vincent Meredith 1st Baronet, of Montreal, President of the Bank of Montreal
Chief Justice Sir William Ralph Meredith Q.C., M.P., Chancellor of the University of Toronto
Orlo Miller, author
Evan van Moerkerke, Olympic Swimmer at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Scott Moir, ice dancer and three-time Olympic gold medalist with his partner Tessa Virtue
Trevor Morris, Emmy award winning composer and music producer
Masasa Moyo, actress and voice actress
N-P
Kate Nelligan, actress
Christine Nesbitt, Olympic gold and silver medal-winning speed-skater (women's 1000m, and women's team pursuit, respectively)
Nihilist Spasm Band, pioneering noise music band
Bert and Joe Niosi (brothers), band members of radio's Happy Gang
O. E. L. "Bud" Graves, artist and painter/sculptor
Ocean, Christian folk rock band
Bryan Lee O'Malley, comic book artist and writer, award-winning cartoonist and creator of Scott Pilgrim
Megan Park, actress
Casey Patton, boxer
Paul Peel, painter
David Peterson, Premier of Ontario, 1985–1990
Ed Pien, artist
Chris Potter, actor
Skip Prokop, rock drummer and songwriter, founder of the band Lighthouse
Brandon Prust, former NHL forward.
R-S
Jack Richardson, C.M., award-winning record producer, Lifetime Achievement Juno Award recipient, Order of Canada recipient, and educator at Fanshawe College
Michael Riley, television actor
John P. Robarts, premier of Ontario, 1961–1971
Jesse Ronson, professional mixed martial artist
Vic Roschkov Sr., newspaper editorial cartoonist/illustrator
Jacob Ruby, football player Edmonton Eskimos
J. Philippe Rushton, researcher and academician at University of Western Ontario
Jude St. John, veteran, all-star player with Toronto Argonauts
Lara St. John, violinist, sister of Scott St. John
Scott St. John, violinist and violist, brother of Lara St. John
Charles Edward Saunders, agricultural scientist, principal developer of Marquis wheat
William Saunders, agricultural scientist, founder of Canada's Experimental Farm system
Brett Seney, hockey player
Shad, hip-hop musician
Nick Shaw, musician
David Shore, writer or producer for the television program House
Christine Simpson, Sports Broadcaster, and sibling of Craig and Dave,
Craig Simpson, former NHL hockey player and coach, now Broadcaster.
Dave Simpson, former player with London Knights and current professor at the Richard Ivey School of Business
George Sipos, writer
Meaghan Smith, singer-songwriter
Timothy Snelgrove, founder of Timothy's World Coffee
Ross Somerville, six-time Canadian Amateur Championship winner in golf, first Canadian to win U.S. Amateur in 1932
Clara Sorrenti, Twitch streamer and transgender activist
Jonny Staub, radio personality
Barry Steers, Canadian Ambassador to Brazil (1971–1976), High Commissioner to Bermuda (1976–1979), Ambassador to Japan (1981–1989)
Janaya Stephens, actress, star of the Left Behind movie series
Adam Stern, Major League Baseball player with the Baltimore Orioles
Sam Stout, Ultimate Fighting Championship competitor
David Suzuki, geneticist, environmentalist, writer and broadcaster
Nick Suzuki, NHL player for the Montreal Canadiens
Ryan Suzuki, NHL prospect for the Carolina Hurricanes, with the Chicago Wolves
T-Z
Salli Terri, mezzo-soprano
Ryan Thelwell, former National Football League player with San Diego Chargers and Pittsburgh Steelers, 3 time Grey Cup Champion BC Lions and Calgary Stampeders
Thine Eyes Bleed, metal band featuring Johnny Araya, brother of Slayer bassist, and vocalist Tom Araya
Jim Thompson, businessman, philanthropist, and sportsman
Scott Thornton, former NHL player (ret. 2008)
Tim Tindale, former American football player with Buffalo Bills and Chicago Bears
Five of the six Tolpuddle Martyrs, convicted in England for forming the first trade union there, settled in London
Jason Tunks, Olympian, discus thrower
Two Crown King, alternative rock and alternative hip hop band
Mike Van Ryn, retired NHL player and Assistant Coach with St. Louis Blues.
Jolene Van Vugt, first woman to perform a backflip on a dirt bike
Tessa Virtue, ice dancer and three-time Olympic gold medalist with partner Scott Moir
Brian Vollmer, lead singer of Helix
Shannon Walsh, documentary filmmaker
Damian Warner, Gold Medal Olympian from the 2020 Summer Olympics in the Men's Decathlon
Jack L. Warner, co-founder of Warner Brothers Studios
Jeff Willmore, visual and performance artist
Tomasz Winnicki, white supremacist, anti-Semite and subject of complaints before the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal
Marion Woodman, Jungian and feminist writer
Shelina Zadorsky, member of the Canadian Women's National Soccer Team, Bronze Olympic Medalist
Jessica Zelinka, former Olympic athlete (heptathlon).
References
London
London
Thyene ornata is a jumping spider species in the genus Thyene. The male was first identified in 2008.
Distribution
Thyene ornata has been found in Ethiopia.
References
Endemic fauna of Ethiopia
Arthropods of Ethiopia
Salticidae
Spiders described in 2008
Spiders of Africa
Taxa named by Wanda Wesołowska
Ueda Sōko (上田宗箇) (1563 – 30 May 1650) was a warlord who lived during the Momoyama and early Edo Periods. He is best known for founding the Ueda Sōko-ryū, a warrior class school of Japanese tea ceremony from Hiroshima. Ueda Sōko went by the name Satarō (佐太郎) in his younger days and later Shigeyasu (重安). He received his Zen practitioner's name of Chikuin (竹隠) by the 111th patriarch of Daitoku-ji, Shunoku Sōen. Today his death plaque is enshrined at the Sangen-in sub-temple of Daitoku-ji, beside that of his long time teacher in the Way of Tea, Furuta Oribe. Sōko was held in high esteem by Toyotomi Hideyoshi for military exploits and as a tea master. In the Battle of Sekigahara (1600), Sōko sided with Toyotomi's Western Army and was thus defeated. During the Siege of Osaka Summer Campaign (1615), Sōko fought with Asano Yoshinaga on the Tokugawa side, and for this Sōko was given a pardon by Tokugawa Ieyasu.
In 1619, the Tokogawa shogunate assigned the Geishū Domain to Asano Nagaakira and Sōko relocated to Hiroshima serving Nagaakira. Sōko was given a fief of 17,000 koku of rice in west Hiroshima (present day Hatsukaichi and Ōtake) and the role of Chief Retainer of the Geishū Domain for the Asano.
In 1632 (Year nine of Kan'ei Era) at the age of 70, Sōko retired from military duties and devoted himself to the Way of Tea. He immersed himself in a life of chanoyu: crafting tea equipage such as bamboo flower vases, chashaku tea scoops and firing raku ware tea bowls. Sōko developed his own school of chanoyu known as the Ueda Sōko-ryū. The school of Japanese tea ceremony continues in its 16th generation today, with an unbroken bloodline to Ueda Sōko.
Ueda Sōko the Warrior and Daimyo
In 1585 (Year 13 of Tenshō), Sōko was recruited as a samurai under Toyotomi Hideyoshi and awarded land equivalent of 10,000 koku of rice in Echizen. This gave Sōko daimyō status. Under Hideyoshi, Sōko was assigned the role of supervisor for the construction of the temple for the great Buddha statue at Hōkō-ji temple in Kyoto. Sōko was distinguished as a warrior for his exploits in the Kyūshū Campaign, Siege of Odawara, and Hideyoshi's Korean Campaigns. After many years of military success, in 1594 (Year three of Bunroku Era) Hideyoshi awarded his niece to Sōko in marriage. Sōko sided with Hideyoshi's Western Army in the Battle of Sekigahara. After the Western Army's defeat, Sōko was welcomed by Hachisuka Iemasa the daimyo of Awa Province. As tea master to Iemasa, Sōko instructed chanoyu and built gardens and tea houses while in Tokushima. After three years serving Iemasa, Sōko was solicited by Asano Yoshinaga to join his clan ruling Kishū Province. Sōko came to Hiroshima in service of the Asano Clan as Chief Retainer (karō 家老) and tea master of the Hiroshima Domain in 1619.
Style of Chanoyu
Ueda Sōko attended Rikyū's chanoyu practice (the Japanese Way of Tea) as a student for six years before becoming a student of Furuta Oribe for 24 years. Sōko was very close to Furuta Oribe and reverence for his teacher can be seen in the design of Wafūdō (tea villa built on the grounds of Hiroshima Castle). Sōko more or less replicates Oribe's tea house 'Ennan 燕庵' in the tea house 'Enshō 遠鐘' (meaning 'distant resonance of a temple bell') built at Wafūdō. The only difference is the addition of an additional tatami mat in size, requested by Asano Nagaakira. In Enshō, Sōko recreated an 'Oribe-kaku' tearoom. This is small, wabi-cha tearoom with an extra tatami mat added to the left of the alcove to form a small passageway. The mat can be partitioned off or used to accommodate more guests. After koicha (thick tea), the extra mat called shōban-datami is used as a corridor for the guests to pass from the small wabi-cha tearoom to the larger kusari-no-ma tearoom (the shōban-datami is also used for vassals to wait for their lord during tea proceedings). In the left wall of the alcove of an Oribe-kaku tearoom there is a window made with woven wicker that opens to the shōban-datami space. Oribe hung flower vases on this wicker window. All this was copied by Sōko. Oribe favoured the spacious, kusari-no-ma style tearoom that takes its name from a hanging kettle suspended by a chain from the ceiling. Sōko also reproduced this at Wafūdō as a shin (formal) tearoom. In Sōko's tea garden at Wafūdō, he uses a 'naka-kuguri' (small opening in a high wall) for guests to pass between the outer and inner roji (tea garden) – again used by Oribe.
Sōko assisted Oribe in establishing a distinct genre of chanoyu for the warrior class referred to as buke sadō (武家茶道) or 'warrior tea'. As a dedicated tea disciple of Oribe, Ueda Sōko designed the Wafūdō tea complex inside Hiroshima Castle to conduct the new sukiya onari format. This shows that he and Oribe where in close communication during the time Oribe contrived this new format of chanoyu with Tokugawa Hidetada.
From Sōko's tea house design and the provisions he made for conducting chaji (formal tea gatherings), Sōko's style of chanoyu appears to be one that favoured a flow in proceedings, where guests experienced different gardens and tearooms in the space of one gathering. This is in line with Oribe's style of tea rather than Rikyū's (Rikyū favoured small, two mat tearooms and gatherings where guests would keep to one room for the duration).
Sōko's tea aesthetics were also influenced by Rikyū. In the Notes from Sōko (Sōko-sama o-kikigaki) manuscript it is written: "The tips of Oribe's chashaku are free-flowing curves, but the tips of Sōko's chashaku have a bent or sharp angle, reminiscent of Rikyu's chashaku". Sōko is considered to have harmonised both Rikyū's wabi aesthetics and Oribe's aesthetics of hyōge (warped and playful).
Unlike Rikyū and Oribe who commissioned tea wares from artisans, Sōko made his own tea wares. In this pursuit he was one of the first warrior class teaists to craft o-niwa-yaki, tea bowls and other ceramic tea utensils fired in the garden of their castle residence (o-niwa-yaki means "fired in the garden").
The spirit of Ueda Sōko's chanoyu can be seen in the layout of his tea villa, Wafūdō. Pine trees were planted on the crossing bridge from the shoin residence to the tea pavilion to suggest crossing over to Jōdo (Buddhist Pure Land) During battle campaigns, Sōko would pass the time waiting for enemy forces by carving tea scoops. Examples are the chashaku named teki-gakure (waiting for the enemy). The only extant calligraphy work of Sōko is the single line scroll 'I welcome no layman to my abode'「門無俗士駕」(mon (ni) zokushi (no) ga nashi). The implication of the characters is "Upon mastering oneself through discipline and cultivating morality, those without such education and taste for the arts cease to appear at one's door". Throughout a life lived in the turbulent Warring States period, Sōko pursued a style of chanoyu that developed quietude for the mind and strength of spirit, deeply influenced by Zen morality.
Sōko created his school of tea with view for it to be transmitted through future generations. Sōko invested the teaching of his style of chanoyu into two families, the Normura and Nakamura. This role was called chaji azukari or Chief Retainers of the Teaching of Chanoyu. The first of these were Nomura Kyūmu and Nakamura Mototomo. The families also served as Sōko's vassals, controlling fiefs of 100 koku of rice each, given to them by Sōko. Under Sōko's direction, the Nomura and Nakamura families taught and conducted chanoyu for the Asano and Ueda families. It is thanks to this structure that the Ueda Sōko-ryū continues to the present day.
Teacher, Furuta Oribe
Ueda Sōko learned from Furuta Oribe for 24 years. Daimyō Asano Yoshinaga had Ueda Sōko question Furuta Oribe about chanoyu on his behalf (in the position of Yoshinaga's Chief Retainer and tea master). Sōko recorded Oribe's responses and delivered them to Asano Yoshinaga. The studious work of Sōko compiling Oribe's teachings survives in the manuscript known variously as Question and Answer with Oribe (茶道長問織答抄) and A Record of Sōho's Enquiries to Oribe (宗甫公古織江御尋書). It is one of the central documents for understanding the chanoyu of Furuta Oribe. The manuscript was shared with tea master for the Tokugawa shogunate, Kobori Enshū. This proves that Ueda Sōko and Kobori Enshū shared intimate correspondence on chanoyu. Both were leading disciples of Furuta Oribe.
The tradition of sukiya onari (the shōgun visiting a daimyōs residence for a formal tea gathering) started during the rule of Tokugawa Hidetada, the second generation Tokugawa shōgun. Furuta Oribe was Hidetada's tea master at this time and assumed a directorial role in the development of sukiya onari, a format of tea gathering especially for the warrior class, designed for entertaining the shōgun and daimyō. Following Oribe's ideas, Ueda Sōko designed the Wafūdō tea complex inside Hiroshima Castle to cater for the new sukiya onari format. After entering the castle gates for an official visit, the shōgun would first enter a roji (tea garden) and participate in chanoyu (a formal tea gathering) as the first part of the visit. The tea gathering would proceed from the sukiya (wabi-cha tearoom) to the kusari-no-ma (formal room with hanging kettle). Upon concluding chanoyu, the shōgun would cross to the shoin reception complex via a covered bridge where traditional entertainment from the time of the Ashikaga shogunate would take place. The current home of the Ueda Sōko-ryū is a reconstruction of the Wafūdō built by Ueda Sōko on the grounds of Hiroshima Castle. As such, it provides a rare example of the warrior style of chanoyu developed by Furuta Oribe and Ueda Sōko.
Gardens by Ueda Sōko
Before his fame as a tea master, Sōko gained fame in the arts through his skill as a landscape gardener for palaces and temples throughout Honshū and Shikoku.
Omotegoten Garden of Old Tokushima Castle, Tokushima
(Designated National Place of Scenic Beauty)
Garden of the Hachisuka Family on the grounds of Tokushima Castle.
Ni no Maru Garden, Nagoya Castle
Designated National Place of Scenic Beauty. Designed and built under order from Tokugawa Ieyasu in 1614 (First year of Genna Era).
Shukkei-en, Hiroshima
Designated National Place of Scenic Beauty. Built as a second residence, Shukkei-en was also called the ‘lake residence', of Lord Asano, the Daimyo of the Geishū (Hiroshima) Domain. This garden was built in the walkaround style of early Edo Period daimyo gardens.
Nisinomaru Garden, Wakayama Castle
Designated National Place of Scenic Beauty. Sōko was assigned to the reconstruction of Wakayama Castle and the design and construction of the Nisinomaru Garden.
Hōkō-ji, Kyoto
Hideyoshi assigned Sōko as supervisor of the construction of the Daibutsuden (temple housing a large icon of the Buddha) at Hōkō-ji Temple.
Wafūdō, Hiroshima Castle
Sōko constructed a second wafūdō tea house complex on the main residence of the Ueda family on the grounds of Hiroshima Castle. This Wafūdō reflected the original Wafūdō built in Kishū Province. The Hiroshima Wafūdō included a sukiya tearoom called Enshō, a kusari-no-ma tearoom called Kenkei and the training complex Ankantei. As part of the construction Sōko planted a pine at the summit of Shijōyama mountain. The pine is known as Sōko Matsu ("Soko's Pine") and the mountain is also known as Sōkoyama ("Mount Sōko").
Death
Ueda Sōko died at 88 years of age. His oldest son was required to serve the Edo Bakufu which left his second eldest son, Shigemasa, to become heir of the Ueda family in Hiroshima. When Shigemasa died on 10 April at age 44, Sōko abstained from food and water from the same day until passing away 21 days later on 1 May (by the lunar calendar). According to Sōko's biography, on the morning of the 1st, Sōko rose, purified his mouth, drank tea and lay down dead. Sōko's ashes were ground into dust and set adrift on the current of the Seto Inland Sea.
References
Further reading
上田家茶書集成, published by 広島市教育委員会, Hiroshima 2005
Ueda, Sōkei; Ueda, Sōkō (2011). The Ueda Sōko Tradition of Cha-no-yu, Introductory Edition 入門編 上田宗箇流茶の湯. Hiroshima: 株式会社第一学習社. pp. 120–124. .
上田, 宗源; 上田, 宗嗣 (1993). 上田宗箇流茶の湯. 株式会社第一学習社. pp. 225–263. .
武家茶道と広島文化～その精神と現代性 Samurai Tea & Hiroshima Culture: The Spirit & Modernity, Lecture given by Ueda Sōkei, 16th Grandmaster of the Ueda Sōko-ryū and broadcast on NHK Radio.
External links
Official Homepage (Japanese)
Official Branch Homepage (English)
Samurai
Japanese warriors
1563 births
1650 deaths
Kate Rutter is an English actress, best known for I, Daniel Blake, Peterloo and River City.
Filmography
Personal life
Kate Rutter was born and raised in Leeds, Yorkshire, she trained as an actress at Rose Bruford College in Sidcup, Southeast London and began her career in 1977 working on various productions for Yorkshire Playhouse under director Phil Young. Her first television appearance was in 1994 in series Earthfasts by William Mayne. Since then Kate has appeared as a series regular in both ITV's Coronation Street and BBC River City. In 2020, Kate Rutter's appearance on BBC's Question Time sparked controversy over whether the actress was hired by the BBC.
Awards and nominations
References
Living people
Actresses from Leeds
English film actresses
English television actresses
English soap opera actresses
Alumni of Rose Bruford College
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hedi Stadlen (6 January 1916 – 21 January 2004), better known in Sri Lanka as Hedi Keuneman, was an Austrian Jewish philosopher, political activist, and musicologist. She was one of the handful of European Radicals in Sri Lanka.
Vienna
She was born Hedwig Magdalena Simon in Vienna to Else Reis and Hans Simon, an eminent economist and banker. She was one of those whose life was deeply affected by the spread of virulent fascism in Europe in the 1930s. Both her parents were assimilated, non-observant Jews; her father had Hedi baptised to make sure that she would have protection from antisemitic shopkeepers during the starvation caused by the First World War.
She was sent to a progressive school in Vienna founded by the Polish-Jewish feminist Eugenia Schwarzwald, at whose home Hedi met such figures as the painter Oskar Kokoschka and the architect Adolph Loos.
She studied philosophy at the University of Vienna. One of her lecturers, Professor Moritz Schlick was shot by a deranged student. The student was later paroled, acclaimed as a 'heroic Aryan' and, became a member of the Austrian Nazi party after the Anschluss.
Incidents such as this caused Dr Simon to leave Vienna and take his family to Switzerland and later to the USA.
Cambridge
Through contacts in Whitehall, Dr Simon sent his daughter to Newnham College, Cambridge University, where she continued her studies, but switched to Moral Sciences (philosophy) under Ludwig Wittgenstein.
She spent her weekends in London, working for the cause of Indian freedom in Krishna Menon's India League, with Indira Gandhi among others. She later explained that "the racial discrimination suffered by the Jews in Austria made me feel sympathetic to the victims of colonial rule and strengthened my determination to identify with the fight for the freedom and independence of colonial peoples."
The capitalist crisis, fascism and the Spanish Civil War attracted her to the Communist Party of Great Britain. The historian Eric Hobsbawm fell in love with Hedi Simon, but she, in turn fell in love with another communist undergraduate, Pieter Keuneman, who was President of the Cambridge Union and editor of the student magazine Granta. He was the son of a Dutch Burgher Supreme Court justice in Ceylon.
Hedi Simon graduated with first class honours in 1939, but as a woman was excluded under university rules from the award of her degree. She married Pieter Keuneman in Switzerland in September 1939. The next year they went to Ceylon.
Colombo
In Ceylon, the left had split in 1940, when the Trotskyists in the Lanka Sama Samaja Party expelled the pro-Moscow faction, which formed the United Socialist Party (USP). The Keunemans joined the USP, which was fiercely anti-colonial until the invasion by Hitler of the Soviet Union, thereafter advocating co-operation with the colonial regime against the common enemy, fascism.
Hedi Keuneman was elected president of one of the co-operative societies were formed to distribute affordable food, following the outbreak of war. She monitored food stocks and prices in central Colombo, popularising cheaper, local food cereals such as bajiri, a locally grown sticky grain, earning herself the nickname bajiri nona ('bajiri lady').
Between 1940 and 1942, Hedi Keuneman taught at University College, Colombo and at the Modern School initiated by another communist emigrant and India League veteran, Doreen Young Wickremasinghe.
She was active in the Friends of the Soviet Union and, with shoulder-length black hair and sometimes barefoot in a red sari, distributed pro-communist literature and addressed meetings among English-speaking supporters. She also wrote a pamphlet publicising Hitler's tyranny, Under Nazi Rule.
In 1943 when the USP was dissolved and became the Communist Party of Ceylon, Pieter became its first general secretary. He and Hedi subsisted on boiled breadfruit and sambol, living modestly near the CP office in Borella.
London
Following end of the war in 1945, Hedi Keuneman returned to Europe to meet her mother—as a communist, she was barred from entering the United States (where her father had died in 1942). In London in 1946 she met an old friend from Vienna, Peter Stadlen a distinguished concert pianist who had premiered the Webern Opus 27 Variations. She chose not to return to Ceylon, and divorced Pieter. While Hedi Stadlen never rejoined a communist party, she never renounced her socialist convictions.
She subsequently married Stadlen, with whom she lived in Hampstead. In 1956, a hand injury obliged Stadlen to turn to music criticism, chiefly for The Daily Telegraph, and academic study. Hedi collaborated with him, possibly influenced by her musical heritage, as grandniece of Johann Strauss. They produced conclusive evidence that extensive sections of Anton Schindler's Beethoven conversation books were forgeries. She also played a crucial role in Stadlen's study of Beethoven's intentions with his metronome markings.
On Stadlen's death on 20 January 1996, Hedi lied about her age and joined the charity Volunteer Reading Help, and for six years helped disadvantaged children in a North London primary school to strengthen their reading. She also worked with Annette Morreau on a biography of the Viennese cellist Emmanuel Feuermann.
In 2002 she returned to Cambridge to receive the degree denied to her over five decades previously. At the same ceremony her son Nicholas received his M.A. and her grandson, Matthew, was awarded his B.A.
Hedi Stadlen was survived by her sons Nicholas, a High Court judge (who holds the record for the longest speech in British legal history—119 days), and Godfrey, a senior civil servant in the Home Office.
See also
Women in musicology
References
B. Skanthakumar. "Hedi Stadlen (Keuneman) 1916-2004: Indefatigable political activist", Sunday Observer, 11 July 2004
Alan Rusbridger. "Hedi Stadlen: From political activism in Colombo to new insights on Beethoven" The Guardian, 29 January 2004
Obituary: "Hedi Stadlen", Times Online, 31 January 2004
Obituary: "Hedi Stadlen", The Independent, 31 January 2004
Austrian musicologists
Women musicologists
Austrian communists
British communists
Communist Party of Great Britain members
Sri Lankan communists
Academics of the Ceylon University College
Jewish anti-racism activists
Alumni of Newnham College, Cambridge
Jewish emigrants from Austria to the United Kingdom after the Anschluss
1916 births
2004 deaths
Austrian emigrants to Sri Lanka
20th-century musicologists
20th-century women musicians
People of British Ceylon
ENAV S.p.A. is an Italian company owned by the Ministry of Economy and Finances and managed by the Ministry of Infrastructure and Transport, through ENAC, the Italian Civil Aviation Authority. Together with the Italian Air Force, the company is responsible for the provision of air traffic services (ATS) and other air navigation services in Italy. As an air navigation service provider (ANSP) it is responsible for the provision of air traffic control service (ATCS), flight information service (FIS), aeronautical information service (AIS), and issuing of weather forecasts for the airports and the airspace under its responsibility.
The company name ENAV was the former name of the public agency, acronym for "Ente Nazionale Assistenza al Volo". In 2001 the agency ENAV was transformed in ENAV S.p.A., a company owned by the Italian Treasury.
Techno Sky
In 2006 ENAV acquired from Vitrociset Techno Sky, the society for development and maintenance of the air traffic management technologies used by ENAV.
Techno Sky projects, installs and manage the air traffic control technologies for ENAV and others institutions in Italy and abroad.
Techno Sky operates in four area control centres (ACC) in Rome, Milan, Padua and Brindisi and in 44 airports, managing 45 radar systems, 117 telecommunications centres, 84 meteorological systems, 198 navigation aid systems (ILS, VOR, DME) and 71 software systems.
Area control centres
ENAV operates four area control centress (ACCs) in Rome, Milan, Padua and Brindisi managing the IFR air traffic in the Italian flight information region (FIR).
Control towers
ENAV operates control towers of 44 airports in Italy, managing departures, landings, and ground movements.
References
External links
ENAV S.p.A. Official website
Techno Sky Official website
Air traffic control
Air navigation service providers
Aviation authorities
Companies based in Rome
Companies established in 1982
Government-owned companies of Italy
Italian companies established in 1982
Đorđe Glišović (; born 13 February 1995) is a Serbian football defender, playing for Jedinstvo Putevi.
Club career
Originating from Čajetina, Glišović played with Zlatibor and Jedinstvo Putevi in his youth career. He joined the first team of Jedinstvo Putevi in 2013–14 season, but also stayed with youth team until the end of season. He noted his first senior caps during the 2014–15 season, making 4 Serbian First League appearances. At the beginning of 2015–16 season, Glišović played cup matches against Zemun and Čajetina, and later, during the season, he played mostly matches as a defender. He also played all 15 matches in the Serbian League West, during the first half of 2016–17 season, scoring a goal in the second fixture match against Budućnost Krušik. In the winter break off-season, Glišović was related with returning to Zlatibor, but he continued playing with Jedinstvo Putevi.
Career statistics
Club
Notes & references
1995 births
Living people
People from Čajetina
Association football defenders
Serbian footballers
FK Jedinstvo Užice players
Serbian First League players
Scotland is the most mountainous country in the United Kingdom. Scotland's mountain ranges can be divided in a roughly north to south direction into: the Scottish Highlands, the Central Belt and the Southern Uplands, the latter two primarily belonging to the Scottish Lowlands. The highlands eponymously contains the country's main mountain ranges, but many hills and mountains are to be found south of these as well. The below lists are not exhaustive; there are countless subranges throughout the country.
Ben Nevis, the highest mountain in Scotland and the United Kingdom, is in the Highland region at the western end of the Grampian Mountains.
As of 2019, hundreds of thousands of people visit mountains in Scotland every winter and 130,000 climbdown to the summit of Ben Nevis every year.
Highlands
Scotland's main mountainous region can be broadly further split into the Northwest Highlands, the Grampian Mountains and the islands off the west coast. As the name implies, the NW Highlands begin at the suture north and west of the Great Glen and include 100 of the 282 Munros. The mountains found here are generally very rough and steep, but can also often provide walking on short grass. Long ridges are to be found on both sides of Glen Shiel in Kintail and more range-like mountains are to be found further north, such as in the Fannichs. The Torridon Hills are exceptionally well-regarded by hillwalking, scrambling and climbing communities; some of them, such as Beinn Eighe, are crowned by white quartzite, which gives a highly-distinctive appearance. The trend continues to the north, with larger caps of the white rock at Foinaven and Arkle. Some of these hills are made of Lewisian Gneiss, making them some of the oldest rocks on Earth. Many of the peaks within this region are isolated, particularly within Assynt and Sutherland, and, although sometimes smaller, possess a great grandeur. These include: Stac Pollaidh, Suilven, An Teallach and Maiden Pap. The southern portion of this area south of Glenfinnan consists of lower mountains of Corbetts and Grahams, but maintain the rough character of those found further north. The highest mountain in this area is Càrn Eige, also the second most prominent mountain in Britain, although twelfth by height.
Torridon, west and southwest of Kinlochewe
The Fannichs, north-east of Kinlochewe
Dundonnel and Fisherfield Forest, north of Kinlochewe
Knoydart, north-east of Mallaig
The Mullardochs and Glen Affric, west of Cannich
Assynt, north of Ullapool
The Grampians make up the bulk of Scotland's highlands and contain the highest peaks and largest ranges, extending south and east of the Great Glen down to the Highland Boundary Fault, occupying almost half of the country's land area. Some of the area is relatively low lying, but not necessarily without topographical character. These regions include the Kintyre peninsula, Knapdale and Mid Argyll on the west coast, as well as eastern Aberdeenshire and Moray on the east. Rannoch Moor is a well-known area of low-lying land in an area surrounded by very high mountains and usually harks travellers' entrance into the highlands. The partly-forested Cowal peninsula has hills of intermediate height and considerable cragginess. The Grampians has the highest number of distinct mountain ranges in Scotland, particularly towards the west in Lochaber, where the mountains have much steeper sides than those found easterly. The highest eastern ranges can be split primarily into the Monadhliath, the Cairngorms and the Mounth. Many well-known mountains and hills are to be found here, such as Ben A'an, The Cobbler, Buachaille Etive Mòr, Bidean nam Bian, Schiehallion, Ben Macdui and Lochnagar. The highest mountain in this area is Ben Nevis, the highest mountain in Britain.
The Arrochar Alps, north-west of Arrochar
The Braes of Balquhidder, north-west of Callander
Breadalbane, west and north of Killin
Lorne, north-east of Oban
Cowal, north-west of Greenock
The Black Mount, north-west of Bridge of Orchy
Glen Coe, east of Ballachulish
The Mamores, south-east of Fort William
The Grey Corries, east of Fort William
The Monadhliath, west of Aviemore
The Cairngorms, north and north-west of Braemar
The Mounth, south-east of Braemar
Bennachie, north-west of Aberdeen
The main mountainous islands of Scotland are Skye, Mull and Rùm in the Inner Hebrides and Harris within the Outer Hebrides, however Islay, Jura and, although separated from the Hebrides, Arran is all very well-regarded for their hills and mountains. Skye's Black Cuillin, composed of basalt and rough gabbro, is generally regarded as the most serious mountain terrain in Britain with bare rock, jagged in outline and steep cliffs and deep cut corries. Ropes are required for some summits and the area is host to the only Munro necessitating climbing apparatus, the In Pinn. The neighbouring Red Cuillin is composed primarily of granite and has more isolated, cone-shaped mountains of a slightly lesser height. Skye is also very well known for the Quiraing and its Old Man of Storr on the Trotternish peninsula. The isle of Rùm has its own Cuillin, also composed of gabbro but shorter, grassier; necessitating good scrambling ability, and a head for heights. Multiple characteristic smaller hills are to be found on the island as well. Although only having one Munro, Ben More, Mull is a very mountainous island in its centre with a number of Grahams and lower hills. The walking here is not as precipitous as the latter but still requires good competence. Jura is best known by the Paps of Jura, three cone-shaped, quartzite hills which are home to the Isle of Jura Fell Race and necessitate a great deal of height gain despite their size. A number of smaller hills are to be found nearby to them and on the remote northern half of the island. Within the Outer Hebrides, the mountains of Harris dominate, providing a stark contrast to the flatness of Lewis. The four highest mountains here are separated from each other by deep valleys, however the areas the highest mountain, An Cliseam, can be climbed via a short horseshoe route. South Uist, further south in the archipelago, also has a number of small enjoyable mountains and hills. The final island of considerable concern is Arran, which has four Corbetts and one Graham. These mountains require considerable care in places and include the A'Chir ridge, an area well-regarded by climbers; a number of approaches and routes are possible, usually starting from Glen Rosa or Glen Sannox. The St. Kilda archipelago, 40-miles west-northwest of North Uist, is also worth mentioning, consisting of four exceptionally steep-sided islands and multiple sea stacks, all but one requiring special planning and authorisation to visit and almost all necessitating safety ropes. These islands are sought after by hill baggers. Scotland also has a number of smaller islands with conspicuous summits not part of a range, such as Dùn Caan on Raasay. The highest point of this area is Sgùrr Alasdair.
The Skye Cuillin
The Quiraing
The Rùm Cuillin
Isle of Mull
Paps of Jura
An Sgùrr (Eigg)
St. Kilda
Central Lowlands
The southern and eastern parts of Scotland are usually referred to as the Scottish Lowlands, but these areas also have significant ranges of hills, although these are lower than the Highland mountains. Because they are much closer to towns and cities, they are more popular for hill walking and rambling than the more distant mountains of the Highlands. The highest mountain in this area is Ben Cleuch.
Sidlaw Hills, north of Dundee but south east of the Highland Boundary Fault
Ochil Hills, east of Stirling
Kilpatrick Hills, north-west of Glasgow
Campsie Fells, north of Glasgow
Lomond Hills, east of Kinross
In addition to the main ranges, there are numerous individual hills in the Lowlands, often volcanic in origin. Many are known by the Scots word Law, meaning hill.
Southern Uplands
The Southern Uplands form a continuous belt of hills across southern Scotland from Dumfries and Galloway to the Scottish Borders, with the northern sections spilling into Ayrshire, South Lanarkshire and Lothian. These uplands are divided into several local ranges. The heartland of the Galloway Hills lies to the north of Loch Trool, and many excellent walks start from the extensive car park by Bruce's Stane. The ranges within the Scottish Borders are somewhat bigger and flatter than in Galloway but are of a similar height and are arguably just as remote. There are also a number of isolated hills which do not fit into any specific range, such as Tinto and Cairnsmore of Fleet. The highest mountain in this area is Merrick.
Galloway Hills
Range of the Awful Hand
Dungeon Hills
Rhinns of Kells
Minnigaff Hills
Carsphairn and Scaur Hills
Lowther Hills
Moffat Hills
Pentland Hills
Moorfoot Hills
Manor Hills
Lammermuir Hills
Ettrick Hills
Cheviot Hills, which lie mostly in England and form part of the border between the two countries
Scotland's highest mountains
The ten highest mountains in Scotland are also the ten highest in the UK:
1. Ben Nevis (Beinn Nibheis), 4,411.1 ft (1,344.5 m)
2. Ben Macdui (Beinn Macduibh), 4,295 ft (1,309 m)
3. Braeriach (Am Bràigh Riabhach), 4,252 ft (1,296 m)
4. Cairn Toul (Càrn an t-Sabhail), 4,236 ft (1,291 m)
5. Sgòr an Lochain Uaine, 4,127 ft (1,258 m)
6. Cairn Gorm (An Càrn Gorm), 4,084 ft (1,244.8 m)
7. Aonach Beag, 4,049 ft (1,234 m)
8. Aonach Mòr, 4,004 ft (1,220.4 m)
9. Càrn Mòr Dearg, 4,003 ft (1,220 m)
10. Ben Lawers (Beinn Labhair), 3,983 ft (1,214 m)
Listings
Scottish peaks are categorised in the following hill lists. A peak may qualify for inclusion in more than one list.
The Munros are the most significant hills in Scotland over 3,000 feet (914.4 m), according to original compiler Sir Hugh Munro. The list was first drawn up in 1891, and is modified from time to time by the Scottish Mountaineering Club (SMC). It currently comprises 282 peaks, following the demotion of Sgurr nan Ceannaichean in September 2009 and of Beinn a' Chlaidheimh in 2012.
The Corbetts are hills in Scotland between 2,500 and 3,000 feet (762 and 914.4 m), with a relative height of at least 500 feet (152.4 m). The list is maintained by the SMC. There are currently 222 hills.
The Grahams are hills in Scotland between 2,000 and 2,500 feet (609.6 and 762 m), with a relative height of at least 150 metres (492 ft). The list of hills fitting these criteria was first published by Alan Dawson in The Relative Hills of Britain. under the provisional name Elsies (LCs, short for Lesser Corbetts). They were later named Grahams after the late Fiona Torbet (née Graham) who had compiled a similar list around the same time. The SMC incorporated the list into Munro's Tables in 1997 but Dawson continues to maintain the list. There were originally 224 Grahams, but the current total stands at 221 after Corwharn, Ben Aslak and Ladylea Hill were surveyed as falling short of 609.6 m
The Donalds are hills in the Scottish Lowlands over 2,000 feet (609.6 m). The list was originally compiled by Percy Donald, and is maintained by the SMC. It comprises 89 summits and 51 subsidiary tops, giving a total of 140 hills.
The Marilyns are hills in the British Isles that have a relative height of at least 150 m, regardless of distance, absolute height or merit. The list was compiled and is maintained by Alan Dawson. There are 1,216 Scottish Marilyns, see List of Marilyns in Scotland.
Injuries and deaths
Injuries and deaths from avalanches
See also
Ben Nevis
Buachaille Etive Mòr
Geography of Scotland
List of deaths on eight-thousanders
List of mountains of the British Isles by height
Lists of mountains and hills in the British Isles
Lists of mountains in Ireland
List of Munro mountains in Scotland
List of Murdos (mountains)
List of Corbetts (mountains)
List of Grahams (mountains)
List of Donald mountains in Scotland
List of Furth mountains in the British Isles
List of P600 mountains in the British Isles
Mount Hood climbing accidents
References
External links
Scottish Mountaineering Club - The SMC maintain the lists of Munros, Munro Tops, Furths, Corbetts and Donalds. They also keep a record of Completionists.
Walkhighlands – Features podcasts giving the correct pronunciation and place-name meanings, a 3D visualisation of every route, gradient profiles and route downloads for GPS devices.
MunroMagic.com – Munro, Corbett and Graham descriptions, pictures, location maps, walking routes and weather reports.
Hill Bagging - the online version of the Database of British and Irish Hills - Survey reports, the change control database and the GPS database are on Hill Bagging.
The Munros and Tops 1891–1997 – Spreadsheet showing changes in successive editions of Munros Tables.
Ordnance Survey Munro Blog - OS is Britain's mapping agency. They make the most up-to-date and accurate maps of the United Kingdom. They have also produced a blog on the Munros.
Harold Street Munros Lists of GPS waypoints + Grid References for walking in UK mountains and hills in various GPS file formats.
ScottishHills.com – Hillwalking forum with Munro, Corbett, Graham and Donald, Sub 200's log, maps and trip reports.
Bibliography
Accidents
Avalanches in the United Kingdom
Death in the United Kingdom
Mountaineering disasters
Mountaineering deaths
Marilyns of Scotland
Munros
Peak bagging
Tourist attractions in Scotland
Keyhole Island is a small rocky island lying southeast of the Terra Firma Islands in the southwest part of Mikkelsen Bay, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was first surveyed in 1948 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey, who applied this name because of the presence of an ice arch formed by the icecap on this island.
References
Islands of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
At the Movies (also known as At the Movies with Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert) is an American movie review television program that aired from 1982 to 1990. It was produced by Tribune Entertainment and was created by Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert when they left their show Sneak Previews, which they began on Chicago's PBS station, WTTW, in 1975.
Background
For At the Movies, Siskel and Ebert adopted the same format they had used in their previous series, Sneak Previews: two critics from opposing newspapers view clips from the week's new movies, discuss them, then pass judgment expressed in thumbs up (to approve) or thumbs down (not worth seeing). During this run, they would adopt several elements that would make the show lively. For example, they would bring on an animal called "Spot the Wonder Dog" to help lead into a segment called "The Dog of the Week," covering the week's worst movie. Later, they used another animal, "Aroma the Educated Skunk." Siskel and Ebert would also occasionally feature an "X-Ray segment," in which they discussed current trends happening in the movies. None of these features were carried over when Siskel and Ebert left Tribune/PBS in 1986 over a contract dispute and created Siskel & Ebert & the Movies with Buena Vista Television, whose title was later shortened to simply Siskel & Ebert. (The show re-adopted the At the Movies portion of the title in 2007.)
They were replaced on At the Movies by film critics Rex Reed and Bill Harris, the latter a gossip correspondent for Entertainment Tonight (ET). Under Reed and Harris, the show expanded beyond movie reviews, adding show business news and gossip. Harris left in 1988 and was replaced by former ET host Dixie Whatley.
References
External links
1982 American television series debuts
1990 American television series endings
English-language television shows
Film criticism television series
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
Gene Siskel
Roger Ebert
Television series by Tribune Entertainment
Siskel and Ebert
Sam Wykes (born 25 April 1988) is a rugby union footballer. His regular playing position is lock. He currently represents the in Super Rugby. He made his debut during the 2008 Super 14 season against the Cheetahs in Bloemfontein.
Super Rugby statistics
External links
Western Force profile
itsrugby.co.uk profile
1988 births
Australian rugby union players
Australian people of Tongan descent
Western Force players
Rugby union locks
Rugby union players from Sydney
Living people
Perth Spirit players
Coca-Cola Red Sparks players
Australian expatriate rugby union players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate rugby union players in Japan
Sunwolves players
Saitama Wild Knights players
Shimizu Koto Blue Sharks players
New South Wales Waratahs players
The 2010–11 Premier Arena Soccer League season consisted of 6 divisions of 32 teams across the US. The Premier Arena Soccer League continues to serve as the developmental league to the PASL-Pro.
Standings
As of March 5, 2011
(Bold Division Winner)
Division playoffs
South Central Division Finals
Sun. Feb. 27: Vitesse Dallas 8, DFW Tornados 5
2010-11 PASL-Premier Finals
The finals were played at Las Vegas, Nevada, on March 4–5, 2011.
Preliminary Round: Fri. March 4, 2011
9:15 am - Evansville Crush 7, CF Revolucion Tijuana 6
9:15 am - WSA Rapids 7, Los Angeles Bolts 4
10:00 am - Las Vegas Knights 7, Chico Bigfoot 2
10:00 am - San Diego Fusion 2, ASC Warriors 2
10:45 am - Vitesse Dallas 6, CF Revolucion Tijuana 2
10:45 am - South Natomas All Stars 7, Los Angeles Bolts 5
11:30 am - Chico Bigfoot 4, Colorado Springs Blizzard 1
11:30 am - ASC Warriors 3, Cincinnati Kings Reserves 3
12:15 pm - Vitesse Dallas 9, Evansville Crush 6
12:15 pm - South Natomas All Stars 6, WSA Rapids 3
1:00 pm - Las Vegas Knights 8, Colorado Springs Blizzard 0
1:00 pm - San Diego Fusion 6, Cincinnati Kings Reserves 4
Knockout Round
Fri. March 4, 2011 Elimination Round
Game 13 - 1:45 pm - Colorado Springs Blizzard 8, Evansville Crush 3
Game 14 - 1:45 pm - Cincinnati Kings Reserves 6, WSA Rapids 3
Game 15 - 2:30 pm - Chico Bigfoot 7, CF Revolucion Tijuana 1
Game 16 - 4:00 pm - ASC Warriors 4, Los Angeles Bolts 2
Sat. March 5, 2011 Quarterfinals
Game 17 - 9:00 am - Las Vegas Knights 3, Cincinnati Kings Reserves 2
Game 18 - 9:55 am - San Diego Fusion 3, Chico Bigfoot 2
Game 19 - 10:50 am - Vitesse Dallas 4, ASC Warriors 1
Game 20 - 11:45 am - South Natomas All Stars 3, Colorado Springs Blizzard 2
Semifinals
Game 21 - 1:30 pm - Las Vegas Knights 5, Vitesse Dallas 3
Game 22 - 2:25 pm - San Diego Fusion 6, South Natomas All Stars 5 (Shootout)
Finals
Game 23 - 4:15 pm - Las Vegas Knights 3, San Diego Fusion 0 (Forfeit)
References
Premier Arena Soccer League seasons
Premier Arena Soccer League
Premier Arena Soccer League
Ernest Frederick Watermeyer, PC, KC (12 October 1880 – 18 January 1958), was the Chief Justice of South Africa from 1943 to 1950.
Watermeyer was born in Graaff-Reinet in 1880. He was educated at Stellenbosch Gymnasium, Bath College and Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, where he read Mathematics, then Law.
He was called to the bar in England by the Inner Temple in 1904, and admitted to the Cape bar in 1905. He became a King's Counsel in 1921. From 1922 to 1937, he was a judge of the Cape Provincial Division of the Supreme Court of South Africa. In 1937, he was promoted to the Supreme Court's Appellate Division.
In 1943, he was appointed Chief Justice of South Africa and was sworn of the Privy Council the same year, the last Chief Justice of South Africa to be made a Privy Counsellor. He served as Officer Administering the Government of the Union of South Africa in 1950, and retired the same year.
References
Chief justices of South Africa
1880 births
1958 deaths
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
South African members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Members of the Inner Temple
South African Queen's Counsel
South African judges
Federation Space is a Star Trek-based space naval combat board game published by Task Force Games in 1981.
Design and gameplay
Federation Space was designed by Stephen Wilcox as a strategic companion to the more tactical Star Fleet Battles system.
The game components are:
20" x 24" hex grid map
432 back-printed die-cut cardboard counters
fleet organization charts
combat results table
16-page rulebook
The map covers the large extent of space and many of the space-faring races described in the Star Trek TV series. This included the Federation, Klingons, Romulans, Gorns, Tholians and Hydrans. The Kzinti, a race mentioned in the Ringworld novels of Larry Niven, is also featured.
This is a game of naval fleet action involving dozens (or more) ships. Nearly all ships move at the same speed (Warp Factor 6). With so many ships involved, combat relies on a simple two-step reduction system to determine damage. Each ship only has two statuses: normal (counter face up); and damaged (counter face-down). Taking any damage results in a ship receiving the "Damaged" status. Taking any subsequent damage destroys the ship. Battles continue until one side is either destroyed or withdraws.
Since this is a strategic-level game, some scenarios describe the capture of base stations, starbases or even planets.
There is also a campaign game for three or more players (each playing a different race) in which the players use diplomatic alliances and multiple navies to achieve their strategic goals.
Reception
In the March 1982 edition of The Space Gamer (Issue No. 49), William A. Barton recommended the game, saying, "Federation Space succeeds in its purpose to present a relatively simple, playable Star Trek game which can serve as a strategic module for Star Fleet Battles. Recommended to Trek gamers everywhere."
John Lambshead reviewed Federation Space for White Dwarf #31, giving it an overall rating of 8 out of 10, and stated that "So to sum up: a reasonable buy for megalomaniacs who like to rule the universe, a good buy for Star Trek fans, and an essential buy for Star Fleet Battles enthusiasts."
In the August 1983 edition of Dragon (Issue 76), Tony Watson liked a number of things, including its simplicity of rules and combat, the fleet organization charts, the simple step-reduction damage system, and the colourful components. Watson criticized the size of the map, which although large compared to other combat games, was too small and restrictive for entire fleets. Watson also thought the game did not reward clever fleet maneuvers, relying instead on massed fleets simply engaging head on. He concluded, "Federation Space has much to recommend itself. Both those who play Starfleet Battles and those interested in a fast-moving, action-oriented strategic space game should find this title to their liking."
References
External links
Board games based on Star Trek
Board games introduced in 1981
Star Fleet Battles
Olexiy Lukashevych (; born 11 January 1977, in Dnipropetrovsk) is a Ukrainian long jumper, best known for winning the 2002 European Championships. His personal best is 8.27 metres, achieved in June 2000 in Tartu.
Achievements
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Ukrainian male long jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Ukraine
European Athletics Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Universiade gold medalists for Ukraine
Competitors at the 2001 Goodwill Games
Sportspeople from Dnipro
Abyssocottus is a genus of deepwater sculpins endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia.
Species
There are currently three recognized species in this genus:
Abyssocottus elochini Taliev, 1955
Abyssocottus gibbosus L. S. Berg, 1906
Abyssocottus korotneffi L. S. Berg, 1906
References
Abyssocottidae
Scorpaeniformes genera
Fish of Russia
Todd Doldersum is a Canadian voice actor, comedian and puppeteer. He is best known for performing Rocco and Grump in The Bittles. He's also known for voicing Hank Wooka in Nanalan'. He's also known for voicing Doug and many other characters in Mr. Meaty (2005–09). Doldersum also operated and voiced the character Big in the puppet-based series Big & Small (2008–11) and Sporty in Little Robots (2003–05).
Early life
Doldersum was born and raised in Toronto, Ontario.
References
External links
Living people
Canadian male comedians
Canadian male voice actors
Canadian puppeteers
Comedians from Toronto
Male actors from Toronto
1972 births
West Toronto Yard is a small marshalling yard for Canadian Pacific Railway on the Galt Subdivision in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The yard was built in 1882 to relieve stress at the Parkdale Yard and is located near Keele Street and Dundas Street West in The Junction. It was once the main yards for Toronto, but was replaced in that role in April 1964 by the CPR Toronto Yard in Agincourt. The roundhouse was demolished in 1998.
A Rona retail store stands on the site of the former roundhouse and shops. Additional buildings were located along Keele Street such as the car shops, but were demolished for the Keele Centre at 500-530 Keele Street around the 1970s. The turntable from the roundhouse and transfer table from the erecting shops were saved from destruction and relocated to a garden at the back of the Rona property.
Engines from West Toronto formerly served local industry. West Toronto Yard is primary used for storage and classification of CPR's industrial customers in the Guelph - Islington corridor. CPR's premier piggyback service, the Expressway originally was sited at West Toronto, but was relocated to Hornby when volume grew too large.
When West Toronto became overcrowded in 1913, an additional yard was built immediately to the west. Called CPR Lambton Yard, it stretches from Runnymede Road to Scarlett Road. Runnymede Road divides the yards. Plans to build a hump class yard on the expanded site were cancelled around 1950. The search for a new site for a new main and modern hump classification yard eventually resulted in the selection of the Agincourt location.
See also
John Street Roundhouse
CNR Spadina Roundhouse
References
Canadian Pacific Railway facilities
Rail infrastructure in Toronto
Railway turntables
Donal Murphy (1929 – 16 April 2010) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played at club level with Killarney Legion and at inter-county level with the Kerry senior football team. He usually lined out as a defender.
Career
Murphy first came to Gaelic football prominence as a member of the Killarney Legion club, with whom he won a County Championship title in 1946. He later won a Sigerson Cup title with University College Galway in 1949 before winning a second County Championship title with the Dick Fitzgeralds club in 1951. Murphy first appeared on the inter-county scene during a two-year stint with the Kerry minor football team and won an All-Ireland Minor Championship title in 1946. He was drafted onto the Kerry senior football team in 1948, however, his career was blighted by illness. A bout of pleurisy in 1951 necessitated a six-week stay in hospital and left a legacy which would later end his career. Murphy claimed an All-Ireland Championship title in 1953 after a defeat of Armagh in the final. His other honours include six Munster Championship medals and inclusion on the Munster team on a number of occasions. Murphy's inter-county career ended abruptly after the 1955 Munster final when a bout of tuberculosis resulted in a 17-month period of hospitalisation. He returned to club activity with Legion before later winning consecutive County Championship titles with the Clann na nGael club in Kilkenny. Murphy also made an inter-county return as a member of the Kilkenny junior football team in 1964.
Personal life and death
Murphy worked as an agricultural advisor with the Department of Agriculture in Kerry, Limerick and Kilkenny before settling in Castlebar, County Mayo in 1968. He retired from this position in 1988.
Murphy died in Castlebar on 16 April 2010.
Honours
University College Galway
Sigerson Cup: 1949
Killarney Legion
Kerry Senior Football Championship: 1948
Dick Fitzgeralds
Kerry Senior Football Championship: 1951
Clann na nGael
Kilkenny Senior Football Championship: 1963, 1964
Kerry
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship: 1953
Munster Senior Football Championship: 1948, 1950, 1951, 1953, 1954, 1955
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship: 1946
Munster Minor Football Championship: 1946, 1947
References
1929 births
2010 deaths
Killarney Legion Gaelic footballers
Kerry inter-county Gaelic footballers
Kilkenny inter-county Gaelic footballers
Munster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
People from Killarney
Winners of one All-Ireland medal (Gaelic football)
The 2019–20 season is Atlético Tucumán's fifth consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football. In addition to the Primera División, the club are competing in the Copa Argentina, Copa de la Superliga and Copa Sudamericana.
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Review
Pre-season
Cristian Erbes was announced as Atlético Tucumán's first off-season signing on 17 June 2019, as he agreed terms on a move from Nacional of the Paraguayan Primera División. He was followed on the same day by Fabián Monzón, who had been a free agent since leaving Universidad de Chile in mid-2018. José Luis Fernández (Defensa y Justicia) and Dylan Gissi (Patronato) also completed moves in on that day. Mathías Abero departed to Patronato on 19 June, with Juan Cruz Kaprof following him out as he joined Arsenal de Sarandí on 21 June. Their fifth reinforcement became Federico Bravo on 25 June, joining from Patronato. Rodrigo Aliendro was confirmed as their third outgoing player on 27 June, as the central midfielder moved to fellow Primera División outfit Colón.
Later on 27 June, a swap deal with Racing Club was made official as David Barbona switched places with Augusto Lotti and Yonathan Cabral; with Racing also paying $750k. Lotti penned a five-year contract, while Cabral made his loan permanent to sign a four-year deal. Ricardo Zielinski secured his eighth new player on 28 June by completing negotiations with Colón's Gustavo Toledo, which was later revealed to have been part of swap for Rodrigo Aliendro. Numerous loans from the previous campaign expired on 30 June. Franco Sbuttoni made a move to Arsenal de Sarandí on 1 July, while Juan Mercier went to San Martín in the following twenty-four hours. Leonardo Heredia signed on 3 July, coming from Plaza Colonia of the Uruguayan Primera División.
Marcelo Ortiz arrived from Boca Unidos on 6 July, as Claudio Pombo went to Sarmiento. They met Gimnasia y Esgrima (J) went undefeated in two matches on 11 July. On 12 July, Deportes Antofagasta captured Nery Leyes. They suffered losses on 16 July against Vélez Sarsfield. Mauro Osores was loaned by Primera B Nacional's Guillermo Brown on 19 July. Tucumán played Boca Juniors in consecutive friendlies on 18 July, losing by an aggregate of six goals. They again went winless in games with Banfield on 20 July. Ariel Rojas, from San Lorenzo, came on 22 July. Guillermo Acosta, after terminating his contract with Lanús, headed to Tucumán on 25 July; seven months after doing the opposite. Lucas Melano joined on 26 July, having left Portland Timbers on 16 July.
July
Atlético Tucumán hosted Rosario Central on day one of the 2019–20 Primera División, eventually falling to a 1–2 defeat after Leonardo Gil scored the visitor's winner. Gonzalo Castellani signed for Tucumán from San Lorenzo on 30 July. Gervasio Núñez headed off to newly-promoted Central Córdoba on 31 July.
August
Atlético Tucumán experienced consecutive defeats in the Primera División on 3 August, as Central Córdoba beat them at the Estadio Alfredo Terrera. Tucumán met Mitre in two friendlies on 8 August, as they both ended with one-goal wins; Gonzalo Castellani and Jonás Romero scored. After back-to-back games without a win to start the league campaign, Tucumán won their first three points on 19 August during a fixture with Godoy Cruz. A third loss in four matches arrived for Ricardo Zielinski's men on 26 August, as they lost 3–0 away to Aldosivi. José San Román departed to Cypriot football with Nea Salamina on 31 August.
September
Marcelo Ortiz netted in the Primera División against Arsenal de Sarandí on 1 September, which gave Tucumán their second straight home victory on 1 September. Tucumán went through to the round of sixteen in the Copa Argentina on 4 September, defeating Boca Unidos on penalties in the round of thirty-two.
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
Banfield revealed, on 19 June, a friendly match with Atlético Tucumán was to take place in pre-season. Further fixtures, against Vélez Sarsfield and Defensa y Justicia, were released by the club on 24 June. A match with San Salvador de Jujuy's Gimnasia y Esgrima was scheduled on 4 July. Exact details for the Vélez Sarsfield and Banfield games were communicated on 8 July, as an encounter with Boca Juniors was also added; with all matches taking place in Buenos Aires.
Mid-season
Mitre announced friendlies with Atlético Tucumán on 6 August.
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source: AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July.
Copa Argentina
Atlético Tucumán were drawn to face Boca Unidos (Torneo Federal A) in the Copa Argentina round of thirty-two, with the match set for the Estadio Padre Ernesto Martearena in Salta. After progressing, they'd met league rivals Colón.
Copa de la Superliga
Copa Sudamericana
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 5 September 2019.
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Atlético Tucumán seasons
Atlético Tucumán
The Amalgamated Society of Operative Lace Makers and Auxiliary Workers, also known as the Lace Makers' Society, was a trade union representing laceworkers in England.
History
The union was formed in 1874, when the Curtain Lace Trades Society merged with the Levers Lace Trades Society and the Plain Net Trade Society; for many years, the union remained divided into three branches, based on the former societies. It was originally named the Amalgamated Society of Operative Lace Makers, and it saw itself as a revival of the Lacemakers' Union, a short-lived society which had affiliated to the National Association for the Protection of Labour in 1831.
Most of the union's members were in Nottingham and, in the 1890s, it was the largest member of the Nottingham and District Lace Trade Unions Federation. In 1896, the union's general secretary was sacked after he was involved in fraud. He was replaced by William A. Appleton, who ran the union in the style of a guild, with admission fees of up to £15 and benefits including two saloon bars in Nottingham exclusively for members' use, and loans of up to £200 available in order for members to set up their own businesses. Appleton also founded the International Lacemakers' Federation, and affiliated the union to the General Federation of Trade Unions, of which he later became secretary.
Over time, the lace industry became established elsewhere in England, and the union absorbed the Bulwell society, and set up new branches in Beeston, Ilkeston, Southwell and Chard. Membership peaked at 3,361 in 1900, then gradually fell, as the Workers' Union set up rival laceworkers' sections. By 1933, its membership was down to 1,500, but was boosted when the Auxiliary Society of Male Lace Workers and Female Lace Workers' Society merged into it; it adopted a new name as the "Amalgamated Society of Operative Lace Makers and Auxiliary Workers".
In 1963, the union became the Amalgamated Society of Operative Lace Makers and Textile Workers, and the membership declined levelled off, leaving it with 1,200 members by the end of the decade. In 1971, it merged into the National Union of Hosiery and Knitwear Workers.
General Secretaries
1876: G. Marriott
1879: S. Varney
1896: William A. Appleton
1907: Charles Wardle
1928: J. T. Severn
1950: J. E. Flewitt
References
Defunct trade unions of the United Kingdom
Trade unions established in 1874
Trade unions disestablished in 1971
Textile and clothing trade unions
1874 establishments in the United Kingdom
Trade unions based in Nottinghamshire
is a private women's college in Kobe, Hyōgo, Japan. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1940, and it was chartered as a university in 1966.
It has three campuses:
in Sannomiya
on Port Island
in Suma (main campus)
See also
Kobe Women's Junior College
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1940
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
1940 establishments in Japan
Women's universities and colleges in Japan
The 2021 Big 12 Conference women's soccer tournament was the postseason women's soccer tournament for the Big 12 Conference held from October 31 to November 7, 2021. The 7-match tournament was held at the Round Rock Multipurpose Complex in Round Rock, Texas. The 8-team single-elimination tournament consisted of three rounds based on seeding from regular season conference play. The Kansas Jayhawks were the defending champions from 2019. There was no tournament held in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Kansas was unable to defend its title as the team did not qualify for the tournament. TCU won the title by defeating Texas 2–1 in the final. This was the first title in school history for TCU and head coach Eric Bell. As tournament champions, TCU earned the Big 12's automatic berth into the 2021 NCAA Division I Women's Soccer Tournament.
Bracket
Schedule
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Statistics
Goalscorers
All-Tournament team
Source:
* Offensive MVP
^ Defensive MVP
References
Big 12 Conference Women's Soccer Tournament
David Murray (28 December 1829 – 6 January 1907) was a politician in South Australia.
Murray was born in Anstruther, Fife, Scotland, a son of William Murray. He and his brother William Mackintosh Murray (c. 1831 – 25 November 1920) had some experience in the retail and wholesale drapery trade, which included supplying retailers in the young colony of South Australia. In early 1853 the brothers arrived in Adelaide , and began operating a retail drapery store in King William Street, which became the wholesale draper D. & W. Murray Limited, then Goode, Durrant & Murray second in importance only to G. & R. Wills.
Murray was elected to the House of Assembly for East Adelaide on 28 March 1870, serving until 23 December 1871. He represented East Torrens from 27 March 1877 to 13 March 1878. Murray was elected for Yatala on 25 April 1881 but was unseated on 28 June after being found guilty of bribery and corruption within the meaning of the Electoral Act of 1879.
In May 1882 Murray was elected to the South Australian Legislative Council, holding the seat until retiring on 14 April 1891.
Murray was appointed Chief Secretary in the Downer Ministry, in succession to J. B. Spence, in July 1886.
He was a foundation member of the SA Geographical Society and a member of the Caledonian Society of South Australia, and its Chief 1887–1888. He is remembered as a patron of the Arts, having bequeathed a large collection of prints to the Art Gallery of South Australia, together with £3,000 for the establishment of a print room.
On 9 May 1856 he married Rebecca Godfrey, they had a son who died young. In March or April 1902 he left for England on account of the ill health of his wife, and never returned.
References
|-
1829 births
1907 deaths
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council
Australian art patrons
19th-century Australian businesspeople
20th-century Australian businesspeople
Scottish emigrants to colonial Australia
People from Anstruther
Settlers of South Australia
19th-century Australian politicians
Australian book and manuscript collectors
Léon Jonathan was a 19th-century French playwright and chansonnier.
Biography
His plays were presented at the Théâtre Beaumarchais and the Théâtre du Château-d'Eau. He met great success with his plays Pierre Vaux, l'instituteur and Carnot, a 5-act drama given on the stage of the Théâtre de l'Ambigu in 1884. Then no further mention of him is known. It is possible, judging by the contentious parts of his plays that the name was a non yet elucidated pseudonym.
Works
1880 Le Ménétrier de Meudon, opéra comique in 3 acts, with Gaston Marot, music by Germain Laurens
1881: La Convention nationale, drama in 6 acts and 8 tableaux
1882: Pierre Vaux, l'instituteur, drama in 5 acts and 7 tableaux, with Louis Péricaud
1884: Déjeuner du jour de l'an, comédie en vaudeville in 1 act, with Charles Desmarest
1884: Carnot, drama in 5 acts, with Henri Blondeau and William Busnach
undated: Le Réveil du pauvre homme, song
Bibliography
Les milles et une nuits du théâtre, vol.9, 1894, (p. 203) (analyse de la pièce Pierre Vaux, l'instituteur)
Philippe Chauveau, Les théâtres parisiens disparus: 1402-1986, 1999, (p. 144-145)
References
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
Sir Thomas Crossley Rayner (19 April 1860 – 22 May 1914) was a British colonial judge who became Chief Justice of British Guiana.
Early life
He was born the only son of Thomas Rayner, MD of Manchester, England and matriculated from Owen's College, Manchester in 1878. He entered the Inner Temple to study law, was called to the bar in 1882 and worked as a judge on the Northern circuit.
Legal career
He became a District Commissioner in the Gold Coast in 1887, a magistrate in Trinidad in 1891 and briefly Governor of Tobago in 1892, a Puisne Judge in the Gold Coast in 1894 and Chief Justice of Lagos in 1895. He then moved back to the West Indies in 1902 to become Attorney General of British Guiana, where he was elevated in 1912 to the post of Chief Justice.
He was knighted in the 1899 Birthday Honours.
He published The Laws of British Guiana in 1905.
Private life
He was a member of the National Footpaths Preservation Society.
He died in Georgetown, British Guiana in 1914. He had married Agnes Harrison in Manchester in 1889. Their son, Oliver Crossley Rayner, was killed in the first World War.
References
1860 births
1914 deaths
Lawyers from Manchester
Members of the Inner Temple
Chief Justices of British Guiana
19th-century English lawyers
Dharmayudham is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by A. Vincent. The film stars Prem Nazir, Srividya, Kaviyoor Ponnamma and Adoor Bhasi in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Kochaniyan
Nanditha Bose (dubbed by KPAC Lalitha)
Srividya as Sridevi
Kaviyoor Ponnamma
Adoor Bhasi
P. J. Antony
Paravoor Bharathan
Bahadoor
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
S. P. Pillai
Rony Vincent
Philomina as Narayani
Oduvil Unnikrishnan as Avarachan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran and G. Kumarapilla.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by A. Vincent
The 2019–20 NCAA Division III men's ice hockey season began on November 1, 2019, and concluded on March 8, 2020. This was the 47th season of Division III college ice hockey.
Two days before the National Tournament was set to begin, the championship, along with all other NCAA events for the spring semester, was cancelled due to the Coronavirus outbreak.
Regular season
The Commonwealth Coast Conference, following the general trend of other conferences, altered its standings away from the traditional win–loss–tie format. Three points were now awarded for a win, one point for a tie and no points for a loss. The new method used was a convoluted arrangement where a team's conference record would still be recorded based upon the standard NCAA format where wins and losses accrued in the 5-minute 5-on-5 overtime were included in the win column. However, the CCC tracked overtime wins and losses so that if a team won a game in overtime they would receive two points instead of the normal three while if a team lost an overtime game they would receive a point. Teams that recorded a tie would follow a more typical situation where they would receive one additional point for a 3-on-3 overtime win or a shootout win but would not receive any additional points for a loss in either case.
The formula for the points standings were as follows: Points = (wins x 3) + (ties) – (5-on-5 overtime wins) + (5-on-5 overtime losses) + (3-on-3 overtime wins) + (shootout wins)
Season tournaments
Standings
Note: Mini-game are not included in final standings
2020 NCAA Tournament
See also
2019–20 NCAA Division I men's ice hockey season
2019–20 NCAA Division II men's ice hockey season
References
External links
NCAA
Tommy Butterfield (born 1988) is a Papua New Guinean professional rugby league footballer who played for the PNG Hunters and Brisbane Tigers as a in the Queensland Cup .He is a Papua New Guinea international and was previously contracted to the Brisbane Broncos in the National Rugby League.
Early years
Butterfield attended Redcliffe State High School and the University of the Sunshine Coast.
Playing career
Butterfield was a Redcliffe Dolphins junior and played for the Easts Tigers in the Queensland Cup.
In 2012 he was approached by Whitehaven but the club failed to get Rugby Football League approval.
Representative career
Butterfield toured Europe with Papua New Guinea in 2007.
He was named in the Papua New Guinea training squad for the 2008 World Cup, but did not make the final squad.
In 2009 he played for PNG against Australia's Prime Minister's XIII.
In 2010 he played for Australian Universities Rugby League when they toured England and France.
References
External links
Redcliffe Dolphins profile
1988 births
Living people
Eastern Suburbs Tigers players
Papua New Guinea Hunters players
Papua New Guinea national rugby league team players
Papua New Guinean emigrants to Australia
Papua New Guinean rugby league players
People from Milne Bay Province
Redcliffe Dolphins players
Rugby league hookers
University of the Sunshine Coast alumni
Fugu is a pufferfish and the dish prepared from it.
Fugu may also refer to:
Fugu County, Shaanxi, China
Fugu Airport
Fugu (software), an SFTP client
Fugu Plan, a Japanese plan to re-settle European Jews in Asia
Ghanaian smock or fugu, a plaid shirt
Mehdi Zannad, aka Fugu, released an album with A Girl Called Eddy
Fugu Furukawa, a henchman in Evil Genius 2 game.
The Nexus Player, a digital media player developed by Google, codenamed fugu
See also
Fugou County
Fogou, a type of cave-like structure found in Cornwall
Fuku (disambiguation)
The Kneiphof Town Hall () was the town hall of insular Kneiphof, first an independent town and later a quarter of Königsberg, Germany. It served as Königsberg's city hall from 1724 to 1927, after which it became a museum until its destruction in 1944.
The town hall, or Rathaus, was located along Brodbänkenstraße. First documented in 1374, it was renovated in 1387. Political and religious disputes between the Prussian estates and ducal Prussian officials during the 1560s led to involvement by King Sigismund II Augustus of Poland, sovereign of the Duchy of Prussia. On 28 October 1566 Albert I, Duke of Prussia, had the councilors Johann Funck, Matthias Horst, and Hans Schnell beheaded at the town hall's marketplace, with Johann Steinbach and Paul Skalich fleeing the country.
From 1695 to 1697 the town hall received a Baroque restyling with pilasters, bell tower, roof sculptures, and a gilded staircase with a pair of shield-holding bear statues. With the unification of Kneiphof, Altstadt, and Löbenicht into Königsberg in 1724, the Kneiphof Town Hall was chosen as the city hall. In 1838 the building was expanded to the east with three windows. The magister's hall was decorated with a stucco roof by an unknown master. The city council met in the Junkersaal wing. Before the building was a monument of Hans von Sagan.
In 1927 the city administration moved to the Stadthaus in northern Königsberg, with a few departments remaining in Kneiphof. In the same year the painter Eduard Anderson advocated for the creation of the Königsberg City Museum within the town hall, which opened in 1928.
The Kneiphof Town Hall was destroyed in August 1944 during the Bombing of Königsberg in World War II.
See also
Altstadt Town Hall
Löbenicht Town Hall
Stadthaus
References
1374 establishments in Europe
1944 disestablishments in Germany
Baroque architecture in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
City and town halls in Germany
Former buildings and structures in Königsberg
Joanna Zastróżna (born 1972) is a Polish photographer and filmmaker. She graduated in 1997 from the Academy of Fine Arts in Gdańsk. Zastróżna resides in Sopot and in Sidi Ifni.
Life and work
Zastróżna was born in Sopot. She started exhibiting in 1999, showing the series "Messenger" which was her graduation project. Two more series, "Condensation" and "Marocco", followed. Her distinctive technique is to paint over negatives, with extensive usage of color. Sometimes she uses negative montage as well. The style has been described as "an ambience of surrealism" and "artificial reality". The subjects are typically human figures, and Zastróżna is not interested in their realistic depiction but rather in psychological analysis.
Zastrozhna participated in a number of major photographical group exhibitions in Poland in the 2000s and the 2010s. Her works are in the collection of The Museum of Art in Łódź.
In 2013, she directed a short film "Molehill". It was presented at the 19th Busan International Film Festival.
Exhibitions
Solo exhibitions
Messenger, Mała Galeria ZPAF, CSW Zamek Ujazdowski, Warsaw, Poland (1999)
Buby, Messenger, Nadbałtyckie Centrum Kultury, Gdańsk, Poland (2000)
NR2, Replica Art Center, Stockholm, Sweden (2000)
NR3, Państwowa Galeria Sztuki, Sopot, Poland (2001)
NR3 Mała Galeria ZPAF, CSW Zamek Ujazdowski, Warsaw, Poland (2001)
NR3, BWA, Bydgoszcz, Poland (2002)
NR3, FF Gallery, Łódź, Poland (2002)
NR3, Leigh on Sea, Art Trail, the UK (2003)
NR3, Druskininkai, Lithuania (2003)
NR3, Month of Photography, Kraków, Poland (2003)
Zagęszczanie, Państwowa Galeria Sztuki, Sopot, Poland (2004)
Zagęszczanie, Wizytująca Gallery, Warsaw, Poland (2006)
Zagęszczanie, Photography Museum, Saint Petersburg, Russia (2008)
MMK, CSW Zamek Ujazdowski, Warsaw, Poland (2010)
MMK, Państwowa Galeria Sztuki, Sopot, Poland (2011)
MMK, Centrum Kultury ZAMEK, Galeria PF, Poznań, Poland (2013)
Group exhibitions
Jutro jest dziś, Osaka, Nara, and Kyoto, Japan (1999)
Relacje, House of Photography, Poprad, Slovakia (1999)
7th Courant D'Art, Deauville, France (2000)
Przenikanie, Month of photography, Bratislava, Slovakia (2000)
Archipelag, Month of photography, Herten, Germany (2001)
Fotografia polska lat 90. − "Around Decade− Polish Photography of 90's", Muzeum Sztuki Łodzi; Galeria FF; Galeria Pusta, Katowice; Galeria Bielska BWA, Bielsko-Biała, Poland (2002)
Cztery Elementy. Ziemia, Galeria DAP OW ZPAP, Warsaw, Poland (2003)
GlobAll, Woman Kraft Gallery, Tucson, Arizona, USA (2004)
XX w. w fotografii polskiej, Shoto Museum of Art, Tokyo, Japan (2006)
Czas Zapamiętany, CSW Zamek Ujazdowski, Warsaw, Poland (2007)
Forum Fotografii, wystawa na 25lecie Galerii FF, Łódź, Poland (2008)
Festiwal Sztuki ARTLOOP 00, "Wypas" instalacja, Sopot, Poland (2011)
Festiwal Sztuki ARTLOOP 02, "Pralnia Chemiczna" instalacja, Sopot, Poland (2013)
References
1972 births
Living people
20th-century women photographers
20th-century Polish women artists
21st-century women photographers
21st-century Polish women artists
People from Sopot
Polish women photographers
Academy of Fine Arts in Gdańsk alumni
Jamua is a village in Bihiya block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 2,308, in 306 households. It is located just northwest of the town of Bihiya.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
The 1947 Yale Bulldogs baseball team represented the Yale University in the 1947 NCAA baseball season. The Bulldogs played their home games at Yale Field. The team was coached by Ethan Allen in his 2nd season at Yale.
The Bulldogs advanced to the inaugural College World Series, falling to the California Golden Bears two games to none in the best of three series.
Future president George H. W. Bush was a third baseman on the team.
Roster
Schedule
Awards and honors
Bill Howe
All-America First team
References
Yale
Yale Bulldogs baseball seasons
College World Series seasons
Eastern Intercollegiate Baseball League baseball champion seasons
Yale Baseball
Yale
Toma Toke (born Ha'ateiho, 20 June 1985) is a Tongan rugby union footballer. He plays as a prop. His current team is Doncaster Knights.
He was selected for the Tongan squad that entered the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals, playing three matches. He was later chosen for the Tonga autumn European tour. He has currently 12 caps for his national team, with 1 try scored, 5 points on aggregate.
Notes
External links
1985 births
Living people
Tongan rugby union players
Rugby union props
Tonga international rugby union players
Doncaster R.F.C. players
Tongan expatriate rugby union players
Expatriate rugby union players in England
Tongan expatriate sportspeople in England
People from Tongatapu
Hemoglobin subunit gamma-1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the HBG1 gene.
Function
The gamma globin genes (HBG1 and HBG2) are normally expressed in the fetal liver, spleen and bone marrow. Two gamma chains together with two alpha chains constitute fetal hemoglobin (HbF) which is normally replaced by adult hemoglobin (HbA) in the year following birth. In the non-pathological condition known as hereditary persistence of fetal hemoglobin (HPFH), gamma globin expression is continued into adulthood. Also, in cases of beta-thalassemia and related conditions, gamma chain production may be maintained, possibly as a mechanism to compensate for the mutated beta-globin. The two types of gamma chains differ at residue 136 where glycine is found in the G-gamma product (HBG2) and alanine is found in the A-gamma product (HBG1). The former is predominant at birth. The order of the genes in the beta-globin cluster is: 5' - epsilon – gamma-G – gamma-A – delta – beta - 3'.
References
Further reading
External links
Hemoglobins
Melbour (now called Melbourne) is an Argentine brand of cigarettes, which is currently manufactured by Espert S.A. Tabacalera, a local division of Imperial Tobacco. The cigarettes are made from Virginia, Burley and Stern type tobaccos.
Overview
The production of Melbour cigarettes began in 2002, the year of the inauguration of the first floor of the Tabacalera company, founded by Carlos Daniel Tomeo.
In 2015, Philip Morris USA filed a lawsuit against Espert S.A. because of the brand name Melbour due to its similar and thus, confusing name. The company however, demonstrated it had acquired de facto rights in the local market. In the end however, the company agreed to change the name of the brand from Melbour to Melbourne to clear up any further controversies.
Products
Melbour Full Flavor
Melbour Lights
See also
Cigarette
Tobacco smoking
References
External links
Imperial Brands brands
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Maralal () is a diocese located in the city of Maralal in the Ecclesiastical province of Nyeri in Kenya.
History
15 June 2001: Established as Diocese of Maralal from Diocese of Marsabit
Leadership
Bishops of Maralal
Virgilio Pante, I.M.C. (15 June 2001 – 20 July 2022)
Hieronymus Joya, I.M.C. (20 July 2020 – present)
bishop elect
See also
Roman Catholicism in Kenya
References
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in Kenya
Christian organizations established in 2001
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 21st century
2001 establishments in Kenya
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Nyeri
Aponchiidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Monhysterida.
Genera:
Aponchium Cobb, 1920
Metalaimoides
Synonema Cobb, 1920
References
Nematodes
Aleixo Corte-Real (1886 – May 1943), better known under the name of Dom Aleixo Timorese, was a noble Timorese chieftain (régulo) and a Portuguese hero during World War II.
Biography
Dom Aleixo was born in Soro, Ainaro, Portuguese Timor. His birth name was Nai-Sesu. Corte-Real was the cousin of Nai-Cau, during the rebellion of Manufahi stood on the side of Portugal. Here Aleixo already fought 1911-1912 on the part of the Portuguese against Boaventura, the Liurai of Manufahi. Dom Aleixo become the Liurai of Ainaro after 1912. In 1931 he converted to the Catholic faith and was baptized. In 1934 he represented Portuguese Timor at the Grand Colonial Exhibition in Porto. In 1942 Japan occupied the island of Timor. Australia began to organize resistance against the Japanese and built it on the support of the local population. However, there was also the Colunas Negras (the black columns): Timorese militiamen who terrorized the civilian population for the Japanese by the end of the occupation. Dom Aleixo Corte-Real led a major revolt against the Japanese. In 1943, he was surrounded by the Colunas Negras and regular Japanese troops. He fought until the ammunition ran out and was captured. Shortly thereafter, Aleixo and his family were shot because he remained faithful to the Portuguese regime and the Portuguese flag.
On October 30, 1946, he was made Commander of the Military Order of Torre e Espada, of Valor, Loyalty and Merit posthumously. At the district headquarters in Ainaro a monument was erected to this Timorese hero that is still in good condition. The Dom Aleixo Subdistrict in the Dili district was named in his honor. A series of banknotes of 2000$00, 50$00, 100$00, 500$00 and 1000$00 escudos from Portuguese Timor were printed with his image.
See also
Battle of Timor
Literature
Humberto Leitão, O Régulo Timorense D. Aleixo Corte-Real Edição do Corpo de Estudos da História da Marinha, 1979.
References
1886 births
1943 deaths
Converts to Roman Catholicism from pagan religions
East Timorese people of Portuguese descent
East Timorese Roman Catholics
People from Ainaro District
Haplogroup G may refer to:
Haplogroup G (mtDNA), a human mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) haplogroup
Haplogroup G-M201, a human Y-chromosome (Y-DNA) haplogroup
Borovno is a village in the Plzeň Region (Plzeňský kraj), western Bohemia, the Czech Republic. Located on southwestern slopes of the Brdy hills 582 m. above sea-level. Main road connecting Plzeň with Tábor runs through the village, other minor roads connect Borovno with Číčov (in the direction of Rokycany) and Nové Mitrovice. Extensive forest covers most area south and east of Borovno, making it an attractive tourist destination.
Demography
The population of the settlement is 92 (data from 2007). The village has been losing its population steadily. By the end of 18th century Borovno had population of 231. ).
History
The village of Borovno was mentioned as early as 14th century and the settlement was founded by the family of "z Rožmitálu". The name derives from the Czech word "borovice" (pine), hinting at the vegetation of local forest at the time of founding of Borovno. In 1945, at the end of World War II, Borovno was liberated by American troops who stopped their advance here. In the second half of 20th century, main Plzeň-Tábor road was redirected through Borovno, substituting for earlier route of this road (via Mirošov (Rokycany District) and Padrť) that had to be abandoned due to creation of closed military area in Brdy. In the post-1968 era Soviet occupation troops were stationed in the military area, in proximity of Borovno. From 1979 to 1990 Borovno was merged with the town of Spálené Poříčí. Since 1991 the village had its own administration again.
References
Villages in Plzeň-South District
The Tanzanian red-billed hornbill (Tockus ruahae) is a species of hornbill in the family Bucerotidae. It is found in central Tanzania. All five red-billed hornbills were formerly considered conspecific.
Description
Tanzanian red-billed hornbills (Tockus ruahae) are small hornbills in the group of the red-billed hornbills. They have curved, bright red bills that end in a small dot of dark orange. Their sclera can vary from light orange to dark yellow and their pupils are usually dark black. Like most species of hornbills, they support medium-sized circles of black skin around their eyes, both in females and males. They have greyish-white necks and bellies and their wings, like all red billed hornbills, have large and small spots of white surrounded by black feathers. Their tail feathers are long and black on the exterior and white on the interior.
Distribution
Tanzanian red-billed hornbills can be found in central Tanzania. They are usually found resting or nesting in trees in forests or savannahs where their food is plentiful.
Gallery
References
Kemp, A.C. and W. Delport. 2002. Comments on the status of subspecies in the red-billed hornbill (Tockus erythrorhynchus) complex (Aves: Bucerotidae), with the description of a new taxon endemic to Tanzania. Annals of the Transvaal Museum 39: 1–8.
Delport, W., A.C. Kemp, and J.W.H. Ferguson. 2004. Structure of an African Red-billed Hornbill (Tockus erythrorhynchus rufirostris and T. e. damarensis) hybrid zone as revealed by morphology, behavior, and breeding biology. Auk 121: 565–586.
Tanzanian red-billed hornbill
Endemic birds of Tanzania
Tanzanian red-billed hornbill
Ivan Ivanovich Okhlobystin (; born 22 July 1966) is a Russian actor, director, screenwriter, and former Orthodox priest. He is currently defrocked by the ministry of the Russian Orthodox Church and barred from the priesthood. He is the creative director of the company Baon.
Early life
Ivan Ivanovich Okhlobystin was born on 22 July 1966 in the recreation center "Polenovo" (Zaoksky District of the Tula Oblast), where his father, Ivan Ivanovich Okhlobystin, was a military doctor, and a participant in World War II. He was then 62 years old, and worked as the head physician at Polenovo. His mother, Albina Ivanovna Stavitskaya, (Okhlobystina by her first marriage) (maiden name Belyaeva), was an engineer-economist. She was then a 19-year-old student. His mother remarried to Anatoly Stavitsky, and Ivan had a brother Stanislav Stavitsky. For some time the family lived in a village near Maloyaroslavets in the Kaluga Oblast, afterwards they all moved to Moscow.
After graduation, he entered the directing faculty at VGIK. Ivan studied on the same course with many future luminaries of Russian cinema: Tigran Keosayan, Bakhtiyar Khudoynazarov, Fyodor Bondarchuk, Aleksandr Bashirov, Rashid Nugmanov and others. On the parallel course (at the screenwriting faculty) Renata Litvinova, Roman Kachanov and others were studying at that time. Subsequently, Ivan continued the friendship and cooperation which began at the institute with many of them.
Without graduating, he was drafted into the army. After serving in the rocket forces in Rostov-on-Don, he reinstated himself at the institute. There he completely immersed himself in public work and was elected secretary of the Union of Cinematographers of the USSR. In 1992 he graduated from the directing department of VGIK (workshop of Igor Talankin).
Career
1990s — present day
Okhlobystin's career began with the picture "The Leg" by Nikita Tyagunov, which was released on the screens in 1991, he received the prize as best actor at the festival "Molodost-1991" (because of superstitious reasons he was credited under the pseudonym of Ivan Chuzhoy). The first script written by Ivan Okhlobystin - for the film "The Freak" directed by Roman Kachanov - was nominated for the prestigious award "Green Apple, Gold Leaf". The first full-length director's work of Okhlobystin - "Arbiter" with a soundtrack featuring the bands Piknik and "Obermaneken" - was awarded the Kinotavr award in the category "Films for the Elect". In 1997, Okhlobystin acted in the movie Mama Don't Cry in an episodic role of a bandit.
At the same time Okhlobystin took part in theatrical productions. On February 16, 1996, in the Moscow Art Theater premiered a theatre piece based on his play "The Villain, or Cry of the Dolphin" staged by Mikhail Efremov. In the same Moscow Art Theater, a second theatre piece of Okhlobystin was staged: "Maximilian the Stylite", in 1999 the director Roman Kachanov adapted the play about the new-born seer for film and released it under the title of "Maximilian". In the late 1990s, Ivan wrote for the magazine "Stolitsa" but soon left the publication, because as he said, it turned into a "brothel", then worked in the staff of the weekly "Vesti".
In 1999 Ivan Okhlobystin acted in the popular crime-comedy 8 ½ $ directed by Grigori Konstantinopolsky together with Fyodor Bondarchuk.
Work in the cinema continued in 2000 with the cult film Demobbed, the script to which Okhlobystin wrote in co-authorship with the film's director Kachanov; the plot of the film was partly based on Okhlobystin's own memories of service in the army. In 2001, based on his own screenplay, the same director shot one more comedy - Down House.
In addition, he was the screenwriter of the philosophical drama Garbage Man (2001) directed by Georgi Shengelia.
Between 2010 and 2016 he played the cynical head of the therapy department Andrey Bykov, in the medical sitcom Interns which aired on TNT.
In 2017 he starred in comedy-drama Bird about a rock musician who becomes friends with a girl suffering from tuberculosis.
Political and religious views
Okhlobystin became popular in the late 1990s but, following a religious conversion, withdrew to a monastery and became a Russian Orthodox priest. Patriarch Kirill removed Okhlobystin from the priesthood in February 2010, banning him wearing priestly vestments and the cross. In early 2010, Ivan resumed his entertainment career. Later that year he was named the creative director of Euroset, Russia's largest handset retailer.
On 5 September 2011 he announced that he would run for President of Russia in 2012 through the "Sky Coalition", but later gave up the idea, citing the opinion of the Russian Orthodox Church.
Appearing in RTVi's (Echo Moskvy's) Without Fools broadcast on 2 December 2012, Okhlobystin declared himself to be a "national-patriot" and claimed to "know" that "in the year when the head of State and the head of Church in Russia will both die", he will become the next President of the new Russian Empire. Saying "the Russian people will vote for me, and the Russian Church will anoint me," he stated that he would immediately put up a new Iron Wall around Russia and start a campaign of "cleansing" in order to "rebuild the Russian nation."
Okhlobystin is known for his homophobic views. In December 2013, he said that he wanted to "burn homosexuals alive," describing them as a "constant threat to his children," and that he could not watch this "Sodom and Gomorrah" any longer.
In July 2014, a "creative evening" with Okhlobystin in the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv was cancelled "due to anti-Ukrainian statements by Okhlobystin." In November 2014, Okhlobystin visited Donetsk and declared his support for Novorussia. He said he was banned entry to Ukraine but considered Donetsk to be part of Novorussia. He is also banned from entering Latvia and Estonia, and all films and TV series which feature him are banned in Ukraine.
Personal life
He has been married since 1995 to actress Oksana Okhlobystina (née Arbuzova) and has six children.
Selected filmography
As actor
Leg (1992) Guardsmith
Three Stories (1997)
Mama Don't Cry (1998)
8 ½ $ (1999)
Demobbed (2000)
Down House (2001)
Tsar (2009)
Moscow, I Love You! (2010)
Interns (2010–2016) series
Office Romance. Our Time (2011)
Generation P (2011) (Malyuta)
Kiss through a Wall (2011) (wandering magician)
Nightingale the Robber (2012) (Sevastyan Grigorievich "Nightingale" Solovyov)
Bird (2017) (Oleg Ptitsyn)
Wild League (2019) (Yasha)
Nedetsky dom (2022) (Andrey Mast)
Voice roles
Rango (2011) (Rattlesnake Jake, voice, Russian language dub)
Ivan Tsarevich and the Gray Wolf (2011) (The King, voice)
The Snow Queen (2012) (The troll Orm, voice)
Ivan Tsarevich and the Gray Wolf 2 (2013) (The King, voice)
The Snow Queen 2: The Snow King (2015) (The troll Orm, voice)
Ivan Tsarevich and the Gray Wolf 3 (2016) (The King, voice)
As director
Moscow, I love you! (2010)
As screenwriter
Demobbed (2000)
Down House (2001)
Paragraph 78 (2007)
The House of the Sun (2010)
Moscow, I Love You! (2010)
References
External links
Ivan Okhlobystin at the Forbes
1966 births
Living people
Russian film directors
Russian male film actors
Russian male television actors
20th-century Russian male actors
21st-century Russian male actors
Russian Eastern Orthodox priests
People from Zaoksky District
21st-century Eastern Orthodox priests
Russian screenwriters
Russian journalists
Russian television presenters
Russian radio personalities
Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography alumni
Russian nationalists
Cilag AG is a Swiss pharmaceutical company. Cilag is a subsidiary of American pharmaceutical giant Johnson & Johnson. The company's global marketing activities are operated by Janssen-Cilag, a merger with another Johnson & Johnson subsidiary, Janssen Pharmaceuticals.
Company history
In 1933, Swiss chemist Bernhard Joos set up a small research laboratory in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. This set the basis for the founding of Chemische Industrie-Labor AG (Chemical Industry Laboratory AG or Cilag) on 12 May 1936.
The first president of Cilag's administrative board was Carl Naegeli, a well-known professor at the Chemical Institute of the University of Zurich. After the death of Naegeli in 1942, Joos himself then took over the managing role until he left the company in 1949.
In 1959, Cilag joined the Johnson & Johnson family of companies.
In the early 1990s, the marketing organizations of Cilag and Janssen Pharmaceuticals were joined to form Janssen-Cilag. The non-marketing activities of both companies still operate under their original name.
Cilag continues to have operations under the Cilag name in Switzerland, ranging from research and development through manufacturing and international services.
In August 2014 Cilag acquired Covagen a biopharmaceutical company which specialises in the development of multi-specific protein based therapeutics. As part of the acquisition Cilag will gain access to Covagen's lead drug candidate, COVA 322, a bi-specific anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha/anti-interleukin (IL)-17A FynomAb, is in a Phase Ib study for psoriasis.
Product history
Joos' first discovery was pyridazil, an azo dyestuff derived from pyridine, which is an analgesic for the urinary tract. By 1952 Joos had discovered seven new chemical compounds and developed them into new products.
The company's research and development record covers discoveries and developments in the fields of biotechnology, central nervous system, women's health, dermatology, anti-infectives and immunology.
See also
List of pharmaceutical companies
Pharmaceutical industry in Switzerland
References
External links
Cilag AG
Swiss companies established in 1936
Pharmaceutical companies established in 1936
Pharmaceutical companies of Switzerland
Johnson & Johnson subsidiaries
1959 mergers and acquisitions
Deadfall is a 1968 British neo noir crime film written and directed by Bryan Forbes and starring Michael Caine, Eric Portman, Giovanna Ralli and Forbes's wife Nanette Newman, with music by John Barry in his final collaboration with Forbes. Barry also plays a musical conductor in the film. It is based on Desmond Cory's 1965 thriller and shot in and around Majorca, Spain. The film's theme song, "My Love Has Two Faces", was performed by Shirley Bassey.
Plot
Cat burglar Henry Clarke (Michael Caine) checks himself into a Spanish sanatorium for alcoholics under a false pretence. His true motivation is to get closer to a wealthy patient named Salinas (David Buck) and then rob his magnificent house.
Clarke is approached by Fé Moreau (Giovanna Ralli) and her much older husband, Richard (Eric Portman), to form an alliance. As a test run before the real robbery, they break into another stately home. After risking his life on a ledge, Clarke becomes so angered by Richard's failure to crack the safe that, with great effort, he drags the entire safe and its contents out of the house.
Fé and Clarke begin a romantic affair, which Richard, who has a young male lover, does not discourage. Fé buys a new Jaguar convertible for Clarke and tells him the safe contained jewels worth at least $500,000.
Before the time comes to rob Salinas's mansion, Fé travels to Tangier without letting Clarke know she was leaving. Richard then tells Clarke a harrowing tale of how he once betrayed his male lover to the Nazis and later impregnated the man's wife. Their baby was Fé, but, choosing not to tell her that she was his daughter, Richard married her.
A contemptuous Clarke decides to break into Salinas's mansion on his own. Fé returns and is shocked when a suicidal and depressed Richard reveals the truth about their relationship. She races to the Salinas mansion and inadvertently alerts a guard, who shoots Clarke coming out a window. He falls to his death.
Fé attends a funeral. Afterwards, she is led off by police while Richard's Homosexual lover drives off in Clarke's car.
Cast
Michael Caine as Henry Clarke
Giovanna Ralli as Fe
Eric Portman as Moreau
Nanette Newman as The Girl
Vladek Sheybal as Dr. Delgado
Emilio Rodríguez as Police Captain (as Emilio Rodriguez)
David Buck as Salinas
Carmen Dene as Masseuse
Geraldine Sherman as Receptionlist
Leonard Rossiter as Fillmore
Red Howell as Spanish Chauffeur
John Barry as Orchestra Conductor
Renata Tarragó as Solo Guitarist (as Renata Tarrago)
Carlos Pierre as Antonio
Santiago Rivero as Armed Guard
Reception
The movie received a positive review in the New York Times.
Box office
According to Fox records the film required $5,350,000 in rentals to break even and by 11 December 1970 had made $2,575,000 so made a loss to the studio.
Soundtrack
"My Love Has Two Faces," Music by John Barry, Lyrics by Jack Lawrence, Sung by Shirley Bassey
"Romance for Guitar and Orchestra," Composed and conducted by John Barry, Performed by Renata Tarragó
"Beat Girl," Composed by John Barry
References
External links
1968 films
1968 crime drama films
1960s romantic drama films
1968 LGBT-related films
1960s heist films
British crime drama films
British romantic drama films
British heist films
Films based on British novels
Films directed by Bryan Forbes
Films scored by John Barry (composer)
Films shot at Pinewood Studios
LGBT-related romantic drama films
1960s English-language films
1960s British films
bg:Примка
de:Deadfall
nl:Deadfall
The 2016 Okolo Slovenska () was a six-day cycling stage race that took place in Slovakia in June 2016. The race is the 60th edition of the Okolo Slovenska. It was rated as a 2.2 event as part of the 2016 UCI Europe Tour. The race included five stages+Prologue, starting in Banská Bystrica on 7 June and returning there for the finish on 12 June in Piešťany.
Schedule
Participating teams
Twenty-four (24) team participated in the 2016 edition of the Okolo Slovenska.
Stages
Prologue
7 June 2016 – Banská Bystrica, , individual time trial (ITT)
Stage 1
8 June 2016 – Banská Bystrica to Banská Bystrica via (Sliač),
Stage 2
9 June 2016 – Banská Bystrica to Štrbské Pleso,
Stage 3
10 June 2016 – Štrbské Pleso to Zuberec,
Stage 4
11 June 2016 – Zuberec to Bojnice,
Stage 5
12 June 2016 – Bojnice to Piešťany,
Classification leadership table
Final standings
General classification
Points classification
Mountains classification
Young riders classification (U23)
Best Slovak rider classification
Team classification
References
External links
Official website
Okolo Slovenska 2016
Okolo Slovenska
Okolo Slovenska
Okolo Slovenska
Joseph T. Gardi (March 2, 1939 – June 2, 2010) was an American football coach. He served as the head football coach at Hofstra University for 16 seasons, from 1990 to 2005, compiling a record of 119–62–2.
Early life
Gardi was raised in Harrison, New Jersey where he attended Harrison High School. While there, he was named a first-team all-state offensive guard as a senior in 1955.
He attended the University of Maryland, where he played football from 1959 to 1960 as an offensive tackle and linebacker. He served as a team co-captain and received the Unsung Hero Award. He graduated with a bachelor of science degree in business administration.
In 1960, he was signed by the Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL). He played in two pre-season games before being released. In 1961, he attended camp with the Buffalo Bills, but did not make the team.
Coaching career
High school
In 1964, he was hired as the head football coach for the Oratory Preparatory School in Summit, New Jersey. The team had lost 37 consecutive games prior to Gardi's arrival. In his first season, they again recorded a winless season with a 0–9 record. The following years he compiled 6–3 and 5–4 seasons, for a combined 11–16 record. In 1967, he took over as head coach at Roselle Park High School. That team had not secured a winning season in the previous decade. In his first season Gardi's team compiled a 2–7 record, followed by 6–3 and 9–0 records. In 1969, he coached the team to the New Jersey state championship.
Maryland
In 1970, Gardi returned to his alma mater to assume the roles of assistant head coach for the freshman team and recruiting coordinator. That year, he was responsible for recruiting future star quarterback, Bob Avellini. In 1972, he was promoted to the offensive line coach. In 1973, after new head coach Jerry Claiborne took over at Maryland, he retained Gardi and moved him to wide receivers coach.
Professional football
In 1974, Gardi began a tenure in the short-lived World Football League. He served as a running backs coach, special teams coach, and interim head coach for the Philadelphia Bell. In 1975, he served as head coach for the Portland Thunder for three games before the league disbanded.
Gardi then served from 1976 to 1984 as an assistant coach for the New York Jets in the NFL. In 1976, he was special teams and tight ends coach under head coach Lou Holtz. Gardi served as special teams and linebackers coach from 1977 to 1980. In 1981 and 1982, he was the defensive coordinator under head coach Walt Michaels. In his first year running the defense, the Jets allowed 304 yards per game, a conference best, and posted 66 tackles, the highest in the NFL. The following season, the Jets participated in the AFC Championship Game, where they lost to the Miami Dolphins. In 1983, Gardi was also named assistant head coach to Joe Walton.
From 1985 to 1990, Gardi served as an NFL assistant supervisor of officials, which included training and supervision of the league's officiating staff.
Hofstra
He returned to coaching in 1990 when he took the head position at Hofstra University. In his first season, he led his team to a 10–0 regular season and advanced to the Division III playoffs, where they lost in the semifinals. In 1991, Hofstra began the transition process to Division I-AA competition, and played six I-AA opponents and recorded an 8–2 record. The following season they played seven I-AA opponents and compiled a 4–6 record. The 1993 season was Hofstra's first as a full-fledged Division I team, and Gardi's team posted a 6–3–1 record. In 1994, they finished 8–1–1 and were ranked 22nd in the nation. In 1995, Hofstra lost in the first round of the playoffs to finish with a 10–2 record and a number-ten national ranking. In both 1998 and 1999, Hofstra again advanced to the I-AA quarterfinals, and finished with a fifth and seventh ranking, respectively. Hofstra was an Atlantic 10 Conference co-championship and top-ten ranked team in 2001. The 2005 season was Gardi's last and he finished his career at Hofstra having compiled a 119–62–2 record.
Later life
Gardi was inducted into the Suffolk Sports Hall of Fame on Long Island in the Basketball Category with the Class of 2000. He retired from coaching for good after the 2005 season. Gardi died on June 3, 2010 from complications related to an earlier stroke. During his coaching career, he had helped develop future NFL players such as Wayne Chrebet, Lance Schulters, Marques Colston, Willie Colon, and Raheem Morris.
Head coaching record
College
References
1939 births
2010 deaths
American football linebackers
American football offensive guards
American football offensive tackles
Buffalo Bills players
Hofstra Pride football coaches
Maryland Terrapins football coaches
Maryland Terrapins football players
National Football League defensive coordinators
New York Jets coaches
Philadelphia Bell coaches
Portland Thunder (WFL) coaches
Washington Redskins players
High school football coaches in New Jersey
People from Harrison, New Jersey
Sportspeople from Hudson County, New Jersey
Coaches of American football from New Jersey
Players of American football from New Jersey
American people of Italian descent
Victoria Vola (August 27, 1916 – July 21, 1985) was an American actress. She was best known for her portrayal of Edith Miller on both the radio and television runs of Mr. District Attorney.
Early years
Vola was born in Denver, Colorado. Living with an Italian mother and a French father who spoke five languages, she grew up in Denver and was herself fluent in five languages at age 14. She attended a Denver ballet school and studied the violin as a pupil of Hungarian violinist Leopold Auer. She paid for acting lessons by working summer vacations as a grocery store cashier. After appearing in a high school play, she joined a stock company touring in the Denver area. She graduated from a Colorado Springs, Colorado, high school in 1931.
Early career
Vola began a Little Theater, and they presented "A Child Is Born", a Christmas program, on KVOR in 1931. After seeking an audition with a Denver radio station in 1932, she began working on KLZ there in 1933. She acted on Gloria Gale and Doctor Kate on KGO in San Francisco in addition to performing in theater there and in radio and theater in Los Angeles. While in Los Angeles, Vola assembled a company of actors that gained a six-month contract with KFI. That success led to a three-year contract with a syndicator of transcribed radio program to produce religious dramas.
Life in Hollywood
Arriving in Hollywood during the mid-1930s, she was heard on a variety of shows, including The First Nighter Program, Bing Crosby's Kraft Music Hall, Radio Theater, Calling All Cars, Strange as It Seems and the Joe Penner Show. She played opposite Boris Karloff in NBC radio adaptations of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Death Takes a Holiday. During those same years, she appeared on stage in several productions, including Romeo and Juliet. Saturday Murder and White Collars.
She played Carol Manning on Foreign Assignment on Mutual (1943–1944).
NBC in San Francisco
Relocating to San Francisco in 1936, she was heard from NBC's San Francisco studios on such shows as Hal Burdick's Dr. Kate, Winning the West, Junior News and Tales of California. From 1939–40 she had the title role in the daytime drama Brenda Curtis while also appearing in another soap opera, Manhattan Mother. During the 1940s, she was heard in The Adventures of Christopher Wells and as Shanghai Lil on Jungle Jim, plus roles on The Cisco Kid, Yours Truly, Johnny Dollar and The Fat Man.
Films and television
In 1945, she was a narrator for Universal Newsreel. On television, she appeared in Search for Tomorrow, Mr. District Attorney, Armstrong Circle Theatre, Omnibus, Escape (1950) and Love Is a Many Splendored Thing (1970).
Other professional activities
Vola served four consecutive terms as vice president of the New York local of the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists, after which she was elected president of the national organization for 1963-1965.
References
1916 births
1985 deaths
Actresses from Denver
American film actresses
American people of French descent
American people of Italian descent
American stage actresses
American television actresses
20th-century American actresses
American radio actresses
Presidents of the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists
Callimetopus samarensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Vives in 2012.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 2012
Scape Martinez, born Edward Martinez in Newark, New Jersey and raised in the San Francisco Bay Area, is an artist and writer known for his abstract paintings and his graffiti art. The name Scape stands for Screaming Creative And Positive Energy. He currently lives and works in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Career
Martinez began his career as a graffiti artist in the Bay Area in the late 1980s and early 1990s. In the late 1990s Martinez transitioned from street art to studio painting using spray paint and acrylics to create large scale abstract paintings.
Martinez has also recently completed a large digital mural project for the City of San Jose, CA, fabricated by SPARC (Social and Public Art Resource Center).
Martinez is also a founding partner of the internet start-up TapSmack.com.
Books
In 2009, Martinez wrote the book "GRAFF The Art and Technique of Graffiti", published by IMPACT Books. This book is the first "how-to" for graffiti art. The book is a guide on how to create graffiti art. Elements of graffiti style are presented in sequence, with successive images showing the development and variations of forms and styles. In 2011 Martinez wrote a sequel, "Graff 2: Next Level Graffiti Techniques" as a follow up to the earlier title with more emphasis on developing style as an artist. In 2012, Martinez published a "Graff Color Workbook" as a follow up.
In 2013, Martinez authored his fourth book "COLORMASTER". The book is a breakdown of how Martinez uses color in his current work, with a focus on abstract expressionism.
References
External links
TapSmack.com
Artists from the San Francisco Bay Area
American graffiti artists
Abstract painters
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lusitaniosomatidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. Adult millipedes in this family have 30 segments (counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last).
Genera:
Lusitaniosoma Schubart, 1953
References
Chordeumatida
The saffron toucanet (Pteroglossus bailloni) is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae found in the Atlantic Forest in far north-eastern Argentina, south-eastern Brazil, and eastern Paraguay.
Taxonomy and systematics
This species' scientific name honors Louis Antoine François Baillon. The saffron toucanet was originally described in the genus Ramphastos and has also been placed in the genus Andigena by some authorities. It was formerly placed in the monotypic genus Baillonius, but Kimura et al. (2004) were able to show that the saffron toucanet belongs in the genus Pteroglossus.
In a later study, it was later confirmed by analyzing the molecular sequence of the saffron by Pereira et al. (2008). The finding was supported by vocalization and anatomical characteristics that were similar to other Pteroglossus species.
Alternate names include Baillon's toucan, banana toucan, saffron-colored araçari and yellow toucanet.
Description
It is a relatively long-tailed toucan with a total length of 35–40 cm (14–16 in). As suggested by its common name, it is, uniquely among toucans, overall saffron yellow. The back and tail are darker, more olive in color. The rump, ocular skin and patches on the basal half of the otherwise greenish-horn bill are red. The iris is pale yellowish.
This species is dimorphic, meaning that males and females have distinguished looks from each other. The adult male has a golden head and breast, olive mantle (the wings, shoulder feathers and back) and red rump. They have a modestly sized bill, with green, grey blue, and yellowish-grey color all along it. Adult females are similar to the male but have more olive and less gold coloration; they also have a shorter bill. A young toucanet is mostly olive and grey colored, with brown eyes and a blotchy bill.
Distribution and habitat
The saffron is found in the Atlantic Forest. The viridis group, a superspecies group that includes the saffron, was separated from the other Pteroglossus group around 3 million years ago. The topologies observed in the study showed the saffron toucanet as a member of the Pteroglossus viridis group instead of a sister lineage to all other Pteroglossus. The saffron is separated from the other species in the viridis group by the Brazilian savanna biome. It is thought that this species is part of an ancient stock that became isolated in the current Atlantic Forest from marine transgression and were not able to adapt and invade the Brazilian savanna.
It depends on forested habitats to survive. One study investigated whether species endemic to the Atlantic forest and with small geographic ranges were more vulnerable to forest fragmentation. This species was found to be “endemic and high sensitivity” to the fragmentation, meaning that since they are native to the land, they are more likely to be affected by the split. It was found that species at the edges of their ranges were sensitive to fragmentation as well. This may be due to fewer nearby populations for species to move to once their local populations were lost.
Behavior and ecology
The saffron is a large-gape frugivore. Due to their nature, they are especially crucial for plants with larger seeds to disperse themselves to further areas. They are one of the few birds that are capable of carrying larger seeds to new locations. One study suggests that there is a strong association between species' contribution to network modularity and species' number of interactions. Species with many links tend to establish interactions both within and among environments and to exhibit a greater contribution to nestedness.
On average, species that contribute more to network organization, like the saffron, are at a higher risk of extinction. Without a connection between certain species of plant, there may be ecological and evolutionary consequences such as co-extinction.
Breeding
The saffron toucanet has been observed making nests beginning in October. The highest numbers of active nests were recorded in November. Their nests had a cavity depth of 68.0cm, an entrance diameter of 7.4cm, and a cavity height of 24.0meters. Due to their small size, they do not need large cavities for their nests and they do not need to compete with other species for suitable spots. They prefer making their nests in living trees such as the Garapa (Apuleia leiocarpa) and the Aspidosperma australe. The diameter at breast height (DBH) was between 132cm. They do not tend to reuse the same cavities for their nests.
Courtship for these birds involves the male singing and feeding the female. They will preen each other. The female will lay two or three eggs that are incubated by both parents for about 16days.
Food and feeding
The diet of the saffron mainly consists of fruit, like figs and palm fruits. They have also been noted to eat young birds. In one study, a saffron toucanet was observed entering a red-rumped cacique nest, removing the nest contents by swallowing them, and flew away. All of this occurred within 30 seconds. It is thought that their smaller bodies helped them be able to perch on the nest, enter and exit quickly. Another study saw one unsuccessfully attempt to attack the nest of a White-spotted Woodpecker.
Status
It is threatened by habitat loss, degradation, hunting, and being captured. They are currently considered Near Threatened by BirdLife International. It occurs in several protected areas, such as the Itatiaia National Park and Intervales State Park; both in south-eastern Brazil.
Threats
Chlamydophila psittaci, a parasitic agent that can be passed between avian species, was specifically studied in the saffron toucanet, along with several of its other relatives. It has been reported in many species of wild birds; however, physical symptoms are not prevalent with this disease. Lack of symptoms can therefore make this disease easier to spread to other birds and to humans. In the saffron, it had antibodies made to fight against this disease. There is a lack of study concerning the toucanet in veterinary literature, so there is an interest in further study.
In São Paulo Zoo Foundation, the hemoparasite microfilarie was found in one of the saffrons tested. Otherwise, there were no infections of enteroparasites found in the species. It is important to note that birds that are in captivity are more likely to contract a disease than wild birds, so they should be tested regularly.
Along with parasitic dangers, the species must endure man made threats. They are a popular choice for the illegal bird trade. They are also in danger from being hunted by humans. Due to deforestation, they are prone to local extinction in smaller forest fragments. Managers are working to reduce the loss of biodiversity with their large reserves.
Conservation
As of 1995, there is only 6% of the Atlantic Forest still alive, with at least 214 endemic species and around 46 species under threat of global extinction. It is therefore extremely important to focus a large amount of conservation efforts here. Food is also being negatively impacted thanks to human intervention. The saffron, along with other species of bird, eats the palmito fruit as a part of its diet. Recently, the palmito industry has boomed, which could impact the dietary habits of the toucanet.
The Fifth Neotropical Ornithological Congress is raising awareness for the conservation of Paraguay forest. Other conservation initiatives like the Private Nature Reserves are growing more popular but are still in need of publicity and financial support. Although they focus mainly on parrots, the World Parrot Trust is educating the public about the importance of conservation in Paraguay and other similarly affected areas.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Mangoverde Photos of the Saffron Toucanet
saffron toucanet
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Southeastern South American coastal fauna
Near threatened animals
Near threatened biota of South America
saffron toucanet
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Zachow may refer to:
Places
Czachów, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, (German: Zachow) is a village in north-western Poland
Zachow, Wisconsin, is an unincorporated community located in Shawano County, Wisconsin, United States
People
Friedrich Wilhelm Zachow (1663–1712), German musician and composer
Air Canada Rouge, rouge meaning "red" in French, is a low-cost airline and subsidiary of Air Canada. It is fully integrated into the Air Canada mainline and Air Canada Express networks; flights are sold with AC flight numbers but are listed as "operated by Air Canada Rouge" (similar to regional flights operated under the Air Canada Express banner).
History
The airline was launched in December 2012 and began services on July 1, 2013. The first destination was Athens, Greece, from Toronto and Montreal, as part of the Air Canada Leisure Group to compete more efficiently with Air Transat, Sunwing, and WestJet in the leisure and vacation travel market, largely operating routes to Europe, the Caribbean, and the United States.
At the time of the launch, it had a fleet of four aircraft, two Airbus A319s and two Boeing 767s, transferred from the parent company. Its fleet expanded to 28 aircraft within 18 months and was expected to reach 16 Boeing 767s, 20 Airbus A319s and five Airbus A321s by mid-2016. By early September 2016, the airline had expanded its Boeing 767 fleet to 19 aircraft.
On March 24, 2014, Air Canada announced plans for Air Canada Rouge to expand into Western Canada beginning in Spring 2014, to serve predominantly leisure markets from Vancouver and Calgary to Los Angeles, San Francisco, Las Vegas, Phoenix, Palm Springs, Honolulu, Maui and Anchorage. A seasonal service from Vancouver to Osaka/Kansai started in May 2015. In December 2015 new routes were announced including Toronto to Miami, Fort Myers, Charlottetown, and Deer Lake. Year-round routes include Toronto and Montreal to Fort Lauderdale; Montreal to Miami; Vancouver to San Diego and Mexico City; and Calgary to Phoenix.
In May 2020, amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, Air Canada announced the retirements of 79 aircraft among its mainline and Rouge fleets. This included Boeing 767, Embraer 190, and Airbus A319 aircraft. Air Canada Rouge was significantly affected, as the airline lost all 25 767s, and 2 A319s, leaving it with only 18 A320/A321, and 20 Airbus A319 as their fleet. This means the airline will no longer be able to reach some of its destinations in Europe, such as Budapest or Zagreb. Plans are in the works to continue to fly to some European destinations that are in range of these narrowbody aircraft. As of February 2021, the airline removed most of its Central and Eastern European destinations from their schedule, e. g. Warsaw and Bucharest due to a lack of suitable aircraft.
Air Canada Rouge service was suspended from 9 February 2021 to 7 September 2021 to adhere to new travel rules by the government aimed at reducing non-essential travel.
Destinations
Air Canada Rouge serves predominantly leisure destinations in the Caribbean, Central America, Mexico, and the United States with all former routes to Europe and South America being cancelled after the retirement of the Boeing 767-300ERs.
Fleet
Current fleet
As of July 2022, the Air Canada Rouge fleet consists of an all-Airbus registered aircraft:
Former fleet
Boeing 767-300ER
Service concept
Seating
The Air Canada Rouge Airbus A319 has 16 more seats than a regular Air Canada Airbus A319 with 136 seats, the first four rows being for Rouge Plus and Premium Rouge passengers. The former Air Canada Rouge Boeing 767-300ER carried 71 more passengers than most regular Air Canada Boeing 767-300ER aircraft, with 282 seats. Of these 223 were economy, 35 Rouge Plus and 24 Premium Rouge. The 29-inch seat pitch on their A320 series aircraft is one of the smallest in North America, resulting in less legroom than on most other comparable aircraft.
Entertainment
Air Canada Rouge is equipped with a wireless streaming entertainment system, called Player, that passengers can use directly on their personal devices, such as Apple iOS and Android devices, as well as laptops. The streaming system works on Apple devices only if the Air Canada application is downloaded prior to the flight; Android users can now download the app prior to departure or while in flight from the on-board server. Laptop use requires the Flash plug-in.
On-board services
The baggage policy is the same as Air Canada's. Flights to and from Europe have complimentary food and drink service with for-purchase alcoholic drinks. A buy-on-board food offering in line with the mainline service exists for all other flights.
References
External links
Air Canada
Canadian companies established in 2012
Airlines established in 2012
Low-cost carriers
Canadian brands
Star Alliance affiliate members
Vickers Nunatak () is a massive nunatak in the upper Shackleton Glacier, about 11 nautical miles (20 km) southeast of Mount Black, in Antarctica. It was named by the Southern Party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE) (1961–62) for E. Vickers, a radio operator at Scott Base, who was in contact with the Southern Party almost every day during the three months they were in the field.
Nunataks of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
COX18, cytochrome c oxidase assembly factor is a protein that in humans is encoded by the COX18 gene.
Function
This gene encodes a cytochrome c oxidase assembly protein. The encoded protein is essential for integral membrane protein insertion into the mitochondrial inner membrane. It is also required for cytochrome c oxidase assembly and activity. Alternative splicing results in multiple transcript variants. [provided by RefSeq, Jul 2014].
References
Further reading
Shevill is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Essie Shevill (1908–1989), Australian cricketer
Ian Shevill (1917–1988), Australian Anglican bishop
Rene Shevill (1910–1974), Australian cricketer, sister of Essie
Patrick Lewis Studstill Jr. (June 4, 1938 – October 16, 2021) was an American professional footballer who was a wide receiver, punter and return specialist. He played 12 years in the National Football League (NFL) for the Detroit Lions (1961–1967), Los Angeles Rams (1968–1971), and New England Patriots (1972). He led the NFL with 457 punt return yards in 1962. In 1966, he led the league in both receiving yards (1,266) and punting yards (3,259). He also tied an NFL record in 1966 with a 99-yard touchdown reception.
Early years
Studstill was born in 1938 in Shreveport, Louisiana. He attended C. E. Byrd High School in Shreveport where he was a star athlete in both track and football. He graduated from Byrd High in 1957 and attended the University of Houston on a football scholarship. He sustained a leg injury as a senior and only played 10 minutes that year.
Professional football
Detroit Lions
Studstill was undrafted in the 1961 NFL Draft. He signed with the Detroit Lions in August 1961. As a rookie, he appeared in all 14 games, principally returning punts and kickoffs. On October 8, 1961, in a victory over the Chicago Bears, he returned a kickoff 100 yards for the Lions. He ranked fourth in the NFL with an average of 28 yards per kickoff return.
In 1962, he led the NFL with 457 yards on 29 punt returns, an average of 15.8 yards per return. He was also the Lions' No. 2 receiver in 1962 with 36 catches for 479 yards and four touchdowns.
Standstill injured his left knee during the Lions' first contact drill in the summer of 1963. He underwent surgery and missed the 1963 season.
In 1965, Studstill appeared in all 14 games for the Lions, including 12 games as a starter at the flanker position. He led the team with 28 receptions and three receiving touchdowns and ranked second on the team with 389 receiving yards. He also added punting to his responsibilities and was the leading punter in the NFL by the middle of October. He finished the 1965 season ranked sixth in the NFL in punting, having kicked 78 times for an average of 42.8 yards per punt. He was chosen for the Pro Bowl at the end of the 1965 season.
Studstill's best year was 1966, when he was second in the NFL with 67 receptions and led the league with 1,266 receiving yards. One of his five touchdowns went for 99 yards, making him the third player to accomplish this feat. Since then, eight other players have tied his record. In 1966, he had five consecutive games with 125+ pass receiving yards, which had since been tied by Calvin Johnson. At the end of the 1966 season, Studstill was selected as a first-team All Pro by the Sporting News, Associated Press, UPI, and Football Weekly.
In 1967, Studstill missed seven games with a pulled hamstring muscle.
Los Angeles Rams
In May 1968, Studstill was traded to the Los Angeles Rams as part of a multi-player deal that sent Bill Munson to the Lions. Studstill spent four years with the Rams, appearing in 56 games, but only one as a starter. He caught 28 passes for the Rams and scored three touchdowns, but he was used primarily as a punter. He averaged 41.4 yards per punt in 1971.
While playing for the Rams, he wore a maskless helmet while punting, making him one of the last players in the NFL to play without a facemask.
New England Patriots
Studstill was placed on waivers by the Rams prior to the 1972 season. He was claimed by the New England Patriots. He was used exclusively as a punter during the 1972 season.
Studstill sustained a knee injury during training camp in May 1973. Studstill claimed the injury required surgery, and the Patriots disputed the injury and refused to honor his contract for the 1973 season.
For his career, Studstill punted 560 times for 22,764 yards, an average of 40.7 yards per punt.
Family and later years
Studstill was married in July 1960 to Barbara Jean Pickard. Both were students at the University of Houston. With Barbara, he had a son, Pat Studstill III, and daughter, Lisa. He later remarried to his second wife, Rita Vennari.
After retiring as a player, he was hired as a technical advisor on the 1974 prison football film, The Longest Yard. He also worked as an actor in television shows, movies, and more than 300 commercials. Between 1981 and 1985, he had a recurring role as Barclay on The Dukes of Hazzard. Other credits included Magnum, P.I., The Incredible Hulk, and Paper Lion.
In 1999, Studstill was inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
He died on October 16, 2021 at his home in Los Angeles.
References
1938 births
2021 deaths
Actors from Shreveport, Louisiana
American football punters
American football wide receivers
Houston Cougars football players
Detroit Lions players
Los Angeles Rams players
New England Patriots players
Players of American football from Shreveport, Louisiana
Western Conference Pro Bowl players
The Finnish Women's Curling Championship is the national championship of women's curling in Finland. It has been held annually since 1994. From 1994 until 1998 it was known as the Finnish Cup. Since 1999 the Finnish championship team has been determined by the winning team of the Finnish Women's Championships league.
List of champions
References
See also
Finnish Men's Curling Championship
Finnish Mixed Curling Championship
Finnish Mixed Doubles Curling Championship
Finnish Wheelchair Curling Championship
Finnish Junior Curling Championships
The Oboe Quartet in F major, K. 370/368b, was written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in early 1781. The quartet is scored for oboe, violin, viola and violone basso or cello. In 1780, Mozart was invited to Munich to visit Elector Karl Theodor, who had commissioned the opera Idomeneo for a carnival celebration. While in Munich, Mozart renewed an acquaintance with Friedrich Ramm, a virtuoso oboist in the Munich orchestra. It was for Ramm that Mozart composed the quartet in order to show off his virtuosity and the improvements that had been made to the oboe at that time. One way that this piece showed off the instrument was the use of the "high F" above the staff, a note rarely played in any repertoire previously written for the oboe.
This piece is a work of chamber music, but it has elements that harken to other musical genres, and requires a fair amount of virtuosity. Because of its large amount of virtuosic playing on the part of the oboe and the large degree to which the strings simply accompany the oboist, it almost resembles a concerto, but with only four players instead of an entire orchestra. Despite this, there are also a number of places within the work that require ensemble playing, for example, the famous 13-bar passage in the finale in which the oboe plays in common time against a 6/8 accompaniment.
There are three movements:
An average performance takes around 15 minutes.
References
Notes
Sources
Further reading
External links
Quartet for Oboe & Strings K.370: in All About Mozart
Chamber music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Compositions for oboe
1781 compositions
Compositions in F major
Nícolas David Andrade (born 12 April 1988), known as Nícolas, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie B club Pisa.
Club career
On 14 January 2021, he signed a six-month contract with Serie B club Reggina.
On 10 June 2021, he signed a two-year contract with Pisa.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Villa Nova Atlético Clube players
Tombense Futebol Clube players
Hellas Verona F.C. players
S.S. Virtus Lanciano 1924 players
Trapani Calcio players
Udinese Calcio players
Reggina 1914 players
Pisa S.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Association football goalkeepers
Sportspeople from Rondônia
The plate-billed mountain toucan (Andigena laminirostris) is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae. It is native to the west slope of Ecuador and extreme southern Colombia, where it lives in the high-altitude humid mountain forests of the Andes.
Common names of the species include- laminated hill-toucan, laminated mountain-toucan, and plain-billed mountain-toucan.
Description
Plate-billed Mountain-Toucans have a large laterally compressed bill, the front half of which is black and the back half is mostly red with a raised yellow plate on the upper mandible, a unique feature for which the bird was named. They have a reddish brown iris and a bare ocular area that is yellow below and turquoise green above. The crown and nape are black and the rest of the upper parts are bronzy olive. The side of the neck and underparts are blue gray with a yellow patch on the flanks which is partially covered by the wings. There is a yellow rump patch, and its tail is black with chestnut tips. The crissum (area around the vent) is bright red, and the thighs are brownish maroon.
The plate-billed mountain toucan is about 42 to 53 centimeters (16.5 to 21 inches) in length, with a relatively lightweight bill up to 10 centimeters long. The average male weighs about 314 grams (11.1 ounces) and the female about 303 grams (10.7 ounces). It is zygodactylous, with two toes facing forward and two pointing back.
Vocalizations
This is the most vocal of the mountain toucans, and the sexes often duet. The male makes a loud, repeating "tryyyyyyyk" sound and the female makes a drier "t't't't't't't't" noise. The bird utters rattles and clicks loud enough to be heard from over a kilometer away.
Distribution and habitat
Plate-billed mountain toucans are found in the western foothills of the Andes of western Ecuador and far southwestern Colombia. In Colombia, they are found from Pita Canyon (Narino) in southwestern Colombia and south to the northwestern border of Morona-Santiago Province, in Ecuador. Plate-billed mountain toucans inhabit the humid forest and edges of the temperate forest of the lateral slope of the Andes Mountains. The humid forest features abundant epiphytes, bromeliads and mosses. These forests receive an average of 14 feet of rainfall per year and the canopy ranges from 6 to 10 meters high. Their altitudinal range is between 1600 and 2600 meters above sea level, and has been observed several times at 3100 meters elevation in Imbabura (Ecuador). Because of its altitudinal range, plate-billed mountain toucans share their ecological niche with the Andean cock-of-the-rock. Their estimated life area is 14300 km2.
Behaviour and ecology
Breeding
The breeding season extends from March to October, peaking in May through August. The bird nests in tree cavities up to 30 meters above the ground. The clutch contains 2 or 3 white eggs. The eggs are incubated for about 16 days and the young fledge at 46 to 60 days. Once the young depart, the pair may rear a second brood.
Food and feeding
The plate-billed mountain toucan feeds mainly on fruit, and occasionally eats insects and eggs as well. It disperses the seeds of plants such as the mountain understory shrub Faramea affinis and the palm Prestoea acuminata. There has been a report of the bird eating a caecilian (Caecilia sp.)
Status
While it is still a fairly common species, the Plate-billed mountain toucan is considered Near Threatened by the IUCN and is in decline because of habitat being lost to deforestation. It is also poached for the trade in exotic birds. The plate-billed mountain toucan is the flagship bird of the La Planada Nature Reserve in Colombia.
References
BirdLife International (2008). «'Andigena laminirostris'». Lista Roja de especies amenazadas de la UICN 2010.4 (en inglés). Consultado el 19 de noviembre de 2010
Ridgely, Robert S. and Paul J. Greenfield (2001) "The Birds of Ecuador" Vol. II, Cornel University Press.
Footnotes
External links
Andigena. ITIS
Plate-billed Mountain-toucan, Andigena laminirostris. BirdLife International.
plate-billed mountain toucan
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
plate-billed mountain toucan
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ellsworth Burnett Belden (May 18, 1866March 11, 1939) was an American lawyer and judge, serving as a Wisconsin Circuit Court Judge and County Judge in Racine County, Wisconsin, for nearly 50 years, from 1889 until his death in 1939.
Biography
Born in Rochester, Wisconsin, in Racine County, Ellsworth Belden was educated in the common schools of the district and graduated from the Rochester Seminary in 1883. He was employed by his grandfather, Judge Philo Belden, in the County Court of Racine County until the fall of 1884, when he entered the University of Wisconsin Law School in Madison, Wisconsin. At the time of his graduation, in 1886, he was the youngest person to have ever received a diploma from the school. At age 20, however, he was still technically too young to practice law in the state of Wisconsin, thus worked for a time as an assistant to the Attorney General of Wisconsin, Leander F. Frisby.
When eligible, he was admitted to the State Bar of Wisconsin and began practicing law in Racine County. But in April 1889, he ran for County Judge to replace his grandfather, who was retiring. After the younger Belden won the election, Judge Philo Belden opted to resign his office early due to his deteriorating health. The Governor appointed the younger Belden to begin his term early and he was sworn into office on September 5, 1889. At the time of his election, at age 23, he was the youngest County Judge in the history of the state.
After two six-year terms serving as County Judge, in 1901, Judge Belden ran for the Wisconsin Circuit Court seat in the 1st circuit and was elected in the spring election. At the time, the 1st circuit was composed of Racine, Kenosha and Walworth counties.
Judge Belden was re-elected in this office six times, serving over 37 years. On February 12, 1939, he was admitted to St. Mary's Hospital in Racine, suffering from heart disease and died a month later.
Personal life and family
Ellsworth Belden was a grandson of Philo Belden, who was one of the founders of the town of Rochester, Wisconsin, and served in many state and local offices in the early years of Wisconsin's statehood. His father, Henry Ward Belden, served as an officer in the 24th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment in the American Civil War.
Ellsworth married Hattie Marie Raymond on June 26, 1890. They had two sons.
Judge Belden was a member of the Episcopal Church, the Knights of Pythias, Rotary International, Kiwanis Club, Optimist International, Royal Arcanum, and Modern Woodmen of America, and was a 32nd Degree Mason. For several years, he was president of the Racine YMCA, and was credited for the fundraising effort that built the YMCA building in Racine (part of Racine's Old Main Street Historic District in the National Register of Historic Places).
During World War I, Judge Belden was an active and effective campaigner for Liberty Loans, and his son, Stanley, served as an officer in the U.S. Army.
Electoral history
Racine County Judge (1889, 1895)
| colspan="6" style="text-align:center;background-color: #e9e9e9;"| General Election, April 2, 1889
Wisconsin Circuit Court (1901–1937)
| colspan="6" style="text-align:center;background-color: #e9e9e9;"| General Election, April 2, 1901
Wisconsin Supreme Court (1916)
| colspan="6" style="text-align:center;background-color: #e9e9e9;"| General Election, April 1916
References
1866 births
1939 deaths
People from Rochester, Wisconsin
Wisconsin state court judges
19th-century American politicians
20th-century American politicians
Swami Vivekananda in the West: New Discoveries is a series of biographical books on Swami Vivekananda written by Marie Louise Burke, who is popularly known as Sister Gargi. There are six volumes in the series. This series of books was first published in two volumes in 1957. In 1983-87 these series was republished in six volumes. The book is high acclaimed not just in India but also in the Vedanta circles around the world.
Swami Vivekananda spent a number of years (from 1893) teaching and lecturing in the West (specially in America and England). Sister Gargi researched for many years and then published her findings in these works. These books present unknown facts regarding Swami Vivekananda's life and works in America from 1893 to 1896 and, during his second visit, from 1899 to 1900.
Volumes
The six volumes provide an exhaustive account of the time Swami Vivekananda spent in the west, specially in America and Europe.
See also
Bibliography of Swami Vivekananda
References
Swami Vivekananda
1957 non-fiction books
Indian biographies
Multi-volume biographies
Biographies about religious figures
20th-century Indian books
Tenkasi Junction railway station is a junction railway station serving the town of Tenkasi in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The station is a part of the Madurai railway division of the Southern Railway zone. It is the junction point for Virudhunagar and Tirunelveli rail routes.
Location and layout
The railway station is located in the Railway feeder road of Tenkasi. The nearest bus depot is located in Tenkasi New Bus stand while the nearest airport is situated away in Thiruvananthapuram.
Lines
The station is a focal point of the historic line that connects Chennai with and . An additional line branches out east-bound to via Ambasamudram.
The lines branching out from Tenkasi Junction are:
BG single line towards north – via Rajapalayam,
BG single line towards east – via Ambasamudram.
BG single line towards west – via Punalur.
Important trains
Pothigai Superfast Express
Chennai Egmore–Kollam Junction Express
Palaruvi Express
Silambu Express
Antyodaya Express (stopped, may run in the future)
Sengottai–Coimbatore Express (stopped, in future it may be run)
Passenger trains
Madurai–Sengottai Passenger
Sengottai–Madurai Passenger
Sengottai–Tirunelveli Passenger
Tirunelveli–Kollam Passenger
Special trains
Chengalpattu–Tirunelveli special train with LHB coaches (return)
Ernakulam–Velankanni special train (return)
Tambaram–Tirunelveli special train (return)
Apart from these there are passenger trains to Kollam, Tirunelveli, and Madurai, and occasionally Special trains from Tirunelveli–Tambaram via Tenkasi and Ernakulam–Velankanni Expresses are being operated.
References
External links
Madurai railway division
Railway stations in Tirunelveli district
Railway junction stations in Tamil Nadu
Oregon Ballot Measure 60 was an initiated state statute ballot measure filed by Bill Sizemore and R. Russell Walker. Sizemore referred to it the "Kids First Act." The measure appeared on the November 4, 2008 general election ballot in Oregon.
The goal of the initiative was to create a new Oregon state statute mandating that only "classroom performance" — not seniority, additional duties, qualifications, advanced degrees, or additional training — would determine teachers' pay raises. It would also mandate that the "most qualified" teachers be retained under employment, replacing seniority as a major consideration. "Classroom performance" and "most qualified" are not defined by the measure.
This is the second time Sizemore has placed a similar measure on the ballot. Measure 95 in 2000 was defeated 65–35.
The official ballot title for Measure 60 was: Teacher "classroom performance", not seniority, determines pay raises; "most qualified" teachers retained, regardless of seniority.
Newspaper Endorsements
Here is how Oregon's major newspapers have endorsed on the measure:
Specific provisions in the initiative
The language of the proposed statute is:
Section 1. Teacher pay raises and job security shall be based on job performance. (a) After the effective date of this 2008 Act, pay raises for public school teachers shall be based upon each teacher's classroom performance and not related or connected to his or her seniority. If a school district reduces its teaching staff, the district shall retain the teachers who are most qualified to teach the specific subjects, which they will be assigned to teach. A determination as to which teacher is most qualified shall be based upon each teacher's past classroom experience successfully teaching the specific subject(s) or class, as well his or her as academic training in the relevant subject matter.
(b) This 2008 Act shall be called the "Kids First Act" and shall supersede any previously existing law, rule, or policy with which it conflicts. This Act shall not be implemented in a manner so as to violate or impair the obligation of any contract in existence as of the effective date of this Act, but shall govern later extensions to those contracts and new contracts entered into after the effective date of this Act.
Note: "Classroom performance" and "most qualified" are not defined in the measure.
Estimated fiscal impact
The state's Financial Estimate Committee prepares estimated fiscal impact statements for any ballot measures that will appear on the ballot. The estimate prepared by this committee for Measure 60 says:
Measure 60 would require between $30 and $72 million in additional state and local spending in the first year.
After the first year, it would require between $30 and $60 million a year in additional state and local spending.
Supporters
Preserve Our Best Teachers was the name of the committee sponsoring the original initiative. There is no committee filed to support the ballot measure.
The Oregonian reported in September 2007 that Nevada millionaire Loren Parks was the leading contributor to Measure 60.
Randall J. Pozdena, Ph.D., of the Cascade Policy Institute, authored a commentary that argued, "Absent serious structural reforms such as school-level competition, paying for performance in the classroom may be the best way to stimulate higher academic achievement among our K-12 public school students."
Arguments in favor of Measure 60
Good teachers should be rewarded.
"While money may not be the only way to attract the teachers we need, it is a useful tool and one we can readily wield."
What's more important to our kids' education: tenure or good teaching skills? (Oregon doesn't have tenure.)
The proposal will "reward good teachers, weed out bad ones and improve the quality of the state's schools."
Opposition
Measure 60 is opposed by the Parents and Teachers Know Better Coalition, which describes itself as "a broad coalition of parents, teachers, and school advocates who care about Oregon's students & schools." The Parents and Teachers Know Better campaign is part of the Defend Oregon Coalition, which opposes all five of the ballot initiatives on the 2008 ballot measures that are sponsored by Sizemore.
Members of the coalition include Stand for Children, Oregon PTA, United Way of the Mid-Willamette Valley, Oregon Education Association, American Federation of Teachers-Oregon, Oregon School Employees Association, and the Human Services Coalition of Oregon, among others.
Arguments against Measure 60
Notable arguments made against Measure 60 include:
Because none of the terms are defined in the measure, there is no way to know how teachers will actually be judged, or who will be doing the judging.
It is "costly, ill-conceived, inflexible and potentially damaging to the children of Oregon...poorly written, vague and not based on best practices."
It could lead to more standardized testing and cause low-income areas to lose teachers.
Donors opposing Measure 60
Defend Oregon, as a committee, is fighting seven different ballot measures, and supporting two others. Altogether, the group has raised over $6 million in 2008.
Major donations to the Defend Oregon group as of October 8 include:
$4.1 million from the Oregon Education Association.
$100,000 from School Employees Exercising Democracy (SEED)
$100,000 from the AFL-CIO.
$50,000 from Oregon AFSCME Council 75.
Petition drive history
Initiative Petition 20 was originally approved for circulation on August 30, 2006, and the signatures were turned in the month of July. 83,724 signatures were found to be valid of those submitted, versus a qualification threshold of 82,769.
A union-funded watchdog group asked the Oregon Secretary of State to conduct an investigation into how some of the signatures on the measure were collected. Bill Bradbury, the Secretary of State has said, "...most all of the initiatives Oregon voters will decide this fall got there through practices that are now illegal. But those practices were legal at the time most of the signatures were submitted." The state Elections Division is currently investigating the charges.
Notes
External links
Note:: ''This article was taken from Ballotpedia's article about Oregon Ballot Measure 60
Basic information
2008 General Election Measures: Voter Guide
Full text of the initiative
Certified ballot title letter from the Oregon Attorney General
Letters received from Oregon residents during the ballot title designation period
Supporters
Bill Sizemore's official website
Opponents
Website for the Defend Oregon Coalition
Website for the Parents and Teachers Know Better Coalition
2008 Oregon ballot measures
Public education in Oregon
Initiatives in the United States
Hyung-joon, also spelled Hyung-jun or Hyong-jun, is a Korean masculine given name. Its meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name.
Hanja
Regulations of the Supreme Court of Korea permit the following hanja to be registered for use in names:
Hyung (25 hanja):
Joon (44 hanja):
People
Jonathan Kim (born Kim Hyung-joon, 1960), South Korean film producer
Park Heong-joon (born 1960), South Korean politician
Kim Hyeong-jun (born 1968), South Korean film director
Im Hyung-joon (born 1974), South Korean actor
Kim Joon (born Kim Hyung-joon, 1984), South Korean actor, rapper and singer
Hangzoo (born Yoon Hyung-joon, 1986), South Korean rapper, member of Rhythm Power
Kim Hyung-jun (born 1987), South Korean actor and singer, member of SS501
Joo Hyong-jun (born 1991), South Korean speed skater
Fictional characters
Kang Hyung-joon, in 2012 South Korean television series Missing You
Lee Hyung-joon, in 2013 South Korean television series Who Are You?
See also
List of Korean given names
Park Hyung-jun (; born 1983), South Korean triple jumper
References
Korean masculine given names
Jai Arrow (born 12 July 1995) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays as a er, and for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the NRL
He previously played for the Brisbane Broncos and Gold Coast Titans in the National Rugby League. He has represented the Prime Minister's XIII and the Queensland Maroons in the State of Origin series.
Background
Arrow was born in Fairfield, Queensland, Australia.
He played his junior rugby league for Palm Beach State Primary winning the Metropolitan Cup. Then heading to Burleigh Bears, before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
Playing career
Early career
From 2012 to 2015, Arrow played for the Brisbane Broncos' National Youth Competition team. In August 2012, he played for the Australian Schoolboys. Towards the end of the 2014 season, he re-signed with the Broncos on a 3-year contract. In 2015, he captained the Broncos' NYC side. On 2 May 2015, he played for the Junior Kangaroos against Junior Kiwis. On 8 July 2015, he played for the Queensland under-20s team against the New South Wales under-20s team. On 14 September 2015, he was named at lock in the 2015 NYC Team of the Year.
2016
In 2016, Arrow graduated to the Broncos' Queensland Cup team, Norths Devils. On 8 May, he played for the Queensland Residents against the New South Wales Residents. In round 10 of the 2016 NRL season, he made his NRL debut for the Broncos against the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles. In round 25 of 2016 NRL season, Arrow scored his first NRL try for the Broncos in the 26—16 win over the Melbourne Storm at AAMI Park.
2017
In August, he signed a three-year contract with the Gold Coast Titans starting in 2018. He played 10 matches for the Brisbane in the 2017 NRL season.
2018
In round 1, Arrow made his debut for the Gold Coast against the Canberra Raiders in the 30—28 win at Robina Stadium. In round 5 of the 2018 NRL season, Arrow scored his first 2 club tries for the Titans in a 32—20 win over the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles at Marley Brown Oval.
2019
Arrow made a total of 17 appearances for the Gold Coast in the 2019 NRL season as the club endured a horror year on the field finishing last.
On 30 September, Arrow was named a squad member for the Australian PM's XIII side. On 7 October, Arrow was named in the Australian side for the 2019 Rugby League World Cup 9s. On 24 December, Arrow signed a $3.2 million, four-year contract to play for South Sydney starting in 2021.
2020
Arrow played 18 games for the Gold Coast in the 2020 NRL season as the club finished ninth on the table and missed the finals.
2021
In round 1 of the 2021 NRL season, he made his club debut for South Sydney in a 18-26 loss against Melbourne at AAMI Park.
In round 10, he scored his first try for South Sydney in a 32-22 victory over Cronulla-Sutherland.
Arrow played a total of 23 games for South Sydney in the 2021 NRL season including the club's 2021 NRL Grand Final defeat against Penrith. Arrow was taken off in the first half of the game after being hit in a high tackle by Penrith's Viliame Kikau. Arrow took no further part in the second half of the game after failing a HIA assessment.
Controversy
On 7 July 2021, Arrow was fined $35,000 by the NRL and suspended from playing in game 3 of the 2021 State of Origin series for Queensland after breaking the code's strict Covid-19 bio security protocols. It is alleged that Arrow brought "an unregistered guest" later revealed to be a woman into the team hotel.
References
External links
Gold Coast Titans profile
NRL profile
1995 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Queensland Rugby League State of Origin players
Brisbane Broncos players
Gold Coast Titans players
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
Junior Kangaroos players
Burleigh Bears players
Rugby league locks
North Devils players
Rugby league props
Rugby league players from Brisbane
In combinatorial mathematics, the exponential formula (called the polymer expansion in physics) states that the exponential generating function for structures on finite sets is the exponential of the exponential generating function for connected structures.
The exponential formula is a power-series version of a special case of Faà di Bruno's formula.
Statement
For any formal power series of the form
we have
where
and the index runs through the list of all partitions of the set
. (When the product is empty and by definition equals .)
One can write the formula in the following form:
and thus
where is the th complete Bell polynomial.
Alternatively, the exponential formula can also be written using the cycle index of the symmetric group, as follows:where stands for the cycle index polynomial, for the symmetric group defined as:and denotes the number of cycles of of size . This is a consequence of the general relation between and Bell polynomials:
Examples
because there is one partition of the set that has a single block of size , there are three partitions of that split it into a block of size and a block of size , and there is one partition of that splits it into three blocks of size . This also follows from , since one can write the group as , using cyclic notation for permutations.
If is the number of graphs whose vertices are a given -point set, then is the number of connected graphs whose vertices are a given -point set.
There are numerous variations of the previous example where the graph has certain properties: for example, if counts graphs without cycles, then counts trees (connected graphs without cycles).
If counts directed graphs whose (rather than vertices) are a given point set, then counts connected directed graphs with this edge set.
Applications
In applications, the numbers often count the number of some sort of "connected" structure on an -point set, and the numbers count the number of (possibly disconnected) structures. The numbers count the number of isomorphism classes of structures on points, with each structure being weighted by the reciprocal of its automorphism group, and the numbers count isomorphism classes of connected structures in the same way.
In quantum field theory and statistical mechanics, the partition functions , or more generally correlation functions, are given by a formal sum over Feynman diagrams. The exponential formula shows that can be written as a sum over connected Feynman diagrams, in terms of connected correlation functions.
See also
References
Chapter 5 page 3
Exponentials
Enumerative combinatorics
Kaveh Mazaheri (, (born 14 September 1981 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian Director and Scriptwriter.
He started his work by writing a film critique in magazines. After graduating in railway engineering from Iran University of Science and Technology in 2005, he made his first short narrative film entitled "Tweezers". He has directed four independent short narrative films and more than twenty short and medium-length documentaries.
He has won numerous awards from national and international film festivals for short film Retouch, such as "Best Short Fiction Film" at Tribeca, Kraków, Palm Springs, Stockholm, Tirana, Fajr Film Festivals
Movies
Long Films
Botox (2019)
Short Narrative Films
Tweezers (2007)
Cockroach (2016)
Retouch (2017)
Documentaries
Waxinema (2008)
Day of Blood (2008)
Soori's Trip (2010)
A Report about Mina (2015)
Flight to Pardis (2016)
Awards
Yamagata International Documentary Film Festival (Japan 2015)- Winner Jury Special Mention
Tribeca Film Festival (USA 2017)- Winner Best Narrative Short, Winner Jury Prize
Kraków Film Festival (Poland 2017)- Winner Best Short Fiction Film, Winner Don Quixote Award
Palm Springs International ShortFest (USA 2017)- Winner Best Live Action over 15 Minutes
Fajr Film Festival (Iran 2017)-Winner Best Short Film (Crystal Simorgh Prize)
25th Curtas Vila do Conde International Film Festival (Portugal 2017) – Winner Audience Award, Nominated Grand Prize
Stockholm International Film Festival (Sweden 2017) – Winner Best Short Film
Traverse City Film Festival (USA 2017) – Winner Best Short Fiction Film
Hancheng International Short Film Festival (China 2017) – Winner 3rd Prize for Best Short Film of Silk Road Competition
Ojai Film Festival (USA 2017) – Winner Best Narrative Short
Tirana International Film Festival (Albania 2017) – Winner Best Short Fiction
Wine Country Film Festival-WCFF (USA 2017) – Winner "COURAGE IN CINEMA" AWARD
Aix-en-Provence International Short Film Festival (France 2017) – Winner Jury Prize
Almería International Film Festival (Spain 2017) – Winner Best Screenplay
Iranian Film Festival – San Francisco (USA 2017) – Winner Best Screenplay for Short Film
Asiana International Short Film Festival (Korea 2017) – Winner Jury Special Mention
São Paulo International Short Film Festival (Brazil 2017) – Winner Audience Favorite Prize, Nominated Best Film
Bosphorus International Film Festival (Turkey 2017) – Winner Best International Short Fiction Film
International Short Film Festival ZUBROFFKA (Poland 2017) – Winner Best Film
SETEM Academy Silk Road International Film Festival (Turkey 2017) – Winner Grand Special Jury prize
Moscow International Film Festival (Russia 2017) – Nominated Best Film of the Short Film Competition (Silver St. George)
Durban International Film Festival (South Africa 2017)- Nominated Best International Short Film
Dokufest International Documentary and Short Film Festival (Kosovo 2017) – Nominated Best Fiction Short Film
Encounters Film Festival (UK 2017) – Nominated Best Film
Moondance International Film Festival (USA 2017) – Nominated Best Short Film
Denver Film Festival (USA 2017) – Nominated Best Short Film
Tallgrass Film Festival (USA 2017) – Nominated Best Short Film
Tacoma Film Festival (USA 2017) – Nominated Best Short Film
Adelaide Film Festival (Australia 2017) – Nominated Best Short Film
Sedicicorto International Film Festival (Italy 2017) – Nominated Best Short Film
Chicago International Film Festival (USA 2017) – Nominated Gold Hugo for Best Fiction Short Film
Valladolid International Film Festival Seminci (Spain 2017) – Nominated Best Foreign Short at Meeting Point Section
References
https://tribecafilm.com/filmguide/retouch-2017
https://mubi.com/cast/kaveh-mazaheri
http://directorsnotes.com/2017/10/09/kaveh-mazaheri-retouch/
https://bingz.info/director/kaveh-mazaheri/
The film "Tweezers" on the short film website
Page of the film "Waxinema" on the short film website
Reotuch
1981 births
Iranian screenwriters
Iranian film directors
Iranian documentary filmmakers
Living people
Ida (born before 1025, died 7 or 8 April 1060) was abbess of the convent St. Maria im Kapitol (St. Mary's in the Capitol) in Cologne. She belonged to the family of the Ezzonids, who became prominent in Lower Lorraine in the 11th century.
Biography
Ida was the daughter of Mathilde, a sister of King and Emperor Otto III and Ezzo, Count Palatine of Lotharingia. Because of his marriage into the royal family and his considerable wealth, Ezzo and his offspring became prominent in the 11th century; his dynasty is called the Ezzonids. Ezzo and Mathilde had ten children, all of whom held important positions in Lower Lorraine.
Ida was one of the younger children. Her exact birthdate is uncertain, but was certainly before 1025, when her mother Mathilde died. Her father Ezzo died in 1034.
Ida and her sister Sophia were most likely educated in Gandersheim Abbey. They left Gandersheim in 1026 and entered the convent of St. Maria Altenmünster in Mainz. Only one year later, in 1027, they had to return to Gandersheim, because of an ongoing conflict between the Archbishop of Mainz and the Bishop of Hildesheim (Gandersheim Conflict). In 1028, they were able to go back to Mainz. However, Ida returned to Gandersheim for good in 1031, when Aribo, the Archbishop of Mainz, died. Her sister Sophia had already died in Mainz.
No later than 1038, Ida became abbess of St. Maria of Gandersheim, which was part of Gandersheim Abbey. She got her sanctification from Bishop Godehard of Hildesheim, who died on 5 May 1038.
At the latest in 1049 (and probably before 1039), Ida became abbess of St. Maria im Kapitol in Cologne. As her brother Herman II was Archbishop of Cologne from 1036-1056, it is likely that he helped her to gain the position. On 5 July 1049, she was certainly present at the altar dedication in the church St. Maria in Kapitol, executed by Pope Leo IX. Emperor Heinrich III was also there during the dedication, which highlights the significance of the church and its abbess.
Ida died on 7 or 8 April 1060 and was buried in the church of St. Maria im Kapitol. There, her sarcophagus can still be visited today.
Legacy
The church of the convent St. Maria im Kapitol was newly built around 1040/45. It is regarded as one of the most important constructions of the 11th century in the Holy Roman Empire.
The new building is mainly attributed to Ida. Some scholars also point to a very likely participation of her brother, Archbishop Herman II. The church probably contained several furnishings, of which two artefacts are still preserved today: the wooden doors and the Herimann-Kreuz (crucifix).
The wooden doors are seen as one of the most important pieces of woodcarving of the High Middle Ages. As demonstrated by dendrochronology, they were built around 1044, during Ida's time as Abbess, and thus are regarded as her legacy.
The Herimann-Kreuz (crucifix) is mostly seen as a joint endowment of the siblings Herman II and Ida. Both are depicted with their names on its backside. The Crucifix is a remarkable artefact, as the head of Christ is replaced by a woman's head. Today, it can be seen in the Diözesanmuseum of Cologne.
Different scholars believe that Ida is responsible for the production of the Hidda-Codex of Gerresheim and the Hidta-Codex of Meschede. The Hidda-Codex is presumed to be the oldest preserved illuminated manuscript from the High Middle Ages in Cologne. However, the determination of their age and their donor are part of an ongoing scientific discussion.
Ida might also have given a column with a crucifix for the collegiate church in Essen, where her sister Theopanu was abbess. The crucifix is not preserved, but, there still exist two metal plates, which state an abbess named Ida as donor.
Ida is represented in one of the statues on the first floor of the tower of the City hall in Cologne. These figures represent notable persons of the city.
References
Bibliography
Berges, Wilhelm. Godehard, in: Neue Deutsche Biographie (NDB). volume 6, Duncker & Humblot, Berlin 1964, p. 495–497.
Beuckers, Klaus Gereon. Die Ezzonen und ihre Stiftungen: eine Untersuchung der Stiftungstätigkeit im 11. Jahrhundert, Münster, Hamburg 1993.
Beuckers, Klaus Gereon. Rex iubet Christus imperat. Studien zu den Holztüren von St. Maria im Kapitol und zu Herodesdarstellungen vor dem Investiturstreit, Köln 1999.
Knapp, Ulrich. "Der salische Neubau von St. Maria im Kapitol zu Köln. Eine kritische Revision, in: Förderverein Romanische Kirchen Köln e.V." (Ed.), Colonia Romanica. Jahrbuch des Fördervereins Romanische Kirchen Köln e.V., Köln 2009.
Riemer, Dieter. "Neue Überlegungen zu Hitda, in: Klaus Gereon Beuckers" (Ed.), Äbtissin Hitda und der Hitda-Codex. Forschungen zu einem Hauptwerk der ottonischen Kölner Buchmalerei, Darmstadt 2013.
Surmann, Ulrike. Das Kreuz Herimanns und Idas, Köln 1999.
Uhlirz, Mathilde. Ezzo (Erenfrid), in: Neue Deutsche Biographie, volume 4, Duncker & Humblot, Berlin 1959, p. 715-716.
Weilandt, Gerhard. "Der Hitda-Codex und seine Stifterin Ida von St. Maria im Kapitol. Eine Wiederbegegnung nach einem Vierteljahrhundert, in: Klaus Gereon Beuckers" (Ed.), Äbtissin Hitda und der Hitda-Codex. Forschungen zu einem Hauptwerk der ottonischen Kölner Buchmalerei, Darmstadt 2013.
Wisplinghoff, Erich. Hermann II., in: Neue Deutsche Biographie (NDB). volume 8, Duncker & Humblot, Berlin 1969, p. 635.
External links
http://www.maria-im-kapitol.de
https://www.stadt-koeln.de/leben-in-koeln/freizeit-natur-sport/skulpturen-des-ersten-obergeschosses
1020s births
1060 deaths
Ezzonids
11th-century German abbesses
People from Cologne
8BC was a nightclub, performance space, and art gallery located at 337 East 8th Street in the East Village neighborhood of New York, New York. Founded in 1983, the space closed in late 1985.
History
In 1980 co-founder Cornelius Conboy purchased the building with the intention of opening a theatre. During his time working on Theatre Row, Conboy became aware of the lack of experimental performance support in the area. He came across the space, a former farmhouse, in an area of the East Village described as "Little Dresden" due to the large quantity of burnt out and abandoned buildings. He intended the facility as a casual performance-oriented club space rather than a formal theater. His partner in the venture was Dennis Gattra, a member of a traveling circus and road manager for The Flying Karamazov Brothers.
The space opened on October 31, 1983, with Ucci's Circus Romanus; a four-hour variety show. The small space had a capacity of 200 people and a very large stage, which was longer than the main room of the club, and allowed for large performances. Large murals decorated the exterior and interior, and rotating exhibitions were held showcasing local and regional artists. The space relied solely on cover charges and bar sales, paying its performers a percentage of the admission revenues. 8BC was awarded a Bessie Award for its contributions to the local art community in 1985.
The space closed on October 22, 1985 by agreement with the New York City Department of Buildings due to never obtaining a Certificate of Occupancy to operate and violating zoning regulations for the neighborhood. A few days after the closing, a front-page New York Times article about the demise of 8BC and several other East Village clubs and performance spaces speculated that an era of small downtown New York clubs was being eclipsed by larger enterprises such as Palladium, The Limelight and Area. In 2000, Conboy donated his materials related to 8BC to the Archives of American Art.
Performers
During its first year the space showcased over 650 performances ranging from punk rock bands to cultural performances such as Japanese Butoh. Notable performers include: Karen Finley, Steve Buscemi, John Zorn, They Might Be Giants, Leisure Class, Ethyl Eichelberger, Holly Hughes, Charles Busch, Rhys Chatham's XS: The Opera Opus, and k.d. lang.
In popular culture
8BC is mentioned in the song "La Vie Bohème" in the musical RENT.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Hager, Steve. Art After Midnight: The East Village Scene. St. Matins Press, 1986.
Adler, Norma. "Jo Andres' "Liquid TV" at 8BC." The Drama Review 29. 1 (1985): 36-38.
McCormick, Carlo, Marvin J. Taylor, Lynn Gumpert, et al. The Downtown Book: The New York Art Scene 1974-1984. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2005.
McCormick, Carlo & Walter Robinson. "Slouching Toward Avenue D." Art in America 72. 6 (1984): 138, 158.
External links
8BC records from the Archives of American Art
Nightclubs in Manhattan
Defunct art museums and galleries in Manhattan
East Village, Manhattan
1983 establishments in the United States
1985 disestablishments in New York (state)
Art galleries established in 1983
Art galleries disestablished in 1985
Robert Walker, Baron Walker of Gestingthorpe, , (born 17 March 1938) is an English barrister and former Justice of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom. He also serves as a Non-Permanent Judge of the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal.
He sat in the House of Lords as a crossbencher until his retirement from the House on 17 March 2021.
Early life and non-judicial career
Born on 17 March 1938, the son of Ronald Robert Antony Walker by his wife Mary Helen, Walker was educated at Downside School and Trinity College, Cambridge from where he graduated in 1959 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Classics and Law. He was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1960 and became a Queen's Counsel in 1982.
In 2010 he was the Treasurer of Lincoln's Inn.
He is an Honorary Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge.
Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe has served on the Honorary Editorial Board of the Warwick Student Law Review since its inception in 2010.
Judicial career
In 1994, Walker was appointed a High Court Judge in the Chancery Division, and as is customary was then made a Knight Bachelor, before appointment as a Lord Justice of Appeal in 1997. He succeeded Lord Slynn of Hadley GBE as a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary in 2002 and was created a Life Peer as Baron Walker of Gestingthorpe, of Gestingthorpe in the County of Essex. He and nine other Lords of Appeal in Ordinary became Justices of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom upon its inauguration on 1 October 2009.
Personal life
Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe married Suzanne Diana Leggi in 1962. They have one son (Robert, born 1963) and three daughters (Penelope Mary, born 1966; Julia Diana, born 1968; and Henrietta Solveig, born 1972).
Notable judgments
Re A (Children) (Conjoined Twins: Surgical Separation) [2001] Fam 147
Gillett v Holt [2000] 3 WLR 815
Moore Stephens v Stone Rolls Ltd [2009] UKHL 39
HJ and HT v Home Secretary [2010] UKSC 31
Futter & Anor v HMRC; Pitt & Anor v HMRC [2013] UKSC 26
, (2014) 17 HKCFAR 218
, (2018) 21 HKCFAR 370
Arms
External links
www.parliament.uk
Debrett's People of Today
References
1938 births
Living people
Crossbench life peers
People educated at Downside School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Members of Lincoln's Inn
Chancery Division judges
Walker of Gestingthorpe
Walker of Gestingthorpe
English Queen's Counsel
Queen's Counsel 1901–2000
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Members of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council
Judges of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom
Justices of the Court of Final Appeal (Hong Kong)
21st-century English judges
Knights Bachelor
Knights of Malta
Sanford Jackson was a Canadian biochemist.
Jackson graduated from the University of Toronto in chemical engineering and pathological chemistry. He was research biochemist and biochemist-in-chief at the Toronto Hospital for Sick Children 1937–1974.
Jackson was a founding member of the Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists and the Ontario Society of Clinical Chemists. He invented the bilirubinometer, which allowed more accurate measurement of serum bilirubin in infants and children.
Jackson died 4 September 2000 at age 91.
References
External links
Professor Emeritus Sanford Jackson
Year of birth missing
Canadian biochemists
University of Toronto alumni
University of Toronto faculty
Henry Nixon (1874 – 15 March 1939) was a British steelworker, trade unionist and politician. He was General President of the National Union of Blastfurnacemen, Cokeworkers, Ironstone Miners, and Kindred Trades and served briefly in Parliament representing the Labour Party.
Working life
Nixon was born in Middlesbrough, the son of William Nixon. He left school when young to work in the blast furnaces of the local iron and steel industry, staying in the same industry after moving to Scunthorpe. He joined the Blastfurnacemen and Coke Oven Workers Union, and became the East Midlands Secretary of the union. His involvement in politics began when he was elected to Eston Urban District Council, on which he served for three years. In 1896 he married Naomi Would, of Coningsby in Lincolnshire.
Lincolnshire politics
Nixon was elected to Scunthorpe Urban District Council on which he served for five years. He was also elected to Lindsey County Council for three years. Nixon was Vice-Chairman of Scunthorpe and District War Memorial Hospital. He also advanced in his union, being a permanent union agent (after 30 years working at the blast furnaces), and was also elected as President of the National Federation - a post in which he served for ten years. In November 1921 he was named by the government as a member of the Advisory Committee for the Metalliferous Mining Industry, representing his union, being reappointed in January 1924 when the committee was reconstituted. At the 1922 general election, Nixon was the Labour Party candidate for the Newark division of Nottinghamshire; he polled 8,378 votes in a straight fight with the Conservatives, who won with 15,423 votes.
1923 election
At the general election in December 1923, Nixon was adopted as Labour Party candidate for The Wrekin division of Shropshire, which included Ironbridge and Coalbrookdale, towns known for their pioneering role in the Iron industry. The constituency was considered winnable. The sitting MP, Conservative Howard Button, was a supporter of free trade and had decided to stand down when Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin called the election on a policy of introducing protective tariffs, and the new Conservative candidate was a colliery owner. The Liberal Party initially considered bringing forward a candidate, which prompted Labour to threaten to stand in neighbouring Shrewsbury where the Liberals had hopes, but eventually both seats were straight fights. On election day Nixon won The Wrekin by 1,383 votes (and the Liberal candidate also won Shrewsbury). He was the first Labour MP to be elected from Shropshire.
Parliament
Nixon's Parliamentary contributions were not extensive, consisting mostly of questions concerning his constituency; he made his only brief speech on 10 July 1924, complaining of inequity in the compensation paid to victims of First World War air raids. In early May, along with a majority of Labour MPs but on a free vote, he voted against the Proportional Representation Bill.
Later life
When the Labour government was defeated in October 1924 and dissolved Parliament, Nixon found himself opposed at the general election by a working-class Conservative candidate. Despite Labour being thought to have a solid base, Nixon lost the seat by 2,878 votes. He returned to his union work, and attended the annual meeting of the British section of the International metalworkers Federation at York in July 1925. Nixon was chosen to fight Gloucester at the 1929 general election, hoping that the Liberals would succeed in attracting the votes of people who had voted Conservative at the previous election so that Labour would win the seat. However Nixon was defeated by 493 votes. When the Metalliferous Mines committee was divided in two, Nixon was named to the iron ore sub-committee in October 1930.
References
External links
1874 births
1939 deaths
British trade unionists
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
National Union of Blastfurnacemen-sponsored MPs
People from Scunthorpe
UK MPs 1923–1924
Soorya Kireedam is a 2007 Malayalam language horror film. It was released in 2007.
Plot
An exorcist arrives to save a young girl who is seemingly possessed by a ghost. A young girl begins to behave strangely and displays mysterious powers. This leads her family to believe that she has been possessed by an evil spirit. As things begin to get more dangerous, an exorcist enters. Will he get rid of the ghost or is there something stronger at work?
Cast
Indrajith Sukumaran as Shivaram
Remya Nambeesan as Pooja
Nithya Das as Urmila
Mamukkoya as Babychan
Nishanth Sagar as Goutham
Shammi Thilakan as Vishnu Narayanan
Leshoy as Anandan
Deepika Mohan as Madhavi
Santhakumari as Januamma
Meenal as Ashwathy
Sandra Amy as Merlin
Vijay Menon as Dr Venu
Subair as Vishwanatha Menon
V. K. Sreeraman as Prabhakaran
Manu Shivapal as Jayakrishnan
Shaalin Zoya as Jr. Urmila
References
2007 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
The Golden Key () is a 1939 Soviet fairy-tale movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It is based on the story of Pinocchio written by Carlo Collodi. In 2009, Russia TV adapted both the original & its remake into a musical
Plot
The film tells about the adventures of Buratino and his friends. With the help of a golden key, they get to the magic book and fly to the country where all the children go to school and the old people live well.
Starring
Aleksandr Shchagin as Karabas Barabas (as A. Shchagin)
Sergey Martinson as Duremar, village knave (as S. Martinson)
Olga Shaganova-Obraztsova as Buratino (voice) (as O. Shaganova-Obraztsova)
Georgiy Uvarov as Papa Carlo (as G. Uvarov)
Nikolay Bogolyubov as Captain of the airship (as N. Bogolyubov)
Mikhail Dagmarov as Giuseppe (as M. Dagmarov)
Tamara Adelgeym as Malvina (voice) (as T. Adelgeym)
R. Khairova as Pierrot (voice)
Nikolai Michurin as Sandro (as N. Michurin)
Konstantin Nikiforov as Puppet master (as K. Nikiforov)
V. Pokorskaya as Puppet master
F. Tikhonova as Puppet master
Vasiliy Krasnoshchyokov as Policeman (uncredited)
Georgiy Millyar as Clown (uncredited)
References
External links
1939 films
1930s Russian-language films
Soviet black-and-white films
Soviet fantasy films
1930s fantasy films
Pinocchio films
Films with live action and animation
The N.C. Autonomous College (Narasingh Choudhury Autonomous College) is a 30-acre college in Jajpur, Odisha, India. It was founded in 1946. It is one of the oldest colleges of Odisha and stands tall in the heart of Jajpur district headquarters. The college was initially affiliated to Utkal University but now it has autonomous status from the session 1999-2000 as per UGC and B+ grade accredits with the National Assessment and Accreditation Council NAAC.
History
The college is named after Choudhary Narasingha Charan Mohapatra of Kodandpur, the principal donor of the institution. The college fulfilled a long-cherished desire of the people of this area.
Classes were held in Jajpur High School until 1952. Thereafter the college was shifted to its present campus that stretches in a serene rural setting, about 2 km to the west of the historical town of Jajpur.
Jajpur NC College has lost autonomous status since 2012. However, admission for self-financing courses at Plus III level is being conducted by the college on claims of being autonomous.
References
External links
Department of Higher Education, Odisha
Autonomous Colleges of Odisha
Universities and colleges in Odisha
Jajpur district
Educational institutions established in 1946
1946 establishments in India
Smarkets is a UK-based betting exchange company founded in 2008. It has offices in London, Los Angeles, and Malta.
History
Smarkets was founded in 2008 by Jason Trost and Hunter Morris as a peer-to-peer platform that allowed its users to bet on various sports and political markets.
Smarkets became Queens Park Rangers F.C.'s front-of-shirt sponsor in June 2016, and in January 2018, announced that it was working with The Jockey Club to sponsor 35 race days in the 2018 calendar.
Smarkets was named the City A.M. Leap 100 Company of the Year for 2017, and came second on the 2017 Sunday Times Tech Track 100 list.
Salary culture
The company notably initiated a wiki-like salary policy; the employees could view salaries of all of their peers, including the company CEO, on an internal wiki page. The company has a self-set salary policy, which authorises employees to decide their own salary as often as every six months. This process is similar to a peer-review process carried out at designated times during the year.
Political predication markets
During the 2020 US presidential election, Smarkets was one of a number of companies that carried political prediction markets that provided live odds during the campaign and while the vote was still being counted. The company's final Electoral College forecast on election day notably outperformed the leading poll-aggregation models.
References
External links
Official website
Gambling companies of the United Kingdom
Betting exchanges
Online gambling companies
Gambling websites
Social networking services
Cityfight: Modern Combat in the Urban Environment is a board game published by Simulations Publications (SPI) in 1979.
Description
Cityfight: Modern Combat in the Urban Environment is a two-player wargame that depicts post-World War II combat in an urban environment. Published before the Fall of the Berlin Wall, the game posits that the Cold War has gone hot, and Russia has invaded West Germany. Combat takes place in villages and suburbs on the outskirts of an unnamed German city.
Components
The game box includes:
two identical 17" x 22" hex grid maps (one for each player) scaled at 55 ft (17 m) per hex
1400 counters
64-page rulebook
40-page book of charts and tables
8-page Charts & Tables booklet
4 six-sided dice
counter tray
Gameplay
Cityfight uses a "double-blind" system of dual boards so that each player does not know where his opponent's forces are. Players sit back to back, and as their units "search" the map, each player calls out a hex number, and the opponent replies if there is a unit hidden in that hex, similar to the children's game Battleship. Several scenarios are provided with specific victory conditions. For example, in one scenario, the Russian player has to successfully escape from a village before numerically superior Allied forces can find and destroy the Russians. Each turn represents 20 seconds in game time.
Publication history
In 1973, SPI released Sniper!, the first commercial tactical board wargaming treatment of man-to-man combat in the Second World War. the first Cityfight was designed by Joseph M. Balkoski and Stephen A. Donaldson, and published by SPI in 1979. Reviewer Paul King noted several problems with Sniper!, namely the fact that all the counters were visible on the board for both players, meaning "players would react to this situation so that the combatants went about the board with precognition." In 1979, SPI released Cityfight, a game that tried to correct this by giving each player an identical mapboard, where enemy counters would appear only when spotted. The game was designed by Joseph M. Balkoski and Stephen A. Donaldson, with graphics and artwork by Redmond A. Simonsen.
Reception
In Issue 27 of Phoenix, Paul King thought the large amount of the material in the box "is enough to make all but the strongest heart quail." Nevertheless, King found the game very playable, much improved over the game mechanics of Sniper!, and enjoyable to play. He concluded, "Cityfight has the makings of a great game."
The Big Board reviewed Cityfight, and found the rules clearly presented. "Reading through them, it is easy to visualize the game sequence and understand the various mechanics." The reviewer found the occasional bit of humor enjoyable as well, quoting the rule “Irregular units may not execute indirect fire; they may, however, execute the mayor.” Because of the double-blind set-up, the reviewer thought "SPI's CityFight is a tense game. In this game, there was very little contact between the opposing sides, yet their presence was felt at all times. [...] Unlike most wargames that give players omniscience over the battlefield, CityFight leaves you almost completely in the dark. Turns can be deadly quiet, almost boring, and all of a sudden, a firefight breaks out."
Awards
At the 1980 Origins Awards, City Fight won the Charles S. Roberts Award for Best 20th Century Game of 1979.
Reviews
Fire & Movement #25
Moves #58
Campaign #96
Journal of Twentieth Century Wargaming #13
American Wargamer Vol. 8, #12
Wargame News #34
References
Cold War board wargames
Origins Award winners
Simulations Publications games
"Boss Bitch" is a song by American rapper and singer Doja Cat, featured on the Birds of Prey soundtrack Birds of Prey: The Album (2020). It was released as the soundtrack's third single on January 23, 2020. The first verse of the song was written by Ashnikko.
Composition
"Boss Bitch" is an "uptempo record" combined with a "poppy feel mixing layers of synths and cowbells". The lyrical content was described as a "fiery clapback at her haters". Doja Cat credited Ashnikko with writing the first verse and herself with writing the second.
Critical reception
"Boss Bitch" was met with positive reviews from music critics. Patrick Johnson at Hypebeast described Doja's rendition as "a club-leaning single that features dubbing synths, unexpected cowbells and an undeniable chorus" and commented on her performance as "exuding the confidence and anti-good girl swagger of the film's protagonist Harley Quinn". James Dinh at iHeartRadio compared Doja's charisma to early Nicki Minaj with lyrics that "give the rising star more reason to gain attention", while Brendan Wetmore from Paper stated that the song was more reminiscent of Azealia Banks' "more bass-heavy works". As part of the soundtrack review, Jazz Tangcay of Vulture labeled the album opener as "declaratory" with a hook that exudes the singer's "bad-ass determination".
In June 2020, the song was listed as the 27th best song of 2020 so far by Billboard. NME named it the 12th best song of 2020 in December.
Music video
Doja Cat posted pictures of herself at the video set in December 2019. The accompanying music video was released on January 23, 2020, and features previously unseen footage of the then-unreleased Birds of Prey, as well as shots of Doja Cat fighting off enemies and moving around a dance floor with Harley. Scenes featuring the singer were directed by Jack Begert, who also directed the videos for "Juicy" and "Cyber Sex".
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Birds of Prey: The Album liner notes.
Recording
Mixed and Mastered at Larrabee Sound Studios (North Hollywood, California)
Personnel
Doja Cat – vocals, songwriting
Ashton Casey – songwriting
Sky Adams – songwriting; production
Imad Royal – songwriting, production
Manny Marroquin – mixing
Michelle Mancini – mastering
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2020 singles
2020 songs
Doja Cat songs
DC Extended Universe music
Songs written by Doja Cat
Songs written by Ashnikko
The Delta 0100 series, also Delta 100, 0300 or 300 series, was an American expendable launch system which conducted orbital launches between 1968 and 1972. It was a member of the Delta family of rockets, and the first to be designated using a four digit numerical code. Two variants were flown, individually designated Delta 0300 and Delta 0900.
The Long Tank Thor, a stretched version of the Thor missile, was used as the first stage of the Delta 0100 series. Castor-2 solid rocket boosters were attached to increase thrust at lift-off, three on the 0300 variant, and nine on the 0900. The second stage was a Delta F.
Five 0100 series rockets were launched, three using the 0300 configuration, and two in the 0900 configuration. All launches occurred from Space Launch Complex 2W at Vandenberg AFB. There was one failure, the launch of ITOS E on July 16, 1973. A hydraulic pump malfunction led to loss of pressure to the second stage attitude control thrusters, causing the launch vehicle to tumble out of control and break up in the atmosphere.
The Japanese N-I launch vehicle was derived from the Delta 0300, using a Japanese LE-3 engine on the second stage.
References
Delta (rocket family)
Lynch Point () is a rocky point at the seaward end of the peninsula between Frostman Glacier and Hull Glacier on the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica. It was photographed from United States Antarctic Service (1939–41) aircraft on December 18, 1940, and was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65. The point was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Ensign William R. Lynch II, U.S. Navy Reserve, Damage Control Officer aboard in exploring these coastal waters, 1961–62.
References
Headlands of Marie Byrd Land
The Viet Cong was an armed revolutionary organization in South Vietnam. It may also refer to:
Vietcong (video game), a 2003 tactical first-person shooter video game
Preoccupations, a Canadian post-punk band formerly known as Viet Cong
Tiến lên, a Vietnamese card game, sometimes known in the United States as "Viet Cong"
The Goudron River (in French: rivière Goudron) is a tributary of the east bank of the Kamouraska River, which flows on the south bank of the St. Lawrence river two km east of the centre of the village of Kamouraska.
The Goudron river flows on the Côte-du-Sud in the municipalities of Saint-André, Sainte-Hélène-de-Kamouraska, Saint-Germain, Saint-Pascal, and Kamouraska, in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent, in province of Quebec, in Canada.
Geography
Originating from a marsh area in Saint-André, the Goudon River is located on either side of the highway 20 on the south of the dividing line with the Soucy-Lapointe stream which flows towards the Fouquette river; the latter empties on the southern coast of the estuary of Saint Lawrence. This source is located at east of the southeastern coast of the St. Lawrence River and at southeast of the center of the village of Saint-André.
From its source, the Tar River flows over in agricultural or village zones, divided into the following segments:
south-west in Saint-André, to Route de la Station;
southwest, to highway 20 that it crosses;
southwesterly, along the northwest side of autoroute 20 that it crosses again at the limit of Saint-André and Saint-Germain;
southerly, to the southern limit of the municipality of Sainte-Hélène-de-Kamouraska;
northeasterly in Sainte-Hélène-de-Kamouraska, to the confluence of a stream coming from the north-east;
south-west, to rue de l'Église Nord, which the river cuts at north-west of the center of the village of Sainte-Hélène-de-Kamouraska;
southeasterly, up to the limit of Saint-Germain;
towards the south-west collecting the water of a stream coming from the south-east and crossing the road to Saint-Germain, up to the limit of Kamouraska (Saint-Louis-de-Kamouraska sector);
towards the south-west passing to the south-east of the "Montagne à Plourde", up to the confluence of the Poivrier stream;
towards the south-west, passing to the south of the "cotton mountain" and crossing rue Varin on the east side of the village of Saint-Pascal, up to the bridge rue Rochette;
west, to highway 20;
north-west, up to the road to Rang de l'Embarrass;
westward, up to its confluence.
This confluence is located at east of the southeastern coast of the estuary of Saint Lawrence, at to the northeast from the center of the village of Saint-Pascal, at north-west of the center of the village of Kamouraska, and at southwest of the center of the village of Saint-Germain.
Toponymy
The toponym Rivière Goudron was formalized onDecember 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Bas-Saint-Laurent
Kamouraska Regional County Municipality
Events from the year 1565 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: Elizabeth I
Events
Shane O'Neill, at this time claiming allegiance to Elizabeth I of England, defeats MacDonnells at Glenshesk.
Butlers and Fitzgeralds fight a pitched battle against each other at the Battle of Affane (February) in County Waterford. Sir Edmund Butler of Cloughgrenan wounds and takes prisoner Gerald FitzGerald, 15th Earl of Desmond and drives his followers from the field. John Plunket is appointed to inquire into the causes of the dispute.
Shane O'Neill marches from Antrim through the mountains by Clogh to the neighbourhood of Ballycastle, where he routs the clan MacDonnell of Antrim and Dunnyveg at the Battle of Glentasie (2 May) and takes Sorley Boy MacDonnell and James MacDonald, 6th of Dunnyveg, prisoner, the latter dying of wounds soon afterwards. Ballycastle Castle and Dunluce Castle also fall to him.
Sir Henry Sidney takes up the post of Lord Deputy of Ireland (October).
Connacht is shired into counties Clare (formerly Thomond), Galway, Leitrim (separated from Roscommon), Mayo and Galway.
Donald McCarthy Mór is created 1st (and only) Earl of Clancare and Baron Valencia in the Peerage of Ireland (24 June) as part of the surrender and regrant of Ireland to the English Crown.
Connor O'Brien, 3rd Earl of Thomond, surrenders his claim to the lordship of Thomond on condition of receiving Corcomroe.
Miler Magrath is appointed Roman Catholic Bishop of Down and Connor (12 October; consecrated 4 November).
First ever Jesuit school is established at Limerick by David Wolfe, apostolic visitor of the Roman Catholic Church, but this is dispersed by the royal authorities in October.
Possible date of introduction of the potato to Ireland by John Hawkins (after September).
Births
Con MacShane O'Neill, flaith (d. 1630)
Deaths
January 2 – Joan Fitzgerald, Countess of Ormond, Norman-Irish noblewoman and heiress (b. 1509/14)
May 2 – Angus MacDonnell, son of Alexander MacDonnell.
c. May – James MacDonald, 6th of Dunnyveg, Scoto-Irish chieftain.
References
1560s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 16th century in Ireland
Following is the List of different government officials in the Indian government, along with their respective posts and position in the Indian order of precedence and the salaries and various allowances and emoluments given to them according to the government act.
Chief Ministers, MLAs and MLCs
The net salary of the Chief Ministers varies from state to state. The following table shows the basic pay of CM of each state of India in decreasing order from top to bottom.
Salaries of MLAs & MLCs
The net salary of the Member of Legislative Assembly/Member of Legislative Council varies from state to state. The following table shows the basic pay of MLA/MLC in each state of India.
Notes
References
India
Office holders
India
Salaries of office-holders
India government-related lists
India government officials
Ernest Gerald Koob (September 11, 1892 – November 12, 1941), was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from 1915 to 1919 for the St. Louis Browns. On May 5, 1917, Koob no-hit the eventual World Champion Chicago White Sox 1-0, besting Eddie Cicotte—himself a no-hit pitcher against the Browns less than a month earlier, on April 14. The very next day, his teammate Bob Groom also no-hit the White Sox, 3–0 in the second game of a doubleheader; to date, Koob and Groom are the only teammates to pitch no-hitters on consecutive days.
Koob attended college at Western State Normal School.
An obituary published in the November 1941 issue of "The Sporting News" contained statements which complement and to some extent contradict the above information. It states that Mr. Koob was born in St. Louis in 1894; that he died in the Mount St. Rose Sanatorium (St. Louis) on 12 November 1941, of a lung ailment; that he played baseball under the name "Smith" while attending Kalamazoo State College; that he served in the US Army during The Great War; and that he played with the Browns until 1920.
See also
List of Major League Baseball no-hitters
TheDeadballEra.com :: ERNIE KOOB'S OBIT at www.thedeadballera.com obituary in November 1941 The Sporting News
External links
1892 births
1941 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Michigan
St. Louis Browns players
Louisville Colonels (minor league) players
Western Michigan Broncos baseball players
Jean-Louis Tulou (born 12 September 1786 in Paris – died 23 July 1865 in Nantes) was a French flute teacher, player and instrument maker.
Family and life
His father, Louis-Prosper Tulou (1749–1799), was a bassoonist in the Paris Opera and professor at the Paris Conservatoire from 1795 until his death.
Jean-Louis studied at the Paris Conservatoire from the age of 10. He became a professor there in 1829 and remained until 1856. He was involved in flute manufacture. He died on 23 July 1865 in Nantes.
List of compositions
Flute method
"Méthode de Flûte", published 1835 (Paris) includes flute duets etc.
Piccolo method
Metodo Populare (Popular Method)
Flute and piano
Note: arrangements may exist for quartet/orchestra as well as with piano.
Air Varie, Op. 22
Air Ecossais - Fantaisie Brillante Op.29
Fantasie, Op. 30
Air Varie, Op. 35
Fantasie, Op. 36
L'Angelus Fantaisie, Op. 46
Welsh Air and Variations on "All Through The Night" Op. 48
Air Varie, Op. 62
Grand Solo No. 1
Grand Solo No. 2 Op. 70
Air Varie, Op. 73
Grand Solo No. 3 Op. 74
Grand Solo No. 4 Op. 77
Grand Solo No. 5 Op. 79
Grand Solo No. 6 Op. 82
Grand Solo No. 7 Op. 86
Grand Solo No. 8
Grand Solo No. 9
Grand Solo No. 10 Op. 92
Grand Solo No. 11 Op. 93
Grand Solo No. 12 Op. 94
Grand Solo No. 13 Op. 96
Grand Solo No. 14 Op. 97
Grand Solo No. 15
Grand Duo Brilliant - La Donna Del Lago, Op. 154
3 Italian Arias
Flute d'Amour and piano
Fantasy on a theme of Caraffa
Flute(s) and guitar
Six Airs Italiens. Transcription by Jean-Louis Tulou and Ferdinando Carulli
Two flutes
3 Duos Facile (3 Easy Duets), Op. 1
3 Duos Concertante, Op. 2
3 Sonates Pour deux Flutes, Op. 8
3 Duos Faciles (3 Easy Duets), Op. 11
3 Duos Dificiles, Op. 12
3 Duos, Op. 14 (D, e, A)
3 Duos Dificiles, Op. 15
3 Duos, Op. 18
3 Grand Duos Concertante, Op. 19 (G, Eb, g)
3 Grand Duos, Op. 31
3 Duos, Op. 33 (G, D, A)
3 Duos Concertante Op. 34 (C, D, G)
3 Grand Duos, Op. 72 (D, C, D)
Theme Varie, Op. 89
3 Duos Faciles (3 Easy Duets), Op. 102
3 Duos Faciles (3 Easy Duets), Op. 103
3 Duos, Op. 104
Three flutes
Grand Trio Op. 24 in E♭ Major
Trio Op. 26
Recollections Of Ireland, Op. 50
Souvenir Anglais Op. 51
Trio - "Les trios amis", Op. 65 in F Major
Trio Op. 83 in A Major
Five flute concertos
Concerto No. 1
Concerto No. 2
Concerto No. 3 Op. 10 in D Major
Concerto No. 4
Concerto No. 5 Op. 37
Sources
Great Flute Makers of France, Tula Gianini (Tony Bingham, London, 1993).
My Complete Story of the Flute, Leonardo De Lorenzo
Flute repertoire catalogue: 10,000 titles. Frans Vester. London: Musica Rara, 1967
External links
Biography at flutehistory.com
Timeline at flutepage.de
1786 births
1865 deaths
Musicians from Paris
French classical flautists
French classical composers
French male classical composers
19th-century classical composers
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
Conservatoire de Paris faculty
19th-century French composers
19th-century French male musicians
Cabinet of Marek Belka may refer to:
First Cabinet of Marek Belka - from May 2, 2004, to June 11, 2004
Second Cabinet of Marek Belka - from June 11, 2004, to October 31, 2005
Eric Braeden (born Hans-Jörg Gudegast; April 3, 1941) is a German-born film and television actor, known for his roles as Victor Newman on the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless, as Hans Dietrich in the 1960s TV series The Rat Patrol, Dr. Charles Forbin in Colossus: The Forbin Project, and as John Jacob Astor IV in the 1997 film Titanic. He won a Daytime Emmy Award in 1998 for Lead Actor in a Drama Series for the role of Victor Newman.
Early life
Braeden was born Hans-Jörg Gudegast in Bredenbek, Germany (near Kiel), a city in northern Germany where his father was once mayor. In his autobiography, titled I'll Be Damned, published by Harper Collins in 2017, Braeden revealed that he was a survivor of the MV Wilhelm Gustloff sinking. The MV Wilhelm Gustloff was a German armed military transport ship which was sunk on January 30, 1945 by Soviet submarine S-13, in the Baltic Sea, while evacuating German civilian and military refugees. It is estimated that 9,400 people died. It was the largest loss of life in a single ship sinking in history. He emigrated to the United States in 1959, and attended the University of Montana, Missoula.
Career
Braeden accumulated many TV and film credits during his first two decades in America, and guest-starred in 120 roles. His earliest credits were all under his birth name, Hans Gudegast.
During the 1960s he appeared in several episodes of TV's longest-running World War II drama (1962–1967) Combat!, always playing a German soldier. In 1965, he appeared in a film called Morituri starring Marlon Brando and Yul Brynner, and guest-starred in The Man From U.N.C.L.E. as T.H.R.U.S.H. agent Mr. Oakes in "The Discotheque Affair"; season two, episode five.
In 1966, he guest-starred as Luftwaffe Major Bentz in episode 28, "Day of Reckoning", of season two of the TV series Twelve O'Clock High (a series which was very loosely based on the classic 1949 war film with the same name) and also appeared in an episode of the 1966 espionage drama series Blue Light. His main character for the next two years was his regular starring role playing German Hauptmann (Captain) Hans Dietrich on the TV series The Rat Patrol (1966–1968),
He starred in the 1969 western 100 Rifles with Raquel Welch, Burt Reynolds and Jim Brown (noted for the first big-screen interracial love scene between Welch and Brown), once again playing a villainous German military officer opposite Fernando Lamas. This was his last credit under his birth name.
His starring role in the movie Colossus: The Forbin Project (1970), was when he first took the stage name of Eric Braeden. Lew Wasserman of Universal Pictures told him that no one would be allowed to star in an American film if he or she had a German name. After much thought, he took the name Braeden from his hometown of Bredenbek.
Other movie appearances in the 1970s included the role of Dr. Otto Hasslein in Escape from the Planet of the Apes (1971), and that of the arrogant but formidable race car driver, Bruno von Stickle in Walt Disney's 1977 Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo. Throughout the 1970s, he also guest-starred in a variety of television shows including The Six Million Dollar Man, Wonder Woman, and The Mary Tyler Moore Show, and also appeared in several episodes of the long-running CBS western series Gunsmoke.
In addition to many episodic roles, Braeden also appeared as Colonel John Jacob Astor IV in the 1997 blockbuster film Titanic. Braeden told Cindy Elavsky that filming the scene in Titanic, in which his character drowned, "was one of the scariest moments in this business for me."
Victor Newman
In 1980, he was offered the role of self-made business magnate Victor Newman on the daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless. Initially, the role was for a 26-week run. His character imprisoned his wife's lover, and became so popular the character became a love-to-hate villain, and his contract was extended.
Braeden won a Daytime Emmy for his work in 1998. In February 2017 he celebrated his 37th anniversary with the show. In 2020, the show marked Braeden's 40th anniversary as Victor onscreen.
In October 2009, Braeden and The Young and the Restless came to an impasse regarding contract negotiations, and press reports indicated he might leave the show. However, CBS later announced that Braeden had inked a new three-year deal and would remain with the show, agreeing to a reduction in salary, which was the original issue.
Personal life
In 1958 Braeden, under his birth name Hans-Jörg Gudegast, won the German National Team Championship in Track and Field (discus, shot-put and javelin with the Rendsburger TSV). Braeden later went on to win the 1973 National Challenge Cup as a fullback with the Jewish American soccer club Maccabi Los Angeles, scoring the winning goal in the semifinal game and a penalty kick in the championship game against Chicago Croatian. In the 1970s/80s he could often be seen boxing at the Hoover Street and Broadway gyms in L.A. He is a tennis player and has participated in many celebrity events.
He married his college sweetheart Dale Russell in 1966. His son, Christian, is a director who created the film Den of Thieves, starring Gerard Butler.
Filmography
Awards and nominations
See also
Victor Newman and Nikki Reed
Supercouple
Distinguished German-American of the Year
References
External links
Interview with Eric Braeden. Accessed February 11, 2017
1941 births
20th-century German male actors
21st-century German male actors
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series winners
Daytime Emmy Award winners
German emigrants to the United States
German male film actors
German male soap opera actors
German male television actors
Living people
People from Rendsburg-Eckernförde
People from the Province of Schleswig-Holstein
Shipwreck survivors
University of Montana alumni
Western (genre) television actors
Azat Valiullin (born 1 September 1990) is a Russian handball player for HSV Hamburg and the Russian national team.
He participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Chelyabinsk
Russian male handball players
Expatriate handball players
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Handball-Bundesliga players
S. J. Laverne Whitman (August 17, 1926 – December 11, 2000) was a former American professional football player who played four seasons in the National Football League for the Chicago Cardinals and the Chicago Bears.
External links
1926 births
2000 deaths
People from Hollis, Oklahoma
American football safeties
Tulsa Golden Hurricane football players
Chicago Cardinals players
Chicago Bears players
Players of American football from Oklahoma
FC Shakhtar Konotop is a Ukrainian amateur football club from Konotop, Sumy Oblast. It plays in the Sumy Oblast Championship (season 2018–19).
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|}
Football clubs in Sumy Oblast
Amateur football clubs in Ukraine
Konotop
Association football clubs established in 1953
1953 establishments in Ukraine
Neil R. Darrach (1850–1926) was a noted Canadian architect from St. Thomas, Ontario. He was architected for over five designated heritage properties in St. Thomas, Ontario and Regina, Saskatchewan. He was primarily active in the later 19th century.
Early life
Neil was born in Southwold Township, Ontario in 1850. He moved to St. Thomas as a youth and became involved in construction at the start of the railway boom in the early 1870s. Darrach received no formal training as an architect, but it was suggested he learnt the trade primarily through trade books and experience.
St. Thomas career
Simplicity of form and emphasis on symmetry using a central hall plan characterizes most of Darrach's buildings
. Darrach's first building was designed in 1879. This was the Centre Street Baptist Church in St. Thomas, one of many church designs to follow. Neil would also work on the First United Church, the Grand Central Hotel (subsequently destroyed in the later 20th century), St. Thomas Masonic Hall, Myrtle and Balaclava Street Schools; and several prominent homes in the community in addition to the heritage buildings described below. In 1898 disaster struck the Elgin County Courthouse (which was originally designed in 1854 by John Turner) where a significant portion of the building was destroyed by fire. Darrach was retained to re-design the building and did so under the present Palladian style. The building is still in use today and recently received a government grant of over 100 million dollars for renovations. Perhaps one of Neil's more prominent constructions was the design of the St. Thomas City hall in 1898–99. Darrach's design was chosen out of 10 applications submitted. The building was designed in the late Richardsonian Romanesque style. Subsequently in 1903, Neil was retained to design the City Public Library. This was achieved through Neoclassical Revival style (which now serves as a municipal building extension)adjacent to the city hall. the building was largely paid for by a Carnegie Foundation grant. Other designated heritage properties designed by Darrach include; the late Victorian building the Southern Loan Building which still has 16 functioning vaults, The Princess Avenue Play House (once a church, now a theatre) built in 1907. Despite the catalogue of buildings that are known to be built by Darrach, there is often controversy surrounding the history of some other buildings of historical value in the city which are sometimes argued to be designed by Neil. Over 24 buildings in St. Thomas are known to be designed by Neil.
Regina career
In the late 19th century in Canada architecture was a trade. Where more experienced architects would train younger architects and so on. Neil Darrach would be Maurice Sharon's mentor, who would later become Saskatchewan's first provincial architect. Later, as more colleges and universities instituted architectural programs, architects could obtain more formal training. In 1911 Neil came to Regina, Saskatchewan to work in partnership with Maurice W. Sharon, who later served as Chief Provincial Architect, Saskatchewan, 1917-1930.
Together they designed the Western Trust Company building, now a heritage building. In a brief career that lasted until 1917 (when he returned to Ontario), Darrach's designs also included the Leader Building, Westminster Presbyterian Church (later United(Pictured)) and the Donahue Block.
Legacy
After returning from Saskatchewan, Neil worked in St. Thomas again. The last piece of work prior to his death in 1926 was the Memorial Hospital, which was completed in 1923. The building no longer remains today. In summary; Wellington Street Public school, St. Thomas City hall, Old St. Thomas Public Library, Princess Avenue play house (originally a church), The former Southern Loan building are all designated heritage properties in St. Thomas while the Western Trust Company Building in Regina is also designated in Saskatchewan. Neil Darrach was referred to being a master of his art, dedicated and a prolific architect.
References
Canadian architects
1850 births
1926 deaths
Fish 'n' Chips is a 1981 album by Eddie and the Hot Rods.
Fish 'n' Chips, or variants, may refer to:
Fish and chips, a popular British dish.
Fish n' Chips (film), a 2011 British-Cypriot film.
Tornado was a bark-rigged screw steam corvette of the Spanish Navy, first launched at Clydebank, Scotland in 1863, as the Confederate raider CSS Texas. She is most famous for having captured the North American filibustering ship Virginius, which led to the "Virginius Affair", which afterwards led to the Spanish-American Crisis of 1873.
Design and construction
The ship was built as the Confederate raider CSS Texas, but was seized by the British government in 1863 and acquired in 1865. She was purchased by the Chilean government for £75,000, through Isaac Campbell & Co, in February 1866.
In early 1862, Lt. George T. Sinclair was sent to England, with orders to build a clipper propeller for cruising purposes, and to take command of her when she was ready for sea. His instructions were to confer with Commander Bulloch in Liverpool, as to the design of the vessel, and the building, fitting out and arming of her. Bulloch received orders to help Sinclair with funds and advice. He showed Sinclair the drawings and specifications for , also the contract with Lairds, and they both decided to use these as a basis for the new cruiser.
What Sinclair did, was to arrange, with the help of the Confederate diplomat James M. Mason, for an issue of bonds, each equal to 25 bales of cotton, weight . Seven individuals took up these bonds, and were effectively the owners of this new vessel. The new cruiser was contracted by James and George Thomson of Glasgow, in October 1862. The same firm that was contracted to build an ironclad ram for Lt. North. Pampero was modeled on Alabama, even though she was somewhat larger.
Pampero was to be in length, in breadth, powered by both sail and steam. Bark rigged, she was equipped for cruising under canvas or steam, with telescopic funnels, and a raise-able screw. Similar, but larger engines to Alabama were placed below the waterline for protection. Her frame was iron, with a mixture of iron and wood for the planking. Her armament was to be three pivot guns, and a broadside battery of four or more guns. The original contract called for Pampero to be ready for sea by July 1863, but the schedule could not be maintained. Guns and gun carriages were ordered, and Sinclair received £10,000 ($40,000) from Bulloch, and perhaps more. For his crew, Sinclair made arrangements for some men to come out from Baltimore. By the spring of 1863, Sinclair was becoming very concerned about Pampero, and feared that the British government would not permit the departure of any vessel suspected to be Confederate.
He visited Paris to discuss with John Slidell the possibility of transferring the vessel to France. Slidell suggested Hamburg in Germany would be a better alternative. However, Sinclair investigated this, but did not proceed with it. Meanwhile, the completion of Pampero was further delayed by labor troubles, and the seizure of Alexandria, another Confederate vessel in production at Lairds, by the British government. The Alexandria trial was indecisive, and Mason put off the launching of Pampero until a final verdict was reached.Pampero herself first came to the attention of Thomas H. Dudley, United States Consul in Liverpool, in the spring of 1863, when he made an investigative tour of Northern England and Scotland, looking for any warships being built for the Confederates. He learned that Thomsons were building a screw steamer "of about 1500 tons," designed for great speed. He was told that she was to have an angle-iron frame and teak planking, and he found that among the workmen it was generally believed that she was for the South.
On his next trip to Scotland in August 1863, his suspicions increased as new details on the vessel came to light. The builders insisted that the boat was for the Turkish government, but Dudley`s informants in the yard insisted the boat was for the Confederates, being supervised by the same men as those who supervised the building of the ironclad ram. Dudley left behind a spy in Thomsons yard, who soon reported that the vessel was rigged in the same manner as Alabama, the drawings of which, he was told, were in Glasgow.Pampero, by a Mrs. Galbraith, the vessel finally slid down the slipway on 29 October 1863. On 10 November, the American consul in Glasgow, W. L. Underwood formally requested that Pampero be detained. Although the British government did not make any immediate legal moves, in late November a British warship was moored abreast of Pampero, and she was placed under a 24-hour scrutiny by customs officers. Court proceedings against Pampero commenced on 18 March 1864, and were never satisfactorily concluded.
Capture
During the Chincha Islands War, the South American allies sent agents to European shipyards in search of unsold warships originally laid down for the Confederate states; Peru purchased two screw corvettes in France and Chile, purchased two in Britain, Tornado and the set sail from Leith with a British register, British flag, with a British crew, after having been duly examined by the Custom-house authorities, on 19 August 1866.Bentinck p.9 Bound for a neutral destination, she had no Chilean men on board.
She should have been in rendezvous with the British filibustering ship steamer Greathem Hall, aiming to interfere against the Spanish trade. However, the latter was captured by HMS Caledonia and taken into Portland. Pampero (now named Tornado) waited patiently in the rendezvous point, until the crew were ordered to re-coal and head for the desolate islands of Fernando de Noronha, an old pirate haunt off the Brazilian coast, in order to collect unpaid wages and bonuses offered for the delivery of the vessel.
The Spanish frigate, brought strict orders from the Spanish government to capture these ships. However, the Peruvian vessels made it to Latin American waters but the Chilean Pampero was about to be captured. Gerona sailed from Cádiz in the early morning of the 20th instant, arriving at Madeira, Portugal on 22nd instant. At 6:15 in the evening; before arriving at the anchoring ground, she discovered a suspicious steamer weighing anchor and apparently getting ready to put to sea, for which reason the commander of Gerona, Don Benito Escalera, thought fit to proceed towards her to see if he could obtain news, and to be at the same time in readiness to follow in her track, should she turn out to be either of the vessels indicated to him by the Spanish government.
At 8:00pm, the frigate, thinking that she perceived that Tornado was putting herself in motion, and having been confirmed in that opinion by the showing of the signal agreed upon on board the Spanish schooner, commenced to move in pursuit. The course which Tornado took was in every way suspicious, for she kept as close into the north-west shore of this island as she could, coasting along it at a very short distance as far as Cape Tristão, where she put to sea steering towards the north.
Notwithstanding that Tornado was some distance off at 10:30pm, and at a distance of more than from the coast, the captain of Gerona, a slower ship, resolved to call her attention by discharging at her a cannon loaded with blank cartridge, but seeing that she kept on her course, he fired another shotted cannon at her, and this he repeated three times, Tornado then stopped.
He sent on board of her tow boats manned and tow officers to examine her, which was done in due form, although it could not be affirmed positively whether she carried munitions of war or not on account of the great quantity of coal with which she was stowed. The commander made the captain come on board Gerona, and this latter answered the questions that were put to him with insolent and insulting words so that he was obliged to be called to order. He then ordered the said captain to return to Tornado, which was navigated to Cadiz by the 1st Lieutenant Don Manuel del Bustillo, 2nd Lieutenant, four midshipmen, one engineer, and 51 armed men, and the crew of Tornado comprising 55 men, among whom were five Portuguese taken on board at Funchal, were transferred to Gerona.
Captain John MacPherson and the crew of Tornado were treated with great severity, both on their way to Cádiz and after their arrival in that city. The case led to negotiations between the British and Spanish governments expressed the opinion that the Spanish government had no right to treat the crew as prisoners of war, much less to chain them up.
Spanish service
She was brought into Spanish service as Tornado, and rated as screw corvette. During the Ten Years' War, she saw service in Cuban waters and had a notorious incident with the American filibustering steamer Virginius, that had been bought for the purpose of being used for landing military expeditions on Cuba in aid of the insurgents. Virginius had been engaged in this work for months, being even called by one of the Havana newspapers as the famous filibuster steamer Virginius.
On 31 October 1873, she was bound from Kingston, Jamaica to some point in Cuba, flying the US flag, and carrying a cargo of war material. Having a crew of 52 (chiefly Americans and Britons) and 103 passengers (mostly Cubans), Virginius was sighted by Tornado, and she immediately fled in a northerly direction toward Jamaica, but was chased by her, captured and taken into Santiago de Cuba. Fifty-three of the crew and passengers were condemned to death by court-martial, and between 4–8 November, were shot; among them were eight American citizens.
Relations between Spain and the United States became strained, and war seemed imminent, but on 8 December, the Spanish government agreed to surrender Virginius to the US on 16 December, to deliver the survivors of the crew and passengers to a US warship at Santiago, and to salute the US flag at Santiago on 25 December if it was not proved before that date that Virginius was not entitled to sail under American colors. Virginius foundered off Cape Hatteras as she was being towed to the United States by Ossipee. George Henry Williams, the Attorney General of the United States decided before 25 December that Virginius was the property of General Quesada and other Cubans, and had had no right to carry the American flag.
Under an agreement of the 27 February 1875, the Spanish government paid to the United States an indemnity of $80,000 for the execution of the Americans, and another indemnity to the British government.Tornado was converted to a torpedo-training vessel in 1886. From 1898 until her destruction by the Nationalist aviation in 1938, she served as a hospice for poor children of sailors and fishermen killed or drowned in maritime accidents, in the port of Barcelona. She was finally broken up in 1939.
References
Sources
Accounts and papers of the House of Commons Great Britain. Parliament. House of Commons
Appletons' annual cyclopaedia and register of important events: Embracing political, military, and ecclesiastical affairs; public documents; biography, statistics, commerce, finance, literature, science, agriculture, and mechanical industry, Vol. 6.
History of the United States: From the Compromise of 1850 to the McKinley-Bryan Campaign of 1896, Vol. VII (in Eight Volumes)
Carlos López Urrutia. Historia de la Marina de Chile''
Indice Historico Español Vol. 39,Nº114 . Universitat de Barcelona. Centre d'Estudis Històrics Internacionals
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20120323132501/http://www.whenliverpoolwasdixie.co.uk/pamp.htm
http://www.spanamwar.com/spanwoodenbcruisers.htm
http://www.ligamar.cl/revis9/57.htm
Texas
Commerce raiders
1863 ships
History of Chile
Naval ships of Chile
Chincha Islands War
Captured ships
Cruisers sunk by aircraft
Shipwrecks of the Spanish Civil War
David Piltch (born January 29, 1960) is a Canadian bassist and session musician.
Biography
Piltch grew up in an artistic family. His father Bernie Piltch was a noted studio and stage saxophonist, clarinetist and flutist in Toronto from the late '40s to the early '80s. His older brother Robert is a recording guitarist, and his sister Susan plays flute and piano.
Beginning at age 17, Piltch supported jazz musicians performing at Toronto's Bourbon Street club, including Chet Baker, Art Pepper, Zoot Sims, and Mose Allison. He also accompanied his brother or father at recording sessions and gigs.
In 1979, Piltch recorded and toured with Blood, Sweat & Tears.
In 1983, Piltch formed the trio Strangeness Beauty with Ron Allen (saxophone) and Mike Sloski (drums). Before Piltch left the trio in 1983, they recorded one album: Back to Nowhere.
In the 1980s, Piltch toured and/or recorded with Mary Margaret O'Hara, Holly Cole, and k.d. lang.
Piltch moved to southern California in 1993 to participate in more projects.
Piltch has written songs with k.d. Lang, and has produced recordings for Michael Kaeshammer and Emily Saxe.
In 2008, Piltch released the album Minister of the Interior, with guest artists k.d. lang, Bill Frisell, Petra Haden, Holly Cole, and Perla Batalla.
Discography
Solo albums
1997: Piltch & Davis (Alert) with Aaron Davis
2008: Minister of the Interior (Household Ink)
2014: Music from the Front Room (Sticky Mack) with Larry Goldings and Jay Bellerose
As a member of Strangeness Beauty
1982: Back to Nowhere (C-Note 821040)
As a member of Blood, Sweat & Tears
1980: Nuclear Blues (MCA LAX Records)
With Holly Cole
1989: Christmas Blues EP (Alert)
1990: Girl Talk (Alert)
1991: Blame It on My Youth (Capitol)
1993: Don't Smoke in Bed (Capitol)
1995: Temptation (Capitol)
1996: It Happened One Night 6.28 (Metro Blue)
1997: Dark Dear Heart (Alert)
2000: Romantically Helpless (Alert)
2001: Baby, It's Cold Outside (Alert)
2003: Shade (Alert)
2007: Holly Cole (album) (Alert)
2012: Steal the Night: Live at the Glenn Gould Studio CD, DVD (Alert)
2012: Night (Universal Music Canada)
2020: Montreal (Rumpus Room Records)
With Joe Henry
2007: Civilians (ANTI-)
2009: Blood from Stars (ANTI-)
2011: Reverie (ANTI-)
2014: Invisible Hour (Work Song)
With k.d. lang
1992: Ingénue (Sire, Warner Bros.)
1995: All You Can Eat (Warner Bros.)
1997: Drag (Warner Bros.)
2000: Invincible Summer (Warner Bros.)
2004: Hymns of the 49th Parallel (Nonesuch)
2008: Watershed (Nonesuch)
As sideman
1988 - 2005
1988: Mary Margaret O'Hara - Miss America (Virgin)
1997: Janis Ian - Hunger (Windham Hill)
1997: Jim White - Wrong-Eyed Jesus (WEA)
2000: The Manhattan Transfer - The Spirit of St. Louis (Atlantic)
2001: Bill Frisell - Blues Dream (Nonesuch)
2002: Solomon Burke - Don't Give Up on Me (Fat Possum)
2004: The Holmes Brothers - Simple Truths (Alligator)
2004: Madeleine Peyroux - Careless Love (album) (Rounder / Universal)
2004: Sam Phillips - A Boot and a Shoe (Nonesuch)
2004: Jim White - Drill a Hole in That Substrate and Tell Me What You See (Luaka Bop)
2005: Bettye LaVette - I've Got My Own Hell to Raise (ANTI-)
2005: Loudon Wainwright III - Here Come the Choppers (Sovereign)
2005: Lizz Wright - Dreaming Wide Awake (Verve)
2006 - 2009
2006: Gnarls Barkley - St. Elsewhere (Downtown / Atlantic)
2006: Bruce Cockburn - Life Short Call Now (True North)
2006: John Legend - Once Again (GOOD Music / Sony)
2006: Madeleine Peyroux, Half the Perfect World (Rounder / Universal)
2007: Mary Gauthier - Between Daylight and Dark (Lost Highway)
2007: Loudon Wainwright III - Strange Weirdos (Concord)
2008: Rodney Crowell - Sex & Gasoline (Work Song / Yep Roc)
2008: Loudon Wainwright III - Recovery (Yep Roc)
2009: Ramblin' Jack Elliott - A Stranger Here (ANTI-)
2009: Salif Keita - La Différence (EmArcy)
2009: Allen Toussaint - The Bright Mississippi (Nonesuch)
2010 - 2014
2010: Aaron Neville - I Know I've Been Changed (Tell It)
2010: Mose Allison - The Way of the World (ANTI-)
2011: Hugh Laurie - Let Them Talk (Warner Bros.)
2012: Natalie D-Napoleon - Leaving Me Dry (Household Ink)
2012: Ana Moura - Desfado (Universal / Decca)
2012: Bonnie Raitt - Slipstream (Redwing)
2012: Luciana Souza - The Book of Chet (Sunnyside)
2012: Richard Thompson - Cabaret of Souls (Beeswing)
2013: Billy Bragg - Tooth & Nail (Cooking Vinyl)
2013: Robben Ford - Bringing it Back Home (Provogue)
2013: Elton John - The Diving Board (Capitol)
2013: David Myles - In The Nighttime (Turtlemusik)
2013: Hugh Laurie - Didn't It Rain (Warner Bros.)
2014: Julia Fordham - The Language of Love (Victor)
2015 - present
2015: Don Henley - Cass County (Capitol)
2015: J. D. Souther - Tenderness - (Sony Masterworks)
2016: Hayes Carll - Lovers and Leavers (Highway 87 / Thirty Tigers)
2016: Bonnie Raitt - Dig In Deep (Redwing)
2016: Willie Nelson - Summertime: Willie Nelson Sings Gershwin (Legacy)
2016: Allen Toussaint - American Tunes (Nonesuch)
2016: Chely Wright - I Am the Rain (MRI / Sony / PaintedRed)
2017: Son of the Velvet Rat - Dorado (Fluff & Gravy)
2017: Randy Newman - Dark Matter (Nonesuch)
2018: Joan Baez - Whistle Down the Wind (Proper)
2018: Rosanne Cash - She Remembers Everything (Blue Note Records)
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Musicians from Toronto
Country bass guitarists
Canadian rock bass guitarists
Canadian session musicians
Canadian jazz guitarists
Canadian country guitarists
First Baptist Church Of Wetumpka is a Southern Baptist church complex at 205 West Bridge Street in Wetumpka, Alabama that . It consisted of several connected buildings, centered on an original brick sanctuary building that was built from 1846 to 1852. The original sanctuary was slated for demolition by May 2020 following tornado damage. The grounds also include 1928–29 educational building, a 1959–60 second educational and office addition, a modern sanctuary built in 1967, and educational wing and fellowship hall that was completed in 1991. All of the buildings are centered on the original sanctuary and are linked together by a series of passages and corridors at the rear of the property. The original sanctuary was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage in 1977 and the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
History
The church congregation traces its origins back to the Coosa River Baptist Church that was established in the area in May 1821. The congregation relocated to Wetumpka in 1837 and combined with another existing congregation, renamed as the Coosa River Church of Wetumpka. It assumed its current name of First Baptist Church Of Wetumpka in 1842. Following major fires in the town during 1844 and again in 1845, the congregation began building a new brick building west of the river on property donated to them by Seth Paddock Storrs. Storrs was a member of the Presbyterian denomination, but was married to a devout Baptist woman from Massachusetts.
Construction of the historic brick sanctuary began in 1846, but proceeded slowly for several years due to funding issues. Eventually the leaders of the church turned over fund-raising to the women of the congregation, who held "bake sales, picnics, barbecues and quilt sales" until the needed funding was raised to complete the building. It was finished by the spring of 1852 and dedicated on July 11, 1852. It was substantially altered in 1909 by leading Montgomery architect Frank Lockwood. The alterations included an almost complete remodelling of the interior and the replacement of the Gothic Revival pointed arch windows with new round arched stained glass replacements.
Having outgrown the original building by the 1960s, the congregation had a new 687-seat capacity sanctuary constructed adjacent to the original. It was built to the designs of Montgomery architect Tom B. Kirkland. The new sanctuary was dedicated on July 11, 1967, exactly 115 years after the dedication of the original. The original sanctuary was rarely used after this point and had substantially deteriorated by the 1990s due to a leaking roof. The congregation, fearing the loss of the building, raised funds for a full restoration of the interior and exterior of what was now referred to as the "historic chapel." It was completed in time for a rededication on July 11, 1998.
The original sanctuary suffered extensive damage on January 19, 2019, with the entire roof and belfry being removed by an EF2 tornado. The majority of the congregation voted in 2020 to demolish the historic sanctuary. A weakened support structure and mold were noted as primary concerns. The historic stained glass windows and other artifacts were removed in late May 2020 in preparation for demolition.
See also
Historical Marker Database
References
External links
Baptist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Elmore County, Alabama
Gothic Revival church buildings in Alabama
Neoclassical architecture in Alabama
Churches completed in 1852
Churches in Elmore County, Alabama
Properties on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage
Historic American Buildings Survey in Alabama
Southern Baptist Convention churches
Neoclassical church buildings in the United States
The 2010 Mr. Olympia was an IFBB professional bodybuilding competition and the feature event of Joe Weider's Olympia Fitness & Performance Weekend 2010 which was held September 23–26, 2010 at the Las Vegas Convention Center and the Orleans Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada. It was the 46th Mr. Olympia competition. Other events at the exhibition included the 202 Olympia Showdown,
Ms. Olympia, Fitness Olympia, and Figure Olympia contests.
Results
Notable events
Jay Cutler celebrated his fourth title, and second consecutive victory
Dexter Jackson, the 2008 champion, placed 4th
Phil Heath placed runner-up in his third Mr. Olympia contest, he placed 3rd in 2008 and 5th in 2009
See also
2010 Ms. Olympia
References
External links
Mr. Olympia
2010
Mr. Olympia
Mr. Olympia 2010
2010 in bodybuilding
Mr. Olympia 2010
William Jonathon Dennis (born 10 July 2000) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for AFC Bournemouth.
Career
Dennis started his career in the academy of Luton Town before moving to join the Watford academy, where he played from under-9s up to under-16s. After being released by Watford, Dennis had trials with Milton Keynes Dons, Coventry City and Stevenage.
Dennis joined AFC Bournemouth at the age of 15 in 2016, turning professional 18 months later and joining the first-team at the start of the 2019–20 season. He also had spells in non-league with Guernsey and Weymouth during the 2017–18 season.
In March 2020 he signed a new three-and-a-half year contract with the club. Later that month he was praised by manager Eddie Howe.
On 11 December 2021, Dennis signed for Wealdstone on an emergency loan. He made his debut on the same day, in a 1–0 defeat to Halifax On 18 December 2021, Dennis was recalled from his loan spell by parent club AFC Bournemouth.
Career statistics
References
2000 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Luton Town F.C. players
Watford F.C. players
AFC Bournemouth players
Guernsey F.C. players
Weymouth F.C. players
Isthmian League players
Southern Football League players
Wealdstone F.C. players
National League (English football) players
Paranju Theeratha Visheshangal is a Malayalam language film starring Suresh Gopi & Lakshmi Gopalaswamy in the lead roles. It was released in 2007.
Cast
Suresh Gopi as Rajeevan
Lakshmi Gopalaswamy as Vijayalakshmi
Janardhanan (actor) as Raghavan Nair
Manya as Anjana Menon
Jagathy Sreekumar as Samuel
Sukumari as Rajeevan's mother
References
External links
*
2007 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Holli Sullivan is an American politician, businesswoman, and engineer serving as the 62nd secretary of state of Indiana. As a member of the Republican Party, she previously represented the 78th district in the Indiana House of Representatives from 2014 to 2021.
Early life and education
A native of Vanderburgh County, Indiana, Sullivan graduated from John H. Castle High School. She earned a Bachelor of Science degree in industrial engineering from the University of Missouri and took business management courses at Lindenwood University.
Early career
Sullivan began her career in the paint department of General Motors. From 1999 to 2001, she was the assistant manager of quality for Toyota Motor North America. She was an engineering consultant at the Center for Applied Research of the University of Southern Indiana and later owned Onward Consulting.
Indiana House of Representatives
In 2014, the district 78 seats in the Indiana House of Representatives was vacated by Suzanne Crouch, who had been appointed Indiana state auditor. House District 78 contains parts of Vanderburgh and Warrick counties. Portions of Evansville as well as Newburgh and McCutchanville are within the borders of the district. Sullivan was elected to fill the position in a caucus by precinct committeemen. She was appointed to the House Ways and Means Committee and the Committee on Roads and Transportation. Sullivan was challenged in the 2014 election by Stephen Melcher but defeated him winning 63.8% of the vote. She was challenged in the 2016 election by Philip Bennett but defeated him winning 66.44% of the vote.
In 2017, she co-authored House Bill 1002, which provided for a long term plan for sustaining roads and bridges in Indiana including a phase-in shift of all gas tax to be dedicated to a dedicated infrastructure fund. That same session, she authored a bill which created a strategic plan to reduce cervical cancer.
Indiana Secretary of State
In 2021, Holli was named the 62nd secretary of state of Indiana by Governor Eric Holcomb.
In June 2022, at the Indiana Republican Party's convention to select their candidates for the general election, Sullivan was defeated by Diego Morales in what was considered an upset.
References
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Indiana Republicans
Living people
Members of the Indiana House of Representatives
Politicians from Evansville, Indiana
Secretaries of State of Indiana
University of Missouri alumni
Women state legislators in Indiana
Year of birth missing (living people)
Amy Beth Dziewiontkowski, known professionally as Amy Ryan, is an American actress of stage and screen. A graduate of New York's High School of Performing Arts, she is an Academy Award nominee and two-time Tony Award nominee.
Ryan began her professional stage career in 1987 and made her Broadway debut in 1993 as a replacement in the original production of The Sisters Rosensweig. She was featured in season 1 episode 22 of Home Improvement as Jill's sister going through a relationship spat during Tim's poker game. She went on to receive Tony Award nominations for Best Featured Actress in a Play for the 2000 revival of Uncle Vanya and the 2005 revival of A Streetcar Named Desire. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance as Helene McCready in the 2007 film Gone Baby Gone. The role also earned her a Golden Globe nomination and won her a Critics' Choice Award. Her other films include Changeling (2008), Win Win (2011) and Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance) (2014). On television, she played Beadie Russell in HBO's The Wire (2002–2008), Holly Flax in NBC's The Office (2008–2011) and Adele Brousse in HBO's In Treatment (2010). In 2021, she had a main role in the Hulu comedy series Only Murders in the Building.
Early life
Ryan was born Amy Beth Dziewiontkowski in Flushing, Queens in New York City, the daughter of Pamela (née Ryan), a nurse, and John Dziewiontkowski, a trucking business owner. She is of Polish, Irish, and English descent. Growing up in the 1970s, Ryan and her sister Laura delivered the Daily News by bike. At a young age, Ryan attended the Stagedoor Manor Performing Arts Center in upstate New York. At 17, she graduated from New York's High School of Performing Arts. Hired for the national tour of Biloxi Blues right out of high school, Ryan worked steadily off-Broadway for the next decade. She chose her mother's maiden name as her stage name.
Career
Theatre
Ryan made her off-Broadway debut in the Westside Theatre's 1987 production of A Shayna Maidel, playing the role of Hanna. The following year she was seen in the Second Stage Theatre Company's revival of The Rimers of Eldritch. Additional off-Broadway credits include As Bees In Honey Drown, Crimes of the Heart and Saved. She also worked in regional theater, where she originated roles in new plays by Neil LaBute, Arthur Miller and Neil Simon. On Broadway she has appeared as Tess in The Sisters Rosensweig, Natasha in the 1997 revival of The Three Sisters, and Peggy in the 2001–2002 revival of The Women.
Ryan was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Play twice: in 2000, for her portrayal of Sonya Alexandrovna in Uncle Vanya, and in 2005, for her performance as Stella Kowalski opposite John C. Reilly in A Streetcar Named Desire.
Ryan received some of the best reviews of her career for her leading role in the Roundabout Theater Company's 2016 production of Love, Love, Love. Ben Brantley of The New York Times praised her "smashing comic performance," The Hollywood Reporter called her work "emotionally vital," and The Associated Press raved that "Ryan is absolutely magnetic ... nailing her charming, unpredictable character with perfect comedic timing." In an article exploring various famous actresses working on the stage, The Washington Post theater critic Peter Marks highlighted Ryan's work in the play:
The revelation is not that Amy Ryan is good. It's that she's this good ... Ryan, whose range has been apparent for years, in dramatic performances nominated for Tonys (Uncle Vanya) and Oscars (Gone Baby Gone), as well as in nuanced comic turns on television shows like The Office, manages a feat in Love, Love, Love that she's never accomplished so fluidly before: taking charge. She delivers a front-and-center performance of such beguiling dynamism (in a thoroughly convincing English accent) that you feel this Roundabout Theatre Company production has done for her precisely what was intended. It exposes a new facet of her talent — and leaves us with that uplifting itch, to be there the next time she's on a stage.
For her performance in Love, Love, Love, Ryan won the Obie Award for Distinguished Performance by an Actress, and was nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actress in a Play and the Drama League Award for Distinguished Performance.
Television
Following a brief stint playing a runaway on As the World Turns, Ryan was cast in television series such as I'll Fly Away, After roles on ER and Chicago Hope, Ryan became a series regular on The Naked Truth as Téa Leoni's spoiled stepdaughter. In 1993, she made her first appearance on NBC's Law & Order, appearing in several episodes over the years.
By 2001, director Sidney Lumet cast her in 100 Centre Street playing three different roles (Ellen, Paris and Rebecca). Ryan went on to feature prominently in the second season of HBO's The Wire, playing Port Authority Officer Beadie Russell. She appeared for a six-episode arc on The Office as dorky HR rep Holly Flax. She reprised her role on The Office in seasons 5 and 7.
Ryan joined the cast of HBO's In Treatment for its third season, playing the therapist of Dr. Paul Weston.
Film
Because of the deletion of the scene where she played Eric Stoltz's wife in Allison Anders's Grace of My Heart, Ryan made her 1999 film debut in Roberta. She then briefly appeared in You Can Count on Me, which starred Laura Linney and Mark Ruffalo, and the mystery/thriller Keane. Albert Brooks chose her to play his wife in Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World in 2005, and 2007 brought both Dan in Real Life and Before the Devil Knows You're Dead. Her role as a star-struck sheriff's wife in Capote earned her positive reviews, but it was playing a hardened welfare mom in Ben Affleck's Gone Baby Gone that finally brought her national attention.
After being voted Best Supporting Actress for Gone Baby Gone by the National Board of Review, as well as the critics circles in New York, Los Angeles, Boston, San Francisco and Washington, D.C., Ryan's performance was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and an Oscar for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting role at the 80th Academy Awards.
Ryan appeared in Changeling (2008), directed by Clint Eastwood, and opposite Matt Damon in Paul Greengrass's Green Zone (2010). In September 2010, she completed filming a role in Philip Seymour Hoffman's directorial film debut, Jack Goes Boating, taking over the role of Connie originally played by Beth Cole in the stage version. Ryan received strong notices for her performance in Tom McCarthy's Win Win the next year, winning Best Supporting Actress awards from multiple regional critics groups.
Ryan was a part of the core ensemble of the 2014 Best Picture Academy Award winning film Birdman, sharing in the cast's Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture victory. In 2015, she starred as Mary Donovan opposite Tom Hanks in the film Bridge of Spies, and reunited with her In Treatment co-star Gabriel Byrne in Louder Than Bombs, the English-language debut of Joachim Trier. Early the next year, Ryan was cast as Tracy, her first on-screen leading role, in Abundant Acreage Available, a rural family drama from Junebug screenwriter Angus MacLachlan. Upon the film's premiere at the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival, Ryan drew universal acclaim for her performance, with The Wrap noting that she "holds the screen no matter what she's doing and who she's with" and Flavorwire raving that Ryan "sounds notes that are quietly dazzling in their complexity." Variety chief film critic Peter Debruge dubbed the performance a career highlight:
It's a pleasure to see such a fine actress navigate the nuances of her role ... Only on the big screen are we able to fully appreciate the minutely detailed nature of Ryan's performance, revealing Tracy's soul via the slightest narrowing of the eyes or the almost-subliminal tensing of her cheekbones. As we know, Junebug earned Amy Adams an Oscar nomination, and if the world were fair, this role would bring another Amy similar attention.
In 2018, Ryan co-starred in Beautiful Boy for Amazon Studios, a dark family drama, with her The Office co-star Steve Carell, and Timothée Chalamet. She was then among the ensemble cast of 2019's Late Night, the Mindy Kaling-penned comedy about a female late-night talk show host (Emma Thompson); and Strange but True, a noir-thriller based on the novel by John Searles. In 2020, Ryan starred as Mari Gilbert, a real life woman searching for her missing daughter, in Netflix's mystery thriller Lost Girls.
Personal life
Ryan married Eric Slovin in 2011. They have one daughter, Georgia Gracie (born October 15, 2009).
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
The Wire biography from the HBO website
Interview with Amy Ryan on her rôle in Gone Baby Gone from filmplosion.com
Actresses from New York City
American film actresses
American people of English descent
American people of Irish descent
American people of Polish descent
American stage actresses
American television actresses
Living people
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School alumni
Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture Screen Actors Guild Award winners
People from Flushing, Queens
1968 births
Johann Vierthaler (5 July 1869 – December 1957) was a German sculptor.
Following preliminary studies at the Königliche Kunstgewerbeschule in Munich, he studied at the Academy of Fine Arts from 1895 to 1900, under Syrius Eberle. He was a regular participant in exhibitions at the Glaspalast, and is best known for his small bronze figures in the Art Nouveau style.
His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics. He also participated in the Große Deutsche Kunstausstellung of 1942; a showcase for Nazi-approved art.
References
External links
Works by Vierthaler @ ArtNet
1869 births
1957 deaths
20th-century German sculptors
20th-century German male artists
German male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Munich
The 2013 season was St. Patrick's Athletic F.C.'s 84th year in existence and their 62nd consecutive season in the League of Ireland. It was the second year that Liam Buckley was the team's manager, following replacing Pete Mahon in December 2011. St Pat's finished the season as the 2013 League of Ireland Premier Division champions. They were also Leinster Senior Cup runners-up. They also competed in the UEFA Europa League, the FAI Cup, the Setanta Cup and the League of Ireland Cup.
Squad
Transfers
Preseason
In
Out
Summer
In
Out
Squad statistics
Appearances, goals and cards
Number in brackets represents (of which were substituted ON).
Last Updated – 26 October 2013
Top scorers
Includes all competitive matches.
Last updated 26 October 2013
Top Assists
Includes all competitive matches.
Last updated 26 October 2013
Top Clean Sheets
Includes all competitive matches.
Last updated 26 October 2013
Disciplinary record
Captains
Club
Technical Staff
Manager: Liam Buckley
Assistant Manager: Harry Kenny
Head Of Player Recruitment, Chief Scout, Coach: Dave Campbell
Strength and Conditioning Coach: Ger McDermott
Video Analysis: Graham Buckley
Goalkeeping Coach: Pat Jennings Jr.
Kit
|
|
|
|
|
|
|}
The club's home and home alternate kits were retained from the 2012 season, with new away and third kits released for the season.
Matchdays
Days
Times
Televised Matches
Channels
Competitions
League of Ireland
The 2013 League of Ireland fixtures were announced on 19 December 2013. St Patrick's Athletic were revealed to have Drogheda United at home in the first day of the season, with an extra special Dublin derby away to Shamrock Rovers on the second day of the season following Pats' signing Killian Brennan and Sean Gannon, whilst Rovers signed James Chambers, Sean O'Connor, Barry Murphy and also assistant manager Trevor Croly as manager, from the Saints.
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
FAI Cup
Second round
Third round
Quarter Final
Setanta Cup
The draw for the first round of the Setanta Cup took place on the sixth of December 2012. St Patrick's Athletic were drawn to play Irish League side Glentoran, with the first leg at home in Richmond Park on Monday 11 February 2013 live on Setanta Sports and the return leg on the 18th at The Oval in Belfast.
First round
EA Sports Cup
Second round
Quarter Final
Leinster Senior Cup
Fourth round
Quarter Final
Semi Final
Final
Europa League
1st qualifying round
Preseason friendlies
Records
Overall
{|class="wikitable" style="text-align: center;"
|-
!
!Total
!Home
!Away
|-
|align=left| Games played || 46 || 24 || 22
|-
|align=left| Games won || 27 || 13 || 14
|-
|align=left| Games drawn || 9 || 8 || 2
|-
|align=left| Games lost || 8 || 4 || 5
|-
|align=left| The Biggest win || 5-0 vs UCD || 5-0 vs UCD || 4-0 vs Shamrock Rovers
|-
|align=left| The Biggest loss || 3-0 vs Shamrock Rovers || 2-1 vs Dundalk, VMFD Žalgiris || 3-0 vs Shamrock Rovers
|-
|align=left| The Biggest win (League) || 5-0 vs UCD || 5-0 vs UCD || 4-0 vs Shamrock Rovers
|-
|align=left| The Biggest win (Cup) || 4-0 vs UCD || 4-0 vs UCD || 3-0 vs Bray Wanderers
|-
|align=left| The Biggest win (Europe) || N/A || N/A || N/A
|-
|align=left| The Biggest loss (League) || 3-0 vs Shamrock Rovers || 2-1 vs Dundalk || 3-0 vs Shamrock Rovers
|-
|align=left| The Biggest loss (Cup) || 2-0 vs Shamrock Rovers || 2-0 vs Shamrock Rovers || 1-0 vs Glentoran, 2-1 vs Shamrock Rovers
|-
|align=left| The Biggest loss (Europe) || 2-1 vs VMFD Žalgiris || 2-1 vs VMFD Žalgiris || N/A
|-
|align=left| Clean sheets || 24 || 14 || 10
|-
|align=left| Goals scored || 76 || 39 || 37
|-
|align=left| Goals conceded || 30 || 13 || 19
|-
|align=left| Goal difference || 47 || 26 || 17
|-
|align=left| Consecutive Victories || 7 || 4 || 8
|-
|align=left| Unbeaten run || 15 || 10 || 8
|-
|align=left| Consecutive Defeats || 1 || 0 || 2
|-
|align=left| Winless Run || 4 || 3 || 4
|-
|align=left| Average per game || 1.7 || 1.6 || 1.7
|-
|align=left| Average per game || 0.6 || 0.5 || 0.7
|-
|align=left| Points (League) || 71/99 (74%) || 34/51 (67%) || 35/50 (74%)
|-
|align=left| Winning rate || 60% || 54% || 67%
|-
|align=left| Most appearances || Conan Byrne – 44 || Conan Byrne – 24 || Ger O'Brien – 20
|-
|align=left| Top scorer || Conan Byrne – 13 || Conan Byrne – 6 || Conan Byrne – 7
|-
References
External links
St Patrick's Athletic FC Website
St Patrick's Athletic Supporters Forum
2013 St Patrick's Athletic F.C. season at Soccerway
St Patrick's Athletic
2013
Milagros Abigail “Mili” Menéndez (born 23 March 1997) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish Segunda División Pro club Granada CF and the Argentina women's national team. A successful kart racing driver as a teenager, she played an Asociación de Futbol Femenino de la Provincia de Buenos Aires (AFFEBA) national tournament for General Urquiza FC of Mar del Plata before being transferred to UAI Urquiza in 2015.
International career
Menéndez was selected by the senior team of Argentina for the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup. On 19 June that year, during the tournament, she scored her first international goal, in a 3–3 group stage draw against Scotland.
International goals
Scores and results list Argentina's goal tally first
References
External links
Argentine women fight against inequality in soccer Daily Herald, 7 November 2018
1997 births
Living people
Women's association football forwards
Argentine women's footballers
Sportspeople from Mar del Plata
Argentina women's international footballers
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Pan American Games silver medalists for Argentina
Pan American Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 2019 Pan American Games
UAI Urquiza (women) players
Female racing drivers
Medalists at the 2019 Pan American Games
ho., also known as ho-mobile, is a mobile telephone service offered by VEI S.r.l., an Italian Mobile Virtual Network Operator (ESP MVNO).
It's the low-cost operator of Vodafone Italy.
References
External links
Telecommunications
Telecommunication companies of Italy
Mobile telecommunications
Mobile telecommunication services
Mobile phone companies of Italy
The spined loach (Cobitis taenia) is a common freshwater fish in Europe. It is sometimes known as spotted weather loach, not to be confused with the "typical" weather loaches of the genus Misgurnus. This is the type species of the spiny loach genus (Cobitis) and the true loach family (Cobitidae).
Description
The spined loach typically reaches an adult length of , although females may grow up to . Adults weigh between . Their backs feature a yellow-brown colouring interspersed with many small grey or brown scales on the spinal ridge. The scales on the belly are pale yellow or orange. The body overall is long and thin. There are 6 barbels around the mouth. Under the eyes there is a two-pointed spike, with which the fish can inflict a painful sting.
Distribution and relationships
It is found from the Volga River basin to France. Generally it occurs across much of temperate Europe north of the Alpide belt, with the exceptions of Ireland, Scotland, Wales and northern Scandinavia. Some populations are also found just south of the Alpides. In the UK, the spined loach appears to be restricted to five east-flowing river systems in eastern England – the Rivers Trent, Welland, Witham, Nene and Great Ouse.
Populations of southwestern Europe were formerly included in this species, but actually represent distinct branches of Cobitis. A member of subgenus Cobitis, close relatives of the spined loach are C. elongatoides, C. fahirae, C. tanaitica or C. vardarensis which replace it in northern Greece, much of Romania, and western Turkey.
Ecology and behaviour
Clear oxygen-rich water is preferred by the spined loach, be it slowly flowing brooks, rivers or still water. They are found near flat and sandy or stony areas, frequently in large numbers. The spined loach is often kept as an ornamental fish in aquaria.
During the day, they bury themselves in the bed of the body of water, leaving only the head and tail exposed. At night, when the loach is most active, sand on the riverbed is consumed, and with it small animals and other organic material. Sand, stripped of nutrients, is ejected through the gills. This process must continue all night for the fish to get enough calories to survive.
Spined loaches possess the ability of intestinal breathing. This stop-gap measure sustains the spined loach when the water around it is oxygen-poor. At the water's surface swallowed air brings oxygen into the intestine. The expended air is expelled through the anus.
The spawning season is from April to June. The females produce between 300 and 1,500 eggs close to the ground: on stones, roots or plants. The eggs are then fertilized by the males. The larvae hatch in 4 to 6 days.
The spined loach's lifespan is between 3 and 5 years, with the maximum reached in captivity being 10 years.
See also
Loach
Footnotes
References
(2008): The molecular diversity of adriatic spined loaches (Teleostei, Cobitidae). Mol. Phylogenet. Evol. 46(1): 382–390. (HTML abstract)
Cobitis
Freshwater fish of Europe
Fish of Europe
Fish of Russia
Fish described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Jeremiah Kinane (1884–1959) was an Irish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as the Bishop of Waterford and Lismore, then Coadjutor Archbishop of Cashel & Emly until when he became the Metropolitan Archbishop of Cashel & Emly.
Kinane was born in Gortnahulla, Upperchurch, County Tipperary on 15 November 1884. He was ordained to the priesthood in Rome on 24 April 1910. From 1911 to 1933 he was Professor of Canon Law at St. Patrick's College, Maynooth. He was appointed the Bishop of Waterford and Lismore on 21 April 1933 and received episcopal ordination on 29 June 1933. He was then appointed titular archbishop of Decros and coadjutor of Cashel & Emly on 31 January 1942. On the death of Archbishop John Harty, Dr. Kinane succeeded as the Metropolitan Archbishop of Cashel & Emly on 11 September 1946.
A noted anti-Communist, he opposed various left wing and republican organisations during his time and was involved in controversy in the dismissal of teachers who were Communist in schools run by him.
He served as secretary to the bishops conference in Maynooth. He died in office on 18 February 1959, aged 74.
References
1884 births
1959 deaths
People from County Tipperary
Roman Catholic bishops of Waterford and Lismore
Roman Catholic archbishops of Cashel
Pontifical Irish College alumni
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Ireland
TIRF may refer to:
Total internal reflection fluorescence microscope
Traffic Injury Research Foundation, in partnership with Toyota Canada Inc.
Trans-inclusionary radical feminism
Inder District (, ) is a district of Atyrau Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the urban-type settlement of Inderbor. Population:
Geography
Inder lake is located in the district.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Atyrau Region
This is a list of the tallest buildings in Portugal. Since 1998 the tallest building in Portugal has been the Torre Vasco da Gama in Lisbon.
Tallest completed buildings
This list ranks all finished buildings in Portugal that stand at least tall.
Proposed buildings
References
Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law is an American adult animated television sitcom created by Michael Ouweleen and Erik Richter for Cartoon Network's late-night programming block, Adult Swim. A spin-off of Space Ghost Coast to Coast, the series revolves around the activity of the Sebben & Sebben law firm, which is staffed mainly by superheroes and other characters who had originally been featured in past Hanna-Barbera cartoons, most notably Birdman and the Galaxy Trio.
The pilot first aired as a sneak peek on Cartoon Network on December 30, 2000.
The series officially premiered on Adult Swim on September 2, 2001, the night the block launched. It ended on July 22, 2007, with a total of 39 episodes, over the course of four seasons. The entire series has been made available on DVD, and other forms of home media, including on-demand streaming.
A special, entitled Harvey Birdman: Attorney General, premiered on October 15, 2018, and a spin-off, Birdgirl, premiered on April 5, 2021.
Premise
Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law features ex-superhero Harvey Birdman of Birdman and the Galaxy Trio as an attorney working for a law firm alongside other cartoon stars from the 1960s and 1970s Hanna-Barbera cartoon series. Harvey's clients are also primarily characters taken from the Hanna-Barbera cartoon series of the same era.
Many of Birdman's nemeses from his former cartoon series appear as attorneys, often representing the opposing side of a given case. Harvey usually fills the role of a criminal defense attorney, though he will act as a civil litigator or other similar roles when the plot calls for it.
The series uses a surrealist style of comedy, featuring characters, objects, and jokes that are briefly introduced and rarely (if ever) referenced thereafter. Because the series relies heavily on popular culture references to classic television animation, Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law constantly delves into parody, featuring clips of these series or specially created scenes which mimic the distinctive style of the animation being referenced.
Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law is the first Williams Street cartoon to maintain continuity through the entire series. Various episodes reference Harvey's (or another superhero's) former crime-fighting career. The episode "Turner Classic Birdman" serves to bridge the gap between Birdman and the Galaxy Trio and Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law.
Much of the humor is derived from giving superheroes and supervillains more eccentric qualities, such as transforming mad scientist Dr. Myron Reducto into a paranoid prosecutor. Several of the plots revolve around popular myths about classic Hanna-Barbera characters, such as Shaggy and Scooby-Doo being recreational drug users.
Voice cast
Gary Cole as Harvey Birdman, Judge Hiram Mightor
Stephen Colbert as Phil Ken Sebben, Myron Reducto
Joe Alaskey as Peter Potamus (first appearance only), Number One
Thomas Allen as Peanut
Paget Brewster as Judy Ken Sebben/Birdgirl
Grey DeLisle as Debbie, Daphne Blake, Dr. Gale Melody, Mary
Chris Edgerly as Peter Potamus (every other appearance), DVD, Mr. Finkerton, The Funky Phantom, Tinker, Tod Devlin, Augie Doggie, Barracuda, Cumulus the Storm King, Captain Caveman, Gorak, Fancy Fancy, Chuck
John Michael Higgins as Mentok the Mindtaker, Zardo, Grape Ape
Maurice LaMarche as Azul Falcone, Stan Freezoid, Apache Chief, Fred Flintstone, Yogi Bear, Der Spuzmacher, Inch High, Speed Buggy, Hi-Riser, Doggie Daddy, Droopy, Quick Draw McGraw, Wally Gator, Morocco Mole, Vince, Cavey Jr., Magilla Gorilla, Mr. Peebles, Benny the Ball, Dum Dum, Shazzan, Atom Ant, Nitron
Peter MacNicol as X the Eliminator
Michael McKean as Evelyn Spyro Throckmorton
Matt Peccini as The Bear
Neil Ross as Vulturo, Dr. Benton Quest, Ding-A-Ling Wolf
Debi Mae West as Gigi
Paul Adelstein as Murro the Marauder
Jack Angel as General
Dee Bradley Baker as Jonny Quest, Lizard Man
Michael Bell as Zan
Jeff Bergman as George Jetson (in "Shaggy Busted"), Old Man Bakov, Clown
Mary Birdsong as Chibo, Tana
Lewis Black as Elliott the Deadly Duplicator
Steven Blum as Yakky Doodle, Clamhead, Stavros
Patience Cleveland as Tangy Devlin
Bill Farmer as Secret Squirrel
Keith Ferguson as Bill Ken Sebben
Nika Futterman as Debbie
Mark Hamill as Ricochet Rabbit
Toby Huss as Ernie Devlin, Shado
Scott Innes as Shaggy Rogers, Scooby-Doo, Scrappy-Doo
Tom Kenny as Boo-Boo Bear, Elroy Jetson, Top Cat, Choo Choo, Computer Voice
David Koechner as Cubby McQuilken
Phil LaMarr as Black Vulcan
Steve Landesberg as Bailiff, Grok, Doctor Quincy
Tress MacNeille as Wilma Flintstone, Pebbles Flintstone
Diane Michelle as Jane Jetson, Orbitty
Laraine Newman as Sybil Schussler
Rob Paulsen as Baba Looey
Thom Pinto as Race Bannon
Doug Preis as Thundarr the Barbarian, Beegle Beagle
Kevin Michael Richardson as Barney Rubble
Erik Richter as Tibetan Monk, Chunga, Gokk
André Sogliuzzo as Dynomutt
Fred Tatasciore as Nikos
B.J. Ward as Velma Dinkley
Frank Welker as Fred Jones, Jabberjaw, Biff, Robot, Avenger
Billy West as Dr. Zin
Kym Whitley as Norlissa
Wally Wingert as Hadji, George Jetson (in "Back to the Present"), Astro, Harry Twiddles, Moby Dick
Episodes
Production
Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law creators Michael Ouweleen and Erik Richter were originally writers for Space Ghost Coast to Coast, which is where the titular character made his debut. The show was Adult Swim's most expensive original series at the time, and is the most expensive spin-off of Space Ghost Coast to Coast.
Although the first season was animated using digital ink and paint, the remaining seasons were animated using Adobe After Effects. The reason for the switch was that the animation studio was having difficulty maintaining the fast pace of the show, and thus the production of episodes slowed down due to constant retakes.
By animating the later episodes at Turner Studios in Atlanta with Adobe Flash, not only were problems corrected more quickly, but production costs were much lower.
International broadcast
In Canada, Harvey Birdman, Attorney At Law previously aired on Teletoon's Teletoon at Night block and later G4's Adult Digital Distraction block. The series currently airs on the Canadian version of Adult Swim.
Special
On May 14, 2018, it was announced that there would be an upcoming special based on the series entitled Harvey Birdman: Attorney General. In the special, Harvey Birdman becomes the next Attorney General of the United States, under President Phil Ken Sebben. The original voice cast returned for the special. It premiered at midnight on October 15, 2018.
Reception
In 2009, Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law was named the 91st-best animated series by IGN. They called the concept of the show "wonderful" and the show as a whole "especially clever." The review summarized that "Harvey Birdman worked as both a parody and homage to these animated characters we know and love, with plenty of funny, surreal jokes along the way."
Home media
Each DVD is in the shape of a law book. Each season's box art is nearly identical, and the only change for each season is the background colour (Volume One is brown purple, Volume Two is blue, and Volume Three is black). The small picture next to the title and the title itself also appears different. In April 2005, Adult Swim had a "Do Our Work For Us" contest for Harvey Birdman Season 1 on DVD. The objective of the contest was to ask viewers to make their own fan-made promo commercial for the upcoming DVD.
Music
The theme song is an edited version of the song "Slow Moody Blues" written by Reg Tilsley. Other notable songs used in the show include Charlie Steinman's "It Is Such A Good Night" (also known as "Scoobidoo Love") and a lyricless version of Gianni Morandi's "La Mia Mania" (also known as "Okay Maria").
Video game
A video game based on the series has been released for the PlayStation 2, Wii and PlayStation Portable video game consoles. It was developed by High Voltage Software and published by Capcom, with gameplay mechanics similar to Capcom's Ace Attorney series. It was released on January 8, 2008, and includes five new, interactive cases.
References
External links
Online Channel Australia
IGN's 10 Questions: Harvey Birdman
IGN's review of the DVD set, Harvey Birdman: Attorney at Law, Volume 1
2000s American adult animated television series
2000s American legal television series
2000s American sitcoms
2000s American superhero comedy television series
2000s American surreal comedy television series
2000s American workplace comedy television series
2000 American television series debuts
2007 American television series endings
Animated adult television sitcoms
American adult animated television spin-offs
American adult animated comedy television series
American adult animated superhero television series
American animated sitcoms
American flash adult animated television series
Television series by Cartoon Network Studios
Crossover animated television series
English-language television shows
Adult Swim original programming
Space Ghost Coast to Coast
Television series by Williams Street
Fuchsia denticulata is a small shrub or vine in the family Onagraceae, native to Bolivia and Peru.
References
apetala
Flora of Bolivia
Flora of Peru
Miguel Saiz (May 17, 1949 – October 22, 2019) was an Argentine politician latterly of the Radical Civic Union (UCR), who served as governor of Río Negro Province from 2003 until 2011.
Born in Montevideo, Uruguay, Saiz studied at the National University of Córdoba and became a lawyer. He became affiliated with the centrist UCR in 1983, and subsequently directed the National Register of Secured Credit, was Vice President of the Forensic Fund of Río Negro, and President of the SanCor co-operative's insurance division. He was elected Councilman in General Roca in 1989, and mayor of the city in 1991; he was re-elected in 1995 and served in the post until 1999. He became a provincial deputy that year and was president of the Río Negro chapter of the UCR-led Alliance (in power nationally between 1999 and 2001).
Saiz was elected governor of the province in 2003, defeating Carlos Soria. He became a leading supporter within UCR ranks of the left-wing Peronist President Néstor Kirchner, and helped form the "K Radicals" caucus (UCR supporters of Kirchner).
Saiz ran for re-election against Justicialist Party politician Miguel Ángel Pichetto in the 2007 gubernatorial race. President Kirchner considered backing Saiz at the expense of his own party, though ultimately opted to play no role in the provincial election. Saiz won re-election over Pichetto by around 5% with the support of various leftist parties, and his membership in the UCR was subsequently suspended by the party committee. Eventually in 2011, he withdrew supporting Cristina Kirchner.
References
External links
Río Negro Province
1949 births
2019 deaths
People from Montevideo
Uruguayan emigrants to Argentina
National University of Córdoba alumni
Radical Civic Union politicians
Mayors of General Roca, Río Negro
Governors of Río Negro Province
Wim Soutaer (born 27 June 1974) is a Belgian singer best known for placing third in Idool 2003, the Belgian version of Pop Idol.
Biography
Soutaer began singing in the early 1990s with his school band State Of Mind who performed benefit concerts of original songs and also covers of Pearl Jam, Nirvana and Metallica. When the guitarist left, they renamed themselves Bodhi and played at many festivals around Belgium, they also competed in many competitions including "Rockvonk" and placed third in "KumoRock".
In 2000, Soutaer wanted to sing solo and joined the project Soundmixshow a sort of precursor talent show to Idool, Soutaer placed fourth in competition overall, at this time he compared his style to Billy Joel, Mike Patton and Elton John.
In 2003, Soutaer entered the auditions for the contest Idool 2003 where he was told by jury member Jan Leyers that he has a good voice for Flemish music. After Soutaer placed third on the show he gained a recording contract with BMG Belgium and recorded his first CD Een Nieuw Begin (A New Start) which was produced by Ronald Vanhuffel who has had previous success with Blof and Volumia, the first single was Allemaal (Everyone) which was a huge hit reaching #1, selling 40,000 copies and winning the Zomerhit 2003 Best Song Of The Year.
The second single from Een Nieuw Begin was Ik Hoor Bij Jou (I Belong With You). The third was Voor Altijd (For Always), based on the 1997 Nek hit Laura non c'e, and was another #1 hit on the Ultratop 50.
In August 2004, Soutaer released his second CD Twee (Two) and his first live DVD "In Miami". This was followed by his first tour "Twee" around Flanders, as well as a live performance on the popular live music show Tien Om Te Zien.
October 2005 brought a management change for Soutaer who signed with Niels William, assembling a team of writers including Hans Francken of Clouseau. He released a single Die Zomer Gaat Nooit Voorbij which was released on 17 June as a sample for his third CD released in October 2006. This was a cover of South African artist Kurt Darren's Hemel op Tafelberg in Afrikaans.
In 2001 he married Axelle Reuters, with whom he had a daughter in 2007.
Discography
Idool 2003 performances
Brussels Auditions: Honesty by Billy Joel
Theatre Round Day One: Better Man by Robbie Williams
Theatre Round Day Two: Uptown Girl by Billy Joel
Theatre Round Day Three: Faith by George Michael
Top 50: Honesty by Billy Joel
Top 10: Drops Of Jupiter (Tell Me) by Train
Top 9: With Or Without You by U2
Top 8: Afscheid by Marco Borsato
Top 7: Iris by Goo Goo Dolls
Top 6: I Heard It Through The Grapevine by Marvin Gaye
Top 5: Mack The Knife by Louis Armstrong
Top 4: Hero by Enrique Iglesias
Top 4: The Rhythm Divine by Enrique Iglesias
Top 3: Love Is All Around by Wet Wet Wet
Top 3: Blauw by The Scene
See also
Belgian music
External links
Official website
1974 births
Living people
People from Halle, Belgium
Flemish musicians
Idols (franchise) participants
Dutch-language singers of Belgium
English-language singers from Belgium
Belgian pop singers
21st-century Belgian male singers
Masaaki Kijima (born 1957) is a Japanese economist and mathematician. The Dean of the School of Informatics and Data Science at Hiroshima University, he has made significant contributions to applied probability and financial engineering. The most familiar of his contributions in the field of applied probability was the development of the G-renewal process. Kijima graduated with a bachelor's degree from the Tokyo Institute of Technology in 1980, then obtained a Ph.D. in business from the University of Rochester in 1986.
Work
Kijima and Sumita were the first to develop the generalized renewal process (GRP). Two years later, Kijima, Morimura, and Suzuki adapted the G-Renewal process to model the failure process of repairable systems with general repair conditions through the notion of the virtual age.
Published books
Stochastic Processes with Applications to Finance 2nd Edition, Kijima Masaaki, CRC Press LLC, April 2013,
Stochastic Processes with Applications to Finance, Kijima Masaaki, CRC Press LLC, July 2002,
Markov Processes for Stochastic Modeling, Kijima Masaaki, Springer, January 1997,
Selected scholarly papers
Some results for repairable systems with general repair, Masaaki Kijima, Journal of Applied Probability, Vol. 26(1), pages: 89–102, 1989
Periodical replacement problem without assuming minimal repair, Masaaki Kijima, European Journal of Operational Research, Vol. 37(2), pages: 194–203, 1988
Economic models for the environmental Kuznets curve: A survey, Journal of Economic Dynamics and Control, Masaaki Kijima, Katsumasa Nishide, Atsuyuki Ohyama, Vol. 34(7), pages: 1187–1201, 2010
A useful generalization of renewal theory: Counting processes governed by nonnegative Markovian increments, Masaaki Kijima and Ushio Sumita, Journal of Applied Probability, Vol. 23(1), pages: 71–88, 1986
A Markov chain model for valuing credit risk derivatives, Masaaki Kijima and Katsuya Komoribayashi, Journal of Derivatives, Vol. 6(1), pages: 97–108, 1998
On the significance of expected shortfall as a coherent risk measure, Masaaki Kijima and Koji Inui, Journal of Banking and Finance, Vol. 29, pages: 853–864, 2005
A Markovian framework in multi-factor Heath-Jarrow-Morton models, Masaaki Kijima and Koji Inui, Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis, Vol. 33(3), pages: 423–440, 1998
A multi-quality model of interest rates, Masaaki Kijima, Keiichi Tanaka, and Tony Wong, Quantitative Finance, vol. 9(2), pages: 133–145, 2009
References
Hiroshima University faculty
1957 births
Living people
Sir Tom Talbot Leyland Scarisbrick, 1st Baronet (28 April 1874 – 18 May 1933) was a British Liberal Party politician.
He was Liberal Member of Parliament for South Dorset from 1906 to 1910, mayor of Southport 1902–1903, and JP Lancashire 1st Baronet of Greaves Hall.
Sir Talbot Scarisbrick was the elder son of Sir Charles Scarisbrick [Kt 1903; JP; late Mayor of Southport; born 20 April 1839 died 15 January 1923; m 1860, Bertha Petronella (d 1915), d of Ernst Marquard Schonfeld, of Hanau-on-Main and Düsseldorf; one s two d. Address: Scarisbrick Lodge, Southport, Lancs.]; m 1895, Josephine, daughter of W. S. Chamberlain of Cleveland, Ohio; Succeeded by his son, Everard Talbot Scarisbrick [b 10 Dec. 1896; died 29 August 1955; m 1919, Nadine, d of Charles Brumm, Manchester]. Address: Scarisbrick Hall, Lancashire. Motor Car Registration Number: LO 8321, LL 6374, LP 5397.
Arms
References
External links
1874 births
1933 deaths
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
UK MPs 1906–1910
Mayors of places in Merseyside
Rogstad Glacier () is a glacier flowing northwest along the north side of Isingen Mountain, in the Sverdrup Mountains, Queen Maud Land. Photographed from the air by the German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39). Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59). Named for Egil Rogstad, chief radio operator with the NBSAE.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Bara Mohansingh is a census town in the Matigara CD block in the Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Geography
Location
Bara Mohansingh is located at .
Bairatisal, Tari, Jitu, Bara Mohansingh and Mathapari form a cluster of census towns as per map of Matigara CD block on page 265 of District Census Handbook, Darjeeling.
Area overview
The map alongside shows the Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district. This area is spread across the foothills of the Himalayas and is a plain land gently sloping from north to south. While the northern part is mentioned as the Terai region, the larger southern portion forms the western part of the Dooars region. While 55.11% per cent of the population resides in the rural areas, 44.89% resides in the urban areas. On the western side the Mechi River forms a long border with Nepal. On the eastern side the Mahananda River forms a short border with Bangladesh.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Bara Mohansingh had a total population of 15,616 of which 7,798 (50%) were males and 7,818 (50%) were females. There were 1,341 persons in the age range of 0 to 6 years. The total number of literate people in Bara Mohansingh was 12,823 (82.11% of the population over 6 years).
Infrastructure
According to the District Census Handbook 2011, Darjiling, Bara Mohansingh covered an area of 2.8976 km2. Among the civic amenities, it had 67.8 km roads with open drains, the protected water supply involved tap water from treated sources and covered wells, it had 3,808 domestic electric connections and 515 road lighting points. Among the medical facilities, it had 14 medicine shops. Among the educational facilities it had were 8 primary schools, 3 middle schools, 3 secondary schools, the nearest senior secondary school, general degree college at Bairatisal, 1.2 km away.
References
Cities and towns in Darjeeling district
Osman Alkaş (born 3 November 1955) is a Cypriot-Turkish actor. He is one of the founders of Nicosia Municipal Theater and he is still active in this theater. He was involved in the production of Torba, a popular program among the Turkish Cypriot people, and was featured in the film Gölgeler ve Suretler and the TV series Öyle Bir Geçer Zaman ki. He then acted in the films Uzun Hikaye, Hükümet Kadın 2, Sarmaşık, etc. He was particularly praised for his role in the film Sarmaşık.
Early life
Osman Alkaş was born on 3 November 1955 in Nicosia. He completed his primary, secondary and high school education in Nicosia. After graduating from high school, he had discussions with his family about his career choice; but after facing oppositions from his mother, in 1973-74, he entered the Ankara State Conservatory Department of Acting. He graduated in 1976.
Career
Alkaş returned to Cyprus in June 1976 and started to work as a contracted artist at the Turkish Cypriot State Theater. During this period, he went to serve in the military for two and a half years; but from time to time throughout his military service he took part in theater plays. In 1980 he was cast out of theater when he took part in a play by Fine Arts Association in Nicosia Culture and Art Festival. Then, on 3 November 1980, with the approval of the Municipal Council of the Nicosia Turkish Municipality, Alkaş, together with Yaşar Ersoy, Işın Cem and Erol Refikoğlu, founded the Nicosia Municipal Theater. He is still a member of this theater's staff.
Alkaş made various programs at Bayrak Radio. In his own words, Alkaş prepared "a long-term" children's program, as well as women's programs on the radio, alongside morning programs and cooking programs. During this period, he also made radio commercials. He started his television career together with Tolgay Tarıman. Alkaş and Tarıman made TV commercials for a while, before starting their program Torba in 1994. When the program became very popular among the Turkish Cypriot people, he established a TV channel with Tarım called "Tempo TV" in order to get rid of their ties to other channels. The program ended between 2003-05.
In 2001, he worked as a screenwriter and played the role of Mustafa in an eight-episode series titled Gimme 6, which was shot in Cyprus by actors from Greece, Turkey and other countries. He later had a role in the movie Gölgeler ve Suretler, which was shot in 2010 and released the following year. He portrayed the character of "Veli" in the movie. In 2010, he was cast in the TV series Öyle Bir Geçer Zaman ki as Ekrem Tatlıoğlu. He also appeared in Yannis Yoannu's movie Hi! Is Erica alongside many other movies and short films. From January to June 2017, he acted in the TV series Bu Şehir Arkandan Gelecek as Rauf. Alkaş continues to appear in commercials. He also had a role in an adaptation of the opera Die Entführung aus dem Serail.
In addition to his acting career, he is also the Culture and Art Coordinator of the Nicosia Turkish Municipality. In 2009, he received the "Achievement and Peace Award" from the Satirigo Theater.
Personal life
Osman Alkaş has a close relationship with Deniz Çakır, a theater actor like himself. They are not legally married, but he names Çakır as "my life partner". He lives in Cyprus. While filming Öyle Bir Geçer Zaman ki, traveled to Istanbul frequently and occasionally stays away from Cyprus for months. He owns three dogs.
References
1955 births
Living people
Cypriot male film actors
Cypriot male television actors
Turkish Cypriot actors
Turkish Cypriot expatriates in Turkey
People from North Nicosia
The International Association of Research Institutes in the History of Art (RIHA) promotes education and research in art history and related disciplines. It was founded in 1998 in Paris to intensify cooperation between art historical institutes by facilitating the flow of information on scientific and administrative activities as well as the exchange of research findings, and to encourage the institutes to undertake joint projects.
The RIHA Journal is a peer-reviewed, open-access e-journal providing a publishing platform for international research articles in the history of art. It features art historical articles in English, French, German, Italian, and Spanish.
External links
RIHA: International Association of Research Institutes in the History of Art
RIHA Journal
CAA News: New Online Journal Published by an International Group of Art-History Research Institutes
Art history
Organizations established in 1998
Kazimierz Cardinal Świątek (Belarusian: Казімір Свёнтак, Kazimir Sviontak; 21 October 1914 – 21 July 2011) was a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who was most known for his resistance to Cold War-era Soviet communism and for his service in Minsk, Belarus. Cardinal Swiatek was the former Metropolitan Archbishop of Minsk-Mohilev, and Apostolic Administrator of Pinsk.
Świątek was born to Polish parents in the municipality of Walk, in what was then the Russian Empire, the present-day municipality of Valga, Estonia. His family was deported to Siberia during the Russian Revolution. His father died fighting in the Polish-Soviet War. The future Cardinal lived in newly independent Poland from 1922. After completing his philosophical and theological studies at the seminary in Pinsk, Świątek was ordained as a Roman Catholic priest in 1939, and then was sent to the parish of Pruzhany.
The Soviet Union occupied Pinsk after the Nazi-Soviet Pact divided Poland in 1939. Świątek was arrested by the NKVD in April 1941, and held on death row in Brest for two months. Father Świątek escaped from prison, taking advantage of the confusion caused by the Nazi German invasion of the Soviet Union on 22 June 1941, and returned to Pruzhany. In December 1944, the NKVD arrested Swiatek for a second time. The following year he was sentenced to 10 years hard labor in a concentration camp, and spent nine years in Siberia and the north of the Soviet Union, working in the taiga and in the mines. After his release in June 1954, he returned to Pinsk.
In 1988, he was made a Monsignor by Pope John Paul II, who in 1991 appointed him Metropolitan Archbishop of Minsk-Mohilev and Apostolic Administrator of Pinsk, and on 26 November 1994 created him Cardinal-Priest of San Gerardo Maiella. He was elected as the first President of the Conference of Catholic Bishops of Belarus, which according to the church's website "underlines his leading role in the Church in Belarus."
In July 2006, Świątek, then aged 91, his resignation for reasons of age and declining health from the offices of Metropolitan Archbishop of Minsk-Mohilev was accepted by Pope Benedict XVI, but he remained Apostolic Administrator of Pinsk until 30 June 2011, when Tadeusz Kondrusiewicz, his successor as Metropolitan Archbishop of Minsk-Mohilev, replaced him also as Apostolic Administrator of Pinsk.
Death
On 21 July 2011, Świątek died in Pinsk after a long illness, aged 96. At the time of his death, he was the second oldest member of the College of Cardinals. Pope Benedict XVI sent a telegram to Archbishop Kondrusiewicz and the Conference of Catholic Bishops of Belarus expressing his condolences for the Cardinal's death and praising him for his lengthy service as Cardinal Archbishop and his continuing fidelity and loyalty to the Church and to Christ during his periods of imprisonment back in the early years of the Cold War, in the post-war period, when the Church in the Soviet Union had to be largely clandestine.
References
External links
Website of the Catholic Church of Belarus
Pope Pays Homage to Unitate (Roman Catholic) Cardinal Who Survived Siberian Labor Camp
Autobiographical remarks by Kazimierz Cardinal Świątek (in Italian)
1914 births
2011 deaths
Belarusian cardinals
Cardinals created by Pope John Paul II
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Belarus
Escapees from Soviet detention
Prisoners sentenced to death by the Soviet Union
Soviet people of Polish descent
Belarusian people of Polish descent
Polish people of World War II
Polish prisoners and detainees
People from Valga, Estonia
Polish people detained by the NKVD
Polish Roman Catholic archbishops
"Army of Me" is a 1995 song by Björk.
Army of Me may also refer to:
Army of Me (band), an American alternative rock band
"Army of Me" (Christina Aguilera song), 2012
Scott Maxwell is an American engineer and a former Mars rover planning lead for Mars Exploration Rovers (MER) Spirit and Opportunity at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California.
He was raised in North Carolina, and attended East Carolina University and UIUC.
During early periods of the MER mission, Maxwell and other rover drivers lived on Mars time, in which each Martian "Sol" (day) is an additional 37 minutes, 23 seconds longer than Earth days, while his wife continued to live on Earth time. Maxwell published an Android app that helps keep track with Mars time at the respective landing sites. He also authored the Mars and Me blog On February 8, 2013, he left JPL to pursue a career at Google.
References
Jet Propulsion Laboratory
NASA people
1971 births
Living people
Isopropylmethylpyrazolyl dimethylcarbamate is a chemical compound used in Europe in aphicides and insecticides. As of 1998, the United States Environmental Protection Agency listed it as an unregistered pesticide in the United States. In China, it is used under the name isolan.
It is classified as an extremely hazardous substance in the United States as defined in Section 302 of the U.S. Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act (42 U.S.C. 11002), and is subject to strict reporting requirements by facilities which produce, store, or use it in significant quantities.
References
Carbamates
Insecticides
Pyrazoles
Isopropyl compounds
Corrhenes fulva is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1875. It is known from Australia.
References
Corrhenes
Beetles described in 1875
Joseph Ernest Jeannotte (December 25, 1902 in St. Boniface, Manitoba – November 16, 1988) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. He was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1958 to 1969.
The son of Aime Jeannotte and Delia Cote, Jeannotte was educated in Saskatchewan, and worked as a rancher before entering political life. In 1941, he married Annette Burelle. They raised three daughters, Janet, Dolores, and Irene, in Meadow Portage, Manitoba.
Joseph befriended novelist Gabrielle Roy during her sojourn near his home and was depicted in the novel Where Nests the Waterhen as Monsieur Bessette.
He was first elected to the Manitoba legislature in the 1958 provincial election, defeating Liberal-Progressive incumbent Roy Brown, 2342 votes to 511 in the vast northern constituency of Rupertsland. Prior to the election, Jeannotte had visited Roblin's office in Winnipeg to announce his readiness to be a candidate for the region. Roblin later referred to him as "a wiry little frontiersman". The lopsided nature of Jeannotte's victory may be explained, in part, by the fact that Rupertsland voted several weeks after the rest of the province in the years prior to 1969, due to logistical difficulties in setting up polls in remote communities. Voters knew that the Progressive Conservatives had formed a minority government after the election, and many may have chosen to vote for a candidate on the government side.
Jeannotte was re-elected by equally strong margins in the elections of 1959 and 1962. He faced the most difficult challenge of his career in the 1966 election, but still defeated Liberal Jean René Allard by a significant margin. He frequently traveled the entire riding by himself, driving a plane between remote locations. He was never appointed to cabinet, and did not run for re-election in 1969.
Jeannotte died in Winnipegosis at the age of 85.
References
1902 births
1988 deaths
Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba MLAs
Jim Bob Helduser (February 27, 1957 – February 26, 2010) was an American football coach whose last coaching role was as an assistant coach for the Bryan High School Vikings football team. His last college coaching position was as the offensive line coach at Texas A&M University (2003–2007).
Early life
Helduser was a native of Groves, Texas and a 1975 graduate of Port Neches–Groves High School. He attended Texas Lutheran University in Seguin, where he graduated summa cum laude in 1979 with a degree in biology, before earning a master's degree in educational administration at Southwest Texas State University in San Marcos.
Coaching career
His first coaching experience was at Alief Elsik High School in Houston. He then became an assistant to Ray Alborn at Rice University. Following Alborn's dismissal in 1983, Helduser dropped out of the collegiate coaching ranks for a couple of years.
In 1986, he was hired by John O'Hara to coach the quarterbacks, wide receiver, and offensive linemen at Southwest Texas State University, and stayed on in that position when O'Hara was replaced in 1990 by Dennis Franchione. Altogether, Helduser spent 11 seasons coaching at Southwest Texas State University. He assumed the role of head coach when Franchione left after the 1991 season, and remained in that position until 1996. In five seasons, he compiled a 20–34–1 total record. He was replaced by Bob DeBesse, with whom he later coached at Texas A&M University.
After one year as head coach at Lake Travis High School in Austin, Helduser was approached by Franchione to join his staff at Texas Christian University as offensive line coach. His job was coaching the offensive line blocking for future NFL All-Pro running back LaDainian Tomlinson. After an 11–1 winning season at Texas Christian University and two Western Athletic Conference championships, Helduser left with Franchione to coach at the University of Alabama (ending in a 10–3 season) and later, Texas A&M University. In his collegiate coaching career he produced many nationally recognized and NFL athletes and was renowned for his experience in recruiting. He left Texas A&M in 2007 to become offensive coordinator for Bryan High School in Bryan, Texas. He retired from football coaching after the 2009 Bryan Vikings football season.
Death
Helduser died on February 26, 2010, at his home in College Station, Texas, after a battle with colon cancer. He was survived by his wife, Janet Wiegman Helduser of San Antonio, Texas, son, Brant, and daughters, Kylene and Jenna.
Head coaching record
References
1957 births
2010 deaths
Alabama Crimson Tide football coaches
Rice Owls football coaches
TCU Horned Frogs football coaches
Texas A&M Aggies football coaches
Texas Lutheran Bulldogs football players
Texas State Bobcats football coaches
High school football coaches in Texas
People from Jefferson County, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
Deaths from colorectal cancer
Deaths from cancer in Texas
James Shiner Bond was a printer, newspaper owner and served as mayor of Cambridge, New Zealand, and then as mayor of Hamilton.
Personal and business life
James was the eldest son of Alfred Bond and Sarah, née Shiner, born on 12 December 1858 in Beaminster. He started as an apprentice printer when he was 13. James arrived at Whanganui in 1878, working as a job printer at the Rangitikei Advocate. In 1880 he moved to Cambridge, where he was printer at the Waikato Mail.
James married Sarah Annie O'Connor on 1 May 1881 and they had 9 children, among them were:
Alfred James, (born 1885) and Augustine (born 4 August 1890), who sailed with the 16th Waikato Regiment on 16 October 1914. Augustine was killed in the Gallipoli landing on 25 April 1915 and is buried in Baby 700 cemetery at Anzac Cove. Alfred returned in 1918, after being wounded and gassed, and, in 1919, married Ada Ring. Patricia was one of their children. Alfred continued the family stationery business until he died on 15 April 1928. He was buried in Hamilton East Cemetery.
Francis Cecil farmed at Rotokauri.
Fred C, born on 5 January 1884, published a directory. He survived the war and being sunk when the Wimmera hit a mine in 1918.
Percy was wounded in France in 1916.
Sarah died on 20 April 1902. James married Ellen Octavia Graham on 29 March 1905 at Ponsonby and had 3 more children. Ellen died on 17 December 1955, aged 89.
In 1881 he started the Atlas Printing Company which also sold books and stationery. It was affected by a large fire in Cambridge in 1889. In July 1895 James started the Waikato Advocate, a weekly journal, which bought the masthead and property of the Waikato Times from the Bank of New Zealand in 1896. The previous owner, George Edgecumbe, was given a fortnight to give up possession. He set up a rival Waikato Argus and took the files, advertising contacts and subscriber lists, leaving James with the building, membership of the Press Association and a printing press. James began publishing the Waikato Times every evening, rather than 3 mornings a week. In 1898 a large fire cracked the windows of his stationery shop at the Waikato Times. In 1902 he sold the Waikato Times to Paull & Venables and was presented with a desk by his employees. From 1898 to 1919 he was the Hamilton agent for the Public Trustee Office. He retired to Remuera in 1920.
He died at Remuera on 26 November 1922 and was buried at Waikumete Cemetery.
Bond Street in Hamilton East was named after him by its developer.
Public life
James joined the Duke of Cambridge Lodge on 5 April 1887. He was on Cambridge Borough Council for 9 years, including being mayor from 22 November 1892, re-elected unopposed in 1894 and serving until 1895. He was elected to Hamilton Borough Council in 1900 and 1901, being elected unopposed as mayor in April 1905 and 1906 and elected again in 1907 and 1908, serving until May 1909 and again elected as a councillor in 1913. He was also on the Waikato Licensing Committee from 1894, president of the Winter Show Association, the Waikato Agricultural and Pastoral Association, chairman of Waikato Hospital Board and, when the Hamilton High School Board of Governors was first constituted in 1911, he took a seat on the Board. He was a member of the Auckland Harbour Board, on the Auckland Board of Education, chairman of directors of the Theatre Royal Company, Ltd and active in the Church of England. Shortly before he died he was elected to the Auckland Grammar School Board.
References
External links
Photos -
Portrait in masonic robe
1901 portrait
1907 portrait
1908 with councillors
Mrs Bond
1858 births
1922 deaths
People from Beaminster
Mayors of Hamilton, New Zealand
19th-century New Zealand businesspeople
Burials at Waikumete Cemetery
The Royal Aircraft Factory R.E.1 was an experimental two-seat single-engined biplane from before World War I, intended to develop reconnaissance aircraft.
Design and development
The earliest systematic naming scheme used by the Royal Aircraft Factory categorised by layout, e.g. B.E.2, with B for Bleriot type or tractor aircraft plus E for experimental. A few types, like the B.S.1 were briefly named under a layout plus role scheme (S for scout), but by the end of 1913 the B.S.1 had become the S.E.2 (Scout Experimental), the layout letter dropped. The initial sketches for what became known as the R.E.1 (Reconnaissance Experimental) were labelled B.S.2. In this context reconnaissance meant two-seaters, as opposed to the single-seat scouts.
At that time reconnaissance or scouting was seen as the only military purpose of aircraft. The R.E.1, completed in July 1913, was described in contemporary reports as intended for the same purposes as the B.E.2, using the same engine but being an aircraft of more modern refinement. It was a single bay biplane with equal span, constant chord wings, unswept but with stagger. Wing warping was use for lateral control. The rudder was similar to that of the B.E.2, curved and extending below the fuselage, but a triangular fin was fitted that reached forward to the strongly swept leading edge of the B.E.2 style tailplane.
The fuselage was flat sided with deep, rounded decking and slender overall to the rear. The cockpits were in tandem, the pilot's at the rear with sides cut to the bottom of the decking. He sat behind the trailing edge, with a cut-out in the upper wing to improve visibility. The observer's cockpit was between the wings and less deep. The air-cooled 70 hp (52 kW) Renault engine was uncowled and drove a four-bladed propeller. The single-axle undercarriage was attached to two longitudinal members which ran forward to serve as anti-nose-over skids, fixed to the fuselage by two pairs of robust struts.
By September 1913 the only two R.E.1s built, serials 607 and 608, were with the Flying Department of the Royal Aircraft Factory. They were intended as experimental machines and were much modified. One desire was to make automatically stable aircraft, so they could be flown hands-off to give the pilot observation time. Within a month or so of completion, 607 had a wing extension of about 2 ft (610 mm) and 608 was probably built with the extension. In November 607 had four fins attached to the upper wing top surface, positioned above each pair of interplane struts and above each of the centre section struts; soon after 608 had them too, plus a reduction of stagger and a finless, enlarged rudder. In the quest for stability 607, now with ailerons replacing wing warping had a series of increases in dihedral, By March 1914 it could be flown hands off in "squally conditions". Later its stagger was also reduced and a rectangular tailplane fitted.
In May 1914 the second R.E.1, no. 608 was transferred to the RFC and for a short while wore the number 362, though it went to war in August as 608. It may have gone with under-seat armour, albeit only 1/25th in (1 mm) thick, but it only survived for about a week. 607 stayed at Farnborough and was still at work in February 1915 doing photographic and wireless testing.
Specifications (short span)
References
Citations
Sources
O'Gorman, Mervyn, "The Design and Construction of Different Types of Aeroplanes: Reconnaissance Aeroplane", pp. 266–267 of Technical Report of the Advisory Committee for Aeronautics for the Year 1912–13, London: HMSO, 1919. Discusses the R.E.1 as first built.
External links
1910s British military reconnaissance aircraft
R.E.1
Biplanes
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1913
John Hill (22 September 1930 – 26 August 2002) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played eight first-class matches for Otago between 1961 and 1963.
Hill was a left-arm medium-pace bowler who played most of his senior cricket for Southland. In Southland's match against the touring West Indian team in 1955–56, he took 8 for 55 in the first innings. A year later, against the touring Australians, he took four of the six wickets that fell in the Australians' only innings. In his first-class career his best figures came in his last match, for an Otago Invitation XI against the touring MCC in March 1963, when he took figures of 25–8–61–4; nevertheless, the MCC team won by an innings.
Hill's son Robbie also played for Otago and Southland.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1930 births
2002 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
People from Gore, New Zealand
Vista Hermosa (Spanish: "beautiful view") is a municipality in the Mexican state of Michoacán, located approximately northwest of the state capital of Morelia.
Geography
The municipality of Vista Hermosa is located at an elevation between in the Bajío region in northwestern Michoacán. It borders the Michoacanese municipalities of Tanhuato to the east, Ixtlán to the southeast, Pajacuarán to the southwest, and Briseñas to the west. Additionally, the Lerma River forms the border between Vista Hermosa and the Jaliscan municipality of La Barca to the north. The municipality covers an area of and comprises 0.3% of the state's area.
As of 2009, 91% of the land in Vista Hermosa is used for agriculture and urban areas cover another 4% of the municipality. Vertisols are the main soil type in the municipality. The flows east to west through the southern part of the municipality, and meets the Lerma River at Ibarra in the adjacent municipality of Briseñas. The Gonzalo Reservoir lies on the border between Tanhuato and Vista Hermosa and has a total capacity of and a useful capacity of .
Vista Hermosa has a temperate climate with rain in the summer. Average temperatures in the municipality range between , and average annual precipitation ranges between .
History
The settlement of Vista Hermosa was organized in the second half of the 19th century from the haciendas of Buenavista and El Molino. Vista Hermosa was established as a municipality on 1 December 1921 from localities previously part of Ixtlán and Tanhuato. The municipal seat was named Vista Hermosa de Negrete after José María Martínez Negrete, who bought the lands of the Molino hacienda after they were confiscated by the Mexican government and built a school there. In 1950, the municipality of Briseñas was separated from Vista Hermosa.
Administration
The municipal government of Vista Hermosa comprises a president, a councillor (Spanish: síndico), and seven trustees (regidores), four elected by relative majority and three by proportional representation. The current president of the municipality is Rosa Elena de la Cruz Pérez Tello.
Demographics
In the 2010 Mexican Census, the municipality of Vista Hermosa recorded a population of 18,995 inhabitants living in 4789 households. The 2015 Intercensal Survey estimated a population of 20,624 inhabitants in Vista Hermosa.
INEGI lists 16 localities in the municipality, of which two are classified as urban:
the municipal seat Vista Hermosa de Negrete, which recorded a population of 10,752 inhabitants in the 2010 Census; and
El Capulín, located south of the municipal seat, which recorded a population of 2438 in 2010.
Economy and infrastructure
Agriculture is the main economic activity in Vista Hermosa. Major crops grown include corn, sorghum, wheat, and vegetables such as chiles. The largest employer in the municipality is the meat producer SuKarne, which maintains a herd of 150,000 cattle in the municipality.
The toll expressway Federal Highway 15D runs through the municipality, as do Federal Highways 35 and 110.
References
Municipalities of Michoacán
1921 establishments in Mexico
States and territories established in 1921
An affine term structure model is a financial model that relates zero-coupon bond prices (i.e. the discount curve) to a spot rate model. It is particularly useful for deriving the yield curve – the process of determining spot rate model inputs from observable bond market data. The affine class of term structure models implies the convenient form that log bond prices are linear functions of the spot rate (and potentially additional state variables).
Background
Start with a stochastic short rate model with dynamics:
and a risk-free zero-coupon bond maturing at time with price at time . The price of a zero-coupon bond is given by:where , with being is the bond's maturity. The expectation is taken with respect to the risk-neutral probability measure . If the bond's price has the form:
where and are deterministic functions, then the short rate model is said to have an affine term structure. The yield of a bond with maturity , denoted by , is given by:
Feynman-Kac formula
For the moment, we have not yet figured out how to explicitly compute the bond's price; however, the bond price's definition implies a link to the Feynman-Kac formula, which suggests that the bond's price may be explicitly modeled by a partial differential equation. Assuming that the bond price is a function of latent factors leads to the PDE:where is the covariance matrix of the latent factors where the latent factors are driven by an Ito stochastic differential equation in the risk-neutral measure:Assume a solution for the bond price of the form:The derivatives of the bond price with respect to maturity and each latent factor are:With these derivatives, the PDE may be reduced to a series of ordinary differential equations:To compute a closed-form solution requires additional specifications.
Existence
Using Ito's formula we can determine the constraints on and which will result in an affine term structure. Assuming the bond has an affine term structure and satisfies the term structure equation, we get:
The boundary value
implies
Next, assume that and are affine in :
The differential equation then becomes
Because this formula must hold for all , , , the coefficient of must equal zero.
Then the other term must vanish as well.
Then, assuming and are affine in , the model has an affine term structure where and satisfy the system of equations:
Models with ATS
Vasicek
The Vasicek model has an affine term structure where
Arbitrage-Free Nelson-Siegel
One approach to affine term structure modeling is to enforce an arbitrage-free condition on the proposed model. In a series of papers, a proposed dynamic yield curve model was developed using an arbitrage-free version of the famous Nelson-Siegel model, which the authors label AFNS. To derive the AFNS model, the authors make several assumptions:
There are three latent factors corresponding to the level, slope, and curvature of the yield curve
The latent factors evolve according to multivariate Ornstein-Uhlenbeck processes. The particular specifications differ based on the measure being used:
(Real-world measure )
(Risk-neutral measure )
The volatility matrix is diagonal
The short rate is a function of the level and slope ()
From the assumed model of the zero-coupon bond price:The yield at maturity is given by:And based on the listed assumptions, the set of ODEs that must be solved for a closed-form solution is given by:where and is a diagonal matrix with entries . Matching coefficients, we have the set of equations:To find a tractable solution, the authors propose that take the form:Solving the set of coupled ODEs for the vector , and letting , we find that:Then reproduces the standard Nelson-Siegel yield curve model. The solution for the yield adjustment factor is more complicated, found in Appendix B of the 2007 paper, but is necessary to enforce the arbitrage-free condition.
Average expected short rate
One quantity of interest that may be derived from the AFNS model is the average expected short rate (AESR), which is defined as:where is the conditional expectation of the short rate and is the term premium associated with a bond of maturity . To find the AESR, recall that the dynamics of the latent factors under the real-world measure are:The general solution of the multivariate Ornstein-Uhlenbeck process is:Note that is the matrix exponential. From this solution, it is possible to explicitly compute the conditional expectation of the factors at time as:Noting that , the general solution for the AESR may be found analytically:
References
Further reading
Interest rates
Financial models
Fixed income analysis
Stochastic models
Short-rate models
Mathematical and quantitative methods (economics)
Mathematical finance
Being Respectable is a 1924 American drama film directed by Phil Rosen and written by Dorothy Farnum. The film stars Marie Prevost, Monte Blue, Louise Fazenda, Irene Rich, Theodore von Eltz and Frank Currier. The film was released by Warner Bros. on July 1, 1924.
Plot
Charles Carpenter is obliged to marry Suzanne, with pressure from his wealthy and respectable family, although he is in love with young Valerie Winship. Years later, when Valerie is back in town, they renew the affair and Carpenter plans to leave his wife and child for her, but in the end he yields to family duty and respectability.
Cast
Marie Prevost as Valerie Winship
Monte Blue as Charles Carpenter
Louise Fazenda as Deborah Carpenter
Irene Rich as Suzanne Schuyler
Theodore von Eltz as Stephen O'Connell
Frank Currier as Darius Carpenter
Eulalie Jensen as Louise Carpenter
Lila Leslie as Mrs. Winship
Sidney Bracey as Philip Deaby
Charles K. French as Mr. Beasley
Reception
Being Respectable opened with mixed reviews from The New York Times. The New York Times Screen review characterized it as "only mildly interesting in parts, and frequently disappointing.".
References
External links
1924 films
1920s English-language films
Silent American drama films
1924 drama films
Warner Bros. films
Films directed by Phil Rosen
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
1920s American films
In statistics, missing data, or missing values, occur when no data value is stored for the variable in an observation. Missing data are a common occurrence and can have a significant effect on the conclusions that can be drawn from the data.
Missing data can occur because of nonresponse: no information is provided for one or more items or for a whole unit ("subject"). Some items are more likely to generate a nonresponse than others: for example items about private subjects such as income. Attrition is a type of missingness that can occur in longitudinal studies—for instance studying development where a measurement is repeated after a certain period of time. Missingness occurs when participants drop out before the test ends and one or more measurements are missing.
Data often are missing in research in economics, sociology, and political science because governments or private entities choose not to, or fail to, report critical statistics, or because the information is not available. Sometimes missing values are caused by the researcher—for example, when data collection is done improperly or mistakes are made in data entry.
These forms of missingness take different types, with different impacts on the validity of conclusions from research: Missing completely at random, missing at random, and missing not at random. Missing data can be handled similarly as censored data.
Types
Understanding the reasons why data are missing is important for handling the remaining data correctly. If values are missing completely at random, the data sample is likely still representative of the population. But if the values are missing systematically, analysis may be biased. For example, in a study of the relation between IQ and income, if participants with an above-average IQ tend to skip the question ‘What is your salary?', analyses that do not take into account this missing at random (MAR pattern (see below)) may falsely fail to find a positive association between IQ and salary. Because of these problems, methodologists routinely advise researchers to design studies to minimize the occurrence of missing values. Graphical models can be used to describe the missing data mechanism in detail.
Missing completely at random
Values in a data set are missing completely at random (MCAR) if the events that lead to any particular data-item being missing are independent both of observable variables and of unobservable parameters of interest, and occur entirely at random. When data are MCAR, the analysis performed on the data is unbiased; however, data are rarely MCAR.
In the case of MCAR, the missingness of data is unrelated to any study variable: thus, the participants with completely observed data are in effect a random sample of all the participants assigned a particular intervention. With MCAR, the random assignment of treatments is assumed to be preserved, but that is usually an unrealistically strong assumption in practice.
Missing at random
Missing at random (MAR) occurs when the missingness is not random, but where missingness can be fully accounted for by variables where there is complete information. Since MAR is an assumption that is impossible to verify statistically, we must rely on its substantive reasonableness. An example is that males are less likely to fill in a depression survey but this has nothing to do with their level of depression, after accounting for maleness. Depending on the analysis method, these data can still induce parameter bias in analyses due to the contingent emptiness of cells (male, very high depression may have zero entries). However, if the parameter is estimated with Full Information Maximum Likelihood, MAR will provide asymptotically unbiased estimates.
Missing not at random
Missing not at random (MNAR) (also known as nonignorable nonresponse) is data that is neither MAR nor MCAR (i.e. the value of the variable that's missing is related to the reason it's missing). To extend the previous example, this would occur if men failed to fill in a depression survey because of their level of depression.
Samuelson and Spirer (1992) discussed how missing and/or distorted data about demographics, law enforcement, and health could be indicators of patterns of human rights violations. They gave several fairly well documented examples.
Techniques of dealing with missing data
Missing data reduces the representativeness of the sample and can therefore distort inferences about the population. Generally speaking, there are three main approaches to handle missing data: (1) Imputation—where values are filled in the place of missing data, (2) omission—where samples with invalid data are discarded from further analysis and (3) analysis—by directly applying methods unaffected by the missing values. One systematic review addressing the prevention and handling of missing data for patient-centered outcomes research identified 10 standards as necessary for the prevention and handling of missing data. These include standards for study design, study conduct, analysis, and reporting.
In some practical application, the experimenters can control the level of missingness, and prevent missing values before gathering the data. For example, in computer questionnaires, it is often not possible to skip a question. A question has to be answered, otherwise one cannot continue to the next. So missing values due to the participant are eliminated by this type of questionnaire, though this method may not be permitted by an ethics board overseeing the research. In survey research, it is common to make multiple efforts to contact each individual in the sample, often sending letters to attempt to persuade those who have decided not to participate to change their minds. However, such techniques can either help or hurt in terms of reducing the negative inferential effects of missing data, because the kind of people who are willing to be persuaded to participate after initially refusing or not being home are likely to be significantly different from the kinds of people who will still refuse or remain unreachable after additional effort.
In situations where missing values are likely to occur, the researcher is often advised on planning to use methods of data analysis methods that are robust to missingness. An analysis is robust when we are confident that mild to moderate violations of the technique's key assumptions will produce little or no bias, or distortion in the conclusions drawn about the population.
Imputation
Some data analysis techniques are not robust to missingness, and require to "fill in", or impute the missing data. Rubin (1987) argued that repeating imputation even a few times (5 or less) enormously improves the quality of estimation. For many practical purposes, 2 or 3 imputations capture most of the relative efficiency that could be captured with a larger number of imputations. However, a too-small number of imputations can lead to a substantial loss of statistical power, and some scholars now recommend 20 to 100 or more. Any multiply-imputed data analysis must be repeated for each of the imputed data sets and, in some cases, the relevant statistics must be combined in a relatively complicated way.
The expectation-maximization algorithm is an approach in which values of the statistics which would be computed if a complete dataset were available are estimated (imputed), taking into account the pattern of missing data. In this approach, values for individual missing data-items are not usually imputed.
Interpolation
In the mathematical field of numerical analysis, interpolation is a method of constructing new data points within the range of a discrete set of known data points.
In the comparison of two paired samples with missing data, a test statistic that uses all available data without the need for imputation is the partially overlapping samples t-test. This is valid under normality and assuming MCAR
Partial deletion
Methods which involve reducing the data available to a dataset having no missing values include:
Listwise deletion/casewise deletion
Pairwise deletion
Full analysis
Methods which take full account of all information available, without the distortion resulting from using imputed values as if they were actually observed:
Generative approaches:
The expectation-maximization algorithm
full information maximum likelihood estimation
Discriminative approaches:
Max-margin classification of data with absent features
Partial identification methods may also be used.
Model-based techniques
Model based techniques, often using graphs, offer
additional tools for testing missing data types (MCAR, MAR, MNAR) and for estimating parameters under missing data conditions. For example, a test for refuting MAR/MCAR reads as follows:
For any three variables X,Y, and Z where Z is fully observed and X and Y partially observed, the data should satisfy:
.
In words, the observed portion of X should be independent on the missingness status of Y, conditional on every value of Z.
Failure to satisfy this condition indicates that the problem belongs to the MNAR category.
(Remark:
These tests are necessary for variable-based MAR which is a slight variation of event-based MAR.)
When data falls into MNAR category techniques are available for consistently estimating parameters when certain conditions hold in the model.
For example, if Y explains the reason for missingness in X and Y itself has missing values, the joint probability distribution of X and Y can still be estimated if the
missingness of Y is random.
The estimand in this case will be:
where and denote the observed portions of their respective variables.
Different model structures may yield different estimands and different procedures of estimation whenever consistent estimation is possible. The preceding estimand calls for first
estimating from complete data and multiplying it by estimated from cases in which Y is observed regardless of the status of X. Moreover, in order to
obtain a consistent estimate it is crucial that the first term be as opposed to .
In many cases model based techniques permit the model structure to undergo refutation tests.
Any model which implies the independence between a partially observed variable X and the missingness indicator of another variable Y (i.e. ), conditional
on can be submitted to the following refutation test:
.
Finally, the estimands that emerge from these techniques are derived in closed form and do not require iterative procedures such as Expectation Maximization that
are susceptible to local optima.
A special class of problems appears when the probability of the missingness depends on time. For example, in the trauma databases the probability to lose data about the trauma outcome depends on the day after trauma. In these cases various non-stationary Markov chain models are applied.
See also
Censoring
Expectation–maximization algorithm
Imputation
Indicator variable
Inverse probability weighting
Latent variable
Matrix completion
References
Further reading
External links
Background
Missing Data, Department of Medical Statistics, London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine
Spatial and temporal Trend Analysis of Long Term rainfall records in data-poor catchments with missing data, a case study of Lower Shire floodplain in Malawi for the period 1953–2010.
R-miss-tastic, A unified platform for missing values methods and workflows.
Missing values-envision
Software
Mplus
PROC MI and PROC MIANALYZE - SAS
SPSS
Statistical data types
Anna Maria Cienciala (November 8, 1929 – December 24, 2014) was a Polish-American historian and author. She specialized in modern Polish and Russian history. Graduating with a history doctorate in 1962, she taught at two Canadian universities for a few years before joining the history faculty at the University of Kansas in 1965. She retired in 2002.
Biography
Anna Cienciala was born in the Free City of Danzig (now Gdańsk, Poland) on November 8, 1929. She was educated in Poland and France. Cienciala received a Bachelor of Arts from Liverpool University in 1952, a Master of Arts from McGill University in 1955, and a Ph.D. from Indiana University at Bloomington in 1962, where she wrote her dissertation under the supervision of Piotr S. Wandycz.
She taught courses in Eastern European history, with a focus on modern Polish and Russian history, at the University of Ottawa and the University of Toronto in Canada, before landing a long-term career in the U.S. at the University of Kansas in 1965. As an author, Cienciala published two books, edited four books and wrote around forty academic articles in various American, German, and Polish historical journals. She retired as Professor Emeritus in June, 2002. In 2007 Cienciala published, together with two other historians, A Crime without Punishment, which explores the historiography of the Katyn massacre.
Cienciala was a member of a number of professional associations in Poland, the United Kingdom, and the United States. She has received awards from the NEH, Fulbright, IREX, ACLS and the Hall Center at K.U. She was a member of the Board of Directors of the Polish Institute of Arts and Sciences of America, and received the Polish Cross of Merit. Recipient of the Union of Polish Writers Abroad award (London, 2012). A book published in 2000 by Gdańsk University and edited by Marek Andrzejewski was dedicated to her honor.
Professor Cienciala died on December 24, 2014 in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida.
Selected works
Anna M. Cienciala, Poland and the Western Powers, 1938–1939. A Study in the Interdependence of Eastern and Western Europe, London, Toronto, 1968 online
Anna M. Cienciala and Titus Komarnicki, From Versailles to Locarno, Keys to Polish Foreign Policy, 1919–1925, Lawrence, KS, 1984 online
Anna M. Cienciala, The Battle of Danzig and the Polish Corridor at the Paris Peace Conference of 1919, ch. 5, in: Paul Latawski, ed., THE RECONSTRUCTION OF POLAND, 1914-23, Basingstoke, London, UK, 1992
Anna M. Cienciala, Wilsonian East Central Europe: The British View with Reference to Poland, in: John S. Micgiel, ed., Wilsonian East Central Europe. Current Perspectives, New York, 1995
Anna M. Cienciala, "The Foreign Policy of the Polish Government-in-Exile, 1939–1945: Political and Military Realities versus Polish Psychological Reality" in: John S. Micgiel and Piotr S. Wandycz eds., Reflections on Polish Foreign Policy, New York: 2005. online
Anna M. Cienciala, Natalia S. Lebedeva, Wojciech Materski, Katyn: A Crime Without Punishment, Yale University Press, 2007,
Anna M. Cienciala, "The Foreign Policy of Józef Piłsudski and Józef Beck, 1926-1939: Misconceptions and Interpretations," The Polish Review (2011) 56#1 pp. 111–151 in JSTOR
References
Bibliography
Michał Kozłowski, Anna Maria Cienciała (8 XI 1929-24 XII 2014), "Rocznik Instytutu Europy Środkowo-Wschodniej" 13 (2015), no 1, p. 267-270 .
Mieczysław Nurek, Anna Maria Cienciała jako świadek i badacz dziejów najnowszych [in:] Gdańsk - Gdynia - Europa - Stany Zjednoczone w XIX i XX wieku. Księga pamiątkowa dedykowana profesor Annie Cienciale, pod red. Marka Andrzejewskiego, Gdańsk 2000, p. 10-17.
Jacek Tebinka, Bibliografia prac Anny Cienciały za lata 1953-2000 [in:] Gdańsk - Gdynia - Europa - Stany Zjednoczone w XIX i XX wieku. Księga pamiątkowa dedykowana profesor Annie Cienciale, pod red. Marka Andrzejewskiego, Gdańsk 2000, p. 18-38.
Piotr Semków, Operacja "Stypendystka". Służba bezpieczeństwa a kwerenda archiwalna Profesor Anny Cienciały w Gdańsku, "Niepodległość" 53/54 (2002/2003), p. 317-323.
1929 births
2014 deaths
Polish emigrants to the United States
Historians of Russia
McGill University alumni
People from the Free City of Danzig
American women historians
21st-century American women
The Gwangyang Football Stadium, nicknamed "Dragon Dungeon", is a football-specific stadium in Gwangyang, South Korea. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Jeonnam Dragons. The stadium holds 13,496 spectators. It was built in 1992 and opened in 1993.
References
가족과 함께하는 ‘광양 전용구장' - Dream stadium of K-League
External links
Jeonnam Dragons official website
World Stadiums
Gwangyang Football Stadium
Football venues in South Korea
Sport in South Jeolla Province
Jeonnam Dragons
Pohang Steelers
Sports venues completed in 1993
K League 1 stadiums
K League 2 stadiums
is a Pokémon species in Nintendo and Game Freak's Pokémon media franchise. It is first introduced in Pokémon Sword and Shield, directed by Shigeru Ohmori. Wooloo is a friendly Normal-type sheep-like Pokémon from the Galar region, which is based on the United Kingdom. Wooloo has appeared in the anime: in the main series, and the web miniseries Pokémon: Twilight Wings. Wooloo has received positive reviews and has been regarded as the cutest Pokémon in Pokémon Sword and Shield.
Concept and characteristics
Wooloo is a Normal-type sheep-like Pokémon from the Galar region. Its dark body is mostly covered in a fluffy white fleece, with only its head, legs, horns and tail visible. Its ears poke behind gray strings of wool that resemble braided pigtails. Wooloo's fleece functions as a cushion, allowing it to survive even a fall from a cliff without any injuries. The fleece grows continuously throughout Wooloo's life, and it will grow back in just three months after completely shaved. If Wooloo's fleece grows too long, it will be unable to move. The fleece is popular as a specialty product in Galar, being used for clothing and carpets. Wooloo live in herds and are known to mimic the actions of their herd leader or Trainer. They have a friendly disposition and dislike conflict, and can escape from enemies by simply rolling away.
Appearances
Wooloo is first introduced in Pokémon Sword and Shield.
In anime
A Trainer's Wooloo has appeared in a flashback of Sword and Shield: From Here to Eternatus!. Later on in the show, Hop is revealed to own a Wooloo when introduced in the Masters 8 tournament. Hop tried to battle Ash using a Wooloo only to get easily defeated by Pikachu's Iron Tail in one hit.
In Pokémon: Twilight Wings, Wooloo debuted in the episode "Letter", as it appeared under the ownership of Hop. Wooloo reappeared in "Training", where it was seen watching TV with its Trainer. It appeared again in "Buddy", where it became jealous of Hop's appreciation of Leon's Charizard, and ran away from home. By the time of "The Gathering of Stars", Hop's Wooloo had evolved into Dubwool.
Reception
Wooloo proved popular with fans, with many of them creating fan art of it. Michael McWhertor of Polygon described Wooloo as "perfect in every way". Game director Shigeru Ohmori said that "it definitely caught [him] by surprise just how popular it became". Kotaku, GamesRadar, GameSpot, GameRevolution and Screen Rant all described Wooloo as an adorable sheep Pokémon, and one of the cutest Pokémon. Janet Garcia of IGN saw it as the cutest Pokémon from Sword and Shield, stating, "I don't know if there's such a thing as a perfect Pokémon but this might be it." Tumblr's year-end gaming lists of 2019 included a newly added category for the most buzzed about Pokémon, which puts Wooloo in second place, right behind Pikachu. According to Amanda Brennan, head of content insights on Tumblr, the category was added specifically because of the popular response regarding Wooloo on the website. Julia Lee of Polygon also described Wooloo as the best Pokémon of the decade, stating that "I want to bury my face in the Wooloo wool."
After Wooloo's major role in the Pokémon: Twilight Wings episode "Buddy", Robert Adams of GameRevolution has claimed that "Wooloo memes are the best new thing about Twilight Wings." Patricia Hernandez of Polygon mentions that "the fluffy sheep-like creature is definitely cute" and that the short "humanizes" Wooloo, and Austin Wood of GamesRadar said that Wooloo in the episode is "the cutest and exceedingly adorable."
PETA made a controversial statement on Twitter about sheep shearing depicting Wooloo. The organization later received criticism and backlash from Pokémon fans for spreading misinformation about sheep shearing.
Merchandise
A variety of merchandise depicting Wooloo has been made such as plushes, figurines, and toys.
References
External links
Wooloo on Bulbapedia
Wooloo on Pokémon.com
Fictional sheep
Pokémon species
Video game characters introduced in 2019
Nintendo protagonists
Video game memes
Internet memes introduced in 2020
In July 1942, Daniel Dionys Lenard escaped from Majdanek concentration camp. He was interviewed by the Bratislava Working Group and brought the first confirmed report of the killings back to the Jewish community in Slovakia.
Lenard was born in Žilina and was a Slovak Jew. His sister and his parents illegally entered Palestine before the Holocaust but were caught by the British and returned to Slovakia. Rachel Lenard, Lenard's sister, joined an agricultural Hachshara in Denmark in 1939 from where she went to Sweden and survived. Lenard and his parents remained and were deported to separate camps in the spring of 1942. His parents perished. Lenard managed to escape back to Slovakia in July 1942, where he gave an extensive account of the high mortality at the Majdanek concentration camp.
References
Jewish escapees from Nazi concentration camps
The Holocaust in Slovakia
Majdanek concentration camp survivors
Beluguppa is a village in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is the headquarters of Beluguppa mandal in Kalyandurg revenue division.
Geography
Beluguppa is located at . It has an average elevation of 458 metres (1501 ft).
Demographics
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Beluguppa mandal is as follows:
Total Population: 40,546 in 8,402 Households
Male Population: 20,734 and Female Population: 19,812
Children Under 6-years of age: 5,099 (Boys - 2,575 and Girls - 2,524)
Total Literates: 19,447
References
Villages in Anantapur district
"Next to You" is a song recorded by Australian record producer L D R U, featuring Brisbane-based vocalist Savoi and was released in April 2016 as the second single from L D R U's debut studio album, Sizzlar (2017).
In January 2017, the song was voted number 68 in the Triple J Hottest 100, 2016. It was certified gold in Australia in 2017.
Track listing
Digital download
"Next to You" – 2:56
Digital download
"Next to You" (Barely Alive and Virtual Riot remix)– 4:24
"Next to You" (Kyle Watson remix)– 5:19
"Next to You" (Nine Lives remix)– 3:48
"Next to You" (No Way Back remix)– 3:12
"Next to You" (Time Pilot remix)– 3:26
"Next to You" (Onda remix)– 2:50
Certification
References
2016 songs
2016 singles
L D R U songs
Australian pop songs
Parliamentary elections were held in Djibouti on 10 January 2003 to elect the National Assembly of Djibouti. The ruling coalition of President Ismail Omar Guelleh won all 65 seats in the election, defeating an opposition coalition.
The elections were the first in which women were elected to parliament after a new law was passed requiring a minimum of 10% male or female candidates in candidate lists.
Background
After being a one-party state from 1977 to 1992, limited opposition was allowed in the previous two parliamentary elections. However, the 1997 elections still saw supporters of President Guelleh win every seat in Parliament. The situation was changed for the 2003 elections, with a law that had previously restricted the number of political parties to four expiring, and full multi-party democracy was allowed.
Electoral system
Members of the National Assembly were elected from five constituencies with different numbers of seats. In each constituency, the party or coalition with the most votes won all of the seats in the constituency.
Campaign
The elections were contested between two coalitions. The ruling Union for a Presidential Majority led by Prime Minister Dileita Mohamed Dileita comprised the parties People's Rally for Progress, Front for Restoration of Unity and Democracy, National Democratic Party and the Social Democratic People's Party. They were opposed by the Union for a Democratic Alternative (UAD) coalition led by a former Prime Minister Ahmed Dini Ahmed. The UAD consisted of the Republican Alliance for Democracy, Movement for Democratic Renewal and Development, Djibouti Party for Development and the Djibouti Union for Democracy and Justice.
Five of the parties in these coalitions were new, having been formed after the law restricting the number of political parties had expired. The opposition alliance was hurt by the decision of Aden Robleh Awaleh and his National Democratic Party to move from the opposition to being a member of the government coalition. Government supporters attacked the opposition leader Ahmed Dini Ahmed for his previous role as a leader of the Front for the Restoration of Unity and Democracy during the Djiboutian Civil War in the early 1990s. The Union for the Presidential Majority called for voters to support them so they could continue to bring economic development to Djibouti and to reduce poverty and unemployment. Meanwhile, the opposition criticised the government's record, accusing it of numerous failures and called on voters to bring political change to Djibouti.
Results
The results saw the Union for the Presidential Majority win all of the seats in the Djibouti parliament after topping the vote in all five constituencies. The opposition came closest to winning seats in the capital Djibouti city where they won just short of 45% of the vote. The election saw seven women – Hawa Ahmed Youssouf, Ismahan Abdi Douksieh, Hasna Hassan Ali, Mariam Ibrahim Farah, Kadidja Mohamed Ali, Hasna Mohamed Dato and Aïcha Mohamed Robleh – elected to parliament for the first time.
International election monitors generally praised the election saying that "the electoral operations have been free from irregularities". However the opposition denounced the results saying that they were fraudulent and that there had been ballot stuffing, multiple voting and some voting cards had not been distributed. The opposition leader Dini said he would take their case to the constitutional court, but called on his supporters to not launch street protests.
References
Elections in Djibouti
Djibouti
2003 in Djibouti
January 2003 events in Africa
The 1971 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1971 NCAA University Division football season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
is a passenger railway station located in the town of Mugi, Kaifu District, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M22".
Lines
Hegawa Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 64.3 km from the beginning of the line at . Only local trains stop at the station.
Layout
The station consists of one side platform serving a single track. There is no station building, only a shelter on the platform for passengers. A flight of steps and a ramp lead up to the platform from the access road.
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese Government Railways (JGR) opened Hegawa Station on 1 July 1942 as an intermediate station when the track of the Mugi Line was extended from to . On 1 April 1987, with the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, JR Shikoku took over control of the station.
Surrounding area
Japan National Route 55
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1942
Mugi, Tokushima
Koodal Nagar is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by first-timer Seenu Ramasamy. The film stars Bharath in dual lead roles with Sandhya and Bhavana The film opened in April 2007 to negative reviews and was declared as below average at the box office.
Plot
The story is set in a suburb of Madurai. Suryan and Chandran (both played by Bharath) are twins. Suryan, the elder of the two, is a soft-spoken guy who works at a local lending library and falls in love with Manimekalai(Bhavana), the daughter of Namasivayam (Mahadevan), the local politician-don and MLA. Chandran, the younger one, works as a mortuary assistant in the local government hospital, and he is one among Namasivayam's bad guys who are in charge of his election campaign. Chandran is romantically linked to a local girl named Tamizhselvi (Sandhya). Namasivayam learns of his daughter's love affair with Suryan and orders to some killers to kill Suryan. However, they accidentally attack Chandran, who succeeds in escaping from them. Later, Chandran visits Manimekalai and requests her to forget his brother. Nevertheless, she plans to elope with Suryan. They go away and wait for the bus. Once the bus arrives, Suryan approaches it, only to be struck by a knife in the head. Namasivayam's goons have gotten to know about the plan and have come to kill Suryan. They take Manimekalai and leave. Chandran is later shocked to learn that the dead body which came into the mortuary for preparation for burial is none other than his own brother. Enraged by this, he cycles to Namasivayam's house to kill him. But their gardener prevents him from doing anything brash. Chandran later goes to an out-of-town lodge where Namasivayam stays. His goons check Chandran thoroughly and let him go up to meet Namasivayam. He cries in front of Namasivayam saying their political opponents have killed his brother, mistaking for himself. Namasivayam pretends to call the police and a judge to sort things out. Chandran then leaves, and the next day, Namasivayam goes to the mortuary to pay respect to Suryan's body. Once he is in the "body", he gets up and kills Namasivayam and two of his goons. It is Chandran, who acted like the dead body of his brother, and Tamizhselvi helps him by closing the doors of the mortuary and not letting the other goons in. All the women who were flocked to the scene hit the other goons and chase them away. Later, it is seen that both Chandran and Tamizhselvi are arrested by the police.
Cast
Bharath as Suriyan and Chandran (dual role)
Sandhya as Tamizhselvi
Bhavana as Manimekalai
Mahadevan as Namasivayam
Ilavarasu
Meera Krishnan
Periya Karuppu Thevar
Manobala as Doctor
Thennavan
Indhu
Bava Lakshmanan
Cheran Raj
Vaigai Balan
Theni Murugan
Seenu Ramasamy as Bus Conductor (cameo appearance)
Production
Production work for the film began in late 2004, with Sandhya signed up to portray a role even before the release of her first film, Kadhal (2004).
Songs
The songs are composed by Sabesh–Murali.
1: Tamil Selvi - Hariharan, Sadhana Sargam
2: Vaarrar Ayya Vaarraru - Thulasidhas
3: Yaarathu Yaarathu - Haricharan, Swetha
4: Yakka Nillukka - Karthik
5: Aayiram Thalaiyapaathu - Tippu
6: Kaalgal Munnalae - Chandre
References
External links
2007 films
Films shot in Madurai
Twins in Indian films
2000s Tamil-language films
2007 directorial debut films
Films directed by Seenu Ramasamy
Quillan Roberts (born 13 September 1994) is a professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Electric City FC in League1 Ontario. Born in Canada, he currently represents the Guyana national team after having previously represented Canada at youth and senior level
After spells in the youth ranks of Toronto FC and Portugal FC, Roberts signed a first-team contract with Toronto FC in 2012. After loan spells with the Wilmington Hammerheads and Toronto FC II, he was released after the 2016 season.
A move to Woodbridge Strikers saw Roberts record a league and cup double, while also being named First Team All Star and Goalkeeper of the Year. That year, he also appeared for York University Lions and lifted the title in the Ontario University Athletics.
He has been capped once for the Canadian national team, and scored from his own half in one of three appearances at youth level during the FIFA Under-17 World Cup in 2011.
Club career
Early career
Roberts began playing soccer at age six with Brampton Youth SC.
Toronto FC
A product of the Toronto FC Academy, Roberts also had a brief spell in the youth ranks of Portugal FC in the Canadian Soccer League. On April 10, 2012, he became the seventh graduate to join Toronto FC after signing a first team contract.
On July 21, 2012, he made his first appearance as a second-half substitute for Freddy Hall in a 1–1 draw against a Liverpool side including Joe Cole, Martin Škrtel and Raheem Sterling.
After five years in the first team squad without making a senior appearance, Roberts was released in December 2016.
Wilmington Hammerheads (loan)
After failing to make a competitive appearance in two seasons with Toronto, Roberts was loaned to United Soccer League side the Wilmington Hammerheads alongside teammates Manny Aparicio and Daniel Lovitz. On April 6, 2014, he kept a clean sheet on his debut in a 0–0 draw with the Harrisburg City Islanders.
On August 6, Roberts was recalled having made 17 appearances for the club.
Toronto FC II (loan)
On March 20, 2015, Roberts was one of seven players loaned to Toronto FC II. He was joined by Alex Bono, Ashtone Morgan, Manny Aparicio, Jay Chapman, Chris Mannella and Jordan Hamilton. On April 19, he made his debut in a 1–1 draw with the Vancouver Whitecaps FC 2. After making 15 appearances during the 2015 USL season, Roberts' loan was extended and he went on to make a further nine appearances for the club.
Woodbridge Strikers
Following an unsuccessful trial with United Soccer League club the Rochester Rhinos, Roberts signed with League1 Ontario club Woodbridge Strikers for the 2017 season. Recording nine clean sheets in 19 games, he was named League1 Ontario Goalkeeper of the Year on November 10. Roberts was also named as a League1 Ontario First Team All Star as his team won the league championship.
He also appeared in every match as Woodbridge Strikers went on to clinch the League1 Ontario Cup. They saw off Sanjaxx Lions, FC London and North Mississauga before a 3–1 win against Vaughan in the final.
York University
In 2017, Roberts joined York University Lions while studying Liberal Arts & Professional Studies. He started six games in the regular season and all three in the Ontario University Athletics play-offs. He suffered just a single defeat while keeping clean sheets, including in the final of the Ontario University Athletics where they emerged successful.
Los Angeles FC
Roberts began the 2018 season on trial with United Soccer League club Ottawa Fury. He later featured for Major League Soccer side Los Angeles FC in their first ever pre-season match. He officially signed for the club on May 30, 2018. In November 2018, his contract option was declined by Los Angeles.
Forge FC
Roberts joined Canadian Premier League club Forge FC on March 2, 2019. He made his debut on May 8, 2019, recording a clean sheet in a 3–0 win over Pacific FC. He made eight league starts and one in the Canadian Championship that season on route to a CPL Championship win for Forge. On January 8, 2020, the club announced Roberts would not be returning for the 2020 season.
1812 FC Barrie
In 2021, he joined League1 Ontario side 1812 FC Barrie as a player-coach. He was named the East Division Top Goalkeeper and an East Division All-Star.
Electric City
In early 2022, he went on trial with Canadian Premier League club Valour FC. In March 2022, he joined Electric City FC in League1 Ontario.
International career
Canada
In 2011, Roberts was called up to Canada Under-17s ahead of the 2011 FIFA Under-17 World Cup in Mexico. He headed to the tournament as the backup goalkeeper to Maxime Crépeau, but injuries forced Roberts to play in the second group stage game against England. In the 87th minute, with Canada trailing England 2–1, Roberts kicked the ball into the England box from inside his own half, which bounced over English keeper Jordan Pickford and into the back of the net. The goal was the first scored by a goalkeeper in any FIFA finals tournament, and earned Canada a point as the game ended 2–2. Roberts made a further two other appearances in the tournament as Canada failed to progress past the group stages.
On March 30, 2015, Roberts made his international debut at senior level in a 3–0 win against Puerto Rico. He replaced Milan Borjan in the 86th minute of the friendly. Later he represented his country for 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup. Canada was eliminated from championship after group stage.
Guyana
As the only match Roberts played for Canada at senior level was a friendly, he could still change his affiliation to the national teams of Guyana or Jamaica, the countries of birth of his father and his mother, respectively. On May 20, 2019, he was named to Guyana's 40-man provisional squad for the 2019 CONCACAF Gold Cup. He was named to the final squad on May 30. He debuted for Guyana in the final group stage match on June 26 at the Gold Cup against Trinidad and Tobago in a 1–1 draw.
Personal life
Roberts was born in Toronto, Ontario to a Guyanese father and a Jamaican mother. He has one brother, Jamal, and moved to Brampton, Ontario aged six. He studied at Heart Lake Secondary School between 2009 and 2012, and joined York University five years later. In his spare time, Roberts has volunteered for the Toronto Humane Society, Youth Without Shelter, St Margaret's School and Young Street Mission.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Toronto FC
Canadian Championship: 2012, 2016
Woodbridge Strikers
League1 Ontario Cup: 2017
Forge FC
Canadian Premier League: 2019
Individual
League1 Ontario Goalkeeper of the Year: 2017, 2021
League1 Ontario First Team All Star: 2017, 2021
References
External links
Canada Soccer profile
Toronto FC profile
1994 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
Canadian soccer players
Guyanese footballers
Soccer players from Brampton
Soccer players from Toronto
Black Canadian soccer players
Canadian sportspeople of Jamaican descent
Canadian sportspeople of Guyanese descent
Guyanese people of Jamaican descent
Canadian expatriate soccer players
Guyanese expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Guyanese expatriate sportspeople in the United States
SC Toronto players
Toronto FC players
Toronto FC II players
Wilmington Hammerheads FC players
Los Angeles FC players
Forge FC players
Canadian Soccer League (2006–present) players
USL Championship players
League1 Ontario players
Canadian Premier League players
Canada men's youth international soccer players
Canada men's international soccer players
Guyana international footballers
Dual internationalists (football)
2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2019 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Homegrown Players (MLS)
Woodbridge Strikers players
1812 FC Barrie players
Electric City FC players
The culture of Georgia refers to one of two articles:
Culture of Georgia (country)
Culture of Georgia (U.S. state)
Soroca County was a county (Romanian: județ) in Moldova from 1998 to 2003. It bordered Ukraine, and within Moldova, the counties of Edineț, Bălți, and Orhei, and the region of Transnistria. Its capital was the city of Soroca.
References
Counties of Moldova, Statoids.com
Counties of Moldova
Counties of Bessarabia
1998 establishments in Moldova
2003 disestablishments in Moldova
States and territories established in 1998
States and territories disestablished in 2003
David John Simms (13 January 1933 – 24 June 2018) was an Indian-born Irish mathematician who was a Fellow Emeritus and former Associate Professor of Mathematics at Trinity College, Dublin. Born in Sankeshwar, Mysore (the state now known as Karnataka), India, he specialized in differential geometry and geometric quantisation. He was a member of the Royal Irish Academy from 1978 and was a member of the Editorial Board of the journal Mathematical Proceedings of the Royal Irish Academy.
Academic career
Simms completed his undergraduate degree in Mathematics in Trinity College Dublin, graduating in 1955. He was elected a Scholar of the College in 1952, when he was just in the first year of his degree, a notable achievement. He went on to do a Ph.D. in the University of Cambridge under W. V. D. Hodge. Simms lectured in Glasgow University before returning to Trinity. He served as head of the Department of Pure and Applied Mathematics from 1991 to 1998.
Simms' research interests included differential geometry and geometric quantisation.
Books and select publications
Lie Groups and Quantum Mechanics, Springer Lecture Notes in Mathematics Number 52, 1968
Lectures on Geometric Quantization, (with N.M.J. Woodhouse) Springer Lecture Notes in Physics Number 53, 1976 professional papers.
Geometric quantization of energy levels in the Kepler problem, D.J. Simms - Symposia Mathematica, 1974
David Simms was a member of the Royal Irish Academy since 1978. He was a member of the Editorial Board of the journal Mathematical Proceedings of the Royal Irish Academy.
Personal life
Simms was married to Anngret Erichson, a former associate professor and head of geography at University College Dublin. They had three sons, one of whom, Brendan Simms, is a professor of international relations at Cambridge University. As a child Simms survived 13 days at sea following the sinking of the SS City of Cairo in November 1942. He was also the nephew of Irish communist Brian Goold-Verschoyle. He was also the nephew of Archbishop George Otto Simms.
Simms died on 25 June 2018 in Dublin.
References
External links
Professor Simms' Webpage
TCD Scholars Site
S.S. City of Cairo website
Flesh and Blood - RTE documentary on Goold-Verschoyle family
1933 births
2018 deaths
Academics of Trinity College Dublin
Academics of the University of Glasgow
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Differential geometers
Fellows of Trinity College Dublin
Irish mathematicians
Members of the Royal Irish Academy
Scholars of Trinity College Dublin
20th-century mathematicians
Senator Rinehart may refer to:
Nita Rinehart (born 1940), Washington State Senate
William A. Rinehart (1846–1922), Virginia State Senate
William V. Rinehart (1835–1918), Washington State Senate
The first USS Swan (AM-34/AVP-7) was a acquired by the United States Navy.
Swan, a minesweeper, was laid down at Mobile, Alabama, on 10 December 1917 by the Alabama Dry Dock & Shipbuilding Co.; launched on Independence Day 1918; sponsored by Miss Hazel Donaldson; and commissioned at New Orleans, Louisiana, on 31 January 1919.
North Sea mine clearance operations
Almost immediately, Swan prepared to sail to Scotland, to participate in clearing the huge North Sea Mine Barrage laid in 1918 to prevent warships and submarines of German High Seas Fleet from breaking out into the Atlantic. Assigned to Division Five, North Sea Minesweeping Detachment, Swan arrived at Kirkwall, Scotland, with the first wave of twelve minesweepers on 20 April 1919. Under the command of Rear Admiral Joseph Strauss, who broke his flag in tender (Destroyer Tender No. 9), the minesweepers began operations out of Inverness Firth nine days later.
Their task was monumental, as the American minesweepers (in company with modified sub chasers and British minesweepers) were tasked with sweeping over 70,000 mines laid in an area roughly long by wide, or over . Swan conducted mine sweeping operations for the next five months, spending 108 of those days at sea. Some diversion from the grueling, dangerous work was provided by the thousands of fish killed by the exploding mines, which providing an abundance of cod and herring for the Mine Detachments' cooks. Sailing for home on 1 October, the detachment made stops at Devonport, England; Brest, France; Lisbon, Portugal; the Azores; and Bermuda; before arriving in New York on 20 November.
Post-World War I Atlantic operations
Assigned to Division 2 of Mine Squadron 2 of the Atlantic Fleet, Swan completed final acceptance trials in the spring of 1920 and began routine operations out of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, in late June. These operations included buoy work and wreck salvage, and the latter duty is what brought the minesweeper into Cape Cod Bay in November of that year. On 28 November, during an attempt to refloat a wrecked oil barge, heavy seas came up quickly and cast Swan on the beach in Cape Cod Bay. The sudden disaster stranded the minesweeper on the beach and mountainous seas threatened to wreck the stricken ship. Rapid response by the Gurnet Beach Coast Guard crew saved the day, however, and the Coast Guards' heroic efforts brought all fifty-six sailors to safety through breeches buoy and surfboat.
The stranded minesweeper survived the winter on the beach and was refloated on 22 February 1921 and towed to Portsmouth, New Hampshire, for repairs. During that process Swan decommissioned there on 23 May 1922 before being placed in commission again on 23 June 1923. That fall, she was assigned to the Washington Navy Yard but operated out of Quantico, Virginia, where she provided target and other fleet services. By the spring of 1926, Swan changed duty stations again, this time working for the 15th Naval District out of Coco Solo in the Panama Canal Zone. On 30 April 1931, while still in the Canal Zone, she was designated a "minesweeper for duty with aircraft," presaging her later change of designation. She decommissioned again on 21 December 1933, this time at San Diego, California. A little over three months later, on 2 April 1934, the minesweeper was commissioned for the third time and reassigned to the Fleet Air Base at Pearl Harbor. On 22 January 1936, Swan was officially redesignated a small seaplane tender, AVP-7.
Search for Amelia Earhart
In anticipation of Amelia Earhart's flight from Howland Island to Honolulu, the Swan was one of two ships directed by the Chief of Naval Operations to act as a plane guard. The third ship, the Itasca, was a Coast Guard Cutter. On June 23, 1937, the Swan took its position halfway between Howland Island and Oahu. According to Earhart's telegrammed instructions from Bandong, Java, As she neared the Swan's location, she would ask the ship to transmit its call station by voice for five minutes, repeated twice at the end of each minute. When Earhart and Noonan failed to arrive at Howland Island on July 2, 1937, the 'Swan participated in the Earhart Search for 14 days: first, proceeding to the area around Canton Island and then west to the Gilbert Islands. The Swan was recalled to Pearl Harbor on July 16, 1937.
Under attack at Pearl Harbor
For the next five years, Swan operated as a tender for Patrol Wing (PatWing) 2 out of Pearl Harbor. On the morning of 7 December 1941, she was resting on the Marine Railway dock at Pearl Harbor when Japanese planes swooped in on the ships in the harbor. Her crew saw the first bomb dropped on the south ramp of the Fleet Air Base at 0755. Eight minutes later, she opened fire with her 3-inch anti-aircraft battery. The next few hours were so hectic for her that her crew could not maintain a chronological log of the action, but they did claim an enemy aircraft for their 3-inch battery. Though she had been in drydock for boiler upkeep, her engineers had her ready to refloat by 1315.
World War II Pacific Theater operations
Swan remained in Pearl Harbor for another month, assisting in the salvage work. Then, on 8 January 1942, she got underway for American Samoa. She arrived at Pago Pago on the 18th and remained until 25 July, except for a voyage to the Danger Islands in mid-March to rescue three naval airmen who survived 34 days at sea and had landed on the island of Puka Puka, and a month-long visit to Wallis Island from late May to early July. She headed back to Pearl Harbor on the 25th and arrived on 4 August. She was overhauled there and, after loading ammunition and supplies at Kaneohe Naval Air Station, from 28 to 30 October got underway to return to the South Pacific. On this voyage, she visited Canton Island, Suva in the Fiji Islands, Funafuti in the Ellice Islands, Gardner Island, Sydney Island, Hull Island, and Palmyra Island. She departed Palmyra Island on 8 December and returned to Pearl Harbor on the 13th. Swan put to sea again on the 30th to carry supplies to Canton Island. She unloaded her cargo there on 7 January 1943 and reentered Pearl Harbor on the 16th. The tender remained at Pearl Harbor until 12 March when she sailed to Johnston Island to tow YC-811 back to Pearl Harbor.
Swan returned to Pearl Harbor on 23 March and, from then until the beginning of May, she assisted the fleet air wing by towing targets for bombing practice. From 8 to 22 May, she made a voyage to Tern Island of French Frigate Shoals, located about halfway between the main Hawaiian Islands and Midway Island. Upon her return to Pearl Harbor, she resumed target-towing duties, this time for torpedo bombers. Between 1 and 7 June, she made another round-trip voyage to French Frigate Shoals and back, then resumed target towing and torpedo recovery duty.
For the next two years, Swan's area of operations was confined to the immediate vicinity of the major islands of the Territory of Hawaii. She continued to participate in training missions by towing targets and recovering torpedoes for both planes and ships. She also transported passengers and cargo between the islands and rendered other auxiliary services.
Post-World War II operations
By June 1945, she was in the Consolidated Shipyard, in Los Angeles, California, undergoing a major overhaul. She remained there through the month of July and into August. On 13 August, Swan headed back to Pearl Harbor and arrived on the 21st. She resumed her routine until 6 October, when she set sail for San Diego, California. After a two-day stop there, on the 15th and 16th, she continued on to the Panama Canal. She arrived at Coco Solo in the Canal Zone on 28 October and, two days later, continued on to Boston, Massachusetts. She reported to the Commandant, 1st Naval District, at Boston on 9 November.
Decommissioning
On 13 December 1945, pursuant to the findings of a board of inspection and survey, Swan was decommissioned at Boston, Massachusetts. Her name was struck from the Navy List on 8 January 1946 and, just over nine months later, on 12 October, her hulk was delivered to the Maritime Commission at Newport, Rhode Island, for disposal.
Awards
USS Swan earned one battle star during World War II.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Trumball, Robert. The Raft, Henry Holt and Company, Inc. 1942.
Trumball, Robert. The Raft, Annapolis, Maryland: United States Naval Institute. 1992. .
External links
USS Swan (AVP-7), Official Action Report for 7 December 1941
Lapwing-class minesweepers
Ships built in Mobile, Alabama
1918 ships
World War I minesweepers of the United States
Ships present during the attack on Pearl Harbor
Lapwing-class minesweepers converted to seaplane tenders
World War II seaplane tenders of the United States
Fadel Shana'a (27 March 1984 – 16 April 2008) was a Palestinian journalist working as a cameraman for Reuters. He was killed, along with eight bystanders (aged 12 to 20) by a flechette shell fired by an Israeli tank in the Gaza Strip (the 2008 Bureij killings).
Shana'a's video footage shows the tank firing and a glimpse of the incoming shell before going black at the moment of impact. The then Reuters Editor-in-chief David Schlesinger called for an investigation, as did Human Rights Watch, whose Middle East director stated that "Israeli soldiers did not make sure they were aiming at a military target before firing, and there is evidence suggesting they actually targeted the journalists." The Al Mezan Center for Human Rights denounced the killing as a deliberate war crime.
The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) released a statement saying: "The IDF wishes to emphasize that unlike terrorist organizations, not only does it not deliberately target uninvolved civilians, it also uses means to avoid such incidents... Reports claiming the opposite are false and misleading." On 13 August 2008, it was reported that the IDF had closed an investigation into the death of Shana'a without taking disciplinary action against the tank crew that killed him. In a letr sent to Reuters, then Chief Military Advocate General, Avichai Mandelblit, said: "In light of the reasonable conclusion reached by the tank crew and its superiors, that the characters were hostile and were carrying an object most likely to be a weapon, the decision to fire at the targets ... was sound." David Schlesinger said: "I'm extremely disappointed that this report condones a disproportionate use of deadly force in a situation the army itself admitted had not been analysed clearly." He added: "They would appear to take the view that any raising of a camera into position could garner a deadly response." In a statement issued at its London headquarters, Reuters said the army probe could effectively give soldiers a "free hand to kill", without being sure of the identity of their targets.
Thousands attended the funeral of Shana'a in Gaza.
See also
Media coverage of the Arab–Israeli conflict
List of journalists killed during the Israeli-Palestinian conflict
References
External links
Assassinated Palestinian journalists
Journalists killed while covering the Israeli–Palestinian conflict
1984 births
2008 deaths
Filmed killings
III Army Corps was a corps level formation of the German Army during World War II.
III Army Corps
The III Corps was formed in October 1934 as III. Armeekorps. The corps took part in Fall Weiss, the 1939 invasion of Poland as a part of Army Group North.
It then took part in Fall Gelb as a part of Army Group A, participating in the assault through the Ardennes. In March 1941, the corps was upgraded to a motorised corps status and redesignated III Armeekorps (mot). The Corps was attached to Army Group South for Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union. The corps advanced through Ukraine and took part in the Battle of Brody, Battle of Kiev, Battle of Rostov, Battle of Kharkov and Battle of Uman.
III Panzer Corps
III Panzer Corps was formed in June 1942 from III Army Corps and attached to Army Group A, the formation tasked with capturing the Caucasus as a part of Fall Blau.
In mid-1943, following the loss of the 6th Army at the Battle of Stalingrad, III Panzer Corps took part in the battles around Kharkov as part of Army Group Don. During Operation Citadel, the Corps was the striking force of Army Detachment Kempf as they attempted to protect the right flank of the 4th Panzer Army. It also took part in Operation Roland, and was involved in the retreat from Belgorod to the Dniepr.
At the beginning of 1944, the Corps participated in the relief of the forces trapped in the Korsun-Cherkassy Pocket. In March the Corps was encircled in the Kamenets-Podolsky pocket, along with the rest of the 1st Panzer Army. III Corps drove the breakout and escape. Due to heavy losses, from November 1944 to January 1945, the corps was redesignated as Gruppe Breith, after its commander General der Panzertruppe Hermann Breith.
In late 1944, III Panzerkorps participated in Operation Konrad, the failed attempts to relieve the German and Hungarian garrison at Budapest. The corps then took part in Operation Spring Awakening in Hungary. After its failure, the corps retreated through Austria, surrendering to the U.S. Army on 8 May 1945.
Commanders
Generaloberst Curt Haase (1 Sep 1939 - 13 Nov 1940)
General der Infanterie Kurt von Greiff (13 Nov 1940 - 15 Jan 1941)
Generaloberst Eberhard von Mackensen (15 Jan 1941 - 31 Mar 1942)
General der Panzertruppe Leo Freiherr Geyr von Schweppenburg (31 Mar 1942 - 20 July 1942)
Generaloberst Eberhard von Mackensen (20 July 1942 - 2 Jan 1943)
General der Panzertruppe Hermann Breith (2 Jan 1943 - 20 Oct 1943)
General der Artillerie Heinz Ziegler (20 Oct 1943 - 25 Nov 1943)
General der Infanterie Friedrich Schulz (25 Nov 1943 - 9 Jan 1944)
General der Panzertruppe Hermann Breith (9 Jan 1944 - 31 May 1944)
General der Panzertruppe Dietrich von Saucken (31 May 1944 - 29 June 1944)
General der Panzertruppe Hermann Breith (29 June 1944 - 8 May 1945)
Orders Of Battle
III.Armeekorps, May 1940 - Fall Gelb
Stab der Korps
Arko 3
Korps-Nachrichten-Abteilung 43
Korps-Nachschubtruppen 403
Feldgendarmerie-Trupp 403
3. Infanterie Division
23. Infanterie Division
52. Infanterie Division
III.Armeekorps (mot), September 1941 - Operation Barbarossa
Stab der Korps
Arko 3
Korps-Nachrichten-Abteilung 43
Korps-Nachschubtruppen 403
Feldgendarmerie-Trupp 403
14.Panzer Division
60.Infanterie Division (mot)
13.Panzer Division
SS-Division Wiking
198.Infanterie Division
III.Panzerkorps, July 1943 - Operation Citadel
Corps Troops (Stab der Korps)
Artillery Commander 3 (Arko 3)
43rd Panzer Signal Battalion
Korps-Nachrichten-Abteilung 43
Korps-Nachschubtruppen 403
Feldgendarmerie-Trupp 403
Corps attached units
Sturmgeschütz-Abteilung 228
Sturmgeschütz-Abteilung 905
Sturmgeschütz-Batterie 393
schwere-Panzer-Abteilung 503
6.Panzer-Division under Major General Walther von Hünersdorff
11.Panzer-Regiment (with 86 tanks)
4.Panzergrenadier-Regiment
114.Panzergrenadier-Regiment
76.Panzerartillerie-Regiment
7.Panzer-Division under Lieutenant General Hans Freiherr von Funck
25.Panzer-Regiment (with 87 tanks)
6.Panzergrenadier-Regiment
7.Panzergrenadier-Regiment
78.Panzerartillerie-Regiment
19.Panzer-Division under Lieutenant General Gustav Schmidt
27.Panzer-Regiment (with 70 tanks)
73.Panzergrenadier-Regiment
74.Panzergrenadier-Regiment
19.Panzerartillerie-Regiment
168.Infanterie-Division under Major General Walter Chales de Beaulieu
417.Infanterie-Regiment
429.Infanterie-Regiment
442.Infanterie-Regiment
248.Artillerie-Regiment
III Panzerkorps, March 1944 - Korsun-Cherkassy Pocket
Stab der Korps
Arko 3
Korps-Nachrichten-Abteilung 43
Korps-Nachschubtruppen 403
Feldgendarmerie-Trupp 403
1.Panzer Division
16.Panzer Division
17.Panzer Division
1.SS Panzer Division Leibstandate SS Adolf Hitler
schwere Panzer Abteilung 503
|II Panzerkorps, March 1945 - Operation Spring Awakening
Stab der Korps
Arko 3
Korps-Nachrichten-Abteilung 43
Korps-Nachschubtruppen 403
Feldgendarmerie-Trupp 403
schwere-Panzer-Abteilung 509
3.Panzer Division
1.Panzer Division
23.Panzer Division
See also
Panzer, Panzer Division
Corps, Military unit
Wehrmacht, List of German military units of World War II
External links
Army,03
Panzer corps of Germany in World War II
Military units and formations established in 1934
1934 establishments in Germany
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
Gerga () is a rural locality (a selo) in Kayakentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 3,913 as of 2010. There are 49 streets.
Geography
Gerga is located 8 km southwest of Novokayakent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Shalasi and Novye Vikri are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kayakentsky District
We Need to Talk about Dad is a 2011 television documentary film concerning mental health and domestic violence. It was aired as part of 's Cutting Edge series. The documentary was shortlisted for the 2012 British Academy Television Awards and the 2012 Grierson Awards.
Synopsis
The film tells of the effects of domestic violence and mental health within a family. It documents a 24-year-old's attempts to comprehend his father's apparently impulsive behaviour in striking his mother over the head with the blunt end of an axe. The incident happened on 27 April 2004, when the son was aged 16. The parents had been married for at that time and had two sons, the eldest of which is the subject of the film.
As a result of the attack, the father was charged with attempted murder. Psychiatric evaluations indicated a "temporary psychotic episode" linked to the recent death of his own father. He blamed the suicide of his sister, which had happened many years earlier, on his own father.
The mother's determination to prevent marital breakdown led her to tell of the father's good characteristics, to ask her sons to do the same, and to encourage the eldest son to visit his father in prison. The original charge was dropped and a conviction was made for grievous bodily harm, resulting in a relatively short jail term.
When the father returned home, the eldest son had difficulty at the time in reaccepting him. However, he later respected his father for returning rather than trying to escape. In contrast, his younger brother was pleased with his father's return, having been somewhat shielded from what had happened. The parents separated six months after the father's return.
In the film, the eldest son reflects on his mother's reacceptance of his father again. In an interview with The Guardian in 2011 discussing the film the son wondered, "Is everyone capable of that?"
Production
The film was directed by Elizabeth Stopford and produced by Peter Dale and Rare Day. It was edited by Alex Fry, with music by Chris White.
According to a blog post by Stopford on ProductionBase, production took place over 6 months. Stopford described the film as being less about the attack itself and more about subsequent family communication failures.
Reception
The documentary was shortlisted for the 2012 British Academy Television Awards (single documentary category) and for the 2012 Grierson Awards (Deluxe 142 Best Documentary on a Contemporary Theme – Domestic category).
The Scottish Daily Record described it as "powerful stuff". It has also been noted for having numerous emotional moments.
The director reported her following of live viewer commentary during transmission, via social networking platform Twitter. One viewer was reported as commenting "... I would never take back anyone who cracked my head open with an axe, let alone make them Xmas dinner!"
References
External links
We Need To Talk About Dad 4oD
British television documentaries
Cutting Edge (TV series) episodes
Global Crossing Airlines, Inc., operating as GlobalX Airlines is an American Part 121, domestic, flag, and supplemental charter airline headquartered in Miami, Florida. The airline was founded in 2019 by Ed Wegel, who previously co-founded the second incarnation of Eastern Air Lines. GlobalX provides ad-hoc passenger charter and cargo airlift to destinations throughout the United States, Caribbean and Latin America.
History
In 2019, GlobalX completed a merger with Canada Jetlines, an ultra low-cost airline headquartered in Mississauga, Ontario. In late 2020, GlobalX formed CubaX, a tour operator that will provide weekly non-stop flights from Miami to Havana, Cuba. Starting in 2021, CubaX will operate daily charter flights using GlobalX aircraft. As demand increases, the airline will add more routes in partnership with large tour operators in other key markets.
Fleet
Current fleet
As of September 2022, GlobalX operates the following aircraft:
Fleet development
On January 19, 2021, the airline took delivery of its first Airbus A320-200. In November 2021, GlobalX announced its first A321-200/P2F conversion entered the first phase of conversion at HAECO in Lake City, Florida. The aircraft, owned by Greenwich Highland Aviation (GHA), is a former AtlasGlobal aircraft. This is the first of four aircraft to be converted by GHA, and will be leased to GlobalX for use under their 'XCargo' division by September 2022. On June 14, 2022, GlobalX and GHA announced an agreement had been reached for the second Passenger-to-Freighter converted aircraft, which is due to enter service with XCargo by the end of Q4 2022.
XCargo
On October 20, 2020, GlobalX launched XCargo with an intent to lease 10 converted Airbus A321 freighters from the asset management specialist Vallair, in cooperation with Elbe Flugzeugwerke. In May 2021, GlobalX announced it has signed a letter of intent (LOI) to lease five additional Airbus A321 Passenger-to-Freighter (P2F) aircraft from ST Engineering's Aviation Asset Management unit. This brought the total number of potential A321-200P2F aircraft to 15. On March 11, 2022, GlobalX signed a long-term lease of two Airbus A321-200P2F aircraft from Petrus Aerovista A321 Holdings LLC, a joint venture between Aerovista and Petrus Aviation. On May 23, 2022, GlobalX announced they had entered an agreement with Colombian-based cargo airline Avianca Cargo to operate their A321-200P2F aircraft on a charter basis. CEO Ed Wegel later stated that the first A321-200P2F aircraft will be dedicated to Avianca's operation. On June 15, 2022, GlobalX signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Chinese logistics firm FreightCloud and its financial partner Hudson Highland Partners to establish an Asia-U.S. cargo trade lane using GlobalX's A321 freighters. Operations are expected to begin within the first Quarter of 2023. In the same announcement, GlobalX announced it anticipates the future use of Airbus A330-200 freighters, but arrival of these aircraft will not be until late-2023 at the earliest.
See also
List of airlines of the United States
References
Charter airlines of the United States
Airlines established in 2018
Airlines based in Florida
This is the list of cathedrals in Peru sorted by denomination.
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Peru:
Cathedral of the Virgin of Rosary in Abancay
Cathedral Basilica of St. Mary in Arequipa
Cathedral Basilica of St. Mary in Ayacucho
Cathedral of St. Francis of Assisi in Ayaviri
Cathedral of St. Catherine in Cajamarca
Cathedral of St. Joseph in Callao
Cathedral of the Good Shepherd in Carabayllo
St. John the Baptist Cathedral in Chachapoyas
Cathedral of St. Mary in Chiclayo
Cathedral of Our Lady of Mount Carmel and St. Peter in Chimbote
Cathedral of the Holy Family in Chulucanas
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Chuquibamba
Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of the Assumption in Cusco
Cathedral of St. Batholomew in Huacho
Cathedral of St. Augustine in Huamachuco
Cathedral of St. Antony in Huancavélica
Cathedral of the Most Holy Trinity in Huancayo
Cathedral of the Lord of Burgos in Huánuco
Cathedral of Saint Sebastian and the Immaculate Conception in Huaraz
Cathedral of the Lord of Solitude in Huaraz
St. Jerome Cathedral in Ica
Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in Iquitos
Cathedral Basilica of St. John the Apostle and Evangelist in Lima
Cathedral of St. Peter in Lurín
St. Dominic Co-Cathedral in Moquegua
St. James Cathedral in Moyobamba
Cathedral of St. Michael the Archangel in Piura
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Pucallpa
Our Lady of the Rosary Cathedral in Puerto Maldonado
Cathedral Basilica of St. Charles Borromeo in Puno
Cathedral of St. Vincent Martyr in San Vicente de Cañete
Our Lady of the Rosary Cathedral in Tacna
Cathedral of St. Ann in Tarma
Cathedral Basilica of St. Mary in Trujillo
St. Nicholas Cathedral in Tumbes
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Snows in Yurimaguas
Anglican
Cathedrals of the Anglican Church of the Southern Cone of America:
Cathedral of the Good Shepherd in Lima
See also
List of cathedrals
References
Cathedrals in Peru
Peru
Cathedrals
Cathedrals
Rogers Head () is a conspicuous headland marking the north extremity of the peninsula between Atlas Cove and Corinthian Bay on the north coast of Heard Island. Named for the Rogers family of New London, CT, including Captain Erasmus Darwin Rogers, who in 1855 made the first landing on Heard Island in the ship Corinthian, Captain James H. Rogers, master of the brig Zoe, and Henry Rogers, first mate of the Zoe, who in 1856 was leader of the first party to winter on the island. The name appears on an early manuscript map compiled by American sealers.
Headlands of Heard Island and McDonald Islands
The Myanmar national badminton team represents Myanmar in international badminton team competitions. The best result for both men and women's team was a third place finish at the 1979 and 1995 Southeast Asian Games. The men's team was selected to take part in the 1976 Thomas Cup but failed to qualify into the first round.
Competitive record
1976-2022 Thomas Cup; did not qualify
1975-2022 Uber Cup; did not qualify
1989-2022 Sudirman Cup; did not qualify
Participation in WBF World Championships
The Burmese national women's team have once medaled at the 1979 WBF World Championships. The WBF World Championships, which was organized by the now defunct World Badminton Federation which merged with the Badminton World Federation was held only once in Hangzhou, China.
Participation in SEA Games
Team competition
The Burmese national team has competed in the Southeast Asian Games since 1979. The women's team won third place in the 1979 edition. The men's team won third place twice in 1981 and 1995.
Men's team
Women's team
Medal table
As of the 2021 Southeast Asian Games
Participation in Badminton Asia competitions
Men's team
Notable former players
Men
Aung Kyaw
Han Ba Bahal
Maung Maung
Win Tun Htein
Zaw Tun Tun
Zaw Win
Ye Min Aung
Myo Min Tun
Thet Khine
Thein Win Aung
Thet Lwin Myint
Myo Zaw Oo
Women
Thida Aye Nyo
Mya Lay Sein
Khine Zar Lin
Nay Zar Hlaing
Htoo Htoo Ya
Current squad
Phone Pyae Naing
Chan Win Oo
Aung Myo Htoo
Arkar Phone Myat
Chan Win Oo
Hein Si Thu Toe
Thet Htar Thuzar
Nwe Nwe Aung
Su Win Aye
Khin Gone Yi Linn
References
Badminton
National badminton teams
Badminton in Myanmar
The Khatmiyya is a Sufi order or tariqa founded by Sayyid Mohammed Uthman al-Mirghani al-Khatim.
The Khatmiyya is the largest Sufi order in Sudan, Eritrea and Ethiopia. It also has followers in Egypt, Chad, Saudi Arabia, Somalia, Uganda, Yemen and India.
It was established by Sayyid Mohammed Uthman al-Mirghani al-Khatim, the grandson of Al-Sayyid Abdullahi Al-Mirghani Al-Mahjoob who was the Imam of Al-Haram mosque in Mecca and the Mufti.
It was established as an amalgamation of five other orders which are: Naqshbandiyya, Qadiriyya, Shazaliyya, Junaidiyya and Mirghaniyya. Mirghaniyya having been already established by Al-Sayyid or Abdullahi Al-Mirghani Al-Mahjoub.
Al-Sayyid Al-Khatim was born in At-Ta'if in Hijaz and buried in Mecca in Tihamah. He started his travels at the age of twenty five after gaining his education through a number of prominent Islamic scholars in Mecca of his time among whom was Sayyid Ahmad Ibn Idris al-Fasi.
His lineage goes back to the Islamic prophet Muhammad through his grandson the noble Al-Sayyid Al-Hussain as specified in the famous book of Ajayib Al-Athar by Al-Jabarti.
He spent a significant amount of time in Sudan, Eritrea, Egypt and Ethiopia where he lived with the local communities and played a significant role in introducing the Arabic language and the teachings of the religion of Islam to the people of these areas in an organised structure at a time when many of these communities were largely isolated and lacked organised education.
Among his accomplishments was the precedence of establishing the first school for the education of women in the Horn of Africa.
He was a man of extraordinary linguistic ability and knowledge of the sciences of both Shari'a and Haqiqa as praised by his scholars as well as an extensive knowledge of the Abrahamic religions (some of which were already practised when he arrived in Ethiopia and Egypt). These abilities allowed him to write over 30 books and articles. His writings included an explanation of the verses of the Quran in his book Taj Al-Tafaseer, a concise and immaculate description of the story of the birth of the prophet Muhammad Al-Asrar Al-Rabaniya and over 112 literary poems on the description of the attributes and praise of the prophet Muhammad.
Sufi orders
The men's football tournament at the 2014 Asian Games was held in Incheon and three other cities in South Korea from 14 September to 2 October 2014. The opening match was played 5 days prior to the opening ceremony. The men's football tournament consisted of 29 teams.
All competing nations were required to send their under-23 teams and a maximum of three over-aged players to participate.
Hosts South Korea defeated their northern neighbours 1–0 thanks to a goal in the last minute of extra time to win the gold medal. Meanwhile, Iraq won the bronze medal after defeating Thailand with the same score.
Venues
Squads
Results
All times are Korea Standard Time (UTC+09:00)
First round
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
Knockout round
Round of 16
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Bronze medal match
Gold medal match
Goalscorers
Final standing
References
Results
External links
Official website of 2014 Asian Games
Men
Maytenus disperma, sometimes referred to as the orange boxwood, is a shrub or small tree growing in eastern Australia. Often seen in and near dry rainforests.
References
</ref>
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
disperma
Trees of Australia
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
Iridium 33 was a communications satellite launched by Russia for Iridium Communications. It was launched into low Earth orbit from Site 81/23 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome at 01:36 UTC on 14 September 1997, by a Proton-K rocket with a Block DM2 upper stage. The launch was arranged by International Launch Services (ILS). It was operated in Plane 3 of the Iridium satellite constellation, with an ascending node of 230.9°.
Mission
Iridium 33 was part of a commercial communications network consisting of a constellation of 66 LEO spacecraft. The system uses L-Band to provide global communications services through portable handsets. Commercial service began in 1998. The system employs ground stations with a master control complex in Landsdowne, Virginia, a backup in Italy, and a third engineering center in Chandler, Arizona.
Spacecraft
The spacecraft was 3-axis stabilized, with a hydrazine propulsion system. It had 2 solar panels with 1-axis articulation. The system employed L-Band using FDMA/TDMA to provide voice at 4.8 kbps and data at 2400 bps with a 16 dB margin. Each satellite had 48 spot beams for Earth coverage and used Ka-Band for crosslinks and ground commanding.
Destruction
On 10 February 2009, at 16:56 UTC, at about 800 km altitude, Kosmos 2251 (1993-036A) (a derelict Strela satellite) and Iridium 33 collided, resulting in the destruction of both spacecraft. NASA reported that a large amount of space debris was produced by the collision, i.e. 1347 debris for Kosmos 2251 and 528 for Iridium 33.
See also
Kessler syndrome
References
Communication satellites in low Earth orbit
2009 in spaceflight
Satellite collisions
Satellites formerly orbiting Earth
Spacecraft launched in 1997
Iridium satellites
The yellow-eared toucanet (Selenidera spectabilis) is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae found in humid forests of Central America and the Chocó. Cassin's araçari is an alternate name for the yellow-eared toucanet. A somewhat aberrant member of the genus Selenidera, it is relatively large (total length approximately 38 cm [15 in]) and the plumage of the sexes only differ in that the male has a yellow auricular streak, while the female has a brown crown. It weighs 175-245 grams (6.2-8.7 oz.)
References
yellow-eared toucanet
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
yellow-eared toucanet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Denham Town is a predominantly residential neighbourhood in western Kingston, Jamaica. It has a reputation as one of Kingston's more violent areas. It was named in memory of Edward Brandis Denham, Governor of Jamaica 1935–1938.
Amenities
There is a police station, and three schools: Denham Town Primary, St. Alban's Primary (the oldest of the three. It is 127 years old,) and Denham Town High.
Notable people
Ken Boothe, musician and recording artist.
Gregory Isaacs, the Cool Ruler, was born in Denham Town, and has sung Kingston 14 about the postal area.
See also
List of cities and towns in Jamaica
References
External links
Aerial view.
Neighbourhoods in Kingston, Jamaica
Populated places in Saint Andrew Parish, Jamaica
Jacopo Cerutti (Lecco, Italy) is a rally raid and Enduro rider from Montorfano in Italy.
Biography
Cerutti begins riding motocross at the age of 14, after having started his racing career with BMX. At 16 years old, Cerutti makes his debut in enduro and, within three years, is already fighting for the Italian Junior Championship podium.
After winning a European and four Italian Enduro awards, since 2015 Cerutti is dedicated to Rally Raid. Also in these disciplines, he rapidly collects numerous successes: 12th place at his first Dakar Rally and three first places in the last three Italian Rally championship, racing for Motoclub Intimiano.
In 2018 Cerutti achieves the 20th place at Rally Dakar and opens season 2019 racing in the 41st Rally Dakar with Solarys Racing.
Results
Enduro
Rally Raid
Other Rally Raids
2017: Merzouga Rally : 6th
2015: Hellas Rally Raid : 1st
2015: Rally di Sardegna : 6th
2015: OiLibya Rally : 10th
Note
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from the Province of Como
Italian motorsport people
Galdino della Sala ( – 18 April 1176), Galdinus or Galdimus (), was a Roman Catholic saint from Milan in northern Italy. He was a cardinal elevated in 1165 and he also served as Archbishop of Milan from 1166 to his death in 1176. He was a staunch supporter both of Pope Alexander III, and of Milan and its neighbours in Lombardy, in their joint and parallel struggles against the Antipope Victor IV, supported by Holy Roman Emperor Frederick I Barbarossa.
He is remembered also for his charity in Milan to the poor and to those imprisoned for debt. Alexander III canonized him as a saint of the Roman Catholic Church, and he is a patron of both Lombardy and his old archdiocese.
Life
He was born in Milan around 1096 into the della Sala family which was considered to be minor nobility of the city.
He was a strong supporter of the Roman papacy in the schism that erupted in 1159 after the death of Pope Adrian IV. Pope Alexander III was the Roman candidate, while Antipope Victor IV was supported by Frederick Barbarossa and his cardinals. Galdino's Milanese church supported Alexander III, and Galdino, as archdeacon of the church, took a very public stand. Frederick came to besiege Milan and reduced it within six months.
Galdino joined Alexander III in Genoa and followed him to Maguelonne, Montpellier, and Clermont. He later followed him to Sicily and Rome upon his return in 1165. When Alexander returned to the papacy in 1165, he named Galdino in the consistory of 15 December as the Cardinal Priest of the titular church of Santa Sabina, and a year later made him the Archbishop of Milan. The year after that, Alexander III made Galdino the apostolic legate for Lombardy.
When the Lombard League expelled Barbarossa, Galdino took possession of his see and began deposing any Lombard priests who were faithful to Victor IV. He consecrated new bishops at Lodi, Alba, Cremona, Vercelli, Asti, Turin, Novara, Brescia, and Alessandria.
On 18 April 1176 Galdino della Sala died in his pulpit, having just completed a sermon against the Cathars, who were seen by orthodox Catholics as ‘heretics'.
Sainthood
Pope Alexander III canonized Galdino as a saint of the Roman Catholic Church during his pontificate.
His liturgical feast day in the Roman Catholic Church, celebrated particularly in churches which follow the Ambrosian Rite, is 18 April (the anniversary of his death).
See also
Guelphs and Ghibellines
Lombard League
Notes
External links
Saint Galdinus
Catholic Hierarchy
San Galdino
1090s births
1176 deaths
12th-century venerated Christians
12th-century Christian saints
12th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
12th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
Archbishops of Milan
Burials at Milan Cathedral
12th-century Italian cardinals
Clergy from Milan
Cardinal-bishops of Sabina
Medieval Italian saints
Canal Shores Golf Course, (formerly known as the Peter N. Jans Memorial Golf Course and the Evanston Wilmette Community Golf Course) is an 82-acre, 18-hole, par 60 golf course located in a suburban residential neighborhood on the east side of Evanston, Illinois and Wilmette, Illinois. Founded in 1919 on the banks of the North Shore Channel of the Chicago River, the course is 3,904 yards in length, featuring a narrow and tree-lined fairway and two over-the-water holes. Eleven of the holes are located in Evanston, Illinois and 7 holes are in Wilmette, Illinois.
History
Peter N. Jans, a golf professional and Evanston civic leader, championed the reclamation of the undeveloped canal banks for a golf course in north Evanston. Todd Sloan, who also laid out the back nine of the Racine Country Club in Wisconsin, is credited as the architect of the present-day Canal Shores Golf Course, which has been renamed several times during the past century. The course was built on the site of the previous location of the Evanston Golf Club, which relocated due to the construction of the North Shore Channel drainage project. The course is built substantially on public property and is managed and funded by the Evanston Wilmette Golf Course Association, a volunteer organization composed of golfers and neighbors in the City of Evanston and Village of Wilmette.
In August 2014 Joel Murray hosted the Tour of Duty Golf Classic at Canal Shores, a benefit to assist First responder(s).
North Shore Open
Canal Shores Golf Course, together with Skokie Sports Park, has played host to the annual North Shore Open golf tournament since 2015. The event was founded by Evanston resident Orin Brown, and the winner receives a ceremonial picture taken while sitting in a tire. The North Shore Channel plays a role on most of Canal Shores' 18-hole layout and the channel runs just east of Skokie Sports Park.
References
Golf clubs and courses in Illinois
Sports in Evanston, Illinois
Wilmette, Illinois
Sports venues in Cook County, Illinois
1919 establishments in Illinois
Bicameralism may refer to:
Bicameralism, a form of legislature
Bicameral mentality, a theory about the development of the human brain
For bicameral script, see Letter case
The 1956 Southern Area League was the third season of the regional third tier/division of speedway racing in the United Kingdom British teams. Brafield Flying Foxes were no longer competitors with Southern Rovers taking their place. Southern Rovers had no track and raced all their 'home' fixtures on away tracks.
Summary
Rye House Roosters were the champions for the second consecutive season. Vic Ridgeon of Rye House topped the averages.
Although the Southern Area League continued, it became the second tier division instead of the third tier division. There was not another third division of British speedway until 1996 when the Conference was inaugurated.
Final table
Leading Averages
See also
List of United Kingdom Speedway League Champions
Knockout Cup (speedway)
References
Southern Area League
1956 in speedway
Juan Manuel Rodríguez Parrondo (born 9 January 1964) is a Spanish physicist. He is mostly popular for the invention of the Parrondo's paradox and his contributions in the thermodynamical study of information.
Biography
Juan Parrondo received his bachelors degree in 1987 and defended his Ph.D at Complutense University of Madrid in 1992. He started a permanent position at UCM at 1996. In the same year he invented the well-known Parrondo's Paradox, according to which 2 losing strategies may win while working together. Since then, the paradox has been widely used in biology and finances. He has also completed a lot of research in the field of Information Theory, mostly looking at information as a thermodynamic concept, which as a result of ergodicity breaking changed the entropy of the system.
Works by Juan M.R. Parrondo
"Noise-Induced Non-equilibrium Phase Transition" C. Van den Broeck, J. M. R. Parrondo and R. Toral, Physical Review Letters, vol. 73 p. 3395 (1994)
Notes
Further reading
"Game theory: Losing strategies can win by Parrondo's paradox" G. P. Harmer and D. Abbott, Nature vol. 402, p. 864 (1999)
External links
Home page of Juan M. R. Parrondo
1964 births
Living people
People from Madrid
Spanish physicists
Probability theorists
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
The Enterprise Bus Matrix is a Data Warehouse planning tool and model created by Ralph Kimball, and is part of the Data Warehouse Bus Architecture. The Matrix is the logical definition of one of the core concepts of Kimball's approach to Dimensional Modeling – Conformed dimensions.
The Bus Matrix defines part of the Data Warehouse Bus Architecture and is an output of the Business Requirements phase in The Kimball Lifecycle. It is applied in the following phases of dimensional modeling and development of the Data Warehouse . The matrix can be categorized as a hybrid model, being part technical design tool, part project management tool and part communication tool
Background
The need for an Enterprise Bus Matrix stems from the way one goes about creating the overall Data Warehouse environment. Historically there have been two approaches: a structured, centralized and planned approach and a more loosely defined, department specific approach, in which solutions are developed in a more independent matter. Autonomous projects can result in a range of isolated stove pipe data marts. Naturally each approach has its issues; the visionary approach often struggles with long delivery cycles and lack of reaction time as needs emerge and scope issues arise. On the other hand, the development of isolated data marts leads to stovepipe systems that lack synergy in development. Over time this approach will lead to a so-called data-mart-in-a-box architecture where interoperability and lack of cohesion is apparent, and can hinder the realization of an overall enterprise Data Warehouse. As an attempt to handle this issue, Ralph Kimball introduced the enterprise bus.
Bus matrix
The bus matrix purpose is one of high abstraction and visionary planning on the Data Warehouse architectural level. By dictating coherency in the development and implementation of an overall Data Warehouse the Bus Architecture approach enables an overall vision of the broader enterprise integration and consistency while at the same time dividing the problem into more manageable parts – all in a technology and software independent manner .
The bus matrix and architecture builds upon the concept of conformed dimensions - creating a structure of common dimensions that ideally can be used across the enterprise by all business processes related to the DW and the corresponding fact tables from which they derive their context. According to Kimball and Margy Ross's article “Differences of Opinion” "The Enterprise Data warehouse built on the bus architecture ”identifies and enforces the relationship between business process metrics (facts) and descriptive attributes (dimensions)”.
The concept of a bus is well known in the language of Information Technology, and is what reflects the conformed dimension concept in the Data Warehouse, creating the skeletal structure where all parts of a system connect, ensuring interoperability and consistency of data, and at the same time considers future expansion. This makes the conformed dimensions act as the integration ‘glue', creating a robust backbone of the enterprise Data Warehouse.
Establishment and applicability
Figure 1 shows the base for a single document planning tool for the whole of the DW implementation - a graphical overview of the enterprises core business processes or events each correspond to a measurement table of facts, that typically is complemented by a major source system in the horizontal rows. In the vertical columns the groups of contextual data is found as the common, conformed dimensions.
In this way the shared dimensions are defined, as each process indicates what dimensions it applies to through the cells figure 2. By this definition and coordination of conformed dimensions and processes the development of the overall data DW bus architecture is realized. The matrix identifies the shared dimensions related to processes and fact tables, and can be a tool for planning, prioritizing what needs to be approached, coordinating implementation and communicating the importance for conformed dimensions .
Kimball extends the matrix bus in detail as seen in figure 3 by introducing the other steps of the Datawarehouse Methodology; The Fact tables, Granularity, and at last the description of the needed facts. description of the fact tables, granularity and fact instances of each process, structuring and specifying what is needed across the enterprise in a more specific matter, further exemplifying how the matrix can be used as a planning tool.
References
Business intelligence
Data management
Data warehousing
Chumphon ( ) is a southern Province (changwat) of Thailand on the Gulf of Thailand. Neighbouring provinces are Prachuap Khiri Khan, Surat Thani, and Ranong. To the west it borders the Burmese province of Tanintharyi.
Geography
Chumphon is on the Isthmus of Kra, the narrow land bridge connecting the Malay Peninsula with the mainland of Thailand. To the west are the hills of the Phuket mountain range and its northern continuation, the Tenasserim Hills. The east is coastal plain abutting the Gulf of Thailand. The main river is the Lang Suan River, which originates in Phato District. With a coastline and 44 islands, the Chumphon Archipelago, Chumphon has waterfalls, peaceful beaches, green forests, mangroves, and rivers. The total forest area is or 21.5 percent of provincial area.
Chumphon is regarded as part of "Gateway to the South".
History
The southern part of the province was originally a separate province named Lang Suan. It was incorporated into Chumphon in 1932.
In November 1989 Typhoon Gay hit the province hard: 529 people were killed, 160,000 became homeless, of farm land was destroyed. Gay is the only tropical storm on record which reached Thailand with typhoon wind strength.
Chumphon province is one of several clandestine way stations on the trafficking trail of Burmese and Rohingyas from nearby Burma (Myanmar) being moved south. Chumphon borders the Burmese province of Tanintharyi.
Toponymy
There are two different theories on the origin of the name "Chumphon". According to one, it originates from Chumnumporn (lit., 'accumulation of forces') which derives from the fact that Chumphon was a frontier city. Another theory claims the name derives from a local tree named Maduea Chumphon (มะเดื่อชุมพร, Ficus glomerata), abundant in the province.
Symbols
The provincial seal shows a fortune-bringing thevada on a lotus-pedestal, flanked by two ficus trees. In the background a fort and two watchtowers are visible, a reference to the former camp where courageous warriors from the province gathered before going into battle against the enemy.
The provincial flower is the Indian shot (Canna indica), and the finger banana is another provincial symbol. Spanner barb (Barbodes lateristriga) is a provincial fish.
Administrative divisions
Provincial government
Chumphon is divided into eight districts (amphoes), 70 sub-districts (tambons), 736 villages (mubans).
Local government
As of 26 November 2019 there are: one Chumphon Provincial Administration Organisation () and 27 municipal (thesaban) areas in the province. Chumphon and Lang Suan have town (thesaban mueang) status. Further 25 subdistrict municipalities (thesaban tambon). The non-municipal areas are administered by 51 Subdistrict Administrative Organisations - SAO (ongkan borihan suan tambon).
Economy
The coffee-growing valley of Ban Panwal in Tha Sae District includes 178,283 rais of robusta coffee plantations. It produces more than 24 million tonnes a year. Chumphon province contributes 60 percent of Thailand's total coffee production. Local brands include Thamsing, ST Chumphon, and Khao Tha-Lu Chumporn.
Besides, Chumphon is considered as the province with the second largest durian growing area in the country, after Chanthaburi. Based on 2017 data, Chumphon has an area of 164,099 rais of durian, with a yield of approximately 128,894 tons, create income for the province of not less than 6,000 million baht per year. There are more farmers grow durian every year.
Human achievement index 2017
Since 2003, United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) in Thailand has tracked progress on human development at sub-national level using the Human achievement index (HAI), a composite index covering all the eight key areas of human development. National Economic and Social Development Board (NESDB) has taken over this task since 2017.
Transportation
Air
Chumphon Airport is north of Chumphon city in Pathio District. It has direct daily flights to Bangkok's Don Mueang Airport (DMK). Flights from Bangkok are around 60 minutes.
Nok Air and Thai AirAsia operates flights between Bangkok (Don Mueang, DMK) and Chumphon Airport (CJM). The airport has transit agents for onward travel to Chumphon and the islands of the Gulf of Thailand including Ko Tao, Ko Pha Ngan, and Ko Samui.
Rail
Chumphon Railway Station is a main station of Chumphon, it is south of Bangkok Railway Station (Hua Lamphong). Chumphon is also the location of 26 other railway stations and railway halts. Lang Suan Railway Station in area of Lang Suan District is the last stop of the Southern Railway that starts from Thon Buri Railway Station (Bangkok Noi).
Road
Chumphon is south of Bangkok by Petchkasem Road (Thailand Route 4) via Pathom Phon Intersection before enter the Chumphon city, takes about 7 hours to travel. Can travel to here by bus from both Southern Bus (Taling Chan) and Northern Bus Terminals (Mo Chit 2).
Tourism
In the first 11 months of 2015, Chumphon arrivals grew by 17 percent to 1.86 million and tourism revenue by 21 percent to 7.55 billion baht. Average hotel occupancy rose to 65 percent from 53 percent in 2014. Arrivals are expected to grow by 17 percent in 2016.
Beaches
Chumphon has a long coastline.
Hat Thung Wua Laen: a beach northeast of downtown Chumphon. Food and accommodation resorts and food stalls abound in the beach area. Thung Wua Laen is from the train station of Chumphon and from Chumphon airport in Pathiu.
Hat Saphli: about from Hat Thung Wua Laen, it is a crescent-shaped beach with white sand. This beach was ranked as the cleanest beach in the country by the Pollution Control Department in 2017. There is a fishing village named Ban Tha Samet, a large community that is known for making shrimp paste and fish sauce.
Hat Sai Ri: This beach has fine white sand and clear water. It is also the location of shrine of Prince Abhakara Kiartivongse, Prince of Chumphon, who was regarded as the "Father of the Royal Thai Navy". Nearby is the HTMS Chumphon, a torpedo boat. It is and . Hat Sai Ri and Prince of Chumphon Shrine are in Na Cha-ang Subdistrict, Mueang Chumphon District.
Gallery
Notable personalities
Baitong Jareerat Petsom (b. 1993) - Environmental advocate, scriptwriter, host, director and beauty pageant titleholder won as Miss Earth - Fire 2021
References
External links
Official homepage (Thai & English)
https://www.vanlifetribe.com/thung-wua-laen-beach-thailand/
Provinces of Thailand
Southern Thailand
Kra Isthmus
Gulf of Thailand
Zechariah 7 is the seventh of the total 14 chapters in the Book of Zechariah in the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament of the Christian Bible. This book contains the prophecies attributed to the prophet Zechariah, and is a part of the Book of the Twelve Minor Prophets. This chapter is a part of a section (so-called "First Zechariah") consisting of Zechariah 1–8. The Jews having sent to inquire concerning the set fasts, Zechariah 7:1-3, Zechariah reproves the hypocrisy of their fasts, Zechariah 7:4-7, and they are exhorted by repentance to remove the cause of their calamity, Zechariah 7:8-14.
Text
The original text was written in the Hebrew language. This chapter is divided into 14 verses.
Textual witnesses
Some early manuscripts containing the text of this chapter in Hebrew are of the Masoretic Text, which includes the Codex Cairensis (from year 895), the Petersburg Codex of the Prophets (916), and Codex Leningradensis (1008).
There is also a translation into Koine Greek known as the Septuagint, made in the last few centuries BCE. Extant ancient manuscripts of the Septuagint version include Codex Vaticanus (B; B; 4th century), Codex Sinaiticus (S; BHK: S; 4th century), Codex Alexandrinus (A; A; 5th century) and Codex Marchalianus (Q; Q; 6th century).
Obedience better than fasting (7:1–7)
With the completion of the new temple in Jerusalem a question arises whether the fast of the fifth month commemorating the destruction of the first temple is still necessary. The answer (7:4—7; amplified in 7:8—14) is negative and sweeps in the fast of the seventh month also (verse 5), but more likely it means that, in the ideal world envisaged by the prophet, fasting is seen as punishment, so it should no longer be necessary.
Verse 1
And it came to pass in the fourth year of king Darius,
that the word of the Lord came unto Zechariah
in the fourth day of the ninth month, even in Chisleu;
" In the fourth year of King Darius": This happened in 518 BCE, nearly two years after the visions had occurred (Zechariah 1:7) and after the foundation of the temple was laid (Haggai 2:10). In two years more the temple was finished (Ezra 6:15), and the work of rebuilding was now proceeding vigorously; it seemed a fit opportunity for inquiring whether, in this period of comparative prosperity and success, it behoved the people to continue the fast appointed in sadder times.
"Chisleu" or "Chislev" (Nehemiah 1:1). This month corresponded to mid-November until mid-December in the Gregorian calendar. The word "Chisleu" means "torpidity," the state in which nature is in November, answering to this month.
Verse 2
When they had sent unto the house of God Sherezer and Regemmelech, and their men, to pray before the Lord,
Verse 2 in Hebrew
Masoretic text:
וישלח בית־אל שר־אצר ורגם מלך ואנשיו לחלות את־פני יהוה׃
Transliteration:
wa-yi wə- wa-; lə- - .
Literal translation:
and sent Bethel Sharezer and Regemmelech and their men to entreat the face of the Lord.
Verse 2 notes
"When they held sent unto the house of God": could be better rendered as "and Bethel sent" or "and the inhabitants of Bethel sent", because in the Hebrew order of the words, naturally the subject is 'Bethel'. In the Hebrew Bible "the house of God" is never called "Bethel", as Bethel is always a place name, whereas "the house of God" is designated by historians, Psalmists, and prophets by the name "Beth-elohim," or more commonly "Beth-ha-elohim", which are also used by Zechariah and Haggai. It is not likely that the name "Beth-el" should have first been given to the house of God, when it had been desecrated by the idolatries of Jeroboam. There is also no reason to send people to Bethel to seek an answer from God, and even more unlikely to say that they sent to Bethel, in order that those at Bethel should send to Jerusalem. Bethel, in Nehemiah's time , was one of the chief places of Benjamin. "Two hundred twenty and three of the men of Bethel and Ai" () had returned from exile with Zerubbabel. The answer is given to "the people" of the land, so the enquirers are not those still in Babylon. Although put as matter of religion, the answer shows that the question was not religious. It is remarkable that, whereas in the case of those who brought presents from Babylon, the names express some relation to God, these names are singularly, the one of a parricide son of Sennacherib, "Sharezer" ; , and of one, chief among the King of Babylon's princes ; the other probably a secular name, "Regem-melech", "the king's friend".
"To pray before the Lord": or "to entreat the face of the Lord"; in order to be directed to a proper answer for the question they came with and the temple at Jerusalem was the place where men used to go up to pray (cf. ).
Verse 3
And to speak unto the priests which were in the house of the Lord of hosts, and to the prophets, saying, Should I weep in the fifth month, separating myself, as I have done these so many years?
"And to speak unto the priests which were in the house of the Lord of hosts": Those ministered in the sanctuary, as the Targum explains it, "who offered sacrifices, etc. and who were to be consulted in matters of religion", Malachi 2:7.
"And to the prophets": who were then in being, as Haggai, Zechariah and Malachi.
"Should I weep in the fifth month?" The use of the first-person singular to express a community or a people is not uncommon; here it means the Bethelites (compare ; ; ). Weeping is the accompaniment of fasting (; ; ). This fast in the fifth month, the month of Ab, had been established in memory of the destruction of Jerusalem by Nebuchadnezzar. The temple was burnt on the ninth or tenth of the month (see ; ). The only fast-day enjoined by the Law of Moses was the great Day of Atonement on the tenth day of the seventh month, Ethanim (, etc.). But the Jews added others in memory of certain national events (see ; ; , etc.). In Zechariah 8:19 mention is made of four extraordinary fasts instituted and observed during the Captivity, viz. on the ninth day of the fourth month, in memory of the capture of Jerusalem by the Chaldeans; in the fifth month, in remembrance of the burning of the temple and city; in the seventh month, in consequence of the murder of Gedaliah (Jeremiah 41:1–); and in the tenth month, in memory of the commencement of the siege of Jerusalem by Nebuchadnezzar.
Verse 5
Speak unto all the people of the land, and to the priests, saying, When ye fasted and mourned in the fifth and seventh month, even those seventy years, did ye at all fast unto me, even to me?
"Fifth month" The original question in Zechariah 7:3 referred only to this fast; the answer embraces also another fast in seventh month appointed by human authority.
"The seventh month": This fast was instituted in consequence of the murder of Gedaliah, B.C. 587, just seventy years ago, when the greater part of the remnant of the Jews, contrary to the prophet's warning, fled into Egypt to escape the punishment of the crime (; , etc.).
"Did ye at all fast unto me, even to me?" The fast they kept was not according to the command of God, but an appointment of theirs; nor was it directed to his glory; nor was it any profit or advantage to him; and therefore it was nothing to him whether they fasted or not; see Isaiah 58:3.
"Seventy years" (also Zechariah 1:12) refers to the fulfilled Jeremiah's prophecy of exile (Jeremiah 25:12, Jeremiah 29:10) which is also cited by Daniel ().
Disobedience resulted in captivity (7:8–14)
This section contains an oracle of 'warning against repeating the sins of preexilic generations who ignored the teaching of the prophets' (cf. Zechariah 1:1–6; 8:14–17).
Verse 12
Yea, they made their hearts as an adamant stone, lest they should hear the law, and the words which the Lord of hosts hath sent in his spirit by the former prophets: therefore came a great wrath from the Lord of hosts.
"Adamant stone": translated from Hebrew , , probably means "diamond," a very hard stone, which, according to Jerome, can 'break all metals to pieces, but to be itself broken by none'; so it is called adamas, "unconquerable".
See also
Related Bible parts: Nehemiah 1, Isaiah 58, Jeremiah 1, Jeremiah 25, Jeremiah 29, Daniel 9
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Jewish
Zechariah 7 Hebrew with Parallel English
Zechariah 7 Hebrew with Rashi's Commentary
Christian
Zechariah 7 English Translation with Parallel Latin Vulgate
07
Anastasiya Dabizha (died 1729), was a Ukrainian Hetmana by marriage to Ivan Skoropadsky, Hetman of Zaporizhian Host (r. 1708-1722). She acted as the trusted political adviser of her spouse and wielded great influence within the affairs of state, particularly in connection with the foreign policy toward Russia, which was well known and became the subject of a Ukrainian saying.
References
Мордовцев Д. Л. Женщины первой половины XVIII века // Собрание сочинений. — Т.36. — Спб. 1902. — с. 16, 17, 19.
Пріцак О. Рід Скоропадських (Історично-генеальогічна студія). — Львів, 1938.
Гуржій О. «Іван носить плахту, а Настя — булаву». Суспільно-політичний портрет елітної жінки першої половини XVIII ст. // Соціум. Альманах соціальної історії. Випуск 1. — 2002. — с.219—230.
Лебединська Т. Гетьманша серед «собіратєлєй»
"Гетьман Іван Скоропадський", Ukrainian Historical Journal. 1999. No. 2
Анастасия Скоропадская (Маркевич) на Родовид
1729 deaths
18th-century Ukrainian people
People from the Cossack Hetmanate
People of the Great Northern War
Richard Abbott may refer to:
Richard Abbott (politician) (1859–1940), Australian politician
Richard Abbott (One Life to Live), a character from the American soap opera One Life to Live
Richard Abbott (actor) (1899–1986), born Simon Vandenberg, a Belgian-American actor
Richard Abbott (swimmer), American swimmer, who in 1975 participated in Swimming at the Pan American Games
See also
Richard Abbot (1818–1904), English poet
Richard Atkinson Abbot (1883–1954), New Zealand architect
Roger le Wake (fl. 1298) was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for New Shoreham in 1298.
References
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
English MPs 1298
Medaniaria is a monotypic snout moth genus described by Rolf-Ulrich Roesler and Peter Victor Küppers in 1979. Its one species, Medaniaria adiacritis, described by Alfred Jefferis Turner in 1904, is known from Australia, including Queensland.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are grey or brown with various dark lines and spots, while the hindwings are off white with narrow dark margins.
References
Moths described in 1904
Phycitini
Monotypic moth genera
Moths of Australia
Pyralidae genera
Vapour Col is a col lying south of Stonethrow Ridge on the west side of Deception Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. The name given by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1959 originates from the fumaroles in the col. This is the only locality on Deception Island where there is a complete cross-section through the stratigraphy of volcanic succession. Having a similar name in the same island is the Fumarole Bay (also known in the Spanish language as Bahía Primero de Mayo).
Important Bird Area
A 148 tract of ice-free land rising steeply from the south-western shore of Deception Island to 340 m, and including Vapour Col, has been identified an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports a large breeding colony of about 75,000 pairs of chinstrap penguins.
References
Mountain passes of the South Shetland Islands
Important Bird Areas of Antarctica
Penguin colonies
Geography of Deception Island
Jawbreakers is an album by saxophonist Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis and trumpeter Harry "Sweets" Edison recorded in 1962 and released on the Riverside label.
Reception
The Allmusic site awarded the album 3 stars with the review by Scott Yanow stating, "Harry "Sweets" Edison and Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis always made for a logical combination for both had immediately recognizable sounds and could say an awful lot with one note... Easily recommended to straightahead jazz fans as are the later Sweets-Lockjaw recordings".
Track listing
All compositions by Harry "Sweets" Edison except where noted
"Oo-Ee!" - 5:15
"Broadway" (Billy Bird, Teddy McRae, Henri Woode) - 5:20
"Jawbreakers" - 6:36
"Four" (Eddie "Cleanhead" Vinson) - 3:36
"Moolah" - 4:39
"A Gal in Calico" (Leo Robin, Arthur Schwartz) - 4:43
"I've Got a Crush on You" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) - 5:55
"Close Your Eyes" (Bernice Petkere) - 5:34
Personnel
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis - tenor saxophone
Harry "Sweets" Edison - trumpet
Hugh Lawson - piano
Ike Isaacs - bass
Clarence Johnston - drums
References
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis albums
Harry Edison albums
1962 albums
Albums produced by Orrin Keepnews
Riverside Records albums
Høruphav is a small town located on the island of Als in south Denmark, in Sønderborg Municipality.
Before 2007, the town was the seat of the Sydals Municipality.
Notable people
Christian Gerthsen (1894 in Hörup, Alsen – 1956) a Danish-German physicist
References
Cities and towns in the Region of Southern Denmark
Sønderborg Municipality
Als (island)
At the Edge of the Great City () is a 1922 German silent film directed by Hanns Kobe and starring Evi Eva, Fritz Kortner and Rudolf Forster.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Robert A. Dietrich.
Cast
References
Bibliography
External links
1922 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
Films directed by Hanns Kobe
Films based on German novels
Conquistador is the debut studio album by American musician and lead guitarist of Earth, Dylan Carlson. It was released on April 27, 2018 under Sargent House.
Singles
On March 7, 2018, Carlson released the first single from the album, "Scorpions In Their Mouths".
Critical reception
Conquistador was met with "generally favorable" reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 75, based on 8 reviews. Aggregator Album of the Year gave the release a 78 out of 100 based on a critical consensus of 7 reviews.
Track listing
Personnel
Musicians
Dylan Carlson – lead artist, guitar, producer
Holly Carlson – percussion
Emma Ruth Rundle – guitar
Production
Kurt Ballou – engineer, producer
Carl Saff – mastering
References
2018 albums
Albums produced by Kurt Ballou
Sargent House albums
Sidney Rigdon: A Portrait of Religious Excess is a 1994 biography of the early Latter Day Saint leader Sidney Rigdon written by Richard S. Van Wagoner. It is published by Signature Books.
The biography was recognized in reviews as the most comprehensive biography of Rigdon produced. The book won awards from the Mormon History Association and the John Whitmer Historical Association but was criticized by Mormon apologists as "defective" and one that "still leaves more to be desired".
Notes
1994 non-fiction books
Signature Books books
American biographies
History books about the Latter Day Saint movement
Sidney Rigdon
The Morea ( or ) was the name of the Peloponnese peninsula in southern Greece during the Middle Ages and the early modern period. The name was used for the Byzantine province known as the Despotate of the Morea, by the Ottoman Empire for the Morea Eyalet, and later by the Republic of Venice for the short-lived Kingdom of the Morea.
Etymology
There is some uncertainty over the origin of the medieval name "Morea", which is first recorded only in the 10th century in the Byzantine chronicles.
Traditionally, scholars thought the name to have originated from the word morea (μορέα), meaning morus or mulberry, a tree which, though known in the region from the ancient times, gained value after the 6th century, when mulberry-eating silkworms were smuggled from China to Byzantium.
The British Byzantinist Steven Runciman suggested that the name comes "from the likeness of its shape to that of a mulberry leaf".
History
After the conquest of Constantinople by the forces of the Fourth Crusade (1204), two groups of Franks undertook the occupation of the Morea. They created the Principality of Achaea, a largely Greek-inhabited statelet ruled by a Latin (Western) autocrat. In referring to the Peloponnese, they followed local practice and used the name "Morea".
The most important prince in the Morea was Guillaume II de Villehardouin (1246–1278), who fortified Mistra (Mystras) near the site of Sparta in 1249. After losing the Battle of Pelagonia (1259) against the Byzantine Emperor Michael VIII Palaeologus, Guillaume was forced to ransom himself by giving up most of the eastern part of Morea and his newly built strongholds. An initial Byzantine drive to reconquer the entire peninsula failed in the battles of Prinitza and Makryplagi, and the Byzantines and Franks settled to an uneasy coexistence.
In the mid-14th century, the later Byzantine Emperor John VI Kantakouzenos reorganized Morea into the Despotate of the Morea. Sons of the emperor with the rank of despotes were usually sent to rule the province as an appanage. By 1430, the Byzantines eventually recovered the remainder of the Frankish part of the Morea, but in 1460 the peninsula was almost completely overrun and conquered by the Ottoman Empire. In these conquests, the coastal and port cities remained in the hands of the Venetians such as Monemvasia, Lepanto, Modon, Koron, but these places were captured during the reigns of Bayezid II and Süleyman I. In July 1461 the last holdout, Salmeniko Castle, was taken.
The peninsula was captured for the Republic of Venice by Francesco Morosini during the Morean War of 1684–99. Venetian rule proved unpopular, and the Ottomans recaptured the Morea in a lightning campaign in 1714. Under renewed Ottoman rule, centered at Tripolitsa, the region enjoyed relative prosperity. The latter 18th century was marked by renewed dissatisfaction. Armed bands of the klephts emerged, undeterred by the brutal repression of the Orlov Revolt. They waged guerrilla war against the Turks, aided both by the decay of Ottoman power and the emergence of Greek national consciousness. Ultimately, the Morea and its inhabitants provided the cradle and backbone of the Greek Revolution.
Chronicle of the Morea
The anonymous 14th century Chronicle of the Morea relates events of the Franks' establishment of feudalism in mainland Greece following the Fourth Crusade. Despite its unreliability about historical events, the Chronicle is famous for its lively portrayal of life in the feudal community. The language in Greek versions is notable as it reflects the rapid transition from Medieval to Modern Greek. The original language of the Chronicle is disputed, but recent scholarship prefers the Greek version in MS Havniensis 57 (14th–15th century, in Copenhagen). Other manuscripts include the Ms Parisinus graecus 2898 (15th–16th century, at the Bibliothèque nationale de France, Paris). The difference of about one century in the texts shows a considerable number of linguistic differences due to the rapid evolution of the Greek language.
See also
List of traditional Greek place names
Navarino Massacre
References
Bibliography
Crusaders as Conquerors: the Chronicle of Morea, translated from the Greek with notes and introduction by Harold E. Lurier, Columbia University, 1964.
M.J. Jeffreys, "The Chronicle of Morea: Priority of the Greek Version." Byzantinische Zeitschrift 68 (1975), 304-350.
Teresa Shawcross, The Chronicle of Morea: Historiography in Crusader Greece (Oxford/New York: Oxford University Press, 2009) (Oxford Studies in Byzantium).
External links
Mystras: history
History of the Peloponnese
it:Morea
sv:Morea (halvö)
Chris McKenna is an American television writer, film producer, screenwriter, and television producer. He has written for American Dad!, Community, and The Mindy Project, and part of the first Marvel Cinematic Universe Spider-Man trilogy (2017–2021).
Career
McKenna was an uncredited writer on the 2004 film The Girl Next Door, having developed the screenplay with director Luke Greenfield. He was denied credit by the WGA arbitration process.
McKenna wrote some of Communitys most critically acclaimed episodes, including "Paradigms of Human Memory", "Conspiracy Theories and Interior Design", and the Emmy- and Hugo-nominated "Remedial Chaos Theory". He also co-wrote (along with his brother Matt McKenna) one of the most acclaimed episodes of American Dad!, "Rapture's Delight".
During his time as a writer for American Dad, he met Erik Sommers, who would later become his writing partner. Together they have since written for The Lego Batman Movie (2017), co-writing Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017) and its sequels, Far From Home (2019) and No Way Home (2021), along with Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (2017) and Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018).
Having worked with the Russo brothers on the sitcom Community, McKenna contributed to the script of Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014) by writing jokes for the film.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
American television writers
American television producers
American male screenwriters
Living people
American male television writers
Place of birth missing (living people)
1967 births
Natalya Zasulskaya (born 28 May 1969 in Kaunas, Lithuanian SSR) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics. She was inducted into the FIBA Hall of Fame, in 2010.
References
1969 births
Living people
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
FIBA Hall of Fame inductees
Lithuanian people of Russian descent
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of Russia
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Olympic basketball players of the Unified Team
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic gold medalists for the Unified Team
Olympic medalists in basketball
Russian women's basketball players
Soviet women's basketball players
Sportspeople from Kaunas
Ros Casares Valencia players
Bubbling Over may refer to:
Bubbling Over (album), a 1973 Dolly Parton music album
Bubbling Over (horse), a thoroughbred racehorse
Bubbling Over (1921 film), an American comedy short film starring "Snub" Pollard and Marie Mosquini
Bubbling Over (1927 film), an American animated short film
Bubbling Over (1934 film), an American short subject directed by Leigh Jason
The mangrove vireo (Vireo pallens) is a species of bird in the family Vireonidae.
Description
A drab olive or olive-grey bird, the mangrove vireo has yellow lores and two white wing bars. Sexes are similar. It is approximately long. There are two disjunct populations of this vireo: Caribbean and Pacific. The Caribbean population has both yellow and grey colour phases, while the Pacific population has no colour phases.
Subspecies
There are 10 known subspecies:
V. p. angulensis (Parkes, 1990): The Bay Islands of Honduras.
V. p. browningi (A. R. Phillips, 1991): Southeastern Nicaragua.
V. p. nicoyensis (Parkes, 1990): Peninsula and Gulf of Nicoya, Costa Rica.
V. p. ochraceus (Salvin, 1863): Pacific mangroves from Oaxaca to El Salvador (Sometimes lumped with V. p. paluster).
V. p. olsoni (A. R. Phillips, 1991): Parts of Belize.
V. p. pallens (Salvin, 1863): Honduras and Nicaragua.
V. p. paluster (R. T. Moore, 1938): Pacific mangroves from Sonora to Nayarit (Sometimes lumped with V. p. ochraceus).
V. p. salvini (Van Rossem, 1934): Yucatan Peninsula, Mexico and adjacent islands.
V. p. semiflavus (Salvin, 1863): Southernmost Campeche, southernmost Quintana Roo, Belize, Guatemala, and Honduras.
V. p. wetmorei (A. R. Phillips, 1991): Easternmost Guatemala.
Range and habitat
It is found in Belize, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and Nicaragua.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical mangrove forests, and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. The Pacific population is restricted, as the name suggests, to mangroves, while the Caribbean population occupies a wider range of habitats.
Status
The IUCN has classified this species as being of The Least Concern.
References
External links
mangrove vireo
Birds of Central America
Birds of Belize
Birds of the Yucatán Peninsula
Birds of the Caribbean
mangrove vireo
mangrove vireo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Brad Loesing (born October 9, 1989) is an American-German professional basketball player who last played for Rostock Seawolves of the ProA. As a senior at Wofford, he was selected as the 2012 Southern Conference Defensive Player of the Year and was named as a First Team Academic All-American in that 2011–12 season.
Early life
Loesing is the second of five children from a German-Catholic family in Norwood, Ohio. After graduating from Holy Trinity School in Norwood, Loesing attended St. Xavier High School in Cincinnati. In his junior season, he led the St. Xavier Bombers basketball team to the Ohio Division I State Championship game. The Bombers fell to crosstown rival Archbishop Moeller High School with a final score of 43-40. The following summer, he earned his 9th consecutive AAU state championship title with the Cincinnati Shining Stars. He played on the same team as fellow Cincinnati natives Kyle Rudolph and Greg Scruggs, who both went on to careers in the NFL. Loesing graduated in 2008, after a successful senior season at St. Xavier.
College career
As a freshman at Wofford College in Spartanburg, South Carolina, Loesing started 29 games at point guard for the Terriers basketball team and was named to the All-Southern Conference Freshman Team.
In his sophomore year, Loesing continued his integral role as point guard for the Terriers, leading the team to its first ever regular season Southern Conference Championship. Wofford went on to win the 2010 Southern Conference Tournament and earned its first ever berth into the NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament. That year, Loesing appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated's March Madness edition, representing the Wofford Terriers.
Loesing and the Terriers repeated as Southern Conference regular season and tournament champions in 2011, defeating College of Charleston 77-67 in the conference championship. In addition to leading Wofford to its second consecutive NCAA Tournament berth, Loesing earned individual accolades in his junior season by being named to the Academic All-District Team.
In his senior season, Loesing had a breakout year as co-captain of the Terriers. Averaging 14.9 points, 5.6 assists, and 79.7% from the free throw line, Loesing led the team in each of these categories. He also averaged an astounding 38.3 minutes per game, which ranked 4th in the nation among Division I players. Due to his impressive season, Loesing was named SoCon Defensive Player of the Year as well as being named to the Coach's All-Conference Team and the Media's All-Conference First Team. Succeeding off the court as well, Loesing was one of five players in the nation named as a First Team Academic All-American, earning a 3.90 GPA in Business Economics.
Loesing finished his career at Wofford with numerous school records. Currently, he holds the all-time record at Wofford for minutes played in a season (1265), minutes averaged in a season (38.3), and he shares the record for games played and started in a season (35). He also ranks 2nd in games started (130), 2nd in career minutes played (3992), 3rd in games played (132), 4th in total assists (483), 4th in assists in a season (184), 5th in assists per game (3.7), and 9th in free throw percentage (.792). Loesing finished his career as a member of Wofford's "1,000 Point Clubs" and 38th in all-time scoring with 1,068 points.
Professional career
After going undrafted in the 2012 NBA draft, Loesing signed to play with the PVSK Panthers in Pécs, Hungary where he started at point guard. In his season in Pécs, Loesing averaged 14.5 points and 4.5 assists per game.
Loesing signed with Landstede Basketbal in Zwolle, the Netherlands for the 2013-14 season. After tearing his ACL in a preseason game, Loesing was sidelined for the entire season.
On July 7, 2014, he signed a two-year contract with MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg. Before the season began, Loesing's contract was loaned to Oettinger Rockets Gotha for the 2014-15 season. With the Rockets, he averaged 10.9 points and 2.6 assists per game, ranking 3rd and 2nd on the team, respectively.
In the 2015–16 season, while with Ludwigsburg, Loesing was selected for the BBL All-Star Game.
On June 19, 2017, Loesing signed with EWE Baskets Oldenburg.
In July 2020, Loesing signed with the Rostock Seawolves.
Personal
Loesing's sister Mackenzie played collegiately at the University of Buffalo.
Loesing's sister Anna attends Clemson University and is a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma.
At Wofford, Loesing was inducted into Phi Beta Kappa liberal arts honor society for his academic achievements.
Brad is also the founder and lead partner of the Brad Loesing Basketball Camp franchise, started in 2015.
References
1989 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Hungary
American expatriate basketball people in the Netherlands
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Cincinnati
Dutch Basketball League players
EWE Baskets Oldenburg players
German men's basketball players
Riesen Ludwigsburg players
People from Norwood, Ohio
Point guards
PVSK Panthers players
Rockets (basketball club) players
Rostock Seawolves players
S.Oliver Würzburg players
St. Xavier High School (Cincinnati) alumni
Wofford Terriers men's basketball players
Nepal played their first Twenty20 International match against Hong Kong on 16 March 2014, and these records date from that match.
Listing criteria
In general, the top five are listed in each category (except when there is a tie for the last place among the five, in which case, all the tied record holders are noted).
The name of the players who have played at least one match in the last or ongoing series/tournament has been marked in bold.
Team records
Overall record
Team wins, losses, draws and ties
Team scoring records
Highest innings totals
The highest innings total scored in T20Is has been scored twice. The first occasion came in the match between Afghanistan and Ireland when Afghanistan scored 278/3 in the 2nd T20I of the Ireland series in India in February 2019. The Czech Republic national cricket team against Turkey during the 2019 Continental Cup scored 278/4 to equal the record. The highest score for Nepal is 238/3 scored against the Netherlands during the Nepal Tri-Nation series in April 2021.
Lowest innings totals
The lowest innings total scored was by Turkey against the Czech Republic when they were dismissed for 21 during the 2019 Continental Cup. The lowest score in T20I history for Nepal is 53 scored against Ireland in the 2015 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier.
Highest match aggregate
Lowest match aggregate
Highest win margins (by wickets)
Highest win margins (by runs)
Highest win margin (by balls remaining)
Lowest win margins (by runs)
Lowest win margin (by wickets)
Lowest win margin (by balls remaining)
Individual records
Batting records
Most career runs
Highest career average
Qualification: 100 runs
Highest career strike rate
Qualification: 100 Balls
Highest individual score
Most fifties and over
Most centuries
A century is a score of 100 or more runs in a single innings.
Most career sixes
Most career fours
Highest strike rate in an innings
Most runs in a calendar year
Most runs in a series
Most ducks
A duck refers to a batsman being dismissed without scoring a run.
Individual records (bowling)
Most career wickets
Best career averages
Best economy rates
Best figures in an innings
Most four (and over) wickets in an innings
Most runs conceded in an innings
Most wickets in a calendar year
Most wickets in a series
Hat-tricks
Individual records (fielding)
Does not include catches taken by wicket-keepers.
Most catches in career
Most dismissals in career
Individual records (other)
Most matches played in career
Most Matches played as Captain
♣ denotes current captain.
Partnership records
Generally in cricket, there are two batsmen who always present at the crease for batting together in a partnership. This partnership will continue until one of them is dismissed, retires or the innings comes to a close.
Highest partnerships by wicket
In cricket, A wicket partnership describes the number of runs scored before each wicket falls. The first wicket partnership is between the opening batsmen and continues until the first wicket falls. The second wicket partnership then commences between the not out batsman and the number three batsman. This partnership continues until the second wicket falls. The third wicket partnership then commences between the not out batsman and the new batsman. This continues down to the tenth wicket partnership. When the tenth wicket has fallen, there is no batsman left to partner so the innings is closed.
Highest partnerships by runs
The highest T20I partnership by runs for any wicket is held by the Afghani pairing of Hazratullah Zazai and Usman Ghani who put together an opening wicket partnership of 236 runs during the Ireland v Afghanistan series in India in 2019
Notes and references
See also
Nepal national cricket team
List of Nepal Twenty20 International cricketers
List of Twenty20 International records
List of Nepal One Day International records
List of Nepal women Twenty20 international records
Cricket in Nepal
Twenty20
Die Macher is a strategy board game published by Hans im Glück in 1986 that simulates a German general election.
Publication history
Die Macher ("The Maker") was designed by Karl-Heinz Schmiel of Germany, and published by Hans im Glück in 1986 as a four-player game. The original edition used only the Länder (German states) of the former West Germany, and featured political issues relevant to the mid-1980s.
A revised version of the game with more professional production values was released in 1998. It added the Länder of eastern Germany, a fifth party (the PDS, the successor of the East German SED), updated the issues to those of the 1990s, and extensively changed the rules. It was nominated for the 1998 Spiel des Jahres (Game of the Year) award.
In 2006, Valley Games of Canada produced a new version of the game, with language-independent components, revised issues, the PDS renamed to Die Linke, and a few minor rules changes.
Description
The game is based on the German electoral system. Each player takes the role of one of the major German political parties. In the 1986 edition, these were the CDU/CSU, FDP, SPD, and the Greens. In the 1998 version, a fifth party, the PDS, was added. In the 2006 edition the PDS was renamed Die Linke.
Components
Bonn board
4 region boards
11 region cards
7x4 cabinet cards
24 opinion poll cards
2 donation cards
42 party program cards
48 opinion cards
4 sets of 49 wooden playing pieces
2 sequence of play sheets
2 cabinet member explanation cards
2 score pads
play currency
3 special dice
debate marker
rulebook
Gameplay
Parties score points based on seats won in seven state (Land) elections, the size of their national party base, the amount to which they control the national media, and how well their party platform aligns with national opinion.
Each state election is a "mini game" on its own. Each state has its own interests (such as "do we support higher taxes, or not?"), and a party will do better if its platform aligns with the local concerns. Players can deploy a limited number of "party meetings" (groups of grassroots activists) to a state; the more they have there, the more votes they will generate when the election is resolved. "Shadow Cabinet" cards, representing influential party officials, can be used to perform some special actions, and each party tracks its "trend" (favorability rating) in the state using a sliding scale. When the election is held, each party scores votes based on the formula (trend + interest alignment)* (number of meetings). A maximum score is 50, and parliamentary seats (victory points) are awarded based on this score and the state's actual number of seats in parliament. The seven states are chosen at random from the sixteen Länder of Germany, so some elections will be more influential than others. Players can modify their party's' platform and by controlling the local media can also affect what the state is concerned about.
Winning the local election allows the party to advance their media control to the national level and to help outline the national issues list. Players see the elections developing in advance and can apply their resources to the current election or upcoming ones, adding to the difficult decision making. During each state election, parties can agree to, or be forced into, coalitions, and share in any victory. Parties must also decide whether or not they will accept contributions from special interests with the possibility of alienating their grassroots donor base.
Victory conditions
Victory points are gained in four ways:
. Winning a regional election results in 1–80 victory points
. If a winning party has some media influence in that region, the player will receive some media-control victory points.
. Victory points are also rewarded based on national membership
. Victory points are awarded if the player's party platform matches national opinion at the end of the game.
The player who amasses the most victory points wins the game.
Reception
In the March 1989 edition of Games International (Issue #3), Alan R. Moon admitted that Die Macher was "a complicated game" and that "it is a tough game to teach." He also noted that "The game doesn't let you get away with a blunder either." Despite this, Moon found the game highly attractive and recommended it, saying, "Die Macher takes more than a minute to learn and you'll probably never master it. [...] This game makes you play yourself as well as the opponent."
In the May 1989 edition of Games International (Issue #5), Brian Walker called it "arguably one of the most sophisticated [games], in terms of game mechanics, on the market."
Awards
Die Macher was nominated for the Spiel des Jahres (Germany) in 1998, and received a "Recommended" citation
Die Macher won the 1998 Essen Feather Award for "Exemplary Rules"
At the 2008 JoTa Awards (Brazil), Die Macher won the award for "Best Monster Board Game"
References
External links
Strategy Seminar
Board games introduced in 1986
Board games introduced in 1997
Board games introduced in 2006
Board games about history
Economic simulation board games
Hans im Glück games
Angela Benton (born ) is an American businesswoman. Benton founded NewME (acquired), the first startup accelerator for minorities globally in 2011. She is a pioneer of diversity and one of the most important African-Americans in the technology industry. She has helped minority-led tech companies raise over $47 million in venture capital funding.
Benton has received numerous accolades for her work, including recognition as one of Goldman Sachs' 100 Most Intriguing Entrepreneurs, Fast Company's Most Influential Women In Technology, and Business Insiders' 25 Most Influential African-Americans in Technology. Benton has been featured in numerous national and international media outlets including CNN's award-winning documentary series by Soledad O'Brien Black in America: The New Promised Land: Silicon Valley, MSNBC, Bloomberg, Inc, Forbes, Good Morning America, and the Wall Street Journal where she was a featured essayist for the paper's 125th Anniversary edition on "The Future of Entrepreneurship".
Career
Black Web 2.0
Benton launched Black Web 2.0 in August 2007. It is said that the site was launched out of her frustration to find information on what Blacks were doing in technology both from an entrepreneurial/startup and corporate perspective. The site quickly gain community amongst Black digerati and early
adopters, giving them a place to be heard and featured. Markus Robinson, a partner in the site and its COO until 2010, was a key figure in growing the platform. In the early days of Black Web 2.0 Benton served as the editor and main writer for the site, along with Robinson, and used the platform to feature and discuss key topics in Black Culture, technology, and where the two intersected. The duo often critiqued products and the digital strategies of African-American media businesses and forecasted trends in the arena, as such they quickly became the leading experts in the space.
NewME accelerator
In June 2011 Benton launched the first NewME accelerator cohort in Silicon Valley. Key figures that participated in the program as mentors, speakers, or supporters included some of the technology industry's elite; Mitch Kapor, Ben Horowitz, Vivek Wadhwa, Google, Twitter, Andreessen Horowitz, Facebook et al. The program was largely responsible for being a catalyst for elevating the conversation around diversity in the technology industry for both ethnic minorities and women. Some alumni of NewME went on to become venture capitalist themselves at Kapor Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, and TEDco. Under her leadership the company helped hundreds of minority companies raise over $47 million in venture capital funding. Benton sold NewME in December 2018.
CNN's Black in America & Silicon Valley's Race Problem
The NewME Accelerator's inaugural class was featured on CNN's fourth installment of Black in America reported by award-winning journalist Soledad O'Brien. Benton was featured as one of the primary subjects in the documentary. The documentary, whose focus was on chronicling the stories of 8 NewME Accelerator participants that traveled to Silicon Valley to work on their startups, catapulted the NewME Accelerator to a national stage and sparked a heated industry debate on the lack of minorities in technology. At the height of the debate tech maven Michael Arrington, known for off color comments, became a target for out lash on the topic.
Streamlytics
Benton founded Streamlytics, a next generation data ecosystem that provides ethical, human powered data, in 2018 to democratize data collection. The company is the market leader for an emerging data category, coined community driven data, which places data ownership into the hands of the consumers that create it. Streamlytics has a specific focus on providing data that better reflects the usage of people of color and providing financial compensation for users that opt to share their data. The company's investors include Issa Rae and The Savannah College of Art and Design.
Other
Angela Benton is a breast cancer survivor and advocate for health and wellness as it relates to entrepreneurship. She authored REVIVAL in 2017 after her cancer diagnosis.
Influence and Accomplishments
Fast Company Magazine's Most Influential Women in Technology, 2010
Minority Media and Telecommunications Council (MMTC) Hall of Fame, 2010
National Urban League Woman of Power honoree, 2010
Ebony Magazine's Power 150; 2011, 2012
40 Women of Power under 40, Black Enterprise, 2012
TheRoot 100: 2010, 2011, 2012
TheGrio100, 2012
Digital Vanguard Award, Women Interactive at Spelman University
Frost & Sullivan Innovator honoree, 2012
25 Most Influential African-Americans in Technology, Business Insider, 2013
“100 Most Intriguing Entrepreneurs”, Goldman Sachs, 2013
The New Guard: 50 Women Who Rule, Marie Claire, November 2013
Business Insiders' 46 Most Important African Americans In Technology, April 2014
Marie Claire's 20 Women Changing The Ratio, September 2014
BET, Tech Maven Award, July 2018
Adweek, 2020 Women Trailblazers, July 2020
Fast Company, Most Creative People in Business, August 2020
Inc, Female Founders 100, October 2020
Philanthropy
Benton traveled to Malawi in 2017 to support local villages with solar powered electricity through a micro fund and partnership established with Kuyere!, a project dedicated to providing solar electricity to the poorest rural households in Africa. Her investment powered 10 villages in Malawi. She produced a documentary series titled, Venture, on her time there.
Filmography
Bibliography
Benton, Angela (2017). Revival: How I Rebuilt a Life for Longevity After Cancer, Burnout, and Heartbreak. Angela Benton, Inc.
References
External links
Black Web 2.0
streamlytics
1981 births
Living people
American technology company founders
American women company founders
American company founders
21st-century American businesswomen
21st-century American businesspeople
American Internet company founders
African-American people
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American people
The Communauté de communes des Hauts de Flandre is a communauté de communes in the Nord département and in the Hauts-de-France région of France. It was formed on 1 January 2014 by the merger of the former Communauté de communes de la Colme, Communauté de communes du canton de Bergues, Communauté de communes de Flandre and the Communauté de communes de l'Yser. Its seat is in Bergues. Its area is 448.5 km2, and its population was 53,584 in 2018.
Communes
The Communauté de communes des Hauts de Flandre consists of the following 40 communes:
Bambecque
Bergues
Bierne
Bissezeele
Bollezeele
Brouckerque
Broxeele
Cappelle-Brouck
Crochte
Drincham
Eringhem
Esquelbecq
Herzeele
Holque
Hondschoote
Hoymille
Killem
Lederzeele
Ledringhem
Looberghe
Merckeghem
Millam
Nieurlet
Oost-Cappel
Pitgam
Quaëdypre
Rexpoëde
Saint-Momelin
Saint-Pierre-Brouck
Socx
Steene
Uxem
Volckerinckhove
Warhem
Watten
West-Cappel
Wormhout
Wulverdinghe
Wylder
Zegerscappel
References
Hauts de Flandre
Hauts de Flandre
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Komatsushima, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M05".
Lines
Chūden Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 9.2 km from the beginning of the line at . Only local trains stop at the station.
Layout
The station consists of an island platform serving two tracks. A passing loop runs to the side of track 1 in between the platform and the station building. The station building is unstaffed and serves only as a waiting room. Access to the island platform is by means of a level crossing and ramp.
To the south of the station, the Komatsushima Line once branched off towards the railway facilities at Komatshima Port. At 1.9 km, the Komatsushima Line was the shortest line in the network of Japanese National Railways (JNR). The line was closed in 1985. The old Komatsushima Station and its environs has now been turned into a park where the station building and several steam locomotives are on display.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Chūden Station was opened on 15 December 1916 along a stretch of track laid down in 1913 by the between and the port at Komatsushima (where the rail facilities are now closed). This was to serve as a transfer station for a stretch of track built by the from Chūden to and Furushō (now closed).
The Awa Steamship company was nationalized on 1 September 1917, and Japanese Government Railways (JGR) took over control of the station and operated it as part of the Komatsushima Light Railway and later, the Komatsushima Line. On 1 July 1936, the Anan Railway was nationalized and became part of the Mugi Line. On 1 April 1961, the starting point of the Mugi Line was shifted to . Chūden now became the starting point of the Komatsushima Line. On 14 March 1985, the Komatsushima Line was closed and Chūden was then served only by the Mugi Line.
On 1 April 1987, with the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, JR Shikoku took over control of the station.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 888 passengers daily
Surrounding area
Komatsushima City Chiyo Elementary School
Tokushima Prefectural Komatsushima Nishi High School
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1916
Komatsushima, Tokushima
Son Seol-Min (; born 26 April 1990) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Gangwon FC in the K League Challenge.
External links
1990 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
South Korean footballers
Jeonnam Dragons players
Gangwon FC players
Daejeon Hana Citizen FC players
K League 1 players
K League 2 players
Korea National League players
Melissa Sgambelluri (born 1983 in New York) is an American actress, dancer, and singer, most famous for her appearances on American Idol Season 6 as the "fountain girl". She was raised in the Capital District and now lives in New York City. Melissa has appeared on Saturday Night Live and worked on an EP.
Early career
Sgambelluri acted in local theater in Albany's Washington Park, and was a runner-up for the Albany Tulip Queen beauty contest. She attended Bishop Maginn High School and the College of Saint Rose in Albany, New York. She was the opening act for American Idol Season 4 runner-up Bo Bice, and sang locally at other gigs in the Capital District of New York, while also working as a receptionist at a hair stylist's boutique.
Sgambelluri appeared in the first few minutes of the "Best of the Rest" episode of American Idol Season 6, where she sang Christina Aguilera's Ain't No Other Man and Ira Gershwin's Someone to Watch Over Me. She also appeared in the opening credits and a promo that season jumping up and down in a fountain in Memphis with her "Golden Ticket" to Hollywood, but was contractually required to keep her final status a secret.
Sgambelluri was eliminated from the competition in the Hollywood rounds. She did, however, make it into the Idol Final 100, received kudos from Paula Abdul and Randy Jackson, was feted in Albany, and was able to perform in Hollywood.
Subsequent career
Sgambelluri has recorded a video at Quad Studios in New York City, which is now shown at YouTube and other viral video web sites. Since mid-2007, she has performed as an R & B singer around the Capital District, as well as the New York City area. She lives in New York City and is co-lead singer for the Connecticut pop cover band, So What?.
References
External links
Bio on So What? band website
Sample songs from a fan page
Sample videos from the "Sgambelluri video compilation" on a Japanese web site
Sample videos from the FlashGameSite fan site
Sample videos from the Fresh News Indian web site
Sample videos on YouTube
1983 births
Living people
American Idol participants
Actors from Albany, New York
College of Saint Rose alumni
21st-century American women singers
21st-century American singers
Musicians from Albany, New York
Pictures of the Old World () is a 1972 Slovak documentary film by Dušan Hanák. The film is about old people who seemingly live at the edge of society. Pictures of the Old World was voted in 2000 by Slovak critics as the best Slovak film of all time. The film won the Best Non-Fiction Film at 1990 Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards. The film was banned until 1988 and so it is officially premiered in July 1988.
Characteristics
The film consists of dialogues with old people who haven't been "deformed by civilisation." The film tries to find answers to questions of human existence. People featured in the film tell their life stories that are linked to their ancestors' customs. Their lives are often sad and unhappy. The most of them live the remainder of their lives lonely with animals as their only friends.
See also
List of films considered the best
External links
References
1972 documentary films
1972 films
Documentary films about old age
Slovak-language films
Czechoslovak films
Films directed by Dušan Hanák
Czechoslovak documentary films
Slovak documentary films
American Potash and Chemical Company (sometimes abbreviated as AMPOT) was a large chemical manufacturer in the United States from the 1920s through the 1960s. It produced various chemicals for US industry and the US military. It was bought by Kerr-McGee in 1967, which reformed it into the Kerr-McGee Chemical Corporation (KMCC) around 1970.
History
The company started by producing borax and potash from Searles Lake, at Trona, California. During World War II it diversified to other chemicals. In 1948, the company was San Bernardino County's second-largest employer, with 1,600 of Trona's 5,000 residents on the payroll. In the 1950s it bought Eston Chemicals, Western Electrochemical, and the Lindsay Chemical Company and further diversified its product line. During the Cold war era it produced ammonium perchlorate for U.S. missile industry, particularly for Falcon, Hawk, Minuteman, Nike Zeus, Pershing, Polaris, Scout, Sergeant, Tartar missiles.
In the 1960s it bought a large interest in Compagnie des Potasses du Congo. In 1967 AMPOT was bought by Kerr-McGee. Around 1970 Kerr-McGee reorganized and AMPOT became the KMCC which in 2006 was spun off as Tronox.
When AMPOT bought the Lindsay Chemical Company it also got the Rare Earths Facility in West Chicago, Illinois.
References
External links
SSD Chemical Solution
Chemical companies of the United States
Mining companies of the United States
Mining in California
Defunct manufacturing companies based in California
Searles Valley
Kerr-McGee
Agrapha (; Greek for "non written"; singular ) are sayings of Jesus that are not found in the canonical Gospels. The term was used for the first time by J.G. Körner, a German Bible scholar, in 1776.
Definition of agrapha
The definition of agrapha posits that they must satisfy three conditions:
They must be sayings, not discourses – works like the "Didascalia" and the "Pistis Sophia", that speak of Jesus, but do not quote him, are not considered agrapha
They must be sayings of Jesus – agrapha are not sayings found in religious romances such as those found in apocryphal Gospels, the apocryphal Acts, or the Letter of Christ to Abgar, etc.
They must not be in the canonical Gospels
Mere additions to pre-existing sayings are not considered agrapha.
Examples
According to the Roman Catholic Church, for agrapha to be genuine, they must be supported by external and internal evidence. This means that early writers, like Papias, Clement, Irenaeus, and Justin Martyr would have quoted them, and the message of the agrapha must not conflict with the teachings of Jesus contained in the canonical Gospels.
New Testament
Acts 20:35: "Remember the word of the Lord Jesus, how he said: It is a more blessed thing to give, rather than to receive."
Apocryphal Scriptures
Apostolic Church Order, 26: "For he said to us before, when he was teaching: That which is weak shall be saved through that which is strong."
Acts of Philip 34: "For the Lord said to me: Except ye make the lower into the upper and the left into the right, ye shall not enter into my kingdom."
Patristic citations
Clement of Rome, First Epistle of Clement, 13: "For thus He spoke: 'Be ye merciful, that ye may obtain mercy; forgive, that it may be forgiven to you; as ye do, so shall it be done unto you; as ye judge, so shall ye be judged; as ye are kind, so shall kindness be shown to you; with what measure ye mete, with the same it shall be measured to you.'"
Polycarp of Smyrna, Epistle of Polycarp to the Philippians, 2, "but being mindful of what the Lord said in His teaching: 'Judge not, that ye be not judged; forgive, and it shall be forgiven unto you; be merciful, that ye may obtain mercy; with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again;' and once more, 'Blessed are the poor, and those that are persecuted for righteousness' sake, for theirs is the kingdom of God.'"
Papias of Hierapolis, The Expositions of the Saying of the Lord, 4: "As the elders who saw John the disciple of the Lord remembered that they had heard from him how the Lord taught in regard to those times, and said: 'The days will come in which vines shall grow, having each ten thousand branches, and in each branch ten thousand twigs, and in each true twig ten thousand shoots, and in every one of the shoots ten thousand clusters, and on every one of the clusters ten thousand grapes, and every grape when pressed will give five-and-twenty metretes of wine. And when any one of the saints shall lay hold of a cluster, another shall cry out, I am a better cluster, take me; bless the Lord through me.' In like manner, [He said] that a grain of wheat would produce ten thousand ears, and that every ear would have ten thousand grains, and every grain would yield ten pounds of clear, pure, fine flour; and that apples, and seeds, and grass would produce in similar proportions; and that all animals, feeding then only on the productions of the earth, would become peaceable and harmonious, and be in perfect subjection to man.'"
Justin Martyr, Dialogue with Trypho, 47: "Wherefore also our Lord Jesus Christ said, In whatsoever things I apprehend you, in those I shall judge you."
Clement of Alexandria, Stromata, I, 24, 158: "For ask, he says for the great things, and the small shall be added to you."
Clement of Alexandria, Stromata, I, 28, 177: "Rightly therefore the Scripture also in its desire to make us such dialecticians, exhorts us: Be approved moneychangers, disapproving some things, but holding fast that which is good."
Clement of Alexandria, Stromata, V, 10, 64: "For not grudgingly, he saith, did the Lord declare in a certain gospel: My mystery is for me and for the sons of my house."
Origen, Homily on Jeremiah, XX, 3: "But the Saviour himself saith: He who is near me is near the fire; he who is far from me, is far from the kingdom."
Oxyrhynchus Logia
Second Logion: "Jesus saith, Except you fast to the world, you shall in no wise find the kingdom of God."
Third Logion: "Jesus saith, I stood in the midst of the world, and in the flesh was I seen of them, and I found all men drunken, and none found I athirst among them, and my soul grieved over the sons of men, because they are blind in their heart, and see not."
Fifth Logion: "Jesus saith, Wherever there are three, they are without God; and wherever there is one alone, I say I am with him. Raise the stone and there thou shalt find me; cleave the wood, and there am I."
Sixth Logion: "Jesus saith, A prophet is not acceptable in his own country, neither doth a physician work cures upon them that know him."
Seventh Logion: "Jesus saith, A city built upon the top of a hill and stablished can neither fall nor be hid."
Eighth Logion: "Jesus saith, Thou hearest with one ear... ."
See also
Logia
List of Gospels
Q Gospel
Gospel of the Saviour
Gospel of Peter
Gospel of Thomas
Oxyrhynchus Gospels
Egerton Gospel
Fayyum Fragment
Dialogue of the Saviour
Gospel of the Ebionites
Gospel of the Hebrews
Gospel of the Nazoraeans
Secret Gospel of Mark
Gospel of Marcion
Gospel of Judas
Other endings of Mark
References
External links
Catholic Encyclopedia: Agrapha: Sayings of Jesus that have come down to us outside the canonical Gospels
List of agrapha at the Text excavation site
Bibliography
The Catholic Encyclopedia-"Agrapha" - 1907, therefore free of copyright
Christian genres
Agrapha of Jesus and apocryphal fragments
Christian terminology
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Flemish town Beringen, Belgium. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
|}
See also
List of onroerend erfgoed in Limburg (Belgium)
Beringen, Belgium
References
Flemish organization for Immovable Heritage, De Inventaris van het Bouwkundig Erfgoed, 2011
Beringen, Belgium
Daniel Variations is a composition for large ensemble written by American composer Steve Reich in 2006. It is scored for two soprano and two tenor voices, two clarinets, four pianos, string quartet, and six percussion players (playing bass drum, gong, and four vibraphones). Daniel Variations is in four movements. The first and third movements quote verses from the biblical book of Daniel, while the second and fourth movements use the words of Daniel Pearl, a Jewish American reporter who was kidnapped and murdered by Islamic fundamentalists in Pakistan in 2002.
The texts for the movements are:
I saw a dream. Images upon my bed and visions in my head frightened me. (Daniel 4:2, or 4:5 in Christian translations)
My name is Daniel Pearl. (I'm a Jewish American from Encino California.)
Let the dream fall back onto the dreaded. (Daniel 4:16, or 4:19 in Christian translations)
I sure hope that Gabriel likes my music, when the day is done
Repetitions of each text unfold within a series of harmonic variations structured similarly to Reich's You Are (Variations) (2004), amidst a texture of interlocking string motifs, piano and vibraphone accents and woodwind accompaniment.
Daniel Variations was commissioned by Daniel's father, Judea Pearl and the Daniel Pearl Foundation, along with the Barbican Centre, where it received its premiere in 2006 as part of the composer's 70th birthday retrospective.
References
Compositions by Steve Reich
2006 compositions
Cultural depictions of Daniel (biblical figure)
The Lujiang–Tongling railway is a single-track railway in China. The combined passenger and freight line is long and has a design speed of . Passive provision was provided for electrification and a speed increase to . It was built to transport freight, particularly coal and minerals.
History
Construction began on 23 July 2014. The railway opened to freight on 29 December 2018. Passenger services began on 18 March 2019.
Route
The line parts from the Hefei–Jiujiang railway south of Lujiang and heads east. There are two intermediate passenger stations: Longqiao and Wuwei South. The line subsequently heads south and crosses the Yangtze via the Tongling Yangtze River Railway Bridge, which it shares with the Hefei–Fuzhou high-speed railway. The line ends at Zhongming, where it meets the Nanjing–Tongling railway.
References
Railway lines in China
Railway lines opened in 2018
Peter Pope may refer to:
Peter Pope (Canadian politician) (1933–2007), Canadian businessman and politician
Peter Pope (MP), in 1386 MP for Rochester
Peter Pope (composer) (1917–1991), British composer
See also
Pope Peter (disambiguation)
Rafael Argelio Lecuona (June 2, 1928 – June 7, 2014) was from 1944 to 1955 a member of the Cuban gymnastics team and from 1970 to 2002 a political science professor at Texas A&M International University in Laredo, Texas. He competed in the Pan American Games in Buenos Aires (1951) and Mexico City (1955), in three consecutive Olympic Games from 1948 to 1956, and he was a member of the Florida State University men's gymnastics team from 1953 to 1956.
Background
Lecuona was born in Havana to Josefina Asencio Diaz and Fernando Lecuona Casado. As a youth, he was an assistant cashier at the Romeo y Julieta cigar factory in Havana. His interest in athletics began as a youth involved in street sports. He was largely self-taught in gymnastics through his close study of a film of the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany. He made his own gymnastics equipment and became so skilled that he could enter international competition. He became a member of the Cuban gymnastics team in 1944 at the age of sixteen.
Gymnastics
While at Florida State University in the capital city of Tallahassee, Florida, Lecuona was credited with being the first person to introduce into the United States the Russian Moor dismount from the pommel horse. At the 1951 Pan American Games, Lecuona won the gold medal in the pommel horse, as well as a silver medal in the men's all around rings, and vault. He also won a silver medal for his dismount on the pommel horse at the 1955 Pan American Games. Lecuona represented Cuba at the 1948 Olympic Games in London, England, the 1952 Games in Helsinki, Finland, and the 1956 Games in Melbourne, Australia. He ranked 29th among world gymnasts in 1955.
Academic career
Lecuona's success in gymnastics won him a full scholarship to Florida State University, from which he received a degree in business advertising in 1957. After the rise to power of Fidel Castro, whom Lecuona vigorously opposed, his interest turned to politics. He acquired a master's degree and a Ph.D. in political science from FSU in 1968 and 1970, respectively. He then moved to Laredo to join the original faculty there of Texas A&I University, subsequently Laredo State University and then the current Texas A&M International University. Upon his retirement in 2002, he was recognized by the Texas state university system with a professor emeritus designation.
Lecuona authored numerous books and professional articles in the fields of Latin American politics and economics, such as The International Journal on World Peace. His book, Ernesto Lecuona, the Genius and His Music, is a study of his uncle. He also wrote Spanish-language novels.
Texas A&M International University president Ray Keck said of Lecuona:
His rare combination of hard work, energy, intelligence and good humor made him an invaluable member of this faculty. He and his wife Diana have been stalwart and steady forces for good in this institution and community for a very long time. We repeatedly turned to Dr. Lecuona to head difficult tasks and complex committee assignments. His service was always stellar, and the university and our community were infinitely better places for his passion and commitment.
Personal life
Lecuona's uncle and aunt were the famed brother-and-sister Cuban composers Ernesto Lecuona and Ernestina Lecuona y Casado. Lecuona was a cousin of the living classical guitarist and composer, Leo Brouwer.
After he emigrated to the United States and with the rise of Castro, the staunchly anti-communist Lecuona never returned to Cuba. From his first marriage to the former Joan Hagle Gates (born c. 1936), from whom he was divorced, Lecuona had two sons, Mark Rafael Lecuona (born c. 1958) of Dallas, Texas, and Miguel Rafael Lecuona (born c. 1962) and wife Barbara of Fredericksburg, Texas, and two grandchildren. He is also survived by his second wife, Diana Picard Lecuona (born c. 1938), from whom he acquired two step-daughters, Monica Picard Jeffery and husband David and Jacqueline Picard Dennington and husband Joseph, and three step-grandchildren.
Lecuona died in 2014 at a social gathering in San Antonio five days after his 86th birthday. A memorial service was held on June 15 at the Student Center ballroom. The Dr. Rafael Lecuona Memorial Scholarship has been established in his honor.
References
1928 births
2014 deaths
Cuban male artistic gymnasts
Cuban emigrants to the United States
Gymnasts at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Cuba
Florida State Seminoles men's gymnasts
People from Havana
People from Tallahassee, Florida
Texas A&M International University faculty
People from Laredo, Texas
Cuban political scientists
American political scientists
Pan American Games medalists in gymnastics
Pan American Games gold medalists for Cuba
Pan American Games silver medalists for Cuba
Gymnasts at the 1951 Pan American Games
Gymnasts at the 1955 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1955 Pan American Games
Bayırbaşı is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
VRE may refer to:
Volare Airlines (ICAO code)
Vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus (vancomycin-resistant enterococci)
Variable renewable energy – wind and solar, primarily
Virginia Railway Express - a commuter rail system in Virginia, United States
Virtual research environment
John Michael English (born 16 December 1962) is an Australian politician. He was a Labor member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 2001 to 2009, representing the district of Redlands. He was Deputy Speaker of the Parliament from 2006 to 2009 and also served on the Parliamentary Crime & Misconduct Committee and the Public Accounts Committee.
English was born in Maleny, Queensland. Prior to his election he was a police officer.
References
1962 births
Living people
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Queensland
21st-century Australian politicians
Murphy Cove is a community on the Eastern Shore of Nova Scotia, Canada, in the Halifax Regional Municipality. The community is located on the Marine Drive on Nova Scotia Trunk 7, about west of Sheet Harbour, Nova Scotia. The community is named for Thomas Murphy, an Irish settler. The community is situated on the shores of Shoal Bay, an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean. Settlement in the area began in the 1830s.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
The 2008–09 season saw West Ham United compete in the Premier League, where the club finished in 9th place. The beginning of the season was overshadowed by the sudden resignation of manager Alan Curbishley, following the sale of first team players Anton Ferdinand and George McCartney to Sunderland - after Curbishley claimed that these transfers had been authorised without his consent - and the related financial troubles of the club's owners, brought on by the 2008 Icelandic Banking Crisis. The club's owners had their assets frozen by the UK government, with the club narrowly avoiding going into administration as a result. Curbishley was replaced by Italian former Chelsea forward Gianfranco Zola on 9 September.
The club recovered from its off-field troubles, and a relatively poor start to the season, to finish in the top half and were never seriously threatened with relegation after the turn of the year.
Final league table
Squad
Results
Premier League
League Cup
FA Cup
Statistics
Overview
Goalscorers
League position by matchday
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=12 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=12 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=12 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=12 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|}
References
External links
West Ham United FC official website
West Ham United FC on Soccerbase
2008-09
2008–09 Premier League by team
2008 sports events in London
2009 sports events in London
Almighty Fire is the twenty-fourth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin, released on April 13, 1978, by Atlantic Records. By the time of the album's release, Franklin was going through a commercial slump, due in part to the widespread popularity of disco.
Franklin was reunited with Curtis Mayfield after their earlier success together with the Sparkle soundtrack.
The title single reached at #12 on the Billboard R&B Singles Chart and the follow-up single, "More Than Just a Joy", peaked at #51.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Curtis Mayfield, except where noted.
Side one
"Almighty Fire (Woman of the Future)" – 4:36
"Lady, Lady" – 2:45
"More Than Just a Joy" – 3:03
"Keep On Loving You" – 3:12
"I Needed You Baby" – 4:38
Side two
"Close to You" – 4:22
"No Matter Who You Love" – 4:01
"This You Can Believe" – 4:46
"I'm Your Speed" (Aretha Franklin, Glynn Turman) – 3:40
Personnel
Aretha Franklin – vocals
Curtis Mayfield – guitar
Gary Thompson – guitar
Joseph "Lucky" Scott – bass guitar
Donnell Hagan – drums
Henry Gibson – congas
Rich Tufo – keyboards, arrangements
Lenard Druss – horns contractor
Sol Bobrov – strings contractor
Alfonzo Surrett – background vocals
Mattie Butler – background vocals
Ricki Linton – background vocals
Denese Heard and the Jones Girls – background vocals
Production
Producer – Curtis Mayfield
Engineers – Roger Anfinsen and Fred Breitberg
Remix – Roger Anfinsen
Mastered by Dennis King at Atlantic Studios (New York City).
Album cover concept – Aretha Franklin
References
External links
Almighty Fire (Woman of the Future)
1978 albums
Aretha Franklin albums
Albums produced by Curtis Mayfield
Atlantic Records albums
Mount Lugering () is a mountain nearly high on the west side of the Lanterman Range, in the Bowers Mountains of Antarctica. It marks the north side of the terminus of Hunter Glacier where it joins Rennick Glacier. The mountain was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–62, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for utilitiesman Donald R. Lugering, U.S. Navy, of the South Pole Station winter party, 1965.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Rigoberto Calderón (born 21 April 1970) is a Nicaraguan former track and field athlete who competed in the javelin throw. His personal best was , set in 1997. He represented his country at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics.
He was twice a silver medallist at the Central American and Caribbean Championships in Athletics, finishing behind Manuel Fuenmayor both times. He was also a bronze medallist at the inaugural 2007 NACAC Championships in Athletics.
He competed for Nicaragua at the 1995 Summer Universiade, 2003 Pan American Games, two editions of the Central American and Caribbean Games, and five editions of the Ibero-American Championships in Athletics. Calderón was highly successful at regional level, taking six consecutive gold medals at the Central American Games from 1990 to 2010 and setting a Games record of 71.00 m. He was also four-time champion at the Central American Championships in Athletics.
International competitions
References
External links
Living people
1970 births
Nicaraguan male javelin throwers
World Athletics Championships athletes for Nicaragua
Pan American Games competitors for Nicaragua
Athletes (track and field) at the 1991 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1995 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2003 Pan American Games
Central American Games gold medalists for Nicaragua
Central American Games medalists in athletics
Central American Games bronze medalists for Nicaragua
Competitors at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games
Competitors at the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games
20th-century Nicaraguan people
21st-century Nicaraguan people
Smith v Land and House Property Corporation (1884) LR 28 Ch D 7 is an English contract law case, concerning misrepresentation. It holds that a statement of opinion can represent that one knows certain facts, and therefore one may have still made a misrepresentation.
Facts
Land and House Property Corp (LHP) contracted with Mr. Smith to buy the freehold title of the Marine Hotel at Walton-on-the-Naze. Mr. Smith had advertised that it was let to Mr. Fleck,
Land and House agreed to buy the Hotel. However, Mr. Fleck, who had been overdue with rent, went bankrupt just before transfer of title. Land and House Property Corp. refused to complete the transaction, defending Smith's specific performance suit on the basis that the description of Fleck's "virtues" was grounds for misrepresentation. Asquith QC appeared for the landlord.
Judgment
Bowen LJ held there was a misrepresentation relied on by LHP. He held that statements of opinions can often involve statements of facts, because, "if the facts are not equally known to both sides, then a statement of opinion by the one who knows the facts best involves very often a statement of a material fact, for he impliedly states that he knows facts which justify his opinion."
Bowen LJ said with his opinion the landlord "avers that the facts peculiarly within his knowledge are such as to render that opinion reasonable." And it "amounts at least to an assertion that nothing has occurred in the relations between the landlords and the tenant which can be considered to make the tenant an unsatisfactory one... . In my opinion a tenant who has paid his last quarter's rent by driblets under pressure must be regarded as an undesirable tenant."
Given that the misrepresentation did induce the LHP to enter the contract initially, Mr. Smith was not entitled to specific performance of the contract.
Baggallay LJ and Fry LJ concurred.
See also
Bisset v Wilkinson
Redgrave v Hurd
Notes
English misrepresentation case law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
1884 in case law
1884 in British law
Grzegorz Jabłoński (born 10 March 1966) is a Polish boxer. He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He lost his first bout to Nyamaagiin Altankhuyag of Mongolia.
References
External links
Nyamaagiin Altankhuyag versus Grzegorz Jablonski 1988
1966 births
Living people
Polish male boxers
Olympic boxers of Poland
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
People from Ełk County
Sportspeople from Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
Bantamweight boxers
20th-century Polish people
21st-century Polish people
The European Association for Investors in Non-Listed Real Estate Vehicles (INREV), incorporated in 2002, is a non-profit association located in the Netherlands that provides services and education for investors interested in the European non-listed real estate fund market.
.
INREV states its goal is to improve the accessibility of non-listed real estate by promoting greater transparency, accessibility, professionalism and standards of best practice. As a pan-European body it represents a platform for the sharing and dissemination of knowledge on the non-listed real estate fund market.
INREV develops research reports and snapshots on key industry topics, analytic tools for performance analysis, benchmarking, fees analysis, and comparison, guidelines and professional standards, public affairs updates on regulations affecting the industry, events, training courses and webinars, and an online members directory.
Research
INREV publishes over a dozen reports annually on topics of interest to investors, fund managers, and financial advisors. Key research publications include: Investment Intentions survey, an annual investment intentions survey to cover European non-listed real estate funds; Fund Managers Survey, which looks at the total real estate assets under management (AUM) for individual fund managers; and, Management Fees and Terms Study, which includes an overview of the fee structures and fee levels of European non-listed real estate funds, and a comparison study which compares Europe with Asia and the US.
Industry Data
The INREV Index is a performance index for European non-listed real estate funds investing 90% or more in Europe, and is listed on Bloomberg. The INREV Index measures annual Net Asset Value based performance on a quarterly and annual basis.
INREV's Vehicles Universe provides an overview of all vehicles active in the three areas covered: European Direct Vehicles, Asian Direct Vehicles, and Fund of Funds for Europe and Asia. The databases comprise key characteristics for all real estate vehicles like the strategy, size, allocation and contact details as well as other characteristics.
Professional Standards
The INREV Guidelines provide fund managers and institutional investors with an integrated set of principles, guidelines and recommendations (including tools and examples) for governance and information provision in relation to non-listed real estate vehicles. Supporting the INREV Guidelines are: Due Diligence Questionnaires (DDQ) for fund managers, and for fund of funds and multi-managers, to streamline fund information ahead of a fund's launch; Corporate Governance Self-Assessment Tool, to provide guidance on corporate governance topics such as accountability, transparency and alignment of interest; and, the Reporting Self-Assessment Tool, to provide fund managers with an overview of any weaknesses within their fund, and allows investors to see how well funds are conforming to relevant guidelines.
Other professional standards tools include: Standard Data Delivery Sheet (SDDS) for quarterly reporting, which captures the most essential quantitative data investors say they would like to receive from their managers on a quarterly basis; and, a standard non-disclosure agreement (NDA) to replace the wide variety of NDAs currently being used in the industry, decreasing the time required to review the various NDAs and increase overall efficiency.
Public Affairs
INREV prepares briefing papers on a range of regulatory issues affecting the non-listed real estate industry, such as AIFMD and Solvency II, makes available consultation papers from the European Commission and other regulators, and also collaborates with other agencies to develop industry responses to public consultations, and more.
References
External links
Official site
Non-profit organisations based in the Netherlands
Dunklin may refer to:
Dunklin County, Missouri, United States
Daniel Dunklin (1790–1844), American politician
James Dunklin House, a historic home in South Carolina, United States
See also
Dunkin (disambiguation)
Araku railway station (station code:ARK) is an Indian railways station located near Araku Valley of Alluri Sitharama Raju district in the state of Andhra Pradesh. It belongs to South Coast Railway zone under Vishakapatnam railway division. The railway station is situated at about 935 meters elevation.
History
In 1960, Indian Railway took up three projects: the Kothavalasa–Araku–Koraput–Jeypore–Jagdalpur–Dantewara–Kirandaul line, the Jharsuguda–Sambalpur–Bargarh–Balangir–Titlagarh Project and the Biramitrapur–Rourkela–Bimlagarh–Kiriburu project. All the three projects taken together were popularly known as the DBK Project or the Dandakaranya–Bolangir–Kiriburu project (under Dandakaranya Project ). The Kothavalasa–Kirandul line was opened in 1966–67 under South Eastern Railway Zone with financial aid of Japan for transporting Iron ore.
Electrification of the Araku railway station was completed in 1982
See also
Borra Caves
Visakhapatnam–Araku AC Tourist Passenger
Araku Valley
References
External links
Railway stations in Visakhapatnam
Railway stations in Waltair railway division
Willis Joshua Bailey (October 12, 1854 – May 19, 1932) was an American politician and Republican United States Representative from Kansas and the 16th Governor of Kansas.
Born in Carroll County, Illinois, Bailey attended the common schools, Mount Carroll High School, and the University of Illinois. He married Ida B. Weede on June 9, 1903, and had two stepchildren.
Bailey moved to Nemaha County, Kansas, in 1879, and became a successful farmer, rancher, and banker. He and his father founded the town of Baileyville, Kansas in 1880. He served as member of the Kansas House of Representatives from 1888 to 1890. He was president of the Republican State League in 1893. He served as member of the Kansas State Board of Agriculture from 1895 to 1899.
Bailey was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-sixth Congress (March 4, 1899 – March 3, 1901). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1900 to the Fifty-seventh Congress.
In 1902 Bailey won the Republican gubernatorial nomination and the general election and served as Governor of Kansas from 1903 to 1905. During his tenure, construction on the state capitol was completed, railroad commissioners and the office of state printer became elective positions, and a law banning gambling devices was sanctioned.
Bailey moved to Atchison, Kansas, in 1907 and engaged in the banking business. He was elected a director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, Missouri, in 1914, and then governor of the bank in 1922, and served until his death.
Bailey died in Mission Hills, Kansas, May 19, 1932. He is interred at Mount Vernon Cemetery, Atchison, Kansas.
References
External links
National Governors Association
Kansas State Library
The Political Graveyard
Publications concerning Kansas Governor Bailey's administration available via the KGI Online Library
|-
|-
|-
1854 births
1932 deaths
American bankers
Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City presidents
Governors of Kansas
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
People from Atchison, Kansas
People from Carroll County, Illinois
People from Nemaha County, Kansas
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Republican Party governors of Kansas
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
Brhaspatimitra (), also known as Bahasatimita and Bahasatimitra, was a king of Kosambi in India. He was part of the Mitra dynasty of Kosambi.
Name
Many of the rulers of Mitra dynasty bear the suffix "-mitra" in their names.
Extent of rule
Brhaspatimitra has been called Magadharaja, a king of Magadha, in Kharavela's Hathigumpha inscription (that is related to Hathigumpha inscription). If the Brhaspatimitra mentioned in the inscription is the same king as the Brhaspatimitra of Mitra dynasty, then that would mean that the dynasty held a considerable influence in the region surrounding Kosambi. It is worth to note that there is numismatic evidence to support this theory, as Magadha is not known to not have produced any typical regional coinage unlike the contemporary Kosambi, Mathura or Panchala.
Coins of Brhaspatimitra
Most rulers of the Mitra dynasty of Kosambi, except Radhamitra, have the symbol known as the tree-in-railing in their coins. Another common symbol is the Ujjain symbol. Bull is a common animal to appear on the coinage of Kosambi of the era.
References
1st-century BC Indian monarchs
The sixth season of 7th Heaven—an American family-drama television series, created and produced by Brenda Hampton—premiered on September 24, 2001, on The WB, and concluded on May 20, 2002 (22 episodes). This is the last season in which Jessica Biel is considered a main cast member.
Cast and characters
Stephen Collins as Eric Camden
Catherine Hicks as Annie Camden
Barry Watson as Matt Camden
David Gallagher as Simon Camden
Jessica Biel as Mary Camden
Beverley Mitchell as Lucy Camden
Mackenzie Rosman as Ruthie Camden
Nikolas and Lorenzo Brino as Sam and David Camden
Adam LaVorgna as Robbie Palmer
Happy as Happy the Dog
Recurring
Sarah Danielle Madison as Sarah Glass-Camden (episodes 15-22)
Episodes
References
2001 American television seasons
2002 American television seasons
This is a list of public art in Green Park, one of the Royal Parks of London.
Green Park lies between Hyde Park and St James's Park, in the City of Westminster. Much of the present landscaping is the result of remodelling by John Nash in the 1820s, and the park had been cleared of its buildings, dating to the time of Queen Caroline, by 1855. Governments have traditionally been reluctant to situate memorials in the Royal Parks, and there were none in Green Park until the installation of the Canada Memorial in 1994. Since then two further war memorials have been added, with the second (dedicated to the memory of RAF Bomber Command) drawing criticism for "the un-greening of this section of Green Park".
References
Bibliography
Green Park
Sophia Wanuna is a Kenyan journalist and KTN TV presenter. She is the editor of Standard Media group since July 2021 and is regarded as one of the few political journalists who ask tough questions to politicians.
Wanuna attended the Catholic-sponsored Mirithu Girls Secondary School in the heart of Ndeiya village, Kiambu County.
Prior to joining KTN TV, she was a news anchor at K24 TV of Mediamax Network Limited between 2010 to 2011.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
John White (May 6, 1833 – September 24, 1894) was an Ontarian machinist and political figure. He represented Hastings East in the House of Commons of Canada as a Conservative member from 1871 to 1887.
He was born in Donegal, County Donegal, Ireland in 1833 and grew up there. In 1856, he married Esther Johnston. He operated a cheese factory on the Moira River near the town of Roslin. White served as reeve for Tyendinaga. He was elected to the House of Commons by acclamation in an 1871 by-election after the sitting member was named to the Senate. White was Grand Master for the Orange Lodge in Ontario East and, in 1874, became Deputy Grand Master for British North America.
He died in Victoria, British Columbia at the age of 61.
History professor Donald Akenson of Queen's University, in his book At Face Value, proposed that this John White may have actually been Eliza McCormack White, John White's sister, and so, the first woman elected to the House of Commons. Akenson later revealed the book to be a hoax based on Daniel Defoe's Moll Flanders.
References
1833 births
1894 deaths
Conservative Party of Canada (1867–1942) MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Canadian people of Ulster-Scottish descent
Politicians from County Donegal
Irish emigrants to pre-Confederation Ontario
Salair () is a town administratively subordinated to Guryevsk Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia, located south of Kemerovo, the administrative center of the oblast. Population:
History
It was founded in 1626 as the village of Salairskoye () on the Malaya Tolmovaya River. Town status was granted to it in 1941.
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is, together with two rural localities, incorporated as the town of district significance of Salair, which is subordinated to Guryevsk Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction—an administrative unit with a status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the town of district significance of Salair is incorporated within Guryevsky Municipal District as Salairskoye Urban Settlement.
See also
Salair Ridge
References
Notes
Sources
Cities and towns in Kemerovo Oblast
Monotowns in Russia
Mahaley Patel (née Hessam; born September 30, 1987) is an American actress best known for appearances in the films Easy A, The DUFF, and Our Show.
Personal life
Patel was born in Atlanta, Georgia as Mahaley Hessam. Her parents are Harriet and Tawab Hessam. Her father is from Afghanistan. She married Indian-American actor Ravi Patel on 8 November 2015, with whom she has a daughter named Amelie, born 2016. She owns a boxer named Coco and, in her spare time, volunteers as a youth mentor with Red Eye Inc.
She attended high school at Laurel Springs High School and college at Emory University and UCLA. Patel is also an honors graduate of UCLA. Patel attended UCLA where she got her first big break in Easy A. Patel co-founded MaHolland Productions, which specializes in producing and developing socially relevant content. Patel has had the same acting coach since she was in high school and said Lisina Stoneburner is one of the first people whom she calls when she lands a role. As of 2018, Patel attends Pepperdine University, and is working on her degree that specializes in Marriage and Family Therapy.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Living people
1987 births
American people of Afghan descent
First United Methodist Church is a historic church at 6th Ave. and 19th Street, North in Birmingham, Alabama. It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
References
Methodist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Birmingham, Alabama
Gothic Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1891
Churches in Birmingham, Alabama
Vantages Hill () (Adam Hayat) is a flat-topped hill, over 2,000 m above sea level and 300 m above the surrounding plateau, standing 10 nautical miles (18 km) southwest of Mount Henderson in the western part of Britannia Range. This is the most southerly point reached by the Darwin Glacier Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition (1957–58), who gave it this name because of the splendid view it afforded.
Hills of Oates Land
Pulaski County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 12,010. The county seat is Hawkinsville.
History
Pulaski County was created by an act of the Georgia General Assembly on December 13, 1808, from a portion of Laurens County. In the antebellum years, it was developed for cotton cultivation and is part of the Black Belt of Georgia, an arc of highly fertile soil.
In 1870, Dodge County was partially created from a section of Pulaski County by another legislative act. In 1912, the northwestern half of Pulaski County was used to create Bleckley County via a constitutional amendment approved by Georgia voters.
The county was named for Count Kazimierz Pułaski of Poland who fought and died for United States independence in the American Revolutionary War.
The county population fell by more than half from 1910 to 1930, as residents moved to cities. African Americans especially joined the Great Migration to northern and midwestern cities, both to gain work and to escape the Jim Crow racial oppression of the South.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water. The entirety of Pulaski County is located in the Lower Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 129
U.S. Route 129 Alternate
U.S. Route 129 Business
U.S. Route 341
U.S. Route 341 Business
State Route 11
State Route 11 Business
State Route 26
State Route 27
State Route 112
State Route 230
State Route 247
State Route 257
Adjacent counties
Bleckley County - northeast
Dodge County - east
Wilcox County - south
Dooly County - west
Houston County - northwest
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 9,855 people, 3,687 households, and 2,479 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 12,010 people, 4,475 households, and 3,010 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 5,151 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 63.9% white, 31.8% black or African American, 0.9% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 1.9% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 21.3% were American, 11.3% were English, 7.6% were Irish, and 6.2% were German.
Of the 4,475 households, 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were married couples living together, 17.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.7% were non-families, and 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.96. The median age was 41.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,262 and the median income for a family was $46,850. Males had a median income of $34,154 versus $21,073 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,621. About 8.5% of families and 11.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.6% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Hartford
Hawkinsville (county seat)
Government and infrastructure
Pulaski County is one of only a handful of counties in Georgia with the sole commissioner form of county government, in which the county is governed by a single elected official. Georgia is the only state that permits this form of government. In 2018, Jenna Mashburn was elected to the office of sole commissioner.
The Georgia Department of Corrections operates the Pulaski State Prison in Hawkinsville.
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County, Georgia
References
External links
GeorgiaInfo Pulaski County Courthouse History
Georgia.gov info for Pulaski County
Georgia Department of Community Affairs County Snapshots
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1808 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1808
Manolis Kalogerakis (; born 12 March 1992) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Super League 2 club Episkopi.
References
1992 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Gamma Ethniki players
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Doxa Drama F.C. players
Aris Thessaloniki F.C. players
Panionios F.C. players
Apollon Pontou FC players
Ergotelis F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Chania
Miquelets de Catalunya is a Catalan living history and historical reenactment group founded in 2005 that reenacts several Catalan Army units from the War of the Spanish Succession. In addition to military personnel, they also portray civilian roles.
History
The group was founded in December 2005. It has been involved in several reenactment events, such as the battle of Torredembarra reenactment. It has also been present in international reenactment events, like the multi-period event Military Odyssey in Maidstone, England. and in "Times and Epochs 2017" in Moscow, Russia.
Name
The term miquelets is often used to describe several irregular Catalan and Valencian mountain light troops that fought during the 17th and 18th centuries in the Iberian Peninsula.
Regiments and units
Deputation of the General Regiment of Infantry
This line infantry regiment was created in 1705 by the Deputation of the General of Catalonia, the Catalan government.
Vilar i Ferrer Regiment of Light Infantry
This regiment was created in 1710 by colonel Joan Vilar i Ferrer.
Sant Jordi Regiment of Cuirassiers
This regiment, named after Saint George (the patron saint of Catalonia), was created in July 1713 under the command of the Leautenant Colonel Josep Comes, a veteran of the Catalan Royal Guard of king Charles. This regiment participated on numerous episodes during the siege of Barcelona.
See also
Miquelets de Girona
Notes
References
Bibliography
Historical reenactment groups
Military history of Catalonia
Neotonchidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Chromadorida.
Genera:
Comesa Gerlach, 1956
Dystomanema Bezerra, Pape, Hauquier, Vanreusel & Ingels, 2013
Filitonchoides Jensen, 1986
Filitonchus Platt, 1982
Gomphionchus Platt, 1982
Neotonchoides Platt, 1982
References
Nematodes
Belden Gerald Bly Jr. (September 29, 1914 in Everett, Massachusetts – November 3, 2006 in Wakefield, Massachusetts) was an American teacher and member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives for 16 terms from 1949 to 1980, representing Saugus, Massachusetts.
Bly was born in Everett and grew up in Revere, Massachusetts. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1938. He received a master's degree in education from Boston University in 1941 and a law degree from Suffolk University in 1955.
Bly was a Rockefeller Republican; a social liberal, but conservative on matters such as the economy and national defense. In 1974, he championed the creation of a non-smoking section of the House. Bly served on the Ways and Means Committee and the Committee on Aging.
Bly also was a biology and practical law teacher, as well as a coach for the golf, baseball, basketball, football and track teams at Saugus High School. Bly taught at the New England School of Law until his retirement in 1979.
The Belden Bly Bridge, the oldest cantilever bridge in the nation, which carries Route 107 over the Saugus River was renamed after him in 1985.
Bly kept a law office in Saugus and handled cases until his death in 2006.
1968 General Election for the Massachusetts House of Representatives, 11th Essex District
Belden Bly (R) - 6,059 (53.9%)
Maurice Cunningham (D) - 5,188 (46.1%)
1972 General Election for the Massachusetts House of Representatives, 11th Essex District
Belden Bly (R) - 5,686 (48.0%)
James F. Reynolds, Jr. (D) - 3,819 (32.4%)
David A. Dwyer (I) - 2,319 (19.6%)
1974 General Election for the Massachusetts House of Representatives, 11th Essex District
Belden Bly (R) - 5,131 (55.8%)
John Gould (D) - 4,062 (44.2%)
1976 General Election for the Massachusetts House of Representatives, 11th Essex District
Belden Bly (R) - 6,644 (54.1%)
John Gould (D) - 5,129 (41.7%)
Pasquale Pignato (I) - 517 (4.2%)
1978 General Election for the Massachusetts House of Representatives, 9th Essex District
Belden Bly (R) - 6,961 (51.1%)
Steven Angelo (D) - 6,643 (48.8%)
See also
Massachusetts legislature: 1949–1950, 1951–1952, 1953–1954, 1955–1956
Massachusetts House of Representatives' 9th Essex district
Massachusetts House of Representatives' 11th Essex district
References
External links
WHDH Obituary
Boston Globe Obituary
1914 births
2006 deaths
Politicians from Everett, Massachusetts
People from Saugus, Massachusetts
People from Revere, Massachusetts
Dartmouth College alumni
Boston University School of Education alumni
Suffolk University Law School alumni
Massachusetts lawyers
20th-century American educators
Massachusetts Republicans
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American lawyers
Typhoon Amy was the second typhoon to strike China in a week during mid-July 1991. An area of convection was first observed on July 13 within the vicinity of Yap. A tropical depression developed the next day. While initially tracking westward, the system slowly deepened, becoming Tropical Storm Amy on July 16. After briefly turning northwestward, Amy intensified into a typhoon on July 17. Continuing to intensify as it tracked through the Luzon Strait, Amy reached its peak intensity of on July 18. That evening, the typhoon began to show signs of weakening, although it was still believed to have been a typhoon when it made landfall in the province of Guangdong on July 19, becoming the strongest tropical cyclone to hit the province in 22 years. Once inland, the storm rapidly weakened, and by late on July 20, had dissipated completely.
The storm's large size resulted in flooding, and high winds blew ash from erupting Mount Pinatubo across the Philippines. Around 7,000 people were forced to evacuate from their homes due to the threat of mudflows and approximately 500 homes were destroyed. One person in the country was killed. Thirty-three people were killed and two others went missing after two ships capsized offshore. In Taiwan, three fatalities were reported and roughly 460,000 customers lost power. In the Guandong province, 99 people were killed and 5,239 others were hurt. Roughly 400,000 homes were damaged or destroyed and more than 200,000 ha (494,210 acres) of farmland was flooded. Monetary damage in the province was estimated at ¥23.6 billion (US$4.42 billion). Across southern Fujian, at least 30 people were injured and 1,300 homes were demolished. Damage in Zhangzhou, the region of Fujian worst affected by Amy, was estimated at ¥2.4 billion (US$450 million). Throughout its six-day path, the typhoon was responsible for 136 lives and US$4.87 billion in damage.
Meteorological history
Typhoon Amy originated from an area of persistent convection that was first noted by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) on the morning of July 13, 1991. Increased convection, slight pressure falls within a 24-hour period at Yap, and the lack of vertical wind shear led to the issuance of a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert during the late morning hours of July 14 by the JTWC. Two hours later, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) upgraded the system into a tropical depression. Although the overall cloud organization remained poor, deep convection persisted and a second alert followed was issued at 10:00 UTC on July 15. The JTWC classified the system as a tropical depression eight hours later. At the time of the upgrade, the depression was located about north-northwest of Yap.
Despite the JTWC suggesting that significant deepening was unlikely, the depression steadily intensified as it tracked westward. The JTWC upgraded the depression into Tropical Storm Amy at 00:00 UTC on July 16, with the JMA following suit six hours later. That evening, the JMA reported that Amy had strengthened into a severe tropical storm. Meanwhile, Amy turned northwestward for about 18 hours on July 16 as a mid-tropsheric shortwave trough passed to its north that temporarily eroded a subtropical ridge to its north. Following the passing of the trough, strong subsidence allowed for the ridge to re-strengthen, resulting in a more westerly track by July 17. The JTWC upgraded Amy into a typhoon at 06:00 UTC on July 17; the JMA did the same at noon. At the time, the typhoon was located roughly east-southeast of Kaohsiung.
Amy began to intensify at a faster rate on July 17 as it traversed the Luzon Strait. At 00:00 UTC on July 18, the JTWC increased the intensity of Amy to , equivalent to a Category 3 hurricane on the United States-based Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale (SSHWS). Later that day, both the JTWC and JMA agreed that Amy attained its peak intensity, with the JTWC estimating winds of , equal to Category 4 status on the SSHWS, and the JMA estimating winds of . The typhoon also began to unexpectedly accelerate as it crossed the Bashi Channel. By the evening of July 18, upper-level outflow became more restricted, signifying a weakening trend. On July 19, Amy made landfall near Shantou; the JTWC and JMA estimated winds of and respectively at the time of landfall. Upon making landfall, the system dissipated rapidly over the mountains in southeastern China. The JTWC ceased tracking the system at 00:00 UTC on July 20, with the JMA following suit 18 hours later.
Impact
Due to the large size of the circulation of Amy, volcanic ash from erupting Mount Pinatubo in the Philippines was blown towards Manila, prompting the closure of Manila International Airport. Volcanic debris from Mount Pinatubo's slopes loosened by heavy rain destroyed approximately 500 houses throughout the country, including 300 in Floridablanca, 50 in Santa Rita, and 130 in Concepcion. About 7,000 people were forced to flee their homes in eight towns across the Pampanga and Tarlac provinces due to the threat of mudflows, including at least 1,200 in Tarlac. Seven people there were rescued from floodwaters near a river. Floodwaters from the Abacan River resulted in the destruction of three bridges. A 43-year-old man died when his jeep fell in an embankment on Mindoro Island. Offshore, a ship Emerald capsized, resulting in the rescue of 83 passengers and 21 crewmen in addition to two deaths and two others missing. In the Taiwan Strait, a Cypriot ship Blue River with 31 crew members on board vanished in high seas. None of the crew survived.
The outer fringes of the typhoon lashed Taiwan, resulting in high winds and triggering landslides that blocked roads. The Kaohsiung International Airport was closed due to the storm. Strong winds snapped power lines, leaving 460,000 households without electricity. A man was killed when his car rammed a truck in heavy rain while two fishermen caught in high waves were presumed to have drowned.
Typhoon Amy became the strongest typhoon to hit Guandong in 22 years. Heavy rains spread across eastern Guangdong, peaking at in Fengshun County, while also providing drought relief to the area. The typhoon also inflicted heavy damage across the province, with the hardest hit areas located near Shantou, where the storm made landfall. According to media reports, 99 people were killed and 5,239 others were injured. About 400,000 homes were damaged or destroyed, and over of farmland was flooded. A total of 214 bridges, 408 boats, of roads, and many irrigation facilities were damaged by the storm. Monetary damage was estimated at ¥23.6 billion (US$4.42 billion). The airports of Shantou and Xiamen were forced to close. Following the storm, insurance companies provided ¥100 million (US$18.7 million) in compensation. Across southern Fujian, at least 30 people were injured and 1,300 homes were demolished. More than 6.9 million trees, including 6.2 million banana trees, were damaged, while over of paddy fields and of sugar-cane were flooded. A fishing vessel sank. Losses in Zhangzhou, the region of Fujian worst affected by Amy, were estimated at ¥2.4 billion (US$450 million). Nationwide, the typhoon destroyed 38,000 homes. Typhoon Amy was the second typhoon to strike the country in a week, following Typhoon Zeke; later that month, Tropical Storm Brenda would also hit the country, resulting in further destruction across southeastern China.
In Hong Kong, a Hurricane No. 1 signal was issued on the afternoon of July 18 when Typhoon Amy was about to the east. Early the next day, it was raised to a No. 3 signal. The lowest sea-level pressure of was recorded at the Hong Kong Royal Observatory shortly before landfall in mainland China. Sha Tin recorded a peak rainfall storm total of , of which fell within a 24-hour period. Tai Mo Shan recorded a peak wind gust of . Scaffoldings at North Point collapsed due to strong winds, and a man in Sai Kung was injured after he was blown off a ladder. Two small crafts were damaged at Chai Wan and Stanley. Ferry service from Hong Kong to Shantou was cancelled.
See also
Typhoon Hal (1985)
Notes
References
Typhoons in China
Balloon is an historic community located in York County, South Carolina, United States. It was founded in 1889 and abandoned in 1903.
See also
Former populated places in York County, South Carolina
Sources
1998/South Carolina POs/Meher/pg 3
Balloon, South Carolina. Geographic Names Information System, U.S. Geological Survey.
Populated places in York County, South Carolina
Former populated places in South Carolina
Populated places established in 1889
Populated places disestablished in 1903
The Cambridgeshire Lodes are a series of man-made waterways, believed to be Roman in origin, located in the county of Cambridgeshire, England. Bottisham, Swaffham Bulbeck, Reach, Burwell, Wicken and Monks Lodes all connect to the River Cam, while Soham Lode connects to the River Great Ouse. All have been navigable historically, but some are no longer officially navigable.
Bottisham Lode was navigated throughout the 19th century, and although the flood gates at its mouth were replaced in 2001, it carries a "No unauthorised vessels" notice. Swaffham Bulbeck Lode has been rendered unnavigable by the removal of the lower lock gates, and the replacement of the upper lock gates with a guillotine gate which provides little headroom. Reach Lode is quite deep, as a result of the surrounding land sinking, and the banks being built up. The lower gate of the entrance lock has been replaced by a guillotine gate, enabling boats up to long to use it.
Burwell Lode is a tributary of Reach Lode, and is another deep lode. Barges were built and maintainted at Burwell until 1936, and it was used commercially until 1963, when carriage of sugar beet ceased. Wicken Lode is another tributary of Reach Lode, and was important for the carriage of peat and sedge. It runs through Wicken Fen, one of the oldest nature reserves in England, as the National Trust bought their first part of it in 1899. Soham Lode is more recent than most, probably dating from the 1790s. It ran by Soham Mere, a large inland lake which was drained in the late 18th century.
In 2007 a strategy plan considered options for the management of the lodes which included rebuilding most of them at a lower level, but concluded that maintaining the banks at the existing level was a better long-term solution.
History
Research by the Royal Commission on Historical Monuments published in 1972 confirmed the work of Major Gordon Fowler of the Fenland Research Committee that the Cambridgeshire lodes were of Roman origin; they were excavated to provide navigation to a series of villages to the east of the River Cam, and probably also drainage of the surrounding fenland. The infrastructure was completed by the Car Dyke, which linked Waterbeach on the River Cam to the River Witham near Lincoln, some away.
The term "Lode" denoted a watercourse in Late Middle English, being derived from the Old English "lād," meaning way or course. It did not acquire its modern meaning of a vein of metal ore until the early 17th century.
Bottisham Lode
Bottisham Lode links the village of Lode to the River Cam just below Bottisham lock, and is about long. It is almost straight, running between embankments, and included a staunch (a primitive lock with a single gate), of which the chamber survives. Its water supply comes from Quy Water, which flows through a mill just above the village before entering the lode near to the location of a basin and wharf. In medieval times, navigation along Quy Water was also possible, as there is evidence of moorings in the village of Quy. The Swaffham and Bottisham Drainage Commissioners were responsible for the lode from 1767, and were empowered to build staunches and collect tolls. The lode was never wide enough to take fen lighters, but smaller boats used it for most of the 19th century.
In 1875, the Drainage Commissioners spent £294 () on a flash lock, which had a flagstone floor, a chamber constructed of white bricks, a timber guillotine gate, and a mechanism for raising the gate made from cast-iron, supported by a timber frame. The chamber was wide, and the mechanism included a winding drum with winding wheel, and cogwheels with ratchets. The timber frame was demolished in 1968 but the chamber still survives, some upstream from the entrance gates.
Navigation on the lode ceased around 1900, and it is not currently navigable. The mill at Lode has been restored to working order by its owners, the National Trust. The timber-framed building dates from the late eighteenth century and has a low breastshot waterwheel. The mill machinery was replaced in 1868 by W Rawlings, and the external cladding dates from the 1934 and 1978 restoration. There is a pumping station and a set of mitred flood doors at the entrance to the lode, which were replaced in 2001, but a "No unauthorised vessels" notice was displayed on the gates in 2008.
Swaffham Bulbeck Lode
Swaffham Bulbeck Lode joins the River Cam about below Bottisham Lode. It runs for to the hamlet of Commercial End, which was called Newnham until the early 19th century. Commercial End consists of a row of fine buildings, mainly dating from the late 17th and 18th century. The Commissioners of the Bedford Level were responsible for the drain during this period, and they cleared the channel and straightened the banks on several occasions in response to complaints. Use of the lode declined rapidly once the railways arrived in the area, and only the first to Slade Farm are currently navigable, as shallow water and low bridges prevent access beyond this point. There is a lock at the junction with the River Cam which can accommodate boats up to , with a maximum draught of . However, the Environment Agency have modified the upstream lock gate, in order to improve flood control, with the result that the headroom below the guillotine gate is too low for boats to enter the lode. The lower gates have also been removed.
Reach Lode
Reach Lode joins the River Cam at Upware, a further below Swaffham Bulbeck Lode, and runs for to the village of Reach. From Reach, a defensive rampart and ditch, called Devil's Dyke, ran for a further in a straight line to Ditton Green. The ditch is around deep and the rampart some high. It was built in the Anglo-Saxon period, and is listed as a Scheduled Ancient Monument, while the chalk grasslands which it contains have resulted in it being a designated Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI).
The village of Reach has been a trading port since Roman times. From the 13th century, a fair was held there, and it was at this time that the last of the Devils Dyke were levelled. Wharfs and basins were developed, and coasters brought a wide variety of products to Reach and to the fair. The coasters stopped when Denver Sluice was built on the River Great Ouse, but smaller vessels continued to trade in agricultural produce, timber and a type of building material called clunch, which were exported through Kings Lynn, while incoming trade included building materials, stone, salts, wines and spirits. A lock was built at the start of the lode in 1821, as a result of the passing of the Eau Brink Act, while the South Level Commissioners took over responsibility for the waterway in 1827. Trade declined rapidly after railways reached the area in the 1850s, but some carriers continued to operate, with the last load of 525 tonnes of clunch being shipped in the early 1930s, and some peat being carried for a few years after that.
Upware Lock, at , used to restrict the size of boats that could use the lode, and boats longer than could not be turned at Reach. However, the mitre gates at the downstream end have been replaced by a guillotine gate, enabling boats up to to gain access, and turning at Reach with a boat is possible. The lode is quite deep, for the surrounding land has sunk as the peat soils have dried out, and raising of the banks has resulted in the water being up to deep in places. In 2007 the Environment Agency considered options for lowering the level of Reach Load and possibly some of the other lodes, as a way to reduce the maintenance of the banks. The report concluded that maintaining them at their present level was still the best solution, and a policy of strengthening the embankments was adopted as the way to limit the risk of major repairs being needed in the future.
The Reach annual fair, which received a charter from King John, has been moved to the May bank holiday from its original Rogation Week date, to ensure that every Mayor of Cambridge, who by tradition opens the fair, gets to open one fair during a term of office. The movable date of Rogation Week meant that some mayors opened two fairs, and some did not open any.
Burwell Lode
Burwell Lode runs from the village of Burwell and joins Reach Lode about from the River Cam. The present course of the Lode was cut in the mid seventeenth century, replacing the previous course, which was referred to as the Old Lode. At Burwell, two branches diverge in opposite directions, both of which had wharves. 'Anchor Straits' to the south was used by coasters and 'Weirs' to the north was used by lighters.
Burwell became more important than Reach when T. T. Ball opened the Burwell Chemical Works, which was built between 1864 and 1865. Fertilizer was produced from coprolites, ancient fossilised dung extracted from the newly drained fens, using a process which had been developed by a man who lived locally. The works became the Patent Manure Works in the 1890s, and following a partnership, was owned by Colchester and Ball, who ran a fleet of three steam tugs and a large number of lighters, which were carrying around 10,000 tons a year by the early 20th century, despite the fact that the works had been served by a railway siding since 1900. Richard Ball had opened a brickwork nearby, which was served by a channel which became known as Factory Lode.
Prentice Brothers Ltd, who had built barges at Burwell until 1920, and repaired and maintained them there until 1936, took over the Manure Works in 1921. In addition to the fertilizer, the barges carried coal, stone and sugar beet, and the yellow bricks produced by the Burwell Brick Company. The toll structure was complicated, as the South Level Commissioners were responsible for both Burwell Lode and Reach Lode, but tolls of 3 pence (1.2p) per ton were payable to the Burwell Fen Drainage Commissioners, and a further 3 pence per ton for use of the connecting stretch of Reach Lode had to be paid to the Swaffham and Bottisham Drainage Commissioners.
The fertilizer company Fisons took over the factory in 1929. Prentice's lighters were bought by A. V. Jackson in 1936, and Jacksons continued to carry fertilizer until 1948. Trade in sugarbeet continued until 1963. Production of fertilizer at the site ceased in 1962, and the brickworks, which made up to 10 million bricks a year, finally closed in 1971.
The waterway is comparatively wide, at , and the junction of the branches at Burwell provides a point at which long boats can be turned, but the modern lock at Upware restricts access to boats less than long. It is also quite deep, and the 2007 Strategy Study considered the option of reconstructing it at a lower level, but did not recommend this action.
Wicken Lode
Wicken Lode turns off Reach Lode, and crosses Wicken Sedge Fen, running for nearly to just short of the village of Wicken. There is a right of public navigation as far as its junction with Monk's Lode, and the stretch beyond that is only navigable by local inhabitants. The lode is not as wide or deep as the adjacent lodes, and can only be navigated by smaller craft. The waterway continues as Monk's Lode and then the New River, although these are not navigable. Peat from Burwell Fen was brought up Wicken Lode for much of the 19th century, for distribution to local farms, and the trade only stopped in the 1940s when peat cutting was restricted. Sedge from the fen was transported by boat from the sites where it was cut to a wharf near the head of the lode.
Wicken Fen is one of the oldest nature reserves in England, as the National Trust bought their first part of it in 1899. Purchases have continued, and the Trust now manages of wetland. It is not a true fen, as the area is higher than the surrounding land, but since 1956 the wetland has been maintained by a drainage windmill pump which was moved from its location at Adventurers Fen, to the south of the lode, and re-assembled to supply the Fen with water. The National Trust Warden's office includes a display which tells the history of the Fen and how it has been managed.
Soham Lode
Soham Lode runs for about from the River Great Ouse about below its junction with the River Cam. Its origin is less well known than the other lodes, but it probably dates from the 1790s, when it was built to reduce flooding in the Soham and Fordham area, by carrying water from the River Snail, which formerly flowed into the River Lark, to join the Great Ouse instead. Soham is about halfway along it, and was once close to a large inland lake called Soham Mere, which was drained in the late 18th century.
There is no evidence that the Lode was navigable beyond Soham. Lighters brought cargoes of corn to a water mill at Soham, and later brought coal when steam engines replaced the water wheel. Barley and timber were other important cargoes. Railways did not reach Soham until 1879, and resulted in the rapid demise of water-borne transport. Commercial traffic ceased about 1900, and the lode was described as un-navigable in a report by H. Dunn in 1906. There was a sluice at the entrance to the lode, with two sets of mitre gates, pointing in opposite directions, one to prevent flood waters from the Great Ouse entering the lode, and the other to raise the water level in the lode to make navigation easier. When the Anglian Water Authority was created by Act of Parliament in 1977, the lode was not listed as a navigation, and their successors, the Environment Agency, have taken this to mean that there is no right of navigation.
There is now a pumping station and a set of mitred flood doors at the start of the lode, and although it is not officially navigable, two narrowboats navigated part of it in 2001, and there is increasing evidence that boats can and do use it as far as it is possible.
Points of interest
Bibliography
References
See also
Canals of Great Britain
Canals in England
Transport in Cambridgeshire
Buildings and structures in Cambridgeshire
Tianranxiu néeGao (second half of 13th-century) was a Chinese actress (yueji) of the zaju theater. She was described as a great beauty and regarded as a national treasure in contemporary China, praised for her roles as heroine and as female members of the Imperial family, and counted Bai Pu and Li Gaizhi among her admirers.
References
Lily Xiao Hong Lee, Sue Wiles: Biographical Dictionary of Chinese Women, Volume II: Tang Through Ming 618 - 1644
13th-century Chinese people
13th-century Chinese women
13th-century Chinese actresses
Yuan dynasty actors
Bridges is the eighth studio album by Josh Groban, released by Reprise on September 21, 2018. It is Groban's first album since 2013's All That Echoes to include original music, and he co-wrote nine of the album's 12 tracks. The deluxe edition includes two bonus tracks.
Background
Speaking to Newsweek, Groban said that after performing on Broadway in The Great Comet from 2016 to 2017, "I didn't even want a break. I just dove into writing. There are some albums, like the last one, where I don't want to write at all, I just want to be a vocalist. Then there are some where you're pouring out idea after idea. I've had sad albums in the past and I wanted an album that had an uplifting spirit, for my psyche and also for the psyche of listeners. I think we all need that."
Commercial performance
Bridges debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 with 96,000 album-equivalent units, of which 94,000 were pure album sales, and was kept of the tip.of that chart by the fourth studio album by American hip-hop group Brockhampton, Iridescence. It is Groban's ninth US top 10 album. On another chart, it had more success when it debuted at number one on the US Top Album Sales chart dated October 6, 2018.
Track listing
Standard Version
Charts
References
2018 albums
Josh Groban albums
Reprise Records albums
Brigadier Dame Evelyn Marguerite Turner, (10 May 1910 – 24 September 1993), known as Margot Turner, was a British military nurse and nursing administrator. A prisoner of war during the Second World War, she resumed her career following liberation and served in a succession of foreign postings.
Nursing career
Turner served with Queen Alexandra's Imperial Military Nursing Service from 1937 to 1949 and Queen Alexandra's Royal Army Nursing Corps (QARANC) from 1949 to 1968. She served as Matron-in-Chief of QARANC and Director, Army Nursing Services (1964–68) and was Colonel-Commandant of QARANC from 1969 to 1974.
Prisoner of war
Turner's obituary in The Independent recounted her horrific experiences as a prisoner of war held by the Japanese.
The television series Tenko was created by Lavinia Warner after she had worked as a researcher for the edition of the television programme This Is Your Life which featured Turner, and was convinced of the dramatic potential of the stories of women prisoners of the Japanese.
Honours
Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE; 1946)
Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE; 1965)
Death
Turner died at St Dunstan's home for disabled ex-servicemen and women in Brighton, East Sussex on 24 September 1993, aged 83 with nurses and her carer Geoffrey Wilcock present.
External links
Disposition of Dame Evelyn Turner's will
Oxford Biography Index entry #101053383 (subscription required)
References
1910 births
1993 deaths
English nurses
British nursing administrators
British World War II prisoners of war
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
People from Finchley
Place of birth missing
World War II prisoners of war held by Japan
British women in World War II
Members of the Royal Red Cross
Maeda Nobuaki (前田 陳爾, 22 November 1907 – 3 July 1975) was a Japanese professional 9 dans go player, a disciple of Honinbo Shusai, and a member of the Nihon Ki-in, the main organizational body for go in Japan. His own disciples were Norio Kudo, Yusuke Oeda, Shioiri Itsuzo, Nagahara Yoshiaki, and Morikawa Masao.
Maeda reached the highest professional rank, 9 dans, in 1963, but never achieved the consistent record of tournament success that marks the truly elite player. Maeda is famous today principally for his series of tsume-go (problem) collections, which gained him the honorary nickname "god of tsume-go." It is said that he composed a problem a day for 40 years. Many of these problems are considered especially beautiful, ingenious, or instructive.
Maeda is also remembered for his presumed role in one of the most sensational and controversial games of the 20th century: the 1933 challenge game between his teacher, Honinbo Shusai, and the Chinese prodigy Go Seigen (Wu Qingyuan). It has long been believed that the exquisite move (W160) that allowed Shusai to overturn Go's lead in the game was actually discovered by Maeda in a study session during one of the game's many adjournments. Maeda at times hinted that this was the case, but in later years would neither confirm nor deny it when asked. It may be assumed that if Maeda was indeed the author of the move, he would decline to confirm it in order to honor the long-standing Japanese professional tradition of respect for one's teacher, thus preserving Shusai's reputation.
1907 births
1975 deaths
Japanese Go players
Go (game) writers
Batrachedra orinarcha is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in India.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Tattyreagh (from meaning "the striped/tabby field") is a small townland near Seskinore in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, and is situated within Omagh District Council area.
Over the past 5 years, rapid growth has emerged in this small rural community with new private housing. It consists of mainly residential houses and farms, one RC school- Sacred Heart PS, Tattyreagh St. Patrick's Gaelic Athletic Association club, Darcy Park, and a public house. Cutting through the area is one main road leading from Omagh to Fintona.
References
Townlands of County Tyrone
Omagh District Council
Sarykol (, ) is a district of Kostanay Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the urban-type settlement of Sarykol. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kostanay Region
Brush Prairie, also known as Brushy Creek, is a community founded in 1900 in Trinity County, Texas on FM 1280 11 miles from Groveton, near Zion Hill.
References
Unincorporated communities in Trinity County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
1900 establishments in Texas
Percy William Dodd (1889 – 20 May 1931) was a British classicist who taught at the Universities of Leeds and Oxford.
He was born in 1889. He was the third son of Charles Dodd, of Wrexham, and was educated at Grove Park School, Wrexham before matriculating at Jesus College, Oxford as an Open Classical Scholar in 1907. He obtained a second-class degree in Literae Humaniores in 1911 and became a lecturer in classics at the University of Leeds. During World War I, Dodd was a captain in the West Yorkshire Regiment and served in France. His war service, however, affected his health and he suffered from frequent bouts of illness thereafter.
Dodd was elected as Fellow and assistant tutor in philosophy at Jesus College in 1919, becoming senior tutor in 1926. He was described by the Scottish classical scholar Alexander Souter as an "enthusiastic investigator" of Roman Britain, whose published report of excavations in Yorkshire were "a model of their kind". He died on 20 May 1931. He left a substantial sum to the college in his will, which is used to support non-academic travel by college undergraduates.
References
1889 births
1931 deaths
People from Wrexham
British classical scholars
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
Academics of the University of Leeds
British Army personnel of World War I
West Yorkshire Regiment officers
Fellows of Jesus College, Oxford
Classical scholars of the University of Leeds
Classical scholars of the University of Oxford
Fidelis oga Orgah (born 1953 in Adim Akpa) was a Nigerian prelate of the Catholic Church who served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Otukpo. He was appointed bishop in 1995. He died in 2000.
References
1953 births
2000 deaths
Nigerian Roman Catholic bishops
Historical fantasy is a category of fantasy and genre of historical fiction that incorporates fantastic elements (such as magic) into a more "realistic" narrative. There is much crossover with other subgenres of fantasy; those classed as Arthurian, Celtic, or Dark Ages could just as easily be placed in historical fantasy. Stories fitting this classification generally take place prior to the 20th century.
Films of this genre may have plots set in biblical times or classical antiquity. They often have plots based very loosely on mythology or legends of Greek-Roman history, or the surrounding cultures of the same era.
Overview
Historical fantasy usually takes one of four common approaches:
Magic, mythical creatures such as dragons or other supernatural elements, such as magic rings co-exist invisibly with the mundane world, with the majority of people being unaware of it. In this, it has a close similarity to contemporary fantasy. This commonly overlaps with the secret history trope. Alternatively, the author's narrative shows or implies that by the present day, magic will have "retreated" from the world or been hidden to all but a few initiates so as to allow history to revert to the familiar version we know. An example of this can be found in Lord Dunsany's The Charwoman's Shadow, which takes place in Spain, but which ends with the magician in it removing himself, and all creatures of romance, from the world, thereby ending the Golden Age.
It also can include an alternative history where the past or present has been significantly changed when an actual historical event turned out differently.
The story takes place in a secondary world with specific and recognizable parallels to a known place (or places) and a definite historical period, rather than taking the geographic and historical "mix and match" favoured by other works of secondary world fantasy. However, many, if not most, works by fantasy authors derive ideas and inspiration from real events, making the borders of this approach unclear.
Historical fantasy may also be set in a fictional world which resembles a period from history but is not that actual history.
All four approaches have overlapped in the subgenre of steampunk commonly associated with science fiction literature. However, not all steampunk fantasy belongs to the historical fantasy subgenre.
Subgenres
Arabian fantasy
After Antoine Galland's translation of One Thousand and One Nights became popular in Europe, many writers wrote fantasy based on Galland's romantic image of the Middle East and North Africa. Early examples included the satirical tales of Anthony Hamilton, and Zadig by Voltaire. English-language work in the Arabian fantasy genre includes Rasselas (1759) by Samuel Johnson, The Tales of the Genii by James Ridley (1764), Vathek by William Thomas Beckford (1786), George Meredith's The Shaving of Shagpat (1856), Khaled (1891) by F. Marion Crawford, and James Elroy Flecker's Hassan (1922).
In the late 1970s, interest in the subgenre revived with Hasan (1977) by Piers Anthony. This was followed by several other novels reworking Arabian legend: the metafictional The Arabian Nightmare (1983) by Robert Irwin, Diana Wynne Jones' children's novel Castle in the Air (1990), Tom Holt's humorous Djinn Rummy (1995) and Hilari Bell's Fall of a Kingdom.
Celtic fantasy
Celtic fantasy has links to historical fantasy and Celtic historical fiction. Celtic historical fantasy includes such works as Katharine Kerr's Deverry series, or Teresa Edgerton's Green Lion trilogy. These works are (loosely) based on ancient Celtic cultures. The separate folklore of Ireland, Wales, and Scotland has sometimes been used indiscriminately, sometimes with great effect, as in Paul Hazel's Finnbranch trilogy, Yearwood (1980), Undersea, (1982) and Winterking (1985); other writers have distinguished to use a single source.
Notable works inspired by Irish mythology included James Stephens' The Crock of Gold (1912), Lord Dunsany's The Curse of the Wise Woman (1933), Flann O'Brien's humorous At Swim-Two-Birds (1939), Pat O'Shea's The Hounds of the Morrigan (1985) and novels by Peter Tremayne, Morgan Llywelyn and Gregory Frost.
The Welsh tradition has been particularly influential, which has its connection to King Arthur and its collection in a single work, the epic Mabinogion. One influential retelling of this was the fantasy work of Evangeline Walton: The Island of the Mighty, The Children of Llyr, The Song of Rhiannon, and Prince of Annwn. A notable amount of fiction has been written in the Welsh area of Celtic fantasy; other notable authors of Welsh Celtic fantasy include Kenneth Morris, John Cowper Powys, Vaughan Wilkins, Lloyd Alexander, Alan Garner, and Jenny Nimmo.
Scottish Celtic fantasy is less common, but James Hogg, John Francis Campbell (The Celtic Dragon Myth, 1911), Fiona MacLeod, William Sharp, George Mackay Brown and Deborah Turner Harris all wrote material based on Scottish myths and legends.
Fantasy based on the Breton folklore branch of Celtic mythology does not often appear in the English language. However, several noted writers have utilized such material; Robert W. Chambers' The Demoiselle d'Ys (from The King in Yellow, 1895) and A. Merritt in Creep, Shadow! (1934) both drew on the Breton legend of the lost city of Ys, while "The Lay of Aotrou and Itroun" (1930) by J. R. R. Tolkien is a narrative poem based on the Breton legend of the Corrigan.
Classical fantasy
Classical fantasy is a subgenre fantasy based on the Greek and Roman myths. Symbolism from classical mythology is enormously influential on Western culture, but it was not until the 19th century that it was used in the context of literary fantasy. Richard Garnett (The Twilight of the Gods and Other Tales, 1888, revised 1903) and John Kendrick Bangs (Olympian Nights, 1902) used the Greek myths for satirical purposes.
20th-century writers who made extensive use of the subgenre included John Erksine, who continued the satirical tradition of classical fantasy in such works as The Private Life of Helen of Troy (1925) and Venus, the Lonely Goddess (1949). Eden Phillpotts used Greek myths to make philosophical points in such fantasies as Pan and the Twins (1922) and Circe's Island (1925). Jack Williamson's The Reign of Wizardry (Unknown Worlds, 1940) is an adventure story based on the legend of Theseus. Several of Thomas Burnett Swann's novels draw on Greek and Roman myth, including Day of the Minotaur (1966). The Firebrand (1986) by Marion Zimmer Bradley and Olympic Games (2004) by Leslie What are both classical fantasy tales with feminist undertones. Guy Gavriel Kay who has made a career out of historical fantasy, set his two novels in The Sarantine Mosaic series in a parallel world heavily mirroring Justinian I's Byzantium.
Fantasy of manners
Fantasy of manners, aka "mannerpunk," is a subgenre that takes place within a strict, elaborate, and hierarchical social structure. Inspired by the social novels and the comedy of manners of such authors as Jane Austen and Oscar Wilde, fantasy of manners involves class struggles among genteel characters in urban environments, and while duels are permitted, witty repartee often substitutes for physical conflict. Examples of fantasy of manners include Swordspoint by Ellen Kushner and Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell by Susanna Clarke.
Fantasy steampunk
Fantasy steampunk is another subgenre of historical fantasy, generally set in the Victorian or Edwardian eras. Steam technology, mixed with Victorian or Gothic-style architecture and technology, is the most widely recognized interpretation of this genre. One of the most popular characteristics of steampunk is the appearance of naked clockwork, rusty gears, and engines. Some works in this genre are alternate history.
Gaslamp fantasy
Gaslamp fantasy is a subgenre to both steampunk and historical fantasy that takes place in an alternative universe based on Victorian or Edwardian eras. However, magic plays a more important role than the era's mechanical technology.
Gunpowder fantasy
Similar to steampunk, gunpowder fantasy is considered a step below its more popular cousin. Gunpowder fantasy combines elements of epic fantasy (magic, mythical creatures, elves, epic scale) with rifles and railroads. It is a relatively new subgenre, but has been picking up popularity. It varies from steampunk in that it stays away from the fantastic inventions (airships, machines, etc.) that are common in steampunk. It is also sometimes called "muskets and magic". Gunpowder fantasy is generally set in a world with roughly equivalent technology to the world in the 17th through 19th centuries, particularly the latter eras. Typically, gunpowder fantasy also includes elements of real-world technology such as steam power, telegraphy and in some cases early telephones or combustion engines.
Gunpowder fantasy examples include Monster Blood Tattoo Series by D. M. Cornish (2006–2010), Fullmetal Alchemist by Hiromu Arakawa (2001–2010), Terrarch Tetralogy by William King (2011–), and The Powder Mage trilogy, Brian McClellan (2013–2015).
Medieval fantasy
Medieval fantasy encompasses works where aspects of medieval history such as legends from the Middle Ages, and aesthetics such as medievalisms, overlap with fantasy. According to the Getty Museum, it is contrasted from folklore which is set in a "familiar world with stock characters and plots". Subgenres of fantasy such as Gothic fiction, sword and sorcery, fairy tales, high fantasy, and low fantasy, can also overlap with medieval fantasy.
The broad genre of medieval fantasy is common among role-playing games and high fantasy literature. Notable examples of medieval fantasy games the Getty Museum has listed include the Legend of Zelda series (1986-) and Dungeons & Dragons (1974). Examples of literature listed include the Lord of the Rings trilogy (1954-1955) and A Song of Fire and Ice (1996-).
Prehistoric fantasy
Stories set in prehistoric times and depicting the lives of prehistoric people. Prehistoric fantasy examples include the Earth's Children series by Jean M. Auel (1980-2011) and the Chronicles of Ancient Darkness by Michelle Paver.
Wuxia
Wǔxiá, literally meaning "martial (arts) heroes", is a subgenre of the quasi-fantasy and martial arts genre in literature, television and cinema. Wǔxiá figures prominently in the popular culture of Chinese-speaking areas, and the most important writers have devoted followings.
The wǔxiá genre is a blend of the philosophy of xiá (俠, "honor code", "an ethical person", "a hero"), and China's long history in wǔshù ("kung fu" or "martial arts"). A martial artist who follows the code of xiá is called a swordsman, or xiákè (俠客/侠客, literally "chivalrous guest"). Japan's samurai bushidō traditions, England's knight chivalry traditions, and America's gunslinger Western traditions all share some aspects with China's swordsman xiá traditions. The swordsman, however, need not serve a lord or hold any military power and they are not required to be from an aristocratic class.
See also
Alternate history
Secret history
References
Fantasy genres
Historical fantasy
Historical fiction
Fantasy
pl:Powieść historyczno-fantastyczna
In 20th century studies of oral poetry and traditional literature, the Heroic Age was postulated as a stage in the development of human societies likely to give rise to legends about heroic deeds. According to some theorists, oral epic poetry would be created at the same period, and would be transmitted, by singers who displayed less creativity, through later periods. Scholars who adopted the theory of a Heroic Age include:
Maurice Bowra
Hector Munro Chadwick and Nora Kershaw Chadwick
A widely shared view was that each society would pass through a Heroic Age only once. This apparently explains why, in the Chadwicks' world survey of oral and traditional poetry, The Growth of Literature, medieval European epics such as the French Chansons de geste and the Spanish Cantar de Mio Cid are omitted: those societies are taken to have passed through a Heroic Age earlier.
Bryan Hainsworth has suggested that in the various so-called Heroic Ages named by modern scholars "what is described is a by-product ... of the tendency of heroic poetry to congeal into cycles, often ... around a signal event" (1993, p. 40).
Historicity of the Ages
Oral tales have been formed into classic literature centuries later, so that the historicity of the events is left to uncertainty. The Greek Heroic Age as described in the Iliad is dated to historic events in 1460 to 1103 BC according to the chronology of Saint Jerome.
The Germanic Heroic Age as reflected in the Nibelungen can be dated to the 5th century picking up scenes from the foundation of Germanic kingdoms in Western Europe near the end of the first phase of the Völkerwanderung. The literature characters may refer to the historic Brunhilda (543–613) and Gundobad (480–516).
The Tamils of South India have an extensive literature describing their Heroic Age (the Sangam period). The Sangam poems share common themes with their Greek and German counterparts, such as glory, victory, fate and honour. The Sangam age is dated to between the 3rd century B.C.E and 2nd century C.E. However, the events described have been transmitted orally from an earlier period. This is evidenced by the oral nature of the poems which (like the Iliad and Odyssey) use epithets and other metrical devices common in oral poetry.
Bibliography
C. M. Bowra, Heroic poetry. London: Macmillan, 1952.
H. M. Chadwick, The Heroic Age. London, 1912.
H. Munro Chadwick, N. Kershaw Chadwick, The growth of literature. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1932-40.
J. B. Hainsworth, The Iliad: a commentary. Vol. 3: books 9-12. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1993.
Terms in literary theory
The Heureux was a Centaure class 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy.
She cruised in the Mediterranean in 1794 and 1795.
Under Captain Jean-Pierre Etienne, she took part in the Expedition to Egypt, and in the Battle of the Nile. The first ship to spot the British fleet on 1 August, Heureux fought the next day and was forced to strike her colours. Too badly damaged for repairs, she was burnt.
References
Demerliac, Cmdt. Alain, Nomenclature des navires français de 1774 a 1792. Editions ANCRE, Nice.
Winfield, Rif and Roberts, Stephen (2015) French Warships in the Age of Sail 1786-1861: Design, Construction, Careers and Fates. Seaforth Publishing. .
Ships of the line of the French Navy
Centaure-class ships of the line
1782 ships
Ships built in France
Maritime incidents in 1798
Ship fires
Scuttled vessels
Shipwrecks of Egypt
Shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
Giraudia may refer to:
Giraudia (wasp), a genus of ichneumon wasps in the family Ichneumonidae
Giraudia (alga), a genus of brown algae
Giraudia Bourguignat, 1885 – a synonym of Bridouxia, a genus of freshwater snails in the family Paludomidae
Giraudia Goux, 1989 – name replaced by Gouxia Goçak & Kemal, 2009, a genus of a mealybug in the family Pseudococcidae
A release print is a copy of a film that is provided to a movie theater for exhibition.
Definitions
Release prints are not to be confused with other types of prints used in the photochemical post-production process:
Rush prints, or dailies, are one-light, contact-printed copies made from an unedited roll of original camera negative immediately after processing and screened to the cast and crew in order to ensure that the takes can be used in the final film.
Workprints, sometimes called cutting copies, are, like rush prints, copies of a camera negative roll, or from selected takes. A workprint may be roughly corrected for brightness and color balance. The prints are used for editing before the negative itself is conformed, or cut to match the edited workprint.
An answer print is made either from the cut camera negative or an interpositive, depending on the production workflow, in order to verify that the grading ("timing" in American English) conforms to specifications, so that final adjustments can be made before the main batch of release prints is made.
A showprint is a very high quality projection print made for screening at special events such as gala premieres. They were most important in the era from 1968 to 1997, after film laboratories began to switch from earlier processes like dye transfer (e.g., Technicolor) and contact positive to color reversal intermediate (CRI) internegatives to make release prints. The CRI process is faster, but to accommodate such speed, the resulting release prints were usually exposed at a "one lite " setting. This, along with other measures to cut costs in duplicating films at high speed, led to a noticeable decline in the quality of release prints during the 1970s and 1980s. In contrast, a showprint is usually printed directly from the composited camera negative, with each shot individually timed as a duplicate intermediate element would normally be, onto a higher quality of print stock than is usual for mass-production release prints (e.g., Eastman 2393 for showprints, and the standard 2383 for mass-production release prints). As a showprint is at least two generations closer to the composited camera negative than a typical release print, the definition and saturation in the projected image is significantly higher. During the era when CRI was prevalent, film critics were often reviewing showprints with greatly different exposure than what the general public would see. Showprints are colloquially referred to as "EKs" (for Eastman Kodak), since "Showprint" is a tradename of DeLuxe, although it is not a registered trademark.
Workflow
Photochemical
In the traditional photochemical post-production workflow, release prints are usually copies, made using a high-speed continuous contact printer, of an internegative (sometimes referred to as a 'dupe negative'), which in turn is a copy of an interpositive (these were sometimes referred to as 'lavender prints' in the past, due to the slightly colored base of the otherwise black-and-white print), which in turn is a copy, optically printed to incorporate special effects, fades, etc., from the cut camera negative. In short, a typical release print is three generations removed from the cut camera negative.
Digital intermediate
The post-production of many feature films is now carried out using a digital intermediate workflow, in which the uncut camera negative is scanned, editing and other post-production functions are carried out using computers, and an internegative is burnt out to film, from which the release prints are struck in the normal way. This procedure eliminates at least one generation of analogue duplication and usually results in a significantly higher quality of release prints. It has the further advantage that a Digital Cinema Package can be produced as the final output in addition to or instead of film prints, meaning that a single post-production workflow can produce all the required distribution media.
Release print stocks
As of March 2015, Eastman Kodak is the only remaining manufacturer of colour release print stock in the world. Along with Kodak, ORWO of Germany also sells black-and-white print stock. Other manufacturers, principally DuPont of the United States, Fujifilm of Japan (the penultimate company to discontinue colour print stock), Agfa-Gevaert of Germany, Ilford of the United Kingdom and Tasma of the Soviet Union competed with Kodak in the print stock market throughout most of the twentieth century.
The person operating the printer on which the release print is struck must take several factors into consideration in order to achieve accurate color. These include the stock manufacturer, the color temperature of the bulbs in the printer, and the various color filters which may have been introduced during initial filming or subsequent generation of duplicates.
Theatrical projection
At the theater, release prints are projected through an aperture plate, placed between the film and the projector's light source. The aperture plate in combination with a prime lens of the appropriate focal distance determines which areas of the frame are magnified and projected and which are masked out, according to the aspect ratio in which the film is intended to be projected. Sometimes a hard matte is used in printing to ensure that only the area of the frame shot in the camera that is intended to be projected is actually present on the release print. Some theaters have also used aperture plates that mask away part of the frame area that is supposed to be projected, usually where the screen is too small to accommodate a wider ratio and does not have a masking system in front of the screen itself. The audience may be confused when significant action appears on the masked-off edges of the picture. Director Brad Bird expressed frustration at this practice, which some theaters applied to his film The Incredibles.
Production and disposal
Release prints are generally expensive. For example, in the United States, as of 2005, it typically cost at least US$1,000 to manufacture a release print, and that number did not include the additional cost of shipping the bulky release print to a movie theater for public exhibition. The cost of a release print is determined primarily by its length, the type of print stock used and the number of prints being struck in a given run. Laser subtitling release prints of foreign language films adds significantly to the cost per print. Due to the fear of piracy, distributors try to ensure that prints are returned and destroyed after the movie's theatrical run is complete. However, small numbers of release prints do end up in the hands of private collectors, usually entering this market via projectionists, who simply retain their prints at the end of the run and do not return them. A significant number of films have been preserved this way, via prints eventually being donated to film archives and preservation masters printed from them. The polyester film base is often recycled.
EKs (showprints) are even more expensive as they are almost completely made by hand and to much higher quality standards. Perhaps only five EKs will be made of a widely distributed feature, compared to thousands of standard prints. They are intended primarily for first-run and Academy-consideration theatrical runs in Los Angeles and New York City. This accounts for two of the typically five produced. Two EKs are usually reserved for the film's producer. The remaining EK is usually archived by the film's distributor.
Conventional release prints, which are made from timed internegatives, usually contain black motor and changeover cue marks as the printing internegatives are "punched" and "inked" for this specific purpose. Showprints, being made from the composited camera negatives, which are never "punched" or "inked", have white motor and changeover cue marks as these marks are punched (or scribed) directly on the prints by hand, in the lab.
Gallery
References
External links
SFIFF: Brad Bird's State of Cinema Address
Film and video terminology
Julie Chávez Rodriguez (born 1979) is an American political rights activist and the director of the White House Office of Intergovernmental Affairs. She grew up in California in a well-known family of American labor and civil rights activists, the granddaughter of American labor leader, César Chávez and American labor activist Helen Fabela Chávez. From 2008 to 2016, Rodriguez served in the Obama administration, initially working for the United States Secretary of the Interior and later in the White House Office of Public Engagement.
She was appointed state director for Senator Kamala Harris in 2016. She later served on the Kamala Harris 2020 presidential campaign from 2017 to 2019. In 2020, Rodriguez was hired by the Joe Biden 2020 presidential campaign as senior advisor for Latino outreach. Rodriguez was appointed to be the director of the White House Office of Intergovernmental Affairs by President Joe Biden, and took office on January 20, 2021.
On June 15, 2022 ahead of the 2022 midterm elections President Biden promoted her to be a senior advisor to the president, a senior staff position. She will continue to serve as director of the White House Office of Intergovernmental Affairs.
Early life and education
Rodriguez was born in Delano, California. She was raised in Tehachapi in a family of well-known labor activists affiliated with the United Farm Workers of America organization. She is the daughter of Linda Chávez Rodriguez and Arturo Rodriguez, and the granddaughter of American labor activist, Helen Fabela Chávez, and American labor leader, César Chávez. Her parents were full time volunteers for the UFWA. Rodriguez would often attend labor rallies with her parents and grandparents and assist them in UFWA community outreach activities. Rodriguez attended Tehachapi High School, and later attended the University of California, Berkeley, where earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Latin American Studies.
During her summer breaks, Rodriguez worked at the AFL–CIO. She also spent summers volunteering with the UFWA, organizing strawberry pickers in Watsonville, California.
Career
From 2001 to 2008, Rodriguez worked as a program director at the Cesar Chavez Foundation. She worked as a full-time volunteer for the 2008 presidential campaign of Barack Obama in Colorado. In 2009, Rodriguez was hired by the Obama administration, initially working as Director of Youth Employment and later than Deputy Press Secretary to former United States Secretary of the Interior, Ken Salazar. From 2011 to 2017, Rodriguez served at the White House Office of Public Engagement as deputy director of public engagement and later served as Special Assistant to President Obama. Her work as deputy director initially involved immigration and Latino outreach, and evolved over time into the management of the White House's outreach program to Latino, LGBT, veteran, Asian American and Pacific Islander, Muslim, youth, education and progressive communities.
On December 11, 2016, Rodríguez was appointed by California Senator Kamala Harris to serve as her state director. In 2017, Rodriguez was hired by the Kamala Harris 2020 presidential campaign and served on the campaign until Harris withdrew her candidacy in late-2019. Rodriguez initially served as co-national political director and later took on the role of the campaign's traveling chief of staff. In 2020, Rodriquez was hired by the Joe Biden 2020 presidential campaign as senior advisor to oversee Latino outreach. She is the highest-ranking Latina working for the campaign.
Rodriguez was appointed to be the director of the White House Office of Intergovernmental Affairs by President Joe Biden, and took office on January 20, 2021.
See also
Cesar Chavez
Sí se puede
References
External links
1979 births
Activists for Hispanic and Latino American civil rights
AFL–CIO people
American trade unionists of Mexican descent
American women activists
American women trade unionists
American politicians of Mexican descent
Biden administration personnel
California Democrats
Cesar Chavez
Living people
Obama administration personnel
People from Kern County, California
Trade unionists from California
United Farm Workers people
United States Department of the Interior officials
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Dave Andrew Stieb (; born July 22, 1957) is a former Major League Baseball right-handed starting pitcher for the Toronto Blue Jays. A seven-time All-Star, he also won The Sporting News Pitcher of the Year Award in 1982. Stieb won 140 games in the 1980s, the second-highest total by a pitcher in that decade, behind only Jack Morris.
Playing career
Born in Santa Ana, California, Stieb played varsity baseball at Southern Illinois University as an outfielder. Scouted by Bobby Mattick and Al LaMacchia of the Blue Jays as an outfield prospect in a varsity game, Stieb's performance failed to impress until he was pressed into service as a relief pitcher. His pitching surprised and convinced the Blue Jays to draft him.
He played for the Blue Jays from 1979 to 1992 and again in 1998. On September 2, 1990, he pitched the first (and, to date, only) no-hitter in Blue Jays history, defeating the Cleveland Indians 3–0. Previously, on September 24 and 30, 1988, Stieb had no-hitters broken up with two outs and two strikes in the top of the ninth inning in two consecutive starts. He also took a no-hitter into the ninth inning in a 1985 game; this bid was broken up by back-to-back home runs and Stieb being replaced in the game before he recorded an out in the ninth. On August 4, 1989, he had a perfect game broken up with two outs in the ninth. It was the third time in two seasons that Stieb had lost a no-hitter with two out in the ninth inning. After an excellent 1990 season, a series of shoulder and back injuries early in the 1991 season ended his effective pitching years, culminating in a 4–6 season in 1992 that resulted in his release after the season ended. He was awarded a World Series ring after the Blue Jays won their first championship later that year, despite not pitching in the postseason due to injuries. In 1993, he played four games with the Chicago White Sox, before finally retiring due to lingering back problems. In 1998, after a five-year hiatus from baseball, Stieb returned to the Blue Jays and pitched in 19 games (three starts), going 1–2 with a 4.83 ERA.
In 1985, Stieb signed with the Blue Jays what was then one of the richest contracts in baseball. The contract, including options exercisable by the team, was for a term of eleven years and specified a salary that increased to $1.9 million in 1993, $2 million in 1994, and $2.1 million in 1995. While this was seen to be generous at the time the contract was signed, by the time the later years of the contract came around this was a bargain, considering that several players were receiving several times the amount per year. The Blue Jays voluntarily renegotiated the last three years of his contract to pay him a higher amount in recognition of his years of service.
During his career, Stieb won 176 games while losing 137. Only Jack Morris won more games in the 1980s. Stieb holds career records for Toronto pitchers in wins, games started, shutouts, strikeouts, complete games and a variety of other categories. Stieb appeared in seven All-Star games, also a Blue Jays team record.
On August 29, 2010, Stieb threw the ceremonial first pitch at the Rogers Centre, celebrating the 20th anniversary of his no-hitter game, with the anniversary coming four days after the celebration. Stieb's number 37 was engraved on the pitcher's mound for the game and 10,000 bobbleheads of Stieb were handed out to fans upon entrance.
Strengths and weaknesses
Stieb entered the league primarily as a power pitcher, relying on a high, inside fastball to strike batters out. The brushback pitch was an integral part of his repertoire to back batters off the plate, and was especially tough on right-handed hitters in this respect. As a result, he was the leader in hit batsmen in the American League in 1981, 1983, 1984, 1986, and 1989, and he was in the top three in 1985, 1988, and 1990. But arguably his best pitch was his slider that had a late and very sharp break, especially difficult for right-handed batters to handle.
Later on in his career he developed his breaking ball repertoire, and he became very effective with a "dead fish" curveball that would break into the dirt as the batter swung.
Stieb had a high-strung personality and was known as a fierce competitor on the mound; he was regularly seen having animated conversations with himself during pitches when in difficult situations. Whereas with other pitchers this would be seen as a sign of weakness, with Stieb it was perceived as the best way to motivate himself to get out of a jam. Early in his career, Stieb would also frequently yell at his teammates after errors, for plays that he thought they should have made. In later years, Stieb mellowed somewhat, although a fierce glare after a botched play was still not uncommon.
Personal
He was inducted into the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame, located in St. Marys, Ontario, with the Class of 2005.
Stieb currently resides in Reno, Nevada, where he works as a building contractor. After his career in baseball, he has taken up the electric guitar.
Stieb's older brother, Steve, was a catcher and pitcher in the Atlanta Braves minor league system from 1979 to 1981.
Books and other media
Stieb's autobiography, Tomorrow I'll Be Perfect, was co-written with Kevin Boland and released in 1986.
Stieb is the subject of the 2022 four-part miniseries Captain Ahab: The Story of Dave Stieb, by Secret Base's Jon Bois and Alex Rubenstein; in addition to discussing his career, it advocates for his induction into the National Baseball Hall of Fame based on his accomplishments.
Awards and accomplishments
7-time MLB All-Star
World Series champion ()
AL ERA leader (1985)
Pitched a no-hitter on September 2, 1990
1982 Sporting News Pitcher of the Year Award
Toronto Blue Jays Level of Excellence
Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame
Ontario Sports Hall of Fame
See also
List of Major League Baseball annual ERA leaders
List of Major League Baseball career hit batsmen leaders
List of Major League Baseball no-hitters
References
External links
Boxscore from Stieb's no-hitter at Retrosheet
1957 births
Living people
Baseball players from San Jose, California
American League All-Stars
Chicago White Sox players
Toronto Blue Jays players
Major League Baseball pitchers
American League ERA champions
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Southern Illinois Salukis baseball players
Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame inductees
Dunedin Blue Jays players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Sarasota White Sox players
Nashville Sounds players
Omaha Royals players
Syracuse SkyChiefs players
San Jose City Jaguars baseball players
Peninsula Oilers players
The men's 800 metres event at the 2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on March 9–11.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 2 of each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals
First 3 of each semifinal (Q) qualified directly for the final.
Final
References
Results
800
800 metres at the World Athletics Indoor Championships
Shiregi (, , , ) was a Mongol prince from the Borjigin clan, great-grandson of Genghis Khan.
Biography
Shiregi was born to Möngke Khan and his concubine Bayavchin from Bayaut tribe at unknown time. Initially a supporter of Ariq Böke, he defected to Kublai Khan, for which he was created King of Heping (河平王) in 1267. As soon as Kaidu-Kublai war started he was sent against Kaidu. He arrived together with Nomoghan (son of Kublai), Kököchu (son of Kublai) and Antong (grandson of Muqali) in 1275, Almaliq. However, soon in Autumn 1276 Shiregi was incited by Togh-Temür, another grandson of Tolui to rise against Kublai and claim the empire. Shiregi defeated the princes, sent Nomoghan and Antong to Mengu-Timur of Golden Horde and Kaidu. However, Kaidu refused to join Shiregi in his bid to throne, so they went to Upper Yenisei region to use it as a base to capture Karakorum later. Shiregi actually managed to capture Karakorum in 1277 briefly but was defeated by Bayan of the Baarin. Shiregi later betrayed Togh-Temür after his defeat by Kublai in 1279 and killed him. He was soon captured by Sarban, his nephew who delivered him to Kublai in 1282. Khagan exiled him to "an island with very unhealthy climate" where Shiregi died. His title was given to Sarban while his sons defected to Kaidu. Shiregi had three sons - Ulus Buqa, Töre Temür and Tümen Temür.
References
13th-century Mongolian people
Borjigin
Yuan dynasty generals
Yuan dynasty people
Sons of emperors
The Sri Lanka cricket team toured Australia in January and February 2019 to play two Test matches for the Warne–Muralitharan Trophy. The first Test, in Brisbane, was a day/night match. They also played a three-day warm-up match ahead of the Test series. In April 2018, Cricket Australia confirmed that the Manuka Oval would host its first ever Test match. Australia won the series 2–0, with Tim Paine winning his first Test series as captain of Australia.
Squads
Before the start of the series, Josh Hazlewood was ruled out of Australia's squad due to a back injury and was replaced by Jhye Richardson. Ahead of the first Test, Kurtis Patterson was added to Australia's squad. Pat Cummins and Travis Head were named the joint vice-captains of the Australian Test squad. Ahead of the second Test, Marcus Stoinis was added to Australia's squad, replacing Matt Renshaw.
Nuwan Pradeep was ruled out of Sri Lanka's squad before the Test series after suffering a hamstring injury during the warm-up match. Vishwa Fernando was named as his replacement in the team. Dushmantha Chameera and Lahiru Kumara were both ruled out of Sri Lanka's squad for the second Test due to injury. Chamika Karunaratne was added to Sri Lanka's squad as a replacement for Kumara.
Tour match
Three-day match: Cricket Australia XI vs Sri Lanka
Test series
1st Test
2nd Test
Notes
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2019 in Australian cricket
2019 in Sri Lankan cricket
International cricket competitions in 2018–19
Sri Lankan cricket tours of Australia
2018–19 Australian cricket season
Lucas Bond (born 14 December 2005) is a British actor. He is best known for his roles in Slumber (2017) and Summerland (2020).
Education
Bond is a pupil at Beechen Cliff School, a state day and boarding school for boys in Bath, in South West England.
Career
Lucas Bond made his acting debut in 2015, appearing in the horror movie Lady of Csejte. He plays Gerry in the 2015 British fantasy film Molly Moon and the Incredible Book of Hypnotism. In 2016 he appeared in two episodes of the American television drama series Of Kings and Prophets. In 2017, he played Daniel Morgan in the American-British supernatural horror-thriller film Slumber, he also appeared in an episode of The Miniaturist. In 2020 he played Frank, an evacuee from the London Blitz during World War II, in the British drama film Summerland.
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
Living people
21st-century English actors
21st-century English male actors
English film actors
People educated at Beechen Cliff School
2005 births
Redcliffe is a town and suburb in the Moreton Bay Region, Queensland, Australia. It also refers colloquially to the Redcliffe Peninsula as a whole, a peninsula jutting into Moreton Bay which contains several other suburbs. Since the 1880s, Redcliffe has been a popular seaside resort in South East Queensland. In the , the suburb of Redcliffe had a population of 10,373 people.
Geography
Redcliffe is situated in the east north-east of the Redcliffe Peninsula on the western shore of the Moreton Bay. It is approximately north-north-east of the Brisbane CBD. It serves as the Central Business District for the Redcliffe Peninsula and its surrounding suburbs.
History
Before European settlement, the Redcliffe Peninsula was occupied by the Ningy Ningy people. The Aboriginal name is Kau-in-Kau-in, which means Blood-Blood (red-like blood).
A famous Ningy Ningy Bora ring structure, consisting of two separate rings, large and small, joined by a ritual pathway, once existed between Kippa Ring and Anzac Avenue. Aboriginals as far away as Noosa would travel there to perform initiation ceremonies. It was razed by the Council around 1950.
The town's name originates from "Red Cliff Point" named by the explorer Matthew Flinders, referring to the red cliffs at Woody Point. Redcliffe became Queensland's first colony in 1824; however, it was soon abandoned for Brisbane.
Redcliffe holds the distinction of being the first European settlement in Queensland, first visited by Matthew Flinders on 17 July 1799. Explorer John Oxley recommended "Red Cliff Point" – named after the red-coloured cliffs visible from Moreton Bay – to the Governor Thomas Brisbane for the new Moreton Bay penal colony, reporting that ships could land at any tide and easily get close to the shore.
The penal colony was established at Redcliffe on 13 September 1824, under the command of Lieutenant Henry Miller with 14 soldiers, some with wives and children, and 29 convicts. However, this settlement was abandoned after one year and the colony was moved south to a site on the Brisbane River at North Quay, south, that offered a more reliable water supply. This settlement lead to the establishment of Brisbane, now Queensland's capital city.
Redcliffe became a pastoral district in the 1860s and in the 1880s boomed as a seaside resort town. In 1878, a suburban subdivision called Portwood Estate (around the present day Portwood Street, Sheehan Street, and Sylvin Street) was offered for sale, with the lots described as "large, elevated, picturesque, salubrious, with rare perspective" in Humpy Bong which was to be "the fashionable watering place of the future!". The estate map shows the Redcliffe railway line terminating at a railway station just to the north-east of the estate (in the area of present-day Macnaughton Street). However, the Redcliffe Peninsula railway line was not opened until October 2016 (138 years later) and the terminus was located in neighbouring Kippa-Ring.
In October 1881, approximately 60 allotments of "Ramsgate Estate" were advertised to be auctioned for sale by Arthur Martin & Co, being subdivisions 1 to 60, of portion 205 in the Parish of Redcliffe.
Redcliffe State School opened circa 1888. It closed in 1909 when a new Humpybong State School was opened on a central site to amalgamate Redcliffe State School and the old Humpybong State School.
From 1911, the twin screw excursion steamer Koopa made regular trips to Redcliffe jetty. The principal route for passengers was a steamer from Sandgate pier to Woody Point Pier. The Hornibrook Bridge connecting Clontarf in the Town of Redcliffe to Brighton in City of Brisbane was completed in 1935 and allowed easy access to and from Brisbane by motor car leading the way to rapid suburban development. That led to the cessation of the Sandgate to Woody Point steamers.
Our Lady Help of Christians School opened in January 1922. It closed on 24 May 1995.
In 1937 a Presbyterian church was built on Prince Edward Parade at Queen's Beach near Eversleigh Road. It was officially opened on Saturday 18 December 1937 by the Reverend James Gibson, Moderator of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland; the ceremony was attended by William Forgan Smith, the Queensland Premier, and Alfred H. Langdon, Mayor of Redcliffe. The two lots of land for the church had been purchased on 29 April 1920, adjacent to the Queensland Presbyterian Women's Missionary Union house, "The Haven".
Redcliffe State High School No 2045 opened on 3 February 1958.
In 1958, the Gibb family from Manchester, England emigrated to this area and called it home for a period. Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb went on to form the highly successful music group, The Bee Gees. In 1959, Brisbane based Speedcar driver Bill Goode, the promoter of the Redcliffe Speedway (located at the Redcliffe Showgrounds) hired the brothers to entertain the crowds at the speedway from the back of a truck during the interval. This was the first ever public performance by the trio. In a letter to the Redcliffe Museum in 1999, Barry Gibb wrote "The smell of the oil, the noise and the atmosphere was incredible. This was the first public appearance Robin, Maurice and I ever made in Australia. We sang through the PA system and people threw money onto the track, and we met Brisbane's leading DJ and racing car driver Bill Gates, who suggested we call ourselves the BG's and even played our songs on his radio show, "Swinging' Gates' Platter Chatter". Hence Redcliffe became the birthplace of the Bee Gees."
Redcliffe Opportunity School opened on 2 March 1964. In 1989, it was renamed Redcliffe State Special School.
The first high-rise apartment building was constructed along Marine Parade in 1974. For decades the interest for similar development was limited – until 2000 there were only four apartment buildings higher than 6 stories across the entire Peninsula. Renewed interest in Redcliffe as a seaside lifestyle precinct occurred in the 2000s and 2010s and as a result high rise and mix use development is found in all areas of Redcliffe along the coastline.
In 1975, the toll on the Hornibrook Highway was removed.
The current Redcliffe Library opened in 2000.
Demographics
In the , the population of Redcliffe was 9,201; 52% female and 48% male. The median age of the Redcliffe population was 44 years of age, 7 years above the Australian median. Children aged under 15 years made up 15.5% of the population and people aged 65 years and over made up 20.7% of the population. 68.4% of people living in Redcliffe were born in Australia, compared to the national average of 69.8%; the next most common countries of birth were England 7%, New Zealand 6.3%, Scotland 1%, Philippines 0.8%, Netherlands 0.7%. 86.8% of people spoke only English at home; the next most popular languages were 0.5% Italian, 0.4% Tagalog, 0.4% German, 0.3% Dutch, 0.3% Samoan.
In the , the suburb of Redcliffe had a population of 10,373 people.
Heritage listings
Redcliffe has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Anzac Memorial Avenue
corner of Klingner Road and Oxley Avenue (): Redcliffe State High School buildings
395 Oxley Avenue: Redcliffe Fire Station
133-137 Redcliffe Parade: Comino's Arcade
185 Redcliffe Parade: former Redcliffe Town Council Chambers
Education
Redcliffe Special School is a special primary and secondary (Prep-12) school for boys and girls at Klingner Road (). In 2018, the school had an enrolment of 121 students with 33 teachers (28 full-time equivalent) and 46 non-teaching staff (28 full-time equivalent).
Redcliffe State High School is a government secondary (7-12) school for boys and girls at the corner of Klingner Road and Oxley Avenue (). In 2018, the school had an enrolment of 1,319 students with 110 teachers (102 full-time equivalent) and 52 non-teaching staff (35 full-time equivalent). It includes a special education program.
There are no mainstream primary schools in Redcliffe. The nearest government primary schools are Scarborough State School in neighbouring Scarborough to the north, Kippa-Ring State School in neighbouring Kippa-Ring to the west, and Humpybong State School in neighbouring Margate to the south.
Attractions and features
Attractions such as Suttons Beach(location of Luna Park Redcliffe (1944 to 1966), Redcliffe Jetty, Settlement Cove Lagoon, Redcliffe Museum, Redcliffe Botanic Gardens, and Redcliffe Showgrounds are all within the suburb of Redcliffe. The entire Redcliffe Parade precinct is home to an abundance of restaurants and eateries. On Sundays, the Redcliffe Markets take place along Redcliffe Parade and in recent years have been a significant event for local businesses with crowds of thousands taking part.
Aside from smaller events, in September each year, Redcliffe celebrates its history as Queensland's first European settlement location with the Redcliffe festival event. This festival is chiefly held in the Redcliffe CBD with Redcliffe Parade being closed off to traffic for most of the day. Other attractions as part of this festival include the KiteFest, The Jetty Fiesta, KiteFest Live, and Spring Break Beach Party with ongoing interest from local community groups and sponsors to create larger and more attractive events each year.
A statue and walkway in honour of the Bee Gees was unveiled by Barry Gibb on 14 February 2013. Barry returned to open the second stage of the walkway on 9 September 2015.
The Moreton Bay Regional Council operates a public library at 476 Oxley Avenue.
Sport and recreation
A number of well-known sporting teams represent the local area, including the Sandgate-Redcliffe Gators, Redcliffe Tigers, Peninsula Power FC, and Redcliffe Padres. Most notably, the Redcliffe Dolphins are a famous rugby league team competing in the second-level Queensland Cup, and will field a team in the fully professional NRL from 2023. Redcliffe hosts the only harness racing in Queensland that is North of Brisbane at the Redcliffe Harness Racing & Sporting Club.
Transport
Redcliffe is served by a small general aviation airfield, Redcliffe Airport , located northwest of Redcliffe in the suburb of Rothwell.
Redcliffe is well serviced by public transport operated by Translink with most of the buses connecting to trains at Kippa-Ring station or across the Houghton highway to Sandgate station. Buses also travel to nearby North Lakes and Deception Bay.
In 2016 a train line opened that connects the existing Caboolture line at Petrie to Kippa-Ring station. The line services 6 stations including nearby Rothwell and Mango Hill which is located near North Lakes Westfield and IKEA.
Climate
References
External links
University of Queensland: Queensland Places: Redcliffe
Suburbs of Moreton Bay Region
1824 establishments in Australia
Populated places established in 1824
Convictism in Queensland
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Kyōtango, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway company Willer Trains (Kyoto Tango Railway).
Lines
Amino Station is a station of the Miyazu Line, and is located 55.5 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Nishi-Maizuru Station.
Station layout
The station consists of one ground-level side platform and one ground-level island platform connected by a footbridge. There is a ticket window in the station building, which features the motif of a yacht.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on December 25, 1926.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 200 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Kyotango City Amino Government Building
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Official home page
Railway stations in Kyoto Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1926
Kyōtango
Sweden India Film Association, or SIFA, is an independent organisation dedicated to promoting the cultural and financial exchange between the Swedish and the Indian film industries.
History
SIFA was founded by Ms Kunnie (Kunzang) Topden and Mr Christer Holmgren in 2004. The project has been fruitful, as SIFA was instrumental in arranging the first shooting of an Indian film ever on Swedish soil, Romesh Sharma's Follow Your Heart (Dil Jo Bhi Kahe). Since then SIFA has arranged a film festival in Stockholm, guested by among others Dev Anand, and is currently working to realize more Indian shoots in Sweden and Scandinavia.
References
DN journal, 2005-29-12 (Swedish) http://www.dn.se/DNet/jsp/polopoly.jsp?d=2204&a=508395&previousRenderType=1
Dala Demokraten, 2005-18-04 (Swedish)http://www.dalademokraten.se/ArticlePages/200504/18/20050418212306_DD005/20050418212306_DD005.dbp.asp
External links
Official website
Film organizations in Sweden
Film organisations in India
A toymaker is someone who makes toys.
Toymaker may also refer to:
Celestial Toymaker, a fictional extraterrestrial in Doctor Who
Toymaker (The Batman), a fictional C.E.O. in The Batman
See also
The Toymaker
6Degrees (or Six Degrees) is a Northern Irish dramatic television series about a group of university students living in Belfast. It premiered on 21 February 2012 on BBC2 NI. In July 2013 it also began airing on the Irish channel RTÉ 2 and later on BBC1 NI. The show ran for a total of three series, between 2012 and 2015. It was filmed on location in Northern Ireland.
The series charts the lives of several young students, who befriend one another when they embark on their various degree courses. Each series explores their changing friendships, as they struggle with work, relationships and family life. The show received praise for its diverse and vibrant depiction of present-day Belfast, as well as its lively young cast.
Cast
Main characters
(Jayne Wisener), is the idealist of the group, always eager to resolve conflict and lend support. From a privileged family on the Causeway Coast, she is keen to make new friends and explore the big city whilst studying for her degree in accountancy. Kind and somewhat naive, Sandie is easily upset when things go wrong but strives to develop her independence.
(Cillian O'Sullivan), arrives in Belfast all the way from Cork. Tall, dark and mysterious, he captures the attention of Sandie but must come to terms with his true self. One of the lads, he's always up for the craic and enjoys himself most on the football field. He is loyal to his friends and is studying to be an architect but, with little direction or ambition, his path remains unclear. After college, he returns to Cork before moving to New York.
(Jamie-Lee O'Donnell) is from Derry. She arrives in a new city with aspirations of becoming a solicitor. Her frank and impulsive nature often leads to trouble, creating tension with those around her. Eva loves to party and speak her mind but her apparent confidence hides insecurities and a tragic past. She will fiercely defend her friends but tends to put herself first.
(Ryan McParland) A geek at heart, Leech (as he prefers to be known) desires acceptance and popularity the most and will do anything to attain it. Loud, boastful and slightly wild, he's always up for adventure and fun. Leech's nemesis is childhood bully Gary Meadows and he has a secret crush on fellow gamer Carly. Above all, Leech wants to embrace the moment and have fun but he soon discovers that life won't always be carefree.
(Georgia Maguire) (series 1–2, recurring 3) Savvy Londoner Jess moves to Belfast for University, leaving behind her boyfriend. Initially, she finds it difficult to adapt to the new city and local lingo but (most) of her housemates make her feel welcome. Sensible and studious, Jess often clashes with Eva and develops a soft spot for Danny. She decides to leave the gang after second year to go travelling but keeps in touch with Sandie. She ultimately returns to Belfast to continue her studies.
(Niall Wright) (series 1–2, recurring 3) Born and bred in Belfast, Danny is kind and genuine and keen to pursue (and share) his love of film through his studies. His feelings are torn between bright housemate Jess and the ardent Eva. He struggles to cope with his mum's alcoholism but often finds escapism through his new friends and passion. He leaves Belfast, before the end of his final year, after accepting a work placement in London, but still has hopes for love with Eva. He later returns, for unspecified reasons.
(Ben Peel) (series 1, recurring 2-3) Self-assured, smart and trendy, Justin is always willing to stand up for his beliefs and won't shy away from confrontation. He meets the rest of the gang through Eva and takes a fancy to Conor but finds it difficult to keep their relationship a secret. He is deeply ambitious and independent, ready to accept any gainful opportunities that come his way. He eventually decides to leave for New York but still pines for Conor.
(Lauren Ellis-Steele) (series 3, recurring previously) Hailing from Glasgow, Carly is a friendly, caring and insightful girl. She quickly develops an attraction to Leech based on their mutual love of gaming. Loyal and committed, she soon befriends the rest of the gang but is frustrated by Leech's apparent fickle ways. She eventually moves into the house with the others and faces a major life decision that will ultimately affect her relationship with Leech.
(Dermot Murphy) (series 3) Liam crashes onto the scene just as the friends are preparing for their final semester, taking Danny's place in the house. He wastes no time making a move on Conor and causing mischief for the friends with his roguish ways. Liam is carefree and fun-loving, striking immediate accord with Leech but clashing with Eva and Sandie. His reckless and sometimes fickle attitude causes rifts in the gang. He eventually moves to Dublin.
Episodes
Series overview
Series 1 (2012)
Series 2 (2013)
Series 3 (2015)
Reception
Christine Keighery, of the Crossmaglen Examiner, praised the show for its local talent - "Written by, filmed in and starring actors from the North, the series is being hailed as a, long overdue, return to home-grown drama." However, Lee Henry, writing for Culture Northern Ireland criticised the series during its first season, in comparison to long-running British soap opera Hollyoaks, for aiming a teen drama at an adult audience. Likewise, the News Letter drew comparisons with Hollyoaks but also commended the local talent, describing it as "...exciting because it's a Northern Irish drama - a rare and therefore precious offering."
By the third series, Joe Nawaz, writing in the Belfast Telegraph, generally praised the series as smart and youthful, but criticised some of the dialogue and the attempt to "re-imagine Belfast as a kind of fantasy cosmopolitan postcard destination."
References
External links
Official website
BBC website
BBC Northern Ireland television shows
2010s television series from Northern Ireland
2012 British television series debuts
2015 British television series endings
A blazar is an active galactic nucleus (AGN) with a relativistic jet (a jet composed of ionized matter traveling at nearly the speed of light) directed very nearly towards an observer. Relativistic beaming of electromagnetic radiation from the jet makes blazars appear much brighter than they would be if the jet were pointed in a direction away from Earth. Blazars are powerful sources of emission across the electromagnetic spectrum and are observed to be sources of high-energy gamma ray photons. Blazars are highly variable sources, often undergoing rapid and dramatic fluctuations in brightness on short timescales (hours to days). Some blazar jets exhibit apparent superluminal motion, another consequence of material in the jet traveling toward the observer at nearly the speed of light.
The blazar category includes BL Lac objects and optically violently variable (OVV) quasars. The generally accepted theory is that BL Lac objects are intrinsically low-power radio galaxies while OVV quasars are intrinsically powerful radio-loud quasars. The name "blazar" was coined in 1978 by astronomer Edward Spiegel to denote the combination of these two classes.
In visible-wavelength images, most blazars appear compact and pointlike, but high-resolution images reveal that they are located at the centers of elliptical galaxies.
Blazars are important topics of research in astronomy and high-energy astrophysics. Blazar research includes investigation of the properties of accretion disks and jets, the central supermassive black holes and surrounding host galaxies, and the emission of high-energy photons, cosmic rays, and neutrinos.
In July 2018, the IceCube Neutrino Observatory team traced a neutrino that hit its Antarctica-based detector in September 2017 to its point of origin in a blazar 3.7 billion light-years away. This was the first time that a neutrino detector was used to locate an object in space.
Structure
Blazars, like all active galactic nuclei (AGN), are thought to be ultimately powered by material falling onto a supermassive black hole at the center of the host galaxy. Gas, dust and the occasional star are captured and spiral into this central black hole, creating a hot accretion disk which generates enormous amounts of energy in the form of photons, electrons, positrons and other elementary particles. This region is relatively small, approximately 10−3 parsecs in size.
There is also a larger opaque toroid extending several parsecs from the black hole, containing a hot gas with embedded regions of higher density. These "clouds" can absorb and re-emit energy from regions closer to the black hole. On Earth, the clouds are detected as emission lines in the blazar spectrum.
Perpendicular to the accretion disk, a pair of relativistic jets carries highly energetic plasma away from the AGN. The jet is collimated by a combination of intense magnetic fields and powerful winds from the accretion disk and toroid. Inside the jet, high energy photons and particles interact with each other and the strong magnetic field. These relativistic jets can extend as far as many tens of kiloparsecs from the central black hole.
All of these regions can produce a variety of observed energy, mostly in the form of a nonthermal spectrum ranging from very low-frequency radio to extremely energetic gamma rays, with a high polarization (typically a few percent) at some frequencies. The nonthermal spectrum consists of synchrotron radiation in the radio to X-ray range, and inverse Compton emission in the X-ray to gamma-ray region. A thermal spectrum peaking in the ultraviolet region and faint optical emission lines are also present in OVV quasars, but faint or non-existent in BL Lac objects.
Relativistic beaming
The observed emission from a blazar is greatly enhanced by relativistic effects in the jet, a process called relativistic beaming. The bulk speed of the plasma that constitutes the jet can be in the range of 95%–99% of the speed of light, although individual particles move at higher speeds in various directions.
The relationship between the luminosity emitted in the rest frame of the jet and the luminosity observed from Earth depends on the characteristics of the jet. These include whether the luminosity arises from a shock front or a series of brighter blobs in the jet, as well as details of the magnetic fields within the jet and their interaction with the moving particles.
A simple model of beaming illustrates the basic relativistic effects connecting the luminosity in the rest frame of the jet, Se, and the luminosity observed on Earth, So: So is proportional to Se × D2, where D is the doppler factor.
When considered in much more detail, three relativistic effects are involved:
Relativistic aberration contributes a factor of D2. Aberration is a consequence of special relativity where directions which appear isotropic in the rest frame (in this case, the jet) appear pushed towards the direction of motion in the observer's frame (in this case, Earth).
Time dilation contributes a factor of D+1. This effect speeds up the apparent release of energy. If the jet emits a burst of energy every minute in its own rest frame, this release would be observed on Earth as much more frequent, perhaps every ten seconds.
Windowing can contribute a factor of D−1 and then works to decrease boosting. This happens for a steady flow because there are then D fewer elements of fluid within the observed window, as each element has been expanded by factor D. However, for a freely propagating blob of material, the radiation is boosted by the full D+3.
Example
Consider a jet with an angle to the line of sight θ = 5° and a speed of 99.9% of the speed of light. The luminosity observed from Earth is 70 times greater than the emitted luminosity. However, if θ is at the minimum value of 0° the jet will appear 600 times brighter from Earth.
Beaming away
Relativistic beaming also has another critical consequence. The jet which is not approaching Earth will appear dimmer because of the same relativistic effects. Therefore, two intrinsically identical jets will appear significantly asymmetric. In the example given above any jet where θ > 35° will be observed on Earth as less luminous than it would be from the rest frame of the jet.
A further consequence is that a population of intrinsically identical AGN scattered in space with random jet orientations will look like a very inhomogeneous population on Earth. The few objects where θ is small will have one very bright jet, while the rest will apparently have considerably weaker jets. Those where θ varies from 90° will appear to have asymmetric jets.
This is the essence behind the connection between blazars and radio galaxies. AGN which have jets oriented close to the line of sight with Earth can appear extremely different from other AGN even if they are intrinsically identical.
Discovery
Many of the brighter blazars were first identified, not as powerful distant galaxies, but as irregular variable stars in our own galaxy. These blazars, like genuine irregular variable stars, changed in brightness on periods of days or years, but with no pattern.
The early development of radio astronomy had shown that there are many bright radio sources in the sky. By the end of the 1950s, the resolution of radio telescopes was sufficient to identify specific radio sources with optical counterparts, leading to the discovery of quasars. Blazars were highly represented among these early quasars, and the first redshift was found for 3C 273, a highly variable quasar which is also a blazar.
In 1968, a similar connection was made between the "variable star" BL Lacertae and a powerful radio source VRO 42.22.01. BL Lacertae shows many of the characteristics of quasars, but the optical spectrum was devoid of the spectral lines used to determine redshift. Faint indications of an underlying galaxy—proof that BL Lacertae was not a star—were found in 1974.
The extragalactic nature of BL Lacertae was not a surprise. In 1972 a few variable optical and radio sources were grouped together and proposed as a new class of galaxy: BL Lacertae-type objects. This terminology was soon shortened to "BL Lacertae object", "BL Lac object" or simply "BL Lac". (The latter term can also mean the original individual blazar and not the entire class.)
, a few hundred BL Lac objects were known. One of the closest blazars is 2.5 billion light years away.
Current view
Blazars are thought to be active galactic nuclei, with relativistic jets oriented close to the line of sight with the observer.
The special jet orientation explains the general peculiar characteristics: high observed luminosity, very rapid variation, high polarization (compared to non-blazar quasars), and the apparent superluminal motions detected along the first few parsecs of the jets in most blazars.
A Unified Scheme or Unified Model has become generally accepted, where highly variable quasars are related to intrinsically powerful radio galaxies, and BL Lac objects are related to intrinsically weak radio galaxies. The distinction between these two connected populations explains the difference in emission line properties in blazars.
Other explanations for the relativistic jet/unified scheme approach which have been proposed include gravitational microlensing and coherent emission from the relativistic jet. Neither of these explains the overall properties of blazars. For example, microlensing is achromatic. That is, all parts of a spectrum would rise and fall together. This is not observed in blazars. However, it is possible that these processes, as well as more complex plasma physics, can account for specific observations or some details.
Examples of blazars include 3C 454.3, 3C 273, BL Lacertae, PKS 2155-304, Markarian 421, Markarian 501 and S5 0014+81. Markarian 501 and S5 0014+81 are also called "TeV Blazars" for their high energy (teraelectron-volt range) gamma-ray emission.
In July 2018, a blazar called TXS 0506+056 was identified as source of high-energy neutrinos by the IceCube project.
See also
Galaxy formation and evolution
List of plasma physics articles
Seyfert galaxy
Notes
External links
AAVSO High Energy Network
Blazar Monitoring List, Purdue University
Expanding Gallery of Hires Blazar Images
NASA:Blazars Artist Conception Video
NASA Cosmic Fog
NASA Gamma Ray Census
Video May 13 2013, NASA's Fermi Shows How Active Galaxies Can Be-Blazars
TED talk on blazars by Jedidah Isler
Active galaxy types
Mark F. Meier (December 19, 1925 – November 25, 2012) was an American glaciologist who was considered a leading expert on the study of rising sea levels due to the melting of glaciers. Meier was the Director of the Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research (INSTAAR) from 1985 to 1994 and remained the institute's director emeritus until his death in 2012. He was also a professor of geological sciences at the University of Colorado Boulder.
Meier was born and raised in Iowa. He resided in Boulder, Colorado, since 1985.
In 1956, Meier founded the U.S. Geological Survey's department of glaciology. He obtained doctorate in 1957 from the California Institute of Technology. Meier served as the director of the U.S. Geological Survey's Project Office of Glaciology in Tacoma, Washington, until he became the director of INSTAAR in 1985.
Meier was one of the first glaciologists to use remote sensing to study glaciers and rates of melting. He headed several studies of tidewater glacier dynamics in the U.S. state of Alaska. Meier organized the systematic measurement and assessment of glacier mass balance within North America to mark the International Geophysical Year and International Hydrological Decade, which was observed from 1965 to 1975.
His numerous recognitions and awards included the Seligman Crystal from the International Glaciological Society in 1985, the Robert E. Horton Medal in 1996, three medals from the USSR Academy of Sciences (now the Russian Academy of Sciences) and the United States Department of the Interior's Distinguished Service Award.
Meier died in Boulder, Colorado, on November 25, 2012, at the age of 86.
References
2012 deaths
American glaciologists
University of Colorado Boulder faculty
California Institute of Technology alumni
People from Boulder, Colorado
1925 births
Recipients of the Department of the Interior's Distinguished Service Award
Eric Winston Ludy (born December 17, 1970) is an author, speaker and president of Ellerslie Mission Society. He is also the senior pastor at the Church at Ellerslie and the lead instructor at Ellerslie Leadership Training in Windsor, Colorado. Ludy is the author of more than a dozen books, many of which were co-authored with his wife, Leslie Ludy.
Biography
Eric Ludy's spouse is author Leslie Ludy. The two were married in December 1994 in Denver, Colorado. Their love story garnered much attention from the Christian community and was detailed in their book When Dreams Come True.
Eric Ludy's first book was published when he was 24 years old. From that point forward Ludy began traveling around the world, speaking on the principles of the Christian life. Over a three-year period from 2005 to 2008, Ludy, along with his wife, Leslie, wrote 11 books. Ludy's books and teachings are used in Christian training curriculums by organizations such as CareNet, Youth With A Mission, and Compassion International.
In 2009, Ludy became President of Ellerslie Mission Society.
Eric and Leslie have six children. Four of the Ludy's six children are adopted, and this strong support of adoption and orphan rescue has been a hallmark of Eric Ludy's ministry and life.
Bibliography
His Perfect Faithfulness (1996; with Leslie Ludy). Harvest Books. .
Romance God's Way (1997; with Leslie Ludy). Makarios Publishing. .
When God Writes Your Love Story (1998; with Leslie Ludy). Multnomah Publishers. .
When Dreams Come True (2000; with Leslie Ludy). Multnomah Publishers. .
God's Gift to Women (2003). Multnomah Publishers. .
When God Writes Your Life Story (2004; with; Leslie Ludy). Multnomah Publishers. .
Teaching True Love to a Sex-at-13 Generation (2005; with Leslie Ludy). Thomas Nelson Publishers. .
A Perfect Wedding (2006; with Leslie Ludy). Harvest House Publishers. .
The First 90 Days of Marriage (2006; with Leslie Ludy). Thomas Nelson Publishers. .
Meet Mr. Smith (2007; with Leslie Ludy). Thomas Nelson Publishers. .
The Bravehearted Gospel (2007). Harvest House Publishers. .
Wrestling Prayer (2009; with Leslie Ludy). Harvest House Publishers. .
References
External links
Ellerslie Mission Society
Sermons by Eric Ludy on his official website
Eric and Leslie Ludy at Ellerslie Mission Society
Interview regarding The Bravehearted Gospel with the Christian Broadcasting Network
1970 births
Living people
People from Hinsdale, Illinois
American sermon writers
American Christian writers
American Protestant missionaries
20th-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
Writers from Illinois
Latham United Methodist Church is a historic church building on the east side of Highway 59 in Latham, Alabama. It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Methodist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Baldwin County, Alabama
Gothic Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1906
Churches in Baldwin County, Alabama
1906 establishments in Alabama
Enrico Tazzoli may refer to:
Enrico Tazzoli (priest), an Italian priest who was one of the Belfiore martyrs
Italian submarine Enrico Tazzoli, more than one submarine of the Italian Navy
Pramod Jain Bhaya is an Indian National Congress politician from the state of Rajasthan. He is the Cabinet Minister of Mines and cow rearing in Third Ashok Gehlot ministry. He is a third time MLA. Previously he served as an MLA from 2003 to 2008 and as a minister from 2008 to 2011 in the term 2008 to 2013.
Constituency
He represents the Anta (Rajasthan Assembly constituency) Assembly constituency from Rajasthan.
Positions Held
References
Living people
Rajasthan MLAs 2018–2023
State cabinet ministers of Rajasthan
Indian National Congress politicians from Rajasthan
1965 births
Sellia () is a village and comune in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
There were 1,300 residents in the town in 1960. In 2015 the town had 537 residents; about 60% of the residents are over 65 years of age. That year Davide Zicchinella, the mayor, signed a decree stating that "it is forbidden to get sick in the town."
Geography
The village is bordered by Albi, Catanzaro, Magisano, Pentone, Simeri Crichi, Soveria Simeri and Zagarise.
Notes and references
Cities and towns in Calabria
The Women's 50 metre backstroke competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 21 and 22 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 21 June at 09:00.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 21 June at 18:37.
Swim-off
The swim-off was held on 21 June at 20:24.
Final
The final was held on 22 June at 18:30.
References
Women's 50 metre backstroke
Rose Valley is a town in the rural municipality of Ponass Lake No. 367, in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. Rose Valley is located at the intersection of Highway 35 and Primary Grid 746 in east-central Saskatchewan. Wheat and dairying are the main economic industries in this area.
History
The CPR arrived in 1924, but as early as 1904 and 1905 Norwegian and Ukrainian settlers began to arrive by Red River cart. Rose Valley enjoyed its peak growth in the 1960s.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Rose Valley had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Sites of interest
Just to the north of Rose Valley at NE 11-39-13 W2, is a provincial Migratory Bird Concentration Site.
Education
Rose Valley School offers Kindergarten to Grade 12. The School is located in the Horizon School Division. In 2003 the school received $250,000 in repairs and renovations from the provincial government. The area is serviced by the Parkland Regional Library Rose Valley Branch.
Notable people
David A. Gall - Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame jockey
Gary Fjellgaard - Canadian country music singer-songwriter
Fjellgaard's song "Riding on the Wind" was named Single of the Year in 1985 by the Canadian Country Music Association. He also won the 1987 Society of Composers, Authors and Music Publishers of Canada Song of the Year award for writing the Mercey Brothers' hit "Heroes".
Fjellgaard won the 1989 Canadian Country Music Association Award for Male Artist of the Year. He also won three awards for his collaborations with Linda Kidder in 1989, 1990 and 1992.
After several years of nominations, Fjellgaard won the 1993 Juno Award for Best Country Male Vocalist.
He was inducted into the Canadian Country Music Hall of Fame in 2005.
In 2016 the titanic swimming team went on to win the 2017 Olympic in Utah. They also competed in an engineering competition which took place in 1889 winning the boat competition, boat name : SS steamship
Book references
"A Tribute To Our Pioneers." History of Rose Valley and District, 1981
References
Towns in Saskatchewan
Norwegian Canadian settlements
The Immaculate Conception Cathedral () or simply Cathedral of Victoria, is a religious building of the Catholic Church located in the town of Victoria, on the island of Mahé capital of the African archipelago nation of Seychelles.
The cathedral is located near the Clock Tower (Tour de l'Horloge) and the Anglican Cathedral. The church was built in 1874 and recalls the French colonial style.
It is part of the Latin Church and Roman Rite, and serves as the seat of the bishop of the Diocese of Port Victoria which was established in 1892 by Pope Leo XIII. The first reconstruction of the cathedral started in the same year.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Seychelles
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Seychelles
Buildings and structures in Victoria, Seychelles
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1874
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Seychelles
Chithramela is a 1967 Malayalam-language anthology film directed and produced by T. S. Muthiah. It was Malayalam cinema's first anthology film, consisting of three short films. The cast includes Prem Nazir, Sharada, Sheela, K. P. Ummer, Kottayam Chellappan, S. P. Pillai, Adoor Bhasi, Bahadoor and Manavalan Joseph.
List of short films
Plots
First segment (Nagarathinte Mukhangal)
The short film showed the tragic fate of children left alone at home while the parents enjoyed themselves at late-night parties and meetings. One such couple, Sheela and Ummer, leave their daughter at home with the servant and go for a party . The naughty girl plays with the telephone, dials numbers and interacts with the person at the other end of the line. One such call results in trouble. The call was to a house which happened to be the venue of a murder. The girl says over the phone that she knew what was happening there. The murderer (Kottayam Chellappan) locates the number, kidnaps the girl and attempts to kill her. But the intervention of the police saves the girl's life.
Second segment (Penninte Prapancham)
The characters in the film were the original film stars themselves. Adoor Bhasi, Manavalan Joseph and Bahadoor are trained to drive a car by S. P. Pillai, their ashan or teacher. They encounter hilarious situations with the women they meet. All the students and their teacher go into a deep sleep. They wake up after 50 years to find that men have lost dominance; women, they find, have become all-powerful in the world.
Third segment (Apaswarangal)
The film told the story of a tragic love affair between a blind girl and a street singer. Seetha (Sharada), the daughter of a coolie in a colony is in love with Babu (Prem Nazir), a street singer. A city wastrel's evil eye falls on Seetha and Babu is beaten up severely by his goons. A famous dancer happens to listen to Babu's singing. Babu goes on to accept the patronage of the dancer, separating him from Seetha. The colony is hit by an outbreak of smallpox. Except for Seetha and a small boy, all the others die. Seetha and the boy leave in search of Babu. She hears Babu's voice from a theatre. Babu rushes to meet his lover. Seetha, who is elated falls into his arms and dies.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sheela
Sharada
Sukumari
Adoor Bhasi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Manavalan Joseph
T. R. Omana
Baby
Prathapachandran
Abhayam
Baby Rajani
Bahadoor
C. R. Lakshmi
Devi Chandrika
G. K. Pillai
J. A. R. Anand
K. P. Ummer
Kaduvakulam Antony
Kashmiri
Khadeeja
Kottayam Chellappan
Kuttan Pillai
Master Sridhar
Meena
Nellikode Bhaskaran
Rajeshwari
S. P. Pillai
Usha
Wahab
Production
Veteran actor T. S. Muthiah made his directorial debut with Chithramela. He also produced the film under the banner of Sree Movies. Director M. Krishnan Nair is credited for giving technical assistance in direction. The idea for the short film Penninte Prapancham was by film producer T. E. Vasudevan. He, in turn, was inspired by a Laurel and Hardy film.
Chithramela was the first anthology film (portmanteau film) in Malayalam. The Tamil film Sirikkathe (1939) was the first anthology film in India. The Malayalam film industry has produced only a handful of anthology films to date, which include Yauvanam/Vandikkari (1974), Naalu Pennungal (2007), Kerala Cafe (2009) and Oru Yathrayil (2013), among others. However, since the advent of new-wave Malayalam cinema of the 2010s, many films which used hyperlink format for storytelling came out. Some film pundits consider these films also as portmanteau films.
Soundtrack
The film's music was provided by G. Devarajan, assisted by R. K. Shekhar. There are eight songs in the film, all of them included in the third and longest segment Apaswarangal. The lyrics were penned by Sreekumaran Thampi, who also penned the script for Apaswarangal. All the songs became super hits. Seven solos by K. J. Yesudas and a duet with S. Janaki, are considered gems in Malayalam film music.
References
External links
Chithramela at the Malayalam Movie Database
1960s Malayalam-language films
Indian anthology films
1960s crime thriller films
1967 romantic comedy films
1960s musical films
1967 directorial debut films
Indian comedy films
1967 comedy films
1967 films
"I Wanna Be a Boss" is a song by American singer-songwriter Stan Ridgway and was the first and only single released in support of his 1991 album Partyball.
Formats and track listing
All songs written by Stan Ridgway, except where noted.
UK 7" single (EIRS 166)
"I Wanna Be a Boss" – 4:52
"Camouflage" – 7:16
UK CD single (CDEIRS 166)
"I Wanna Be a Boss" – 4:50
"Camouflage" – 7:12
"Calling Out to Carol" – 4:09
European CD single (560-20 4322 2)
"I Wanna Be a Boss" – 4:50
"Nadine" (Berry) – 3:25
"Uba's House of Fashions" (Berardi, Ramirez, Ridgway, Sauser-Hall, Schulz, Wexstun) – 4:16
Charts
References
External links
1991 songs
1991 singles
I.R.S. Records singles
Stan Ridgway songs
Songs written by Stan Ridgway
Ffynone House School is an independent co-educational secondary day school in Swansea, Wales. It is situated in the Uplands area of the city at 36 St. James Crescent.
The school teaches children from age 11 to 18 (Year 7 to GCSE and A Level). It is owned by a charitable trust.
Description
Ffynone campus is situated next to St. James's Park in the Uplands area of Swansea.
Facilities in Ffynone House School include a learning resource centre, laboratories, gymnasium, a drama studio, a music room and two art studios in addition to two computer suites.
Classes are relatively small. All pupils follow a common curriculum considered compulsory by educational authorities up until the end of GCSE.
Ffynone has a tradition of extra-curricular sporting activities, including table tennis, football, rugby, hockey, cross-country and gymnastics, taking place at lunch-times and after school. The school has no playing fields of its own but instead, pupils use facilities at the nearby Swansea University. Pupils have access to other activities, such as debating, music, drama, dance as part of the curriculum and as extra-curricular activities.
History
Ffynone House School is located on the site that was formerly St Winefride's Convent School for Girls, run by nuns from 1887 to 1969 and throughout the Second World War. Ffynone House School was opened in 1973 by a Swansea Businessman, Mr Marshall David, and became Ffynone House School Trust (FHST) following Mr David Marshall's death.
The School's early motto "Non Sibi Sed Omnibus" (Not for one's self, but for all) was updated to "Where Individuals Matter", which underpins the ethos of the school. The early school badge proclaiming "Endeavour-Achievement-Excellence" was updated to “Virtus” (Virtue) in 1995. The addition of a yellow Acorn to the badge reflected the purchase of Oakleigh House Primary School as part of the growing Ffynone House School Trust.
In 2007, both primary and secondary school businesses were purchased by Cognita, a private education consortium. The capital assets and freeholds of both schools remained the property of FHST. In 2013, Cognita considered the viability of maintaining the school in its current form which was located on two separate sites. The primary and secondary schools were subsequently separated; the Oakleigh House primary department remained inside the Cognita consortium, and Ffynone House School's secondary department was transferred back to the ownership of the FHS Charitable Trust. The school remains open as an independent day school in the Uplands area of Swansea.
Science
Ffynone House School offers Chemistry, Biology and Physics as independent subjects throughout the School. Pupils from the school regularly participate in science-based competitions and have enjoyed success in the South West Wales Chemical Olympiad Competition. In 2009 the school Chemical Olympiad team came third in the UK in the Royal Society of Chemistry 'Top of the Bench' competition.
2019 exam results
All qualifications, with the exception of ICT, are graded using the 9-1 system. Over half of all grades were at level 7 or above (equivalent to the old A/A*) with 19% at level 9.
100% of students studying Latin or Classical Civilisation attained an A*. In Mathematics, 83% of entries were graded level 7 or above (equivalent to the old grade A) with 50% at level 9-8 (A*). 58% of Chemistry grades were at level 9 and over 75% of Biology and Chemistry grades were levels 9–7. 83% of all History entrants scored level 7 or above.
Headteachers
Audrey Jackson 1973-1983
Rev Howard Jones 1983-1984
John Rhys Thomas 1984-2004
Edwina Jones 2004-2008
Nicola Walker 2009-2015
Michael Boulding 2015–present
References
External links
Ffynone House School
2019 Estyn Inspection Report
Independent schools in Swansea
Educational institutions established in 1973
1973 establishments in Wales
The Red Hacker Alliance (中国红客联盟) is an informal group of Chinese hackers that at one time had over 80,000 members, making it one of the largest hacking groups in the world. In December 2004, the group took down their website and became inactive until March 2005, when it regrouped and relaunched its site. Computer World Australia and InformationWeek both reported that members of the Red Hacker Alliance were involved in a planned DDOS attack against CNN.com on April 19, 2008. CNN reported that they took preventive measures after news broke of the impending attack.
See also
GhostNet
Honker Union
RedHack (from Turkey)
References
Hacker groups
Billy Talent is a Canadian rock band formed in 1993 in Mississauga, Ontario. The band consists of Benjamin Kowalewicz (vocals), Ian D'Sa (guitar and vocals), Jonathan Gallant (bass and vocals), and Aaron Solowoniuk (drums and percussion). Billy Talent has released five studio albums Billy Talent (2003), Billy Talent II (2006), Billy Talent III (2009), Dead Silence (2012), and Afraid of Heights (2016). Billy Talent and Billy Talent II have been certified by the Canadian Recording Industry Association as triple platinum and double platinum respectively.
Two of the band's albums have reached the top 10 on the Canadian Albums Chart: Billy Talent peaked at number six and Billy Talent II peaked at number one. Billy Talent has received a significant amount of recognition in Canada, winning eleven awards from 34 nominations at the MuchMusic Video Awards and seven awards from twenty-two nominations at the Juno Awards. The band was also nominated at the MuchMusic Video Awards every year from 2004 to 2011. Overall, Billy Talent has received twenty-six awards from 64 nominations.
CASBY Awards
The CASBY Awards are awarded for independent and alternative music, and are presented annually by CFNY, a Toronto radio station. Billy Talent has received six awards from six nominations.
|-
|2003 || "Try Honesty" || Favorite New Single ||
|-
|rowspan="2"| 2004 || "River Below" || Favorite New Single ||
|-
| Billy Talent || Favorite New Album ||
|-
|rowspan="2"| 2006 || "Devil In A Midnight Mass" || Favorite New Single ||
|-
| Billy Talent II || Favorite New Album ||
|-
|2016 || Afraid of Heights || Favorite New Album ||
ECHO Awards
The ECHO Awards is a German annual music awards ceremony established by the Deutsche Phono-Akademie. Billy Talent has received two awards from two nominations.
|-
|rowspan="2"| 2007 ||rowspan="2"| Billy Talent || Best Newcomer International ||
|-
| Best Rock/Alternative International ||
Juno Awards
The Juno Awards are presented by the Canadian Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Billy Talent has received seven awards from twenty-two nominations.
|-
|rowspan="3"| 2004 || Billy Talent || Best New Group of the Year ||
|-
| Billy Talent || Rock Album of the Year ||
|-
| "Try Honesty" || Single of the Year ||
|-
|rowspan="3"| 2005 || Billy Talent || Group of the Year ||
|-
| Billy Talent || Best Album of the Year ||
|-
| "River Below" || Single of the Year ||
|-
|rowspan="5"| 2007 || Billy Talent || Group of the Year ||
|-
|rowspan="2"| Billy Talent II || Rock Album of the Year ||
|-
| Album of the Year ||
|-
|rowspan="2"| "Devil in a Midnight Mass" || Video of the Year ||
|-
| Single of the Year ||
|-
| 2008 || 666 || Music DVD of the Year ||
|-
|rowspan="4"| 2010 || Billy Talent || Group of the Year ||
|-
|rowspan="2"| Billy Talent III || Rock Album of the Year ||
|-
|Album of the Year ||
|-
|rowspan="1"| "Rusted from the Rain" || Single of the Year ||
|-
|rowspan="1"| 2011 || "Saint Veronika" || Video of the Year ||
|-
|rowspan="3"| 2013 || Billy Talent || Group of the Year ||
|-
|Dead Silence || Rock Album of the Year ||
|-
|"Viking Death March" || Single of the Year ||
|-
|rowspan="2"| 2017 || Billy Talent || Group of the Year ||
|-
|Afraid of Heights || Rock Album of the Year ||
MuchMusic Video Awards
The MuchMusic Video Awards is an annual awards ceremony presented by the Canadian music video channel MuchMusic. Billy Talent has received 10 awards from 34 nominations. They have also made history by having more nominations than any other artist
|-
|rowspan="6"| 2004 ||rowspan="5"| "Try Honesty" || Best Rock Video ||
|-
| Best Video ||
|-
| Best Cinematography ||
|-
| Best Post-Production ||
|-
| Best Director ||
|-
| Billy Talent || People's Choice: Favourite Canadian Group ||
|-
|rowspan="8"| 2005 ||rowspan="3"| "River Below" || Best Video ||
|-
| Best Rock Video ||
|-
| Best Post-Production ||
|-
|rowspan="3"| "Nothing to Lose" || Best Video ||
|-
| Best Rock Video ||
|-
| Best Cinematography ||
|-
| "River Below", "Nothing to Lose" || Best Director ||
|-
| Billy Talent || People's Choice: Favourite Canadian Group ||
|-
|rowspan="5"| 2006 ||rowspan="5"| "Devil In A Midnight Mass" || Best Video ||
|-
| Best Director ||
|-
| Best Post-Production ||
|-
| Best Cinematography ||
|-
| Best Rock Video ||
|-
|rowspan="5"| 2007 ||rowspan="2"| "Fallen Leaves" || Best Video ||
|-
| MuchLoud Best Rock Video ||
|-
| "Devil In A Midnight Mass" || People's Choice: Favorite Canadian Group ||
|-
|rowspan="2"| "Red Flag" || Best Director ||
|-
| Best Cinematography ||
|-
| 2008 || "Surrender" || People's Choice: Favorite Canadian Group ||
|-
| 2009 || "Rusted From the Rain" || International Video of the Year by a Canadian ||
|-
|rowspan="3"| 2010 || "Saint Veronika" || Director of the Year ||
|-
|rowspan="2"| Devil on My Shoulder || MuchLOUD Rock Video of the Year ||
|-
| Video of the Year ||
|-
|rowspan="1"| 2011 || "Diamond on a Landmine" || MuchLOUD Rock Video of the Year ||
|-
|rowspan="2"| 2013 ||rowspan="2| "Surprise Surprise" || MuchLOUD Rock Video of the Year ||
|-
| Post-Production of the Year ||
References
External links
Official site
Lists of awards received by Canadian musician
Codex Chimalpopoca or Códice Chimalpopoca is a postconquest cartographic Aztec codex which is officially listed as being in the collection of the Instituto Nacional de Antropología e Historia located in Mexico City under "Collección Antiguo no. 159". It is best known for its stories of the hero-god Quetzalcoatl. The current whereabouts of the codex are unknown. It appears to have been lost in the mid-twentieth century. Study of the codex is therefore necessarily provided only through copies and photographs. The codex consists of three parts, two of which are more important, one that regards the pre-Hispanic history of Central Mexico, the Anales de Cuauhtitlan and the other that regards the study of Aztec cosmology, the Leyenda de los Soles.
Physical characteristics
According to Walter Lehmann, who studied the Codex in 1909 and 1926 when it was housed at the Museo Nacional de México, the manuscript was about 22 cm high and 15 cm long. The paper was thin and yellowed with worn edges.
Name
The title page Codice Chimalpopoca is accompanied by the date 1849 and a note explaining that the name was given it by Charles Étienne Brasseur de Bourbourg, in honor of a Mexican scholar of the early nineteenth century, Faustino Galicia Chimalpopoca.
History
The original of the manuscript is unknown and the original is probably a copy of an even older work. The three parts of the copied manuscript in Mexico's National Institute are all in one hand. The script is provided with cover pages bearing the genealogy of Mexican historian Fernando de Alva Cortés Ixtlilxochitl. Although Ixtlilxochitl himself does not make mention anywhere in his works of this manuscript, it is tempting to speculate that he is the copyist. In the mid-eighteenth century, the well known collector Lorenzo Boturini Benaduci describes a manuscript that closely resembles the Codex Chimalpopoca, and specifies that it was copied by Ixtlilxochitl. What is known is that at the end of the eighteenth century, Mexican scholar Antonio de León y Gama made a copy of the manuscript, which is preserved at the Bibliothèque nationale de France. Following the disappearance of the original manuscript, probably in 1949, the best source for its study is the photograph of the original that was taken by Primo Feliciano Velázquez in 1945.
Contents
Codex Chimalpopoca is composed of three parts unrelated to each other. The first part, called Anales de Cuauhtitlan (Annals of Cuautitlán), is a work in Nahuatl, which takes its name from the city of Cuautitlán. The content is primarily historical. It nevertheless contains a brief version of the Leyenda de los Soles (Legend of the Suns). This part occupies pages 1–68 of the codex. The second part, with the title Breve relación de los dioses y ritos de la gentilidad, consists of a short book written in Spanish (pages 69–74 of the manuscript) by a certain Indian cleric of the sixteenth and seventeenth century, Pedro Ponce de León, which deals with Aztec deities and rites. The third part, called Leyenda de los Soles is another work in Nahuatl that develops versions of the most frequently cited sun legends (pages 75–84). The Codex's name was given by Francisco del Paso y Troncoso in 1903. The second section, the Breve relación, is not included in the 1945 copy.
References
Bibliography
Bierhorst, John. In Davíd Carrasco (ed). "Chimalpopoca, Codex." In The Oxford Encyclopedia of Mesoamerican Cultures. : Oxford University Press, 2001.
External links
Original text and Latin translation (by Walter Lehmann, 1906)
1570 Códice Chimalpopoca. Anales de Cuautitlán. Leyenda de los Soles (Fragmento)
“Leyenda de los Soles” p. 119-128, Códice Chimalpopoca: Anales de Cuauhtitlán y Leyenda de los Soles, Primo Feliciano Velázquez (traducción) y Miguel León Portilla (prefacio). Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México. Instituto de Investigaciones Históricas Editorial. 1992. XXII + 167 + [LXXXIV. Facsímiles ]
Chimalpopoca
Aztec society
Nahuatl literature
Bibliothèque nationale de France collections
Ichthyodes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Ichthyodes affinis Breuning, 1939
Ichthyodes albovittata Breuning, 1940
Ichthyodes biguttula Newman, 1842
Ichthyodes bisignifera (Pascoe, 1867)
Ichthyodes fergussoni Breuning, 1970
Ichthyodes floccifera Breuning, 1939
Ichthyodes floccosa (Pascoe, 1867)
Ichthyodes jackmani Hüdepohl, 1989
Ichthyodes kaszabiana Breuning, 1975
Ichthyodes leucostictica Breuning, 1942
Ichthyodes longicornis Breuning, 1939
Ichthyodes neopommeriana Breuning, 1940
Ichthyodes ochreoguttata Breuning, 1942
Ichthyodes pseudosybroides Breuning, 1942
Ichthyodes spinipennis Breuning, 1939
Ichthyodes sybroides (Pascoe, 1867)
Ichthyodes szekessyi (Breuning, 1953)
Ichthyodes trobriandensis Breuning, 1947
Ichthyodes truncata (Aurivillius, 1917)
References
Cerambycidae genera
"The Singles" is the title of the promotional release from Jars of Clay in support of their radio singles "Collide" and "No One Loves Me Like You", from their third album, If I Left the Zoo. "Collide" was intended for airplay on Christian Hit Radio and Christian Rock formats, while "No One Loves Me Like You" was intended for airplay on Christian AC and Inspirational radio stations. This song also appears on the WOW 2000 compilation album.
Track listing
All songs written by Charlie Lowell, Dan Haseltine, Matt Odmark, & Stephen Mason, unless otherwise noted.
"Collide" - 4:44
"No One Loves Me Like You" - 3:48
0:60 Public Announcement for DC/LA 2000
Charts
No. 1 Christian CHR ("Collide")
No. 14 Christian AC ("No One Loves Me Like You")
2000 singles
Jars of Clay songs
Essential Records (Christian) singles
1999 songs
Songs written by Dan Haseltine
Songs written by Matt Odmark
Songs written by Stephen Mason (musician)
Songs written by Charlie Lowell
América Iglesias Thatcher (November 4, 1907 – April 20, 1989) was a Puerto-Rican-American labor activist and the daughter of Puerto Rico's Resident Commissioner Santiago Iglesias.
Early life
Thatcher was the daughter of Puerto Rico's Resident Commissioner Santiago Iglesias. She had seven sisters, named Liberty, Equality, Justice, Peace, Light, Fraternity and Fidelity. The unusual names of her sisters resulted in the family being featured in Ripley's Believe it or Not.
Career
Thatcher served as a crypto-analyst during World War II and later became an interpreter and translator in the Los Angeles court system. She founded the International Translation Bureau in 1947.
She worked as a translator in the office of American Federation of Labor President William Green, and also worked for the Pan-American Union. She was also the secretary for the Central Spanish Relief Committee for Republican Spain.
She worked as staff for Rose Pesotta and helped organise garment workers. Correspondence between Pesotta and Thatcher was widely cited in Elaine Leeder's 1993 book The Gentle General: Rose Pesotta, Anarchist and Labor Organizer.
Death
She died in Los Angeles, aged 81.
References
1907 births
1989 deaths
In Greek mythology, Calesius (Ancient Greek: Καλήσιος) was the attendant and charioteer of Axylus. He is mentioned in Book VI of Homer's Iliad where he is killed with his master by Diomedes.
See also
List of Greek mythological figures
Note
References
Homer, The Iliad with an English Translation by A.T. Murray, Ph.D. in two volumes. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1924. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Homer, Homeri Opera in five volumes. Oxford, Oxford University Press. 1920. . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Characters in the Iliad
Characters in Greek mythology
The Royal Romance of Charles and Diana is a 1982 American made-for-television biographical drama film that depicts the wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer. The film was directed by Peter Levin and starred Catherine Oxenberg, Christopher Baines, Olivia de Havilland, Dana Wynter, Stewart Granger and Ray Milland. It originally aired September 20, 1982, on CBS.
Cast
Catherine Oxenberg - Lady Diana Spencer
Christopher Baines - Charles, Prince of Wales
Olivia de Havilland - Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother
Dana Wynter - Queen Elizabeth II
Ray Milland - Mr. Griffiths
Stewart Granger - Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh
Holland Taylor - Frances Shand Kydd
George Martin - John Spencer, 8th Earl Spencer
Reception
The movie debuted on United States television on the CBS network on Monday, September 20, 1982, and was the most watched prime-time television show of the week, with a 24.0 Nielsen rating and 37 share. It outperformed ABC's Charles and Diana: A Royal Love Story, which had aired three days earlier but had been only the 28th most watched show in America for the prior week.
John J. O'Connor, television critic for The New York Times, found that the movie was "much more fixated on the purely romantic possibilities of the story" of Charles and Diana compared to its ABC competition. Instead of touching on any contemporary problems in Britain, the film provides "an outrageously gooey theme song and periodic helicopter shots of stunning countryside," and "emotional high points" such as Diana deciding to get a hair cut. O'Connor opined that Olivia de Havilland played the Queen Mother "with beatific elegance" and Dana Wynter played Queen Elizabeth II "with infinite reserve."
Tom Shales' review for The Washington Post was a great deal less kind, disliking the fairytale nature of the movie. He called it a piece of "slack-jawed heraldic voyeurism incapable of, and apparently uninterested in, transforming remote news figures into believable mortals." Shales preferred the ABC movie, calling it "48 times better," and decrying Diana's representation as "something of a Pollyanna, or a Cinderella - a sweet innocent sprite upon whom a fairy godmother bestowed a few crucial wishes."
Production
The movie was filmed in Westbury, New York; Brewster, New York; and New York City, as well as in England.
That the ABC and CBS films debuted three days apart was not a coincidence. CBS had planned to show Royal Romance in December as a Hallmark-sponsored pre-Christmas film, but then moved the air date back to September, even before the official start of the new ratings season. ABC then jumped their movie ahead of CBS, so late in the game that TV Guide did not list it. When one reviewer asked to get a preview of either movie, he was told in one case "Are you kidding? They're still gluing the tape together."
Legacy
As is typical of television movies developed to leverage the popularity of current events, The Royal Romance of Charles and Diana has been called a "forgettable" movie with only occasional press references (such as that it was Oxenburg's acting debut). The movie has never been officially released on VHS or DVD. In 2012, the New York Times reported on a brief spat over the credits for the film, which is likely the most ever written about the movie since 1982, albeit about a minor issue. A dispute arose over whether Janet Grillo could properly claim a "story writer" credit, though it was agreed that she did co-write a story outline for the film.
In 2011, producer Linda Yellen returned to the well using the next generation of British royalty to direct the television movie William & Catherine: A Royal Romance.
References
External links
Full film online, YouTube.com
1982 television films
1982 films
1980s biographical drama films
1980s English-language films
American biographical drama films
CBS network films
Films about Diana, Princess of Wales
Biographical films about British royalty
Films directed by Peter Levin
1980s American films
Ain't Supposed to Die a Natural Death is a 1971 album by Melvin Van Peebles, featuring mostly spoken word poetry over music written by Van Peebles. Some of its material was used in later projects such as the stage musical of the same name and Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song. Note that this is an album of original material, not to be confused with the soundtrack LP released for the musical itself.
Track listing
All music and words by Melvin Van Peebles
Side One
"Three Boxes of Longs Please"
"You Ain't No Astronaut"
"Come On Feet Do Your Thing"
"Funky Girl On Motherless Broadway"
"Put a Curse On You"
Side Two
"I Got The Blood"
"You Gotta Be Holdin Out Five Dollars On Me"
"Heh Heh (Chuckle) Good Morning sunshine"
"Salamaggi's Birthday"
Personnel
Melvin Van Peebles - Vocals
Warren Smith - Drums, Percussion
Bross Townsend - Piano, Organ, Electric Harpsichord
Herb Bushler - Bass, Electric Bass, Violin, Tambourine
Carl Lynch - Guitar, Bass Guitar
Nat Woodward - Trumpet, Cornet
Al Gibbons, George Barrow - Tenor Saxophone, Soprano Saxophone
Howard Johnson - Baritone Saxophone, Flugelhorn, Tuba
Gene Radice - Engineer
Produced and Conceived by Melvin Van Peebles
Arranged and Conducted by Warren Smith
All words and music by Melvin Van Peebles, ASCAP, Almo Music Corp.
Art Director: Tom Wikes
Photography: Jim McCrary
Notes
1970 albums
Melvin Van Peebles albums
A&M Records albums
Mount Rennie () is a snow-covered mountain, 1,555 m, forming the central part of the ridge which extends southwestward from Mount Francais, in the south part of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago. Roughly surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1944 and resurveyed by them in 1955. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Alexander J. Rennie of FIDS, assistant surveyor at the Arthur Harbor station in 1955.
Mountains of the Palmer Archipelago
Kochaisa are a subdivision of the Kurmi caste.
In 18th century this community had migrated from Kutch, Gujarat province of India and settled in and around Patna, Bihar.
Caste
Social groups of Bihar
Hazim Abdulrasool Abdulridha (, born 1961) is an Iraqi wrestler. He competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Wrestlers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Iraqi male sport wrestlers
Olympic wrestlers of Iraq
Piz Daint is a supercomputer in the Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, named after the mountain Piz Daint in the Swiss Alps.
It was ranked 8th on the TOP500 ranking of supercomputers until the end of 2015, higher than any other supercomputer in Europe.
At the end of 2016, the computing performance of Piz Daint was tripled to reach 25 petaflops; it thus became the third most powerful supercomputer in the world. As of November 2021, Piz Daint is ranked 20th on the TOP500.
History
The original Piz Daint Cray XC30 system was installed in December 2012. This system was extended with Piz Dora, a Cray XC40 with 1,256 compute nodes, in 2013. In October 2016, Piz Daint and Piz Dora were upgraded and combined into the current Cray XC50/XC40 system featuring Nvidia Tesla P100 GPUs.
References
GPGPU supercomputers
Petascale computers
Science and technology in Switzerland
Supercomputing in Europe
X86 supercomputers
Paul Thellier (29 October 1899 – 29 August 1944) was a French politician who was Minister of Agriculture for a few months in 1936 and again in 1940.
Life
Paul Thellier was born on 29 October 1899 in Tangry, Pas-de-Calais.
He became a lawyer in 1921 joined the Bar of Lille.
He ran for election to the legislature in 1932 for the 8th district of Lille, but was defeated by the Socialist candidate.
He ran successfully in a by-election on 28 January 1934 in the district of Saint-Pol, and was reelected in the 1936 general elections. He sat with the Independent Republican group. He spoke several times in favor of interventionist agricultural policies.
On 24 January 1936 Thellier was appointed Minister of Agriculture in the cabinet of Albert Sarraut, and defended protectionist policies.
He left office on 4 June 1936 when the Popular Front government came to power. During World War II (1939-45) he was appointed Minister of Agriculture in the cabinet of Paul Reynaud.
On 10 July 1940 he voted for the constitutional change that gave full powers to Marshal Philippe Pétain.
During the German occupation of France he worked as an advocate.
On 28 August 1944 Thellier was arrested in Lille by agents of the "brigade des anges", a network created by the German army to learn about the composition of the allied armies.
He was wounded in the chest while trying to escape.
His doctor was taking him to the hospital when they were intercepted in Roubaix and the doctor was forced out of the car.
Theillier's corpse was found the next day in a burned car near Templeuve by the Belgian police.
On 10 October 1944 the Military Court of Lille sentenced three of the men responsible for his murder to death and the fourth to forced labor for life.
Notes
Sources
1899 births
1944 deaths
People from Pas-de-Calais
Politicians from Hauts-de-France
Democratic Republican Alliance politicians
French Ministers of Agriculture
Members of the 15th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 16th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
French people executed by Nazi Germany
Saint Nicholas's Church is a cultural heritage monument in Mušnikovo, Prizren, Kosovo.
History
Saint Nicholas's Church lies west of Mušnikovo, from Prizren. It is a one-nave rectangular church with a triangular apse facing eastward. The interior frescos point to construction in the 16th century from stone bound with lime mortar plastered on the outside under a two-layer stone slab roof. Two rectangular windows and two niches with semi-arched openings, one of each on the northern and one on the southern façade, are among the notable external features, along with a western annex still not opening to the older structure. The annex, like the main church, is rectangular and plastered white on the outside, but with the two-layer roof made instead of galvanized sheet metal. The reinforced concrete bell tower, with its four-layer clay tile roof, was built recently and faces westward from the annex. The churchyard doubles as the local cemetery.
References
Serbian Orthodox church buildings in Kosovo
Wokodot (Wo-ko'-dot) is a former Maidu village in Nevada County, California, that was located on the site of present-day Nevada City. It appears on a map published in 1905 by the American Museum of Natural History.
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
Maidu villages
Jimmy Connors was the defending champion but lost in the third round to José Higueras.
José Luis Clerc won in the final 6–3, 6–2 against Guillermo Vilas.
Seeds
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
External links
1981 ATP main draw
Singles
The Information School or iSchool of the University of Sheffield, in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England, was founded in 1963 as the University's Postgraduate School of Librarianship and became in 2010 the first UK iSchool. The School is ranked Number One in the World for Library and Information Management. Other names were the Postgraduate School of Librarianship and Information Science (PGSLIS, 1967–81) and Department of Information Studies (1981-2011). , it employs 33 academic staff, 16 administrative/support staff, 6 affiliated research staff, and has about 65 research students. The current head of school is Professor Val Gillet.
The department opened in 1964 as a library school, becoming only the second university-based department in the UK. Since then, like much information science departments it has grown to encompass teaching and research in cheminformatics, educational informatics, health informatics, information retrieval, information systems, knowledge and information management, as well as libraries and information society. Such is the status of the school, that it has twice been honoured with a special issue of the Journal of Information Science devoted entirely to the department, its staff and its research outputs.
Research achievements
The School is Number One in the World for Library and Information Studies in the QS World University Rankings 2021. The school has ranked highest or joint highest in its subject rating in every Research Assessment Exercise since the running of the first exercise in 1986. In this UK-government sponsored assessment of research outputs, no other department in its subject field (or its University) achieved this consistency; few departments of any subject area in UK universities managed such a high level of continuous research output (see the following links to the 1992, 1996, 2001 RAE results). In 2008, rankings of departments was left to news organizations; the Times Higher Education placed Sheffield at No. 1 again.
In 2008, an analysis of citations showed four of the ten most cited UK information studies academics were working in the Sheffield department. It is also the first UK-based (and 2nd European) department to become an iSchool.
Notable staff, past and present
Micheline Beaulieu - Chair of the Computing and Informatics Panel of the European Research Council (2008-2011)
Sheila Corrall - first President of Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals (CILIP), 2002-3:.
Michael Lynch, chemoinformatics specialist
Wilfred Saunders, Founding Director of the Postgraduate School of Librarianship, Sheffield
Bob Usherwood - President of the Library Association, 1998; fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.
Steve Whittaker - inducted into the SIGCHI academy in 2008.
Paul Clough - Head of Information Retrieval Research Group
Peter Willett - leading researcher in cheminformatics.
Tom Wilson - recipient of the 2009 ASIS&T SIG USE award for "outstanding contributions to information behavior" and Association for Information Science and Technology (ASIS&T) Award of Merit, 2017.
Notable alumni
Michael Buckland - Emeritus Professor at the University of California—Berkeley School of Information and Co-Director of the Electronic Cultural Atlas Initiative
John McTernan - Director of Political Operations at 10 Downing Street under Tony Blair.
Alasdair Paterson - poet, winner of the 1975 Eric Gregory Award for poetry.
Hatoon Kadi - Saudi Arabian comedian and activist who hosts the Noon Al Niswa comedy show on YouTube.
References
Further reading
Saunders, W. L., ed. University and Research Library Studies: some contributions from the University of Sheffield Post-graduate School of Librarianship and Information Science. Oxford: Pergamon Press, 1968
External links
University of Sheffield Information School home page
University of Sheffield
Information schools
Library science education
The Greater Kokstad Local Municipality council consists of nineteen members elected by mixed-member proportional representation. Ten councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in ten wards, while the remaining nine are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received.
In the election of 3 August 2016 the African National Congress (ANC) won a majority of thirteen seats on the council. The ANC retained its majority in the election of 1 November 2021, winning twelve seats.
Results
The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections.
December 2000 election
The following table shows the results of the 2000 election.
March 2006 election
The following table shows the results of the 2006 election.
May 2011 election
The following table shows the results of the 2011 election.
August 2016 election
The following table shows the results of the 2016 election.
November 2021 election
The following table shows the results of the 2021 election.
References
Greater Kokstad
Elections in KwaZulu-Natal
Düdenköy is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Manya may refer to:
Manya (actress), an Indian actress
Manya, Victoria, a locality in Australia
Manya language, spoken in Guinea
, a ship
See Also
Mánya (disambiguation)
The timeline of Jorhat lists the important historical dates for the town of Jorhat in Assam.
Timeline
1700-1800
1800-1900
1900-2000
2000-present
History of Assam
Jorhat
Histories of cities in India
Jorhat
Josh Bycel is a television writer/producer. He has worked on such shows as Veronica's Closet, It's All Relative, Andy Barker P.I., and American Dad!. He was hired as the executive producer and co-showrunner (along with Bill Lawrence) for the final season of Scrubs. He was most recently a writer and executive producer on Happy Endings, The Big Show Show, and Solar Opposites. Bycel once wrote column for The Huffington Post in 2016.
Writer
2020: Solar Opposites (writer/executive producer)
The Booster Manifold
The Lake House Device
The Solar Opposites Almost Get An Xbox
The Gargoyle Ray
The Fog of Pupa
2020: The Big Show Show (writer/executive producer)
Prototype
The Big Brain
2018: LA to Vegas (writer)
Things to Do in Vegas When You're Grounded
2011–13: Happy Endings (writer/executive producer)
Sabado Free-Gante
Four Weddings and a Funeral (Minus Three Weddings and One Funeral
The Code War
Blax, Snake, Home
Your Couples Friend & Neighbors
The Quicksand Girlfriend
2009–10: Scrubs (co-head writer/showrunner) (season 9)
Our Drunken Friend
The Guy's Manual (TV pilot) (creator)
2007–09: Psych
Any Given Friday Night at 10PM, 9PM Central
The Greatest Adventure in the History of Basic Cable
There's Something About Mira
And Down the Stretch Comes Murder
2006–07: American Dad!
The Vacation Goo
Camp Refoogee
2007: Andy Barker, P.I.
The Big No Sleep
2006: The 78th Annual Academy Awards - contributing writer
2004: Father of the Pride
2003–04. It's All Relative
Who's Camping Now
Swangate
Take Me Out
2003:Kid Notorious
The F-You Soup
2002:Do Over
Star Search
2000: Bette
I Love This Game
In My Life
1998–99: Veronica's Closet
Veronica's Sliding Doors
Veronica Plays House
Veronica's Great Model Search
Producer
20. The Big Show Show - executive producer
11-12. Happy Endings - co-executive producer
09-10. Scrubs - executive producer/co-showrunner (season 9)
The Guy's Manual - executive producer
07-09. Psych - co-executive producer (season 3)/supervising producer (season 2)
06-07. American Dad! - supervising producer
07 Andy Barker P.I. - consulting producer
03-04. It's All Relative - producer
03. Kid Notorious - consulting producer
02. Do Over - co-producer
00. Bette - co-producer
References
American television producers
American television writers
American male television writers
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Morombe is an urban municipality (commune urbaine) on the south-west coast in Atsimo-Andrefana, Madagascar.
It can be reached by the National road 55 or pirogue from Morondava. It is situated at 283 km from Tulear.
An airport serves the town.
Television
For 17 years now there is no television available in Morombe. At the time the transmitter broke down, the director took it to Tulear and later to Antananarivo but it was never returned.
See also
Morondava
Kirindy Mitea National Park
Mikea Forest
Roman Catholic Diocese of Morombe
References
Populated places in Atsimo-Andrefana
Anthea Sylbert (born October 6, 1937) is an American film producer and costume designer, who was active during the "modern era" of American film. She was nominated twice for Academy Awards for Best Costume Design, first at the 47th Academy Awards for Chinatown (1974), and then at the 50th Academy Awards for her work on Julia (1977). In addition, she has more than ten credits as producer or executive producer, including for such works as CrissCross (1991) and the television film Truman (1995), the latter of which earned Sylbert an Emmy. At the 7th Annual Costume Designers Guild Awards in 2005, Sylbert was an honoree, receiving the Lacoste Career Achievement award for film.
Biography
Early life and education
Anthea Sylbert was born Anthea Gianna Kouros in Brooklyn, New York, on October 6, 1939, to what has been described as a "close-knit Greek family". She was interested in artistic activities as a child, and is reported to have learned to sew from a grandmother. Kouros studied art at Barnard College.
Career
Following her long period of costume design work, Sylbert took on executive production management roles at the vice president level, first at Warner Borothers, then at United Artists, where she was known, in particular, for her skills at conflict resolution when filmmakers were at odds with the studios. After this period, she began a deep partnership with Goldie Hawn, beginning with the film Private Benjamin (1980). Ultimately, the two of them created the Hawn/Sylvebert Movie Company, which produced a number of films, including Protocol (1984) and Something to Talk About (1995).
Filmography
The following is Anthea Sylbert's list of credits, primarily as reported by the British Film Institute.
Producing
1999, If You Believe
1998, Giving up the Ghost (teleplay)
1997, Hope
1995, Truman
1995, Something to Talk About
1991, Deceived
1991, Crisscross
1990, My Blue Heaven
1987, Overboard
1986, Wildcats
1984, Protocol
Costumes and costume design
1978, F.I.S.T.
1977, Julia
1976, The Last Tycoon
1976, King Kong
1975, Shampoo
1974, Chinatown
1974, The Fortune
1972, Bad Company
1971, The Cowboys
1971, Carnal Knowledge
1969, The Illustrated Man
1968, Rosemary's Baby
Other credits
2008, Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired, on-screen participant
1999, If You Believe, writer, with Richard Romanus
1976, Mikey and Nicky, visual consultant
Work on Chinatown
Sylbert worked with Chinatown (1974) from its early days after her brother-in-law Richard Sylbert introduced and recommended her to director Roman Polanski. Sylber was affectionately known in that close-working, small group of accomplished film-makers as Ant for her penchant for "stringently straight" dark skirts and black turtlenecks. Sylbert was known to be "utterly unafraid to speak truth, no matter how ugly, to anyone, no matter how powerful". Her work was described as breaking with past in its aim at being, "not for beauty or for chic", but rather "to amplify character". Sylbert was nominated for the 1975 Academy Award for Best Costume Design for her work on the film.
Work on Julia
Sylbert was nominated for the 1978 Academy Award for Best Costume Design for her work on the film Julia (1977).
Awards and recognition
In addition to the 1975 and 1978 Academy Award nominations for best costume design, Sylbert won an Emmy for her production of Truman (1995). In 1999, Sylbert and Richard Romanus were nominated for Best Original Screenplay by the Writers Guild of America for the Christmas film If You Believe. Sylbert was an honoree at the 7th Annual Costume Designers Guild Awards (in 2005), where she received the Lacoste Career Achievement award for film.
Personal life
Sylbert has been married to actor and writer Richard Romanus since August 11, 1985. In 2004, Sylbert and Romanus moved to the Greek island of Skiathos.
References
Additional reading
External links
1939 births
Living people
American costume designers
Artists from New York City
Emmy Award winners
The 2018 European Sumo Championships took place in Plovdiv (Bulgaria). from April 26 to 30, 2018. The European Sumo Federation and the Bulgarian Sumo Federation.
Medal overview (U23 Men's)
Medal overview (Senior Men)
Medal overview (U23 Women's)
Medal overview (Senior Women)
References
External links
European Sumo Federation (EFS)
Russia Sumo Federation (RFS)
POLSKI ZWIĄZEK SUMO
Sumo competitions
2018 in Bulgarian sport
sumo
Sport in Plovdiv
International sports competitions hosted by Bulgaria
Alexander Cox may refer to:
Alexander Cox (cricketer)
Alexander Cox (field hockey)
Alex Cox, an English film director
This is a partial list of pinball manufacturers of past and present organized alphabetically by name. The article only includes producers of pinball machines at least in a small series which excludes makers of single unit custom pinball machines.
Present
American Pinball
Chicago Gaming Company
Dutch Pinball
Haggis Pinball
Homepin Taiwan Co. Ltd.
Jersey Jack Pinball
Multimorphic Inc
Pawlowski Pinball
Penny K Pinball
Phenix Pinball (French Company)
Quetzal Pinball
Spooky Pinball
Stern Pinball
Team Pinball
Pinball Brothers
Pinball Adventures
Past
Allied Leisure (Centuri)
Alvin G
Atari
Bally Manufacturing
Bill Port
Capcom Coin-Op, a subsidiary of Capcom
Centro Matic
Coffee-Mat
Chicago Coin
Data East
Exhibit Supply Company
Fascination Int., Inc (Allied Leisure)
Game Plan
Genco
Gottlieb
Hankin
Heighway Pinball
Inder
InterFlip/Recreativos Franco
Jennings & Company
Jeutel pinball
LTD of Brazil
Nordamatic
Nuova Bell/Bell Games
Maresa
Mirco Games
Midway Games
Pinstar
Mr. Game
Peyper
Playmatic
Rally Play
Recel/Petaco
Sega Pinball
Sega, S.A. SONIC
Spinball S.A.L.
SunCoast Pinball
Taito of Brazil
United Manufacturing
tecnoplay
The Valley Company
Viza
Wico
Williams Electronics / WMS Industries
Zaccaria
Zidware
See also
List of pinball machines
Glossary of pinball terms
External links
The Internet Pinball Machine Database with a list of more than 700 pinball manufacturers
Pinball
The Japanese manga Slam Dunk was written and illustrated by Takehiko Inoue. The series tells the story of a teenager named Hanamichi Sakuragi who becomes a basketball player from the Shohoku High School basketball team in order to make Haruko Akagi, a girl he likes, fall in love with him. However, as he learns more about basketball and plays several games, he starts liking the sport.
The series was originally published in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump since the issue 40 from 1990 until the issue 27 from 1996. The 276 individual chapters were originally collected in 31 tankōbon editions under Shueisha's Jump Comics imprint, with the first volume being published on February 8, 1991 and volume 31 on October 3, 1996. It was later reassembled in 24 kanzenban volumes from March 19, 2001 to February 2, 2002. A 20 volume shinsōban edition was published between June 1, 2018 and September 1, 2018.
In 2004, Inoue produced an epilogue titled Slam Dunk: 10 Days After, which was drawn on 23 chalkboards in the former campus of the now-defunct Misaki High School located in the Kanagawa Prefecture, which was held for public exhibition from December 3 to December 5. The epilogue, along with coverage of the event, was reprinted in the February 2005 issue of Switch magazine. Toei Animation also adapted the manga into an anime series which premiered in Japan on October 23, 1993, and ended on March 23, 1996.
In North America, an English version of Slam Dunk was published by the now-defunct Gutsoon! Entertainment, which serialized the title in their manga anthology Raijin Comics from 2002 to 2004. Five collected volumes were published under Gutsoon's Raijin Graphic Novels imprint. They were released from July 2, 2003 until May 5, 2004. After Gutsoon! went out of business, the license for the Slam Dunk was purchased by Viz Media, which published a preview of the series in the December 2007 issue of the North American edition of Shonen Jump. Slam Dunk began serialization in the magazine, starting with the May 2008 issue, as well as in tankōbon format with the first being published on September 2, 2008. As of December 3, 2013, Viz has released all thirty-one volumes of the series.
Volume list
Notes
References
Slam Dunk
Chapters
Anthony Hooper may refer to:
Sir Anthony Robin Maurice Hooper (1918–1987), of the Hooper baronets
Tony Hooper (1943–2020), English singer-songwriter
Anthony Hooper (judge) (born 1937), member of the British Privy Council
Juniper Hill is a hamlet in the civil parish of Cottisford in Oxfordshire, England, south of Brackley in neighbouring Northamptonshire.
Juniper Hill was named after the common juniper, Juniperus communis, which originally grew in the area. In 1754, there were only two cottages in the area, but on the 1841 census there are 16 households in the village, and by 1901 25. The local inn, established about 1860, was the Fox.
Flora Thompson was born in Juniper Hill in 1876. She fictionalised the hamlet as Lark Rise in her Lark Rise to Candleford trilogy.
References
Further reading
Hamlets in Oxfordshire
WTKM may refer to:
WTKM-FM, a radio station (104.9 FM) licensed to serve Hartford, Wisconsin, United States
WPTT (AM), a radio station (1540 AM) licensed to serve Hartford, Wisconsin, which held the call sign WTKM from 1951 to 2017
The Penibaetic System ( or Cordillera Penibética) is the southernmost of the three systems of mountain ranges of the Baetic System in the southern Iberian Peninsula. It includes the highest point in the peninsula, 3,478 m high Mulhacén in the Sierra Nevada.
Geography
The Penibaetic System runs along the south coast of Andalusia, from the province of Cádiz, across the province of Granada, into the Region of Murcia until reaching the Campo de Cartagena. Along its northern side, across the intermontane basins known as the Hoya de Baza and the Hoya de Guadix, runs the Subbaetic System.
The Intrabaetic Basin (), a discontinuous series of valleys, separates the Cordillera Penibética from the Cordillera Subbética in the north.
Mountain ranges
The main mountain ranges that make up the Penibaetic complex are, from west to east, the Serranía de Ronda, the Sierra de Grazalema, the Sierra de Tejeda, Sierra de Almijara, the Sierra Nevada, the Sierra de la Contraviesa, the Sierra de Gádor, the Sierra de Baza, and the Sierra de los Filabres.
The following list includes lesser ranges:
Sierra Carbonera
Sierra de Enmedio (Cádiz)
Sierra de Grazalema
Sierra de las Nieves
Sierra Bermeja
Rock of Gibraltar
Sierra de Alcaparaín
Cordillera Antequerana
Sierra de la Pizarra
Sierra del Valle de Abdalajís
Sierra Huma
Sierra Llana
Sierra de Chimeneas
Sierra de las Cabras
Sierra del Co, Peña Negra, 1337 m
Sierra Gorda
Sierra de San Jorge
Peña de los Enamorados
Sierra de Utrera
Sierra de Cártama
Montes de Málaga
Gibralfaro
Sierra Crestellina
Sierra Blanca
Sierra Alpujata, Cerro Castillejos, 1,074 m
Sierra de Mijas
Sierra de Enmedio (Málaga)
Sierra de Camarolos
Sierra del Jobo
Sierra de Alhama
Sierra de Tejeda, La Maroma, 2,066 m
Sierra de Almijara
Sierra Nevada, Mulhacén, 3,480 m
Sierra de la Alfaguara
Sierra de Lújar
Sierra de la Contraviesa
Sierra de Gádor, Morrón de la Lagunilla, 2,249 m
Sierra de Baza
Cerro Jabalcón
Sierra de los Filabres, Calar Alto, 2,168 m
Sierra de las Estancias
Sierra de Alhamilla, Pico Colativí, 1,387 m
Sierra Espuña
Sierra de Enmedio (Puerto Lumbreras)
See also
Baetic System
Intrabaetic Basin
References
External links
A map of the range on Encarta.com
Las grandes unidades del relieve - La Depresión del Guadalquivir y sus adyacentes
Mountain ranges of Andalusia
Mountain ranges of the Region of Murcia
Ewan Park is an English wheelchair curler.
Competitions
He competed in the 2002 World Wheelchair Championships.
Teams
References
External links
Living people
English male curlers
English wheelchair curlers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Aandavan is an Indian Malayalam-language film directed by Akbar Jose and starring Kalabhavan Mani, Sindhu Menon and Jagathy Sreekumar. The film was telecasted on Mazhavil Manorama.
Plot
This movie revolves around Aandavan, a thief from the slum of Cochin.
Cast
Kalabhavan Mani as Aandavan
Sindhu Menon as S.I Sreerekha
Jagathy Sreekumar as K.Parasmeswara Panikker
Salim Kumar as Mayinkutti
Irshad as Const.Rameshan
Kulappuli Leela as Mariyamma
Bijukuttan as Bhaskaran
Seema G. Nair as Sarasu
Narayanankutty as Narayankutty
Indrans as Chandran
Chali Pala as S.I Gangadharan
Ponnamma Babu
T. S. Raju as Aandavan's father
Boban Alummoodan
Kulappulli Leela as Mariyama
Anand as C.I Sadashivan Paniker
Priyanka
Nivia Rebin
Reception
Nowrunning wrote that "Andavan is as formulaic an action flick as has ever graced the silver screen. It's in reality a series of pointless fights, murders, verbal aggression and plenty of bloodshed frantically on the hunt for an interesting storyline". Indiaglitz wrote that "`Aandavan' is a regular Kalabhavan Mani affair -yet another take which glorify one-man vigilant justice. And as usual with his films, this too remains unsurprising and predictable to the core. In an obvious attempt at making a formulaic masala movie, the creators come up with another that turns out far from satisfactory".
References
2008 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
John Monds (born June 17, 1965) is an American politician and activist. He was the Libertarian nominee for Governor of Georgia in 2010. He was the first African American to appear on the general election ballot for Governor of Georgia.
In 2008, Monds became the first Libertarian Party candidate in both Georgia and the rest of the United States to receive over 1,000,000 votes, when he ran for the Statewide office of Public Service Commission District 1 seat.
Monds received 1,076,726 votes for 33.4% of the vote in a two-way race with only a Republican opponent. His vote total was the highest number of votes that a Libertarian candidate had ever received in a United States election at any level, until Gary Johnson received 1,139,562 votes in the 2012 presidential election. Governor Johnson four years later drew, as noted in Wikipedia, 4,489,341 votes. Monds also received the highest percentage ever of the vote for a Libertarian in a statewide race until Ricky Dale Harrington Jr. received a slightly higher percentage in the 2020 United States Senate election in Arkansas.
On January 27, 2020, Monds filed his candidacy for the Libertarian nomination for President of the United States in the 2020 election. He was eliminated on the third ballot during the Libertarian Party's first-of-its-kind online national convention on May 23; Jo Jorgensen won the nomination in the fourth round.
Background
Monds is a 1983 graduate of J.M. Tate High School in Gonzalez, Florida and a 1987 graduate of Morehouse College in Atlanta, Georgia where he received a bachelor's degree in banking and finance. Monds and his wife, Kathaleena Edward Monds, live in Cairo, Georgia and have four children, Akintunde, Cazembe, Halima and Malik.
Recognitions
Monds earned the 2002 Superior Service Award and the 2003 Omega Man of the Year Award – both from the Mu Beta Beta Chapter of Omega Psi Phi fraternity. In 2003 he earned the Superior Service Award from the aforementioned fraternity's state organization. In 2005 he was named Man of the Year by the Grady County NAACP.
Civic and political activities
In his capacity as a member and President of the Grady County NAACP, Monds has held financial literacy classes for the Holder Park Summer Program, helped implement the Freedom Day Health Fair and advocated for citizens who believed they had been treated unjustly. He is a twenty-year member of the Omega Psi Phi fraternity and has held various leadership positions on the local and state level including President of the Mu Beta Beta chapter. Monds also serves on the Grady County Planning Commission, Grady County Habitat for Humanity board, the Libertarian Party of Georgia Executive Committee and the Grady County Fine Arts Project.
Election results
References
External links
Monds2020.com, official presidential campaign site
NolanChart: Monds wins a million votes in Georgia
Libertarian Party of Georgia
GA Secretary of State's Office Election Results
1965 births
Living people
21st-century African-American politicians
21st-century American politicians
Activists from Georgia (U.S. state)
African-American people in Georgia (U.S. state) politics
Candidates in the 2010 United States elections
Candidates in the 2020 United States presidential election
Georgia (U.S. state) Libertarians
Morehouse College alumni
NAACP activists
20th-century African-American people
Si Thep (, ) is the southernmost district (amphoe) of Phetchabun province, Thailand, in the valley of the Pa Sak River. Si Thep, now on a tentative list of UN World Heritage Sites, is Thailand's largest ancient city.
History
The district was created on 13 December 1970 as a minor district (king amphoe) with territory from Wichian Buri district. It was upgraded to Si Thep District on 8 August 1976.
The ancient city of Si Thep was built in the Dvaravati era. Prince Damrong found the area of the old city in 1905 when he visited Monthon Phetchabun. It is now Si Thep Historical Park.
Geography
Si Thep is on a dry highland surrounded by waterways and floodplains bordered by mountains on both sides. To ensure sufficient water for city use, ancient Si Thep had an elaborate system of ponds, tank moats, and a hydraulic system to bring water from higher grounds to sustain the city.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Wichian Buri of Phetchabun Province, and Lam Sonthi, Chai Badan, and Khok Charoen of Lopburi province.
Administration
The district is divided into seven sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 93 villages (mubans). The township (thesaban tambon) Sawang Watthana covers parts of tambon Sa Kruat. There are seven tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
References
External links
Si Thep Historical Park by Finearts
Si Thep
Dvaravati
Henriette Amelie de Nerha (Brussels, Austrian Netherlands, 1754 - Amsterdam, 19 June 1818), was a Dutch memoir writer, known for her relationship with Honoré Gabriel Riqueti, comte de Mirabeau. She was also a letter writer and corresponded with among others the famous Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette. Her correspondence is preserved in the royal library and national archives of the Netherlands.
References
http://www.inghist.nl/Onderzoek/Projecten/DVN/lemmata/data/Nerha
1754 births
1818 deaths
Dutch memoirists
18th-century Dutch women writers
Writers of the Austrian Netherlands
Women memoirists
18th-century Dutch writers
Women of the Austrian Netherlands
Anywhere but Home is the first live album and video release by American rock band Evanescence, released on November 23, 2004, by Wind-up Records. It includes all four of their Fallen music videos, an hour of behind the scenes features, and a recording of a concert at Le Zénith in Paris. It also includes a previously unreleased song on the CD release, titled "Missing" (which also plays during the DVD credits); while placed at the end of the disc, the CD insert shows it as track eight however it is actually track 14 and incorrectly labeled "Whisper".
Background
Anywhere but Home was filmed during Evanescence's concert at Le Zénith in Paris on May 25, 2004. The tour supported the album Fallen (2003) and every song from that album except "Hello" was performed at that show. However, three new songs were released on Anywhere but Home, including "Missing", "Breathe No More" (which was featured on the soundtrack to the 2005 film Elektra), and "Farther Away".
Controversy
In December 2004, Trevin and Melanie Skeens of Maryland, who had bought the album for their thirteen-year-old daughter, filed a class action lawsuit against Wal-Mart after hearing the word "fuck" sung during the song "Thoughtless", a cover of a Korn song. The lawsuit claimed that while the album contained this explicit word, there was no Parental Advisory sticker on the package. It also claimed that this album violated Wal-Mart's policy of not stocking music with explicit lyrics, and that the company had to be aware of the problem because the word was dubbed out of a free sample on the Walmart.com website. The lawsuit was resolved by court order of a deal which would allow those people who bought the album at a Maryland Wal-Mart location to receive a refund. Some copies have the Parental Advisory notice, yet other copies are still sold without it now.
Extras
A secret performance of "Bring Me to Life" in Las Vegas, Nevada can be found on the DVDs main menu by moving the cursor to the largest thorn on the left-hand side of the screen. The band symbol then becomes visible. When selected, this will take the user to the hidden footage.
Reception
Johny Loftus of AllMusic graded the album with three and a half out of five stars. He said that the album "reasserts Amy Lee's position at Evanescence's center. Throughout the band's rise, there was the drama... but there was always the singular force of Lee, whose powerful vocals, strident public persona, and striking fashion sense broke down the doors of the alternative metal boys club." He finished his review by saying, "Appropriately, Lee is the star of Anywhere but Home. Her voice has an impressively raw quality live, and her banter with the fawning Parisian crowd is always engaging." Geoff Barton of Classic Rock graded Anywhere but Home with four out of five stars.
On the Billboard 200, the album debuted at number 39 on December 11, 2004, selling 59,000 copies in its first week. On the Spanish DVD Chart, Anywhere but Home debuted at number one for the week ending November 28, 2004; it became the best-selling music DVD of 2004 in Spain.
Track listing
CD
DVD
Concert
58 minutes
"Haunted (intro)"
"Haunted"
"Going Under"
"Taking Over Me"
"Everybody's Fool"
"Thoughtless" (Korn cover)
"My Last Breath"
"Farther Away"
"Breathe No More"
"My Immortal"
"Bring Me to Life"
"Tourniquet"
"Imaginary"
"Whisper"
Music videos
17 minutes
"My Immortal"
"Everybody's Fool"
"Bring Me to Life"
"Going Under"
Behind the scenes
1 hour
"Life on the Road"
"Showtime"
"Bloopers"
"Evanescence Unleashed"
End credits: "Missing"
Extra
5 minutes
"Bring Me to Life" (Live in Las Vegas, included as an Easter egg)
Personnel
Amy Lee – vocals, piano
Rocky Gray – drums
John LeCompt – guitar, vocals on "Bring Me to Life"
Terry Balsamo – guitar
William Boyd – bass
Charts
Weekly charts
Album
Video
Year-end charts
Video
Album
Certifications
! colspan="3"| Album
|-
</ref>}}
! colspan="3"| Video
|-
Notes
References
2004 live albums
2004 video albums
Albums produced by Dave Fortman
Alternative metal video albums
Evanescence albums
Live alternative metal albums
Live video albums
Wind-up Records live albums
Wind-up Records video albums
Merkez Park () is a urban park that is located on both banks of the Seyhan River in Adana. The larger portion of the park, , is on the west bank.
Merkez Park starts just north of Sabancı Mosque and extends north to Galleria Shopping Mall. On the west of the park there is Fuzuli Street. On the east bank, the park starts north of the Sheraton Hotel (under construction) and extends north to the Acqualand Entertainment Center. On the east, the park is bordered with Hacı Sabancı Boulevard. Sinanpaşa and Yavuzlar footbridges connect both sections of the park.
History
A large portion of the area of the west bank of today's Merkez Park was a citrus garden. South of the garden, there was a neighborhood of shanty homes. At the very south, just north of D-400 State road, there was the Central Bus Terminal on the riverside, and the Archaeology Museum (which is still there) and a gas station on the street side. North of the garden up to the old dam, was a reserve land for floods which used to happen frequently until the 1950s. On the east bank, there was a neighborhood of shanty homes and a large area of vacant land.
The idea to create a large urban park on the banks of the Seyhan River was first included in the city plan in 1988 by the mayor, Aytaç Durak. Named Merkez Park, it was planned to be built in an area from north of D-400 State road to the old dam. The project was presented to the public at the art gallery of the Municipal Hall. The first step to take was to relocate the Central Bus Terminal which was just north of D-400 State road. The Central Bus Terminal was moved to the west end of the city.
At the 1989 local elections, Selahattin Çolak was elected mayor, and he reversed the project. Although river banks are zoned as construction-free areas by laws, a large shopping mall was approved for the area just south of the Demirköprü bridge. On the area north of Demirköprü, Selahattin Çolak built a large amphitheater, named Mimar Sinan Amphitheater.
At the 1994 local elections, Aytaç Durak was elected mayor for a second term. He had to modify the original plan of Merkez Park due to the constructions in the project area. The modified project resumed by re-zoning the neighborhood within the project area. There were around 100 homes in the area and demolition of the homes started in 1998. During this period, the Sinanpaşa footbridge was built to connect both banks of the Seyhan River. Sabancı Mosque, at the corner of Seyhan bridge, was completed in 1998.
Before the construction of Merkez Park, a citywide recreational pathway was completed on both banks of the Seyhan River. Park construction started by building the major pathway of the park from Galleria to Sabancı Mosque. Citrus trees were completely removed and converted into multi-functional green areas. The gas station next to the Archaeology Museum was moved to another location and the park was extended towards Sabancı Mosque. An underground car park was built at the area between Sabancı Mosque and the museum. The ground was set as green area. The construction of the west bank of the park was fully completed in 2008.
Landscaping
Merkez Park is well landscaped and carries a wide variety of trees and plants in an open concept. There are 67 species of trees and bushes, 40 species of cactuses, aromatic and ground covering plants. The number of total plants exceeds 400 thousand. Some of the plants that were brought from Italy are shaped as animal figures. Within the park there are 12 ponds and a playground for children including the disabled. At the section for the youth there is a skating court, ground chess and mini amphitheater. Viewing terraces are built on a higher level and there are also circular shaped resting terraces. There are also running and cycling paths between the park and Fuzuli Street.
A 2100-seat amphitheater at the north of the park hosts concerts and movie theatres. Next to the amphitheater, there is a quay for river boats. A rowing club located inside Merkez Park provides rowing at the river.
References
Urban public parks
Parks in Adana
A microphone is an acoustic-to-electric transducer or sensor that converts sound into an electrical signal.
Microphone may also refer to:
"Microphone" (Darin song)
"Microphone" (Slaughterhouse song)
Microphone (film), a 2010 Egyptian independent film
"Microphone" a song by 98 Degrees from their 2013 studio album 2.0
Microphone Records, a Latvian record label and distribution company
Küstrin-Kietz station is a railway station in the municipality of Küstrin-Kietz in the Märkisch-Oderland district of Brandenburg, Germany. It is served by trains operated by the privately owned Niederbarnimer Eisenbahn between Berlin-Ostkreuz and Kostrzyn nad Odrą (Poland), via Müncheberg (Mark) and Werbig (line RB 26, the Oderlandbahn).
References
1877 establishments in Prussia
Buildings and structures in Märkisch-Oderland
Railway stations in Brandenburg
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1877
The Smoke-Free Air Act is a smoking ban that came into effect in New Jersey, United States, on April 15, 2006. This law prohibits smoking in most indoor public places and work places.
Exemptions
Casino floors
Cigar bars and lounges which make 15% of their income from tobacco products.
Tobacco retail establishments.
Up to 20% of the rooms in a hotel or motel.
Penalties
A person or business in violation of the law:
$250 first offense
$500 second offense
$1000 for each subsequent offense
Smoke-free casinos
The Act exempted casinos from the ban for an earlier version of the Act without the casino exemption was repealed. For anti-smoking groups are still seeking to remove the casino exemption, the Atlantic City Council passed local ordinance #86, an ordinance that restricts smoking within casinos to only 25% of the casino floor.
See also
List of smoking bans in the United States
References
External links
NJDHSS website for the Smoke-Free Air Act
New Jersey statutes
Tobacco control
Smoking in the United States
2006 in American law
2006 in New Jersey
Health in New Jersey
Robert Jocelyn, 1st Earl of Roden (baptised 31 July 1731 – 21 June 1797) was an Irish peer and politician. He was the only son of Robert Jocelyn, 1st Viscount Jocelyn and his first wife Charlotte Anderson.
Jocelyn was MP for Old Leighlin from 1743 to 1756 and Auditor-General of the Exchequer from 1750 until his death.
He succeeded to the peerage on the death of his father on 3 December 1756, and on 1 December 1771, he was created Earl of Roden, of High Roding in County Tipperary. On the death of his cousin, Sir Conyers Jocelyn, 4th Bt, of Hyde Hall, Hertford, he also succeeded to the baronetcy.
Family
On 11 December 1752, he married Lady Anne Hamilton (1730-1803), daughter of James Hamilton, 1st Earl of Clanbrassill and his wife Henrietta Bentinck, daughter of William Bentinck, 1st Earl of Portland. The marriage was a happy one, and gave great pleasure to his father, who had been deeply saddened by his own wife's death.
He died in York Street, Dublin. He was succeeded by his eldest son, Robert Jocelyn, 2nd Earl of Roden, best remembered for the crucial, if somewhat ruthless, role he played in putting down the Irish Rebellion of 1798. The Dowager Countess, who spent much of her later life at her old home at Tollymore, County Down, describes the events of 1798 vividly in her diary.
The Jocelyns had eleven children in all. Their third son Percy Jocelyn became Bishop of Clogher, but his career was ruined by a notorious sex scandal in 1822, and he lived out his life under an assumed name. His disgrace is known to have profoundly affected the mental state of Lord Castlereagh, who apparently developed a paranoid delusion that he was to be charged in connection with the Jocelyn case: this is thought to have been a major factor in Castlereagh's suicide.
References
|-
1731 births
1791 deaths
Irish MPs 1727–1760
Jocelyn, Robert Jocelyn, Viscount
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
Earls of Roden
Basileuterus is a genus of New World warblers, best represented in Central and South America. This is one of only two warbler genera that are well represented in the latter continent. Some species formerly considered in this genus are now placed in the genus Myiothlypis. It is likely that the ancestors of this genus colonised South America from the family's heartland in northern Central America even before the two continents were linked, and subsequent speciation provided most of the resident warbler species of that region.
These are mainly robust warblers with a stout bill. The majority of species have olive or grey upperparts and yellow underparts. The head is often strikingly marked with a long broad supercilium, a coloured crown or crown stripes, and often other striking head markings.
Many species are not well-studied, but those for which the breeding habits are known all build a domed nest on a bank or on the ground, so this is presumably typical of the genus as a whole.
Taxonomy
Formerly, the two members of the genus Phaeothlypis were sometimes included in Basileuterus.
Species
Gray-headed warbler, Basileuterus griseiceps
Golden-crowned warbler, Basileuterus culicivorus
White-bellied warbler, Basileuterus culicivorus hypoleucus
Three-banded warbler, Basileuterus trifasciatus
Rufous-capped warbler, Basileuterus rufifrons
Chestnut-capped warbler, Basileuterus delattrii
Golden-browed warbler, Basileuterus belli
Black-cheeked warbler, Basileuterus melanogenys
Pirre warbler, Basileuterus ignotus
Three-striped warbler, Basileuterus tristriatus
Black-eared warbler, Basileuterus melanotis
Tacarcuna warbler, Basileuterus tacarcunae
Fan-tailed warbler, Basileuterus lachrymosus
References
Curson, Quinn and Beadle, New World Warblers
Stiles and Skutch, A Guide to the Birds of Costa Rica
External links
Basileuterus videos, photos and sounds on the Internet Bird Collection
Parulidae
Bird genera
Higher-level bird taxa restricted to the Neotropics
Hugh Sempill, 12th Lord Sempill (after 16 May 1688 – 25 November 1746) was a Scottish soldier.
Life
He was the fifth son of Francis Abercromby, Lord Glasfoord by his wife Anne Sempill, 9th Lady Sempill, daughter of Robert Sempill, 7th Lord Sempill.
He went early into the Army, and was adjutant to Colonel Preston's Regiment of Foot 1 December 1708, ensign in the same regiment July 1709, and served at the Battle of Malplaquet. He was promoted captain 12 July 1712 and was placed on half-pay in 1713. In 1715 he was appointed captain in Brigadier-General Grant's Regiment, and promoted major on 5 April 1718.
On 17 February 1727 Hugh Sempill succeeded his brother John Sempill, 11th Lord Sempill as Lord Sempill. That year he sold the estates of Elliotstoun and Castle Sempill, purchasing the estate of North Barr in 1741.
Sempill was made lieutenant-colonel of the 19th Regiment of Foot on 12 July 1731, and succeeded the Earl of Crawford as colonel of the Black Watch on 14 January 1741. He was in command when the regiment mutinied in 1743, and followed them that year to Flanders, where they highly distinguished themselves. He received allowances to enable the officers belonging to the corps to provide themselves with baggage horses upon their going to Flanders. He commanded in the town of Aeth when it was besieged by the French, and that regiment made a gallant defence.
Appointed colonel of the 25th Regiment of Foot on 9 April 1745, Sempill was promoted brigadier-general 9 June 1745. At the Battle of Culloden on 16 April 1746 he commanded the left wing of the royal army. In the middle of August following he arrived at Aberdeen and assumed the command of the troops stationed in that quarter. He died there on 25 November 1746. His remains were interred in the Drum Aisle in the West Church of that city on 1 December following.
Family
Lord Sempill was married on 13 May 1718 to Sarah, daughter of Nathaniel Gaskell of Manchester. They had five sons, including John Sempill, 13th Lord Sempill, and six daughters, the eldest of whom, Sarah, married Patrick Crauford MP. Lady Sempill died on 17 April 1749.
Notes
Attribution
1680s births
1746 deaths
British Army generals
British military personnel of the War of the Spanish Succession
British Army personnel of the War of the Austrian Succession
British Army personnel of the Jacobite rising of 1745
Green Howards officers
King's Own Scottish Borderers officers
Cameronians officers
42nd Regiment of Foot officers
Lords Sempill
Hugh
Bradford Moor is a ward in the metropolitan borough of the City of Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. It contains six listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. All the listed buildings are designated at Grade II, the lowest of the three grades, which is applied to "buildings of national importance and special interest". The ward is to the east of the centre of Bradford, and includes the districts of Laisterdyke and Thornbury. It is mainly residential, and the listed buildings consist of a farmhouse and farm buildings, a chaplaincy with an attached stable block and coach house, a former Sunday school, and two rows of terraced cottages.
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in West Yorkshire
Listed
Douwe Bob Posthuma (born 12 December 1992), professionally known by only his first and middle names Douwe Bob, is a Dutch singer-songwriter. He won the Dutch talent show De beste singer-songwriter van Nederland. He specializes in folk and country music and has released four albums. He represented the Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016.
Early life
Douwe Bob Posthuma was born on 12 December 1992 in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. He was born into a Frisian family. His father, Simon Posthuma, is known for being a member of the The Fool design collective.
Douwe Bob started playing piano at the age of 6, initially concentrating on classical music and jazz. He took up the guitar at age 14. As a singer he was inspired by country, folk and pop music from the 1950s to the mid-1970s.
Career
2012–13: Born in a Storm
In 2012, he competed in the Dutch TV talent show De beste singer-songwriter van Nederland (The Best Singer-Songwriter of the Netherlands). He played the songs "Standing Here Helpless", "Icarus", and in the finale, "Multicoloured Angels". In the finale, he was joined by Dutch singer Tim Knol and the latter's band. He won the finals and "Multicoloured Angels" reached number 17 in the weekly music chart Dutch Top 40. His debut album, Born in a Storm, was released on 3 May 2013. The bulk of the songs were written during a holiday in Morocco with . In June 2013, Douwe Bob played at the Pinkpop Festival. At the end of 2013, he appeared in the documentary Whatever Forever: Douwe Bob to talk about his relationship with his father Simon Posthuma, during IDFA.
2014–15: Pass It On
In 2014, Douwe Bob became one of the Ambassadors of Freedom for the . In January 2015, he released the single "Hold Me", produced in collaboration with Anouk. In February 2015, Douwe Bob announced his new album Pass Is On. The album was released on 15 May 2015 by record company Universal Music Group.
2016–2017: Eurovision Song Contest and Fool Bar
On 6 May 2016, he released his third studio album Fool Bar by record company Universal Music Group. The album peaked at number four on the Dutch Albums Chart. Douwe Bob represented his country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 in Stockholm, where he performed the song "Slow Down" in the semi-finals and finals on 10 and 14 May 2016. He placed eleventh in the final, racking up a total of 153 points. He was the Dutch spokesperson for the Eurovision Song Contest 2017.
2018–present: The Shape I'm In and Singel 39
On 21 April 2017, Douwe Bob was announced as the fourth coach of the seventh season of The Voice Kids, which started on 23 February 2018. In the following season, he did not return and was replaced by Anouk. On 9 November 2018, Douwe Bob released his fourth studio album The Shape I'm In, which he described as being a break-up record. In 2019 he composed the title song for the Dutch feature film Singel 39. He also played a small role in the film. The film won the Golden Film award after having sold 100,000 tickets.
Personal life
On 10 March 2016, in an interview with OutTV, Douwe Bob revealed that he identifies as bisexual. He has two children with two different women, and he and his ex-partner Anouk welcomed a third child in May 2022.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Music videos
Notes
References
External links
1992 births
Bisexual men
Bisexual musicians
Dutch country singers
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for the Netherlands
Dutch folk singers
Dutch people of Frisian descent
Dutch singer-songwriters
English-language singers from the Netherlands
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 2016
LGBT singers from the Netherlands
LGBT songwriters
Living people
Musicians from Amsterdam
21st-century Dutch male singers
César Díaz (born 20 September 1978) is a Belgian-Guatemalan film director, screenwriter and editor.
Born and raised in Guatemala City, Díaz moved to Belgium in 1998 as a student at the Free University of Brussels. After developing an interest in filmmaking, he enrolled at the La Fémis film school in Paris and studied screenwriting. Since the mid-2000s, Díaz has worked on a number of documentary films, before making his feature-length debut in 2019 with Our Mothers. The film premiered at the 2019 Cannes Film Festival, where Díaz won the Caméra d'Or.
Our Mothers received the André Cavens Award for Best Film given by the Belgian Film Critics Association (UCC) and was selected as the Belgian entry for the Best International Feature Film at the 92nd Academy Awards. It received six nominations at the 10th Magritte Awards, including Best Film and Best Director for Díaz, winning Best First Feature Film.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Belgian film directors
Belgian screenwriters
Belgian editors
Guatemalan film directors
Université libre de Bruxelles alumni
Guatemalan screenwriters
Arthur Henry Lefebvre (14 March 1923 – 24 November 2003) was a British scientist and an innovative leader in the science and engineering of fuel sprays and combustion in gas turbines.
Career
During his career he developed several innovative atomizers, including prefilming (in the 1960s) and effervescent (in the 1990s) designs for aircraft engines. Improvements in atomization greatly reduced the emissions of soot (particulate combustion product) and were instrumental in increasing the reliability of the combustor that was critical to improve the engine robustness. Lefebvre was a pioneer in the development of the jet engine, and arguably one who contributed more as a researcher, designer and educator than any other, except the original inventors – Sir Frank Whittle and Hans von Ohain. He shared his expertise with an annual week-long gas turbine combustion short course from 1962 to 2003.
His memory is honored at each International Conference on Liquid Atomization and Spray Systems (ICLASS) with a Lecture named in his honor.
Biography
Education
Long Eaton Grammar School, Nottingham, University of London BSc in Engineering in 1946 from University College. He received PhD from Imperial College in 1952 and a Doctor of Science (DSc) from Imperial College in 1975.
Cranfield University (Britain) : Professor and Head of the Department of Aircraft Propulsion and Chief Research Engineer at Rolls-Royce Limited, Derby. 1961–1976.
Purdue University (USA) 1976–1993 Head of the Department of Mechanical Engineering, Purdue University and Reilly Professor of Combustion Engineering in 1980
After retiring, Lefebvre was concurrently made Emeritus Professor by Purdue and Cranfield Universities.
He co-authored over 160 archival publications, 13 patents and 3 books (Gas Turbine Combustion, Gas Turbine Combustor Design Problems, and Atomization and Sprays). His book Atomization and Sprays is a guide to a generation of researchers and engineers on the development and use of spray science and technology.
Lefebvre invented and introduced the concept of air-blast atomization, which transformed fuel injection in combustors. He initiated some of the earliest research on atomization and spray structure. As a founding member and regular participant at conferences of the Institute of Liquid Atomization and Spray Systems Americas (ILASS) he taught a generation of scientists.
Quotes
Tools are not a substitute for innovation, 2000
Recognition
ASME Gas Turbine Award (1984)
ASME R. Tom Sawyer Award (1984)
AIAA Propellants and Combustion Award (inaugural recipient in 1990)
Marshal Award from the Institute of Liquid Atomization and Spray Systems, ILASS, (1993)
IGTI Scholar Award (1995)
IGTI Aircraft Engine Technology Award (1996)
ASME George Westinghouse Gold Medal (2002)
Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society and the Royal Academy of Engineering in the U.K.
Personal life
He married Elizabeth Marcella Betts in 1952. They had two sons and one daughter.
References
Gas Turbine Combustion 2nd edition 1998
Atomization and Sprays 1988
External links
Atomization and Sprays Journal
Atomization and Sprays
1923 births
2003 deaths
Academics of Cranfield University
Alumni of the University of Nottingham
English mechanical engineers
Jet engine pioneers
People from Long Eaton
Purdue University people
British expatriates in the United States
Vince Nunatak () is a nunatak of Antarctica.
Nunataks of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Turkey Home is a country branding project of Turkey by courtesy of Turkish Ministry of Culture and Tourism. Launched in April 2014, the brand aims to build a strong, sustainable, sincere, convincing and comprehensive, ways of communication with all travel audience from all over the world in order to create awareness of Turkey's cultural and historical heritage, natural beauties, arts and sciences, touristic sites, values, traditions, facilities, social and daily life, etc. By promoting country's all attractions and emphasizing its geographic and cultural diversity, the brand is designed to associate Turkey with the concept of "HOME" as it has welcomed, hosted and fostered a myriad of identities, cultures and civilizations throughout history.
History
At the beginning of 2014 Irfan Önal, The Director General of Promotion for the Turkish Ministry of Culture and Tourism set forth a new promotional branding strategy with Turkey Home. Until then, the Ministry had various worldwide promotion campaigns in many offline and online platforms. With the brand quickly gaining recognition and starting to become a phrase in Turkish Tourism, The Ministry revamped its out-dated reach to foreigners and started to innovate in the field of global tourism.
Just after 16 months, the brand grew to the 2nd among all other competitive tourism brands of cities and countries in terms of total number of fans and followers across all its social and digital media platforms. By August 2016, Turkey Home expanded its global audience to more than six and a half million individuals, still holding the 2nd rank globally.
The brand also helped Turkey to overcome the social and political stereotypes for foreign travellers by breaking down prejudices and reaching out to travellers through different platforms.
Awards
Skift.com placed Turkey Home 3rd in terms of the most tourism-related searches among all international brands in 2015.
Skift awarded Turkey Home "The Best Branded Facebook Page" in September 2015 at the Skifties 2015 Social Media Awards for Travel Brands.
See also
Tourism in Turkey
Index of Turkey-related articles
Outline of Turkey
Provinces of Turkey
References
External links
Skift.com article on Turkey Home
[Turkiye Portal|http://www.turkiyehome.net ]
Tourism in Turkey
The Penguin History of Britain is a popular book series on British history, published by Penguin Books. It appeared in nine volumes between 1996 and 2018, with many of the individual works subsequently being republished in several editions. Its general editor is David Cannadine, who also contributed a volume himself. Collectively, the books in the series span the period 54 BC to 1990 and include:
An Imperial Possession: Britain in the Roman Empire, 54 BC-AD 409 (2006) by David Mattingly
Britain After Rome: The Fall and Rise, 400 to 1070 (2010) by Robin Fleming
The Struggle for Mastery: Britain, 1066-1284 (2003) by David Carpenter
The Hollow Crown: A History of Britain in the Late Middle Ages (2005) by Miri Rubin
New Worlds, Lost Worlds: The Rule of the Tudors, 1485-1603 (2000) by Susan Brigden
A Monarchy Transformed: Britain, 1603-1714 (1996) by Mark Kishlansky
A Wealth of Nations? Britain, 1707-1815 by Linda Colley (To be published)
Victorious Century: The United Kingdom, 1800-1906 (2018) by David Cannadine
Hope and Glory: Britain 1900-1990 (1996) by Peter Clarke, updated in two successive editions to cover the period to 2000 and 2002 respectively
The series is primarily envisaged as a narrative history of Britain, intended to update the "Whiggish" approach of older studies. It was particularly intended to supersede the Pelican History of England (1950–1965) which, though influential, was considered "dated". The series was intended to engage with "the fact of decline, political, imperial, military and economic" in British power. It was framed as "consciously British" (rather than English) and put particular "focus on Britain's world position primarily with reference to the 'three circles' of Europe, the Empire and the United States".
See also
New Oxford History of England (1989—)
References
1990s books
2000s books
2010s books
Historiography of England
Series of history books
Penguin Books book series
The Hon. Philip Sherard (17 November 1623 – 1695) was an English soldier, landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1685.
Early life
Sherard was born on 17 November 1623 as the younger son of William Sherard, 1st Baron Sherard (1588–1640) and his wife Abigail Cave (1593–1659). His older brother was Bennet Sherard, 2nd Baron Sherard, who sat as MP for Leicestershire and served as Lord Lieutenant of Rutland. His nephew was Bennet Sherard, 1st Earl of Harborough. His mother, the widow of Henry Tresham (with whom she had several sons), was a daughter of Cecil Cave and Anne (née Bennett) Cave.
He was a student at St John's College, Oxford in 1639, and travelled abroad in Italy in 1641.
Career
Sherard went abroad with his brother shortly before the Civil War, where he became a captain in the Dutch army. He enjoyed field sports and settled at the family estate of Whissendine, Rutland, holding no local office until the Restoration.
In 1660, Sherard was elected Member of Parliament for Rutland in the Convention Parliament. He was one of those proposed as Knight of the Royal Oak, and his estate had a yearly income of £600. In 1661, he was re-elected MP for Rutland in the Cavalier parliament, probably without a contest. He was re-elected in the two elections for the First and Second Exclusion Parliaments and again in 1681.
In 1682, he was removed from local office, and took no further part in politics, his son Bennet replacing him as knight of the shire in the Convention.
Personal life
In 1645, Sherard was married to Margaret Eure, widow of both John Pulteney of Misterton, Leicestershire and a Cavalier Col. Hon. William Eure of Old Malton (son of Lord Eure), and daughter of Sir Thomas Denton of Hillesden, Buckinghamshire. Margaret converted to Protestantism. Together, they were the parents of three sons and one daughter, including:
Bennet Sherard (1649–1701), who was also MP for Rutland.
Philip Sherard, who married and had issue.
Denton Sherard.
Abigail Sherard (b. 1652), who married John Pickering, Esq. (1654–1703) and had issue.
Sherard died at the age of 71 and was buried at Whissendine on 4 March 1695.
Descendants
Through his son Bennet, he was a grandfather of Philip Sherard, 2nd Earl of Harborough (–1750), who inherited the Harborough earldom through special remainder, and Margaret Sherard, the wife of The Most Rev. John Gilbert, Archbishop of York.
References
1623 births
1695 deaths
Philip
Younger sons of barons
People from Whissendine
Place of birth missing
English MPs 1660
English MPs 1661–1679
English MPs 1679
English MPs 1680–1681
English MPs 1681
Horozköy is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Charles Joseph Alleyn (19 September 1817 – 4 April 1890) was a Quebec lawyer and political figure.
He was born in County Cork, Ireland in 1817 and studied at Clongowes Wood College. Alleyn came to Lower Canada with his family around 1837. He was called to the bar in 1840. He supported the annexation movement in Quebec. He served on the city council for Quebec City from 1851 to 1857, serving as mayor in 1854.
In 1854, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Quebec City. He supported the abolition of seigneurial tenure, an elected Legislative Council and separate schools. He served on the Executive Council as Commissioner of Public Works from 1857 to 1858 in the ministry of Macdonald-Cartier, and Provincial Secretary from 1858 to 1862 in the similarly constituted ministry of Cartier-Macdonald. In 1866, he resigned from politics to accept an appointment as sheriff for the district of Quebec. He served in this post until his death in Quebec City in 1890. His brother Richard served in the Quebec legislative assembly.
References
1817 births
1890 deaths
Irish emigrants to pre-Confederation Quebec
Mayors of Quebec City
Members of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from Canada East
Politicians from County Cork
People educated at Clongowes Wood College
Canadian people of Irish descent
Immigrants to Lower Canada
Anglophone Quebec people
Gurulmundi is a locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Gurulmundi had a population of 7 people.
History
The location takes its name from an Aboriginal word meaning low hills.
Gurulmindi Provisional School opened on 27 February 1928. It became Gurulmindi State School on 1 January 1944. It closed on 10 May 1965.
References
Western Downs Region
HMS Acasta was an of the Royal Navy, and the name ship of that class. She was built between 1911 and 1913, and was initially designated a K-class torpedo boat destroyer, having at various times the pennant numbers G40, H59 (1914) or H00 (1918). She saw extensive service during the First World War, including at the Battle of Jutland, where she was badly damaged. She was sold for breaking up in 1921.
Construction
Acasta, originally intended to be named King, was laid down at John Brown's shipyard at Clydebank on 1 December 1911, launched on 10 September 1912 and completed the following month. Powered by two shaft Brown-Curtis steam turbines she had a maximum speed of and had a complement of 75-77 men. After completion she joined the 4th Destroyer Flotilla.
Service during the First World War
Acasta served with the Grand Fleet from the outbreak of the First World War. Her depot ship was . On 16 December 1914 she was in the 4th Destroyer Flotilla attached to a battle group sent to challenge several German ships intent on bombarding the North Yorkshire coast.
Battle of Jutland
During the Battle of Jutland, the 4th Flotilla was attached to Admiral David Beatty's Battlecruiser Fleet based at Rosyth, and assigned to cover the 3rd Battlecruiser Squadron, screening the cruiser . Acasta was commanded by Lieutenant Commander J. O. Barron. The squadron left Pentland Firth in the evening of 30 May 1916 and engaged the enemy at 5.40pm on 31 May.
During the battle, destroyer was crippled by gunfire and was offered assistance by the already damaged Acasta but declined. In the same action, against at that time a superior enemy force, Acasta was hit by two shells from , which left her with six dead and one wounded, and unable to stop or steer. A signal from at 6.40pm reported Acasta in danger of sinking. Admiral Beatty's report on the battle mentions an unknown, disabled destroyer which, from the time (about 7pm) may refer to Acasta. At 6.47 , the Grand Fleet's flagship, passed the disabled destroyer whose crew lined the sides to cheer the battleship as she passed. According to an eye-witness aboard , Acasta was "badly holed, with standing by her."
Acasta was able to effect some emergency repairs during the next six hours, but broke down again and was eventually taken in tow by and reached Aberdeen two days after the battle, so badly damaged she practically had to be rebuilt. She claimed a torpedo hit on but this was not officially confirmed. The German Admiralty's report of the battle on 1 June included the claim that Acasta had been destroyed.
After Jutland
After extensive repairs, completed by 2 August, Acasta went back into service, joining one of the destroyer flotillas (4th or 6th) in one of the English Channel bases of Portsmouth, Devonport or Dover. She sustained damage, with three casualties, following a collision in the English Channel on 22 December 1917.
Post-war service
On 6 and 8 August 1919 Acasta attended the newly commissioned heavy cruiser on torpedo trials in Freshwater Bay.
Fate
Acasta was sold on 9 May 1921 to Ward, Hayle for breaking up.
References
Further reading
Map and timelines of Battle of Jutland
Corbett, Sir Julian, History of the Great War - Naval Operations, Vol. 3, Longmans, 1921. Full text online at
External links
Imperial War Museum: Lives of the First World War: HMS Acasta at the Battle of Jutland
Battle of Jutland Crew Lists Project - HMS Acasta Crew List
Acasta-class destroyers
World War I destroyers of the United Kingdom
1912 ships
Ships built on the River Clyde
Jethmal Parsram Gulrajani (; 1885 or 1886 – 6 July 1948) was a journalist, publisher, and writer from Sindh. He launched a number of newspapers and literary magazines and authored 60 books.
Early life, education, and career
Jethmal Parsram was born in Hyderabad, Sindh, British India (now Pakistan). His correct date of birth is unknown. According to G.M. Syed, he was born in 1885, however, according to Jotwani, his year of birth is 1886. He studied at the Nevalrai Hiranand Academy and passed matriculation examination from the Bambay University (now Mumbai University) in 1902. He was appointed as a teacher in his alma mater Nevalrai Hiranand Academy in 1902 and Sindh Madersatul Islam High School Karachi in 1910. Renowned writer Lalchand Amerdinomal was his colleague at the Sindh Madersatul Islam High School. He also served as a Headmaster at New High School Karachi but resigned in 1911. In 1916, he joined the Home Rule League of Annie Besant and took active part in this movement. From 1916 and onward no literary, social and political gathering in Hyderabad was complete, if Jethmal did not attend it. He was an aggressive public speaker too. He joined Sindh National College (now Government College University) Hyderabad in 1922 as a professor of Sindhi and served there till 1941.
Contributions as a journalist
Jethmal Parsram was one of the most celebrated Sindhi literary journalists. He and his friend Lalchand Amardinomal founded the Sindhi Sahtya Society (Sindhi Literary Society) in 1914 under the auspices of which they launched the monthly Risalo (Literary magazine). After a year or so, the renowned writer Lalchand Amerdinomal became editor of this magazine. Jethmal launched daily Hindvasi in 1917. As a fearless journalist he wrote an editorial entitled Kalalki Hut, Kusan jo Kopu Vahay (Sindhi: ڪلالڪي ھٽ، ڪسڻ جو ڪوپ وھي) meaning people throne to the tavern to sever their heads in return for a draught. This title was a quotation from Shah Abdul Latif Bhitai's poetry. The editorial was written against the killing of innocent people who had peacefully protested against the Rowlatt Act (1919). The editorial also condemned the Jallianwala Bagh massacre by the British army. The then British Government of India treated this editorial as seditious. Consequently, Jethmal was arrested and sent to jail. During his imprisonment, he wrote his jail diary titled Turung-jo-Tirith (Pilgrimage of Prison). This was the first jail diary in Sindhi language which was published soon after his release from the jail. The daily Hindvasi was renamed as Bharatvasi during his imprisonment. He was released from jail in 1921 and continued as an editor and publisher of this newspaper. He also launched a monthly literary magazine Rooh Rihan in 1921.
About the same time, he started the "New Sindhi Library" and "Sasti Sahit" (Cheap Literature) series, a milestone in Sindhi publication under which he published more than a hundred books of standard merit, original and translated.
He launched weekly newspaper Sindh Herald in 1929. He also served as an editor of daily Parkash and honorary editor of weekly Sindhri.
Contributions as a writer
Jethmal was not only a freedom fighter and journalist, he was also an illustrious scholar and writer of Sindhi language. He authored around 60 books. An incomplete alphabetical list of his books is presented below:
Books
Anand Darbar [Sindhi: آنند درٻار]
Apanshud Gayan [Sindhi: اپنشد گيان]
Atam Veechar [Sindhi: آتم ويچار], (Thoughts on Soul)
Bhagavad Gita [Sindhi: ڀڳوت گيتا]. (The translation of Annie Besant's book)
Bal Hatia [Sindhi: ٻال ھتيا], (from Leo Tolstoy's play The Power of Darkness)
Bhai Kalachand [Sindhi: ڀائي ڪرمچند]
Budal Beri [Sindhi: ٻڏل ٻيڙي], (from Tagore's The Wreck)
Chamraposh-joon-Akhanyoon [Sindhi: چمڙاپوش جون آکاڻيون], (Stories of a Disguised Person)
Emerson [Sindhi: ايمرسن], (Translation of some famous vedantic essays)
Faust [Sindhi: فائوسٽ], (Translation of Goethe's epic poem)
Gal Blass [Sindhi: گال بلاس]
Hamlet [Sindhi: ھيمليٽ], (Translation of Shakespeare's longest play)
Hind aen Sindh ja Sant [Sindhi: ھند ۽ سنڌ جا سنت]
Hisabi Hisab (from Shakespeare's Measure for Measure)
Jagat ja Netao [Sindhi: جڳت جو نيتائو]
Margjoti aien Karan [Sindhi: مرگ جوتي ۽ ڪرم]
Maut Hik Bahanu [Sindhi: موت ھڪ بھانو]
Maut ta aahayee kona [Sindhi: موت تہ آھي ئي ڪو نہ]
Miran Bai [Sindhi: ميران ٻائي]
Monna Vanna [Sindhi: مونا وانا], (From Maurice Maeterlinck's play of the same name)
Nanik Yousuf [Sindhi: نانڪ يوسف]
Om-ji-Akhani [Sindhi: اوم جي آکاڻي], (Story of Om)
Paighamber-e-Islam [Sindhi: پيغمبر اسلام]
Parlok man Paigham [Sindhi: پرلوڪ مان پيغام]
Philosophy chhaa Aahay [Sindhi: فلاسافي ڇا آھي؟]
Poorab Joti [Sindhi: پورب جوتي], (adapted from Edwin Arnold's The Light of Asia)
Raj Gayan [Sindhi: راج گيان]
Richh [Sindhi: رڇ], (from Anton Chekkov's play "The Bear")
Sachal Sarmast [Sindhi: سچل سرمست]
Sada Char [Sindhi: سدا چار], (with Lilaram Premchand)
Sahati Rihan [ [Sindhi: ساھتي رھاڻ]]
Samya Vad [Sindhi: ساميہ واد], (Socialism)
Sanatan Dharam [Sindhi: سناتن ڌرم]
Satgur jay charnan men [Sindhi: ستگروءَ جي چرنن ۾],
Shabd Anahat [Sindhi: شبد اناھٽ], (The Voice of the Silence by Helena Petrovna Blavatsky)
Shah Bhitaia Ji Hayati [Sindhi: شاھ ڀٽائيءَ جي حياتي], (Life of Shah Abdul Latif Bhitai)
Shah-joon-Akhanyoon [Sindhi: شاھ جون آکاڻيون], (Stories from Shah)
Shah-je-Akhaniyun-jee-Samjhani [Sindhi: شاھ جي آکاڻين جي سمجھاڻي], (Interpretation of Shah's stories)
Shakespeare Through Indian Eye
Sidhyoon ain Ghaker [Sindhi: سڌيون ۽ چڪر], (from Charles Leadbitter's famous book on Occultism).
Sindh and its Sufis
Sindhi Sahat Jo Khazano [Sindhi: سنڌي ساھت جو خزانو]
Sindhi Soonhara [Sindhi: سڌي سونھارا]
Sonu Gadahu [Sindhi: سونو گڏھ]
Sufi Mat [Sindhi: صوفي مت]
Sufi Sagora [Sindhi: صوفي سڳورا]
Sukh Panth [Sindhi: سک پنٿ]
Suraj Sagar [Sindhi: سورج ساگر]
Toofan [Sindhi: طوفان] (from Shakespeare's Measure for Measure)
Turung-jo-Tirith [Sindhi: ترنگ جو تيرٿ], (Pilgrimage of Prison)
Upanishad Gyan [Sindhi: اپنشد گيان], (The Wisdom of the Upanishad by Annie Besant)
Vidya Guru [Sindhi: وديا گرو]
Yoga ji Samjhani [Sindhi: يوگا جي سمجھاڻي]
Death
After creation of Pakistan in 1947, he reluctantly left his homeland Sindh and migrated to Bombay (now Mumbai) India, where he died on 6 July 1948.
Books on Jethmal Parsram
Deepchandra Belani has written a monogram on life and writings of Jethmal Parsram.
References
1948 deaths
Sindhi people
People from Hyderabad, Sindh
Sindhi-language writers
Year of birth uncertain
United States v. New Wrinkle, Inc., 342 U.S. 371 (1952), is a 1952 Supreme Court decision in which the Court held that a claim of conspiracy to fix uniform minimum prices and to eliminate competition throughout substantially all of the wrinkle finish industry of the United States by means of patent license agreements was, if proved, a violation of § 1 of the Sherman Act. That one of the defendants, a patent-holding company, abstained from manufacturing activities, did not ship goods in commerce, and engaged solely in patent licensing did not insulate its activity from § 1. Making these license contracts for the purpose of regulating distribution and fixing prices of commodities in interstate commerce is subject to the Sherman Act, even though the isolated act of contracting for the licenses occurs within a single state. Patents give no protection from the prohibitions of the Sherman Act when the patent licensing agreements are used to restrain interstate commerce and fix prices of goods shipped in commerce.
Background
Before and during 1937, two paint companies, Kay & Ess and Chadeloid Chemical Co., were in patent litigation with each other. Each company claimed that it controlled the basic patents on wrinkle finish, and each company contended that the patents of the other could not be used without infringing its own patents. In November 1937 they decided to settle the litigation by forming a new, jointly–owned company, New Wrinkle, to which they assigned their patents. They agreed that they would license the wrinkle–finish industry to make and sell at fixed prices. Kay & Ess and Chadeloid then worked together to induce all manufacturers of wrinkle finish products to accept the price-fixing patent licenses from New Wrinkle. The prospective licensees were assured that the other manufacturers were being dealt with on the same basis "in order to establish minimum prices throughout the industry." By September 1938 the leading manufacturing companies and some 200 other manufacturers—substantially all manufacturers of wrinkle finishes in the United States—held nearly identical ten-year extendable license agreements from New Wrinkle, fixing prices. These license agreements required that a licensee observe in all sales of products covered by the licensed patents a schedule of minimum prices, discounts, and selling terms. Unlike its organizers, Kay & Ess and Chadeloid, New Wrinkle does not manufacture and sell the patented products. It just owns and licenses the patents.
The United States sued Kay & Ess, Chadeloid, and New Wrinkle in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, for conspiring to fix uniform minimum prices and to eliminate competition throughout the wrinkle–finish industry, in violation of § 1 of the Sherman Act. The defendants filed motions to dismiss, which the district court granted without issuing any opinion. The United States appealed to the Supreme Court.
Ruling of the Supreme Court
Justice Stanley Reed delivered the unanimous opinion of the Court.
Because New Wrinkle, unlike Kay & Ess and Chadeloid, did not manufacture or sell the patented products, and just owned and licensed the pooled patents, New Wrinkle contended that it is not engaged in trade or commerce—and thus could not be held liable for restraining trade and commerce under § 1 of the Sherman Act. "These contentions leave out of consideration," the Court responded, the allegations that "the use of patent licenses as an essential part of the plan to restrain trade, a trade in enamels, varnishes, and paints that is alleged to be and obviously is interstate in character." Pointing to the price-fixing provisions of the licenses, the Court said that it is "beyond question that this making of license contracts for the purpose of regulating distribution and fixing prices of commodities in interstate commerce is subject to the Sherman Act, even though the isolated act of contracting for the licenses is wholly within a single state."
New Wrinkle next argued that the doctrine of United States v. General Electric Co.—the 1926 GE case—immunized the price fixing from the antitrust laws. The Court distinguished the GE case from the case at bar: In the GE case, a patentee licensed a single other manufacturer to make and sell the patented product with a price limitation controlled by the patentee. In the present case, a patentee, acting in concert with all members of an industry, issued substantially identical licenses to all members of the industry under the terms of which the industry is completely regimented in order to organize the industry and stabilize prices. The Court said the case was indistinguishable from United States v. Line Material Co., and United States v. United States Gypsum Co., which held such conduct illegal.
Subsequent developments
In Newburgh Moire Co. v. Superior Moire Co., the Third Circuit held that price-fixing clauses in multiple patent licenses violated the Sherman Act. Newburgh entered into licensing agreements with three of the five manufacturers in the moire finish industry, containing price-fixing clauses. The court held that the fact that there was more than one price-fixing license (in contrast to the single such license in the General Electric case) made the licenses fall outside the range of protected behavior that the General Electric case allowed. The Third Circuit explained:
At worst, we think that the patent laws were not intended to empower a patentee to grant a plurality of licenses, each containing provisions fixing the price at which the licensee might sell the product or process . . . and that, if a plurality of licenses are granted, such provisions therein are prohibited by the antitrust laws. The course pursued by Newburgh in the case at bar transcends the authority of the General Electric decision.
Despite the differences in the fact patterns (multiple licenses, pooling, cross-licensing), the court said it saw no difference between the General Electric and New Wrinkle cases, so that the latter must be regarded as overruling the former: "We can find no very strong basis for distinguishing between General Electric and New Wrinkle. The explanation probably lies more in history than in logic, for history is an untidy housekeeper."
References
External links
United States antitrust law
United States patent case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Vinson Court
1952 in United States case law
"Stowaway" is the 17th episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe, and the 60th episode overall. It followed the Fringe team's investigation into a woman, Dana Gray (Paula Malcomson), who repeatedly but unsuccessfully tries to commit suicide. Meanwhile, Olivia continues to serve as the host for William Bell, to the dismay of most of her other team members.
The episode's story was written by Akiva Goldsman, Jeff Pinkner, and J. H. Wyman, while Danielle Dispaltro contributed its teleplay. Charles Beeson served as the director. Along with Malcomson, "Stowaway" featured a guest appearance by previous Fringe actor Seth Gabel. Though Leonard Nimoy had recently retired, the writers still had storylines involving his character, leading to their decision to have Bell possess Olivia's body.
"Stowaway" first aired in the United States on March 18, 2011 to an estimated 3.8 million viewers and a 1.3 ratings share for adults aged between 18 and 49. This was the series' lowest ratings share for adults up to that point. Reviews of the episode were generally positive, as multiple critics praised Anna Torv's Nimoy impression as well as Joshua Jackson's reaction to it.
Plot
Following from "Os", Olivia's (Anna Torv) body has been possessed by William Bell. Though he promises that no harm will come to Olivia while he seeks a suitable host for his mind, Broyles (Lance Reddick) demands that Bell leave Olivia in 48 hours. Bell begins searching local hospitals for a host.
They are alerted to eyewitness accounts of a woman who, after jumping with another man from a high roof and crashing onto a taxi parked below, simply walked away. As the Fringe team investigates, they are approached by another FBI agent, Lincoln Lee (Seth Gabel), who identifies the woman as Dana Gray (Paula Malcomson). Dana, who had been struck by lightning twice, was killed eighteen months earlier along with her family during a robbery of their home, but she apparently was able to walk away from the morgue. Since then, she has appeared to commit suicide with several others, but always managing to walk away. Walter (John Noble) and Bell, in studying Dana's blood samples, find that her body may have been altered by several past lightning strikes, making her incapable of dying.
Peter (Joshua Jackson) and Lincoln find that Dana worked as a suicide hotline operator, and in investigating her belongings, find that she appears to have a strong desire to take her soul to heaven or hell. Lincoln comes to believe that Dana may be looking for a way to have her soul "stow away" with that of another to join her family in the afterlife, and used the suicide hotline position to find those who are close to committing suicide.
Another man is found dead by a self-inflicted bullet wound, though Dana was seen leaving his apartment. Evidence in his apartment points to the construction of a bomb, and the Fringe team suspects that Dana knows its location and may be hoping to exploit an event which will kill several people simultaneously in order to increase her own chances of death. Peter calls her, using caller ID spoofing to disguise his number than that of her late husband, and the signal allows authorities to pinpoint her location to a commuter train. The train is stopped and searched, while Dana leaves on her own with the bomb, moving it far enough away from the train. The bomb soon explodes, and when Peter and Lincoln search, they find Dana's body nearby, finally dead, and the only fatality from the explosion.
Peter returns home where Walter has invited Bell to stay the evening. Bell explains that he believes that Dana was finally able to die after serving a purpose—saving the lives of the people on the train. When church bells go off nearby, Olivia's personality slips through momentarily. Bell regains control, but expresses new-found fear that his possession of Olivia's body has become more complicated than he thought.
Production
The episode's teleplay was written by Danielle Dispaltro, while the story was contributed by consulting producer Akiva Goldsman and co-showrunners Jeff Pinkner and J.H. Wyman. Supernatural veteran Charles Beeson directed. The episode was shot in early February 2011.
Despite previous guest actor Leonard Nimoy's recent retirement, the writers still had plot lines concerning his character William Bell. Some months prior to the airing of "Stowaway", Nimoy and others had noted that Bell's character would return to Fringe. Anna Torv, who portrays Olivia, was not aware that her character would be channeling Bell until just prior to filming of the episode, and stated of the role, "This is not one I had been asking for!" To prepare, Torv sought advice from her fellow star John Noble, as both as a friend and because Noble's character, Walter, had spent the most time with Bell. She took further advice from the show's dialect coach and reviewed footage of Nimoy's previous work, though eventually she decided to jump right into the role. Noble later commented "I think the solutions she came up with – taking the essence of the man, playing with the eyebrows, simulating the voice — were really smart. We had a lot of fun doing it."
Executive producers J.H. Wyman and Jeff Pickner were both impressed with Torv's take on the role, with Wyman stating that it "just transcended all our expectations", while Pinkner noted that Nimoy himself was "the most proud and most impressed" with the outcome. Actor Joshua Jackson found her performance "so creepy". He explained, "In the episodes, you see I can barely look at her. I think it ended up being a good way to play Peter's reaction to Olivia, but it was born out of the fact that when that voice came out of her, I was like: ‘Oh, that's just wrong!'" Pinkner confirmed in an interview with TVline that Bell's appearance would last for "a couple" episodes, and also warned that "cohabitation is not as benign as William assumes it is", a reference to problems Bell would soon have in Olivia's body. The possessed state of Olivia has led viewers to refer to her as "Bellivia".
"Stowaway" featured a guest appearance by actress Paula Malcomson, her first and only time on the show to date. Guest actor Seth Gabel had previously played just one version of character Lincoln Lee, who existed as the head of Fringe division in the parallel universe. "Stowaway" marked the first appearance of the character from the prime universe. Gabel described his prime universe character as someone who works for the FBI, "but has no idea about Fringe Division. He's more of a desk jockey [who] eventually comes to believe there is much more than reality suggests". Executive producer Jeff Pinkner described Lincoln's introduction as "insanely fun -- the characterization Seth has created just makes you smile". Gabel also indicated the new character would likely return for more episodes.
As with other Fringe episodes, Fox released a science lesson plan in collaboration with Science Olympiad for grade school children, focusing on the science seen in "Stowaway", with the intention of having "students learn about magnetism and how magnets can be created and demagnetized."
Reception
Ratings
"Stowaway" was watched by an estimated 3.8 million viewers with a 1.3 ratings share among those 18-49 on its first broadcast. It fell 13 percent in this ratings share from the previous week's episode. This was the lowest viewership for the show in the 18–49 adult demographic, though this has been partially attributed to the onset of daylight saving time and the NCAA Tournament. For that night, Fringe helped the Fox network finish in first place among the adult demographic, but it placed in third among total viewers. Time shifted viewing increased the episode's ratings among adults by 57 percent to a 2.2 ratings share. This was the largest increase in time shifting viewing for the week among network shows.
Reviews
Television critics' reviews for "Stowaway" were mostly positive. Writing for Entertainment Weekly, Ken Tucker thought Anna Torv's Nimoy impression was "aces, very wry and amusing," and also praised Joshua Jackson's acting in response to it. Like Tucker, Noel Murray from The A.V. Club also praised Torv and Jackson's performances, and graded the episode with a B+, explaining it "was an effective episode despite all its metaphysical mumbo-jumbo [because] Dana's predicament was a legitimately tense one... As she stepped on the train, I didn't know if she was planning to save the passengers or send their souls a-scattering... the suspense itself was palpable". Murray however admitted that "if the "villain" weren't so sympathetic, or if the action weren't so breathless, or if I didn't find the Bellivia material so funny, I'd probably be annoyed by the wacky way the Fringe writers have found to bring William Bell back." Andrew Hanson of the Los Angeles Times noted of Torv that her "cadence of her words was dead on, and his/her interactions with everyone else in Fringe Division were pitch perfect." He praised other facets of the episode, including how "the weekly mysteries unfold like origami", and that introducing the prime's version of the Lincoln character allowed the audience "to see all the weirdness of Fringe through fresh eyes".
SFScope columnist Sarah Stegall also lauded Torv's performance, noting that the actress "captures Nimoy's staccato delivery, her growling voice, even his trick eyebrow. Not since Zachary Quinto played a young Spock in Star Trek a couple of years ago have I seen anyone so perfectly sound and move like Nimoy." Stegall did express a wish that the characters not try to explain every case (such as the one in the episode) out of a belief that their explanations were often absurd; this observation led Stegall to praise the new character of Lincoln however, as she believed, like Hanson, that the series has "been needing an Everyman in this mix for awhile, someone for whom immortality is not a commonplace." Charlie Jane Anders of io9 was critical of the episode, remarking that "the whole 'soul magnets' thing, which had seemed to be a throwaway comment a few episodes ago, is turning out to be sort of a weak plot device. And the whole bodily-possession storyline is just perhaps one level of wackiness too far for me. I also had the feeling that this might finally be the acting challenge that was beyond Anna Torv's considerable abilities, as her Leonard Nimoy impression quickly started to grate on my nerves."
Notes
References
External links
"Stowaway" at Fox.com
Fringe (season 3) episodes
2011 American television episodes
Television episodes written by Akiva Goldsman
New Lebanon is an unincorporated community in Gill Township, Sullivan County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The community is part of the Terre Haute Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
New Lebanon was founded in 1827, and was named after the biblical Mount Lebanon. A post office was established at New Lebanon in 1840, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1966.
Geography
New Lebanon is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Sullivan County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Terre Haute metropolitan area
Korrpadu is a village near Proddatur, Kadapa district in Andhra Pradesh, India.
The present sarpanch is Dhanireddy Jayalakshumma (TDP). She won 564 votes.
References
Villages in Kadapa district
Ouled Mimoun District is a district of Tlemcen Province in northwestern Algeria.
Districts of Tlemcen Province
The Archway is the official newspaper of Bryant University, founded in 1946. The newspaper has been independent of Bryant University since the 1970s, and is completely run by undergraduate students. However, several prominent publishers, journalists, faculty, and staff members act as advisors to The Archway and assist in syndicating those stories across larger mediums. The newspaper is published biweekly during the semester on Thursdays.
Older editions of The Archway are available in Bryant's institutional repository.
References
External links
Bryant's institutional repository
Bryant University
Student newspapers published in Rhode Island
Publications established in 1946
Hrotti is a sword in the Völsung cycle (Fáfnismál, Völsunga saga, 20). It was a part of Fáfnir's treasure, which Sigurðr took after he slew the dragon. Kemp Malone suggested that Hrotti was etymologically related to Hrunting.
References
Dillmann, François-Xavier. Notes de : Snorri Sturluson. L'Edda : récits de mythologie nordique. Trad. du vieil-islandais, intr. et annoté par François-Xavier Dillmann. Paris : Gallimard, 2003. (L'Aube des peuples). P. 202. .
Mythological Norse weapons
Mythological swords
Simon James Kippen (born 19 May 1992), better known by the ring name Kip Sabian, is an English professional wrestler. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW).
Early life
Simon James Kippen was born in Great Yarmouth on 19 May 1992.
Professional wrestling career
Early career
Sabian began his career with the World Association of Wrestling after graduating from the promotion's wrestling school. He competed throughout England and Europe, capturing various titles including the IPW:UK World Championship and World Of Sport Wrestling Tag Team Championship. In 2018, he debuted for Ring of Honor. He also had a tag-team "Super Brotheys" with Pakistani wrestler Amir Jordan.
All Elite Wrestling (2019–present)
In February 2019, Sabian signed with All Elite Wrestling. Sabian made his AEW debut at Double or Nothing where he defeated Sammy Guevara in AEW's first ever singles match.
In late December, Sabian established himself as a heel after calling out members of The Elite where he would face Kenny Omega on 10 December on Dark and Cody on 30 January, losing both matches. Sabian would also start to be managed by his real-life girlfriend Penelope Ford as he began feuding with Joey Janela leading up to 19 February, when he defeated Janela.
On 22 April Sabian took part in a tournament to crown the inaugural AEW TNT Champion where he lost to Dustin Rhodes in the first round.
On 15 April Sabian began teaming with Jimmy Havoc after Havoc delivered a DDT to Orange Cassidy on the floor during his match against Chuck Taylor. They made their tag team debut losing to Best Friends in a no disqualifications tag team match on the 29 April edition of Dynamite. They would subsequently call themselves The Superbad Squad. They defeated SoCal Uncensored's Frankie Kazarian and Scorpio Sky in a number one contender's match for the AEW World Tag Team Championship on 27 May. They faced the champions Kenny Omega and "Hangman" Adam Page on 3 June for the titles in a losing effort. Sabian and Havoc's team ended when Havoc was released by AEW on 13 August.
At All Out, Sabian announced that he and Ford were getting married while also teasing that he will reveal who his best man is for the wedding on the following Dynamite. On the 9 September episode of Dynamite, Miro was revealed to be the best man for Sabian and Ford's wedding. In October, Sabian and Miro began feuding with Best Friends after Trent accidentally destroyed the arcade game that Miro had purchased for Sabian as a wedding gift. This culminated in an Arcade Anarchy match on the 31 March episode of Dynamite where they were defeated. On the 28 April episode of AEW Dynamite, Miro turned on Sabian by attacking him backstage, thus ending their partnership. On 17 May Sabian underwent shoulder surgery thus rendering him out of action for several months.
On August 24, 2022, Sabian made his return at Dynamite, as he attacked the AEW All-Atlantic Champion Pac during the main event.
Other media
Kippen is also a background character in the film Fighting With My Family, seen during multiple scenes at the WWE Performance Center.
Championships and accomplishments
British Wrestling Revolution
BWR Cruiserweight Championship (1 time)
Dynamic Over-The-Top Action Wrestling
DOA UK Tag Team Championship (2 times) - with Brad Slayer (1) and Peter Nixon (1)
European Catch Tour Association
ECTA Junior Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
ECTA Tag Team Championship (1 time) - with Brad Slayer
House Of Pain: Evolution
HOPE Championship (1 time)
HOPE Kings Of Flight Championship (1 time)
International Pro Wrestling: UK
IPW:UK World Championship (1 time)
Z-Force Championship (2 times)
Pro Wrestling Chaos
Knights Of Chaos Championship (1 time) - with Martin Kirby
New Generation Wrestling
NGW Tag Team Championship (1 time) - with Iestyn Rees
Plymouth Wrestling Association
PWA Tag Team Championship (1 time) - with Brad Slayer
Pro Wrestling Chaos
Knights of Chaos Championship (1 time) - with Martin Kirby
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 162 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2020
Reloaded Championship Wrestling Alliance
RCWA Elite-1 Championship (1 time)
Southside Wrestling Entertainment
SWE Speed King Championship (1 time)
World Association of Wrestling
WAW Open Light Heavyweight Championship (2 times)
WAW U23 Championship
WAW World Tag Team Championship (3 times) - with Brad Slayer
World Of Sport Wrestling
WOS Tag Team Championship (1 time) - with Iestyn Rees
References
External links
1992 births
21st-century professional wrestlers
All Elite Wrestling personnel
English male professional wrestlers
English YouTubers
Living people
Sportspeople from Great Yarmouth
Twitch (service) streamers
Expatriate professional wrestlers
English male YouTubers
National University Research Council (Consiliul Naţional al Cercetării Ştiinţifice) is the Romanian national research funding body, and the accrediting body for academic journals and academic publishers. It was established in late 1994, and is located in Bucharest.
It is a member of the European Science Foundation.
In 1999, the council established the National Center for Science Policy and Scientometrics (Centrul Naţional pentru Politica Ştiinţei şi Scientometrie; CENAPOSS) to develop and promote Romanian research.
Journals are ranked as "A", "B+" or "B".
External links
Romania as a scientific partner, 26 October 2006
Research management
1994 establishments in Romania
Science policy
The Burger Baron name is used by several fast-food restaurants in western Canada.
History
Founded in 1957 in either Calgary or Lethbridge, Alberta (the location and ownership of the first site is disputed), Burger Baron was the first drive-in chain in Western Canada. The company expanded quickly throughout the region but suffered when the big American chains began to move to the area. The original franchise operation collapsed into bankruptcy and current restaurants are independently operated, with different menus, recipes, signage and advertising. Today, there are still dozens of Burger Barons throughout Western Canada, but they are mostly concentrated around Edmonton and in small towns in Alberta. Many of the owners are Lebanese Canadians, connected to Rudy Kemaldean of Edmonton, who bought the first of his seven restaurants in 1965, hired family and friends and encouraged them to open their own operations under the Burger Baron name.
Among other things, Burger Baron is famous for being endorsed by former Edmonton Oilers hockey coach Glen Sather and other former members of the Edmonton Oilers.
Several Burger Baron buildings formerly belonged to other chains. Five of them were part of the local Burger King chain, once Burger Baron's main rival, which became defunct when the worldwide Burger King company acquired the rights to the name for northern Alberta in 1995. The local Burger King chain had previously held franchising rights to Kentucky Fried Chicken, and had buildings in the then-standard KFC design. The Burger Baron on 111 Avenue 95 Street used to be owned by Wes Kemaldean formerly housed the Burger King headquarters along with a Burger King/Kentucky Fried Chicken outlet.
An attempt in the 1980s to return to a franchise system ended when independent owners were unable to reach agreement. A legal dispute over the trademark between family members of early owners was settled in the 1990s.
Currently there are four Burger Baron locations in Edmonton
Products
Burger Baron's typically provide multiple variations of Burgers, such as a "Salisbury Burger", and the "Pizza Burger". The mushroom Burger is Burger Baron's most popular. In recent years one of the chain's main features has been Halifax-style donairs, available only in certain locations.
Locations
Caroline
Carstairs
Bonnyville
Drayton Valley
Edmonton (4)
Hanna
High Prairie
Kelowna, BC
Lac La Biche
Lacombe
Lamont
Leduc
Maskwacis
Mayerthorpe
Onoway
Prince Albert
Raymond
Redwater
Rocky Mountain House
St. Paul
Sundre
Swan Hills
Tofield
Valleyview
Wabasca
Wainwright
Whitecourt
See also
List of hamburger restaurants
References
Further reading
"The Baron von Burgher leads an attack on our appetites", Vue Weekly, May 4, 2006
"The Last Baron" (video), Absolutely Canadian, CBC Gem
"The Mystery of the Lebanese Mushroom Burger", Quench Magazine, May 11, 2022
Fast-food chains of Canada
Regional restaurant chains in Canada
Fast-food hamburger restaurants
Restaurants established in 1957
Companies based in Lethbridge
Food and drink companies based in Alberta
Cuisine of Western Canada
Restaurants in Alberta
Sami Ben Gharbia is a Tunisian human rights campaigner, blogger, writer and freedom of expression advocate. He was a political refugee living in the Netherlands between 1998 and 2011. Sami is the author of the book (in French) Borj Erroumi XL. He is the Founding Director of the Advocacy arm of Global Voices Online and is a co-founder of the award-winning collective blog Nawaat, a Tunisian citizen journalism website which supported the Tunisian Revolution. He also co-founded The Arab Techies Collective and co-Organizer of The Arab Bloggers Conferences.
Role in Tunisian Revolution
Ben Gharbia supported bloggers in Tunisia after the government began a policy of Internet censorship in Tunisia.
Recognition
Foreign Policy named Sami Ben Gharbia as a major world influence in promoting government transparency.
Prince Claus Awards named Sami Ben Gharbia in 2012 for his innovative cyber-activism works mainly through social media.
Vrij Nederland named Sami Ben Gharbia as one of its 2012 Dwarsdenkers.
Yahoo! named Sami Ben Gharbia as one of the person of the year during the 2010 World Press Freedom for his work focused on Inter- net censorship.
Electronic Frontier Foundation awarded Nawaat's co-founders, including Ben Gharbia, with their 2011 Pioneer Award.
References
External links
profile on Global Voices Online
People of the Tunisian Revolution
Tunisian human rights activists
Tunisian bloggers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Gustav Püttjer (15 May 1886 – 11 August 1959) was a German film actor who appeared in around 150 feature films between 1927 and 1959. He largely played character parts. After the Second World War he settled in East Germany appearing in the films of the state-controlled company DEFA.
Selected filmography
The Fourth from the Right (1929)
The Last Company (1930)
Road to Rio (1931)
A Woman Branded (1931)
The Street Song (1931)
F.P.1 (1932)
Five from the Jazz Band (1932)
Haunted People (1932)
All is at Stake (1932)
Here's Berlin (1932)
A Bit of Love (1932)
The Importance of Being Earnest (1932)
Scandal on Park Street (1932)
Things Are Getting Better Already (1932)
Dreaming Lips (1932)
The House of Dora Green (1933)
Life Begins Tomorrow (1933)
Two Good Comrades (1933)
Black Fighter Johanna (1934)
Police Report (1934)
The Girlfriend of a Big Man (1934)
Decoy (1934)
The Voice of Love (1934)
The Four Musketeers (1934)
Artisten (1935)
Variety (1935)
Pillars of Society (1935)
Moscow-Shanghai (1936)
Under Blazing Heavens (1936)
Fridericus (1937)
Men Without a Fatherland (1937)
Strong Hearts in the Storm (1937)
Seven Slaps (1937)
Comrades at Sea (1938)
Monika (1938)
The Woman at the Crossroads (1938)
One Night in May (1938)
Red Orchids (1938)
Freight from Baltimore (1938)
The Great and the Little Love (1938)
Women for Golden Hill (1938)
Aufruhr in Damaskus (1939)
Men Are That Way (1939)
The Fox of Glenarvon (1940)
Diesel (1942)
Back Then (1943)
Melody of a Great City (1943)
The Woman of My Dreams (1944)
Chemistry and Love (1948)
Quartet of Five (1949)
The Great Mandarin (1949)
Bürgermeister Anna (1950)
Five Suspects (1950)
Der Kahn der fröhlichen Leute (1950)
The Call of the Sea (1951)
The Last Year (1951)
Stärker als die Nacht (1954)
Old Barge, Young Love (1957)
SAS 181 Does Not Reply (1959)
Bibliography
Shandley, Robert. Rubble Films: German Cinema in the Shadow of the Third Reich. Temple University Press, 2001.
Youngkin, Stephen D. The Lost One: A Life of Peter Lorre. University Press of Kentucky, 2005.
External links
1886 births
1959 deaths
German male film actors
German male silent film actors
Male actors from Hamburg
East German actors
20th-century German male actors
Jeremy Leo Kewley (born 16 August 1960) is an Australian actor, writer, producer and convicted child sex offender. He made his professional acting debut as an adolescent in the feature film The Devil's Playground (1976).
Early life
Kewley was born 16 August 1960 in Melbourne, Australia. While still at school, Kewley was discovered by Fred Schepisi and cast in The Devil's Playground. He then went on to appear in films such as Mad Dog Morgan, opposite Dennis Hopper and Jack Thompson, and the Bruce Beresford film The Getting of Wisdom, as well as television series including Bellbird, The Sullivans and Twenty Good Years. Kewley moved to Sydney in 1979 after he was cast in Arcade as Robbie Stewart.
Career
Television
Kewley appeared in numerous Australian television series including The Henderson Kids II, Prisoner, The Young Doctors, Thunderstone, Cop Shop, The Man From Snowy River, SeaChange, The Secret Life Of Us and Neighbours where he played Dr Adrian Ewart during 1995.
From 1994 to 1995, he appeared in the critically acclaimed ABC-TV drama series Janus (1995 Logie Award Winner for Best Drama Series and Best Actor) where he played the lead role of Crown Prosecutor Vic Manoulis.
In 1997, he began playing the recurring role of local Mount Thomas journalist Tony Timms in Blue Heelers until the series ended in 2006.
And from 2000 to 2004, he played Detective Senior Sergeant Bryan Gray in the Nine Network's undercover police series Stingers (Best Drama Series – 2004 AFI Awards).
In 2007, he appeared as Frank Parry QC opposite Jack Thompson and Colin Friels in the ABC-TV mini-series Bastard Boys, and began playing the recurring role of Adam Gardiner in the Nine Network's outback drama McLeod's Daughters.
In 2009/2010, he guest starred in popular Australian series like Bed of Roses and City Homicide.
In June 2010, he was cast in the first movie spin-off of Australian series Underbelly, Underbelly Files: Tell Them Lucifer was Here, which tells the story of two murdered police officers. Kewley played one of the lead roles in the Screentime movie which premiered on Australia's Nine Network in February 2011. In 2013 he was cast as notorious Melbourne underworld figure Des 'Tuppence' Moran in the nine-part series Fat Tony & Co. which premiered on the Nine Network in Australia on Sunday 23 February 2014.
Movies
He has starred in motion pictures including Amy (1998) opposite Rachel Griffiths, Disappearance (2002) a mystery thriller set in Nevada, in which he starred opposite Harry Hamlin and Susan Dey, and The X Team (2003) a snow-bound action adventure shot in the New Zealand Alps for Touchstone Pictures and Mandalay Pictures.
He plays the lead role of US film producer Jerry Goldman in Frank & Jerry (2012); plays Professor Weston-Smith Gurrie in 10 Terrorists (2012) directed by Dee McLachlan; and stars as Roy Rogers in The Legend Maker (2014) directed by Ian Pringle.
Comedy
For the Seven Network, he appeared in the situation comedy series Bligh and Wedlocked; for ABC-TV he was a regular in The Gerry Connolly Show sketch comedy series; made a number of appearances on Backberner; played one of the leads in the 1996 sit-com pilot Darling! and guest starred in episodes of The Adventures of Lano and Woodley, Pig's Breakfast, and the 2006 Hamish and Andy mock-current affairs series Real Stories.
In 2008, he appeared on Rove Live, and had recurring roles on the ABC-TV sit-com Very Small Business and the Australian version of the Disney Channel's As The Bell Rings.
In 2009, he starred in the eight-part comedy series Whatever Happened To That Guy? for The Comedy Channel on Foxtel and played the role of television network CEO Charles Kane in the pilot of the Foxtel comedy series I Can't Believe It's Not Better.
Audience warm-ups
One of only a handful of television audience warm-up comedians working in Australia, Kewley has worked on dozens of classic Australian television shows from Young Talent Time and Candid Camera on Australia to Australia's Brainiest Kid, National Bingo Night and the Marngrook Footy Show.
He has been the warm-up comedian for the AFL version of The Footy Show since it began in 1994, and as well as the weekly studio-based shows produced out of GTV 9 in Melbourne, he has also been part of all The Footy Show broadcasts live from Perth, Hobart, Adelaide and Sydney; the annual "Grand Final" specials in front of 13,000 people at Melbourne's Rod Laver Arena; the high-rating shows broadcast live from the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, in London in 2001 and 2005; and "The Footy Show World Cup Spectacular", broadcast live from the classic Prinzregententheater in Munich, Germany, in 2006.
Over the years he has also been the audience warm-up comedian for shows including The X Factor, 1 vs. 100, Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?, Backberner, Unreal TV, Quiz Master, Australia's Brainiest Celebrity Specials, In Melbourne Tonight, Comedy Inc, Difference Of Opinion and Temptation. Since 2011 he has been the audience warm-up artist for The Marngrook Footy Show.
He is also often employed as the Master of Ceremonies at big television events like the annual Australian Film Institute Awards.
And he has hosted pilots for his own television game shows including Punchlines (Seven Network), Pro-Am Quiz (Nine Network) and Run for the Money (Network Ten).
Theatre
Kewley spent seven years at Nero's Fiddle Theatre Restaurant (1984–1990), five years at French Nickers Theatre Restaurant (1991–1995) and ten years at Hunchbax Theatre Restaurant (1996–2006) performing in shows which he also wrote and directed. He created numerous shows at Hunchbax, including "Good Will Humping", "Forrest Hump", "Bravehump", "Raiders of the Lost Hump", "Dude, Where's My Hump?", "The Spy Who Humped Me", "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Humpy", "The Full Humpy" and "Hump-erectomy," many of which were choreographed by Jodie Greenwood.
In 2009, he appeared in the premiere of the Australian plays Friday Night, In Town and She's My Baby, and starred in the stage show Call Girl the Musical.
In 2010, he was cast as 'Glad Hand' in the revival of West Side Story and (from August 2010 to January 2011) played the role at Melbourne's famous Regent Theatre, Perth's Burswood Theatre, Adelaide's Festival Theatre, and the Lyric Theatre in Brisbane.
In 2011, as part of the 25th Annual Melbourne International Comedy Festival he starred in the play "It's All Fun and Games (Until Someone Gets Hurt)". Since 2011 he has played the lead roles in plays including Death of A Comedian, Equus, "Flesh Wound" and "Doomsday Devices".
Producer
In 1986, he wrote and produced the short thriller The Lake, and co-produced and co-directed the comedy The Skateboard Saga (1987) which won the 1987 Film Victoria Trophy; was named Best Short Film at the 1987 Melbourne International Film Festival; won Best Film at the 1987 Ten Best On 8 Film Festival.
He has produced over 200 television commercials and from 1989 to 1991 he was one of the writers and presenters and Associate Producer of Network Ten's Candid Camera On Australia and TVNZ's Candid Camera On New Zealand.
In 2003, he wrote, directed and appeared in the short comedy film Image Is Everything, shot as part of the Celebrity Film-maker Challenge for the Newcastle Shoot Out in NSW.
In 2000, he co-produced Funny By George: The George Wallace Story for ABC-TV, a one-hour documentary that detailed the life and times of George Wallace – Australia's great vaudeville performer and first comedy "movie star".
In 2001, he co-wrote and produced Young Talent Time Tells All, which became one of the highest rating Network Ten programs of the year, and in 2003 he created and co-produced a three-hour "special edition" DVD titled Young Talent Time: The Collection for Universal Pictures.
Radio
Between 2010 and 2013, Kewley appeared on Denis Walter's afternoon radio program on 3AW in a regular segment called Trivia with Jeremy Kewley.
Child sex abuse allegations and conviction
In December 2014, Kewley was charged with, and on 26 November 2015 he pleaded guilty to, multiple child sex offences. His abuses took place between 1989 and 2011. Most of his 16 victims, boys aged 9 to 14, were assaulted in 2011 during a series of screen tests.
On 17 May 2016, Kewley was sentenced to 23 months imprisonment on the charges which he pleaded guilty to. Kewley, then 55, pleaded guilty to 19 charges, including indecent acts with a child under 16, indecent assault, and making and possessing child pornography, which occurred between 1989 and 2011.
On 28 November 2018, concerns were raised that Kewley had worked at a Victorian primary school during the Victorian state election.
Community work
In 2006, Kewley was named Bega Valley Shire's Australia Day Ambassador.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Australian male television actors
Australian male stage actors
Australian male film actors
Australian people convicted of child sexual abuse
Australian people convicted of indecent assault
Australian television presenters
People convicted of child pornography offenses
People educated at Haileybury (Melbourne)
The city of Shenzhen, Guangdong, China is surrounded by numerous islands. Nonetheless, a significant portion of them falls under the territory of adjacent areas such as Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and Huiyang District, Huizhou. There are several islands under Shenzhen's jurisdiction, listed as follow.
List
See also
List of islands and peninsulas of Hong Kong
References
Shenzhen-related lists
Geography of Shenzhen
zh:深圳岛屿
Glimetoto Festival is an annual festival celebrated by the chiefs and people of Adaklu Traditional Area in the Volta Region of Ghana. It comprises Kpeve, Klikor, and Tsohor. It is usually celebrated in the month of November.
Celebrations
During the festival, there is a grand durbar of chiefs where most settlements are held. They also show the bravery of their ancestors in the form of war songs, drums and dances.
Significance
The festival is celebrated to commemorate the exodus of the people of Adaklu from Notsie in Togoland to their current place of abode.
References
Festivals in Ghana
Volta Region
Jan Erik Gustavsen (born 6 February 1946) is a former Norwegian cyclist. He competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kongsvinger
Norwegian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Norway
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
José Antonio del Busto Duthurburu (August 21, 1932 – December 25, 2006) was a Peruvian historian.
Biography
He completed his studies at the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru. After completing his studies he devoted himself to teaching and research and documentation on the history of the conquest and the Viceroyalty of Peru. At 25 he received his PhD in history, before he had studied Education with a major in History and Geography.
Was secretary to Bishop Fidel Tubino, when he served as rector of the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru (PUCP ). His teaching began in 1953 in the Pre condition Instructor Seminar was led by Dr. Luis Jaime Cisneros. He also served as Dean of the Faculty of Arts and Humanities, and General Studies Letters PUCP. He was appointed Emeritus Professor of Humanities in 1995. He also taught at several universities and military institutions like the Naval Academy Army Aviation Military School of Chorrillos ( EMCH ), and, among other institutions of higher education.
In 1967 he traveled to Oceania following the alleged footprints of the traveler Tupac Yupanqui, who was considered and credited with being the discoverer of the continent.
Mayor was appointed chronicler of the First Peruvian Scientific Expedition to Antarctica in 1982.
He was President of the Institute for Humanities Research of the University of Piura, a member of the National Academy of History of the Peruvian Society of History, Institute of Historical Studies Maritimes, the Peruvian Institute of History of Law, an honorary member of the Peruvian Academy of the Quechua and Aymara languages, corresponding member of the Royal Spanish Academy of History, National Academy of Argentina, Academy of Sciences of Buenos Aires, a fellow of the Peruvian Institute of Genealogical Research and Commander of the Order Spanish by Alfonso X the Wise. In 1983, he held the leadership of the National Institute of Culture. In 1968 he won the National Prize of Culture Inca Garcilaso de la Vega. In 1979 he received the Peruvian Cross of Naval Merit and the 2002 Civic Medal Lima.
In November 2006 he was awarded the Order of the Sun of Peru.
He questioned the decision of the Municipality of Lima removal Monument Pizarro the side of the Plaza Mayor. "They can get him out of there, but never in history," he said, and few understood what was actually defending the origin of Peru at the junction between conquerors and conquered. "There are no winners or losers, we are descendants of the victors and the vanquished," said another time.
Finally, after years of painful illness and consumed by cancer, died on December 25, being their veiled in the headquarters of the Riva- Agüero Institute, where he began his academic work and came to be the director, school that was always bound residues .
Works
El Conde de Nieva, Virrey del Perú - 1963
Francisco Pizarro, el Marqués Gobernador - 1966
La tesis universitaria - 1966
La casa de Peralta en el Perú - 1966
La expedición de Hernando Pizarro a Pachacamac - 1967
Perú pre-incaico - 1975
Perú incaico - 1977
Historia general del Perú: Descubrimiento y conquista - 1978
La conquista del Perú - 1981
La pacificación del Perú - 1984
José Gabriel Túpac Amaru antes de su rebelión - 1981
La Hueste Perulera: Selección de J.A. del Busto - 1981
Francisco Pizarro y Trujillo de Extremadura - 1983
Historia y leyenda del Viejo Barranco - 1985
Diccionario histórico biográfico de los conquistadores del Perú - 1987
Compendio de historia del Perú - 1983
San Martín de Porras::(Martín de Porras Velásquez) - 1992
Dos personajes de la conquista del Perú - 1969
Antártida: Historia y futuro - 1991
La tierra y la sangre de Francisco Pizarro - 1993
Historia general del Perú - 1994
Fundadores de ciudades en el Perú::(siglo XVI) - 1995
Tres ensayos peruanistas - 1998
Historia de la minería en el Perú - 1999
Breve historia de los negros del Perú - 2001
Pizarro - 2001
Los hijos del Sol - 2005
Túpac Yupanqui. Descubridor de Oceanía - 2006
References
20th-century Peruvian historians
Peruvian male writers
1932 births
2006 deaths
People from Lima
21st-century Peruvian historians
20th-century male writers
Christoffer Carlsson (born 15 January 1989) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Falkenbergs FF as a midfielder.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Landskrona BoIS players
Falkenbergs FF players
Hammarby Fotboll players
Swedish footballers
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
People from Falkenberg
Sportspeople from Halland County
Malayali Mamanu Vanakkam is a Malayalam language film directed by Rajasenan starring Jayaram, Prabhu, Kalabhavan Mani, Jagathy Sreekumar and Roja. It was released in 22 February 2002. The film was dubbed into Tamil as Gounder Veetu Maapillai, with additional scenes featuring Vadivelu, Venniradai Moorthy, M. S. Bhaskar and Lekhasri.
Plot
Anandakuttan's mother wants her daughter Anandavalli to be with the family for Anandakuttan's marriage to Revathy. So he takes up a trip on to Tamil Nadu in search of his sister and her husband Muniyandi along with his uncle Keshu.
Anandakuttan succeeds in finding his sister and she sends her daughter Parvathy with Anandakuttan to his home town, to prevent her from marrying Kannayya. However, Parvathy assumes that Anandakuttan is in love with her following the Tamil custom of Muraimaman (where uncles do marry their nieces). She falls in love with him and assumes his family also considers her as the fiancée of him without knowing that he was already engaged with Revathy. Anandakuttan wants to make her aware that in Kerala, it is a prohibited relationship as uncles have a fatherly figure without offending her. So he tries to bring Kannayya to his family to make her fall in love with him. However, she doesn't which results in a major issue in the family once they realised that Parvathy loved Anandakuttan.
Cast
Jayaram as Anandakuttan
Prabhu as Periyakulam Aruval Kannaiya
Kalabhavan Mani as Thirupathy Perumal/Muniyandi
Jagathy Sreekumar as Kesavan, Anandakuttan's younger uncle
Roja as Parvathi
Suja Karthika as Revathi
Srividya as Anandakuttan's mother
Shobha Mohan as Anandavalli
Oduvil Unnikrishnan as Narayana Kurup, Anandakuttan's elder uncle
P.Balachandran as Easwaran Pillai, Revathi's father
Sudheesh as Kammath (lodge receptionist)
Machan Varghese as Chinnaiya
Sruthi Nair (Devika Rani) as Vichithra
Kalliyoor Sasi in a cameo appearance as Anandvalli's first husband
References
2002 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Rajasenan
Troy Davenport Neiman (born November 13, 1990) is an American professional baseball relief pitcher who is currently a free agent. He is 6' 6", and weighs 230 pounds.
Neiman pitched in college for the Chico State Wildcats, finishing his career there with the second-lowest ERA in university history (1.89), and the 10th-best career winning percentage (.722) and number of strikeouts (126). In July 2013 the Colorado Rockies signed him as a free agent to a minor league contract. Through 2017, in his minor league career—exclusively as a relief pitcher—he was 23-10 with a 3.34 ERA, had struck out 304 batters in 301.2 innings, and kept opposing batters to a batting average of .230.
Neiman pitched for Team Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic.
Early life
Neiman was born in Castaic, California, and is Jewish. His paternal grandfather is a sound technician who has won an Academy Award for technical innovation and two Emmy Awards. He pitched for Valencia High School in Santa Clarita, California.
College
Neiman pitched in college for the Chico State Wildcats, finishing his career there with the second-lowest ERA in university history (1.89), and the 10th-best career winning percentage (.722) and number of strikeouts (126). In February 2013 he pitched the first six innings of the first no-hitter in team history, and was only removed because he was on a strict pitch count. For February 4–10, 2013, he was named Rawlings/California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA) Baseball Pitcher of the Week. He was voted to the 2013 National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association (NCBWA) All-West-Region Second Team and the 2013 All-CCAA Baseball Second Team.
Minor leagues
Neiman was undrafted out of Chico State University in the 2013 Major League Baseball draft. In July 2013 the Colorado Rockies signed him as a free agent to a minor league contract.
He began his professional career in 2013 with the Tri-City Dust Devils of the A− Northwest League. In 12 games he was 2-1 with a 3.86 ERA.
In 2014 Neiman pitched for the Asheville Tourists of the A South Atlantic League. In 47 games he was 7-1 with a 1.59 ERA, and in 79 innings he struck out 89 batters. In 2015 and 2016 he pitched for the Modesto Nuts of the A+ California League. In 2015, in 40 games he was 3-2 with a 4.76 ERA, and in 2016 in 45 games he was 7-4 with a 3.55 ERA and struck out 83 batters in 71 innings.
In 2017 he pitched for the Hartford Yard Goats of the Double-A Eastern League, again playing for Manager Jerry Weinstein who had managed him months earlier than manager of Team Israel in the World Baseball Classic. In 35 relief appearances he was 4-2 with a 3.66 ERA.
Through 2017, in his minor league career—exclusively as a relief pitcher—he was 23-10 with a 3.34 ERA, had struck out 304 batters in 301.2 innings, and kept opposing batters to a batting average of .230. On December 19, 2017, Neiman was released by the Rockies.
Team Israel
Neiman was on the roster for Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic qualifier, but he did not make an appearance during the tournament.
He pitched for Team Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic, in March 2017. Neiman pitched against Chinese-Taipei and the Netherlands.
References
External links
Twitter
1990 births
Living people
Asheville Tourists players
Baseball players from California
Chico State Wildcats baseball players
Jewish American baseball players
Modesto Nuts players
People from Castaic, California
Tri-City Dust Devils players
2017 World Baseball Classic players
21st-century American Jews
An astronomical filter is a telescope accessory consisting of an optical filter used by amateur astronomers to simply improve the details and contrast of celestial objects, either for viewing or for photography. Research astronomers, on the other hand, use various band-pass filters for photometry on telescopes, in order to obtain measurements which reveal objects' astrophysical properties, such as stellar classification and placement of a celestial body on its Vienna curve.
Most astronomical filters work by blocking a specific part of the color spectrum above and below a bandpass, significantly increasing the signal-to-noise ratio of the interesting wavelengths, and so making the object gain detail and contrast. While the color filters transmit certain colors from the spectrum and are usually used for observation of the planets and the Moon, the polarizing filters work by adjusting the brightness, and are usually used for the Moon. The broad-band and narrow-band filters transmit the wavelengths that are emitted by the nebulae (by the Hydrogen and Oxygen atoms), and are frequently used for reducing the effects of light pollution.
Filters have been used in astronomy at least since the solar eclipse of May 12, 1706.
Solar filters
White light filters
Solar filters block most of the sunlight to avoid any damage to the eyes. Proper filters are usually made from a durable glass or polymer film that transmits only 0.00001% of the light. For safety, solar filters must be securely fitted over the objective of a refracting telescope or aperture of a reflecting telescope so that the body does not heat up significantly.
Small solar filters threaded behind eyepieces do not block the radiation entering the scope body, causing the telescope to heat up greatly, and it's not unknown for them to shatter from thermal shock. Therefore, most experts do not recommend such solar filters for eyepieces, and some stockists refuse to sell them or remove them from telescope packages. According to NASA: "Solar filters designed to thread into eyepieces that are often provided with inexpensive telescopes are also unsafe. These glass filters can crack unexpectedly from overheating when the telescope is pointed at the Sun, and retinal damage can occur faster than the observer can move the eye from the eyepiece."
Solar filters are used to safely observe and photograph the Sun, which despite being white, may appear as a yellow-orange disk. A telescope with these filters attached can directly and properly view details of solar features, especially sunspots and granulation on the surface, as well as solar eclipses and transits of the inferior planets Mercury and Venus across the solar disk.
Narrowband filters
The Herschel Wedge is a prism-based device combined with a neutral-density filter that directs most of the heat and ultraviolet rays out of the telescope, generally giving better results than most filter types. The H-alpha filter transmits the H-alpha spectral line for viewing solar flares and prominences invisible through common filters. These H-alpha filters are much narrower than those use for night H-alpha observing (see Nebular filters below), passing only 0.05 nm (0.5 angstrom) for one common model, compared with 3 nm-12 nm or more for night filters. Due to the narrow bandpass and temperature shifts often telescopes like that are tunable within about a ±0.05 nm.
NASA included the following filters on the Solar Dynamics Observatory, of which only one is visible to human eyes (450.0 nm): 450.0 nm, 170.0 nm, 160.0 nm, 33.5 nm, 30.4 nm, 19.3 nm, 21.1 nm, 17.1 nm, 13.1 nm, and 9.4 nm. These were chosen for temperature, instead of particular emission lines, as are many narrowband filters such as the H-alpha line mentioned above.
Color filters
Color filters work by absorption/transmission, and can tell which part of the spectrum they are reflecting and transmitting. Filters can be used to increase contrast and enhance the details of the Moon and planets. All of the visible spectrum colors each have a filter, and every color filter is used to bring a certain lunar and planetary feature; for example, the #8 yellow filter is used to show Mars's maria and Jupiter's belts.
The Wratten system is the standard number system used to refer to the color filter types. It was first manufactured by Kodak in 1909.
Professional filters are also colored, but their bandpass centers are placed around other midpoints (such as in the UBVRI and Cousins systems).
Some common color filters and their uses are:
Chromatic aberration filters: Used for reduction of the purplish halo, caused by chromatic aberration of refracting telescopes. Such halo can obscure features of bright objects, especially Moon and planets. These filters have no effect on observing faint objects.
Red: Reduces sky brightness, particularly during daylight and twilight observations. Improves definition of maria, ice, and polar areas of Mars. Improves contrast of blue clouds against background of Jupiter and Saturn.
Deep yellow: Improves resolution of atmospheric features of Venus, Jupiter (especially in polar regions), and Saturn. Increases contrast of polar caps, clouds, ice and dust storms on Mars. Enhances comet tails.
Dark green: Improves cloud patterns on Venus. Reduces sky brightness during daylight observation of Venus. Increases contrast of ice and polar caps on Mars. Improves visibility of the Great Red Spot on Jupiter and other features in Jupiter atmosphere. Enhances white clouds and polar regions on Saturn.
Medium blue: Enhances contrast of Moon. Increases contrast of faint shading of Venus clouds. Enhances surface features, clouds, ice and dust storms on Mars. Enhances definition of boundaries between features in atmospheres of Jupiter and Saturn. Improves definition of comet gas tails.
Moon filters
Neutral density filters, also known in astronomy as Moon filters, are another approach for contrast enhancement and glare reduction. They work simply by blocking some of the object's light to enhance the contrast. Neutral density filters are mainly used in traditional photography, but are used in astronomy to enhance lunar and planetary observations.
Polarizing filters
Polarizing filters adjust the brightness of images to a better level for observing, but much less so than solar filters. With these types of filter, the range of transmission varies from 3% to 40%. They are usually used for the observation of the Moon, but may also be used for planetary observation. They consist of two polarizing layers in a rotating aluminum cell, which changes the amount of transmission of the filter by rotating them. This reduction in brightness and improvement in contrast can reveal the lunar surface features and details, especially when it is near full. Polarizing filters should not be used in place of solar filters designed specially for observing the sun.
Nebular filters
Narrowband
Narrow-band filters are astronomical filters which transmit only a narrow band of spectral lines from the spectrum (usually 22 nm bandwidth, or less). They are mainly used for nebulae observation. Emission nebulae mainly radiate the doubly ionized oxygen in the visible spectrum, which emits near 500 nm wavelength. These nebulae also radiate weakly at 486 nm, the Hydrogen-beta line.
There are two main types of Narrowband filters: Ultra-high contrast (UHC), and specific emission line(s) filters.
Specific Emission line filters
Specific emission line (or lines) filters are used to isolate line or lines of specific elements or molecules to allow for being able to see the distribution within Nebula. This is a common method to produce false color images. Common filters are often used for the Hubble Space Telescope, forming the so-called HST-pallet, with colors assigned as such: Red = S-II; Green = H-alpha; Blue = O-III. These filters will commonly be specified with a second figure in nm, which refers to how wide a band is passed, which may cause it to exclude or include other lines. For example, H-alpha at 656 nm, may pick up N-II (at 658–654 nm), some filters will block most of the N-II if they are 3 nm wide.
Commonly used lines / filters are:
H-Alpha Hα / Ha (656 nm) from the Balmer series is emitted by HII Regions and is one of the stronger sources.
H-Beta Hβ / Hb (486 nm) from the Balmer series is visible from stronger sources.
O-III (496 nm and 501 nm) filters allow for both of the Oxygen-III lines to pass through. This is strong in many Emission nebulae.
S-II (672 nm) filters show the Sulfur-II line.
Less common lines/filters:
He-II (468 nm)
He-I: (587 nm)
O-I: (630 nm)
Ar-III: (713 nm)
CA-II Ca-K/Ca-H: (393 and 396 nm) For solar observing, shows the sun with the K and H Fraunhofer lines
N-II (658 nm and 654 nm) Often included in wider H-alpha filters
Methane (889 nm) allowing clouds to be seen on the gas giants, Venus and (with filter) the Sun.
Ultra-High Contrast filters
Known commonly as UHC filters, these filters consist of things which allow multiple strong common emission lines to pass through, which also has the effect of the similar Light Pollution Reduction filters (see below) of blocking most light sources.
The UHC filters range from 484 to 506 nm. It transmits both the O-III and H-beta spectral lines, blocks a large fraction of light pollution, and brings the details of planetary nebula and most emission nebulae under a dark sky.
Broadband
The broadband, or light pollution reduction (LPR), filters are designed to block the Sodium and Mercury vapor light, and also block natural skyglow such as the auroral light. This allows observing nebulae from the city and light polluted skies. Broadband filters differ from narrowband with the range of wavelengths transmission. LED lighting is more broadband so it is not blocked, although white LEDs have a considerably lower output around 480 nm, which is close to O III and H-beta wavelength. Broadband filters have a wider range because a narrow transmission range causes a fainter image of sky objects, and since the work of these filters is revealing the details of nebulae from light polluted skies, it has a wider transmission for more brightness. These filters are particularly designed for galaxy observation and photography, and not useful with other deep sky objects such as emission nebulae. However, they can still improve the contrast between the DSOs and the background sky, which may clarify the image.
See also
Infrared cut-off filter
List of telescope parts and construction
Optical filter
Photographic filter
Photometric system
UBV photometric system
References
Optical telescope components
Astrophotography
Astronomical imaging
Optical filters
William P. Shannahan (February 2, 1870 – October 22, 1937) was a late 19th and early 20th century Catholic priest in the United States who was the third president of St. Ambrose College in Davenport, Iowa from 1906 to 1915.
Biography
Shannahann, whose nickname was "Big Bill", was born in Wilton, Iowa and raised in Williamsburg, Iowa. He was the St. Ambrose football team's first captain, and graduated from the institution in 1896. He studied for the priesthood at St. Paul Seminary and was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Davenport on May 8, 1899 in St. Paul, Minnesota by Archbishop John Ireland. After ordination he spent a year in graduate studies at The Catholic University of America in Washington, DC.
Shannahan taught in the philosophy department before taking his role as the president. During his term, the second east wing of Ambrose Hall was built in 1908, which contained an auditorium, classrooms, and living quarters. After leaving St. Ambrose, Shannahan was named pastor at St. Patrick's Church in Iowa City where he served until he was appointed as the rector and pastor of Sacred Heart Cathedral and vicar general of the diocese in 1932.
Bishop Henry Rohlman nominated Shannahan twice for Papal honors; the first time as a Domestic Prelate and the second time as a Protonotary Apostolic. Both honors were bestowed by Pope Pius XI. In the 1930s he worked with Msgrs. Martin Cone and George Giglinger to develop a local radio program on WOC that featured Catholic topics. Msgr. Shannahan died on October 22, 1937 at the age of 67.
References
1870 births
1937 deaths
Catholic University of America alumni
Presidents of St. Ambrose University
Roman Catholic Diocese of Davenport
St. Ambrose University faculty
People from Davenport, Iowa
American Roman Catholic priests
People from Wilton, Iowa
People from Williamsburg, Iowa
Religious leaders from Iowa
Catholics from Iowa
Erik Jørgensen is a Danish furniture company. It has its own design team and also works with external designers.
History
Erik Jørgensen founded his company as a small workshop in Svendborg in 1954. Within a few years, the company developed into a well-reputed furniture upholstering company.
Designers
Foersom and Hiort-Lorenzen
Louise Campbell
Poul M. Volther
Anne-Mette Jensen and Morten Ernst
Niels Gammelgaard
Hans Wegner
David Lewis
Erik Ole Jørgensen
Jørgen Gammelgaard
Tine Mouritsen and Mia Sinding
Hannes Wettstein
Furniture
Ox chair (Wegner)
Corona chair (Volther)
In Duplo sofa (Jensen & Ernst)
Awards
Wallpaper Design Award (sofa category) for *'In Duplo'' sofa
References
External links
Official website
Furniture companies of Denmark
Design companies established in 1954
1954 establishments in Denmark
Manufacturing companies established in 1954
Danish companies established in 1954
Guixi () is a county-level city under the jurisdiction of the prefecture-level city of Yingtan, Jiangxi Province, China, bordering Fujian Province to the southeast.
The city covers two-thirds of the land area in the municipal region. Like Yuehu District, the prefectural seat, Guixi's centre Xiongshi lies on the Xin River ().
Administration
The city executive, legislature and judiciary are in Xiongshi Town (), together with the CPC and PSB branches.
In the present, Guixi City has 3 subdistricts, 13 towns, 6 townships and 1 ethnic Township.
3 Subdistricts (街道, jie dao)
Huayuan ()
Xiongshi ()
Dongmen ()
13 Towns (镇, zhen)
6 Townships (乡, xiang)
1 Ethnic Township (族乡, zu xiang)
She Zhangping Township ()
Climate
Transportation
Rail
Guixi is a railroad junction for the Anhui–Jiangxi and the Zhejiang-Jiangxi Railways.
Notes and references
County-level divisions of Jiangxi
"Who I Am" is a song written by Brett James and Troy Verges, and recorded by American country music artist Jessica Andrews. It was released in November 2000 as the first single and title track from her album of the same name.
Background
In a 2001 interview, Andrews explained that she recorded the song (which was written by Brett James and Troy Verges) because she felt that its lyrics were especially fitting to her own life: "Everything is so true in that song, except that my grandmother's name is not Rosemary. It's about believing in yourself and being supported by those around you. No matter how many mistakes you make, your friends and family will be there for you."
Content
The song is a mid tempo country song in which the narrator tells of how, no matter what her future, she will be satisfied with her life, because she is confident about herself, and she knows that her peers will still support her.
Use in media
Sections of this song are featured in the opening theme of TV police drama Sue Thomas: F.B.Eye. It also appeared on an episode of Lizzie McGuire.
Critical reception
Rick Cohoon of Allmusic described the song favorably, saying that it "seems to echo Andrews' self-confidence in moving forward to face the challenges of the music industry".
Music video
The song's video, directed by filmmaker Jon Ragel, focuses mainly on Andrews singing in a flower field, on a swing, and beside a brick wall. Actual home footage of her childhood is interspersed throughout the video, and it ends with her waking up in bed and smiling, having dreamt the whole thing.
Cover versions
Country music artist Danielle Bradbery featured a cover of "Who I Am" on the deluxe version of her debut album Danielle Bradbery, having sung this song as a tribute to her family during the semi-finals of Season 4 of The Voice, which she eventually won.
Chart performance
The song has sold 361,000 copies in the US as of June 2013.
Year-end charts
References
2000 singles
Jessica Andrews songs
Songs written by Brett James
Songs written by Troy Verges
Song recordings produced by Byron Gallimore
DreamWorks Records singles
Television drama theme songs
2000 songs
Frans Lamberechts (7 March 1909 – 1988) was a Belgian sculptor. His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1909 births
1988 deaths
20th-century Belgian sculptors
20th-century male artists
Belgian sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Molenbeek-Saint-Jean
Stanley Peter Dromisky (born 25 June 1931) was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 to 2004. By career, he has been a professor and a director of the Thunder Bay Art Gallery.
Born in Fort William, Ontario, Dromisky first attempted to enter Parliament for the Thunder Bay—Atikokan electoral district during the 1988 federal election but lost to incumbent NDP candidate Iain Angus. He defeated Angus in the riding in the 1993 election and was re-elected in 1997 and 2000. Dromisky served in the 35th, 36th, and 37th Canadian Parliaments.
He retired from politics in 2004.
Education
Teaching Certificate: Canadore College
Bachelor of Arts: University of Western Ontario
Bachelor of Education (BEd): University of Toronto
Master of Education (MEd): University of Wisconsin–Superior
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD): University of Florida
Electoral record
|}
|}
|}
|}
References
External links
1931 births
Living people
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Politicians from Thunder Bay
University of Florida alumni
University of Toronto alumni
University of Wisconsin–Superior alumni
University of Western Ontario alumni
21st-century Canadian politicians
Jean-Pascal Chaigne (born 1977) is a French composer.
Following initial studies at the Conservatoire National de Région de Tours and the University of Tours, he was admitted to the Conservatoire de Paris where he obtained first prizes in analysis, harmony, orchestration, counterpoint and 20th century music writing. He then entered the composition class of the conservatoire, studying with Emmanuel Nunes and Stefano Gervasoni, obtaining in 2009 a unanimous first prize in composition. Holding a PhD in musicology and author of several analytical articles, Jean-Pascal Chaigne also conducts research activity, thus nourishing his reflexion on musical creation. After teaching in the universities of Nice and Saint-Etienne, at the conservatory of Annecy and then at the Haute Ecole de Musique de Genève (Geneva University of Music), he is now professor and researcher at the Haute Ecole de Musique Vaud Valais Fribourg (Lausanne Conservatory).
Works
Solo instrument
De miroir, d'absence (2016) for viola da gamba
L'énigme et son sommeil (2011, after Kardia by Claude Royet-Journoud) for soprano
L'épaisseur d'un cri (2012) for traverso (baroque flute)
Hymne I (2010) for flute
Hymne II (2013) for percussion
Objets I (2007) for bass clarinet
Soit donc cela I (2013) for harpsichord
Soit donc cela II (2013) for organ
Trace (2014) for double bass
Vertical et blanc I (2006-revised 2009) for cello
Vertical et blanc II (2009) for viola
Vertical et blanc III (2009-revised 2011) for violin
Wie ein Toter (2013) for cello
Chamber ensemble
...an die Nacht I (2013) for solo flute, string trio, piano and percussion
Aux limites sourdes (2015) for solo violin, percussion and three female voices
Césure : le corps (2010, after a poem by Anne-Marie Albiach) for mezzo-soprano and violin
Dans la ligne des paupières (2013, after a poem by Anne-Marie Albiach) for soprano and string quartet
De sa disparition (2013) for female voice, Celtic harp and cello
Dire I (2013) for two pianos
Dire II (2014) for clarinet, percussion, piano, violin, viola and cello
L'élaboration du silence (2012, after a poem by Anne-Marie Albiach) for three female voices or female chorus
Entaille for string quartet (2015)
Hymne III (in progress) for piano and percussion
Hymne V (2018) for piccolo and xylophone
Hymne VI (2010) for flute, piano and percussion
Immer wieder Angst (2016, after Kafka) for soprano, flute, clarinet, violin, cello and piano
Objets II (2008) for cello octet
Objets III - L'amant et l'image (2012, after a poem by Claude Royet-Journoud) for mezzo-soprano, flute, guitar, percussion and violin
Objets IV (2011) for saxophone quartet
Reflet for clarinet, violin and cello (2014)
Répétition (2004- revised 2010, after a poem by Anne-Marie Albiach) for mezzo-soprano, string trio and harpsichord
Strates (2010, after a poem by Anne-Marie Albiach) for mezzo-soprano, viola, cello and harpsichord
Trois mouvements for string quartet (2009)
La voix extrême la lumière (2010, after a poem by Anne-Marie Albiach) for mezzo-soprano, cello and harpsichord
Orchestra / Vocal ensemble
...an die Nacht II (2013, after a poem by Novalis) for solo percussionist, four percussionists and mixed choir
Der Bau (2011), monodrama for narrator, vocal sextet and orchestra, from the Franz Kafka's novella Der Bau
L'élaboration du silence (2012, after a poem by Anne-Marie Albiach) for three female voices or female choir
Figurations (2009) for string trio and chamber orchestra
Figuration I (2007) for cello and chamber orchestra
Figuration III / La trajectoire du souffle (2011) for violin and large orchestra
Ma voix te suit (2011, after Kardia by Claude Royet-Journoud) for a cappella choir (SATB)
Shlof (2015) for vocal sextet, after a Yiddish lullaby; excerpt from the monodrama Der Bau
Ludwig van Beethoven Sonate 15 opus 28 n°1 (2003) [orchestration] for orchestra
Arnold Schönberg Three pieces opus 11 n°1 (2004) [orchestration] for large orchestra
Arnold Schönberg Three pieces opus 11 n°2 (2005) [orchestration] for large orchestra
Cycles
Triptych after Kafka
Der Bau for narrator, vocal sextet and chamber orchestra
Immer wieder Angst for soprano, flute, clarinet, violin, cello and piano
Wie ein Toter for cello
Le travail du silence cycle (after Roger Giroux):
L'épaisseur d'un cri, for traverso (baroque flute)
Soit donc cela I, for harpsichord
Soit donc cela II, for organ
De miroir, d'absence, for viola da gamba
Cet abîme d'étoiles, for theorbo [en cours d'écriture]
Objets cycle
Objets I for bass clarinet
Objets II for cello octet
Objets III for mezzo-soprano, flute, guitar, percussion and violin
Objets IV for saxophone quartet
Mezza Voce cycle, after Mezza Voce by Anne-Marie Albiach
Césure : le corps for mezzo-soprano and violin
Vertical et blanc I for cello
La voix extrême la lumière for mezzo-soprano, cello and harpsichord
Vertical et blanc II for viola
Strates for mezzo-soprano, viola, cello and harpsichord
Vertical et blanc III for violin
Répétition for mezzo-soprano, string trio and harpsichord
Kardia diptych, after Kardia by Claude Royet-Journoud
L'énigme et son sommeil for soprano
Ma voix te suit for a cappella choir (SATB)
Hymnes à la nuit cycle, after Hymnen an die Nacht by Novalis
Hymne I for flute
Hymne II for percussion
Hymne III for piano and percussion
Hymne IV for piano
Hymne V for flute and percussion
Hymne VI for flute, piano and percussion
Les chiffres du corps triptych
Trace for double bass
Reflet for clarinet, violin and cello
Entaille for string quartet
Awards
Francis and Mica Salabert Foundation Prize (2009)
Second Prize of the Mottini Competition 2012 for young composers
Selected in the Ensemble Aleph's 7th International Forum in 2014 for his composition Dire II.
Discography
« Dédicaces » (2010): Jean-Marc Fessard, bass clarinet (Quantum – Codaex); Objets I for bass clarinet is recorded on this CD
External links
Jean-Pascal Chaigne - Official Web Site
Jean-Pascal Chaigne - YouTube
IVe rencontre des doctorants (RITM/CTEL, Université de Nice-Sophia Antipolis), 1er-2 juin 2006
1977 births
21st-century classical composers
University of Tours alumni
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
French classical composers
French male classical composers
Living people
21st-century French composers
