Ennutsiak (also known as Innutsiak or Eenutsia) (18961967) was an Inuit sculptor. Living on Baffin Island, he depicted scenes of daily life in the Arctic. His work is held by several museums, including the Art Gallery of Toronto and the National Gallery of Canada.
Early life
Originally from Nunavik, he spent most of his life traveling around Baffin Island and eventually settled in Iqaluit.
Career
His work mostly depicts scenes of daily life in the Arctic, such as women giving birth and men butchering seals and walruses. He worked in soapstone, also known as steatite.
His disc number (assigned by the Canadian government) is E7603.
Later life and legacy
Ennutsiak was the grandfather of writer Alootook Ipellie.
His work is held in the permanent collections of several museums, including the Art Gallery of Ontario, the National Gallery of Canada, the Winnipeg Art Gallery, the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, the Canadian Museum of History, the Berwick Museum and Art Gallery, the University of Michigan Museum of Art, the McMaster Museum of Art, the Collection of the University of Saskatchewan, the Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre, and the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.
References
1896 births
1967 deaths
Inuit sculptors
20th-century Canadian sculptors
Inuit from Quebec
Inuit from Nunavut
Canadian male sculptors
Artists from Quebec
Artists from Nunavut
20th-century Canadian male artists
The Ministry of Labor and Social Security of Chile is an entity of the state of Chile.
Its current minister is Jeannette Jara.
List of representatives
2010−present
References
External Link
Government ministries of Chile
The Serra de Tramuntana (, ) is a mountain range running southwest–northeast which forms the northern backbone of the Spanish island of Mallorca. It is also the name given to the comarca of the same area. On 27 June 2011, the Tramuntana Range was awarded World Heritage Status by UNESCO as an area of great physical and cultural significance.
Geography
The highest peak is the Puig Major, which at 1,445 metres, is the highest mountain in the Balearic Islands. It is closely followed by the Puig de Massanella, which stands at 1,364 metres.
The climate in the Tramuntana Range is significantly wetter than the rest of the island, recording as much as 1507 mm (59.3 inches) of precipitation per year, in comparison with some other parts of the island where annual rainfall is less than 400mm (15 inch). It is also cooler due to the altitude, and a few days of snow are not unusual during winter.
The Serra de Na Burguesa is the southernmost portion of the Tramuntana Range.
Coll de Cal Reis
Coll de Cal Reis is a mountain saddle in the Serra de Tramuntana range on the Ballearic Island of Mallorca. To the west of the saddle a ridge extends up to the highest point of the island, the Puig Major, whilst east of the saddle, there is only a minor side peak, the Moleta de Cals Reis.
The highway Ma-2141 leads over the saddle down to the beach town of Sa Calobra, one of the supposed most picturesque roads of Spain.
The road is also a famous target for road cyclists.
Municipalities in the region
Population as at 1 January 2008
Environmental protection
In June 2011, the entire mountain range, which has been preserved as an important nature reserve, outstanding in their geology and forest cover and harboring a diversity of plant and animal species, away from rapid urbanization, was listed as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. The UNESCO introductory statement refers to:
The Cultural Landscape of the Serra de Tramuntana located on a sheer-sided mountain range parallel to the north-western coast of the island of Mallorca. Millennia of agriculture in an environment with scarce resources has transformed the terrain and displays an articulated network of devices for the management of water revolving around farming units of feudal origins. The landscape is marked by agricultural terraces and inter-connected water works - including water mills - as well as dry stone constructions and farms.
References
External links
Serra de Tramuntana - UNESCO World Heritage status 2010, Cultural Landscape
Information on the Serra de Tramuntana
Serra de Tramuntana of Mallorca, World Heritage Site
walking route to experience the Dry Stone Route in Tramuntana Range - Mallorca
Serra de Tramuntana - Facebook
Serra de Tramuntana - Twitter
Landforms of Mallorca
Tramuntana
Comarcas of the Balearic Islands
World Heritage Sites in Spain
Jerry Williams Jr. (born July 12, 1942), generally credited under the pseudonym Swamp Dogg after 1970, is an American soul and R&B singer, musician, songwriter and record producer. Williams has been described as "one of the great cult figures of 20th century American music."
After recording as Little Jerry and Little Jerry Williams in the 1950s and 1960s, he reinvented himself as Swamp Dogg, releasing a series of satirical, offbeat, and eccentric recordings, as well as continuing to write and produce for other musicians. He debuted his new sound on the Total Destruction to Your Mind album in 1970. In the 1980s, he helped to develop Alonzo Williams' World Class Wreckin' CRU, which produced Dr. Dre among others. He continues to make music, releasing Love, Loss & Autotune on Joyful Noise Recordings in 2018, Sorry You Couldn't Make It in 2020,<ref name=rc>Lois Wilson, "The Woof Is Out There", Record Collector, #504, April 2020, pp.74-77</ref> and I Need A Job...So I Can Buy More Auto-Tune in 2022 on Don Giovanni Records.
Biography
Early life and recording career
Williams was born in Portsmouth, Virginia. He made his first recording, "HTD Blues (Hardsick Troublesome Downout Blues)", for the Mechanic record label in 1954, when he was aged 12, with his parents and uncle and backing musicians, and was regularly hired to play private parties. From 1960, he released occasional singles for a variety of labels, including the self-written "I'm The Lover Man" in 1964, which was first issued on the Southern Sound label and was then picked up by the larger Loma label, almost breaking into the national Billboard Hot 100. He also wrote successfully for other musicians, including "Big Party" for Barbara and the Browns.
As Little Jerry Williams, he had his first national chart success in 1966, when "Baby You're My Everything", which he co-wrote and produced, was released on the Calla label and rose to #32 on the R&B chart, again just missing the Hot 100. He released several more singles on Calla through to 1967, by now credited simply as Jerry Williams, but with little commercial success, although some of his records such as "If You Ask Me (Because I Love You)" later became staples of the Northern Soul movement in the UK.
By late 1967 he started working in A&R and other duties for the Musicor label in New York. In 1968 he co-wrote, with Charlie Foxx, Gene Pitney's up-tempo hit, "She's a Heartbreaker", which Williams also claimed to have produced, saying: "I produced the motherfuck out of it... [and] Charlie Foxx put me down on the label as "vocal arranger." What the fuck is that? When they took out full-page ads in Billboard and Cashbox, there was a picture of Charlie on one side and a picture of Gene Pitney on the other and no mention of me."
Later in 1968 Williams began working as a producer at Atlantic Records with Jerry Wexler and Phil Walden, on artists including Patti LaBelle & the Blue Belles, though he found the administration frustrating. He established a songwriting partnership with Gary Anderson, who performed as Gary U.S. Bonds, and the pair wrote the R&B chart hits "To the Other Woman (I'm the Other Woman)" by Doris Duke, and "She Didn't Know (She Kept on Talking)" by Dee Dee Warwick. He also recorded a single, "I Got What It Takes", in a duo with Brooks O'Dell, and released two singles under his own name on the Cotillion label, a subsidiary of the Atlantic.
Work as Swamp Dogg
Williams later wrote:
I became Swamp Dogg in 1970 in order to have an alter-ego and someone to occupy the body while the search party was out looking for Jerry Williams, who was mentally missing in action due to certain pressures, mal-treatments and failure to get paid royalties on over fifty single records.... Most all of the tracks included were recorded in Muscle Shoals, Alabama, and Macon, Georgia, which brings me to how the name Swamp Dogg came about. Jerry Wexler, Atlantic Records v.p. and producer/innovator second to none, was recording in the newly discovered mecca of funk Muscle Shoals, Alabama. He coined the term "Swamp Music" for this awesome funk predominately played by all white musicians accompanying the R'n'B institutions e.g., Wilson Pickett, Aretha Franklin, King Curtis... I was also using the same "swamp" players. I was tired of being a jukebox, singing all of the hits by Chuck Jackson, Ben E. King, etc., and being an R'n'B second banana. I couldn't dance as good as Joe Tex, wasn't pretty like Tommy Hunt, couldn't compare vocally to Jackie Wilson and I didn't have the sex appeal of Daffy Duck. I wanted to sing about everything and anything and not be pigeonholed by the industry. So I came up with the name Dogg because a dog can do anything, and anything a dog does never come as a real surprise; if he sleeps on the sofa, shits on the rug, pisses on the drapes, chews up your slippers, humps your mother-in-law's leg, jumps on your new clothes and licks your face, he's never gotten out of character. You understand what he did, you curse while making allowances for him but your love for him never diminishes. Commencing in 1970, I have sung about sex, niggers, love, rednecks, war, peace, dead flies, home wreckers, Sly Stone, my daughters, politics, revolution and blood transfusions (just to name a few), and never got out of character. Recording in Alabama and sincerely singing/writing about items that interested me, gave birth to the name Swamp Dogg.
Having adopted his moniker before Snoop Dogg was born, he has claimed to be "the original D-O double G".
In 1970, he emerged in his new Swamp Dogg persona, with two singles on Wally Roker's Canyon label, "Mama's Baby, Daddy's Maybe", again co-written with Bonds, and "Synthetic World". He also produced the first Swamp Dogg album, Total Destruction to Your Mind. The album sleeve showed Williams sitting in his underwear on a pile of garbage. Williams' new direction apparently followed an LSD trip, and was inspired by the radical politics of the time and by Frank Zappa's use of satire, while showing his own expertise in, and commitment to, deep soul and R&B music. According to Allmusic: "In sheer musical terms, Swamp Dogg is pure Southern soul, anchored on tight grooves and accentuated by horns, but the Dogg is as much about message as music..." Although not a commercial success at the time, Swamp Dogg started to develop a cult following and eventually the album sold enough to achieve gold record status. Record critic Robert Christgau wrote that "Soul-seekers like myself are moderately mad for the obscure" album and has called it "legendary". It was reissued in 2013 by Alive Naturalsound Records.
Around the same time, one of the songs Williams had co-written with Gary Bonds, "She's All I Got", became a top-ten R&B hit for Freddie North, and was recorded with even greater success by country star Johnny Paycheck, whose version reached #2 on the country music chart in late 1971. In a later interview on NPR's Studio 360, Williams stated he was raised on country music: "Black music didn't start 'til 10 at night until 4 in the morning and I was in bed by then... If you strip my tracks, take away all the horns and guitar licks, what you have is a country song." However, he also continued to write and produce deep soul songs for other musicians, including Z. Z. Hill and Irma Thomas. In 1971 in collaboration with co-producer and writer the legendary George Semper he released "Monster Walk Pt. 1 and 2" by the Rhythm 'N' Blues Classical Funk Band on Mankind Records label. Produced for Jerry Williams Productions, Inc.and in spite of modest sales the record once again demonstrated his entrepreneurial skill as an artist.
As Swamp Dogg, he was signed by Elektra Records for his second album, Rat On! in 1971. The sleeve showed him on the back of a giant white rat, and has frequently been ranked as one of the worst album covers of all time. Sales were relatively poor, and he joined Jane Fonda's anti-Vietnam War Free the Army tour. His next albums Cuffed, Collared and Tagged (1972) and Gag a Maggott (recorded at the TK Studio in 1973) were released on smaller labels, though his 1974 album, Have You Heard This Story??, was issued by Island Records. In 1977 he had another minor R&B hit with "My Heart Just Can't Stop Dancing", credited to Swamp Dogg & the Riders of the New Funk. He continued to release albums through the 1970s and into the mid-1980s as Swamp Dogg, on various small independent labels and in a variety of styles including disco and country and maintained a healthy cult following. He also set up his own publishing and recording company, Swamp Dogg Entertainment Group (SDEG).
In 1999, "Slow Slow Disco" was sampled by Kid Rock on the track "I Got One for Ya", sparking a revival of interest in Swamp Dogg, who began performing live gigs for the first time. Several others of his recordings were sampled, and in 2009 he released two new albums, Give Em as Little as You Can...As Often as You Have To...Or...A Tribute to Rock N Roll, and An Awful Christmas and a Lousy New Year. He also released some further singles, and a compilation album of the best of his work as both Little Jerry Williams and Swamp Dogg, It's All Good, was released in 2009. Most of his early Swamp Dogg albums have also been reissued on CD.
Recent work
Swamp Dogg released a full-length album of new songs in 2014, The White Man Made Me Do It, which Williams described as being a sort of sequel to Total Destruction To Your Mind. Shortly thereafter, Swamp Dogg teamed up with Ryan Olson from Poliça to produce the tracks for his 2018 album Love, Loss & Autotune, Justin Vernon (aka Bon Iver) fine-tuning the vocal tracks. The song also features instrumentation by Guitar Shorty. The music video for "I'll Pretend" premiered at NPR and was later featured at Rolling Stone, Pitchfork, Spin and elsewhere. Swamp Dogg described the song as a character study about "a guy sitting in a restaurant by himself losing his fucking mind because he's hoping his woman is gonna walk by, but she's at a Ramada Inn somewhere fucking somebody else to death."
In 2020, he released the album Sorry You Couldn't Make It, a country-styled record recorded in Nashville with producer Ryan Olson and musicians including Justin Vernon, John Prine, and Jenny Lewis.
In 2022 he released I Need A Job...So I Can Buy More Auto-Tune on Don Giovanni Records.
Discography
Albums
Total Destruction to Your Mind (Canyon, 1970)
Rat On! (Elektra Records, 1971)
Cuffed, Collared & Tagged (Cream Records, 1972)
Gag A Maggott (Stone Dogg, 1973)
Have You Heard This Story?? (Island Records, 1974)
??? Greatest Hits ??? (Stone Dogg, 1976)
You Ain't Never Too Old To Boogie (DJM Records, 1976)
An Opportunity... Not A Bargain!!! (Wizard Records, 1977)
Finally Caught Up With Myself (Musicor Records, 1977)
Doing A Party Tonite (Cream Records, 1980)
I'm Not Selling Out - I'm Buying In! (Takoma Records, 1981)
Swamp Dogg (Ala, 1982)
I Called For A Rope And They Threw Me A Rock (SDEG, 1989)
Surfin' In Harlem (Volt Records, 1991)
The Re-Invention Of Swamp Dogg (SDEG, 2000)
If I Ever Kiss It .... He Can Kiss It Goodbye! (SDEG, 2002)
Resurrection (SDEG, 2007)
Swamp Dogg Droppin's (SDEG, 2008)
Give 'em as Little As You Can...As Often As You Have To...or...A Tribute To Rock 'n' Roll (S-Curve Records, 2009)
An Awful Christmas and A Lousy New Year (SDEG, 2009)
The White Man Made Me Do It (2014)Don't Give Up On Me: The Lost Country Album (Essential Media Group, 2014)Love, Loss, and Auto-Tune (Joyful Noise Recordings, 2018)Sorry You Couldn't Make It (Joyful Noise Recordings, 2020)I Need A Job​.​.​.​So I Can Buy More Auto-Tune (Don Giovanni Records, 2022)
Compilations
Little Jerry Williams
Little Jerry Williams Anthology (1954-1969), aka Swamp Dogg (SDEG, 2000)
Swamp Dogg Best of 25 Years of Swamp Dogg...or F**k the Bomb, Stop the Drugs (Point Blank Records, 1995)The Excellent Sides of Swamp Dogg, Vol. 1 (contains albums Total Destruction To Your Mind and Rat On!) (SDEG, 1996)The Excellent Sides of Swamp Dogg, Vol. 2 (contains albums Cuffed, Collared & Tagged and Gag A Maggott) (SDEG, 2001)The Excellent Sides of Swamp Dogg, Vol. 3 (contains albums Have You Heard This Story?? and I Called For A Rope And They Threw Me A Rock) (SDEG, 2007)The Excellent Sides of Swamp Dogg, Vol. 4 (contains albums ??? Greatest Hits ??? and Finally Caught Up With Myself) (SDEG, 2007)The Excellent Sides of Swamp Dogg, Vol. 5 (contains albums You Ain't Never Too Old To Boogie and Don't Give Up On Me: The Lost Country Album) (SDEG, 2007)It's All Good: A Singles Collection 1963-1989 (Kent Records, 2011)13 Prime Weiners, Everything on It!: Best of Swamp Dogg (Essential Media Group, 2014)Hits Anthology: Swamp Dogg, a.k.a. Little Jerry Williams (Essential Media Group, 2014)
Multiple-artist compilations
"Southern Soul" on Safe In Sound (Home Recordings From Quarantine)'' (Joyful Noise Recordings, 2020)
Chart singles
Little Jerry Williams
"Baby, You're My Everything" (Calla Records, 1966, #32 R&B chart)
Swamp Dogg
"Mama's Baby - Daddy's Maybe" (Canyon, 1970, #33 R&B chart)
"My Heart Just Can't Stop Dancing" (Musicor, 1977, #71 R&B chart)
References
External links
Swamp Dogg official website
Swamp Dogg on AllMusic
Swamp Dogg YouTube channel
Jerry Williams discography on Soulful Kinda Music
Swamp Dogg interview on NAMM Oral History Library (2014)
1942 births
Living people
African-American guitarists
Songwriters from Virginia
Record producers from Virginia
Musicians from Portsmouth, Virginia
American soul guitarists
American male guitarists
Alive Naturalsound Records artists
Guitarists from Virginia
20th-century American guitarists
Joyful Noise Recordings artists
20th-century American male musicians
Loma Records artists
Elektra Records artists
African-American songwriters
20th-century African-American musicians
21st-century African-American people
American male songwriters
Don Giovanni Records artists
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The 1983 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1983 NCAA Division I-A football season. In its third and final season under head coach Rex Dockery, the team compiled a 6–4–1 record and outscored opponents by a total of 274 to 205. The team played its home games at Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included Danny Sparkman with 1,390 passing yards, Punkin Williams with 546 rushing yards, Derrick Crawford with 594 receiving yards, and Don Glosson with 71 points scored (29 extra points, 14 field goals).
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
The Simpsons is an American animated television sitcom created by Matt Groening that has aired on the Fox Broadcasting Company since December 1989. It is a satirical parody of a middle class American lifestyle epitomized by its eponymous family, which consists of Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie. The show is set in the fictional town of Springfield, and lampoons American culture, society, and many aspects of the human condition. The popularity of The Simpsons led to the release of the 1990 double platinum album The Simpsons Sing the Blues, which contains original songs performed by the cast members of the show as their characters. The album spawned two hit singles—"Do the Bartman" and "Deep, Deep Trouble". A less successful sequel, The Yellow Album, was released in 1998.
Three soundtrack albums featuring music and songs from the show have been released—Songs in the Key of Springfield in 1997, Go Simpsonic with The Simpsons in 1999, and The Simpsons: Testify in 2007. The first two charted on the US Billboard 200, reaching number 103 and 197, respectively. The Simpsons Movie: The Music, a soundtrack album featuring the score of The Simpsons Movie, was released along with the film in July 2007. The choral piece "Spider Pig" that appeared in the film and on the soundtrack entered the charts in several countries around the world.
History
The Simpsons was a hit for Fox Broadcasting Company from the start and the network instantly received hundreds of requests from sellers wanting to create merchandise based on the show, such as clothing, alarm clocks, bubble gum, notebooks, posters, and air fresheners. The merchandise was highly successful, generating an estimated US$750 million in revenue during the first year of sales. As commented by AllMusic reviewer Jason Ankeny, "an LP proved inevitable" when, after the series premiere, "the characters' licensed images were everywhere from T-shirts to action figures". In 1990, David Geffen, founder of the record label Geffen Records, decided to record an album featuring characters from The Simpsons. His idea was approved by Fox and The Simpsons creator Matt Groening, and the show's writers were assigned to write original, humorous lyrics for the cast members to perform. The finished result became the hip-hop blues album The Simpsons Sing the Blues, released in December 1990. It peaked at number three on the US Billboard 200 and was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America in February 1991.
"Do the Bartman", co-written by Michael Jackson, was released as the first single from The Simpsons Sing the Blues. It reached number one on the singles charts in Australia, Ireland, New Zealand, Norway, and the United Kingdom, eventually becoming certified gold in the latter country with 400,000 units sold. In Ireland, "Do the Bartman" spent nine weeks at number one on the Irish Singles Chart—only seven singles have managed a longer run. The single was accompanied by a popular music video that became the number one music video on rotation on the American MTV network in November 1990. "Deep, Deep Trouble", the second single from The Simpsons Sing the Blues, did not achieve as much popularity as "Do the Bartman" but managed to reach number one in Ireland and the top ten in New Zealand and the United Kingdom. A music video was produced for this single as well, premiering in March 1991. The third and final single, "God Bless the Child" (a cover of the Billie Holiday song with the same name), failed to chart.
In March 1997, a soundtrack album titled Songs in the Key of Springfield was released that included many of the musical numbers from the series' first years (1990–96). The album featured much of the work of The Simpsons composer Alf Clausen, who has co-written, arranged, produced, and conducted almost all music that is used on the show. This compilation of songs did not match the success of the previous Simpsons album, but peaked at number 103 in the United States and number 18 in the United Kingdom, where it was certified silver with more than 60,000 units sold. Following the popularity of The Simpsons Sing the Blues, The Simpsons executive producer James L. Brooks wanted to produce a follow-up album, also with original music not previously featured in the series. The cast members recorded this second studio album based on The Simpsons, named The Yellow Album and scheduled for release in 1993, but Groening was against it; as a result, it was not released until November 1998. It was poorly received by critics and did not chart.
A sequel to Songs in the Key of Springfield was released in October 1999, titled Go Simpsonic with The Simpsons. It contained songs that had appeared in the series since the previous soundtrack album was released, as well as some earlier ones that did not make the cut in Songs in the Key of Springfield. Most of the 53 tracks featured were composed by Clausen. The album peaked at number 197 on the Billboard 200. The Simpsons: Testify, the third and latest album (as of 2012) to feature music from The Simpsons, was released eight years later in September 2007. Like its predecessors, the majority of the tracks were composed by Clausen. The album, which did not chart, contains songs from the series' eleventh season (1999) to its eighteenth season (2007).
The Simpsons Movie, a feature-length film based on the television series, was released in theaters in July 2007. Brooks chose Hans Zimmer to compose the score of the film as they were good friends and regular collaborators. This score was released in July 2007 on a soundtrack album called The Simpsons Movie: The Music, which peaked at number 108 in the United States. While working on the score, Zimmer turned the "Spider Pig" song sung by Homer in The Simpsons Movie into a choral piece that he originally did not intend to put into the film. However, it ended up being used and was included in the soundtrack. Zimmer's "Spider Pig" was popular and appeared on the singles charts in several countries, reaching number three in Ireland, eight in New Zealand, 14 in Norway, 23 in the United Kingdom, and 53 in Sweden. In addition to appearing in The Simpsons Movie, the members of the punk rock band Green Day recorded their own version of the Simpsons theme for the film. It was released as a single in July 2007 and became a top-twenty hit in Ireland and the United Kingdom.
Albums
Studio albums
Soundtrack albums
Compilation albums
Singles
Music videos
References
Discographies of American artists
Film and television discographies
MonsterQuest (sometimes written as Monsterquest or Monster Quest) is an American television series that originally aired from October 31, 2007 to March 24, 2010 on the History channel. Produced by Whitewolf Entertainment, the program deals with the search for various monsters of interest to the cryptozoology subculture and paranormal entities reportedly witnessed around the world. A spin-off show, MysteryQuest, which focuses on unsolved mysteries, premiered on September 16, 2009.
The purpose of the show is best described by the narrator, Stan Bernard, in the introduction:
History channel revived the MonsterQuest series for special episodes beginning on August 28, 2020.
Reception
Rich Rosell of Digitally Obsessed gave the show a "B−", stating, "The good news is that this isn't a trashy reality show, eager to make everything overblown and sinister. Instead, it takes a seemingly well-researched approach, leaving viewers the opportunity to make up their own minds." He also believed that the "content is certainly nerd-worthy in an I-want-to-believe/Mulder kind of way".
Cinematic Happenings Under Development (CHUD) gave the show a 5.9/10 review, saying that the show is "basically a rehashing of the 1970s/1980s TV show, In Search Of..." and "it leaves you with a sense of either 'been there, done that' or just a feeling of incompleteness because it basically raises as many questions as it tries to answer."
Diablo Cody gave the show high praise in the October 24, 2008 issue of the magazine Entertainment Weekly. She says, "I found a minotaur in that labyrinth of suck: MonsterQuest...on the History Channel."
Academics have noted that media often uncritically disseminates information from the pseudoscience and subculture of cryptozoology, including newspapers that repeat false claims made by cryptozoologists or television shows that feature cryptozoologists as monster hunters (such as Monsterquest). Media coverage of purported "cryptids" often fails to provide more likely explanations, further propagating claims made by cryptozoologists.
Cancellation
In a statement made March 24, 2010 on the cryptozoological blog CryptoMundo, MonsterQuest producer Doug Hajicek announced that History Channel had canceled the series midway through 4th season. Hajicek said, "The official end of MonsterQuest did not happen because of any lack of topics or for lack of viewers. The Network has decided to go another direction to assure their future as a powerful force in television."
Episodes
Season one (2007–2008)
Season two (2008)
Season three (2009)
Season four (2010)
DVD Releases
Season 1
Released 2008 contains 14 episodes running approx 600 minutes
Note: Due to a production error, "Giganto - The Real King Kong" was not included on the DVD release. It has been listed that an episode titled "Tree Man" appeared on the DVD release as episode 14. But no evidence can be found to support this on any of the worldwide DVD releases.
Season 2
Released 2009 contains 20 episodes running approx 900 minutes
Season 3
Released 2009 contains 25 episodes running approx 1100 minutes
Movie Monsters
Released 2009 contains 4 episodes running approx 188 minutes
See also
Cryptid
References
External links
History (American TV channel) original programming
Cryptozoological television series
2007 American television series debuts
2010 American television series endings
Samyr Laine (born July 17, 1984 in Nyack, New York) is a Haitian-American triple jumper who competed for Haiti at the 2012 Summer Olympics and other international competitions since the 2007 Pan American Games.
Early life
Laine's parents were born in Haiti. He began participating in sports in the 7th grade, where he was relegated to the distance events because of his size. Laine joined the team for the sprints, but ended up running the mile, 2-mile and steeplechase that year. The following year he picked up tennis for three years, even playing for his high school tennis team at Newburgh Free Academy.
During the 2000 Sydney Olympics Laine watched and recorded every athletics event. The Games served as his inspiration and he began to train in anticipation of the 2000–2001 season. He trained and was able to negotiate his way into the 200m/400m group, with some horizontal jumping sprinkled in to help the team with points. He stepped away from the track again to focus on his schooling and debating, having been a member of the debate team since the 8th grade. Laine continued to train and competed at New York's Empire State Games during the summer.
Education and training
During his senior year of high school was when he was able to get a full year of athletics. He made substantial gains that year in what would quickly become his best event, the triple jump, improving from the 42 feet (12.80m) the year before to 45 feet (13.70m) indoors and then 46 feet (14m) outdoors, good enough for 3rd place at the State Championships. After being recruited by nearly all the Ivy League Schools, Laine chose to attend Harvard University. In his freshman year, he was roommates with Mark Zuckerberg.
In his four years at Harvard University his jump improved over 7 feet (2.15m). After two second-place finishes at the conference championships in his freshman year, he placed first in indoors and outdoors for the next two years. In his junior year, although battling with some injuries, he was able to achieve the status of All-American at the NCAA Championships. At that meet, he set what was the Ivy League record at the time and is still the Harvard University triple jump record of 51 feet, 11 1/4 inches and Harvard's outdoor triple jump record of 53 feet, 7 1/2 inches. The following year he struggled with more injuries and was forced to “red shirt” his final outdoor season and watch the team of which he had been voted captain from the sidelines. His injury enabled him to use his final season of collegiate eligibility at the University of Texas at Austin, where he finished his graduate program in 2007. He was able to return to his 2005 form, and achieved the Pan American Games standard. He later graduated from the Georgetown University Law Center in 2010.
Athletic career
It was in 2007 that he first competed under the Haitian flag. Although he was born in the United States, both of his parents and the majority of his extended family had emigrated from Haiti, which allowed him to represent the nation at the Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil and beyond.
Personal bests
Personal life
Laine currently trains and resides in the Washington, D.C. area and speaks fluent French. Laine is working on his Jump for Haiti Foundation, which will focus on mentoring Haitian children and developing more Haitian athletes.
References
External links
Official site
1984 births
Living people
People from Nyack, New York
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Haitian triple jumpers
American sportspeople of Haitian descent
Athletes (track and field) at the 2007 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2011 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 Pan American Games
Olympic athletes of Haiti
Pan American Games competitors for Haiti
Texas Longhorns men's track and field athletes
Harvard Crimson men's track and field athletes
World Athletics Championships athletes for Haiti
Central American and Caribbean Games bronze medalists for Haiti
Competitors at the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games
Competitors at the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games
Male triple jumpers
Haitian male athletes
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
is a small asteroid, classified as near-Earth object of the Aten group, approximately in diameter. It was first observed on 23 July 2017, by the robotic ATLAS survey at Mauna Loa Observatory, Hawaii, two days after the object had approached Earth at 0.33 lunar distances on 21 July 2017.
Orbit and classification
is a member of the Aten asteroid, a subgroup of near-Earth objects that are located in the zone of influence of Venus. Atens are a much smaller group than the Apollo and Amor asteroids.
The object has an exceptionally low minimum orbital intersection distance with Earth of 29,650 kilometers or 0.077 lunar distances (LD). It orbits the Sun at a distance of 0.77–1.02 AU once every 10 months (309 days; semi-major axis of 0.89 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.14 and an inclination of 20° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins with an observation made by the space-based Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer on 22 July 2017, one day after its close flyby and a day before its official first observation.
Close approaches
On 21 July 2017, at 03:32 UT, it flew past Earth at a nominal distance of 127,500 kilometers (0.33 LD) with a relative velocity of 10.36 km/s. All future encounters with Earth will occur at a significantly larger distance.
Physical characteristics
Based on a generic magnitude-to-diameter conversion, measures between in diameter, for an absolute magnitude of 24.5, and an assumed albedo between 0.05 and 0.24, which represent typical values for carbonaceous and stony asteroids, respectively. As of 2018, no rotational lightcurve has been obtained from photometric observations. The body's rotation period, pole and shape remain unknown.
Numbering and naming
This minor planet has neither been numbered nor named by the Minor Planet Center.
References
External links
MPEC 2017-O52 : 2017 OO1, Minor Planet Electronic Circular
List Of Aten Minor Planets (by designation), Minor Planet Center
Close shave from an undetected asteroid, EarthSky, 25 July 2017
Asteroid 2017 OO1 close approach, International Asteroid Warning Network (IAWN)
Trajectory Diagram, Minor Planet Center
Minor planet object articles (unnumbered)
20170721
20170723
Plausible Denial: Was the CIA Involved in the Assassination of JFK? is a 1991 book by American attorney, Mark Lane that outlines his theory that former Watergate figure E. Howard Hunt was involved with the Central Intelligence Agency in the assassination of United States President John F. Kennedy. Published by Thunder's Mouth Press, the book chronicles Lane's legal defense of Liberty Lobby, a right-wing political group that was sued for libel by Hunt after it published an article in its weekly paper, The Spotlight, linking Hunt — a former CIA operative — to the assassination.
Lane's chief source for Plausible Denial was Marita Lorenz, a woman contacted by Lane during the suit who provided a deposition stating that on the day prior to the assassination she transported guns from Miami to Dallas where she met Hunt, Frank Sturgis, and Jack Ruby. In the book, Lane stated that the CIA arranged the assassination of Kennedy because Kennedy had planned to destroy the Agency. Others said by Lane to be involved in a conspiracy included George H. W. Bush and George de Mohrenschildt, who he implicated as CIA agents.
In the book, Lane also blames the media for their failure to cover the trial and their lack of credence given to Kennedy assassination theories.
Reviews
Kirkus Reviews said Plausible Denial was a "convincing report" that was "[w]ell-reasoned at every point" and Publishers Weekly called it "[a] highly stimulating, disturbing book, marred only by repetitiousness and excessive self-justification." Writing for the Los Angeles Times, Alex Raskin wrote: "While Lane's evidence for Hunt's complicity is quite persuasive, his theorizing becomes more suspect when he moves beyond that trial in an attempt to implicate other U.S. government officials in the crime." Raskin added: "Ultimately, many of Lane's theories...are motivated less by actual evidence than by a predisposition to believe in a nefarious Establishment."
In a review for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Bob Hoover wrote that Plausible Denial "will give little grist for conspiracy buffs to chew on." Hoover added: "Hunt's link to the [assassination of Kennedy] is not confirmed by Lane's poorly written and sanctimonious book." Patricia Holt of the San Francisco Chronicle interviewed Lane and called it "a fascinating and convincing — though uneven and often self-serving — indictment" of the CIA. Lane described Plausible Denial as his "last word" on the subject and told Holt: "I'll never write another sentence about the (JFK) assassination".
References
Non-fiction books about the assassination of John F. Kennedy
1991 non-fiction books
Mondia is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Apocynaceae.
Its native range is Tropical and Southern Africa.
Species:
Mondia ecornuta
Mondia whitei
References
Apocynaceae
Apocynaceae genera
Landrais () is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Population
See also
Communes of the Charente-Maritime department
References
External links
Landrais on the Quid site
Communes of Charente-Maritime
Charente-Maritime communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Ben Nicholas Harrison (born 2 March 1997) is an English professional footballer who plays for Raynes Park Vale.
Playing career
Having played for AFC Wimbledon since age ten, Harrison made his debut for AFC Wimbledon on 2 September 2014, coming on for Callum Kennedy at half-time during a Football League Trophy victory over Southend United at Kingsmeadow. He made his Football league debut on 13 September 2014, playing the full game at Accrington Stanley which ended in a 1–0 defeat for the "Dons". Harrison signed his first professional contract with AFC Wimbledon on 26 September 2014. In January 2016, Harrison joined Isthmian League Premier Division side Tonbridge Angels on a month's loan. In June 2016 Harrison was released by AFC Wimbledon.
Harrison joined Merstham in June 2017. Two years later, he joined Kingstonian. In May 2021, following loan spells at East Grinstead Town, Kingstonian announced Harrison's departure from the club, due to "personal reasons".
During the 2021–22 season, Harrison joined Raynes Park Vale.
Statistics
References
External links
Living people
English footballers
Association football defenders
AFC Wimbledon players
Merstham F.C. players
Kingstonian F.C. players
East Grinstead Town F.C. players
Raynes Park Vale F.C. players
People from Richmond, London
Footballers from the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
English Football League players
1997 births
In music, Op. 51 stands for Opus number 51. Compositions that are assigned this number include:
Arnold – Tam O'Shanter Overture
Beethoven – Two rondos for piano
Brahms – Two String Quartets
Chopin – Impromptu No. 3
Dvořák – String Quartet No. 10
Elgar – The Kingdom
Fibich – Šárka
Holst – A Choral Fantasia
MacDowell – Woodland Sketches
Prokofiev – On the Dnieper
Schubert – Three Marches Militaires
Schumann – Lieder und Gesänge volume II (5 songs)
Scriabin – Prelude in A minor, Op. 51, No. 2
Sibelius – Belshazzar's Feast
Live at Rio ArtRock Festival '97 is a live album by Brazilian psychedelic rock band Violeta de Outono, released on May 9, 2000 by Rock Symphony. It was recorded during the band's performance at the Rio ArtRock Festival in Rio de Janeiro, in 1997.
An eponymous DVD containing the footage of the band's performance at the show was released 15 years later.
Track listing
Personnel
Fabio Golfetti – vocals, guitar
Cláudio Souza – drums
Angelo Pastorello – bass
Fábio Ribeiro – keyboards
References
External links
Live at Rio ArtRock Festival '97 at Violeta de Outono's official Bandcamp
2000 live albums
Violeta de Outono albums
Portuguese-language live albums
Gibson Atherton (January 19, 1831 – November 10, 1887) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Early life
He was the son of John Trueman Atherton (1799-1882) and Clarissa Ackley (1796-1883). He attended Denison University, Granville, Ohio.
He graduated from Miami University, Oxford, Ohio, in 1853. He served as Principal of the local academy at Osceola, Missouri, in 1853 and 1854.
Later he studied law, and was admitted to the bar in 1855 and commenced practice in Newark, Ohio where he also served as president of the board of education of Newark for fifteen years.
Career
Atherton was elected prosecuting attorney of Licking County in 1857 and reelected in 1859 and 1861. While serving as mayor of Newark 1860–1864, he was an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for the State senate in 1863. He ran for judge of the court of common pleas in 1866, but was unsuccessful.
Other local and national political service included time as member of the city council of Newark for two years and a delegate to the Democratic National Convention at St. Louis in 1876.
Atherton was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Congresses (March 4, 1879 – March 3, 1883), but afterwards chose not to seek renomination.
Atherton was appointed to the Ohio Supreme Court by Governor Hoadly August 20, 1885 to fill a vacancy created by the death of John W. Okey. He lost election for the remaining two years of Okey's term that autumn to his Republican opponent, and resigned December 16 of that year.
After retiring from the bench, he resumed the practice of law until his death in Newark, Ohio.
Personal
Atherton married Margaret A. E. Kumler in Butler County, Ohio on November 18, 1856. They had four children and all were born in Ohio.
His eldest daughter, Clara B. Atherton (1858-1939) was an accomplished linguist who worked for the War Department in Washington DC. In 1885 she toured Europe with her parents. It was in Italy where she met her future husband, Emil Reidel. They married in Malta on Mar 17, 1886 and had 2 children.
His other three children were Charles E Atherton (born 1860), Della M Atherton (born 1865) and Anna V Atherton (born 1867).
He died on November 10, 1887. He was interred in Cedar Hill Cemetery.
Ancestry
His grandfather, Thomas Atherton (1765-1848) moved from Pennsylvania to Ohio.
He descended from Quakers; his great grandfather Caleb Atherton (1736-1776), being a Quaker who was “outed” on Oct 4, 1764 at the Uwchlan Monthly Quaker Meeting for not following their principles and for marrying "out of their Society. Caleb died in the revolutionary war at the Battle of Wyoming. He is related to historian, Lewis Eldon Atherton.
The next generation back had emigrated to Pennsylvania from Farnworth, Lancashire in the 1700s. He is a direct descendant of Gawain Atherton. His distant Atherton relatives include Bobby Atherton and Tommy Atherton.
References
External Sources
1831 births
1887 deaths
Politicians from Newark, Ohio
Miami University alumni
Justices of the Ohio Supreme Court
Denison University alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Mayors of places in Ohio
Burials at Cedar Hill Cemetery, Newark, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
Flatrock Creek is a tributary of the Auglaize River in northeastern Indiana and northwestern Ohio in the United States. It drains a primarily rural farming area in the watershed of Lake Erie.
It rises in a group of headwater streams along the border between Adams County, Indiana and Van Wert County, Ohio, approximately northeast of Decatur, Indiana. The creek flows northwest from Ohio into eastern Allen County, Indiana, then turns northeast at Monroeville, Indiana and flows into Paulding County, Ohio, past Payne and Paulding. It joins the Auglaize from the west approximately southwest of Defiance at .
See also
List of rivers of Indiana
List of rivers of Ohio
References
Rivers of Indiana
Rivers of Ohio
Rivers of Paulding County, Ohio
Rivers of Allen County, Indiana
Tributaries of Lake Erie
Tierra del Sol is a Oaxacan restaurant with two locations in Portland, Oregon. Chef-owner Amalia Sierra began operating the business from a food cart at Portland Mercado in 2015. A second location opened in the Montavilla neighborhood in 2020.
Description
Tierra del Sol serves Oaxacan cuisine from a food cart at Portland Mercado, located on Foster Road in the Mt. Scott-Arleta neighborhood. The menu has included enchiladas de amarillo, moles (including amarillo, coloradito, and pipián varieties), picaditas, tetelas, tacos, tlayudas, handmade tortillas, rice, and aguas frescas.
The mole amarillo, described by Eater Portland's Brooke Jackson-Glidden as "mild but nuanced, thanks to the addition of hierba santa", has chayote, masa dumplings, and stewed chicken. The mole pipián is green and has jalapeños, pumpkin seeds, and tomatillos. Tierra del Sol uses seeds supplied by the chef's sister in Oaxaca.
The restaurant uses Portland-based Three Sisters Nixtamal for the blue corn tacos; meatless taco varieties include cactus, mushroom, and vegetable stew, with avocado, cilantro, onions, and pico de gallo as toppings. The tlayuda has avocado slices, a black bean spread, cabbage, cilantro, onion, queso Oaxaca, and queso fresco. Suzette Smith of the Portland Mercury said the tlayuda is "massive and comes in a pizza box, along with a suggestion to split it between two".
History
Tierra del Sol's chef is Amalia Sierra, a former social worker who opened her first cart at the Portland Mercado in 2015. In 2020, a second location opened with a similar menu at Rocket Empire Machine, a food hall in the northeast Portland part of the Montavilla neighborhood.
Reception
In May 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, Brooke Jackson-Glidden included Tierra del Sol in Eater Portland's list of "The 25 Essential Portland Restaurants Offering Takeout or Delivery Right Now". The website's Waz Wu included the restaurant in a 2021 overview of "Where to Find Tasty Vegan Tacos in Portland". In 2022, Brooke Jackson-Glidden included the mole amarillo in a list of "17 Sick Day Delivery Standbys to Order in Portland". Additionally, she and Nick Woo also included Tierra del Sol in a "Guide to Portland's Most Outstanding Food Carts", and Krista Garcia and Seiji Nanbu included the business in a list of "Portland's 17 Standout Mexican Restaurants and Food Carts". Garcia and Nanbu said the tlayuda made Tierra del Sol a "standout" over other food carts at Portland Mercado and wrote, "It might seem easy to skip the tetelas stuffed with creamy beans and rich Oaxacan moles, though it's not recommended". Nanbu and Nathan Williams included the restaurant in Eater Portland's 2022 list of "22 Outstanding Taco Spots in Greater Portland".
In 2018, Shannon Armour of Willamette Week called the tlayudas "excellent". In 2020, Suzette Smith of the Portland Mercury said of the tlayuda: "It's a beauty to look at and, in practice, sort of like super fresh nachos if there were only one massive chip underneath all the fixins. I loved it, but I should note that it's probably more of a summer dish. Plus, without a meat or veggie stew on top, the tlayuda came off a little dry."
See also
List of Mexican restaurants
References
External links
2015 establishments in Oregon
Food carts in Portland, Oregon
Mexican restaurants in Portland, Oregon
Montavilla, Portland, Oregon
Mt. Scott-Arleta, Portland, Oregon
Northeast Portland, Oregon
Restaurants established in 2015
Restaurants in Portland, Oregon
Robinson Creek may refer to:
Robinson Creek (Shelby Creek), a stream in Kentucky
Robinson Creek, Kentucky, an unincorporated community
Robinson Creek (Lake Ontario), a stream in Durham County, Ontario
See also
Robinson Branch (disambiguation)
John Marvin Brandon (May 8, 1888 – September 16, 1960) was a politician from Alabama. He served as State Auditor of Alabama from 1931 to 1935, 1943 to 1947 and 1951 to 1955. He also served as Alabama State Treasurer from 1947 to 1951 and 1955 to 1959 and served as Secretary of State of Alabama from 1927 to 1931 and 1939 to 1943.
Brandon began his business career in the State Auditor's office in Montgomery, July 1908 and in January 1923, he was appointed Secretary of the Alabama Public Service Commission.
He married in June 1915 and had one child. He died on September 16, 1960.
References
1888 births
1960 deaths
alabama Democrats
The Mike Coolbaugh Award is presented annually by Minor League Baseball (MiLB). The award, first given in 2008, is presented to a MiLB figure who has shown "an outstanding baseball work ethic, knowledge of the game, and skill in mentoring young players on the field."
The award was developed to honor Mike Coolbaugh, who died—while coaching at first base—when he was struck by a line drive during a MiLB game in July 2007. It is presented at the annual MiLB banquet at the baseball winter meetings.
Awardees
See also
Baseball awards #Awards by Minor League Baseball (MiLB)
References
Minor league baseball awards
Minor league baseball personnel
Awards established in 2008
In mathematics, the double Fourier sphere (DFS) method is a simple technique that transforms a function defined on the surface of the sphere to a function defined on a rectangular domain while preserving periodicity in both the longitude and latitude directions.
Introduction
First, a function on the sphere is written as using spherical coordinates, i.e.,
The function is -periodic in , but not periodic in . The periodicity in the latitude direction has been lost. To recover it, the function is "doubled up” and a related function on is defined as
where and for . The new function is -periodic in and , and is constant along the lines and , corresponding to the poles.
The function can be expanded into a double Fourier series
History
The DFS method was proposed by Merilees and developed further by Steven Orszag. The DFS method has been the subject of relatively few investigations since (a notable exception is Fornberg's work), perhaps due to the dominance of spherical harmonics expansions. Over the last fifteen years it has begun to be used for the computation of gravitational fields near black holes and to novel space-time spectral analysis.
References
Black holes
Boundary value problems
Coordinate systems
Variants of random walks
Equations of astronomy
Olivadi () is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Bekwai may refer to
Town
Bekwai a town in the Ashanti Region of Ghana
Sefwi Bekwai a town in the Western Region of Ghana
Constituency
Bekwai (Ghana parliament constituency)
District
Bekwai Municipal Assembly
Cardinal Mooney High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Sarasota, Florida. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Venice in Florida.
Background
Cardinal Mooney was established in 1959 as a Catholic high school in the Sarasota-Manatee area. Students in and from surrounding counties make up the majority of the school population. Enrollment is open to incoming ninth grade and transfer students from any school irrespective of religious affiliation. Community service, the Gospel faith, academics, elective offerings, and AP level instruction represent the foundation of the school's curriculum. After-school, extracurricular athletic, and club opportunities serve to educate the "whole child."
The school was named after Edward Cardinal Mooney, former Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Detroit who had died in 1958. Father Joseph Daley founded Cardinal Mooney High School in 1959 under the instruction of Archbishop Joseph P. Hurley, D.D., of St. Augustine. It is one of several schools set up following Archbishop Hurley's policy of increasing the number of educational institutions in the Diocese of St. Augustine, which was divided in 1984 to include the Diocese of Venice.
Philosophy
Cardinal Mooney Catholic High School is a coeducational nationally accredited school that offers the rigorous AP Capstone Diploma, as well as full honors, Advanced Placement, dual enrollment, and learning strategies programs.
Mission statement
Cardinal Mooney Catholic High School is a Christ-centered, college preparatory institution, that prepares students to serve and lead by nurturing spiritual growth, cultivating them to pursue academic excellence.
Notable alumni
Ryan Jackson, Former MLB player (Florida Marlins, Seattle Mariners, Detroit Tigers)
Joe Gruters, member of the Florida Senate representing the 23rd District
References
External links
Catholic secondary schools in Florida
Buildings and structures in Sarasota, Florida
Educational institutions established in 1959
High schools in Sarasota County, Florida
Roman Catholic Diocese of Venice in Florida
1959 establishments in Florida
Daud Shah is a village in Khyber Province, Pakistan.
Daud Shah may also refer to:
Daud Shah (actor)
Daud Shah (Paktika), a delegate to Afghanistan's Constitutional Loya Jirga
See also
The copper seedeater (Sporophila bouvreuil) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It was lumped with the pearly-bellied seedeater, (S. pileata) and known together as the capped seedeater before being split in February 2012.
It is found Brazil and Suriname. Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
References
Machado, E. & Silveira, L.F. (2010) Geographical and seasonal distribution of the Seedeaters Sporophila bouvreuil and Sporophila pileata (Aves: Emberizidae). Papéis Avulsos de Zoologia, 50 (32):517-533.
Machado, E. & Silveira, L.F. (2011) Plumage variability and taxonomy of the Capped Seedeater Sporophila bouvreuil (Aves: Passeriformes: Emberizidae). Zootaxa, 2781: 49–62.
copper seedeater
Birds of Brazil
copper seedeater
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Eben Newton (October 16, 1795 – November 6, 1885) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1851 to 1853.
Early life and career
Born in Goshen, Connecticut, Newton attended the common schools. He moved to Portage County, Ohio, in 1814 and engaged in agricultural pursuits. He studied law with Darius Lyman and John Sloane. Newton was admitted to the bar in 1823 and commenced practice in Canfield, Ohio. He formed a partnership with Elisha Whittlesey that lasted for twenty years. He served as member of the Ohio Senate from 1842 to 1851. He was the presiding judge of the court of common pleas from 1844 to 1851.
Congress
Newton was elected as a Whig to the Thirty-second Congress (March 4, 1851 – March 3, 1853). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1852 to the Thirty-third Congress.
Later career
He served as president of the Ashtabula & New Lisbon Railroad 1856–1859, and again served in the state senate from 1862 to 1864 during the American Civil War. He resumed the practice of law and also engaged in agricultural pursuits. He raised beef cattle on farms near Canfield.
Newton married Mary Church of Canfield, May 1826. They had one son and three daughters. He was a Presbyterian.
Death
He made a trip to California, returning with a cold, which led to his death within a month. He died in Canfield, Ohio, on November 6, 1885, and was interred in Canfield Village Cemetery.
References
1795 births
1885 deaths
19th-century American railroad executives
People from Goshen, Connecticut
People from Canfield, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state senators
People from Portage County, Ohio
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Anthoula "Anthi" Balta (, born October 1, 1987) is a Greek professional basketball player who plays for Olympiacos in the Greek Women's Basketball League.
References
External links
Hellenic Basketball Federation player profile (Greek)
Eurobasket.com profile
Living people
Greek women's basketball players
Olympiacos Women's Basketball players
1987 births
Guards (basketball)
Basketball players from Athens
Packera schweinitziana, commonly called New England groundsel, is a species of flowering plant in the aster family (Asteraceae). It is native to eastern North America, where it is primarily found in eastern Canada and the northeastern United States, with disjunct populations in North Carolina and Tennessee on Roan Mountain. Its natural habitat is in sunny, wet areas, often in acidic soil. In the southeastern United States, its habitat is restricted to Appalachian balds.
Packera schweinitziana is a perennial growing to around 70 cm tall, and is occasionally rhizomatous. It produces heads of yellow flowers from May to July. It can be distinguished from the similar-looking Packera aurea by its basal leaves, which are lanceolate to triangular and over 3x as long as wide.
References
schweinitziana
Flora of North America
List of works by or about Garry Wills, American historian and journalist.
Animals of the Bible (1962)
Politics and Catholic Freedom (1964)
Roman Culture: Weapons and the Man (1966),
The Second Civil War: Arming for Armageddon (1968)
Jack Ruby (1968),
Nixon Agonistes: The Crisis of the Self-made Man (1970, 1979),
Bare Ruined Choirs: Doubt, Prophecy, and Radical Religion (1972),
Values Americans Live By (1973),
Inventing America: Jefferson's Declaration of Independence (1978),
Confessions of a Conservative (1979),
At Button's (1979),
Explaining America: The Federalist (1981),
The Kennedy Imprisonment: A Meditation on Power (1982),
Lead Time: A Journalist's Education (1983),
Cincinnatus: George Washington and the Enlightenment (1984),
Reagan's America: Innocents at Home (1987),
Under God: Religion and American Politics (1990),
Lincoln at Gettysburg: The Words That Remade America (1992),
Certain Trumpets: The Call of Leaders (1994),
Witches and Jesuits: Shakespeare's Macbeth (1995),
John Wayne's America: The Politics of Celebrity (1997),
Saint Augustine (1999),
Saint Augustine's Childhood (2001),
Saint Augustine's Memory (2002),
Saint Augustine's Sin (2003),
Saint Augustine's Conversion (2004),
A Necessary Evil: A History of American Distrust of Government (1999),
Papal Sin: Structures of Deceit (2000),
Venice: Lion City: The Religion of Empire (2001),
Why I Am a Catholic (2002),
Mr. Jefferson's University (2002),
James Madison (2002),
Negro President: Jefferson and the Slave Power (2003),
Henry Adams and the Making of America (2005),
The Rosary: Prayer Comes Round (2005),
What Jesus Meant (2006),
What Paul Meant (2006),
Bush's Fringe Government (2006),
Head and Heart: American Christianities (2007),
What the Gospels Meant (2008),
Bomb Power (2010),
Outside Looking In: Adventures of an Observer (2010),
Augustine's 'Confessions': A Biography (2011),
Verdi's Shakespeare: Men of the Theater (2011),
Rome and Rhetoric: Shakespeare's Julius Caesar (2011),
Font of Life: Ambrose, Augustine, and the Mystery of Baptism (2012),
Why Priests? (2013),
The Future of the Catholic Church with Pope Francis (March 2015),
What The Qur'an Meant and Why It Matters (2017),
Bibliographies by writer
Bibliographies of American writers
Ahmed Alsebaei
Ahmad Alsebaei (born 1905) is a Saudi journalist, author and short story writer. He was born in 1905 in Saudi Arabia and studied at the College of Arts in Khartoum before commencing a career in journalism. Among Uthman's works are several volumes of short stories including Silence and the Walls and Circles in the Book of Time. His short story Silence and the Walls appeared in English translation in a 1988 anthology of Arabian literature edited by Salma Khadra Jayyusi.
Children
Ahmed has 4 children, including Osama.
References
Saudi Arabian writers
1905 births
Oxford High School is a coed public secondary institution located in Oxford, Michigan within the Oxford Community Schools district. The school draws from an area of The Village of Oxford and Oxford Township, as well as portions of Orion Township, Dryden Township, Metamora Township and Addison Township. It is one of the largest districts, geographically, in southeastern lower Michigan.
History
The current site for Oxford High School opened in 2004. Prior to that, the current site was a middle school. When renovations were completed, the middle school and high school swapped buildings, with the middle school now located in the old high school building on Lakeville Road.
Since opening the most recent building in 2004, OHS has added over 500 students to its enrollment.
2021 shooting
On November 30, 2021, a young student named Ethan Crumbley suddenly opened fire and killed four students.
Education
Oxford High School is an authorized International Baccalaureate World School for the Diploma Programme.
Athletics
Oxford High School offers 24 different varsity sports. Teams participate in the Oakland Activities Association, a high school athletic conference whose member schools have similar enrollments and are all located in the Oakland County area. The statewide class designation (based on enrollment) is "Division 1" or "Class A".
The primary mascot for Oxford Schools is the Wildcat. Both the high school and the middle school have teams which are referred to as the "Oxford Wildcats". Oxford's chief rival is Lake Orion, located directly in the township to the south, and connected by M-24. In football, the two teams compete for the "Double-O" (Oxford/Orion) rivalry trophy. The teams had competed annually from at least 1950 until 1983, when Oxford moved to the Flint Metro League. During FML play, Oxford's chief rivals were Lapeer East High School and Lapeer West High School, located in Lapeer approxamitely 15 miles north of Oxford on M-24.
Prior to the 2010-2011 year, Oxford High School moved from the Flint Metro League, where it had been a member school since 1983, to the Oakland Activities Association. Reasons cited for the move included demographic and geographic considerations. Urban sprawl in Metro Detroit over the years had brought Oxford in from the rural–urban fringe and closer in-line with the greater Detroit area like much of the OAA, rather than the Flint area. As a result of the move, the sports rivalry with Lake Orion resumed after a 27 year hiatus.
Oxford has won state championships in boys track (1991 class B), football (1992 class BB), and wrestling (2011 class A).
In 2011, Oxford athletics installed blue-colored artificial turf for the football stadium at a cost of $400,000, which was to be paid for with private donations. Initially, the turf was to be paid for with public bonds, however the millage failed to pass voters. The AstroTurf made headlines when it was revealed that several athletics boosters had put their personal homes up as collateral for the purchase of the field. When initial fundraising efforts came up short, the boosters were hit with a $300,000 balance and were in danger of defaulting. An agreement was reached between the boosters and AstroTurf that allowed for an extended payback period. The turf also made headlines when Boise State University notified Oxford that they held a trademark on the term "Blue Turf" for their field at Albertsons Stadium. Therefore, Oxford could not continue calling their field "blue turf", but instead could use the terms "navy turf", "Oxford blue turf", or "true blue turf".
Notable alumni
Jim Bates, 1964, former professional football coach
Eric Ghiaciuc, 2000, former professional football player
Zach Line, 2008, professional football player
Mike Lantry, 1966, former University of Michigan football kicker
Dave Rayner, 2001, former professional football player
References
External links
Oxford Schools: Oxford High School
Public high schools in Michigan
School buildings completed in 2004
High schools in Oakland County, Michigan
2004 establishments in Michigan
The Journal of Zoology is a scientific journal concerning zoology, the study of animals. It was founded in 1830 by the Zoological Society of London and is published by Wiley-Blackwell. It carries original research papers, which are targeted towards general readers. Some of the articles are available via open access, depending on the author's wishes. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 2.322, ranking it 36th out of 175 journals in the category "Zoology".
From around 1833, it was known as the Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London (). From 1965 to 1984, it was known as the Journal of Zoology: Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London ().
See also
List of zoology journals
References
External links
BHL Digitised Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London 1833 (Part 1) - 1922
Zoology journals
Wiley-Blackwell academic journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1830
Monthly journals
Zoological Society of London
Academic journals associated with learned and professional societies
1830 establishments in England
The Fijnschilders (literally "fine-painters"), also called the Leiden Fijnschilders ('Leidse Fijnschilders'), were Dutch Golden Age painters who, from about 1630 to 1710, strove to create as natural a reproduction of reality as possible in their meticulously executed, often small-scale works.
Although in the seventeenth century, as in modern Dutch, the term fijnschilder was used to differentiate between a painter practicing classic techniques and one who, for instance, is a house painter, in the nineteenth century it became a label for artists like Gerrit Dou and his followers in Leiden. Dou, Frans van Mieris, Sr. and Adriaen van der Werff—all among the most successful of the Dutch Baroque—became identifiable by their "fine" manner, exquisite techniques, and extreme attention to detail resulting in works with smooth surfaces completely lacking painterly brush strokes. The application of paint contrasts with the textures and style of other Dutch painters, such as Frans Hals and Dou's teacher Rembrandt van Rijn. In this way they have more in common with earlier traditions in Netherlandish painting, such as the detailed richness of Jan van Eyck. Other artists working in the style include Godfried Schalcken, Quirijn van Brekelenkam, Pieter Leermans and, at times, Gabriel Metsu.
The fijnschilders are best known for genre scenes showing everyday life and activities, candle-lit nocturnal subjects, and trompe-l'œil "niche" paintings.
References
Leidse fijnschilders: van Gerrit Dou tot Frans van Mieris de Jonge 1630-1760, Leiden, Stedelijk Museum de Lakenhal, 1988
Art movements in Dutch painting
Art of the Dutch Golden Age
Nicolaas Hendrik Swellengrebel (12 August 1885 – 1 January 1970) was a Dutch epidemiologist, parasitologist, pathologist, and specialist on several human diseases, particularly malaria. He pioneered an ecological approach to the management of the habitat to control vector species that he called as "species sanitation."
Born in an upper-class Amsterdam family, he became interested in biology at high school and went to university to study biology at the University of Zurich and at University of Amsterdam where professor Hugo de Vries warned him of the lack of jobs in the field. He then worked at the Pasteur Institute in Paris in 1907. One of early works was to show that spirochetes were not bacteria and he described Borrelia after Dr. Amédée Borrel. He was also influenced by Robert Koch and Louis Pasteur but found that medical researchers lacked a sound training or interest in many aspects of biology. His first work in public health was on plague dealing with an outbreak in Holland and in the colonies in Indonesia and Java. While in Southeast Asia he met the malariologist W.A.P. Schüffner and began to collaborate with him on malarial studies. He saw the need for entomological studies and made more trips in the region, accompanied by his wife Meta, and sought a naturalistic approach to the management of vectors by modification of the habitats, a method that he called "species sanitation." This required a knowledge of the biology of malaria vectors that examined the habitat and biology of the species found in a location and the niches occupied by the main vector species. He was against the use of methods that targeted mosquitoes in general or even a genus but examined how to target single species. He was also interested in the evolution of human resistance to malaria.
References
1885 births
1970 deaths
Dutch pathologists
Malariologists
Jin Chao-chun (; born on 26 November 1951) is a Golden Bell Award-winning Taiwanese actor who achieved regional fame in East Asia and Southeast Asia for his portrayal of the ancient Chinese official Bao Zheng in the 1993 TV series Justice Bao. By 2012 he has portrayed Bao Zheng in over 700 episodes of television series produced in Taiwan, Hong Kong, Mainland China and Singapore. In 1997, he financed the construction of "Chao-chun Film Studio" in Qingdao, China to film Bao Zheng-related television drama.
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
Taiwanese male television actors
Taiwanese male film actors
Fu Hsing Kang College alumni
East Oolitic is an unincorporated community in Shawswick Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
History
East Oolitic was originally called Spien Kopj, in commemoration of the Battle of Spion Kop in the Second Boer War. East Ooltic was platted in 1900. Oolite is a type of limestone found in the area.
Geography
East Oolitic, Indiana is located at / 38.89889°N 86.51194°W / 38.89889; -86.51194, in Lawrence County approximately two miles north of Bedford, and one half mile east of Oolitic.
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Saint-Paul is a municipality in the Lanaudière region of Quebec, Canada, part of the Joliette Regional County Municipality.
History
Saint-Paul was born in the northeast of the former Lordship of Lavaltrie. The first settlers, mainly from Saint-Pierre-du-Portage (L'Assomption) and Saint-Sulpice, cleared the territory gradually. First along the L'Assomption River around 1748, then on the coast of the Ouareau River around 1750 and on the Saint-Pierre stream around 1765. The population grew rapidly. Then, the territory was known as Saint-Paul-de-Lavaltrie
In 1855, the Parliament of United Canada passed the Lower Canada Municipalities and Roads Act to ensure the legal existence of many localities. That year, on July 1st, a municipality was officially born under the name Conversion-de-Saint-Paul. In April 1922, the more urban sector of Conversion-de-Saint-Paul split away to form the new village municipality of Saint-Paul. That village changed its name seven years later to become the current village of Saint-Pierre. Meanwhile the rural Conversion-de-Saint-Paul would eventually change its name to only Saint-Paul, in 1954, to become the municipality we currently know.
Demographics
Population trend:
Population in 2021: 6566 (2016 to 2021 population change: 11.5%)
Population in 2016: 5891
Population in 2011: 5122
Population in 2006: 3987
Population in 2001: 3616 (or 3606 with 2006 boundaries)
Population in 1996: 3644
Population in 1991: 3648
Private dwellings occupied by usual residents: 2701 (total dwellings: 2755)
Mother tongue:
English as first language: 0.8%
French as first language: 95.8%
English and French as first language: 0.8%
Other as first language: 1.9%
Education
Commission scolaire des Samares operates francophone public schools, including:
École La Passerelle
pavillon Notre-Dame-du-Sacré-Coeur
pavillon Vert-Demain
The Sir Wilfrid Laurier School Board operates anglophone public schools, including:
Joliette Elementary School in Saint-Charles-Borromée
Joliette High School in Joliette
The sole private school is operated by a cult, Mission de l'Esprit-Saint. It opened in 2016, following the foreclosure of the former illegal school, a decade ago :
École l'Accord
See also
List of municipalities in Quebec
References
External links
Incorporated places in Lanaudière
Municipalities in Quebec
The Lake Wales Ridge National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) System, located in four separated areas on the Lake Wales Ridge east of US 27 between Davenport and Sebring Florida. The 1,194 acre (4.8 km2) refuge was established in 1990, to protect a host of plants and animals. It is also the first to be designated primarily for the preservation of endangered plants, and is not open to the general public. It contains a high proportion of remaining Florida scrub habitat. It is administered as part of the Merritt Island National Wildlife Refuge.
Management
Since 2012 the Lake Wales Ridge NWR has been administered by the Everglades Headwaters National Wildlife Refuge Complex, along with the Pelican Island NWR, Archie Carr NWR, and the Everglades Headwaters National Wildlife Refuge and Conservation Area.
Flora
The plants the refuge was designed to protect are the snakeroot (Eryngium cuneifolium), scrub blazing star (Liatris ohlingerae), Carter's mustard (Warea carteri), papery Whitlow-wort (Paronychia chartacea), Florida bonamia (Bonamia grandiflora), scrub lupine (Lupinus aridorum), highlands scrub hypericum (Hypericum cumulicola), Garett's mint (Dicerandra christmanii), scrub mint (Dicerandra frutescens), pygmy fringetree (Chionanthus pygmaeus), wireweed (Polygonum basiramia), sandlace (Polygonum dentoceras), Florida ziziphus (Ziziphus celata), and scrub plum (Prunus geniculata).
Fauna
The animals the refuge was designed to protect are the Florida scrub jay (Aphelocoma coerulescens), eastern indigo snake (Drymarchon corais couperi), bluetail mole skink (Eumeces egregius lividus), and sand skink (Neoseps reynoldsi).
References
External links
Protected areas of Highlands County, Florida
Protected areas of Polk County, Florida
National Wildlife Refuges in Florida
1990 establishments in Florida
Protected areas established in 1990
The 1962 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned Australian motor racing title for Appendix J Touring Cars. It was contested as a single race, staged at the Longford Circuit, in Tasmania, Australia, on 3 March 1962. The title, which was the third Australian Touring Car Championship, was won by Bob Jane, driving a Jaguar Mark 2 3.8.
Classes
Cars competed in six engine capacity classes:
Under 1000cc
1000–1600cc
1600–2000cc
2000–2600cc
2600–3500cc
Over 3500cc
There were no entries in the 1600–2000cc class.
Race
Jaguars continued their domination of the championship in 1962. Four were entered for the event, though Ian Geoghegan was forced to withdraw his after breaking a rear axle during practice. This left the Jaguars of Bob Jane, defending champion Bill Pitt and Bill Burns to take the front row of the grid. Norm Beechey had been racing a Chevrolet Impala in other events in Australia but was unable to attend Longford.
Jane led away from the start with Pitt in pursuit. However, Pitt suffered an overdrive problem during the race which allowed Jane to take an easy win, while Burns completed the podium. West was running in fourth during the final lap, but a burned piston meant he had to limp to the finish. He was passed by Brigden, who then went straight ahead at the final corner with fading brakes. West retook fourth heading onto pit straight but Brigden was able to turn around and repass West in the final 400 metres. Ross Farmer finished sixth ahead of Bob Holden, Peter Manton, who had made contact with a lapped car and pitted to check for damage, and George Maguire, the last finisher.
The domination of the Jaguars was proven in the speeds taken from the flying-eighth: Jane was recorded at 134 mph while West and Brigden only managed 117 and 106 mph respectively.
Results
Class winners are indicated by bold text.
Statistics
Pole position: Bob Jane
Fastest lap: Bob Jane, 3:07.1
Race distance: 15 laps, 108.60 km
Average speed: 136.31 km/h
References
External links
Image of the start of the 1962 Australian Touring Car Championship at jagqld.org.au via web.archive.org. Left to right on the front row are the Jaguars of Bob Jane, Bill Pitt and Bill Burns.
Australian Touring Car Championship seasons
Touring Car Championship
Motorsport in Tasmania
Grotesco is a Swedish comedy group and the name of a comedy series that the group recorded 3 seasons for, under SVT, it aired between Autumn of 2007 and 2017. As well as this, the group also participated as break entertainment in Melodifestivalen 2009 (The Melody Festival - A Swedish festival to determine the 49th song to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest), and released a CD with different variants of the hit song Tingeling, which headlined in the break entertainment.
On 15 January 2015, they had the premiere for their first stage performance "Grotesco på Scala - en näradödenrevy" (Grotesco at Scala - a near-death revue) in the Scala Theatre in Stockholm. On 3 September 2015, it was confirmed that Grotesco would do a third season of their TV series.
Controversy
On 5 November 2010, Grotesco released a music video, Blanda Upp (meaning "Mix It Up"), which involved foreigners dancing to a rapper and a singer performing the national anthem while dancing in a sexual manner atop a black man, as a parody of media reports over the increasing foreign minorities in the country.
References
External links
Official website
Internet memes
Swedish comedians
2007 Swedish television series debuts
2010 Swedish television series debuts
The white-throated seedeater (Sporophila albogularis) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is endemic to northeastern Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
External links
Associação Mãe-da-lua White-throated Seedeater (Sporophila albogularis) - Photos, sounds, notes
white-throated seedeater
Birds of the Caatinga
Endemic birds of Brazil
white-throated seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Sea View Yacht Club is in the village of Seaview, on the Isle of Wight, on the north-east coast of the island. Founded in 1893, its stated aim is 'to encourage amateur sailing and boat racing'.
The Club is well known for two designs of boat: the Mermaid (keel boat) and the Sea View One-Design (SVOD), also known as the Seaview Dinghy. Notable members include Olympic Gold Medallist Ben Ainslie.
The Mermaids
The Mermaids are a fleet of 13 identical keelboats, owned by the Club. They are moored off Seaview from April through to October. There is an ISAF grade 3 Match race held annually in April to get the Season going. The first fleet of boats were built in 1907. The current fleet, of GRP boats, were built around the 2000 millennium. There is always a packed programme of races for both Charterers and Club Members throughout the April to October period.
Sea View One-Design
There are two hundred of these classic design, clinker built, dinghies based in the village of Seaview. The boats continue to be hand-built in the village, by the family firm of V.A. Warren & Son. The Sea View One Design class was founded in 1931. The 75th Anniversary was celebrated with a fleet race on 18 August 2006, this was followed in the afternoon by a sailpast of 198 boats from the class.
The Seaview Dinghies are the largest local one-design fleet on the South Coast of England.
External links
Classic Boat guide to Seaview Mermaid
Club website
Mermaid Keelboat Racing Charter
Sea View One-Design website
References
Yacht clubs in England
Sport on the Isle of Wight
1893 establishments in England
Closure is fifth and final studio album by Spahn Ranch, released on February 6, 2001, by Cleopatra Records.
Reception
AllMusic awarded Closure four out of five stars, with its review by Alex Henderson saying "'Destruction' and 'Mind Over Matter' are relevant to the industrial-dance and EBM scenes, but, overall, the material is much closer to goth rock's brooding sorrow than industrial's in-your-face anger — and that is true of original songs like 'The Last Laugh' and 'Reasons' as well as an unlikely cover of P.J. Harvey's 'The River,' which is a radical departure from her version and works surprisingly well in a dark wave setting." In writing for Electrogarden, critic Michael Casano awarded the album a ten.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Closure liner notes.
Spahn Ranch
Matt Green – guitar, keyboards, melodica, programming, production, engineering, mixing
Harry Lewis – percussion
Athan Maroulis – lead vocals, art direction, photography
Additional performers
Daniel Bryan Harvey – guitar on tracks 2,4
Production and design
Mark Blasquez – mix doctor on track 3
Judson Leach – mastering
Eunah Lee – design
Release history
References
External links
Closure at iTunes
2001 albums
Spahn Ranch (band) albums
Cleopatra Records albums
Acrolepia syrphacopis is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1919. It is found in South America.
References
Moths described in 1919
Acrolepiidae
Nepytia umbrosaria is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Alpheus Spring Packard in 1873. It is found in North America, including Arizona, British Columbia, California, Oklahoma, Oregon and Washington.
The wingspan is about 33 mm. Adults are on wing from late July to early August.
The larvae feed on the foliage of Abies amabilis, Abies grandis, Pseudotsuga menziesii var. glauca and Tsuga heterophylla. Mature larvae reach a length of about 35 mm. They have a creamy-yellow body, marked with orange middorsal patches and with a light tan head with dark spots. The species overwinters as a mid-instar larva. Larvae feed from April to June. Pupation takes place in June.
Subspecies
Nepytia umbrosaria umbrosaria
Nepytia umbrosaria nigrovenaria (Packard, 1876)
References
Moths described in 1873
Ourapterygini
Pedro Centeno Baquero (born 1970 in Manila) is a Filipino clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kerema. He was appointed bishop in 2017.
References
Filipino Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Kerema
Clergy from Manila
1970 births
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Leo Clasen (1906 - 1972) was imprisoned in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp because of his homosexuality. He wrote about his experiences in 1954–1955 in the homophile magazine Humanitas, Monatszeitschrift für Menschlichkeit und Kultur, which was published in seven parts under the pseudonym L. D. Classen von Neudegg. His account is one of the most significant records of the experience of homosexuals persecuted by Nazi Germany. He was born on 26 June 1906 in Neumünster, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany and was educated as a doctor.
See also
Persecution of homosexuals in Nazi Germany and the Holocaust
References
1906 births
1972 deaths
Gay men
Homosexual concentration camp survivors
LGBT people from Germany
Sachsenhausen concentration camp survivors
People convicted under Germany's Paragraph 175
Physicians from Schleswig-Holstein
People from Neumünster
20th-century LGBT people
The Neuroscientist is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Neurology and Neuroscience. The journal's editor is Stephen G Waxman (Yale University). It has been in publication since 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Scope
The Neuroscientist is aimed at basic neuroscientists, neurologists, neurosurgeons, and psychiatrists in research, academic, and clinical settings, reviewing new and emerging basic and clinical neuroscience research. The journal evaluates key trends in molecular, cellular, developmental, behavioral systems, and cognitive neuroscience in a disease-relevant format.
Abstracting and indexing
The Neuroscientist is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2013/2014 impact factor is 6.837, ranking it 11 out of 194 journals in the category ‘Clinical Neurology'. and 25 out of 185 journals in the category ‘Clinical Neurology'.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Neuroscience journals
Neurology journals
The Parade Shops, formerly the Royal Salop Infirmary, is a specialist shopping centre at St Mary's Place in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, England. It is a Grade II listed building.
History
The original facility on the site was the Salop Infirmary designed by William Baker of Audlem and completed in 1745, converting a mansion named Broom Hall which had been a local house of Corbet Kynaston. The infirmary was completely rebuilt to a design by Edward Haycock, with occasional inspections by Sir Robert Smirke, in the Greek Revival style in 1830. An additional wing was completed in 1870 and it was renamed the Royal Salop Infirmary in 1914. It joined the National Health Service in 1948. The hospital was closed, after structural difficulties were experienced, on 20 November 1977.
After services transferred to the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital by 1979, the Royal Salop Infirmary buildings were acquired by a developer who converted it into a shopping centre in the early 1980s.
Notable staff of Royal Salop Infirmary
Job Orton, dissenting minister, was first board secretary of the infirmary in 1745-47.
William Farr, statistician, was originally employed as a dresser (surgeon's assistant) there in 1826.
Charles Maude, later Archdeacon of Salop, was appointed hospital chaplain in 1901.
References
External links
The Parade Shops
Economy of Shropshire
Shopping centres in Shropshire
Buildings and structures in Shrewsbury
Carl-Johan Meyer (born April 1, 1994) is a Swedish ice hockey player. He made his Elitserien debut playing with Brynäs IF during the 2012–13 Elitserien season.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
Brynäs IF players
Sportspeople from Uppsala
Jermenovci (Serbian: Jermenovci or Јермeновци; Hungarian: Ürményháza; German: Ürmenhausen) is a village located in the Plandište municipality, in the South Banat District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority (69.11%).
History
At the time of its foundation in 1817, the village was part of the Austrian Empire. It was administratively included into Torontal County within the Kingdom of Hungary (1538–1867) however the Austrian Empire ruled the Kingdom of Hungary. Draining of the marshlands prior to first human settlement necessitated the opening of the Maria Theresa Canal to bypass the future village of Ürmenhausen. In 1955, due to agricultural necessity to control recurrent flooding, this canal was widened and deepened to provide better drainage. With that improvement, the flow of water changed direction running from west to east. The name of the canal was changed to the DTD Canal (Danube–Tisa–Danube Canal), and it became a sector of this major waterway.
The first settlers of Ürmenhausen village were the handpicked 62 Roman Catholic Hungarian families that formed the nucleus population in 1817. These families had arrived from Majsa, Apátfalva, and Rákospuszta. Sixty families received titled deeds for arable land and dwelling whereas two received deeds for housing land only. The original freehold titleholders were primarily engaged in agriculture, animal husbandry and in growing of tobacco plant.
On September 23, 1848 during the historic Hungarian national revolution, Serbian rebels attacked the village and the defending local Hungarian inhabitants who, following resistance, had to flee as Ürményháza was torched. The village population returned by 1850 upon restoration of law and order.
In 1848 and 1849, the village was part of the autonomous Serbian Vojvodina and from 1849 to 1860 it was part of the Voivodeship of Serbia and Banat of Temeschwar, an Habsburg crown land. After the abolition of the voivodeship in 1860, the village was included into the restored Torontal County, under the charter of Austrian Crown lands.
In 1867, when the Austrian Empire was transformed into the Dual Monarchy of Austria-Hungary, this village became part of Transleithania or the Hungarian-governed part of the Dual Monarchy and the Hungarian name “Ürményháza” became its official appellation. Following the collapse of the Monarchy in 1918, the village became part of the Kingdom of Serbia and subsequently part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (later renamed to Yugoslavia). Since that time, the Serbian name version “Irmenjhaza” (Ирмењхаза) was used as the official name. In 1921, the Serbian name was changed to “Jermenovci” (Јерменовци). It was, however, still unofficially called Ürményháza by local Hungarians.
The population grew until 1931 despite emigration to faraway lands but remained a predominantly ethnic Hungarian enclave to this date with its bilingual village folk. After World War II, the population of the village decreased.
The oil surveying began in 1951. The first oil well became operational on 9 November 1952, while the continuous production began in 1956, uninterrupted until today (2018).
The name and its origin
Built on dried and reclaimed vacant state property marshlands, the village was named “Ürmenhausen” / “Ürményháza” / “Irmenjhaza” (Ирмењхаза) in 1817, in deference to its virtual founding father, the Hungarian nobleman and Crown Counsellor Ferenc Ürményi (1780–1880), director of the Treasury's Crown Lands Department in Temeschwar / Timișoara (in today's Romania).
The German, Hungarian and Serbian names for the village were officially used in various time periods. The older Serbian name “Irmenjhaza” (Ирмењхаза) was changed to “Jermenovci” (Јерменовци) in 1921.
Names through history
Chronology, appellation, supreme rulers of the general territory and township administration:
1817–1867: Ürmenhausen – Austrian Empire – Kingdom of Hungary – Local County Administration
1867–1918: Ürményháza – Austro-Hungarian Empire – Kingdom of Hungary – Local County Administration on Hungarian Crown land.
1918: Irmenjhaza (Ирмењхаза) – Kingdom of Serbia – Banat, Bačka and Baranja – Local District Administration
1918–1921: Irmenjhaza (Ирмењхаза) – Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes – Local District Administration
1921–1941: Jermenovci (Јерменовци) – Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia) – Local District, Oblast and Banovina Administration
1941–1944: Jermenovci (Јерменовци) – Serbia – Local Banovina and District Administration
1944–1992: Jermenovci (Јерменовци) – Federal Republic of Yugoslavia – Local Provincial Administration
1992–2006: Jermenovci (Јерменовци) – Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) – Local Provincial Administration
After 2006: Jermenovci (Јерменовци) – Republic of Serbia – Local Provincial Administration
Notes
Ürmény (Slovak: Urmín) was the pre-1918 Hungarian name of today's Mojmirovce village in Nitra County in Slovakia. Jermenovci/Ürményháza's name is related to Ürmény through the name of István Ürményi, the paternal grandfather of Ferenc Ürményi (1780–1858), the founder of Jermenovci in 1817. István, an aristocrat and landed Crown Counselor, was born in the early 18th century as István Kiss-Ilméry in the village of Ürmény (Slovak: Urmín, renamed Mojmirovce since 1920) in present-day Slovakia, which in that time was under Austrian and Hungarian rule. He replaced his surname and adopted the new family name "Ürményi" by imperial charter in the 18th century, officially entering the ranks of family crested nobility. The Ürményi family's ancestral manor-house built in the 19th century by József Ürményi I (son of István) has been the landmark Ürményi Kastély (Ürményi Castle/Palace) at Vál, located halfway between Budapest and Székesfehérvár in Hungary. Ürményi was an eminent family name of Hungarian nobility with branches in Budapest, Slovakia, Serbia, Romania and their descendants across the world.
Geography
The nearest populated areas are Plandište (8 km), Vršac (21 km).
The village is 62 km northeast from the capital, Belgrade.
Social Activities
Five associations cultivate and maintain the Hungarian social and cultural heritage through the Ürményházi Ifjúsági Klub (Youth club), the Polgárok Társulása (Citizens fellowship), the Ürményházi Hagyományápoló Kör (Heritage care circle), the Ürményházi Petőfi Sándor Művelődési Egyesület (Petőfi Sándor cultural association) and the Pipacs Nőegylet (Red Poppy Lady Embroiderers Club). The village is part of the Roman Catholic Communities Network (Katolikus Közösségek Hálozata) of South Banat, and thus occasionally partakes in social get-togethers of the districts within the province. The village has robust ties in every field with Hungarian organisations in Vojvodina, with Hungary and with other Hungarian communities outside Hungary through the bonds of language, root culture, common heritage and ethnicity.
Notable Places and Activities
R.C. Church of Szent Anna ( Church of St. Ann, Blessed Mother of the Virgin Mary ), Boldog Szűz Mária Édesanyja Szent Anna katolikus templom. Built in 1834–35, this church burned down but was reconstructed and reconsecrated in 1854.
Mineral springs, confirmed therapeutic thermal and radio-active underground mud pools discovered in the area in 1973 yet to be developed
Marginal crude oil industry visible through extraction pumps in the countryside
Good fishing in the Danube–Tisa–Danube canal
Major ethnic groups
Trivia
In 1856, the rural bandit gang leader Sándor Rózsa (betyár Rózsa Sándor), who entered Hungarian national folklore, robbed the post office and national savings bank agency in Ürmenhausen. He escaped from the siege set by the gendarmes, but killed the local headborough/village judge, his very last victim.
See also
List of places in Serbia
List of cities, towns and villages in Vojvodina
References
Sources
"Ürményháza-Jermenovci" multjának és jelenének rövid vázlata, A Tudás kiadás- Összehozta/irta Fehér Lajos, Ürményháza 1984.
Milleker Bódog: Ürményháza története (1817–1906), Versec 1906.
Borovszki Samu dr. : Torontál vármegye. Országos Monográfiai Társaság, Budapest.
Ürményházi Attila a.k.a. Attila Urmenyhazi adatgyüjtõ/mûforditó, researcher/translator, Hobart (Tasmánia, Ausztrália) 2013.
Slobodan Ćurčić, Broj stanovnika Vojvodine, Novi Sad, 1996.
Populated places in Serbian Banat
Populated places in South Banat District
Plandište
Kazimierz R. Czarnecki (1916 – 30 January 2005) was a Polish aeronautics engineer who worked for NACA, later NASA.
Kazimierz Czarnecki immigrated to the United States in an unknown year. He graduated in 1939 from the University of Alabama. He started working with NACA that same year and remained through the renaming to NASA until his retirement in 1978 from a position as Senior Aeronautical Research Engineer.
In the 2016 film Hidden Figures, Karl Zielinski was a fictionalized version of Czarnecki featured as a wind tunnel expert. He published many papers together with Mary W. Jackson, serving as her long-time mentor. In 1979, Jackson organized his retirement party.
Publications
References
External links
NASA Technical Reports Server (NTRS): Czarnecki, K R
Polish aerospace engineers
1916 births
2005 deaths
University of Alabama alumni
NASA people
Langley Research Center
Polish emigrants to the United States
The chestnut-bellied fantail (Rhipidura hyperythra) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae.
It is found in the Aru Islands and New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
chestnut-bellied fantail
Birds of the Aru Islands
Birds of New Guinea
chestnut-bellied fantail
chestnut-bellied fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fanny was an American rock band, active in the early to mid 1970s. They were one of the first all-female rock groups to achieve critical and commercial success, including two Billboard Hot 100 Top 40 singles.
The group was founded by guitarist June Millington and her sister, bassist Jean, who had been playing music together since they moved from the Philippines to California in the early 1960s. After playing through several variations of the band, they attracted the interest of producer Richard Perry who signed them to Reprise Records in 1969 as Fanny. The band recorded four albums together before June Millington quit the group, leading to the original line-up splitting. Following a final album, Fanny disbanded in 1975. The Millington sisters have continued to play music together since the split, and with a former drummer, Brie Howard-Darling, formed the spin-off group Fanny Walked the Earth in 2018.
The group has continued to attract critical acclaim for rejecting typical girl group styles and expectations of women in the rock industry generally, and emphasizing their musical skills. Later groups such as the Go-Go's, the Bangles, and the Runaways cited Fanny as a key influence.
Career
Sisters June and Jean Millington moved with their family from the Philippines to Sacramento, California in 1961. They began to play music together on ukuleles, which helped them gain friends. In high school they formed an all-female band called the Svelts with June on guitar, Jean on bass, Addie Lee on guitar, and Brie Brandt on drums. Brandt left to get married and was later replaced by Alice de Buhr. When the Svelts disbanded, de Buhr and Lee formed another all-female group called Wild Honey. The Millington sisters later joined this band, which played Motown covers, and eventually moved to Los Angeles.
Frustrated by a lack of success or respect in the male-dominated rock scene, Wild Honey decided to disband after one final open-mic appearance at the Troubadour Club in Los Angeles in 1969. They were spotted at this gig by the secretary of producer Richard Perry, who had been searching for an all-female rock band to mentor. Perry convinced Warner Bros. Records to sign the band, still known as Wild Honey, to Reprise Records. The group won the contract without the label hearing them play, on the grounds of being a novelty act, despite their genuine musical talent. Prior to recording their first album, the band recruited keyboardist Nickey Barclay.
The band was then renamed Fanny, not with a sexual connotation but to denote a female spirit. The initial lineup consisted of June Millington on guitar, Jean Millington on bass, de Buhr on drums, Barclay on keyboards, and Brandt on lead vocals and percussion. Perry dismissed Brandt because he wanted the group to be a self-contained four-piece band like the Beatles. The Millingtons and Barclay all assumed lead vocal duties on alternating songs, while de Buhr sang lead occasionally on later albums.
Perry produced the band's first three albums, beginning with Fanny in 1970. Because of the connection to Perry and Reprise Records, Barclay was invited to tour with Joe Cocker as a backing singer, and consequently appeared on the album Mad Dogs and Englishmen. The group's cover of Cream's "Badge" from the first album had significant radio airplay. The follow-up album, Charity Ball was released the following year, and its title track reached #40 on the Billboard Hot 100. The members of Fanny also worked as session musicians, and played on Barbra Streisand's 1971 album Barbra Joan Streisand, after Streisand had wanted to record with a small band. The group continued to pick up well-known fans; David Bowie sent the group a letter admiring their work and invited the band to a post-show party where he showed them mime techniques. With young engineer Leslie Ann Jones as their road manager and live sound mixer, Fanny toured worldwide, opening for Slade, Jethro Tull and Humble Pie, gaining widespread popularity in the United Kingdom. A 1971 article in Sounds remarked that the group "seems that they are the support group to everyone these days". The group made several live television appearances during tours, including The Sonny and Cher Show, American Bandstand, The Old Grey Whistle Test and Beat-Club.
The group's third album, Fanny Hill (1972) featured the Beatles' engineer Geoff Emerick in addition to Perry's production. It included a cover of the Beatles' "Hey Bulldog" and Marvin Gaye's "Ain't That Peculiar". The latter featured regular Rolling Stones saxophonist Bobby Keys, and was released as a single, reaching #85 on the Billboard Hot 100. Fellow Stones sideman Jim Price also played brass on the album. Rolling Stone wrote a rave review of the album, praising the group's musical skills and particularly June Millington's ability to play both lead and rhythm guitar.
Their fourth album, Mothers Pride (1973), was produced by Todd Rundgren. By the time Mothers Pride was released, June Millington was feeling constrained by the group format. The record label wanted her to wear certain designer clothes and adopt a hard rock image, which she resisted. She decided to quit the group, later saying "I needed to figure out who I was" and regularly clashed with Barclay, who had a different personality to her. June moved to Woodstock to study Buddhism, but insisted the group continue without her.
De Buhr also left the band, with a returning Brandt replacing her on drums. Patti Quatro (sister of Suzi Quatro) replaced June on guitar. This lineup signed with Casablanca Records and released the final Fanny album, Rock and Roll Survivors, in 1974. The first single, "I've Had It" reached #79 on the Billboard Hot 100. Brandt left the band shortly after the album's completion when she married composer James Newton Howard, and was briefly replaced by Cam Davis. Barclay quit the group at the end of 1974, thinking it was not working without June Millington. The second single, "Butter Boy" was written by Jean Millington about Bowie, and became their biggest hit, reaching #29 on the Billboard Hot 100 in April 1975. By the time that was released, the group had split.
Post-split activities
After the breakup, in 1975 the Millington sisters put together a new line-up of Fanny for a short tour, though no older Fanny material was played. This group ultimately morphed into a new all-women band called the L.A. All-Stars, which generated some interest from record labels, but with the stipulation that the band tour as Fanny and play only old Fanny songs, which June Millington opposed.
June Millington subsequently released three solo albums in the 1980s and has had a career as a producer for artists including Holly Near, Cris Williamson and Bitch and Animal. She operates the Institute for Musical Arts, a non-profit organization supporting girls and women in music. Jean Millington was married to Bowie's guitarist Earl Slick for a time and later became an herbalist. The Millingtons continued to record together after Fanny as well, most recently on the 2011 album Play Like a Girl on June's label Fabulous Records. Nickey Barclay released a solo album titled Diamond in a Junkyard in 1976 then withdrew from the music industry. De Buhr later worked in marketing for several major record labels, and promoted the Go-Go's, who cited Fanny as an influence. She collaborated with Real Gone Music in a reissue program of the group's albums.
Patti Quatro continued to work as a session musician for her sister Suzi and was involved in the reissue of material by the Quatro sisters' early band the Pleasure Seekers. Brie Brandt, later known as Brie Howard-Darling and currently as Brie Darling, had an active post-Fanny career, fronting the bands American Girls, which released one album in 1986, and Boxing Gandhis, which has released four albums since the mid-1990s. She has also acted in films such as 1982's Android and is the mother of Playboy Playmate Brandi Brandt. Quatro and Brandt both toured with Electric Light Orchestra and appeared on the album A New World Record in 1976.
In 2002, Rhino Records released the limited edition 4-CD box set First Time in a Long Time, which collected Fanny's first four studio albums along with live recordings, outtakes, and promotional items. A reunion concert featuring the Millington sisters and de Buhr (Barclay declined to appear for health reasons) was held at Berklee College of Music on April 20, 2007, where the band members received the Rockrgrl Women of Valor award for their achievements. The first four original Fanny albums are available on Real Gone records, with updated liner notes, pictures, and new mixes.
In 2016, Brie Howard joined a live performance by the Millington sisters. This inspired the formation of a new band called Fanny Walked the Earth. An album also titled Fanny Walked the Earth was released in March 2018. The album marks the first time June, Jean, and Brie all recorded at the same time in nearly 50 years. Fanny is the subject of the documentary film Fanny: The Right to Rock, released in 2021 and directed by Bobbi Jo Hart.
Musical style and legacy
Though Fanny was not the first all-female band to sign with a major label (after Goldie & the Gingerbreads and the Pleasure Seekers), they were the first to release an album on a major label and one of the first to achieve top 40 success on the Billboard Hot 100. Fanny's music was influenced by the Beatles and the Funk Brothers, the loose studio musician collective on Motown records.
The band resisted suggestions by the record company to dress in a typical girl group style, or emphasise any sex appeal, and rehearsed regularly, wanting to acquire a reputation based on their musical talent. Jean Millington later said that Fanny had to have a strong live presence in order to overcome audience's perceptions that women could not play rock music well. June added, "We knew we had to prove we could play and deliver live. Otherwise, no one would believe it." The group were more successful in the UK and Europe, where audiences appreciated their music and respected their work, as opposed to the US. De Buhr was disappointed to discover that some record company executives merely treated Fanny as a gimmick that should not be taken seriously. Promoter Bill Graham was reluctant to give the group a headlining slot at venues, for fear the group would split up as the members got married and had children, though the group have stressed this was due to business pragmatics and not chauvinism. During tours, female fans would ask the group how to form a band. Later all-female bands such as the Runaways and the Bangles have cited Fanny as a key influence.
A retrospective review of the group's career in Rebeat stressed that Fanny were simply a good band, irrespective of gender. June Millington has been praised for her guitar skills, and was described by Guitar Player as the hottest female guitar player in the music industry. During her time in Fanny, she initially favored the Gibson ES-355 and Fender Twin Reverb amp, before acquiring a Gibson Les Paul Junior guitar and Traynor amplifiers. She used the Les Paul primarily for slide guitar playing. Jean Millington's main instrument in Fanny was a 1963 Fender Precision Bass, which is still in her possession.
Little Feat bandleader Lowell George was a fan of Fanny and jammed with the group when they were in Los Angeles. In a 1999 interview with Rolling Stone, Bowie revealed his respect for the band:
Personnel
Original line-up
Jean Millington – bass, vocals
June Millington – guitar, vocals
Nickey Barclay – keyboards, vocals
Alice de Buhr – drums, vocals
Later members
Patti Quatro – guitar, vocals
Brie Howard – drums, vocals
Cam Davis – drums
Discography
Studio albums
Fanny (1970)
Charity Ball (1971) (No. 150)
Fanny Hill (1972) (No. 135)
Mothers Pride (1973)
Rock and Roll Survivors (1974)
Live albums
Fanny Live (1998; recorded 1972)
Compilation albums
First Time in a Long Time - The Reprise Recordings (4CD box set, 2002)
Fanny Walked the Earth
Fanny Walked the Earth (2018)
See also
List of all-female bands
List of guests appearing on The Midnight Special
List of sibling musical groups
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Kickstarter Project: Play Like A Girl
Fan forum and portal: Fanny Seven Roads (F7R)
Metalmaidens' general history on the band
NY Daily News article on new album Play Like a Girl
All-female bands
Musical groups established in 1969
Musical groups disestablished in 1975
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1976 season.
Overview
It was contested by 13 teams, and Energija won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Schirgiswalde (in Sorbian Šěrachów, in Czech Šerachov) is a town and a former municipality in the district of Bautzen in Saxony in Germany. Since 1 January 2011, it is part of the town Schirgiswalde-Kirschau. It is located on the river Spree, 15 km south of Bautzen. The small town is an official place of relaxation (staatlich anerkannter Erholungsort). Together with the villages of Crostau and Kirschau it represents the administrative community of Schirgiswalde. Some smaller parts of the town are Neuschirgiswalde upon a hill and Petersbach.
History
The village of Schirgiswalde was first mentioned in a document from 1346. During the Thirty Years' War, most of the settlement was destroyed with the majority of the populace perishing in the conflict. To aid the rebuilding and economic reconstruction of the community, the lord of the manor of Schirgiswalde made it a town in 1665. Later, the small town became part of the land owned by the Domstift in Bautzen, effectively turning it into a property of the church. Until the midst of the 19th century, it stayed under the regime and the right of the Domstift.
In 1635, the region of Upper Lusatia became part of Saxony, but Schirgiswalde still belonged to Bohemia as an exclave. As a consequence to that, an influx of new settlers turned the town into a mostly catholic settlement. This peculiar situation as a Bohemian island in Saxony continued until 1809, after which the diplomatic status of the town became unclear for a period of 36 years, as protracted diplomatic arguments between Saxony and Austria over a possible exchange of territories struggled to yield any tangible results, despite the Saxon army taking over the city as early as 1810. The subsequent power vacuum in the town was extensively exploited by robbers, thieves and political refugees. An official solution became even less likely in 1813, as war broke out once more with Saxony and Austria finding themselves on opposing sides. It ultimately took until 1845 to resolve the conflict, with Schirgiswalde finally becoming part of the Kingdom of Saxony.
On January 1, 2011, the town of Schirgiswalde joined the municipalities of Kirschau and Crostau to form the new town of Schirgiswalde-Kirschau.
Museums and sights
The municipal museum can be found near the main street and near the park of the town. It offers an overview over all typical handicrafts and some archaeological findings and documents concerning the history of the town. It is also possible to take a look at the old tapestry-room belonging to the old manor of the Domstift. In the baroque catholic church upon a hill in the inner city some old figures and a so-called Eule-organ can be found. Like in other villages and towns of the southern Upper Lusatia the typical Umgebindehäuser are some of the most important sights in Schirgiswalde.
References
Towns in Saxony
Former municipalities in Saxony
Populated places in Bautzen (district)
BDP Quadrangle is the North American studio of UK-based global architecture, design, and urbanism firm, BDP.
History
Quadrangle was founded in June 1986 as a merger between two firms, Klein Taylor Goldsmith and Curtner Brown Architects. The firm's four founding partners were Hugh Taylor, Philip Goldsmith, Brian Curtner, and Leslie M. Klein. What started as a small, closely held corporation grew into a multiple shareholder corporation over the years.
The firm gained recognition in 1987, after transforming a heritage building at 299 Queen Street West into the headquarters of the CHUM media brand. The building is now known as Bell Media Queen Street. In 2016, the building was awarded landmark designation by the Ontario Association of Architects (OAA).
In 2010, Quadrangle initiated a joint venture with the March of Dimes Canada called AccessAbility Advantage, which was established to create more accessible built environments. In 2018, Quadrangle decided to end this partnership with March of Dimes, and instead launched Human Space, a new brand that expanded its services in human centred design to include wellness and resilience in addition to accessibility.
In February 2019, Quadrangle joined BDP.
In November 2020, the firm changed its name to BDP Quadrangle.
Specialties
Inclusivity, sustainability, and accessibility are important considerations for the firm.
The company has, since 1999, maintained female principals, and in 2019, Principal and Design Director Heather Rolleston joined Toronto's first all-female development team, which is composed of engineers, architects and urban planners.
In 2015 the company completed 100 Broadview, a commercial building for Hullmark that integrates universal design principles. The project received a silver award from the International Association for Universal Design.
Quadrangle designed accessible, family-sized condo suites for the Daniels Corporation's Artworks Tower, as part of the developer's Accessibility Designed Program (ADP), which was created in collaboration with Quadrangle and AccessAbility Advantage.
The firm led Ontario's experimentation with mass timber, through the design and construction of 80 Atlantic. In 2019, Michelle Xuereb, Director of Innovation, held a TED Talk on how architecture can help fight climate change at the 2019 TEDxToronto event held at the Evergreen Brickworks. In the same year, Quadrangle signed the Canadian Architectural Professionals Declare Planetary Health Emergency and Commit to Urgent and Sustained Action, a pledge to create and advocate for sustainable built environments.
Housing
Quadrangle contributed significantly to Toronto's multi-unit residential housing market. In the early 90s, the firm developed an expertise in non-profit housing, with projects such as the Tatry and Pathways Non-Profit Housing complex, the first Canadian project to win a World Habitat Award from the United Nations. For Toronto's Condominium housing market, the firm created landmark buildings including The Morgan and the St. James Condominiums for Great Gulf Homes in 1998, which were designed as homages to their historic urban contexts.
Quadrangle also led the wave of Toronto factory-to-residential loft conversions with the early transformation of the Ce De Candy Company into the Candy Factory Lofts (1998) and later the conversion of Irwin Toys landmark building in Liberty Village into the Toy Factory Lofts (2007) for Lanterra Developments.
130 Bloor and 36 Hazelton were early examples of additions to existing heritage buildings, which were a different take on Toronto urban infill buildings. 130 Bloor won an RAIC Innovation Award for the structural complexity required to support the additional load of nine new floors of suites on top of a 1960s office building. 36 Hazelton tucked 21 apartments into a nine-storey addition behind the façade of the historic St. Basil's School in Yorkville.
The firm was an early proponent of the intensification of existing "towers in the park," by adding density to underused land and providing new housing, including purpose-built rental projects at 66 Isabella Street for Park Property Management and new condominiums at Plaza Midtown for Plazacorp.
In 2010, Quadrangle co-authored the City of Toronto's Mid-rise Guidelines, and subsequently completed several mid-rise projects such as Duke Condos for TAS Design-Build, which won a 2019 Toronto Urban Design Award.
The studio has advocated for a shift from glass and steel towers towards more sustainable alternatives that improve energy performance by measures such as increasing the window-to-wall ratio. The firm is presently working on Expo City 5 – CG Tower, a 551-unit condominium for the Cortel Group in the Vaughan Metropolitan area, which features a stepped brick-faced facade with a window-to-wall ratio of 43% in contrast to conventional glass-wall towers.
Through its master planning work, Quadrangle is designing large residential communities for Toronto including the Fort York Neighbourhood for Plazacorp and Downtown Markham for Remington Homes. These projects are establishing complete walkable communities in reclaimed industrial lands or in Suburban contexts.
Notable projects
299 Queen Street West (1987, 2004)
299 Queen Street West is a neo-gothic heritage building with a terra-cotta facade that was purchased by television executive Moses Znaimer in 1985 as the headquarters of the media company CHUM. It is currently the headquarters of Bell Media. Quadrangle completed restoration and renovation work on the building in 1987 and 2004, transitioning the building into an innovative broadcast hub. To encourage the public to interact with the architecture, the firm added garage doors that exposed the studios and live tapings to the sidewalk and passersby. This move changed the media industry and became a model for other broadcasters in North America. Today, the building is considered a Toronto cultural landmark, having housed several local TV stations – including MuchMusic – and the Speaker's Corner video-booth. A news-truck, its wheels still rolling, protrudes through the unclad east wall. As the CHUM-City Building, it was "a buzzing sentient cathedral of good vibes, good music, and good people: 'The living movie' as it came to be known.”
BMW Toronto (2004)
Overlooking Toronto's Don Valley Parkway, BMW Toronto is a retrofit of a 1950s office building into a car dealership completed in 2004. Led by Quadrangle architect Roland Rom Colthoff (now director at RAW Design) the building introduced a new typology for automotive showrooms. Wrapped in glass on three sides, the exterior houses BMW cars in six display windows that are visible to passing motorists on the highway. Reviewing the project, Canadian Architect editor Ian Chodikoff wrote, "the juxtaposition of an unabashedly extroverted building adjacent to a high-speed corridor collides the image of BMW as ‘an ultimate driving machine' into one that has become an ultimate branding machine." The project won an Urban Design Award from the City of Toronto, a National Post Design Exchange Award, and an OAA Award of Excellence.
130 Bloor Street West (2009)
A complex adaptive re-use project, Quadrangle was asked by KingSett Capital to both renovate and add a 7-storey condo on top of an existing 1960s 14-storey commercial building (by Bregman + Hamann, now B+H Architects) that is topped by the heritage-listed modernist Toronto Penthouse (restored and updated in 2012 by interior designer J.F. Brennan). The penthouse was the most expensive condo in Canada in 2005. Sited on top of a subway line and several commercial businesses, the firm was challenged to renovate and create the addition while keeping the existing infrastructure structurally sound and allowing transit and business operations to continue. Quadrangle's design for the condo apartments includes a series of syncopated "boxes" faced with limestone. The project won an RAIC Innovation in Architecture award in 2009.
Corus Entertainment (2010)
Corus Quay is the headquarters of Corus Entertainment, located on Toronto's waterfront. The office building was first commissioned by Toronto Port Lands Company which soon became a "catalyst for the revitalization of Toronto's Eastern Bayfront area." The building was designed by Diamond Schmitt Architects and Quadrangle was in charge of repurposing the building's 500,000 square foot interior into a workplace, broadcasting and media hub. The largely open plan interior "merges high design with casual comfort" through colourful meeting rooms and cubicles, radio booths, graffiti murals spread out across boardrooms, and a spiral slide that spans three storeys. Collaborative and communal gathering spaces are emphasized to provide a fun and creative working environment. Corus Quay has received two ARIDO Awards of Excellence in 2011 and has been "named one of the top 10 coolest places in the world to work, as well as one of the world's most impressive offices."
Lululemon Yorkdale (2012)
This 3,000 square-foot Lululemon retail store located in Yorkdale Mall was a collaboration between Quadrangle, Lululemon store designer Emily Robin, and Toronto woodworkers Brothers Dressler. The facade is covered in a leaf-shaped mosaic composed by the Brothers Dressler from off-cuts of reclaimed wood. Unlike most retail stores located within malls, the wood mosaic, composed of 20 different species of wood, blocks views into the store. The design won an Ontario Wood Works! Award.
60 Atlantic Avenue (2014)
60 Atlantic Avenue is an adaptive re-use project located in Toronto's Liberty Village neighbourhood that was completed in 2014. BDP Quadrangle renovated an 1898 former wine warehouse into a mixed-use commercial space for Hullmark Developments. Defined by a Corten steel and glass service core that bisects the original brick façade, the new design references the neighbourhood's industrial heritage. By excavating the site and adding an addition, Quadrangle created a new outdoor courtyard and walk-out lower level that could be leased by the developer to make the entire project economically feasible. 60 Atlantic received an AJ Retrofit Award from the UK for outstanding adaptive reuse, a Good Design is Good Business Award from Architectural Record in the USA, and a Toronto Urban Design Award from the City of Toronto.
Samsung Experience Store (2017)
Completed in 2017, the 21,000 square foot two-storey store in Toronto's Eaton Centre is inspired by the rounded lines of Samsung Electronic's product range, with a grand curved staircase at the centre of the space. Unlike traditional retail stores, the Samsung Experience Store is designed to showcase the brand, rather than driving in-store sales. It includes a demo kitchen, interactive VR zones, as well as TV displays and customer service zones. The project received a 2018 ARIDO Award for its outstanding interior design.
80 Atlantic Avenue (2019)
80 Atlantic is Ontario's first mass timber commercial building in over a century. The project was commissioned by Hullmark Developments to create a paired commercial development with 60 Atlantic. Their intention was to create a premium office that would attract tenants seeking to associate their brand with an innovative and sustainable environment. The 90,000 square-foot structure features four-storeys of nail-laminated timber with glulam beams and columns above a one-storey concrete podium. The mass timber construction was studied by the industry professionals and students as a prototype for future buildings of this type in Ontario.
Yonge Sheppard Centre (2019)
Covering a total of 8.4 acres, the new Sheppard Yonge development is a mixed-use centre, which includes retail, condo, office, and rental space. The retail phase of the project was completed in 2019, while the Pivot rental tower is due for completion in 2021. Animating the streetscape with diverse retail, the new development is a huge transformation from its 1970 design that did not allow for transparency between the inside and outside. Quadrangle revitalized the outdated mall with easy street-level entrances, wide corridors, large windows, and renovated interiors that emphasize naturally-lit atriums. Black cladding was also added on the two office towers to give the overall centre a modern aesthetic.
Downtown Markham (Ongoing)
Located on a greenfield site near the Rouge River Valley, Downtown Markham is a mixed-use master-planned community with an urban feel in Markham, a largely car-centric bedroom community north of Toronto. Designed for Remington Group, the sustainable, pedestrian and transit-friendly project features a mix of residential, shopping, office space, recreation spaces, and public art installations with parks and green space leading to the Rouge River System. The project received a BILD Award in the Best New Community (Built) category at the 2017 BILD Awards.
Awards
Ontario Association of Architects Awards – Award of Excellence, 2004
BMW Showroom, 2004
Ontario Association of Architects Awards – Landmark Award, 2016
299 Queen Street West
Association of Registered Interior Designers of Ontario Awards – Award of Excellence, 2011
Corus Entertainment, 2010
Association of Registered Interior Designers of Ontario Awards – Award of Merit, 2015
60 Atlantic Avenue, 2014
Association of Registered Interior Designers of Ontario Awards, 2018
[Samsung Experience Store, 2017
The Travel Centre, 2017
Toronto Marriott Markham Guest Rooms, 2018
BILD Awards – Places to Grow Community of the Year (High Rise) Award, 2012
Downtown Markham Master Plan, 2009 + Ongoing
BILD Awards – Best New Community (Built), 2017
Downtown Markham Master Plan, 2009 + Ongoing
AJ Retrofit Awards – International Innovation, 2015
60 Atlantic Avenue, 2014
Architectural Record – Good Design is Good Business, 2016
60 Atlantic Avenue, 2014
Toronto Urban Design Awards – Award of Excellence (Private Buildings in Context, Low-Scale Category), 2015
60 Atlantic Avenue, 2014
Toronto Urban Design Awards – Award of Merit, 2017
619 Queen Street West, 2016
Toronto Urban Design Awards – Award of Merit, 2019
Duke Condos 2803 Dundas Street West, 2017
Wood Design and Building Awards – Citation Award, 2019
80 Atlantic Avenue, 2020
Wood Works! Ontario Awards – Mass Timber Wood Design Award, 2019
80 Atlantic Avenue, 2020
References
Architecture firms of Canada
Canadian companies established in 1986
1986 establishments in Ontario
Companies based in Toronto
Design companies established in 1986
Dorangla is a town in the Gurdaspur district, Punjab state of India, near the border with Pakistan. It is about 15 km west from the district Gurdasur. The name dorngla is given to the town on the name of a Muslim leader Daurang Khan in the mugal era.
The town was developed during the empire of Emprur Akbar by Dorang Khan. Before partition with Pakistan this town has a great history of merchandise.
Cities and towns in Gurdaspur district
Kuruch-Karan () is a rural locality (a selo) in Starokuruchevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 42 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Kuruch-Karan is located 20 km southeast of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Bugabashevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
The 2020 Chinese Women's Super League, officially known as the 2020 China Taiping Chinese Football Association Women's Super League () for sponsorship reasons, was the 6th season in its current incarnation, and the 24th total season of the women's association football league in China. The number of the teams was expanded to 10 in this season. All matches were held at Yunnan Haigeng Football Base. The season was split into two stages. The first stage started on 23 August and concluded on 18 September 2020. The second stage started on 27 September and concluded on 11 October 2020.
Clubs
Club changes
Clubs promoted from 2019 Chinese Women's League One
Hebei China Fortune
Shandong Sports Lottery
Zhejiang
Dissolved entries
Dalian
Name changes
Henan Huishang F.F.C. was acquired by men's football club Henan Jianye as their women's football section and changed their name to Henan Jianye W.F.C. in April 2020.
Stadiums and locations
Foreign players
Clubs can register a total of four foreign players (excluding goalkeepers) over the course of the season, but the number of foreign players allowed on each team at any given time is limited to three. A maximum of two foreign players can be fielded at any given time in each match.
Regular season
League table
Results
Positions by round
Results by match played
Championship stage
League table
Results
Positions by round
Results by match played
Relegation stage
League table
Results
Positions by round
Results by match played
Championship playoffs
Third place playoffs
Goalscorers
Top scorers
Source: China Women's Football - 中国女足
Top assists
References
External links
(in Chinese)
2020
2019–20 domestic women's association football leagues
2020–21 domestic women's association football leagues
+
Dorothea ("Dottie") Grater Minskoff (1910–1986) was a lawyer who participated in the Ministries Trial in Nuremberg, Germany. She was born in Pennsylvania and attended the University of Pennsylvania Law School at a time when few women were in law school.
Personal life
Minskoff attended law school in the 1930s at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. She graduated from law school in 1934. Minskoff met her husband, Emanuel E. Minskoff, in law school and both were in the graduating class of 1934. They lived in New York for eight years before moving to Washington, D.C. She had two sister-in-laws and no children. Minskoff lost her husband in 1965 after a long battle with illness.
By 1978, she had moved to Florida where she died in 1986.
Early career
Minskoff could not find a job as a lawyer after graduating from the University of Pennsylvania Law School. Instead, she took a job as a secretary for the American Bankers Association.
Law practice
Minskoff and her husband were recruited to join the prosecution team for the Ministries Trial by their friend, Josiah E. DuBois Jr., who served as the Chief Prosecutor. The Ministries Trial was the largest, longest, and last of the Nuremberg trials where the U.S. Military prosecuted Hitler's government officials for crimes against humanity. She was one of thirty-four prosecution attorneys. She helped prosecute twenty-one Nazi officials. Her job included reviewing trial documents, including secret memos. The trials presented difficult legal questions when there was no precedent for an international criminal trial.
It was not common for women to practice law in the 1940s, let alone practice law on the international stage with a high profile trial. As a result, it was unusual that there were multiple women on the prosecution trial team.
References
1910 births
1986 deaths
20th-century American women lawyers
20th-century American lawyers
University of Pennsylvania Law School alumni
This article lists all the confirmed national football squads for the 1987 European Competition for Women's Football.
Players marked (c) were named as captain for their national squad.
Head coach: Martin Reagan
Head coach: Ettore Recagni
Head coach: Erling Hokstad
Head coach: Ulf Lyfors
Source: Swedish Football Association
References
External links
1987 – Match Details at RSSSF.com
UEFA Women's Championship squads
Squads
United Nations Security Council resolution 685, adopted unanimously on 31 January 1991, after recalling resolutions 598 (1987), 618 (1988), 631 (1989), 642 (1989), 651 (1990), 671 (1990) and 676 (1990), and having considered a report by the Secretary-General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar on the United Nations Iran–Iraq Military Observer Group, the Council decided:
(a) to renew the mandate of the United Nations Iran–Iraq Military Observer Group for one more month until 28 February 1991;
(b) to request the Secretary-General, after discussions with both parties, to report on the future of the Observer Group with his recommendations during February 1991.
See also
Iran–Iraq relations
Iran–Iraq War
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0685
0685
1991 in Iran
1991 in Iraq
January 1991 events
The Indonesia Open () in an annual badminton tournament organized by the Badminton Association of Indonesia (PBSI) since 1982. It became part of the BWF Super Series tournament in 2007 and got the Super Series Premier status in 2011. Following the restructurisation to BWF World Tour, since 2018 it became one of only three tournaments to be granted Super 1000 level.
Host cities
Below is the nine cities that have hosted the tournament. The tournament's current host city is Jakarta.
1982–1988, 1993, 1995, 1998, 2000–2001, 2004–2019, 2022: Jakarta
1989: Pontianak
1990: Samarinda
1991: Bandung
1992: Semarang
1994: Yogyakarta
1996: Medan
1997: Surakarta
1999: Denpasar
2002: Surabaya
2003: Batam
2021: Badung Regency
Sponsorships
Pelita Jaya (1987–1988)
Pelita Khatulistiwa (1989)
Pelita Mahakam (1990)
Indocement Pelita Parahyangan (1991)
555 (1992)
Indomie (1993)
RCTI (1994)
Sony (1995–1996)
Sanyo (Sanyo Indonesia Open, 1998–2003)
Djarum (Djarum Indonesia Open, 2004–2013)
BCA (BCA Indonesia Open, 2014–2017)
Blibli (Blibli Indonesia Open, 2018–2019)
SimInvest (SimInvest Indonesia Open, 2021)
East Ventures (East Ventures Indonesia Open, 2022)
Past winners
Multiple winners
Below is the list of the most successful players in the Indonesia Open:
– Tony Gunawan won one title representing Indonesia and one with the United States
Performances by nation
See also
Indonesia Masters
Indonesia Masters Super 100
Indonesia International
References
External links
BWF: Indonesia Open Past Champions
Smash: Indonesian Open
Badminton tournaments in Indonesia
Annual sporting events in Indonesia
1982 establishments in Indonesia
Recurring sporting events established in 1982
Francis Fane of Fulbeck has been used to identify these men:
Sir Francis Fane (Royalist) (c. 1611–1681?), was the third, but second surviving, son of Francis Fane, 1st Earl of Westmorland
Sir Francis Fane (dramatist) (d. 1689?), was the son of Frances Fulbeck (royalist) and grandson of Francis Fane, 1st Earl of Westmorland.
Aleksandar Jovanović (, ; born 6 December 1992) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Apollon Limassol.
Club career
Rad
Born in Niš, Jovanović started his professional career as a member of Rad, where he spent time from 2009 to 2014. In the meantime he was loaned to Palilulac Beograd and Palić. He made his SuperLiga debut under coach Marko Nikolić, in a match against Red Star Belgrade, played on 3 March 2013, when Filip Kljajić got the red card, and Jovanović was substituted in from the bench. After the 2013–14 season he spent as a reserve for Filip Kljajić and Branislav Danilović, Jovanović started 2014–15 as the first choice of coach Milan Milanović, but after several games and some bad reactions he fell into the background and left the club during the winter break off-season.
Radnički Niš
After a short episode with Donji Srem, Jovanović returned in Radnički Niš in summer 2015 to be a successor of Milan Borjan in front of goal. He signed two-year contract with the club where he passed his youth career. After just 8 conceded goals on 18 matches, Partizan has expressed interest in him.
AGF
In summer 2016, Jovanović moved to Denmark and signed four-year contract with AGF. He made his official debut for new club in the 1 fixture of the 2016–17 Danish Superliga season against SønderjyskE, played on 17 July 2016. After one collision with teammate Dino Mikanović during the 4th fixture match same season, against Esbjerg, Jovanović got a head injury and was substituted out. In May 2017, Jovanović made a record, playing without conceded goal for 423 minutes in the Danish Superliga.
Huesca
On 28 August 2018, it was announced Jovanović signed a three-year contract with La Liga club SD Huesca. On 15 September 2020, he terminated his contract with the club.
Return to AGF (loan)
On the last day of the 2019 summer transfer market, Jovanović returned to AGF on a loan deal for the rest of 2019 season.
Deportivo La Coruña (loan)
On 31 January 2020, Jovanović moved to fellow Segunda División side Deportivo de La Coruña on loan until June.
International career
Jovanović got his first call up to the senior Serbia squad for a friendly match against Russia on 5 June 2016. In May 2018, he was named in Serbia's preliminary squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
Career statistics
Club
International
References
External links
Aleksandar Jovanović stats at utakmica.rs
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Niš
Serbian footballers
Serbia youth international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
FK Palilulac Beograd players
FK Palić players
FK Rad players
FK Donji Srem players
FK Radnički Niš players
Serbian SuperLiga players
SD Huesca footballers
Aarhus Gymnastikforening players
Deportivo de La Coruña players
Danish Superliga players
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Serbia international footballers
The Campus Flirt (a.k.a. The College Flirt) is a lost 1926 American silent comedy film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Clarence Badger and starred Bebe Daniels. Comedian El Brendel makes his film debut here.
Cast
Bebe Daniels as Patricia Mansfield
James Hall as Denis Adams
El Brendel as Knute Knudson
Charles Paddock as Himself
Joan Standing as Harriet Porter
Gilbert Roland as Graham Stearns
Irma Komelia as Mae
Jocelyn Lee as Gwen
References
External links
Lobby poster
Alternative advertisement with The College Flirt title
Still at gettyimages.com
1926 films
American silent feature films
Films directed by Clarence G. Badger
Famous Players-Lasky films
Paramount Pictures films
1926 comedy films
Silent American comedy films
American black-and-white films
Lost American films
1926 lost films
Lost comedy films
1920s American films
Cyril J. Knowles (1905–1961) was a British cinematographer. His credits include The Day Will Dawn (1942), Sodom and Gomorrah (1963), the location photography on Caravan (1946), and the African exterior shots on King Solomon's Mines (1937).
Selected filmography
Illegal (1932)
External links
1905 births
1961 deaths
British cinematographers
Sung Min may refer to:
Seong-min, Korean given name
Sung Min (swimmer)
Mount Auxentius (also known as Mount St. Auxentius, Mount Auxentios, or Mount Scopas), today known as Kayış Dağı in Turkish, is a mountain located in the eastern outskirts of Istanbul, Turkey, in Kayışdağı neighborhood. Its summit is 428 metres above sea level. The mountain is named after Auxentius of Bithynia.
The mountain was home to Christian monks and ascetics during the Byzantine period. Byzantine Christian monks who lived on the mountain included Saint Stephen the New ( 713–764) and Saint Macarius of Mount Auxentius (died 768).
References
Byzantine Anatolia
Eastern Orthodox monasteries in Asia
Geography of the Byzantine Empire
Mountains of Turkey
Geography of Istanbul
Auxentius
Geography of Bithynia
The 1949–50 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 11th season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight team participated in the league, and Gamlebyen won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Norra
GET-ligaen seasons
1949–50 in Norwegian ice hockey
Daniel McLaren (1870–unknown) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke.
Career
McLaren was born in Lochee and played football with the local side before moving south to Royal Arsenal in 1891. He joined Stoke in 1892–93 and played mainly for the reserve side in The Combination. McLaren made one appearance in the Football League which came in a 3–2 defeat at Burnley on 24 September 1892, taking the place of the injured Wilmot Turner.
Career statistics
References
1870 births
Scottish footballers
Stoke City F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football forwards
Year of death missing
Kalanchoe marmorata, the penwiper, is a species of flowering plant in the family Crassulaceae, native to Central and West Africa, from Zaire to Ethiopia, Sudan and Somalia. It is an erect or decumbent succulent perennial growing to tall and wide, with glaucous leaves spotted with purple, and starry white, four-petalled flowers, sometimes tinged with pink, in spring. As the minimum temperature for cultivation is , in temperate regions it is grown under glass as a houseplant.
The Latin specific epithet marmorata refers to the marbled surface of the leaves.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
References
marmorata
Taxa named by John Gilbert Baker
The Eigerjoch is a high Alpine pass lying between the Mönch (south) and the Eiger (north). The lowest point (3,605 m) on the ridge is named Nördliches Eigerjoch while another pass (3,747 m) located closer to the Mönch is named Südliches Eigerjoch.
The Eiger does not lie in the ridge of the Bernese Alps which divides the basins of the Rhone and the Aar, but forms a promontory extending north-east from the Mönch, and is connected with it by a long and high arête, in which jagged teeth of rock project through a coating of ice. At the southern end, where this arete abuts against the shoulder of the Mönch, it overlooks the gently-sloping plateau which forms the summit of the Mönchsjoch, and the descent on the side of the Aletsch Glacier presents no serious difficulty.
First crossing
The first crossing was made by Leslie Stephen and W. and G. S. Mathews, with Ulrich Lauener of Lauterbrunnen and J. B. Croz and M. Charlet of Chamonix.
In August 1859, the three enterprising mountaineers above named, failing to perceive any route by which the Jungfraujoch could be attacked with a fair prospect of success, resolved to attempt to pass from the Wengern Alp by the north and east sides of the peak of the Mönch. Starting at 4 a.m. they soon reached the Eiger Glacier, and ascended for some distance along the side nearest to the Eiger. On reaching the very much crevassed middle region of the glacier, some time was lost in the endeavour to force a direct way. The correct course was to cross to the southern bank below the rocks of the Mönch. After a short ascent the form of the crevasses made it expedient to cross back to the opposite side, nearly to the edge of the glacier, here held up by the great rocky buttress of the Eiger, so remarkable from the Wengern Alp. Further progress seemed to be barred by the menacing condition of the seracs; but the difficulties could be avoided by crossing the glacier diagonally a third time to a sort of snow valley, where the crevasses were apparently filled up by avalanches from the Mönch. By this circuitous but not very difficult route the party reached the uppermost plateau of the glacier, lying immediately below the ridge connecting the two peaks. On the side nearest the Monch the ridge was accessible only by extremely long and steep slopes of hard snow. At the end approaching the Eiger the ridge is far easier of access, and this therefore was the first object of attack. On gaining the summit the travellers found themselves at the top of a tremendous precipice overlooking one arm of the Lower Grindelwald Glacier, while the arête to the right connecting them with the Mönch was broken through by so many jagged teeth of rock, and at the same time so narrow and difficult, that many hours would probably have been consumed in passing along it. It was therefore thought expedient to return, and to attempt the ascent by the ice-slope, as it should be called since the névé is so hard and slippery as to make stepcutting very laborious. Ulrich Lauener on that occasion displayed extraordinary strength and endurance, having in 5 hours of uninterrupted work cut 580 steps on an ice slope of from 50 to 52° inclination. That effort sufficed only to enable the party to gain a patch of rock some way below the summit of the ridge, and more than an hour more was expended in reaching the desired goal. Turning to the right along the arête, they finally reached at 6 p.m. the point on the shoulder of the Mönch which forms the summit level of this pass, which was probably the Südliches Eigerjoch.
In descending to the Aletsch Glacier the discoverers of this pass were benighted before they could reach the comparative shelter of the Kaulberg cave, and were forced to pass the night on some exposed rocks at the southern base of the Trugberg, where their position in case of bad weather would have been very critical. The Eggishorn was reached on the following morning about 9 a.m. in about 29 hours trom the Wengern Alp.
See also
List of mountain passes in Switzerland
References
Swisstopo map
Mountain passes of the Alps
Mountain passes of Switzerland
Dan Simonescu (born Dan Simon; December 11, 1902–March 10, 1993) was a Romanian bibliographer and literary historian.
Born in Câmpulung, his parents were the civil servant Ion Simon and his wife Ecaterina (née Slăvescu). After completing Ion Brătianu High School in Pitești in 1921, Simonescu enrolled in the University of Bucharest. He graduated in 1925, earning a doctorate of letters in 1938. He attended specialized courses at Athens (1934) and Paris (1937 and 1939).
Simonescu became a substitute high school teacher in 1925, holding a permanent position in 1929-1931. From 1935 to 1940, he taught at a pedagogical high school in Bucharest. He worked as a teaching assistant at Bucharest's Faculty of Letters and Philosophy (substitute, 1927; provisional, 1931; permanent, 1938). He was substitute professor at the Higher School of Archives and Paleography (1939-1941; 1942-1943) and substitute professor at the Letters and Philosophy Faculty of Iași University (1941-1942). In 1931, he became a librarian at the Romanian Academy library. He was chief scientific researcher at the Nicolae Iorga Historical Institute from 1952, professor at the Bucharest Pedagogical Institute from 1963 and then at the university, from 1969 until retiring in 1972. He was elected an honorary member of the Academy in 1992.
His first published volume was Încercări istorico-literare (1926). Other books included Viața literară și culturală a Mănăstirii Câmpulung (Muscel) în trecut (1926), Istorie literară în recenzii (1936), Romanul popular în literatura română medievală (1965), Teoria bibliografiei (1976) and Contribuții: literatura română medievală (1984). He scrupulously researched old Romanian literature in its cultural context, also making important contributions regarding 19th-century writers, particularly Mihail Kogălniceanu, whose works he edited.
Notes
1902 births
1993 deaths
People from Câmpulung
University of Bucharest alumni
University of Bucharest faculty
Alexandru Ioan Cuza University faculty
Romanian literary historians
Romanian bibliographers
Romanian librarians
Romanian schoolteachers
Honorary members of the Romanian Academy
Bernard H. Rogers, known as B. H. "Johnny" Rogers (October 5, 1905 – April 23, 1977), was a Louisiana politician who served in the Louisiana House of Representatives and the Louisiana State Senate.
References
1905 births
1977 deaths
People from DeSoto Parish, Louisiana
Members of the Louisiana House of Representatives
Louisiana state senators
Louisiana city council members
Louisiana Democrats
Columbia University alumni
Louisiana State University faculty
Businesspeople from Louisiana
Farmers from Louisiana
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army colonels
Square dance
Burials in Louisiana
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American politicians
VOR or vor may refer to:
Organizations
Vale of Rheidol Railway in Wales
Voice of Russia, a radio broadcaster
Volvo Ocean Race, a yacht race
Science, technology and medicine
VHF omnidirectional range, a radio navigation aid used in aviation
Vestibulo-ocular reflex, a reflex eye movement
Voice-operated recording, see Voice-operated switch
Visual Operating Rules, another term for visual flight rules in aviation
Video operation room, part of the set-up for the video assistant referee in association football
Entertainment
Vor of Barrayar, the noble families of Barrayar in the science fiction Vorkosigan Saga
Vor (Star Wars), a race in the Star Wars universe
VOR, a 1958 science fiction novel by James Blish
Vor Daj, protagonist of the 1940 novel Synthetic Men of Mars by Edgar Rice Burroughs
Russian title of the 1997 film The Thief
VOR: The Maelstrom, a science fiction miniature wargame
VOR, a search engine and media company in the Doctor Who is a episode "Spyfall"
Other uses
The goddess Vör in Norse mythology
vor, ISO 639-3 code for the Voro language of Nigeria
Version of record, a fixed copyedited, typeset and formatted manuscript
See also
Vor v zakone, or thief in law, a rank in the Russian Mafia
Volutomitra banksi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutomitridae, the mitres.
References
Further reading
Powell A W B, New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Volutomitridae
Gastropods of New Zealand
Gastropods described in 1951
This article includes information translated from the Wikipedia article Château des ducs de Bretagne
The Château des ducs de Bretagne () is a large castle located in the city of Nantes in the Loire-Atlantique département of France; it served as the centre of the historical province of Brittany until its separation in 1956. It is located on the right bank of the Loire, which formerly fed its ditches. It was the residence of the Dukes of Brittany between the 13th and 16th centuries, subsequently becoming the Breton residence of the French Monarchy.
The castle has been listed as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture since 1840. Today the castle houses the Nantes History Museum.
Restoration
Starting in the 1990s, the town of Nantes undertook a massive programme of restoration and repairs to return the site to its former glory as an emblem of the history of Nantes and Brittany. Following 15 years of works and three years of closure to the public, it was reopened on 9 February 2007 and is now a popular tourist attraction.
The restored edifice now includes the new Nantes History Museum, installed in 32 of the castle rooms. The museum presents more than 850 objects of collection with the aid of multimedia devices. The castle and the museum try to offer a modern vision of the heritage by presenting the past, the present and the future of the city. Night-time illuminations at the castle further reinforce the revival of the site.
The 500-metre round walk on the fortified ramparts provides views not just of the castle buildings and courtyards but also of the town.
Seven sequences of the museum
The Castle, Nantes and Brittany back to the 17th century,
Nantes, daughter of the river and the ocean,
Commerce and the black gold in the 18th century,
Nantes in Revolution,
A colonial and industrial port (1815–1940),
A new city takes shape (1940–1990),
A great Atlantic city, today and tomorrow.
The exhibition ends with a vision of the city, a multimedia creation by a contemporary artist, occupying the entire area of the 32nd room.
Pierrick Sorin is the first guest artist.
The illuminated castle
The night-lighting brings out the architectural complexity of the site within an urban context. The illumination was designed by Sylvie Sieg and Pierre Nègre of the Atelier Lumière and won the Light Originator Price of the Lumiville Trophy 2007.
Nantes History Museum in 2020
On 12 October, after being asked by the Chinese regime not to use the words “Genghis Khan” and “Mongolia", Nantes History Museum stopped an exhibition project dedicated to the history of Genghis Khan and the Mongol Empire in partnership with a Chinese museum”. The director of the Nantes museum, Bertrand Guillet, says: “We made the decision to stop this production in the name of the human, scientific and ethical values that we defend in our institution”.
See also
List of castles in France
References
External links
Official website
Nantes Metropole Tourism Office
visite virtuelle 360 photo panoramique
castle pictures gallery
Bibliography
Le château des ducs, Nantes et la Bretagne, Guy SAUPIN, 2010.
Gallery
Castles in Brittany
Castles in Pays de la Loire
Buildings and structures in Nantes
Châteaux in Loire-Atlantique
Museums in Nantes
History of Brittany
Monuments historiques of Pays de la Loire
Squash venues
MCAS Vieques Airport was a Marine Corps Air Station (MCAS) at MCB Camp Garcia on the island-municipality of Vieques in Puerto Rico. It was built in 1960 by USMC engineers and consisted of a single 5,000 ft east–west runway. It was used to fly in troops, equipment and supplies to support amphibious landing training missions.
MCB Camp Garcia was a U.S. Marine Corps base, Camp Garcia Gate.
The base was used for amphibious landing training purposes. Camp Garcia hosted the Atlantic Fleet's Composite Training Unit Exercises and served as the premiere training area for the Atlantic Fleet for more than 60 years.
It also housed a MARS (Military Auxiliary Radio System) radio relay station.
Camp Garcia was named after Marine Corps Private 1st Class Fernando Garcia, a Medal of Honor recipient during the Korean War and a native of Puerto Rico. It was located on the island of Vieques (part of the Puerto Rico Commonwealth). The base closed in 2003.
References
External links
Leatherneck Forum entries
Profile at Togetherserved
Vieques, Puerto Rico
Airports in Puerto Rico
Defunct airports in Puerto Rico
was once considered to be the first professional Japanese animated film ever made. It was made by Ōten Shimokawa in 1917 to be shown in a cinema, in this case, in the Asakusa Kinema Kurabu, a theater in Tokyo managed directly by the film company Tenkatsu. It was preceded by Shimokawa's early work, and Otogawa Shinzo Gate of the Entrance from January 1917.
Production
In 1916, Tenkatsu, or Tennenshoku Katsudō Shashin Kabushiki Gaisha ("Natural Color Moving Picture Company"), began experimenting with animation with the manga artist Hekoten/Oten Shimokawa. Shimokawa produced the animation by drawing with a chalk on a blackboard, redrawing as necessary to create the animation effect. Mukuzo Imokawa was a manga character that Shimokawa used in his manga.
See also
List of lost films
References
External links
1917 films
1917 animated films
1910s animated short films
1910s anime films
Anime short films
Lost animated films
Japanese silent films
Lost Japanese films
Japanese black-and-white films
1917 lost films
1917 short films
Annalisa Vincent is a Guyanese footballer who plays as a forward for Silver Sands and the Guyana women's national team.
Vincent became the first Indigenous Guyanese women land an athletic scholarship at an American university.
Club career
Vincent has played for Silver Sands in Guyana.
International career
Vincent capped for Guyana at senior level during the 2018 CFU Women's Challenge Series.
International goals
Scores and results list Guyana goal tally first
See also
List of Guyana women's international footballers
References
Living people
Guyanese women's footballers
Women's association football forwards
Guyana women's international footballers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Kemayan is a small town in Bera District, Pahang, Malaysia.
Demographics
Most residents are Chinese.
Gallery
References
Bera District
Towns in Pahang
Austin Allen (born November 10, 1998) is an American football tight end for the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Nebraska.
Early years
Allen grew up in Phillips, Nebraska and attended Aurora High School, where he played football and basketball. As a junior, he caught 41 passes for 507 yards and eight touchdowns. Allen committed to play college football at Nebraska over offers from Iowa, Iowa State, UCLA, and UCF.
College career
Allen redshirted his true freshman season. As a redshirt freshman he caught two passes for 54 yards. Allen played in all 12 of Nebraska's games and had seven receptions for 83 yards during his redshirt sophomore season. He started seven games as a redshirt junior and caught 18 passes for 236 yards and one touchdown. In his redshirt senior season Allen set school records for tight ends with 38 receptions and 602 receiving yards and scored three touchdowns. He was named first-team All-Big Ten Conference and the Kwalick–Clark Tight End of the Year at the end of the season.
Professional career
Allen was signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent on April 30, 2022, shortly after the conclusion of the 2022 NFL Draft. He was waived on August 30, 2022 and signed to the practice squad the next day.
References
External links
New York Giants bio
Nebraska Cornhuskers bio
1998 births
Living people
People from Aurora, Nebraska
Players of American football from Nebraska
American football tight ends
Nebraska Cornhuskers football players
New York Giants players
Christ Church in Armley, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England is an active Anglican parish church in the archdeaconry of Leeds and the Diocese of Leeds. The church is one of two Churches of England churches in Armley; the other being the larger St. Batholomew's Church. It is a Grade II listed building.
History
The church broke ground in 1869 before being completed in 1872, having been built to a design by architect Richard L. Adams. The church was listed in 1976 and modernised internally in 1984. In 1986 the church was included in the BBC's Domesday Project having its particulars recorded for posterity. The question of the future viability of the church was recorded in the project.
Location
The church is located in Upper Armley on the junctions of Theaker Lane, Moorfield Road and Armley Ridge Road. It is the closest of the Anglican churches to the centre of Armley.
Architectural style
The church is built of coursed square gritstone and has a pitched slate roof. The church is built to a Gothic Revival style. The church has a tall imposing nave with tripartite clerestory windows.
See also
List of places of worship in the City of Leeds
Listed buildings in Leeds (Armley Ward)
References
External links
Christ Church, Armley
Churches in Leeds
Grade II listed churches in Leeds
Anglican Diocese of Leeds
Church of England church buildings in West Yorkshire
Grade II listed churches in West Yorkshire
19th-century Church of England church buildings
Christ Church
Gothic Revival architecture in Leeds
Huangchu was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Huangchu (黃初, 220–226), era name used by Cao Pi, emperor of Cao Wei
Huangchu (皇初, 394–399), era name used by Yao Xing, emperor of Later Qin
The Château de Sagonne is a castle in the commune of Sagonne in the Cher département of France.
History
The castle was the fortress of the Sancerre family, who had held the seigneurie from the 10th century. It was built during the 14th century to control the road between Bourges and Sancoins. The estate was bought by the Babou family in 1546; during the rest of the 16th century they made significant alterations. The castle was acquired by the noted Baroque architect, Jules Hardouin Mansart, in 1699 and he made important alterations in the early 18th century. The castle was broken up during the French Revolution and its contents and materials sold.
The enceinte originally comprised eight towers and two gateways. Wanting a more panoramic view, Mansart demolished the curtain walls on the east and created gardens. The west and north sides of the enceinte still exist. Also still visible are the pillars supporting the base of the bartizans (watch towers), parts of the portcullis in its housing and door panels from the 16th century. Under the Gothic arch vault can be seen the start of the staircase leading to the upper floors. Four towers remain. The facade looking onto the courtyard dates from the 15th century and has moulded windows as well as the openings made in the 18th century at the end of the building. Most of the doors still have their original decorative moulding. All of the buildings were covered with plafonds à la française (French-style ceilings: joists the same width as the spaces between them; see Plafond à la française in French Wikipedia).
It has been listed since 1914 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture. The castle is privately owned and is open to the public from June to September. Visitors may see frescoes from the 17th century, furnished rooms, weapons and portraits, and the Mansart Museum.
Gallery
See also
List of castles in France
References
External links
Official web site
Castles in Centre-Val de Loire
Monuments historiques of Centre-Val de Loire
Cher (department)
Water castles in France
was a daimyō during the Edo period of Japan. He was the sixth son of Tokugawa Ieyasu. He was born in Edo Castle during the year of the dragon (tatsu), and as a child his name was Tatsuchiyo (辰千代). His mother was , a concubine of Ieyasu. Ieyasu sent the boy to live with a vassal, Minagawa Hiroteru, daimyō of the Minagawa Domain in Shimotsuke Province.
Biography
In 1599, Ieyasu granted him a fief in Musashi Province, and increased his holdings in 1602 and 1603 with transfers first to Shimōsa and then to Shinano Provinces. Tadateru married Irohahime, the first daughter of Date Masamune, in 1606. In 1610, Tadateru became daimyo of Takada in Echigo Province. He had interests in martial arts, tea, and foreign intercourse. It is said that he was baptized a Christian.
Ieyasu regarded Masamune as a dangerous being. Therefore, Tadateru was treated coldly by the shogunate. He was assigned to remain in Edo during the Winter Campaign of the Siege of Osaka (1614). He participated in the Summer Campaign (1615), but due to his insubordination during the latter stages of the campaign (perceived not only as defiance of his older brother, the then shōgun Tokugawa Hidetada, but also of their father Ieyasu), he was relieved of command and exiled to Ise, then Hida, and finally Shinano Province, where he remained until his death.
Tadateru was posthumously pardoned in 1984 by Tokugawa Tsunenari, the head of the former shogunal house.
In popular culture
A 1987 television show Dokuganryū Masamune starring Hiroyuki Sanada dramatized the life of Matsudaira Tadateru.
Shinichi Chiba played Matsudaira Tadateru in the 1992 TV series Tokugawa Buraichō (徳川無頼帳).
Family
Father: Tokugawa Ieyasu
Mother: Lady Chaa
Adopted Father: Matsudaira Yasutada (1546–1618)
Wife: Irohahime
Concubine: Otake no Kata
Children:
Tokumatsu (1614-1632) by Otake
Gotakehime (1615-1621) by Otake
References
External links
Matsudaira Tadateru Suwa City Web site (in Japanese)
|-
|-
|-
1592 births
1683 deaths
Daimyo
Nagasawa-Matsudaira clan
Tokugawa clan
A flight engineer (FE), also sometimes called an air engineer, is the member of an aircraft's flight crew who monitors and operates its complex aircraft systems. In the early era of aviation, the position was sometimes referred to as the "air mechanic". Flight engineers can still be found on some larger fixed-wing airplanes and helicopters. A similar crew position exists on some spacecraft. In most modern aircraft, their complex systems are both monitored and adjusted by electronic microprocessors and computers, resulting in the elimination of the flight engineer's position.
In earlier days, most larger aircraft were designed and built with a flight engineer's position. For U.S. civilian aircraft that require a flight engineer as part of the crew, the FE must possess an FAA Flight Engineer Certificate with reciprocating, turboprop, or turbojet ratings appropriate to the aircraft. Whereas the four-engine Douglas DC-4 did not require an FE, the FAA type certificates of subsequent four-engine reciprocating engine airplanes (Boeing 307 and 377, DC-6, DC-7, Constellation, ) and early three- and four-engine jets (Boeing 707, 727, early 747, DC-8, DC-10, L-1011) required flight engineers. Smaller twinjets (DC-9, 737) were never complex enough to require a flight engineer, while later large two, three, and four-engine jets (Airbus A300, MD-11, 747-400, and later) were designed with sufficient automation to eliminate the position.
History
In order to dedicate a person to monitor an aircraft's engines and its other critical flight systems, the position of "flight engineer" (FE) was created. The FE did not actually fly the airplane; instead, the FE's position had a specialized control panel allowing for the monitoring and control of various aircraft systems. The FE is therefore an integrated member of the flight deck crew who works in close coordination with the two pilots during all phases of flight.
Traditionally, the FE station has been usually placed on the main flight deck just aft of the pilot and copilot, and close to the navigator. Earlier referred to as a "flight mechanic" on the four-engine commercial seaplanes like the Sikorsky S-42, Martin M-130 and the Boeing 314 Clipper, the FE's role was referred to as an "engineer" (much like a ship's engineer) on the first very large flying boat, the Dornier Do X. On the Do X the FE operated a large and complex engineering station similar to later large transport aircraft to monitor the twelve engines.
The first US military aircraft to include a FE was the Consolidated PBY which was introduced into naval service in 1936. The FE panel was located in the pylon between the fuselage and the wing. The FE did not have ignition, throttle and propeller controls, thus a person in the cockpit was also required to start the engines.
During the war the Avro Lancaster and Handley Page Halifax bombers employed FEs, as these large aircraft employed only a single pilot. The first Allied military operation during the Second World War involving FEs occurred in February 1941 with a Short Stirling; it was the first four-engined bomber-raid of the war by the RAF.
Duties
The flight engineer ("air engineer" in the Royal Air Force) is primarily concerned with the operation and monitoring of all aircraft systems, and is required to diagnose, and where possible rectify or eliminate, any faults that may arise. On most multi-engine airplanes, the FE sets and adjusts engine power during takeoff, climb, cruise, go-arounds, or at any time the pilot flying requests a specific power setting to be set during the approach phase. The FE sets and monitors major systems, including fuel, pressurization and air conditioning, hydraulic, electrics (engine driven generators, auxiliary power units), gas turbine compressor/air turbine motor (APU, GTC, ATM), ice and rain protection (engine and nacelle anti-ice, window heat, probe heater), oxygen, fire and overheat protection of all systems, liquid cooling system, draw through cooling system, forced air cooling system, and powered flying controls.
FEs are also responsible for preflight and postflight aircraft inspections, and ensuring that the weight and balance of the aircraft is correctly calculated to ensure the centre of gravity is within limits. On airplanes where the FE's station is located on the same flight deck just aft of the two pilots (all western three- and four-man deck airplanes), they also monitor an aircraft's flight path, speed, and altitude. A significant portion of their time is spent cross-checking pilot selections. The FE is the systems expert of the airplane with an extensive mechanical and technical knowledge of aircraft systems and aircraft performance. On some military airplanes (Lockheed C-5 Galaxy, Boeing E-3 Sentry, McDonnell Douglas KC-10) the FE sits behind the co-pilot in the cockpit, facing outboard to operate a panel of switches, gauges and indicators or forward to operate throttles, lighting controls, flight controls. On the Tupolev Tu-134 the FE sits in the nose of the aircraft. On other western military airplanes, such as on the Lockheed P-3 Orion and Lockheed C-130H Hercules, FEs sit between, slightly aft of (and, in the case of the C-130A-H models, slightly higher than) the pilots. On the P-3 Orion, E-6B Mercury and E-3 Sentry the FE is responsible for starting and shutting down engines at the start and end of each flight, and also during in-flight shutdowns which are carried out to save fuel on long range operations. In some militaries, the aircraft's FE is also authorised to make and certify repairs to the aircraft when it is away from its base. This can eliminate the need for technical repair crews to accompany the aircraft on short deployments.
On civilian airplanes the FE is positioned so that they can monitor the forward instruments, pilot selections and adjust the thrust levers located on the centre pedestal; the FE's chair can travel forward and aft and it can swivel laterally 90 degrees, which enables them to face forward and set the engine power, then move aft and rotate sideways to monitor and set the systems panel. The FE is the aircraft systems expert onboard and responsible for troubleshooting and suggesting solutions to in-flight emergencies and abnormal technical conditions, as well as computing takeoff and landing data. The FE's seat on modern aircraft has a complete range of motion (side to side, forward to aft, swivel, up and down) to accommodate the many positions required to monitor and operate the aircraft systems.
The basic philosophy of a three-person flight deck in many flight operations, should an abnormality or emergency arise, is for the captain to hand over the actual flying of the aircraft to the first officer (co-pilot). The captain and FE together review and carry out the necessary actions required to contain and rectify the problem. This spreads the workload and ensures a system of cross-checking which maximizes safety. The captain is the manager and decision maker (pilot not flying, PNF), the first officer, or co-pilot, is the actual flier of the aircraft (pilot flying, PF), and the FE reads the check-lists and executes actions required under the auspices of the captain. There can be occasions when the roles of the pilots during an emergency are reversed, i.e. the copilot becomes the PNF and the captain becomes the PF; one such example was on the A300 B-Series aircraft when there was a complete loss of generator-supplied electrical power, whereupon the standby instruments that were powered were on the captain's side only, requiring the captain to be PF and the PNF and FE to resolve the issue.
During World War II many U.S. bomber aircraft incorporated a flight engineer's position. However, this position also doubled as a gunner, usually operating the upper turret, as was the case of the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress. On some commercial airliners with a flight engineer, the FE is the third in command, after the captain and first officer.
Regulation
Unlike commercial pilots, the Federal Aviation Administration never set a mandatory retirement age for flight engineers. As a result, some pilots would voluntarily downgrade themselves when turning 60. This policy was the subject of two U.S. Supreme Court cases in 1985, when it ruled against Western Airlines that forced retirement of flight engineers based on the regulations for pilots was a violation of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act. Earlier in the year it had rejected a policy that prevented pilots from "bumping" flight engineers from their positions upon the former reaching retirement age.
Elimination
Starting in the 1980s, the development of powerful and small integrated circuits and other advances in computers and digital technology eliminated the need for flight engineers on airliners and many modern military aircraft.
On two-pilot flight deck airplanes, sensors and computers monitor and adjust systems automatically. There is no onboard technical expert and third pair of eyes. If a malfunction, abnormality or emergency occurs, it is displayed on an electronic display panel. One pilot does the flying while the other pilot starts reading and executing the quick reference handbook (QRH) to resolve the problem. Modern technological advancements in today's aircraft have reduced the dependence upon human control over systems.
The most recent aircraft built with FE stations include military variants of the Boeing 707, such as the E-3 Sentry and E-6 Mercury, both built through 1991, the Tupolev Tu-154, the final example of which was delivered in 2013, and the Scaled Composites Stratolaunch whose sole example first flew in 2019. The last major US passenger airline to fly aircraft equipped with a flight engineer's station was Northwest Airlines, who retired their final 747-200s from charter service in 2009. The final major cargo operator to employ flight engineers was FedEx Express when they retired the last of their 727s in 2013. Though FedEx continues to operate the DC-10 as of 2022, all of which were originally delivered with a flight engineer's station, all examples remaining in the fleet have been converted to MD-10 standard, which provides for a two-crew cockpit.
See also
Flight management system
References
Aviation licenses and certifications
Occupations in aviation
Engineering occupations
The former Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist, built in 1902, is an historic Christian Science church edifice located at 1036 North Van Buren Street in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. In 1980 the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places. On May 17, 1983, Sixth Church was made a locally designated historic site by the city of Milwaukee.
Mary Baker Eddy discovered Christian Science in Massachusetts in 1866 and founded the first church in 1879 in Boston. In 1883 the dentist Dr. Silas Sawyer and his wife Jenny of Milwaukee traveled to Boston to study Eddy's ideas on healing. They began to perform healings back in Milwaukee in January 1884 and began to hold meetings in Sawyer's dental parlor. In October 1884 they organized the Christian Scientists Association of Wisconsin - the second official C.S. association in the world. In 1889 the church in Milwaukee was organized.
In 1902 the association was ready for a new building. They hired architect Elmer Grey, who was then based in Milwaukee, but later moved to California where he designed Christian Science churches in Los Angeles and Long Beach. Grey designed the red brick building trimmed with red sandstone, with a rectangular footprint and a gable roof. Most Christian Science churches at this time were styled Neoclassical, but Grey gave this building some Gothic Revival features (the faint lancet in some arches, the buttresses on the front wall, and the tall chimney) and some Romanesque Revival features (the round arch above the door, the large arch above that, and the asymmetric placement of the chimney). Inside is a nave with side aisles, lit by amber windows in the dormers above. On one side is a reading room with a green-tiled fireplace.
Today the building is occupied by Brew City Church.
See also
Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist (disambiguation)
List of former Christian Science churches, societies and buildings
References
Buildings and structures in Milwaukee
Former Christian Science churches, societies and buildings in Wisconsin
Churches completed in 1902
20th-century Christian Science church buildings
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Wisconsin
Elmer Grey church buildings
Gothic Revival church buildings in Wisconsin
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places in Milwaukee
Anna Eriksdotter Bielke (1490 – 1525) was a Swedish noble, commander of the city and castle of Kalmar during the Swedish rebellion against Denmark.
Biography
Anna was born to the noble councillor of state Erik Turesson (Bielke) and Gunilla Johansdotter Bese; among her siblings were riksråd and governor Axel Eriksson (Bielke), riksråd Ture Eriksson (Bielke) and the infamous Barbro Eriksdotter (Bielke). In 1514 she married the noble and riksråd Johan Månsson (Natt och Dag) (1470–1520), commander and governor of Kalmar 1510–1520.
At the death of her spouse in the middle of the rebellion against Denmark in 1520, she took control of his fiefs and defended Kalmar against Denmark. This was a similar experience as that of her mother, who as a widow defended Vyborg Castle against the Russians.
When her relative Gustav Vasa was released from Danish captivity and returned to Sweden to take part in resistance against Danish rule, he turned to her first for assistance in the struggle. She received him kindly but did not think it possible to give him any help, as the fleet of Søren Norby was threatening the city, and the attitude in the city was pro-Danish. After Vasa's attempts to persuade the people to arm themselves against the Danish were met first by indifference and then by hostility he was forced to leave the city. Shortly thereafter, Anna was obliged to turn over the city to Denmark. The exact date of her surrender is not known, but it was between August and 6 September 1520.
Anna later became engaged to Henrik von Melen, brother of Berend von Melen, the commander of Kalmar in 1523-24 and related to the king by marriage to his cousin Margareta von Melen. Suspected by King Gustav of a conspiracy, he was deprived of his governorship of a military expedition by Anna's brother Nils Eriksson on the order of the king. She discontinued her engagement on the request of King Gustav in 1524 or 1525.
In fiction
Anna Eriksdotter (Bielke) was portrayed in the opera Gustav Vasa by Gustav III of Sweden, which was performed by the Royal Swedish Opera in 1786, with Lovisa Augusti playing Anna.
References
Gustaf Elgenstierna (in Swedish): Den introducerade adelns ättartavlor (Tables of the introduced nobility)
Svensk uppslagsbok. Malmö 1939
Erik Turesson (Bielke), urn:sbl:18162, Svenskt biografiskt lexikon (art av G. Carlsson.), hämtad 2014-07-14
Further reading
Women in 16th-century warfare
Swedish rebels
1490 births
1525 deaths
16th-century Swedish people
Swedish nobility
People of the Swedish War of Liberation
Women in war in Sweden
16th-century Swedish women
15th-century Swedish women
15th-century Swedish people
16th-century rebels
Indiscreet is the debut album from British hard rock band FM. Indiscreet was originally released in 1986 on the Portrait Records label, a sister label of Epic Records. The song "Frozen Heart" became a moderately successful single. The song "That Girl" was covered by Iron Maiden as a B-side to their single "Stranger in a Strange Land" following its inclusion in a live set by The Entire Population of Hackney (featuring Andy Barnett, erstwhile and future FM member and friend of Maiden guitarist Adrian Smith). Written by Merv Goldsworthy, Pete Jupp and Andy Barnett in an early FM line-up, it was one of the demo songs which secured FM their record contract with Portrait/Epic in 1984. By the time Indiscreet was released FM had re-written parts of their song, while Iron Maiden's release three weeks later covered the original arrangement.
Track listing
"That Girl" – 3:55 (M. Goldsworthy/P. Jupp/A. Barnett)
"Other Side of Midnight" – 4:07 (M. Goldsworthy/P. Jupp)
"Love Lies Dying" – 4:46 (M. Goldsworthy/S. Overland/P. Jupp/C. Overland/D. Digital)
"I Belong to the Night" – 4:17 (S. Overland/C. Overland)
"American Girls" – 4:06 (S. Overland/C. Overland)
"Hot Wired" – 4:49 (M. Goldsworthy)
"Face to Face" – 4:37 (S. Overland/C. Overland/P. Jupp)
"Frozen Heart" – 5:07 (M. Goldsworthy/S. Overland/P. Jupp/C. Overland/D. Digital)
"Heart of the Matter" – 4:27 (S. Overland/C. Overland)
2005 remaster bonus tracks
"Captured"
"Alibi"
"Hold On to the Night"
"American Girls (Live)"
"Face to Face (Live)"
"Other Side of Midnight (Live)"
"Say It Like It Is (Live)"
"Dangerous (Live)"
2012 remaster bonus tracks
"Other Side of Midnight (BBC Session)"
"Face to Face (BBC Session)"
"That Girl (BBC Session)"
"Dangerous (BBC Session)"
"Frozen Heart (Live)"
"Frozen Heart (Extended)"
"Captured"
"American Girls (Live)"
"Say It Like It Is (Live)"
"American Girls (Instrumental)"
"Let Love Be the Leader"
"Let Love Be the Leader (Extended)"
"Let Love Be the Leader (Live)"
"Other Side of Midnight (Live)"
"Face to Face (Live)"
"Bad Luck (Extended)"
"Addicted to Love (Live)"
"Hot Legs (Live)"
Personnel
Steve Overland – Lead vocals, guitar
Merv Goldsworthy – Bass, backing vocals
Pete Jupp – Drums, backing vocals
Chris Overland – Lead guitar
Didge Digital – Keyboards
Production
Produced, arranged and engineered by Merv Goldsworthy, Steve Overland, Pete Jupp, Chris Overland, Didge Digital and Dave King.Assisted by Alan Moulder, Pete Woodroffe, George Shilling and Mark Robinson.Recorded at Mediterranean Studios (Ibiza), Comforts Place (Surrey) and Livingston Studios (London).
References
Portrait Records albums
FM (British band) albums
1986 debut albums
Walter Hugh Albaugh (January 2, 1890 – January 21, 1942) was an American lawyer and politician who served two months as a U.S. Representative from Ohio in 1938 and 1939.
Life and career
Born in Phoneton, Ohio, Albaugh attended both the public and high schools of his native city. He worked as a civil engineer where he surveyed fuel lands in Ohio and West Virginia from 1910 until 1911. He went on to graduate from the law department of Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio in 1914, and was admitted to the bar the same year whereupon he commenced practice in Troy, Ohio.
World War I
During the First World War he served in the United States Infantry as a private, unassigned, from May 28, 1918, until December 13, 1918.
Political career
After the war, he went on to serve as a member of the State house of representatives from 1921 until 1925.
Albaugh was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-fifth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Frank L. Kloeb, and only served from November 8, 1938, until January 3, 1939. He was not a candidate for nomination in 1938 to the next full term.
Albaugh subsequently resumed the practice of law in Troy, Ohio.
Death
He died on January 21, 1942, and is interred in Memorial Park Cemetery, Dayton, Ohio.
Sources
1890 births
1942 deaths
People from Miami County, Ohio
United States Army soldiers
Ohio State University Moritz College of Law alumni
United States Army personnel of World War I
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
20th-century American politicians
People from Troy, Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Hussein Taher Al-Sabee () (born 14 November 1979 in Qatif) is a Saudi Arabian long jumper. His personal best is 8.35 metres, achieved in May 2004 in Modesto, California.
Achievements
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Saudi Arabian male long jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Saudi Arabia
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2002 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Asian Games
Goodwill Games medalists in athletics
People from Qatif
Asian Games gold medalists for Saudi Arabia
Asian Games bronze medalists for Saudi Arabia
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Competitors at the 2001 Goodwill Games
Zorzi is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
13–17th century
Bertolome Zorzi (fl. 1266–1273), Venetian nobleman, merchant, and troubadour
Marino Zorzi (1231–1312), 50th doge of the Republic of Venice
Chiara Zorzi or Giorgio, also Clara or Claire (died 1454), was duchess consort of Athens by marriage to Nerio II Acciaioli
Nicholas I Zorzi (or Giorgi) (died 1345), Marquess of Bodonitsa
Jacob Zorzi (also Giacomo Giorgi), the Marquess of Bodonitsa from 1388 to 1410
Nicholas II Zorzi, Margrave of Bodonitsa, from 1410 to 1414
Marino Zorzi (bishop of Brescia) (died 1631), Roman Catholic Bishop of Brescia (1596–1631) and Apostolic Nuncio to Florence
Marino Giovanni Zorzi (died 1678), Roman Catholic Bishop of Brescia
Zorzi Ventura, Italian mannerist painter of the Venetian school, active mainly in Venice, Istria and Dalmatia
20–21st century
Alvise Zorzi (1922–2016), Italian journalist and writer from Venice
Andrea Zorzi (born 1965), former Italian volleyball player who won two World Championships
Angelo Zorzi (1890–1974), Italian gymnast
Bruno Zorzi (born 1937), former Australian rules footballer
Cristian Zorzi (born 1972), Italian cross country skier
Delfo Zorzi, presently known as Roi Hagen, Italian-born Japanese citizen
Giulio Zorzi (born 1989), South African swimmer
Guglielmo Zorzi (1879–1967), Italian screenwriter and film director
Juan Carlos Zorzi (1935–1999), Argentine musician, composer, and orchestra director
Lucia Zorzi (born 1961),Italian television writer, producer and consultant
Mario Zorzi (1910–1944), Italian sports shooter
Renzo Zorzi (1946–2015), Italian racing driver
Sergio Zorzi (born 1964), former Italian rugby union player and currently, coach
Susanna Zorzi (born 1992), Italian racing cyclist
Veronica Zorzi (born 1980), Italian professional golfer
William F. Zorzi, journalist and screenwriter
See also
George (disambiguation)
Giorgi (surname)
Giorgi (disambiguation)
Italian-language surnames
Hugh Howard (1675–1738) was an Irish portrait painter and art collector.
Hugh Howard may also refer to:
Hugh Howard (1731–1799), Irish MP
Hugh Howard (1761–1840), Irish MP
Hugh Howard (historian) (born 1952), American historian
Daklane Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 7 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in Daklane Ward:
Colleges
Mount Olive College
Schools
Charity School
Daklane Government Middle School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 7
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Callum Joshua Davies (born 8 February 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Folkestone Invicta.
Club career
Gillingham
Davies started his career as a trainee with Gillingham, having captained the youth team and made a number of appearances in the reserve team. He made his debut on 13 November 2010, for Gillingham in their 3–1 home defeat to Crewe Alexandra in League Two. Davies was sent-off in the 28th minute after a professional foul on Clayton Donaldson. Gillingham manager, Andy Hessenthaler said he was in tears after being sent-off and stated "It was never a sending off. It was a very harsh decision. I am absolutely devastated for him.
Loan spells
In January 2011, Davies joined Conference South side Lewes on a one-month loan. On 29 January 2011, Davies made his Lewes debut in a 0–0 draw against St Albans City, playing the full 90 minutes. Davies went on to make nine more league appearances before returning to Gillingham.
On 25 October 2011, Davies joined Thurrock on a one-month loan. On the same day, Davies made his Thurrock debut in a 3–0 home defeat to Dartford, in which he played the full 90 minutes.
On 27 March 2014, Davies joined Dover Athletic on loan for the remainder of the 2013/14 campaign. On 5 April 2014, Davies made his Dover Athletic debut in a 2–2 draw with Bishop's Stortford, playing the full 90 minutes. On 21 April 2014, Davies scored his first professional goal in a 1–1 home draw against Whitehawk, in which he claimed the equalizer for Dover Athletic after Jake Robinson put the visitors ahead.
On 27 November 2014, Davies re-joined Dover Athletic on loan until January 2015.
On 15 August 2015, Davies joined National League side Bromley on a one-month loan. On the same day, Davies made his Bromley debut in a 4–1 defeat to Grimsby Town, in which he netted a consolation goal for Bromley.
On 22 September 2015, after struggling to make an impression at Bromley, Davies joined Eastleigh on a one-month loan. On the same day, Davies made his only Eastleigh appearance in a 5–2 defeat to former club Dover Athletic.
Maidstone United
On 23 December 2015, after a five-year senior spell with Gillingham, Davies joined National League South side Maidstone United on an 18-month deal. On 2 January 2016, Davies made his Maidstone United debut in a 2–1 victory over Margate, playing the full 90 minutes. On 27 February 2016, Davies scored his first Maidstone United goal in a 2–1 defeat against Havant & Waterlooville.
On 19 August 2016, Davies joined Folkestone Invicta on a three-month loan, which was then made permanent upon its conclusion.
Folkestone Invicta
Davies has gone on to become Folkestone Invicta captain and is a regular in the side
Career statistics
References
External links
Gillingham profile
1993 births
People from Sittingbourne
Living people
Association football defenders
English footballers
Gillingham F.C. players
Lewes F.C. players
Thurrock F.C. players
Dover Athletic F.C. players
Bromley F.C. players
Eastleigh F.C. players
Maidstone United F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Knud Storgaard Jensen (born 10 August 1972) is a Danish professional golfer.
Storgaard, who holds a master's degree in nuclear physics, first qualified for the European Tour in 1998 having won once on the Challenge Tour the previous year. His first season was unsuccessful, but he again qualified for the 2003 European Tour season; unfortunately at the same time it was discovered that he was suffering from testicular cancer. Because of the cancer, Storgaard didn't participate in the European Tour season, and as a result he got a medical extension for the 2004 European Tour season.
Amateur wins
1993 Danish National Amateur Championship
Professional wins (1)
Challenge Tour wins (1)
Team appearances
Professional
World Cup (representing Denmark): 1997
References
External links
Profile at www.golfonline.dk
Danish male golfers
European Tour golfers
Sportspeople from the Central Denmark Region
People from Skive Municipality
1972 births
Living people
The Christian Game Developers Conference (CGDC) is an annual Conference for video game developers who profess the Christian religion. Attendees of the conference gather together to discuss how to improve their games through discussions, keynote speeches, and workshops.
History
The Christian Game Developers Conference was founded in 2002 by computer engineer Tim Emmerich from Corvallis, Oregon, apparently with the goal of providing greater support and experimentation for Christian video games. In its first year, the conference consisted of 30 attendees, with subsequent years seeing attendances of 90 participants, "over 100" participants, and then 100 participants in the years 2003, 2004, and 2005, respectively. In 2011, the conference hosted around 85 individuals and in 2012, the number of attendees once again exceeded 100 people. In 2011, the event was held at George Fox University, and in 2013 it was hosted at Concordia University in Portland, Oregon.
Those attending the event consist of members from game studios who are explicitly Christian as well as individual developers from more mainstream, secular studios who themselves personally identify as Christian. Many attendees are apparently motivated by the desire to change the wider perception of Christians and especially the negative stigma associated with Christian video games being poorly made. Developers evidently use the event as an opportunity to network with other Christians and to find a community of individuals who share their beliefs and experiences.
Debate over mission
According to sources interviewed from within CGDC, there is a recurring debate at the conference regarding how evangelistic Christian games should be, if at all. Attendees seem to be in disagreement over whether their games should be overt in their Christian subject matter or more allegorical with message they present.
External links
Official event website
References
Video game conferences
Video game development
Trade shows in the United States
Recurring events established in 2002
Christian video games
Imma rugosalis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1859. It is found in Sri Lanka.
The forewings are fuscous, with a darker discal dot at two-thirds. The hindwings are darker fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1859
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Francis Walker (entomologist)
E53 may refer to:
BMW X5 (E53), the basis for the 1999 through 2006 BMW X5 Sports Activity Vehicle
HMS E53, a British E class submarine
European route E53, a road connecting Plzeň, Czech Republic and München, Germany
The Juno Award for Contemporary Indigenous Artist of the Year is an annual Canadian music award, presented by the Juno Awards to honour music created by Indigenous Canadian artists working in contemporary music genres. Announced at the Juno Awards of 2021, it was presented for the first time at the Juno Awards of 2022.
It is presented alongside a new category for Traditional Indigenous Artist of the Year.
Prior to 2022, contemporary and traditional Indigenous artists were honoured alongside each other in a single category for Indigenous Artist or Group of the Year.
Winners and nominees
References
Contemporary Indigenous
First Nations music
Saint Kitts and Nevis Red Cross Society was established in 1942 as a branch of the British Red Cross. It was recognised as a separate national Red Cross Society in 1985.
It has its headquarters in Basseterre.
References
External links
Official Facebook page
Organizations established in 1942
Medical and health organisations based in Saint Kitts and Nevis
Red Cross and Red Crescent national societies
1940s establishments in Saint Kitts and Nevis
1942 establishments in the British Empire
Sir Peter Henry Gross, PC (born 13 February 1952) is a retired judge of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales.
Gross was called to the Bar in 1977 (Gray's Inn). He became a Queen's Counsel in 1992. Gross was appointed a Recorder in 1995 and a Deputy High Court judge in 1999. In 2001, he was appointed to High Court, receiving the customary knighthood, and was assigned to the Queen's Bench Division. He served as presiding judge on the South East Circuit from 2004 to 2004, and headed the Commercial Court from 2009 to 2010. On 9 July 2010, Gross became a Lord Justice of Appeal, and was appointed to the Privy Council in 2011. He became Deputy Senior Presiding Judge on 3 October 2011, and was Senior Presiding Judge for England and Wales from 1 January 2013 to 31 December 2015.
See also
List of Lords Justices of Appeal
References
1952 births
British Queen's Counsel
Living people
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Knights Bachelor
Members of Gray's Inn
Lords Justices of Appeal
University of Cape Town alumni
Alumni of Oriel College, Oxford
South African Rhodes Scholars
Queen's Bench Division judges
Alumni of Herzlia High School
Jaime Bermúdez Merizalde (born c. 1966) is a Colombian lawyer and diplomat who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Colombia from 2008 to 2010.
Career
Jaime Bermúdez graduated from Gimnasio de los Cerros in 1983. He attended University of the Andes, and graduated in Law in 1992. He later obtained a Chevening Scholarship to study for a DPhil degree from St Antony's College, Oxford.
Between 1991 and 1993, Jaime Bermúdez was adviser to the Colombian government's Consejería de Derechos Humanos (Human Rights Committee) and the Minister of Foreign Affairs. Between 1993 and 1994 he was coordinator of the "Good Neighbors Commission". In 1994 he was a UN-appointed observer of the presidential elections in South Africa. In 1996 was a executive director of the Consorcio Iberoamericano de Investigaciones de Mercado, CIMA.
Between 2002 and 2006, Bermúdez was a communications adviser to President Álvaro Uribe whom he met around 1998 while they were both students at Oxford University. He was then named as Colombian ambassador to Argentina, a position that he held from August 26, 2006 to July 9, 2008. President Uribe finally appointed him foreign minister on July 16, 2008, to succeed Fernando Araújo, who had resigned. In this capacity, he called for increased cooperation to combat terrorism and drug trafficking before a summit of the Union of South American Nations (UNASUR) at the end of August 2009.
Publications
As a member of the "Good Neighbors Commission", Bermúdez edited the book Colombia–Venezuela, un nuevo esquema bilateral (Colombia–Venezuela, A New Bilateral Framework). Together with Cynthia Arnson, he collaborated on the report "Los procesos de paz en Colombia: Múltiples negociaciones, múltiples actores" ("The Peace Process in Colombia: Multiple Negotiations, Multiple Actors").
Bermúdez has been a contributor to the Colombian publications Estrategia y Economía and Revista Diners.
References
External links
"Jaime Bermúdez Sería El Nuevo Canciller". El Tiempo. (June 9, 2008)
"Foreign Minister Araújo resigns". Colombia reports. (July 16, 2008)
"Jaime Bermúdez asume este jueves como nuevo Canciller de Colombia" Secretaria de Prensa, Presidencia de la Republica. July 17, 2008
"Un abogado cercano a Uribe" ABC.
Interview for Argentinian TV
Designation ceremony
1966 births
Living people
People from Bogotá
20th-century Colombian lawyers
Foreign ministers of Colombia
Ambassadors of Colombia to Argentina
Alumni of St Antony's College, Oxford
University of Los Andes (Colombia) alumni
The 43rd Venice Biennale, held in 1988, was an exhibition of international contemporary art, with 44 participating nations. The Venice Biennale takes place biennially in Venice, Italy. Prizewinners of the 43rd Biennale included: Jasper Johns (International Prize/Golden Lion), the Italian pavilion ( the best national participation), and Barbara Bloom ( the best young artist).
Awards
International Prize/Golden Lion: Jasper Johns
Golden Lion for best national participation: Italian pavilion
Premio 2000 (young artist): Barbara Bloom
References
Bibliography
Further reading
1988 in art
1988 in Italy
Venice Biennale exhibitions
Ryū Ryū Ko (Chinese: 劉龍公 Okinawan: ルールーコウ fl. 1793 - 1882), also known as Liu Long Gong, was a Chinese martial artist who most likely practiced the Fujian White Crane style of Kung Fu. His most notable students included many of the founders of different Okinawan martial arts which later produced Karate. These students included Higaonna Kanryō who founded Naha-te which became Gōjū-ryū. The kata Sanchin, taught in Gōjū-ryū and many other Naha-te based styles of Karate, was originally taught by Ryū Ryū Ko.
Because most of what is known about Ryū Ryū Ko has been passed down by his students, as an oral history, his exact identity, or even his very existence, has been disputed by critics. The research of Tokashiki Iken indicates that he also went by the name of Xie Zhongxiang (), a man born in Changle, Fujian. Other aliases include Xia YiYi (), in local Fukian Dialect, or Xie RuRu, in modern Mandarin. The names Xie Ru Ru, Ru Ru Ko and Ryū Ryū Ko are considered terms of endearment amongst friends since the suffix ”Ko“ () means "Brother". The Fuzhou Martial Arts Association has published an official statement refuting the results of Tokashiki Iken's research regarding Ryu Ryu Ko.
The research conducted by Filip Konjokrad points toward RyuRyuKo being Liu Long Gong (劉龍公), not Xie Zhongxiang.
Life & career
Liu Long Gong
"Liu Long Gong was a military officer and bodyguard for Chinese Sapposhi. He was also the chief instructor at the Royal Bodyguard School during the Qing dynasty. He was originally from Beijing and later settled in Fuzhou. His house was by a river. At this time it is not known who his instructor was. He had travelled to the Ryukyu islands twice in an official capacity. The first time was in 1838 and the second was 1866. His partner during both visits was Wai Xinxian. They were known as the left and right hands of the Chinese envoy according to Seiko Higa's father. Seiko Higa recalls his father knew them as distinct individuals. This is important to note as some people have also speculated that Wai XinXian was Ryu Ryu Ko."
Xie Zhongxiang
Ryū Ryū Ko had been born into the Fujian aristocratic class, who at that time were the only people permitted to study the martial arts which he studied at the southern Shaolin Temple in the mountains of Fujian Province. Because of internal strife in China the aristocracy was under threat so his family was forced to conceal their identities for their own safety. This led Ryū Ryū Ko to work as a bricklayer and later in life he made a variety of goods such as furniture.
By some accounts Ryū Ryū Ko was one of the first generation masters of Míng hè quán (鳴鶴拳, Whooping Crane Fist), which he either learned from his teacher Kwan Pang Yuiba (who was a student of Fāng Qīniáng, the originator of the first White Crane martial art), or created himself, based on more general White Crane style of his teacher. He had been teaching martial arts at his home to a very small group of students, which included Higaonna Kanryō, who stayed with Ryū Ryū Ko from 1867 to 1881. Ryū Ryū Ko expanded his class to an actual public school in 1883, running it with his assistant, Wai Shinzan (Wai Xinxian).
If Ryū Ryū Ko was indeed Xie Zhongxiang, then it is also possible that he had a son named Xie Tsuxiang. If Ryū Ryū Ko and Xie Zhongxiang were the same person, then his currently living direct descendant is his great-grandson, Xie Wenliang. Historical records provided by the Fuzhou Wushu Association show that Xie Zhong Xiang was not of aristocratic birth and never had to hide his identity. Xie Zhong Xiang worked as an apprentice shoe-maker in Fuzhou until he was 30 when he started his own martial art school, whereas accounts in the Okinawan Ryū Ryū Ko oral tradition stated that he worked as a brick-layer and basket-weaver in his later years.
Karate historians do not agree with the Xie Zhongxiang identification, it has been suggested that Ryū Ryū Ko taught other styles of southern Chinese martial arts, or even that Ryu Ryu Ko was the name of the place, rather than a person.
Karate historians from the Ryūei-ryū and Gōjū-ryū lineage have cited the visit by Miyagi Chojun to Fuzhou to seek Ryū Ryū Ko after Miyagi's teacher, Kanryo Higaonna died in Oct,1915. Miyagi Chojun travelled to Fuzhou in May 1915 and again 1916, with Eisho Nakamoto (in 1915) and Gokenki (吴賢贵, in 1916). There he was met by Ryu Ryu Ko's students, presumably someone who knew Higaonna Kanryo. Based on the oral tradition passed on by Miyagi Chojun, he was brought before Ryu Ryu Ko's grave to pay his respects. Unless Miyagi Chojun's oral history is to be disregarded, then Ryū Ryū Ko who died before 1916 and Xie Zhongxiang who died in 1930 were not the same person.
Since the name "Ryū Ryū Ko" really existed in Okinawan tradition through the references provided by his students, any research into the identity of Ryū Ryū Ko should be based on these references. Norisato Nakaima (1819－1879 the founder of Ryūei-ryū, based the first character in the name of his style on Ryū Ryū Ko's surname. The character Norisato Nakaima used was "劉" which in Fuzhou dialect sounded like Liu/Ryu. Historians cite this as another piece of evidence to suggest that Xie Zhong Xiang was not Ryū Ryū Ko. (Note that prior to 1948 the vast majority of the population in Fujian Province spoke Fujian and not Mandarin, and Xie Zhongxiang's alias Xie Ruru as pronounced today would have been pronounced Xia Yiyi in late 19th Century Fujian.) According to the Ryuei Ryu Tradition, Norisato Nakaima began studying under Ryū Ryū Ko when he was 19 years old, circa 1838 to 1839 and spent 7 years learning martial arts as well as knowledge in Chinese herbal medicine from Ryū Ryū Ko.
Those who dispute the claims that Xie Zhong Xiang was Ryū Ryū Ko cite the fact that Xie Zhongxiang's nickname would have been pronounced "YiYi Go" in Fujianese Dialect, and not "Ru Ru Ko", the later being a modern Mandarin pronunciation of his nickname. Taking into consideration the formality involved in a teacher's acceptance of a student into his martial arts school in those days, as it was apparent in the manner in which Kanryo Higaonna chose his own students in later years, it was deemed unlikely that Ryū Ryū Ko's students would have referred to him by any title other than his formal name. Historical records from Fuzhou Martial Arts Association show that Xie Zhong Xiang was referred to either by his full-name or known as Yi-Shi ( 如师) which means Yi-Sensei in Fujianese Dialect. Those who dispute claims that Xie Zhong Xiang is Ru Ru Ko say that it is highly unlikely for Okinawan students to refer to their teacher of martial arts by his nickname "Brother Yiyi", and Ryū Ryū Ko's student Norisato Nakaima's claim that his Sensei's surname was "Ryu" (劉)is more plausible.
Ryū Ryū Ko's students
The okinawan martial artists who are believed to have studied in Ryū Ryū Ko's school were Higaonna Kanryō (founder of Naha-te), Arakaki Seishō, Norisato Nakaima (1819－1879) (founder of Ryūei-ryū), Sakiyama Kitoku (1830–1914), Kojo Taitei (1837–1915), Maezato Ranpo (1838–1904), Matsuda Tokusaburo (1877–1931).[3]
References
Further reading
Konjokrad, Filip (2019). History and Stories of Goju-Ryu. Lulu Publishing. p. 12-13. ISBN 978-0-359-31781-3
External links
http://www.gojuryukarate.cn/showart.asp?art_id=33
http://ryueiryu.org/history.html
http://ryueiryu.org/2.html
http://www.iogkf.com/newsletter/edition_2010_3/articles_pg_04.htm
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Sportspeople from Fuzhou
Chinese martial artists
Japanese martial artists
Qing dynasty people
FIS (International Ski Federation) World Cup may refer to:
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup, annual circuit of international alpine skiing competitions
FIS Cross-Country World Cup, annual circuit of international cross-country skiing competitions
FIS Freestyle Skiing World Cup, annual international freestyle skiing competition circuit
FIS Nordic Combined World Cup, annual international Nordic combined competition circuit
FIS Ski Jumping World Cup, annual international ski jumping competition circuit
FIS Ski Flying World Cup, annual ski flying competitions, part of the FIS Ski Jumping World Cup
FIS Snowboard World Cup, annual international snowboarding competition circuit
FIS Speed Ski World Cup, annual speed skiing competitions
FIS Telemark World Cup, annual Telemark racing competitions
FIS Grass Skiing World Cup, annual grass skiing competitions
Siu Lam () is an area and a village in Tuen Mun District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Siu Lam is one of the 36 villages represented within the Tuen Mun Rural Committee. For electoral purposes, Siu Lam is part of the So Kwun Wat constituency.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Siu Lam (Tuen Mun) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Populated places in Hong Kong
Tuen Mun District
Villages in Hong Kong
The 2009–10 Scottish Challenge Cup, known as the ALBA Challenge Cup due to sponsorship reasons with MG Alba, was the 19th season of the competition, competed for by all 30 members of the Scottish Football League. The previous winner was Airdrie United, who defeated Ross County 3–2 on penalties after a 2–2 draw in the 2008 final. Airdrie United were knocked out in the first round by Partick Thistle after a 1–0 loss.
The final was contested by Dundee and Inverness Caledonian Thistle at McDiarmid Park, Perth on Sunday 22 November 2009. The competition was won by Dundee who came back from 2–0 down to eventually clinch the victory, 3–2.
Schedule
First round
The first round draw was conducted on 28 May 2009.
North and East region
Dundee received a random bye to the second round.
Source: BBC Sport
South and West region
East Stirlingshire received a random bye to the second round.
Source: BBC Sport
Second round
The second round draw was conducted on 28 July 2009 at Hampden Park, Glasgow.
Source: BBC Sport
Quarter-finals
The quarter-final draw was conducted on 20 August 2009 at Hampden Park.
Semi-finals
The semi-final draw was conducted on 10 September 2009.
Final
References
External links
BBC Scottish Cups page
Scottish Football League Challenge Cup page
Scottish Challenge Cup seasons
Challenge Cup
Challenge Cup
The 1964 San Diego State Aztecs football team represented San Diego State College during the 1964 NCAA College Division football season.
San Diego State competed in the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA). The team was led by head coach Don Coryell, in his fourth year, and played home games at Aztec Bowl.
The Aztecs were nationally rated as high as number 2 in the AP Small College Football Poll, and finished the year ranked number 5. They finished the season with eight wins and two losses (8–2, 4–1 CCAA). The offense averaged over 40 points a game, totaling 423 points during the season. The defense gave up less than 10 points in 9 of their games, giving up only 71 points in 10 games.
Schedule
Team players in the NFL/AFL
The following San Diego State players were selected in the 1965 NFL Draft.
The following San Diego State players were selected in the 1965 AFL Draft.
The following finished their San Diego State career in 1964, were not drafted, but played in the NFL/AFL.
Team awards
Notes
References
San Diego State
San Diego State Aztecs football seasons
San Diego State Aztecs football
Mobilicoccus massiliensis is a Gram-positive, facultatively anaerobic non-spore-forming and motile bacterium from the genus of Mobilicoccus which has been isolated from feces of a human boy with kwashiorkor.
References
Micrococcales
Bacteria described in 2017
The flag of the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda as a red ensign was first adopted on 4 October 1910. It is a British Red Ensign with the Union Flag (which is the national flag) in the upper left corner, and the coat of arms of Bermuda in the lower right. Prior to this like most of the British colonies at the time it adopted a blue ensign with a seal that depicted a dry dock with three sailing ships. In 1999, the flag was changed to its current form, with an enlarged coat of arms.
Description
The flag is unusual for a British overseas territory in that it is used on land in a red ensign form; most other British overseas territories use a version of the blue ensign for general use ashore. Bermuda's use of a red ensign on land is in keeping with Canada (pre-1965) and the Union of South Africa (pre-1928), both of which used red ensigns ashore as local flags in the early part of the 20th century. Bermuda's flag is an appropriate civil ensign for vessels registered on the Bermuda portion of the British Register, by virtue of the Bermuda Merchant Shipping Act of 2002. The Governor of Bermuda uses a Union Flag defaced with the coat of arms, a design traditional for Governors of the British overseas territories. For the state ensign, a blue ensign is used.
Coat of arms
The Latin inscription on the coat of arms reads Quo Fata Ferunt ("Whither the Fates Carry"). The coat of arms shows a lion holding a shield which bears a picture of a shipwreck on a rock.
See also
List of British flags
References
External links
Flag and Ensign of Bermuda
Presentation of Bermuda Regiment Colours
Flag
National flags
Red Ensigns
Flags of British Overseas Territories
Bermuda
Bermuda
Bermuda
Bermuda
St. Luke's Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic–style Episcopal church building located at 219 Chunns Cove Road, in the Chunn's Cove neighborhood of Asheville, North Carolina. Built in 1894 at a cost of $728, St. Luke's was designed by E. J. Armstrong, a member of the congregation. The first service was held on September 17, 1894.
On September 30, 1997, St. Luke's was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
History
In 1847, the Reverend Jarvis Buxton came to Asheville, then a community of about 800 people, to become the Rector of Trinity Church. A missionary-minded priest, the Rev. Buxton was responsible for beginning the work of the Episcopal Church in Chunns Cove, Beaverdam, West Asheville and Waynesville. St. Luke's Episcopal Church was designed by E. J. Armstrong, a member of the congregation, and built in 1894, at a cost of $728. The first service was held on September 17, 1894.
In the 1940s, the Reverend James B. Sill obtained two (or possibly three) stained–glass panels, or "lights," that once been installed in St. Chrysostom's Chapel in New York City. (The chapel, built and maintained by New York City's Trinity Chapel, had been demolished in 1929 because it had sustained structural damage from a nearby subway.) The distinctive style of the stained glass leads this researcher to conclude that the glass was designed and manufactured in the late 19th century by Heaton, Butler and Bayne of London. One of the lights is installed in St. Luke's but another is broken—perhaps during the journey to western North Carolina—and is being stored at the church.
From an item published in the Asheville Citizen, dated January 11, 1942:
The original deed for the land was professionally restored by licensed archivists in 2013, and that document now hangs in the climate-controlled parish house. A framed color facsimile hangs in the nave of the church, because that building is subject to greater temperature fluctuations.
Present day
St. Luke's is a small but active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Western North Carolina. The Rev. Patty Mouer has been the rector since December 4, 2004.
Holy Eucharist services are held at 8:00 am and 10:30 am; studies and classes begin at 9:00 am; and a coffee hour follows the later Sunday service. A healing service is held on Wednesdays at 12:15 pm. Special services for church holy days are also held throughout the year, most notably during Lent, the Easter Season, the Christmas Season and others, as noted on the church website and its Facebook page. The parish house is located just north of the church, where adult education classes and children's bible studies are held; the rector's offices are also there.
In keeping with the Episcopal Diocese of Western North Carolina's commitment to social justice, St. Luke's parishioners serve the larger community in many ways. (Note: The Episcopal Diocese of Western North Carolina has historically practiced a higher churchmanship than most dioceses in the Fourth Province, and especially the other two dioceses in the state.) St. Luke's allows the use of its parish-house basement for more than one dozen 12-Step recovery meetings per week, though these meetings are strictly independent and have no affiliation with or endorsement from the church.
Stewardship
One boundary of the church property lies along Ross Creek, a tributary to the French Broad River. Since the late 2000s, parishioners have been removing invasive plants (mainly kudzu) from the creek's banks. In 2012, the church partnered with RiverLink to install native plants that help filter pollutants from rainwater as it runs off roofs and roadways on its way to Ross Creek. An info kiosk, installed by a local Scout troop, describes the project and recognizes St. Luke's involvement of other eco-partnerships.
Today, the ongoing work to keep back the kudzu, its environmentally friendly plantings, and low-impact artificial lighting (despite significant development in East Asheville over the last few decades) has earned St. Luke's the honor of being certified in the North Carolina Wildlife Federation's F.A.I.T.H. program (Fellowship Actions Impacting The Habitat). The NCWF "recognizes and certifies places of worship of all denominations that meet the requirements for a wildlife–friendly habitat. The certification celebrates the beauty and importance of nature and focuses on shared responsibility of wildlife stewardship." Black bears and wild turkeys are sometimes seen along the western boundary, heading to or from Ross Creek.
Cemetery and labyrinth
A consecrated cemetery and the Garden of the Resurrection, a cremains burial area, lie just west of the church, near the western property boundary. Simple carved gravestones, cut from local stone, date from the mid–19th century to the present day.
A low-profile labyrinth, outlined in smooth river stones, was installed on the grounds in 2014.
References
External links
Fellowship Actions Impacting the Habitat (FAITH)
Episcopal church buildings in North Carolina
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Carpenter Gothic church buildings in North Carolina
Churches in Asheville, North Carolina
Churches completed in 1894
19th-century Episcopal church buildings
National Register of Historic Places in Buncombe County, North Carolina
The Desert's Toll is a 1926 American silent Western film directed by Clifford Smith. A print is preserved at the George Eastman House in Rochester, New York.
Plot
Frank Darwin (Francis McDonald) needs to convince Muriel (Kathleen Key) he didn't kill her Father, as claimed by Jasper (Tom Santschi) and Oneta (Anna May Wong).
Cast
Kathleen Key - Muriel Cooper
Chief John Big Tree - Red Eagle
Anna May Wong - Oneta
Francis McDonald - Frank Darwin
Tom Santschi - Jasper
References
External links
1926 films
1926 Western (genre) films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Clifford Smith
1926 drama films
Silent American Western (genre) films
1920s American films
Sings the Blues is a solo album by American rapper Pigeon John. It was released on Basement Records in 2005.
Track listing
References
External links
2005 albums
Pigeon John albums
Christ Church is a historic Episcopal church at 750 Main Street in Waltham, Massachusetts. The church is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts, and was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
The church was founded in 1848, but a local hall was used for services until a wooden church was built in 1849. The wooden structure eventually proved inadequate and a larger church designed by Peabody and Stearns was built of local fieldstone at the current location between 1897 and 1898.
The church contains stained glass windows produced by several noteworthy manufacturers, including Clayton and Bell, Charles Connick, Louis Comfort Tiffany, and Donald MacDonald. Eight rectors have served the church since its founding.
History
The community of Christ Church was founded in 1848 by Albert C. Patterson, an Episcopal clergyman and missionary who identified the growing industrial city of Waltham as an ideal place to build a church. The new Episcopal community met in Rumford Hall (later Waltham City Hall) until a Gothic wooden church was completed on Central Street in Waltham in 1849. The land for the church and much of its funding was provided by founding member J.S. Copley Greene.
Christ Church's first rector was the Rev. Thomas F. Fales, from St. Paul's Episcopal Church in Brunswick, Maine. Fales remained the church's rector for more than 40 years, until retiring in 1890. During this time, Christ Church's membership grew from 15 members to more than 400.
At about the time Fales retired, the church outgrew the Central Street building. In 1892, the parish bought land with the intent of building a larger church at 750 Main Street. In 1895, the old church building was sold to a French Canadian Roman Catholic community. Christ Church held services in Waltham's Maynard Hall until the new building could be completed.
In 1896, after four years of planning, the architectural firm of Peabody and Stearns was hired to design the new structure and construction began in the early months of 1897. Philanthropist and Christ Church senior warden Robert Treat Paine, Jr. signed the contract for construction, and financed much of the building with his own fortune. Philanthropist sisters and Christ Church parishioners Harriet Sarah and Mary Sophia Walker also contributed significantly to the funding.
The first service in the completed building was held on June 17, 1898. That Sunday, the retired Rev. Fales delivered the church's inaugural sermon from the wooden pulpit that was his gift to the new building.
The church is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts, and was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Architecture and design
Christ Church was designed by Peabody and Stearns, masters of American Shingle style architecture, and was constructed of native Waltham fieldstone in the English Country style. The inspiration for the church's stone exterior came indirectly from architect H. H. Richardson, who was also a friend and Harvard classmate of Robert Treat Paine, Jr. When Paine remodeled and expanded his Waltham home in 1883, it was Richardson who designed the residence that would become Stonehurst, a Shingle style mansion built of glacial stones quarried on site from Paine's estate. Richardson died in 1886 and played no part in the planning of Christ Church, but it was his Stonehurst design that inspired Robert Treat Paine, Jr. to use the same stones from his property for the exterior of the church.
The church features several stained glass windows of significance. The east window, by Clayton and Bell, was a gift from Robert Treat Paine, Jr. in memory of his wife, Lydia Lyman Paine, who died in 1897 during the construction of the church. At Paine's request, his wife's likeness was incorporated into the left panel of the window as a red-clad figure kneeling before Christ. The west window, designed by Charles Connick, pays homage to Waltham's manufacturing history. In addition to images of Ruth, Solomon, and Noah — all industrious figures in the Bible — the window features rivets, a bicycle wheel, a watch escapement, a Metz car, and other symbols that reference Waltham's industrial character. Along the south wall is a signed Tiffany window, designed by Tiffany artist Frederick Wilson. The window depicts the Nativity, and was given to the church in 1908 by John H. Storer in memory of Frank Henry Perkins and Mary Ella Perkins. Also along the south wall is a window by noted Boston stained glass artist Donald MacDonald. This work, given in memory of Harriet K. Parmenter, depicts the Easter scene of the risen Christ revealing himself to Mary Magdalene.
Rectors
Since its founding, eight clergy have been elected by the Christ Church parish to serve as rector:
The Rev. Thomas F. Fales (1849–1890)
The Rev. Herbert Noel Cunningham (1890–1895)
The Rev. Hubert Wetmore Wells (1896–1900)
The Rev. Francis Ellsworth Webster (1901–1930)
The Rev. George O. Ekwall (1930–1960)
The Rev. John S. Kromer (1961–1970)
The Rev. William R. Mawhinney (1971–1999)
The Rev. Sara H. Irwin (2009–2017)
The Rev. Dr. Kapya John Kaoma (2019–present)
Note: In the intervening years listed above, a priest-in-charge appointed by the bishop served as the leader of the church.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Waltham, Massachusetts
References
External links
Official website for the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts
Official website of Christ Church Waltham
Episcopal church buildings in Massachusetts
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Churches in Waltham, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Waltham, Massachusetts
Triage may refer to:
Methodologies
Triage, a process of prioritizing patients based on the severity of their condition so as to treat as many as possible when resources are insufficient for all to be treated immediately
Field triage, decision-making early in the medical prioritization process
Business triage - commercial evaluation
Bug triage in software engineering
Ecological triage - used in evaluating potential environment interventions
Requirements triage, the process of prioritizing requirements in software development
Cultural manifestations
Triage (novel), a 1998 novel
Triage (film), a 2009 film adaptation of the novel
Triage, a 1992 album by David Baerwald
Triage, a 2019 album by Methyl Ethel
Triage (X-Men), a character from the X-Men comics franchise
The Digital Accounting Collection (DAC) is part of the University of Mississippi Libraries. The collection contains both current and historical accounting materials, with over 2,400 items in digitized searchable full-text format, and over 33,000 bibliographic citations for other materials.
Within the DAC, there are several discrete collections, most in full text. The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants' non-current professional standards, codes of professional conduct, and exposure drafts relate to professional auditing and accounting standards in the United States. The Academy of Accounting Historians' Journal and Notebook contain, respectively, scholarly research on accounting history and information on the activities of the Academy. The Accounting Pamphlets - Full-Text collection contains searchable full-text accounting pamphlets that are not under copyright. The McMickle and Accounting Pamphlets – Citations Only collections list in searchable indexes an eclectic mix of thousands of accounting monographs. The Photographs and Illustrations collection offers portraits and drawings related to accounting.
Collections
The Accounting Historians Journal - Full-Text
1974 - June, 2014
The Accounting Historians Journal is available in digital full-text. Included are files and bibliographic records for each issue and for each major item in each issue. From 1974 to 1998, the PDF page image contains embedded searchable text. Having both an image and a searchable text file allows the researcher immediately to check the accuracy of any questionable transcription. Beginning in 1999, native (searchable) PDFs are provided by the publisher. Go to: for a list of Journal issues
Accounting Historians Notebook - Full-Text
1978 - October, 2016
The Accounting Historians Notebook includes files and bibliographic records for each issue and for each major item in each issue. From 1978 to 2003, the scanned page images have embedded searchable text. Beginning in 2004, native (searchable) PDFs are provided by the publisher. Go to:for a list of issues.
AICPA Codes of Professional Conduct - Full-Text
The AICPA Codes of Professional Conduct collection includes the following:
The ET (ethics) sections from the Professional Standards from 1974 through 2005
The BL (by-laws) sections of the Professional Standards from 1974 through 2005
Separately published pamphlets of the Code from 1917 through 1997
The By-laws as they are included with the Code in the separately issued pamphlets (1917–1997).
Commentaries on the Code by A. P. Richardson, John L. Carey, and John L. Carey and William O. Doherty
AICPA Exposure Drafts Collection - Full-Text
This collection contains drafts of proposed standards and circulated them for comment from the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, as a standards promulgating body. These drafts represent a critical phase in the standards setting procedure and are studied by practitioners and historians alike. As they were not originally meant to be part of the permanent record, copies of these drafts are often difficult to locate. Non-current drafts are also available digitally. Each bibliographic record is accompanied by a PDF page image file with a searchable text behind each page image.
The McMickle Collection
The McMickle Collection contains more than 1,200 rate individual accounting titles with more than 500 volumes dating from the 19th century and the oldest volume dating back to 1655. It was donated to the Academy of Accounting Historians and is held by the University of Mississippi at the Patterson School of Accountancy.
Accounting Pamphlets Collection - Full-Text
Of the thousands of accounting pamphlets in the University of Mississippi's AICPA collection, some of those in the public domain have been digitized and are available in searchable full-text. These include governmental publications such as the SEC's Accounting Series Releases (Nos. 1- 140, 1937-1973; search under the title “Accounting Series Release”) and old CPA exams published by the states. Items published prior to 1923 or for which copyright was not renewed are also in the public domain. For example, early 20th-century pamphlets often provided practical guidance to bookkeepers on the accounting for particular trades, industries, or services. The AICPA library collected these ephemeral treasures for over eighty years and many are available digitally. In some instances, a PDF containing page images is provided along with a separate PDF with searchable text. In other instances, only one file containing both the searchable text and the image is provided (reflecting advances in PDF technology).
Accounting Pamphlets - Collection of Bibliographic Citations Only
Various Dates.
This is a catalog of over 33,000 accounting pamphlets owned by the University of Mississippi library and originally collected by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Only brief bibliographic citations are given: author, title, publisher and date. When available, the subject classification number from the original AICPA library collection is also included.
The collection includes a wide range of materials ranging from the late nineteenth century through 2000. Besides the traditional pamphlet materials, there are article reprints and clippings from trade journals, individual journal issues containing accounting articles, short runs of professional newsletters from accounting organizations around the world, and legal briefs.
Photographs and Illustrations Collection
This collection includes the frontispieces of 16th- and 17th-century accounting texts; cartoons and illustrations from 19th- and early 20th-century books, logos, and mastheads; and photographs from early organizational meetings, early journals and books. It also includes pages of the Accounting Historians Journal and Accounting Historians Notebook.
History
The DAC had its origins in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants' Library. AICPA's Library began in 1918 with 2,000 books and pamphlets, part of the collection being a donation of Leonard H. Conant, a former president of the organization. An endowment fund organized by George O. May helped sustain the library's collections through the years.
In August 2001, AICPA transferred its library the University of Mississippi. Service to the AICPA membership as well as the larger scholarly community has continued from the University of Mississippi location. A grant from the Institute of Museums and Library Services provided the funding to begin digitizing some of the rare and unique items in the collection as well as information useful to practicing accountants. The Digital Accounting Collection is the end result of these many efforts.
Technology
A number of technologies have been used over the course of the digitization project. Early scanned documents were edited using Adobe Acrobat Professional. More recently, ABBYY FineReader has been used for editing.
Bibliographic data is entered in Dublin Core format using MetaData Builder. Digital objects such as PDFs and jpeg images are attached and displayed using Media Management. Finally, the collection is displayed and searched using the Innovative Interfaces web opac product.
References
Bonner, Paul. 2007. A Treasure Trove of Accountancy's Past. Journal of Accountancy, Vol. 207 (August): 58-60.
Dublin Core Metadata Initiative
Kurtz, Royce D.; Herrera, David K. & Stephanie D. Moussalli. "Digitizing the Accounting Historians Journal: A short history", Accounting Historians Journal (Birmingham, AL: The Birmingham Printing and Publishing Company)) 33 (2): 157-168, .
Library of Congress. Dublin Core to MARC Crosswalk.
Martin, M.M. 2004. Adapting Reference for a Unique Group of Distance Learners: Serving the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA). Journal of Library and Information Services in Distance Learning, Vol. 1, No. 4: 59-66.
Discipline-oriented digital libraries
Accounting scholarship
University of Mississippi
American digital libraries
Shamshir Gard (, also Romanized as Shamshīr Gard and Shamshīr Gerd; also known as Shamshīrābād) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 78, in 21 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The 1904 Latrobe Athletic Association season was their tenth season in existence. The team finished 9-0 and were unscored upon. Latrobe laid claim to Pennsylvania's pro football title at the season's end.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Latrobe Athletic Association
Latrobe Athletic Association seasons
Jorge Carlos Ledesma (14 September 1932 — 12 October 2001) was an Argentine amateur golfer. He is the brother of Pedro Ledesma, who is also an accomplished golfer.
Ledesma is known as one of the best amateur golfers in Argentina, being one of only 11 Argentinian golfers, and along with Juan Segura, the only two amateurs, to have played in the Masters Tournament. He also played in the U.S. Amateur.
Ledesma was born in Buenos Aires in 1932. He was raised in Mar del Plata, and developed his golfing skills at the Mar del Plata Golf Club beginning at age eight. He won the Argentine Open in 1963 ahead of Roberto De Vicenzo, and came in third the following year, while he also claimed the amateur title at the tournament on nine occasions between 1955 and 1976, including five in a row from 1960. He won Argentine Amateur Championship three times, in 1959, 1966 and 1967, and also finished second in 1962, 1963, and 1974.
Internationally, Ledesma won the 1956 Viña del mar Open in Chile, and finished second in the Brazil Open in 1967.
Ledesma died in Buenos Aires in 2001, at age 69.
Amateur wins (52)
1952 Gordon Kenneth Cup
1955 Amateur Argentine Open, South Open
1956 Viña del Mar Open (Chile), South Open, Gordon Kenneth Cup, Gold Cup Uruguay
1957 Amateur Argentine Open, Gold Cup Uruguay
1959 Argentine Amateur Championship
1960 Amateur Argentine Open, Raul Lottero Cup, South Open
1961 Amateur Argentine Open, Abierto del Litoral, South Open
1962 Amateur Argentine Open, Raul Lottero Cup, Gordon Kenneth Cup, Argentine Masters
1963 Amateur Argentine Open, South Open, Gordon Kenneth Cup, Chile Amateur Open
1964 Amateur Argentine Open, North Open, South Open, Gordon Kenneth Cup
1965 North Open, Raul Lottero Cup, Gordon Kenneth Cup
1966 Porto Alegre Open (Brazil), Raul Lottero Cup, Argentine Amateur Championship, Gordon Kenneth Cup
1967 Amateur Argentine Open, Porto Alegre Open (Brazil), Argentine Amateur Championship, Gordon Kenneth Cup, Argentine Masters, Brazil Amateur Open
1968 North Open, Raul Lottero Cup, South Open, Gordon Kenneth Cup
1970 South Open
1971 Raul Lottero Cup
1972 South Open
1973 Raul Lottero Cup
1974 Ledesma-Segura Cup
1976 Amateur Argentine Open
1980 Ledesma-Segura Cup
Professional wins (2)
1956 Viña del Mar Open (Chile)
1963 Argentine Open
* Both wins achieved as an amateur.
Team appearances
Amateur
Eisenhower Trophy (7): 1958, 1960, 1962, 1964, 1968, 1970, 1974
South American Cup (Los Andes Cup) (15): 1955(w), 1956(w), 1957(w), 1959(w), 1961(runner-up), 1962(w), 1963(runner-up), 1964(runner-up), 1965(w), 1966(w), 1967(w), 1968, 1969(w), 1973(w), 1979
Vigil Cup (Argentina): 1959–1982, team winner (10): 1959, 1960, 1961, 1962, 1963, 1964, 1965, 1970, 1978, 1980, individual winner (5): 1960, 1961, 1962, 1964, 1967.
References
Argentine male golfers
Amateur golfers
Argentine people of Spanish descent
Sportspeople from Mar del Plata
Burials at La Recoleta Cemetery
1932 births
2001 deaths
"You Are My Sunshine" is a popular song.
You Are My Sunshine may also refer to:
Films
You Are My Sunshine (2005 film), a South Korean film
You Are My Sunshine (2015 film), a Chinese film
Music
You Are My Sunshine (Copeland album)
You Are My Sunshine (Elizabeth Mitchell album)
Television
"You Are My Sunshine" (Miracles), an episode of the American television series Miracles
"You Are My Sunshine", season 6, episode 12 of Sons of Anarchy
See also
"You're My Sunshine", a song by Namie Amuro
Queensland State Equestrian Centre is an equestrian sport venue located in Caboolture, Brisbane, Australia. It was opened in September 2011.
The facilities include:
An 80m x 40m indoor, sand arena with seating for 3,200 equestrian spectators or 5,200 for a concert, judges and commentators rooms and PA system
Warm up areas including a fully lit, 60m x 20m sand warm up arena
4 all-weather, sand dressage arenas with covered viewing areas
154 stables with anti-slip rubber matting
8 wash bays
55 camp sites with power and water access
Camp sites (see below)
2 meeting/training rooms
A licensed bar
The Queensland State Equestrian Centre has 154 stables in close proximity to the camp sites, the main arena, warm up arena and dressage arenas.
Stable Facilities:
154 stables measuring 3.6m x 3.6m with anti-slip rubber matting and bitumen aisles
Water and lighting in each aisle
8 wash bays
A dedicated vets room
Horse waste bays
A PA system link to the main arena
Sawdust bedding
The Queensland State Equestrian Centre has 55 camp sites with water and power access as well as additional ‘informal' camping spaces. The camp sites are split into three different sizes allowing for large horse trucks, camper vans and goosenecks through to smaller horse trucks and horse floats. The width of all powered sites are 5.5m and the lengths vary from 16m to 25.5m.
Camping Facilities:
55 camp sites with power and water access
Further unpowered camp sites
A large amenities block toilets and showers
Camping reception
See also
Sport in Brisbane
Sport in Queensland
References
External links
Official website
Sports venues in Brisbane
Equestrian venues
Sports venues completed in 2011
Indoor arenas in Australia
Equestrian sports in Australia
Jingfu (景福) may refer to:
Towns in China
Jingfu, Sichuan, in Santai County, Sichuan
Jingfu, Yunnan, in Jingdong Yi Autonomous County, Yunnan
Historical eras
Jingfu (892–893), era name used by Emperor Zhaozong of Tang
Jingfu (1031–1032), era name used by Emperor Xingzong of Liao
Charles I, Count of Ligny, (1488–1530) was a son of Anthony I, Count of Ligny, and his second wife, Françoise van Croÿe-Chimay. In 1519, he succeeded his father as Count of Brienne and Count of Ligny. Charles II, his great-grandson, was imprisoned after buying a copy of William Byrd's Gradualia on the basis of Catholic tensions [needs editing: William Byrd was born in 1539 or 1540].
In 1510, he married Charlotte of Estouteville; they had the following children:
Anthony II (d. 8 February 1557)
Louis III (d. 11 May 1571)
Jean (d. 1548)
George (d. after 30 September 1537)
Guillemette
Françoise (d. 17 June 1566), married to Bernhard III, Margrave of Baden-Baden.
Antoinette (1525 – 30 September 1603)
Marie (d. 15 March 1597)
Counts of Ligny
Counts of Brienne
House of Luxembourg
1448 births
1530 deaths
15th-century French people
16th-century French people
The Brazilian Baptist Convention () is a Baptist Christian denomination in Brazil. It is affiliated with the Baptist World Alliance. The headquarters is in Rio de Janeiro.
History
The Brazilian Baptist Convention has its origins in the establishment of the first Baptist Church in Salvador (Bahia) in 1882, by an American mission of the International Mission Board.
It was founded in 1907. According to a denomination census released in 2020, it claimed 9,018 churches and 1,790,227 members.
Social programs
The Convention coordinates several social programs, through the "Missões Nacionais" especially for the rehabilitation of drug addicts, dance and sports and for young people from disadvantaged neighborhoods and housing orphaned children.
Royal Ambassadors
The 'Embaixadores do Rei' organization (Royal Ambassadors in English) has a significant presence in the denomination. It is responsible for the missionary and vocational awakening of pastors throughout 70 years of existence in Brazil.
See also
Bible
Born again
Baptist beliefs
Worship service (evangelicalism)
Jesus Christ
Believers' Church
References
External links
Official Website
Brazilian Royal Ambassadors Website
Baptist denominations in South America
Evangelicalism in Brazil
Baptist Christianity in Brazil
Divales is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Melyridae.
List of species
Divales bipustulatus (Fabricius, 1781)
Divales cinctus (Gené, 1839)
Divales communimacula (Costa, 1847)
Divales haemorrhoidalis (Fabricius, 1798)
Divales mauritanicus (Lucas, 1849)
Divales quadrimaculatus (Olivier, 1790)
Divales uhligi Majer, 1984
Divales weisei Schilsky, 1894
References
Biolib
Melyridae
Cleroidea genera
Mirzaitovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Urmanayevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 87 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Mirzaitovo is located 32 km southwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Narat-Yelga is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Neo Samuel Maneng is a South African politician from the Northern Cape. He is the chief whip of the African National Congress (ANC) caucus in the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature. He was elected to the legislature in May 2019. He is also the former provincial secretary of the African National Congress Youth League (ANCYL). Maneng is seen as someone who is aligned to former premier Sylvia Lucas.
References
External links
Neo Samuel Maneng – People's Assembly
Profile : Mr Neo Samuel Maneng – NCPLEG
Living people
South African politicians
African National Congress politicians
Members of the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature
1980 births
Émile Veinante (12 June 1907 – 18 November 1983) was a French football player and coach. A striker, he represented FC Metz and RC Paris at club level while scoring 14 goals in 24 appearances with the France national team.
Club career
Veinante was born in Metz. Primarily a forward, he began his club career in 1916 with the youth squad at FC Metz, which was at that time (before the end of the First World War) still in German-controlled Alsace-Lorraine. He stayed with FC Metz until 1929, when he moved to Racing Club de Paris in the French first division from 1929–1940, with whom he won the French double in 1936, winning the national championship and the cup title. He was named French player of the year in that year. He retired from professional club soccer in 1940.
International career
Between February 1929 and January 1940 Veinante played 24 international matches for the French national team, scoring 14 goals. He appeared in the 1930 and 1938 World Cups, and as a reserve in 1934. In 1938, against Belgium, he scored a goal in the first minute of play.
Managerial career
In 1940 Veinante became manager of Racing Paris, until 1943. He also managed RC Strasbourg Alsace from 1945 to 1947 and in 1948–49, OGC Nice in 1949–50, FC Metz in 1950–51, FC Nantes from 1951 to 1955, and RC Strasbourg again in 1960–61.
Death
He died in 1983 in Dury, Somme.
References
External links
1907 births
1983 deaths
People from Alsace-Lorraine
Footballers from Metz
Association football forwards
French footballers
France international footballers
FC Metz players
Racing Club de France Football players
Ligue 1 players
1930 FIFA World Cup players
1934 FIFA World Cup players
1938 FIFA World Cup players
French football managers
RC Strasbourg Alsace managers
OGC Nice managers
FC Metz managers
FC Nantes managers
Racing Club de France Football managers
Skipper John's Cook is a 1951 picture book written and illustrated by Marcia Brown. The story tells of a boy who is a cook on a boat. The book was a recipient of a 1952 Caldecott Honor for its illustrations.
References
1951 children's books
American picture books
Caldecott Honor-winning works
Imma diaphana is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Arnold Pagenstecher in 1884. It is found on the Moluccas. This species is also diurnal.
References
Moths described in 1884
Immidae
Moths of Indonesia
Taxa named by Arnold Pagenstecher
Matías Emilio Carabajal (Fraile Pintado, Jujuy, Argentina, June 3, 1986) is an Argentine footballer. He currently plays as a midfielder for Central Córdoba of Torneo Federal A in Argentina.
Clubs
References
Ficha en FICHAJES
Argentine footballers
1986 births
Sportspeople from Jujuy Province
Association football midfielders
Living people
The infraglenoid tubercle is the part of the scapula from which the long head of the triceps brachii muscle originates. The infraglenoid tubercle is a tubercle located on the lateral part of the scapula, inferior to (below) the glenoid cavity. The name infraglenoid tubercle refers to its location below the glenoid cavity.
Function
The infraglenoid tubercle is the origin of the long head of the triceps brachii muscle. It helps to stabilise the muscle origin.
Additional images
See also
Supraglenoid tubercle
References
External links
- "Axillary Region: Scapula (Left)"
()
Scapula
James Addison Johnson (October 7, 1865 – April 5, 1939) was an American architect known for his design of various architectural landmarks in Buffalo, New York, and his use of decorative work that many consider a foreshadowing of art deco design.
Early life
John Addison Johnson was born October 7, 1865 in Brewerton, New York, near Syracuse, New York, the son of Garrison Barrett Johnson and Katherine Eliza (née Beckwith) Johnson.
Career
Johnson apprenticed and partnered with prominent Western New York architect Edward Kent and later with Central New York architect Silsbee & Marling. He also worked for Richard Morris Hunt firm and in 1890, he joined the firm of McKim, Mead and White in New York City as an assistant.
In 1892, Johnson came to Buffalo and continue his architectural practice. Significant projects from this period include the Alexander Main Curtiss House designed with partner James Marling. Johnson partnered with James Marling after Marling's previous partner, Herbert C Burdett died.
After Marling's death, Johnson, at the age of 32, formed a partnership with the German born and trained architect August Esenwein. From its inception in 1897, Esenwein & Johnson was one of the most successful architectural firms of the time and is credited with the design of many buildings that have become Western New York landmarks. These include the Niagara Mohawk Building, the United Office Building in Niagara Falls, New York, the Ellicott Square Building and various buildings for the Pan-American Exposition notably the Temple of Music (infamous as the site where President William McKinley was assassinated). Esenwein & Johnson designed many buildings for the United Hotels Company, which was the largest hotel chain in the country at the time.
Esenwein & Johnson's work was known for its diverse styles through a sixty-year history of designs, executing projects in Georgian Revival, Art Nouveau, Mayan Revival, and Art Deco styles. Of special note is the decorative features of Johnson's design for the 1912 Niagara Mohawk Building which foreshadowed Art Deco ornamentation. After the death of Esenwein in 1926, Johnson, in retirement, became advisory architect to the restoration of Old Fort Niagara.
Personal life
Johnson later married Mary Edith Carter (who was born in Vermont in 1869) and together they were the parents of two daughters, both of whom were born in Buffalo:
Katherine Carter Johnson (b. 1900), who married Barclay.
Mary Edith Johnson (b. 1905), who married Judson Weldon Welch.
Johnson died in 1939 in Buffalo, New York, at Buffalo General Hospital at the age of 73; funeral services were held in his home at 731 West Delavan and he was buried in Oswego, New York.
Significance
A number of Johnson's Buffalo, New York buildings are listed on the National Register of Historic Places including The Calumet, Hotel Lafayette, M. Wile and Company Factory Building, Fosdick-Masten Park High School and Lafayette High School.
Gallery
Selected works
Johnson & Marling
1894 - Harlow C. Curtiss Residence (with Marling) - Buffalo, NY
1985 - Alexander Main Curtiss House / (Ronald McDonald House) - 780 West Ferry Street - Buffalo, NY
1896 - Colonial Apartments - Buffalo, NY
1899 - Mayer & Weill Building - Demolished in 1977 - Buffalo, NY
1898 - Curtiss House / International Institute - 864 Delaware Avenue - Buffalo, NY
Esenwein & Johnson
1899 - Clarence L. Bryant House - 591 Delaware Avenue - Damaged by Arson - Buffalo, NY
1901 - Lafayette High School (Buffalo) - 370 Lafayette Avenue - Buffalo, NY
1901 - Pan-American Exposition Temple of Music - Demolished - Buffalo, NY
1901 - Pan-American Exposition Administration Building - Demolished - Buffalo, NY
1901 - Pan-American Exposition Alt Nurnberg - Demolished - Buffalo, NY
1901 - Pan-American Exposition Brick Art Gallery - Demolished - Buffalo, NY
1901 - Public School No. 43 Building - 161 Benzinger Street - Buffalo, NY
1903 - Myron G. Farmer Residence - 46 Summit Avenue - Buffalo, NY
1905 - Ethel Mann Curtiss House - 100 Lincoln Parkway, Buffalo, NY
1905 - Ansonia Building - 712-726 Main Street - Buffalo, NY
1905 - Charles Mosier Residence - 96 Bidwell Parkway - Buffalo, NY
1906 - Calumet Building - 46-58 West Chippewa Street - Buffalo NY
1907 - Asa Silverthorne House - 877 Delaware Avenue - Buffalo, NY
1907 - Louis Kurtzman Residence - 24 Lincoln Parkway - Buffalo, NY
1908 - Barker Square Condominiums - 172 Linwood Avenue - Buffalo, NY
1908 - Emily H. Swift House - 21 Colonial Circle - Buffalo, NY
1908 - Buffalo Hotel (The first Statler Hotel) - Washington & Swan Streets - Buffalo, NY
1910 - William H. and Essie Barr Statler House - 177 Bidwell Parkway, Buffalo, NY
1911 - J. N. Adam & Company Building - 371 Washington Street - Buffalo, NY
1911 - Automobile Club of Buffalo - 10405 Main Street - Clarence, NY
1911 - John Sinclair House - 94 Jewett Parkway - Buffalo, NY
1912 - AM&A's Department Store (Corner of Washington and Eagle Street - Buffalo, NY
1912 - Niagara Mohawk Building / The Electric Tower - Buffalo, NY
1912 - Root Building - 70-86 West Chippewa Street - Buffalo, NY
1912 - Schoellkopf-Vom Berge Manor - 121 Chapin Parkway - Buffalo, NY
1913 - Ellsworth Milton Statler Residence - 154 Soldiers Circle - Demolished in 1938 - Buffalo, NY
1914 - Fosdick-Masten Park High School - Buffalo, NY
1919 - Dickinson Jewelry Store - 620 Main Street - Buffalo, NY
1922 - Prince Edward Hotel - Ouellette and Park Streets - Demolished in 1976 - Windsor, Ontario
1923 - The Niagara (Fallsview Travelodge Hotel) - Niagara Falls, NY
1924 - Curtiss Building / Pleu Building - 357-363 Delaware Avenue - Buffalo, NY
1924 - M. Wile Factory - 77 Goodell Street - Buffalo, NY
1926 - Frank A. Dudley Residence - 551 Mountain View Drive - Lewiston, NY
1926 - Niagara Share Building - 70 Niagara Street - Buffalo, NY
1927 - Thomas J. McKinney House - 35 Lincoln Parkway - Buffalo, NY
After Esenwein's death
1929 - Buffalo Museum of Science - 1020 Humboldt Parkway - Buffalo, NY
1929 - Inlaid marble floors of Ellicott Square Building - Buffalo, NY
1929 - United Office Building - Niagara Falls, NY
References
External links
James A. Johnson biography
1865 births
1939 deaths
Architects from Buffalo, New York
Architects from New York (state)
Art Nouveau architects
FC Neftyanik Yaroslavl (FC Yaroslavl Oilers) () is a Russian football team from Yaroslavl. Established in 1963 as amateur club. It played professionally from 1994 to 2002. Their best result was 8th place in Zone West of the Russian Second Division in 2000. After 2002 it plays in the Yaroslavl city league. 2007, 2010, 2011, 2013, 2015, 2016, 2017 it was champion of Yaroslavl.
External links
Team history at KLISF
Unofficial Fan-Site
Amateur football of Yaroslavl
Photos of the FC Neftyanik in the Yaroslavl city league 2010
Photos of the FC Neftyanik in the Yaroslavl city league 2010
Association football clubs established in 1963
Sport in Yaroslavl
1963 establishments in Russia
Rüdiger Hübbers-Lüking (born 3 September 1965, in St. Tönis) is a German slalom canoeist who competed in the 1990s. He won a bronze medal in the C-2 team event at the 1995 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Nottingham. He also won a gold medal in the same event at the 1996 European Championships in Augsburg.
He finished 14th in the C-2 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
His partner throughout the whole of his active career was Udo Raumann.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1965 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
German male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Germany
Place of birth missing (living people)
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
People from Viersen (district)
Sportspeople from Düsseldorf (region)
Tony Bujan is an American former tennis player.
Bujan grew up in Palm Desert, California and attended Indio High School. He played collegiate tennis for Texas Christian University, earning All-American honors in 1990 and 1992. His only ATP Tour main draw appearance came as a qualifier at the 1993 Los Angeles Open, where he lost his first round match in three sets to world number 70 Jeff Tarango. He reached his best singles world ranking of 477 in 1994.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American male tennis players
TCU Horned Frogs men's tennis players
Tennis people from California
People from Palm Desert, California
Schlieben () is a town in the Elbe-Elster district, in southwestern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated north of Bad Liebenwerda. Schlieben was the site of a concentration camp during the Holocaust.
History
From 1815 to 1944, Schlieben was part of the Prussian Province of Saxony. From 1944 to 1945, it was part of the Province of Halle-Merseburg. From 1952 to 1990, it was part of the Bezirk Cottbus of East Germany.
Demography
Personalities
Sons and daughters of the city
Ernst Legal (1881-1955), actor, director and director
Personalities connected with the city
Edwin Zimmermann (* 1948), politician (SPD), 1990-1997 Minister for Food, Agriculture and Forestry of the State of Brandenburg
References
Localities in Elbe-Elster
Province of Saxony
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Irinjalakuda-Kodungallur is a suffragan eparchy (Eastern Catholic diocese) in the ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Syro-Malabar Catholic Archeparchy of Thrissur in Kerala state's Thrissur District, southern India.It is part of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church (which follows the Syro-Malabar Rite, the Indian variant of the Syro-Oriental Rite.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Saint Thomas Cathedral, in Irinjalakuda city. Bishop Pauly Kannookkadan is the head of the diocese now
The former cathedral (of Arch diocese of Crangannore), now St. Mary's Forane Church -Puthenchira, is also in this eparchy.
Statistics
As per 2015, it pastorally served 269,867 Catholics (20.4% of 1,326,000 total) on 1,180 km² in 134 parishes and 20 missions with 301 priests (209 diocesan, 92 religious), 2,085 lay religious (168 brothers, 1,917 sisters) and 53 seminarians.
History
The eparchy was created as Diocese of Irinjalakuda / Irinialakuden(sis) (Latin adjective) by Pope Paul VI in his bull Trichurensis Eparchiae of 22 June 1978, on territory split off from the then Eparchy (Diocese) of Trichur (now its Metropolitan). Now, diocese of Irinjalakuda is under this Thrissur Archdiocese.
Antecedents
St Thomas, one of the apostles of Christ, after receiving the Holy Spirit at Pentecost, set about the mission of spreading the gospel of Jesus Christ to the whole world. A review of the life of St Thomas will prove how he fulfilled this great mission in India.
According to the tradition, St Thomas came by sea and landed at Kodungalloor (Cranganore) the capital of the then Chera Empire in 52 AD. He baptised families in Kodungalloor and Palayur (Trichur). St Thomas preached the gospel wherever he went, and founded churches. According to Malabar tradition St Thomas founded seven churches, they are in Cranganore, Quilon, Chayal, Kokkamangalam, Niranam, Paravur and Palayur. From there he went to Coromandel and suffered martyrdom near the Little Mount in Tamil Nadu. His body was brought to the town of Mylapore and was buried in a holy shrine. According to "Ramban Songs", St Thomas converted 17,550 people. He ordained priests and consecrated bishops. The Apostle consecrated Kepa, a native, as Bishop of Kodungalloor and as the head of St Thomas Christians and Paul as the Bishop of Mylapore. It is worth mentioning that the Apostle gave his followers a way of worship suited to their clime, culture and customs. Since the 4th century, the Church in India started communication with the East Syriac Church and soon began to introduce liturgical books and share rites. Thus the Indian Church became a member of the Babylonian (also known as Assyrian & Syro-Chaldean) Patriarchate for practical purpose, not for doctrinal reasons.
The head of the Indian Church was called The Metropolitan and Gate of All India, and had jurisdiction over all of the country. When the Chaldean prelates came to India as the spiritual heads of the independent metropolitan provinces under the East Syriac Patriarch, the administration of the Indian Church was done by a native priest with the title Archdeacon of all India or Jathikkukarthavian. The residence of the Metropolitan was first at Kodungallur, then Angamaly etc. Because of the close association of the St Thomas Christians with the East Syriac Church, the Indian Church of St Thomas is classified in history under the Chaldean matrix of rites, as we read in CCEO C.28:2 As Pope Pius XII said "during the centuries that India was cut off from the west and despite many trying vicissitudes, the Christian communities formed by the Apostle conserved intact the legacy he left them, and as soon as the sea passage at the close of the 15th century offered a link with their fellow Christians of the west, the union with them was spontaneous" (AAS, XLV (1953) pp. 96 97). Thus the Syro-Malabar Church, as Pope John Paul II said, "Never severed from the communion with the Church of Rome, in a continuity that the enormous geographic distance has never been able to break". ("Insegnamenti Giovanni Paulo II". III/2. Rome, 1980, p. 513). In the 15th and 16th centuries the Metropolitans of the St Thomas Christians, who were then of East Syriac Rite, took Angamaly as their residential see. (cf. Bulls of Pope Julius III dated 10 March 1553 and 4 May 1553 in Giamil, "Genuinae Relationes....." Rome 1902, PP. 17–18-24).
Episcopal Ordinaries
(all Syro-Malabar Rite native Indians)
Suffragan Eparchs (Bishops) of Irinjalakuda
Mar James Pazhayattil (1978.06.22 – retired 2010.01.18), died 2016
Mar Pauly Kannookadan (2010.01.18 – ...).
Saints and causes for canonisation
Birthplace of St. Maria Theresa Chiramel
Ven. Joseph Vithayathil
Servant of God Fr. Canisius Thekkekara (Canisius of Saint Teresa), CMI
References
External links
Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Irinjalakuda
GCatholic, with Google map & - satellite HQ picture - data for most sections
Catholic-Hierarchy entry
Eastern Catholic dioceses in India
Archdiocese of Thrissur
Syro-Malabar Catholic dioceses
Religious organizations established in 1978
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Irinjalakuda
1978 establishments in Kerala
Palasport Pianella is an indoor sporting arena that is located in Cucciago, Como, Italy. It has a capacity of 3,910 seats.
History
The arena was built in 1974. In the past, the capacity reached 5,500, but it was reduced due to a restructuring of the arena. It is the home arena of the Pallacanestro Cantù professional basketball team for national domestic Italian League games. The arena also contains a bar, which is open during the games, and an outlet managed by the Eagles, the ultras fan group of the team.
On July 6, 2016, there was the official presentation of the project for the new arena in Cucciago, Cantù. The project consists of a renovation and an extension of the Palasport Pianella, with the increase of capacity from 3,910 to 5,634. Inside the building there will be a new museum of the club, a cafe/restaurant, a gym, a children fun area, a new Pallacanestro Cantù's training court and the offices of the Club. It will be the fourth largest basketball arena in Lega Basket Serie A. Constructions works will last between 11 and 13 months.
References
External links
Pallacanestro Cantù Official Site - Tickets
Indoor arenas in Italy
Basketball venues in Italy
The Duncan Dunbar was a clipper constructed for Duncan Dunbar & Company in 1857. It was shipwrecked at the Rocas Atoll off the coast of Brazil on 7 October 1865 on the way to Sydney, Australia.
Ship history
The ship was launched on 18 May 1857 from the yard of James Laing, Sunderland, Tyne and Wear. She was the twelfth ship built by Laing for Dunbar, and at the time the largest vessel ever launched on the Wear. She was constructed entirely of wood, with English oak frames and East India teak planking and masts. She was held together with copper bolts, with iron trusses and knees. Overall the ship was long, and at the keel. She had a beam of and a depth of hold of . Her tonnage was given as 1,447 tons, with a burthen of 2,500 tons. A large crowd gathered to witness the launch, and the ship was christened by Mrs. W.R. Robinson of Silksworth. The ship was named either after Duncan Dunbar, the then owner of Duncan Dunbar & Co., or his father of the same name.
Under Dunbar's ownership the ship was engaged in the passenger and cargo trade between England and Australia. After Duncan Dunbar's death in 1862, the ship was sold to Gellatly, Hankey, Sewell & Co.
Sinking
A contemporary report states:
The ship left London, under Captain Swanson, on 28 August 1865 and Plymouth on 2 September 1865, with passengers and cargo for Sydney. On 7 October 1865 she was wrecked on the reef Las Roccas , on the coast of Brazil. She struck about 20:30. The Captain went in one of the boats to take soundings around her but she had gone aground at high tide. There were not enough boats to accommodate all the passengers and crew so he determined to wait until daylight to see if there was any dry land to which survivors could be taken by boat and raft. The passengers were in fear because the vessel was rolling heavily and striking violently with each roll. At daybreak on 8 October, the Captain succeeded in getting through the breakers to a landing place on one of the two sand islets which rose about above ordinary high-water mark. Preparations were at once made to transfer the passengers and crew to the spot, the passengers being lowered in a chair over the stern because it was impossible to keep a boat alongside due to the heavy rolling. By 07:00, all were landed. The islet was covered with pig-weed but there was no water so this was ferried from the wreck. Four of the five water-puncheons were lost, being stove-in by debris or having drifted away. There were 117 persons on the reef. For the first two days they had a pint of water each in temperatures of degrees. A tent was constructed for shelter. The islet was infested with land-crabs and various vermin. They stayed on the islet for 10 days and during that period had recovered from the wreck sufficient water and stores to serve a hundred people for a hundred days. Captain Swanson had left, in the lifeboat, on 11 October 1865, to sail towards Pernambuco. After making 120 miles he was picked up by the American ship Hayara and dropped 15 miles from his destination. There, he procured the assistance of the Oneida, Royal Mail Steam Packet Company, which came to the island and took all hands safely to Southampton. The Captain remained in Pernambuco.
A different ship named the Dunbar was wrecked near Sydney in 1857. There is a description of the shipwreck of the Dunbar in Following the Equator, by Mark Twain. Twain incorrectly refers to the ship as the Duncan Dunbar.
References
External links
1857 ships
Ships built on the River Wear
Clippers
Shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Maritime incidents in October 1865
Mikkel Vendelbo (born 15 August 1987) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
References
External links
Mikkel Vendelbo on Silkeborg IF website
National team profile
Career statistics at Danmarks Radio
1987 births
Living people
People from Esbjerg
Association football midfielders
Danish footballers
Denmark youth international footballers
Aarhus Gymnastikforening players
Esbjerg fB players
Hønefoss BK players
Holstein Kiel players
Holstein Kiel II players
Silkeborg IF players
Skive IK players
Danish Superliga players
Eliteserien players
3. Liga players
Danish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Danish 1st Division players
Sportspeople from the Region of Southern Denmark
The 892nd Helicopter Reconnaissance and Liaison Squadron (Serbo-Croatian: ) was an aviation squadron of the Yugoslav Air Force formed in 1952 at Rajlovac airfield as the Liaison Squadron of 7th Military district (Serbo-Croatian: ).
History
The squadron was formed by order from December 17, 1951, on February 1, 1952, as part of the 7th Military district. It was equipped with various training and liaison aircraft. The squadron was transformed into the Liaison Squadron of 7th Air Command (Serbo-Croatian: ) by 1959.
After April 1961 and the reorganization of the Air Force, new type of designation system began to be used to identify squadrons, so the Liaison Squadron of 7th Air Command became the 892nd Liaison Aviation Squadron.
It was equipped with domestic liaison Ikarus Kurir aircraft. With the 7th Air Command being disbanded in 1964, the squadron was reattached to the 7th Military district. The squadron was disbanded on July 17, 1966, by order from February 17 of same year, but its numeration has remained in reserve.
By order from January 9, 1980, the 892nd Helicopter Flight (Serbo-Croatian: ) has been established at Sarajevo military airfield with the 7th Army of the Yugoslav People's Army for reconnaissance and liaison duties equipped with domestic-made SOKO SA 341 Gazelle helicopters. By order from March 1, 1985, it was designated as the 892nd Helicopter Reconnaissance and Liaison Squadron. Due to the 1988 reorganization of the field armies of the Yugoslav People's Army, the 893rd Squadron was attached to the 896th Helicopter Reconnaissance and Liaison Squadron as its helicopter flight.
Assignments
7th Military district (1952–1959)
7th Air Command (1959–1964)
7th Military district (1964-1966)
7th Army (1980-1988)
Previous designations
Liaison Squadron of 7th Military district (1952–1959)
Liaison Squadron of 7th Air Command (1959–1961)
892nd Liaison Aviation Squadron (1961-1965)
892nd Helicopter Flight (1980-1985)
892nd Helicopter Reconnaissance and Liaison Squadron (1985-1988)
Equipment
Polikarpov Po-2 (1952-1959)
Zlin 381 (1952-1959)
Kaproni Bulgarski KB-11 Fazan (1952-1959)
Utva Aero-3 (1959-1961)
Ikarus Kurir (1955-1965)
Soko SA.341 Gazelle (1980–1988)
References
Yugoslav Air Force squadrons
Military units and formations established in 1952
Louis Alexis Étienne Bonvin (6 November 1886 in Montluçon (Allier) – 23 February 1946, Montluçon (Allier)) was a French diplomat and colonial official of the French Third Republic, who served as governor of French India between 1938 and 1946.
Early life
Louis Bonvin was born on 6 November 1886 in Montluçon (Allier) to a family of shopkeepers. He studied in Paris where he graduated from Hautes études commerciales (HEC), and in 1912, joined the colonial administration in French Equatorial Africa. Promoted to deputy director of the colonies in 1914, he served successively in Chad, Middle Congo, and then Gabon. In 1933 he was appointed Inspector of Administrative Affairs in Gabon, and then became acting Governor in 1934. He was appointed Governor in 1936, serving till December 1937.
French India
In 1938, The French government appointed him governor of French India, a colony shaken by unrest in the textile mills. In the course of the French military debacle during World War II, Bonvin telegraphed to the French government (then in Bordeaux) on 20 June 1940, declaring the will of the people of French India to continue the war on the side of the Allies. However, following the signing of the Armistice of 22 June 1940, he immediately recognized the government of Marshal Pétain. Shortly afterward, under pressure from Colonel Schomberg, the British consul in Pondicherry, who warned him that the British Indian Army would occupy the colony if he didn't declare for General de Gaulle, he reverted his decision. In an appeal to the people of 27 June 1940, Bonvin announced that the French colonial empire (and therefore the French Establishments in India) "will remain on the British side until the final victory." On 12 July, Governor Bonvin, through the British, assured de Gaulle of the cooperation of French India.
On 9 September 1940, two days after having informed the authorities and officers of the colony of his decision, Louis Bonvin proclaimed the formal adherence of French India to Free France. General de Gaulle immediately confirmed Bonvin's position as Governor.
The Vichy French denounced Bonvin for this action. On 14 January 1942, the Vichyite Permanent Military Tribunal of Saigon in French Indochina found him guilty of "delivery to a foreign power of territory belonging to France", and sentenced him to death. His wife, Marcelle Bonvin, was sentenced to penal servitude for life. As Bonvin was not in
Indochina, this had no real effect.
For the duration of hostilities, Bonvin was at the forefront as a representative of General de Gaulle for India and the East from 1940 to 1944.
He was a member of the Defense Council of the Empire and worked to provide all possible assistance to the Free French forces (Forces Françaises Libres, FFL) including those under the command of General Kœnig in North Africa. This aid was funnelled through the Red Cross committee headed by Bonvin's wife; some of it came from soldiers of the FFL in the form of subscriptions and also remittances.
Before he left India in September 1945, the British government, for services rendered to the Allied cause, awarded him the dignity of Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire.
Louis Bonvin died on 23 February 1946, as a result of an illness contracted in India, three months after his return to Montluçon, his hometown, where he is buried.
Titles Held
See also
Colonial heads of Gabon
References
French colonial governors and administrators
Colonial Governors of French Gabon
French generals
Governors of French India
Companions of the Liberation
Honorary Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
People from Montluçon
1946 deaths
1886 births
Free French Forces
Nowy Staw is a town in Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
Nowy Staw (meaning "New Pond") may also refer to:
Nowy Staw, Lublin Voivodeship, a village in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Nowy Staw, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, a village in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)
See also
Gmina Nowy Staw
Albrecht Manegold (born 1973) is a German ornithologist and paleontologist. He is the curator of the vertebrate collection at the State Museum of Natural History Karlsruhe. He is known for contributions to the study of early passerine evolution. He has described extinct passerines and piciformes including the fossil treecreeper Certhia rummeli and the fossil woodpecker Australopicus nelsonmandelai.
Education and career
Manegold studied biology at the Free University of Berlin. He completed his PhD thesis in 2005, on the phylogeny and evolution of the Coraciiformes (kinfishers, bee-eaters and allies), Piciformes (woodpeckers and allies), and Passeriformes (perching birds). He worked at Senckenberg Research Institute. He is presently the curator of the vertebrate collection of the State Museum of Natural History Karlsruhe, with research focus on fossil birds of the Maghreb and South Africa and paleornithological reconstruction.
Manegold described the extinct treecreeper Certhia rummeli from a fossilized right tarsometatarsus found in karstic fissure fillings in Petersbuch, Bavaria. The fossil woodpecker Australopicus nelsonmandelai, found at the Langebaanweg fossil site in South Africa, and representing the oldest known woodpecker in Africa, was described and named by Manegold for South African president Nelson Mandela's 94th birthday.
Awards
2007: Bernhard Rensch Prize for his dissertation work on phylogeny and evolution of Coraciiformes, Piciformes, and Passeriformes.
2008: Maria Koepcke Prize for his work in creating a new classification system of passerine birds based on morphological characteristics in bone structure, clarifying relationships within living birds and allowing for assignment of extinct representatives of extant families.
Selected publications
Manegold A. (2020). New results on birds from the Early Pleistocene site of Untermassfeld. In:
Manegold A., Louchart A., Carrier J. & Elzanowski A. (2013). The Early Pliocene avifauna of Langebaanweg (South Africa): a review and update. In: Göhlich, U.B., Kroh, A. (eds.) Paleornithological Research 2013 – Proceedings of the 8th International Meeting of the Society of Avian Paleontology and Evolution: 135–152.
Manegold A., Podsiadlowski L. (2013). Erste morphologische und molekulare Untersuchungen zur phylogenetischen Stellung des Grünköpfchens Agapornis swindernianus. Vogelwarte 51: 348.
References
German ornithologists
German paleontologists
1973 births
Free University of Berlin alumni
21st-century German biologists
Living people
Rasmus Falk Jensen (born 15 January 1992) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Copenhagen in the Danish Superliga.
Club career
Falk started his career at Middelfart G&BK and moved to Odense Boldklub (OB) alongside future Tottenham Hotspur and Inter Milan player, Christian Eriksen in 2005. He made his debut for OB in 2010 against AGF. Falk then signed a contract extension with OB, keeping him at the club until 30 June 2016.
Copenhagen
On 20 January 2016, Falk signed a pre-contract with Copenhagen, as he turned down a contract extension for OB, meaning that he could move as a free agent in the summer. On 1 July 2016, he officially moved to Copenhagen on a four-year contract.
Falk made his Copenhagen debut on 13 July 2016 and scored the final goal in the 3–0 Champions League qualification away win over Crusaders. In his first season at the club, he won the double; the Danish Superliga and Danish Cup.
On 5 August 2020, Falk scored the third goal in a 3–0 win over Turkish champions İstanbul Başakşehir to secure a spot in the quarter-finals of the Europa League.
International career
On 29 August 2013, Falk was called up to play for the Denmark national football team. He played the first half of the 2-1 World Cup qualification win over Malta on 6 September 2013.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Copenhagen
Danish Superliga: 2016–17, 2018–19, 2021–22
Danish Cup: 2016–17
External links
OB profile
Official Danish Superliga stats
References
1992 births
Living people
People from Middelfart Municipality
Sportspeople from the Region of Southern Denmark
Danish footballers
Association football midfielders
Denmark international footballers
Denmark under-21 international footballers
Denmark youth international footballers
Middelfart Boldklub players
Odense Boldklub players
F.C. Copenhagen players
Danish Superliga players
Events in the year 2014 in Angola. The country had a population of 19,813,180.
Incumbents
President: José Eduardo dos Santos
Vice President: Manuel Vicente
President of the National Assembly: Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos
Event
October
October 16 - New Zealand, Malaysia, Angola, Spain and Venezuela have been elected to sit on the United Nations Security Council for two years from 2015.
References
2010s in Angola
Years of the 21st century in Angola
Angola
Angola
Kızıllar may refer to the following places in Turkey:
Kızıllar, Çavdır
Kızıllar, Kozan
Kızıllar, Ulus
In statistics, Welch's t-test, or unequal variances t-test, is a two-sample location test which is used to test the hypothesis that two populations have equal means. It is named for its creator, Bernard Lewis Welch, is an adaptation of Student's t-test, and is more reliable when the two samples have unequal variances and possibly unequal sample sizes. These tests are often referred to as "unpaired" or "independent samples" t-tests, as they are typically applied when the statistical units underlying the two samples being compared are non-overlapping. Given that Welch's t-test has been less popular than Student's t-test and may be less familiar to readers, a more informative name is "Welch's unequal variances t-test" — or "unequal variances t-test" for brevity.
Assumptions
Student's t-test assumes that the sample means being compared for two populations are normally distributed, and that the populations have equal variances. Welch's t-test is designed for unequal population variances, but the assumption of normality is maintained. Welch's t-test is an approximate solution to the Behrens–Fisher problem.
Calculations
Welch's t-test defines the statistic t by the following formula:
where and are the sample mean and its standard error, with denoting the corrected sample standard deviation, and sample size .
Unlike in Student's t-test, the denominator is not based on a pooled variance estimate.
The degrees of freedom associated with this variance estimate is approximated using the Welch–Satterthwaite equation:
This expression can be simplified when :
Here, is the degrees of freedom associated with the i-th variance estimate.
The statistic is approximately from the t-distribution since we have an approximation of the chi-square distribution. This approximation is better done when both and are larger than 5.
Statistical test
Once t and have been computed, these statistics can be used with the t-distribution to test one of two possible null hypotheses:
that the two population means are equal, in which a two-tailed test is applied; or
that one of the population means is greater than or equal to the other, in which a one-tailed test is applied.
The approximate degrees of freedom are real numbers and used as such in statistics-oriented software, whereas they are rounded down to the nearest integer in spreadsheets.
Advantages and limitations
Welch's t-test is more robust than Student's t-test and maintains type I error rates close to nominal for unequal variances and for unequal sample sizes under normality. Furthermore, the power of Welch's t-test comes close to that of Student's t-test, even when the population variances are equal and sample sizes are balanced. Welch's t-test can be generalized to more than 2-samples, which is more robust than one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA).
It is not recommended to pre-test for equal variances and then choose between Student's t-test or Welch's t-test. Rather, Welch's t-test can be applied directly and without any substantial disadvantages to Student's t-test as noted above. Welch's t-test remains robust for skewed distributions and large sample sizes. Reliability decreases for skewed distributions and smaller samples, where one could possibly perform Welch's t-test.
Examples
The following three examples compare Welch's t-test and Student's t-test. Samples are from random normal distributions using the R programming language.
For all three examples, the population means were and .
The first example is for unequal but near variances (, ) and equal sample sizes (). Let A1 and A2 denote two random samples:
The second example is for unequal variances (, ) and unequal sample sizes (, ). The smaller sample has the larger variance:
The third example is for unequal variances (, ) and unequal sample sizes (, ). The larger sample has the larger variance:
Reference p-values were obtained by simulating the distributions of the t statistics for the null hypothesis of equal population means (). Results are summarised in the table below, with two-tailed p-values:
Welch's t-test and Student's t-test gave identical results when the two samples have identical variances and sample sizes (Example 1). But note that if you sample data from populations with identical variances, the sample variances will differ, as will the results of the two t-tests. So with actual data, the two tests will almost always give somewhat different results.
For unequal variances, Student's t-test gave a low p-value when the smaller sample had a larger variance (Example 2) and a high p-value when the larger sample had a larger variance (Example 3). For unequal variances, Welch's t-test gave p-values close to simulated p-values.
Software implementations
See also
Student's t-test
Z-test
Factorial experiment
One-way analysis of variance
Hotelling's two-sample T-squared statistic, a multivariate extension of Welch's t-test
References
Statistical approximations
Statistical tests
This is a list of tambon (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letters N and O. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.
See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
N1
Philip Peter Ross Nichols (28 June 1902 – 30 April 1975) was a Cambridge academic and published poet, artist and historian, who founded the Order of Bards, Ovates and Druids in 1964. He wrote prolifically on the subjects of Druidism and Celtic mythology.
Work
He revived the interest in Celtic neopaganism and Druidry in the 20th century. Nichols was a Member and Chairman of the Ancient Druid Order which traces its lineage to a meeting at the Apple Tree Tavern in Covent Garden, London, in 1717' although Professor Ronald Hutton has demonstrated that it only dates back to 1906, the 1717 story being a modification of the founding of modern Freemasonry. His main work, The Book of Druidry, was published posthumously in 1990.
Life
Philip Peter Ross Nichols was born in Norwich, England, and educated at Bloxham School. While a graduate history student at Cambridge University, Nichols became influenced by the work of James George Frazer, Sigmund Freud, Carl Jung, T.S. Eliot, Robert Graves and Jessie Weston among others. He worked in journalism, teaching and social work through the Great Depression, and became a committed socialist and pacifist, favoring for the rest of his life the new economic theories of C.H. Douglas, whose concept of Social Credit advocated a total reform of the monetary system to make it more equitable. Ross was also a vegetarian and naturist, joining Britain's first naturist community, Spielplatz, near St. Albans in Hertfordshire, in the 1930s.
In 1939, Nichols became principal of a private college in London, while staying at Spielplatz during time off. It is assumed that on one of these trips he met and befriended Gerald Gardner. Later, Nichols was asked to edit Gardner's seminal work, Witchcraft Today.
Between 1941 and 1947, four of his poetry books were published, including an essay in The Cosmic Shape (1946) focusing on the power of myth and the value of seasonal celebration. Two were published by Fortune Press - 'Prose Chants and Proems' (1942) and 'Sassenach Stray (1942).
In 1949, Ross was hired as assistant editor of The Occult Observer, a short lived publication by Michael Houghton of the Atlantis Bookshop. It was an important step as it marked the first time Nichols wrote about Druidism and also fellow author Mir Bashir wrote a story in it entitled The ‘Book of Shadows' inspiring Gardner to adopt the term for Wicca.
While Gardner worked to introduce Wicca to the modern world, Nichols worked to change the practice of modern Druidry. He introduced a concern for Celtic mythology and Bardcraft, and the celebration of the full eight seasonal ceremonies in addition to arranging the teachings into three grades, in accordance with classical accounts of the three divisions of the Druids.
Nichols also edited, published and arranged the translation of Jean Baptiste's (aka Paul Christian) book "The History and Practice of Magic" in 1969.
In 1988 one of his students, Philip Carr-Gomm, was asked to lead the Order.
Published works
Sassenach Stray A Set of Eight Variations and Tailpiece published by The Fortune Press 1941
Prose Chants & Proems published by The Fortune Press 1941
The Cosmic Shape (with James Kirkup) published by The Forge Press 1946
Seasons at War – A Cycle of Rhythms published by The Forge Press 1947
The Occult Observer – A Quarterly Journal of Occultism, Art & Philosophy (Contributor and Assistant Editor) published by Michael Houghton 1949, 1950
The History & Practice of Magic by Paul Christian (Editor) published in 2 vols by The Forge Press 1952
Witchcraft Today by Gerald Gardner (Editor) published by Rider & Co 1954
The Book of Druidry published by the Aquarian Press (now Thorsons) 1990
Prophet Priest & King – The Poetry of Philip Ross Nichols edited and introduced by Jay Ramsay published by The Oak Tree Press 2001
In The Grove of the Druids – The Druid Teachings of Ross Nichols Introduced and edited by Philip Carr-Gomm, Foreword by Professor Ronald Hutton. Watkins 2002
The Secret Lore of London: The city's Forgotten Stories and Mythology Coronet "Parliament Hill and the Druids" article 24 March 2016
Biography
Carr Gomm, Philip Journeys of the Soul: The Life and Legacy of a Druid Chief
See also
Bricket Wood
Neo-druidism
References
External links
https://druidry.org/about-us/ross-nichols-founder An extensive section on the site of the Order he founded, which includes his biography, details of his books, and selections of his artwork and poetry
https://www.philipcarr-gomm.com/book/journeys-of-the-soul/ Details of his biography
Neo-druids
Founders of Modern Pagan movements
1902 births
1975 deaths
People educated at Bloxham School
People from Norwich
British Modern Pagans
Modern Pagan writers
Modern Pagan poets
The 27th Mechanized Corps (Military Unit Number 2850) was a mechanized corps of the Red Army. Stationed in present-day Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan after its formation in March 1941, the corps was relocated westwards after the German invasion of the Soviet Union. As a result of the reorganization of the Soviet mechanized corps, the 27th Mechanized Corps was disbanded before it saw combat.
History
Formation
The corps was formed in March 1941 in Mary in the Central Asian Military District. The corps included the previously formed 9th Tank Division at Mary, and the new 53rd Tank Division at Kyzyl-Arvat, as well as the new 221st Motorized Division at Samarkand. The corps was commanded by Major General Ivan Yefimovich Petrov.
World War II
On 22 June 1941, Operation Barbarossa, the German invasion of the Soviet Union, began. At the time the corps was equipped with 356 tanks. On 25 June the corps was alerted for movement to the west. On 27 June the first echelon of the 9th Tank Division moved west by rail, followed by the rest of the division. Moving through Tashkent and Orenburg, the division's first echelon reached Voronezh on 8 July. On 8 July, the Soviet General Staff decided to disband the mechanized corps and reorganize the tank divisions as a result of heavy tank losses in the first days of the war. The division's headquarters arrived at Voronezh on 10 July. The 27th Mechanized Corps was to become part of the 28th Army at Kirov. Unloading was to be carried out at the Fayansovaya railway station to the north of Kirov. The trains transporting the corps began to arrive at the station the next day, unloading only at night due to German air superiority. Many trains were delayed due to damage to the railway tracks, including one tank battalion that was stuck at Bryansk station for three days. By 15 July, the concentration of the 9th Tank Division had been completed with 208 tanks (mostly T-26s and BT-7s). At the same time the 9th Tank Division had become the 104th Tank Division, the 53rd Tank Division the 105th Tank Division, and the 221st Motorized Division the 106th Tank Division. The corps was disbanded on 15 July, and the 106th Tank Division became the 106th Motorized Division on 19 July.
References
Mechanized corps of the Soviet Union
Military units and formations established in 1941
Military units and formations disestablished in 1941
The 1946 Western Ontario Mustangs football team represented the University of Western Ontario in the Intercollegiate Union during the 1946 college football season. Led by head coach Johnny Metras, the Mustangs compiled a 7–1 record and outscored opponent by a total of 214 to 64.
Prior to the season, the Mustangs had been undefeated in college football since 1938. The undefeated streak ended with the opening game against Canisius.
Schedule
References
Western Ontario
Western Mustangs football seasons
Western Ontario Mustangs footbal
William Pinckney Reinhardt House, also known as the Pink Reinhardt House, Reinhardt-Sigmon House, and Sigmon House, is a historic home located near Maiden, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built about 1845, and is a two-story, Greek Revival style frame dwelling. The front facade features center bay portico supported by two
stuccoed-brick Doric order columns and a sophisticated Asher Benjamin-inspired doorway. It has a -story frame addition built in the 1920s. It is nearly identical to the neighboring Franklin D. Reinhardt House.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1845
Greek Revival houses in North Carolina
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Holiya (Golari) is a southern Dravidian language closely related to Kannada.
It was spoken by about 3,614 persons in Nagpur and Bhandara districts of Maharashtra (Vidarbha) and Seoni and Balaghat districts of Madhya Pradesh as per 1901 census.
References
Kannada language
Josef Košťálek (31 August 1909 in Kladno – 21 November 1971) was a Czech footballer.
He played for Sparta Prague and the Czechoslovakia national football team, for whom he played 43 matches, scoring two goals, and appeared in the 1934 and 1938 World Cups. In 1938, he scored in extra time against the Netherlands to put Czechoslovakia into the quarterfinals.
References
1909 births
1971 deaths
Czech footballers
Czechoslovak footballers
AC Sparta Prague players
1934 FIFA World Cup players
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Czechoslovakia international footballers
Sportspeople from Kladno
Association football midfielders
People from the Kingdom of Bohemia
"Message personnel" is a song by Françoise Hardy from her 1973 album Message personnel. It was also released as a single.
Writing and composition
Françoise Hardy: Title of the song and words of the spoken part.
Michel Berger: Lyrics and music of the sung part.
The recording was produced by Michel Berger.
Track listing
7" single Warner Bros. 16 331 (1973)
1. "Message personnel" (4:15)
2. "Première rencontre" (2:50)
Charts
Cover versions
The song has been covered by Michel Berger himself, France Gall, Isabelle Huppert (in the 2002 film 8 Women), Jenifer, Willeke Alberti (in Dutch under the title "Als je komt dan zal ik thuis zijn"), Lara Fabian, Julie Pietri, Véronique Sanson, Barbara Carlotti & Dominique A.
Françoise Hardy also recorded an English version, titled also "Message personnel".
References
Françoise Hardy songs
France Gall songs
Jenifer (singer) songs
Lara Fabian songs
French pop songs
Song recordings produced by Michel Berger
Songs written by Michel Berger
Songs written by Françoise Hardy
The crescent-chested babbler (Cyanoderma melanothorax) is a babbler species in the family Timaliidae and is native to the Indonesian islands of Java and Bali. It inhabits subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, montane forest and shrubland. It is listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List.
It is ochreous-brown, has rufous-coloured wings, paler underparts and a black crescent across its breast. It is long.
Myiothera melanothorax was the scientific name proposed by Coenraad Jacob Temminck in 1823 who described a babbler from Java.
The generic name Cyanoderma was proposed by Tommaso Salvadori in 1874 for babblers with slender and pointed beaks.
It was later placed in the genus Stachyris, but since 2020 is recognised as a Cyanoderma species.
References
External links
crescent-chested babbler
Birds of Java
Birds of Bali
crescent-chested babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Searsport Historic District encompasses a collection of well-preserved mid-to-late 19th-century commercial buildings in the center of Searsport, Maine. They represent the community's peak period of prosperity, when it was a leading shipping and shipbuilding center. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Description and history
The area that is now Searsport was settled in the 1750s, and was incorporated as a separate town out of adjacent towns in 1845. From the 1790s its main village was a regional shipping and shipbuilding center. At its peak in the mid-19th century it had six full-time shipyards and numerous seasonal ones, and had achieved a reputation for providing captains for many seafaring vessels. The success of these businesses and men led to the development of a significant portion of the town center's commercial buildings.
The historic district extends along a short portion of Searsport's Main Street, designated United States Route 1. On the south side it extends from Mosman Street to Elm, and on the north from Mt. Ephraim Road to Knox Bros. Avenue. This area has thirteen historically significant buildings, most of them of brick construction, and built between 1840 and 1891. The only non-commercial building is the 1840 Greek Revival Methodist Church. The most common architectural styles are the Greek Revival and the Italianate style. Probably the most elaborate building is the 1891 Merrill Trust Company building, a mansard-roofed Italianate structure with a tower at the center of its front.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Waldo County, Maine
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
Greek Revival architecture in Maine
Italianate architecture in Maine
Searsport, Maine
National Register of Historic Places in Waldo County, Maine
Vish (also known as Vish – A Poisonous Story) is an Indian supernatural drama broadcast on Colors TV and digitally streams on Voot. It aired from 10 June to 27 September 2019. It was produced under the banner of Peninsula Pictures. It starred Debina Bonnerjee, Sana Makbul and Vishal Vashishtha.
Plot
Vishaili and Vishaila's lifespan extends into thousands of years and they keep changing their bodies after the poison within them reaches alarming levels. While Vishaili accomplishes Sabrina's body and comes into her full powers to live her life as a mortal, Vishaila's body alteration gets interrupted by unforeseen circumstances and that turns him into a defunct. Sabrina hides his defunct body in a cellar hoping to keep him alive until a new body is obtained. Her sole motive in life is to keep Vishaila's decapitating body buoyant and she sets out on a mission to scout for a perfect human body to give her half-dead lover a new lease of life. She marries an affluent man, Mohit and thus crosses path with his doctor Aliya and his brother Aditya.
In the present, Mohit is handicapped due to Sabrina as he found out about her real identity. Sabrina hires Dr. Aliya to take care of Mohit. Aliya is shown to be an orphan as recently her father knew about the Vishkanya and thus was killed by Sabrina. Aliya hopes to find the truth about her father's death in Kothari Estate after spotting Mohit's condition similar to her father's. Mohit's arrogant, playboy and casanova type younger brother, Aditya returns from the US and shows his hatred for Sabrina as he blames her for Mohit's condition. He crosses paths with Aliya and the two take an instant dislike to each other. Soon, Aliya misunderstands Aditya to be the cause of Mohit's condition and the events happening around them whilst he thinks Aliya and Sabrina are working together. Sabrina is shown searching for a tattooed man with a special mark as he is the only person who can save her lover, Vishaila. Vishaila is kept in an ice chamber in Sabrina's bedroom closet and need a new heart every 13 days in order to stay alive. The tattooed man is shown to be Aditya however Sabrina doesn't know this and neither Aditya as he thinks it's a birthmark. Aditya's friend, Siddharth comes to the Estate but is killed by Sabrina as she misunderstands him to be the marked man. More evidence points to Aditya regarding Siddharth's death which makes Aliya suspicious and thus gets him arrested. However, she learns that he's innocent and gets him released. Meanwhile, Sabrina and Vishera fight and Sabrina captures him in a mirror and is bought by a girl. Aditya and Aliya slowly becomes friends as they search for clues together and they take a liking to one another.
Sabrina finds out Aditya is the tattooed-marked man and plots to kill him so she can resurrect Vishaila. However, her efforts are thwarted and she then turns a cat into a human being, Katrina, to help her in her plans of getting Aditya. She tells the family that Katrina is her best friend. Nonetheless, Katrina has her own plans of capturing Aditya as she wants to fully transform into a human and live forever. Sabrina goes to Vishlok to retrieve magic flower to heal Vishaila. Vishaila is found by Aliya in the ice chamber according to Katrina's plan. Meanwhile, Vishera breaks out of the mirror and is held captive by the girl who bought the mirror. Baba rudra does puja to see if Sabrina is vish kanya but Sabrina calls crows to take Vishaila away right on time. When Sabrina finds out about this her best friend and Katrina find themselves at loggerheads and thus they both challenge each other and become bitter enemies. Katrina places holy locket in Sabrina's bathtub to reveal Sabrina's truth but instead is trapped herself. Sabrina places a cage and says that the vish kanya will come to save the black crows. Sabrina puts milk outside and Katrina goes to dink it. A cage falls over Katrina and Sabrina makes everyone believe that Katrina is Vishkanya but then Mohit comes and can walk on his feet to help Katrina who has put a spell on Mohit so he can be her puppet against Sabrina.
Aliya envies Aditya and Katrina's closeness which is due to Katrina's plan even though Aditya has fallen for Aliya. Sabrina plots to kill both Aditya and Aliya while they are going for a drive and sends a snake after them. Aliya gets hurt in the process and Aditya takes her somewhere safe and they both confess their love and share romantic moments. Later, Katrina poses as Sabrina and announces Aditya and Katrina's marriage which angers Aditya and upsets Aliya. Katrina tries to make Aliya leave by injecting Aditya and making him hug her, which is seen by Aliya and she plans to leave the Estate. When Aditya finds out about this he stops her but Aliya humiliates him, so, therefore, Aditya agrees to marry Katrina and tells Aliya to stay until the wedding day. Aliya grows jealous and cannot hide her emotions whilst Aditya himself cannot stop thinking about her.
Sabrina tries to capture Katrina in a book but does not succeed. Katrina steals Sabrina's eyes. Sabrina puts baby powder in Katrina's clothes which cats are allergic to. Sabrina calls Makrina to get her eyes back and is successful after Makrina and Katrina's fight on the chandelier.
Sabrina plots to get rid of Katrina by making everyone thinks she's the vishkanya which she succeeds in. Sabrina kills Baba rudra,Katrina, and all of the other priests. Sabrina takes the choreographer outside at night because she needs to give his heart to Vishaila as its been 13 days and Alia follows them. Aliya soon finds out about Sabrina and is shocked and heartbroken and runs away to tell Aditya. Katrina has one last life left and she uses it to take revenge from Sabrina by killing Vishaila. Before doing so she sets fire to the cellar where Sabrina, Katrina, and Vishaila is and Vishaila is killed by Katrina. Sabrina kills Katrina in rage and swears revenge on Aliya for Vishaila's death and plots to steal Aliya's love, Aditya and make him the new Vishaila. Sabrina stops Aliya from revealing the truth to Aditya and pushes her off a cliff which Aditya sees and tries to save Aliya but in vain.
1 month later
Aliya is shown to be alive and was saved by a lady, Rudra Ma (who is later revealed to be Rudra baba). Aliya was unconscious for a month but as soon as she wakes up she remembers everything and escapes to save Aditya from Sabrina. But it is too late as Sabrina has now made Aditya her puppet and has been feeding him poison in order for her to obey her. She and Aditya are planning to marry. Aliya returns to the Estate and is shocked to see Aditya in this state. She vows to ruin Sabrina and save Aditya with the help of Maria and Rudra Ma. Everyone believes Mohit to be dead but in fact, he is captured in a freezer by Sabrina whilst he is too trying to escape to save Aditya. Sabrina sends snakes to kill Aliya but Aliya kills them all with the potion Rudra Ma gave her. She attacks Sabrina and traps her for a while on Aditya and Sabrina's wedding day. Maria tells her to go to Sabrina's place and marry Aditya which she does and the marriage is completed with Aditya marrying Aliya. Sabrina kills Maria. Now Aliya plans to ruin Sabrina as she is now a married woman and only a married woman can defeat a Vishkanya.
Sabrina and Aditya (who is under Sabrina's spell) plan to get rid of Aliya but Rudra Maa saves her. Aliya finds Maria's son who was kidnapped by Sabrina and finds out Sabrina has turned him into a crow. Aliya helps him run away and succeeds in doing so. Shekar, Aliya's best friend gives Aliya special herbs which she mixes in Aditiya's juice to eliminate the effect of vish in him. She succeeds and Aditya goes back to normal and he and Aliya get back together. Soon, they go on a honeymoon and Sabrina follow them. She calls the mermaid to help her and kill Aliya. Aliya kills the mermaid. Sabrina gives Aditiya poison before Aliya saves him. However, Aditya pushes Aliya off a balcony but she is saved in the nick of time by Rudra Maa. Sabrina gives poison to Aditya again. Rudra Maa gives Aliya a special bracelet to give to Aditya so the poison won't work on him and she does so by pretending to be alive around Aditya which scares him as he believes it is her ghost. Aliya succeeds in putting the bracelet on and Sabrina catches her so the latter tries to harm her but Aditya saves her as the bracelet charm worked on him and he now knows what Sabrina did.
The trio (Aditya, Aliya and Rudra Ma) joins hands to defeat Sabrina which they succeed and escape but Sabrina stabs Aliya with a glass of poison. Aditya and Rudra Maa take her to the temple to complete three meditations and Aliya fall unconscious and her condition worsens. Aditya decides to do meditation for Aliya. Sabrina goes to the king of demons for help. Aditiya complete earth and water meditation. Bhandari buries Alia. Sabrina hypnotizes the king of demons and tells him about Alia. King of demons kidnaps Alia and Aditiya eventually succeeds in killing him and captures Sabrina in a cage. Aditiya and Aliya marry. Sabrina escapes with the help of Rajni Gandha, her loyal servant. She calls Kalankini to help her interrupt the last meditation. Aliya kills Kalankini with the trident after being tortured by Kalankini. Aliya, Aditiya, and Rudra Ma drive Sabrina out of Kothari Estate by making a vermilion border around the entrance. Aliya and Aditiya consummate their marriage and Aditya's venomous mark disappears. Sabrina vows to come back and take revenge.
3 months later
Sabrina is back. Aliya is three months pregnant with venomous mark child. Sabrina gets her powers back and is twice as powerful as before. She captures Rudra Ma in a bottle and enters Kothari Estate in a burqua. She introduces herself as Aliya's nurse. Aditya is suspicious. She poisons Aliya to increase the growth rate of the child. She reveals her identity. Vishera, Sabrina's enemy is back. Sabrina kills him but he drives her out of Kothari Estate. Without the bottle with Rudra Ma in it, she cannot enter. Rajni Gandha is caught while trying to get the bottle. Sabrina awakens Mohit whose brain has stopped functioning due to being in the freezer. Aditiya and Aliya make him normal by reminding him of his past. Rudra Ma is free from the bottle. Sabrina goes to Damori and Sakchunni for help. Sabrina calls Damori and Sakchunni and with their help destroys the vermilion border. They enter the house during Aliya's baby shower. Damori and Sakchunni are killed. Mohit dies. Sabrina steals Aliya's womb and takes it to a cave. They follow Sabrina to the cave. Aliya sacrifices her life for her child. The child is born. Aditya kills Sabrina by turning into vish purush. Sabrina vows to come back for her vish child.
7 years later
Aditya and Aliya's daughter has now grown and is called Meera. Aditya is a great father, however he misses Aliya. Meera is shown to have a venomous mark on her back. Sabrina also returns and is now fully healed. She kept Mohit alive all these years. She enters the house with Mohit. Meera kills a butterfly with her evil vision. Sabrina soon befriends Meera. She tells her to tell Aditya that Sabrina is back so therefore Meera tells Aditya. The season ends with Aditya and Sabrina came face to face and Sabrina tells Aditya that the second chapter is yet to begin...
Cast
Main
Debina Bonnerjee as Vishaili/Sabrina Kothari – a Vishkanya disguised as a human
Sana Makbul as Dr. Aliya Kothari (née Sanyal) –Mohit's doctor, Aditya's wife and Mira's mother (dead)
Vishal Vashishtha as Aditya Veer Kothari – Mohit's brother, Aliya's husband and Mira's father
Recurring
Ankit Gulati as Mohit Veer Kothari – Aditya's brother, Sabrina's husband
Krip Suri as Vishera – Sabrina's nemesis
Divya Bhatnagar as Shabnam Khaala
Sunila Karambelkar as Maria – housekeeper of Kothari Estate
Snehal Rai as Raina – Vishera's lover
Shantanu Monga as Siddharth – Aditya's best friend
Yajuvendra Singh as Dr. Sanyal – Aliya's father
Rupesh Kataria as Ronnie
Sandeep Bhojak as Shyam
Manuj Nagpal as Daitya Raj – King of Daitya Nagari, Sabrina's lover
Nalini Negi as Katrina
Puja Banerjee as Makrina
Puneett Chouksey as Aghori Baba
Ritu Shivpuri as Rudra Maa
Arshi Khan as Bhayankiri Kalankini
Jasleen Matharu as Sanya/Jalakshini – Aditya's friend
Ayush Anand as Shekhar Malhotra – an inspector, Aliya's friend
Production
Vish first teaser revealed before one week of show launch and due to low TRPs it ended in three months.
Later, it was announced that the show will return with new season in October 2019 on OTT platform Voot but later it was announced that new season scrapped.
References
2019 Indian television series debuts
Hindi-language television shows
Colors TV original programming
Indian anthology television series
Indian horror fiction television series
Indian supernatural television series
Paranormal reality television series
Sofiane Ikene (born 27 February 2005) is a Luxembourger footballer who currently plays for F91 Dudelange.
International career
Born in Luxembourg, Ikene is of Algerian descent. He is a member of the Luxembourg national football team, making his debut in a 2022–23 UEFA Nations League match against Faroe Islands on 14 June 2022.
References
2005 births
Living people
Luxembourgian footballers
Luxembourg youth international footballers
Luxembourg international footballers
F91 Dudelange players
Luxembourgian people of Algerian descent
Tamarac may refer to:
Settlements
Tamarac, Florida
Tamarac Township, Minnesota
Wild areas in Minnesota
Tamarac National Wildlife Refuge
Tamarac Wilderness, within the Refuge
Rivers in Minnesota
Tamarac River (Red River of the North)
Tamarac River (Red Lake)
Little Tamarac River
Rivers of Quebec
Tamarac River (Gatineau River tributary), a tributary of Pain de Sucre Lake, in Quebec, in Canada
See also
Tamarack (disambiguation)
The flag of Barbados was designed by Grantley W. Prescod and was officially adopted to represent the nation of Barbados at midnight on 30 November 1966, the day the country gained independence. The flag was chosen as part of a nationwide open contest held by the government, with Prescod's design being selected as the winner of a field of over one thousand entries. The flag is a triband design, with the outermost stripes coloured ultramarine, to represent the sea and the sky, and the middle stripe coloured gold, to represent the sand. Within the middle band is displayed the head of a trident. This trident is meant to represent the trident of Poseidon, visible in Barbados's colonial coat of arms, and the fact that it is broken is meant to represent the severed ties between Barbados and the United Kingdom, of which it was long a colony.
After Prescod's design was selected as the winner of the contest, he was asked to make several flags as a personal request from Errol Barrow, the nation's first prime minister. Prescod constructed seven flags out of fabrics purchased from a department store. The flag was raised for the first time in a ceremony by Lieutenant Hartley Dottin of the Barbados Regiment. From its independence in 1966, Barbados also had a royal standard for Queen Elizabeth II and a standard for the governor-general, though these flags were retired in 2021 after Barbados officially became a republic. In their place, the use of a presidential standard began in 2021.
History
After some time as a British colony, Barbados became part of the British Windward Islands in 1833, with the Union Jack as its official flag. It was reestablished as the colony of Barbados in 1885 and remained that way until 1958; during this time, the flag of the colony consisted of a Blue Ensign which was defaced with the colonial seal. From 1958 to 1962, Barbados was under the control of the West Indies Federation, who used the so-called "Sun and Seas Flag", consisting of a circular orange "sun" atop a blue field with four wavy white lines. After control was retaken by the United Kingdom from 1962 to 1966, following the dissolution of the West Indies Federation, the Barbadian legislature made their case for independence. Barbados became an independent nation on 30 November 1966. At midnight on that day, the modern-day flag came into effect as the first official flag of an independent Barbados and was raised for the first time in a ceremony by Lieutenant Hartley Dottin, a member of the Barbados Regiment.
The design of the flag was created by Grantley W. Prescod, an art teacher, and was chosen as the winner of an open competition arranged by the Barbados government and judged by seven individuals. Over one thousand entries were received, with the exact number being 1,029. He was awarded a $500 cash prize, which was donated to a popular newspaper publishing company, a scroll from the Barbadian government, and a gold medal. In addition to designing the flag, Prescod also constructed the first physical flag, at the request of Prime Minister Errol Barrow. After choosing fabrics of the right colors at a department store, Prescod made "approximately seven flags".
Design
The flag consists of a triband of two bands of ultramarine, which are said to stand for the ocean surrounding the country and the sky, though some sources attribute both blue stripes to be representing the ocean. The blue stripes are separated by a golden middle band, which represents the sand. A black trident head, commonly called the broken trident, is centred in the golden band, and the fact that the staff is missing is significant. The trident symbol was taken from Barbados' colonial badge, where the trident of Poseidon is shown with Britannia holding it. The broken lower part symbolises a symbolic break from its status as a colony. The three points of the trident represent the three principles of democracy: government of the people, government for the people, and government by the people.
The official British Standard colour code numbers for the flag are:
Ultramarine — BCC 148, Gold — BS O/002.
Historical and variant flags
From its independence in 1966, Barbados had standards for Queen Elizabeth II, as well as the governor-general and prime minister. The first of these consisted of a yellow field with a blue circular disk containing the letter "E" and a crown in the centre, surrounded by gold roses; this device is displayed on Elizabeth II's personal flag. This logo is placed atop a giant bearded fig (Ficus citrifolia), and a pride of Barbados flower (Caesalpinia pulcherrima) is displayed in each upper corner. This flag was used only when the Queen was visiting the nation or representing them abroad as their head of state. The standard of the governor-general is a navy blue field with St Edward's Crown in the centre; atop the crown sits a lion which is itself crowned, and below the crown is displayed a banner which reads "BARBADOS". Both of these flags were retired when Barbados gained full independence and ceased to be a Commonwealth realm, instead becoming a republic effective 30 November 2021.
The standard of the prime minister consists of the coat of arms within a white circle at the flag's centre. From the upper-left to the lower-right of the flag runs a black- and white-striped rope, which fimbriates the white circle and the line dividing the portion of the field coloured blue and the portion of the field coloured yellow. This flag was introduced with the first prime minister in 1966 and is still in use. The standard of the president is noticeably simpler; it consists only of a dark navy field with the coat of arms in the centre, surrounded by a wreath of gold flowers. Just below the arms is a small version of the "broken trident" symbol, coloured gold.
The Barbadian naval ensign follows much the same pattern as that of the United Kingdom, the White Ensign; rather than a Union Jack, the canton is occupied by the national flag of Barbados. The Barbados Defence Force, the nation's combined armed forces, has its own flag as well, consisting of the organisation's logo atop a green field.
See also
National symbols of Barbados
List of Barbadian flags
References
External links
National flags
Flag
Flags adopted through competition
Flags introduced in 1966
Poseidon
The Dongle of Donald Trefusis is "a mixture of podcast, audiobook and radio monologue" written and read by Stephen Fry. It stars Fry as himself, who receives an inheritance from his (fictional) former university tutor, Donald Trefusis, who has recently died. The inheritance includes a USB drive or "dongle", which contains messages from Trefusis to Fry from beyond the grave. The series began in 2009 and was planned to run to 12 episodes, but only three episodes were released.
Setting
The series is the first to feature the character of Trefusis, who also appeared as a character in Fry's first novel, The Liar, and made a series of appearances on the BBC Radio 4 programme Loose Ends.
Availability and success
The first episode was made available to download on 26 May 2009.
Episodes were originally scheduled to be released on Tuesdays every fortnight in 2009, from 26 May to 27 October. However, Fry announced at the beginning of Episode 3 that he was too busy to maintain a fortnightly schedule, and removed the release date information from his website. As of May 2020, there had been no further news on release dates of subsequent episodes.
Plot
In the first episode, Fry talks about the life of Trefusis, his former tutor and professor of Philology at the fictional St Matthew's College, Cambridge, and the relationship shared by the two. After The Liar and Loose Ends, the two made little contact, with Fry sending him emails and Trefusis writing postcards in return. While Fry was filming in Madagascar, he learnt that Trefusis has died and has left him something in his will.
Fry goes to the solicitors in charge of the will, "Hodgman, Hodgman, Hodgman, Hodgman and Hodgman" - none of whom are related to each other, and discovers that what is left to him is Trefusis' collection of essays and the books in his vast library. Fry is also given a key, which he uses to open a drawer of a desk in Trefusis' library which contains an 8Gb USB drive. Fry puts the dongle into his computer and finds a collection of mp3 files, which contain messages by Trefusis to Fry.
It is revealed that messages are part of a puzzle which Trefusis is guiding Fry and those listening through. Each episode features a series of clues, with extra information being posted on a Twitter account Trefusis has created.
Production
The series is made by Fry's own production company SamFry Ltd. and hosted by the Independent Online Distribution Alliance (IODA).
See also
Stephen Fry's Podgrams
References
External links
Audio podcasts
Comedy and humor podcasts
Audiobooks by title or series
Spoken word albums by English artists
Monologues
University of Cambridge in fiction
2009 podcast debuts
2009 podcast endings
Monologue podcasts
The Ramparts are a mountain range in the Canadian Rockies. Part of the Park Ranges, they straddle the Continental Divide and lie partly within Jasper National Park in Alberta and Mount Robson Provincial Park in British Columbia.
There are 10 named summits in the group, the highest of which is Mount Geikie. Most were named by the Alpine Club of Canada and carry military engineering themed names such as Bastion, Parapet, Redoubt, and Dungeon. They form a western boundary for the Tonquin Valley. Amethyst Lake lies to the east, while the headwaters of the Fraser River bound it to the west.
References
Mountain ranges of British Columbia
Mountain ranges of Alberta
Ranges of the Canadian Rockies
Mount Robson Provincial Park
Rupinderpal Singh Dhillon or Roop Dhillon (Punjabi: ਰੂਪਿੰਦਰਪਾਲ ਸਿੰਘ ਢਿੱਲੋਂ, born 1969) is a British Punjabi writer of fiction and poetry.
Early life and education
Dhillon was born in West London and initially raised in Southall. He studied at Oxford Brookes University and De Montfort University and is an accountant. He has been living in Reigate since the mid 2000s.
Writing career
Originally intending to write an English novel based on the life of Maharaja Ranjit Singh in the mode of Alexandre Dumas, Dhillon became interested in writing in Punjabi after learning the Gurmukhi alphabet in his thirties. His debut novel, Neela Noor, was published in 2007. He writes in the locally spoken form of the language whose syntax is influenced by English; sometimes called 'Punglish', it had not previously been written down. His work is mainly influenced by Western literature and confronts social issues including racism, gender bias and incest. Bharind (The Hornet) is a collection of short stories and poetry. In his later novels such as the experimental gothic novel O, he employs a genre he calls Vachitarvaad, which encompasses science fiction, fantasy, horror and magical realism.
Dhillon is a member of the Punjabi Writers Sahit Kendar in Southall and Baagi Batti, a British Asian group of writers who choose to write in their heritage language. He has been working on Chita Te Kala ( The White and The Black) for the last few years which has now been published. His Science fiction novel Sindhbaad ( ਸਿੰਧਬਾਦ) was released in 2020 and uses the lens of science fiction to examine the complexities of Punjabi society's attitude towards women, caste and religion using alien species to represent the religious groups that make up Punjabis. As a result Roop was awarded the Shivcharan Singh Gill Trust Award 2020 (ਸ਼ਿਵਚਰਨ ਸਿੰਘ ਗਿੱਲ ਟਰੱਸਟ ਸਾਊਥਾਲ 2020) for his contributions to Punjabi Literature. He has written a novel, Nagaan Dee Khed, set in the world of espionage with Covid and the Andolan ( Farmer's Protest in 2020/2021 in Delhi) as the background. He is currently working on a horror novel , Haul ਹੌਲ਼) and a collection of Magical Realism short stories ( ਖ਼ਤ).
Works
Nila Noor, The Blue Light, 2007, ()
Beghar Baagh, The Homeless Leopard, 2009
Kaldaar, The Robot, 2010
Barcelona: Ghar Vaapasi, 2010
Bharind - The Hornet, 2011, Lahore Publishers, Ludhiana
O, 2015, Lokgreet Parkashan, Chandigarh
Gunda - The Gangster, 2014, Khushjeevan Kitabaan, London
Samurai, 2018, Gracious Books, Patiala ()
Sindbad', 2020, Khushjeevan Kitabaan, London ()Chita Te Kala', 2022, Avis Publications, Delhi ()
References
1969 births
Living people
Punjabi-language writers
People from Southall
William Hutchinson (1856–1880) was a rugby union international who represented England from 1876 to 1877.
Early life
William Hutchinson was born on 1856 in .
Rugby union career
Hutchinson attended and played his club rugby for the Royal Indian Engineering College (Cooper's Hill). He was selected to play for England in 1876 and made his international debut on 6 March 1876 at The Oval in the England vs Scotland match. His debut was described as "a very brilliant first appearance" and he was described as a first-rate half-back, a quick starter, with a very fair amount of pace, an unselfish player, and good tackle. His second and final match was on 5 February 1877 at The Oval in the England vs Ireland match. This match was the first international to be played with fifteen a-side, making Hutchinson one of the few players to have played international matches in both 20 and 15 a-side eras. Eight minutes into the match Hutchinson ran in for a try and later scored again, making him England's record try scorer at that point.
Hutchinson's military career was to take him to India and it was this which curtailed his rugby playing career. Whilst in India, he died in 1880.
References
1856 births
1880 deaths
English rugby union players
England international rugby union players
Rugby union halfbacks
RIE College RFC players
Alumni of the Royal Indian Engineering College
Moon Buggy may refer to:
Lunar Roving Vehicle (LRV), the rover vehicle of the NASA Apollo program in the 1970s
NASA Great Moonbuggy Race, a competition for young students to build and ride a foldable 3- to 4-wheel human powered vehicle for 2 riders, since 1994 in Huntsville, Alabama
One of the playable vehicles in Twisted Metal 4, videogame
A rover vehicle that appeared in the 1971 Diamonds Are Forever film
See also
Buggy (disambiguation)
The Roman Catholic Church in Mozambique is composed of three ecclesiastical provinces and 9 suffragan dioceses.
List of dioceses
Episcopal Conference of Mozambique
Ecclesiastical Province of Beira
Archdiocese of Beira
Diocese of Chimoio
Diocese of Quelimane
Diocese of Tete
Ecclesiastical Province of Maputo
Archdiocese of Maputo
Diocese of Inhambane
Diocese of Xai-Xai
Ecclesiastical Province of Nampula
Archdiocese of Nampula
Diocese of Gurué
Diocese of Lichinga
Diocese of Nacala
Diocese of Pemba
External links
GCatholic.org.
Mozambique
Catholic dioceses
Oxford is a town in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, Canada. It is east of Amherst. The town is directly serviced by Routes 104, 204, 301, and 321. Despite its small size and demographic, Oxford is the world's largest processor and distributor of individually quick frozen (IQF) wild blueberries.
History
Oxford was founded in 1792 by settler Richard Thompson. The name "Oxford" is derived from the shallow river that was used to enter the town. Early settlers used oxen to cross, or "ford", the river, and thus derived the town's name.
Geography
Oxford is located at the junctions of three rivers, the largest of which is River Philip. Much of the town lies in a floodplain and floods are common during the springtime. Salt Lake is located between the Black River Road and the Trans Canada Highway. A series of swamps and meadows connect this lake to the River Philip.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Oxford had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Industry
Oxford is considered the wild blueberry capital of Canada as it is centred in a large blueberry growing region. Oxford Frozen Foods Ltd., a wild blueberry processor, is the largest employer in the town, processing up to three million pounds of berries a day during peak season. The plant and over 12,000 acres of blueberry land are owned by local businessman, John Bragg, who added in 2014 another 15,700 acres in the Acadian region of northern New Brunswick.
Historically, the town was home to a vibrant manufacturing industry with a woollen mill and foundry being key employers.
Transportation
Centrally located in Cumberland County, Oxford is well connected to the provincial and national road network.
The Trans Canada Highway (Highway 104) passed near just south of the town and provincial routes 204, 301, and 321 all travel through town via Pugwash Road, Birchwood Road, Water Street, Upper/Lower Main Street and Little River Road.
In terms of public transport, the town is serviced by Maritime Bus, which stops at the Irving gas station not far off the highway.
Historically, the town had freight and passenger rail service via CN's Oxford Subdivision, known locally as the 'Short Line', which ran from Oxford Junction to Stellarton. Passenger service was discontinued in 1960 and the line was abandoned in the 1990s.
The abandoned rail line has been reborn as a part of the Trans Canada Trail system. This section of the trail extends 127-km (78-mi) from Oxford to Pictou. It winds through farms, fields and forests for all season recreational use.
Local magician Graham Black often provides transport and stories about his donkey.
See also
List of municipalities in Nova Scotia
Oxford Regional High School
Footnotes
External links
Official Oxford website
Communities in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia
Towns in Nova Scotia
Populated places established in 1791
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
George Brinton McClellan Rooks (born George Brinton Mc Clellan Ruckser) (October 21, 1863 – March 11, 1935), was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He played for the Boston Beaneaters of the National League in five games during the 1891 baseball season.
References
External links
1863 births
1935 deaths
Major League Baseball outfielders
Boston Beaneaters players
Baseball players from Chicago
19th-century baseball players
Lincoln Tree Planters players
LaCrosse Freezers players
Lima Lushers players
Chicago Maroons players
Detroit Wolverines (minor league) players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Evansville Hoosiers players
Grand Rapids Shamrocks players
Ishpeming-Nagaunee Unions players
Saginaw Alerts players
Marquette Undertakers players
is a mountain located on the Kunisaki Peninsula in Ōita Prefecture, Kyūshū, Japan.
References
Mountains of Ōita Prefecture
James Martin Bell (October 16, 1796 – April 4, 1849) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1833 to 1835.
Biography
Born in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania, Bell attended the public schools.
He studied law in Steubenville, Ohio.
He was admitted to the bar in 1817 and commenced practice in Cambridge, Ohio.
He served as major general of the Fifteenth Division, Ohio Militia.
He served as prosecuting attorney of Guernsey County 1818–1832.
He served as member of the State house of representatives 1826–1831, serving as speaker in 1830 and 1831.
He served as master commissioner in 1827.
He was in the Justice of the Peace in 1830.
County school examiner in 1830.
Congress
Bell was elected as an Anti-Jacksonian to the Twenty-third Congress (March 4, 1833 – March 3, 1835).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1834 to the Twenty-fourth Congress.
Career after Congress
He resumed the practice of law.
He served as mayor of Cambridge from 1838 to 1840.
Death
He died in Cambridge, Ohio, on April 4, 1849.
He was interred in Founders' Burial Ground.
Sources
1796 births
1849 deaths
People from Cambridge, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Speakers of the Ohio House of Representatives
American militia generals
County district attorneys in Ohio
Mayors of places in Ohio
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
In molecular biology, the cyclase-associated protein family (CAP) is a family of highly conserved actin-binding proteins present in a wide range of organisms including yeast, flies, plants, and mammals. CAPs are multifunctional proteins that contain several structural domains. CAP is involved in species-specific signalling pathways. In Drosophila, CAP functions in Hedgehog-mediated eye development and in establishing oocyte polarity. In Dictyostelium discoideum (social amoeba), CAP is involved in microfilament reorganisation near the plasma membrane in a PIP2-regulated manner and is required to perpetuate the cAMP relay signal to organise fruitbody formation. In plants, CAP is involved in plant signalling pathways required for co-ordinated organ expansion. In yeast, CAP is involved in adenylate cyclase activation, as well as in vesicle trafficking and endocytosis. In both yeast and mammals, CAPs appear to be involved in recycling G-actin monomers from ADF/cofilins for subsequent rounds of filament assembly. In mammals, there are two different CAPs (CAP1 and CAP2) that share 64% amino acid identity.
Function
All CAPs appear to contain a C-terminal actin-binding domain that regulates actin remodelling in response to cellular signals and is required for normal cellular morphology, cell division, growth and locomotion in eukaryotes. CAP directly regulates actin filament dynamics and has been implicated in a number of complex developmental and morphological processes, including mRNA localisation and the establishment of cell polarity. Actin exists both as globular (G) (monomeric) actin subunits and assembled into filamentous (F) actin. In cells, actin cycles between these two forms. Proteins that bind F-actin often regulate F-actin assembly and its interaction with other proteins, while proteins that interact with G-actin often control the availability of unpolymerised actin.
The most conserved domain of CAPs appears to be the ADP-G-actin binding CARP domain which promotes nucleotide exchange of actin monomers from ADP-state back to polymerisable ATP-form. Recently, the crystal structure of CARP domain bound to ADP-actin was determined, which revealed that CAPs have a unique dimeric binding mode to backside of ADP-G-actin monomers. Based on the crystal structure and biochemical work, the C-terminus of CARP domain appears to be important in regulating the binding to ADP-G-actin monomers to CAP, and has a conserved role for nucleotide exchange on actin monomers. Genetic work in Saccharomyches ceravisae revealed that nucleotide exchange performed by CAP is critical for normal organisation of actin cytoskeleton.
A second unique function of CAP in regulating actin dynamics is its ability to specifically bind to pointed ends of cofilin-decorated actin filaments, and rapidly drive their depolymerisation. CAP thus is a specialised protein in recycling of actin monomers, by first rapidly dissociating ADP-actin monomers from the pointed end of actin filaments, then simultaneously driving ADP-to-ATP nucleotide exchange to make actin monomers assembly-competent.
In addition to actin-binding, CAPs can have additional roles, and may act as bifunctional proteins. In Saccharomyces cerevisiae (Baker's yeast), CAP is a component of the adenylyl cyclase complex (Cyr1p) that serves as an effector of Ras during normal cell signalling. S. cerevisiae CAP functions to expose adenylate cyclase binding sites to Ras, thereby enabling adenylate cyclase to be activated by Ras regulatory signals. In Schizosaccharomyces pombe (Fission yeast), CAP is also required for adenylate cyclase activity, but not through the Ras pathway. In both organisms, the N-terminal domain is responsible for adenylate cyclase activation, but the S. cerevisiae and S. pombe N-termini cannot complement one another. Yeast CAPs are unique among the CAP family of proteins, because they are the only ones to directly interact with and activate adenylate cyclase. S. cerevisiae CAP has four major domains. In addition to the N-terminal adenylate cyclase-interacting domain, and the C-terminal actin-binding domain, it possesses two other domains: a proline-rich domain that interacts with Src homology 3 (SH3) domains of specific proteins, and a domain that is responsible for CAP oligomerisation to form multimeric complexes (although oligomerisation appears to involve the N- and C-terminal domains as well). The proline-rich domain interacts with profilin, a protein that catalyses nucleotide exchange on G-actin monomers and promotes addition to barbed ends of filamentous F-actin. Since CAP can bind profilin via a proline-rich domain, and G-actin via a C-terminal domain, it has been suggested that a ternary G-actin/CAP/profilin complex could be formed.
Structure
The N-terminal domain has an all-alpha structure consisting of six helices in a bundle with a left-handed twist and an up-and-down topology.
The C-terminal domain is responsible for G-actin-binding. This domain has a superhelical structure, where the superhelix turns are made of two beta-strands each.
References
Protein families
Mahendra Dhoj G.C. () is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Nepali Congress. In the 2008 Constituent Assembly election he was elected from the Nawalparasi-2 constituency, winning 12166 votes. He has been engaged in politics since his early 20s, and has been continuously engaged ever since. In the last Constitutional Assembly he was the Parliamentary Secretary of the Nepali Congress Party. He has engaged his entire life in social service, spearheading many development projects in the villages, and is the most popular leader of Nepali Congress Party in Nawalparasi District.
References
Living people
Nepali Congress politicians from Gandaki Province
Year of birth missing (living people)
Members of the 1st Nepalese Constituent Assembly
Host Island () is an island lying immediately southeast of Manciple Island in the Wauwermans Islands, in the Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica. It was shown on an Argentine government chart of 1950. The island was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1958 after The Host, one of the characters in Chaucer's The Canterbury Tales.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of the Wilhelm Archipelago
Dream Police may refer to:
Dream Police, a 1979 album by Cheap Trick
"Dream Police" (song), a 1979 song by Cheap Trick
Dream Police (comics), a comic by J. Michael Straczynski
Dream Police (Scottish band), a Scottish rock band established in 1968
Dream Police (Norwegian band), a Norwegian rock band established in 1989
"The Dream Police", a Gary Numan song produced in 1978 from Tubeway Army
The Dream Police, a collection of poetry by Dennis Cooper
Aud the Deep-Minded or Auðr the Deep-Minded may refer to:
Auðr the Deep-Minded (Ívarsdóttir), 7th/8th century Norse princess
Aud the Deep-Minded (Ketilsdóttir), 9th century settler in Iceland
See also
Aud (disambiguation)#People (for other people with the same name)
"Heaven" is the debut single of American rock band Los Lonely Boys. The song was written by brothers Henry, Jojo and Ringo Garza, who comprise the foundation of the band, and it appears on their multi-platinum self-titled album.
Reception
Released as a single on January 26, 2004, "Heaven" reached the top 40 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart, peaking at 16 in August. Later that year, the song began a sixteen-week run at number one on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart in October. It was also a minor hit at country radio, where it peaked at number 46.
AllMusic reviewer Thom Jurek describes the song as "infectious" and draws comparisons to the music of Freddie King, Stevie Ray Vaughan and Los Lobos. He states that "Heaven" is "a single in the old sense of the word: killer hook, easy groove, a slippery but unmistakable bridge with a beautiful vocal to boot -- all coming in under four minutes."
Awards
The success of "Heaven" led to two Grammy Award nominations and one win for the band at the 47th Grammy Awards, held in early 2005. The song won in the category Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal, while Los Lonely Boys were nominated in the category Best New Artist, losing out to Maroon 5.
Track listing
US and UK CD single
"Heaven" (album version)
"Heaven" (live acoustic version)
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
In popular culture
In later 2004, the song was covered by the Christian Latin rock band Salvador for their album: So Natural. The cover received heavy radio play on Christian radio.
The song is featured in the 2008 Nintendo DS game Guitar Hero: On Tour with a completely different guitar track.
Bo Bice performed "Heaven" as part of the fourth season of American Idol in May 2005, which led to a 77% increase in sales for Los Lonely Boys' self-titled album the week following this performance.
The song is featured in the TNT television show Saving Grace, at the end of season one, episode one.
References
See also
List of Billboard Adult Contemporary number ones of 2004 and 2005 (U.S).
2004 singles
2004 songs
Epic Records singles
Los Lonely Boys songs
Macaronic songs
Sir Timothy Alan Davan Sainsbury (born 11 June 1932) is a Conservative politician and businessman in the United Kingdom.
Early life
Sainsbury is the youngest son of Alan Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury, and his wife Doreen. His elder brothers are Lord Sainsbury of Preston Candover, a former Chairman of Sainsbury's, and the late Simon Sainsbury. Lord Sainsbury of Turville, a former Labour Minister for Science, is a cousin.
His great-grandparents, John James Sainsbury and Mary Ann Staples, established a grocer's at 173 Drury Lane in 1869, which became the British supermarket chain Sainsbury's.
Education
Sainsbury was educated at Sandroyd School, Eton College, and Worcester College, Oxford.
Business career
Tim Sainsbury joined Sainsbury's in 1956. In 1959 he became deputy to Fred Salisbury (the first non-Sainsbury director of the company). He was appointed Director of Estates, Architects and Engineers in 1962. In this role he was in charge of converting all the remaining counter service shops to self-service, and modernising the earlier self-service shops.
When the Company listed on the London Stock Exchange on 12 July 1973, as J Sainsbury plc, his family at the time kept control with an 85% stake. Whilst his cousin, David Sainsbury, inherited his father Robert Sainsbury's entire 18% shareholding, Tim Sainsbury had to split his father Alan Sainsbury's 18% stake with his brothers JD Sainsbury and Simon Sainsbury, and so they held 6% each. It is believed that Sir Robert Sainsbury gave David Sainsbury his entire shareholding (rather than split it between David and his three daughters) so that David would have more votes at the table, considering John Davan Sainsbury, who became Chairman in 1969 on Sir Robert Sainsbury's retirement, had a forceful, autocratic style of leadership, whereas David was always more cautious.
Tim Sainsbury stepped down from the board in 1983 to further pursue his career in politics. In 1992 his brother JD Sainsbury retired and was succeeded as chairman and chief executive by his cousin, David Sainsbury. Tesco overtook Sainsbury's to become the UK's largest supermarket chain in 1995. As a result, it is believed that JD Sainsbury asked Tim to re-join Sainsbury's as a non-executive director in 1995 to support David.
David stepped down in 1998 to pursue a career in politics, and in 1999, Tim stepped down as non-executive director, meaning no member of the Sainsbury family now works for the Company. At the time he vowed "to remain a major and committed shareholder."
On 13 January 2006, the company was notified that Sir Timothy Sainsbury no longer has a notifiable interest in the company's issued share capital, such interest now being below 3%. His wife, who had held the other half of his 6% stake, dropped her interest in Sainsbury's below 3% the previous week.
As of August 2009, Tim Sainsbury together with his wife were still thought to own just under 3% of the retailer. The Sainsbury family as a whole control approximately 15% of Sainsbury's.
In the Sunday Times Rich List 2008 his family fortune was estimated at £1.3 billion.
Political career
Sainsbury was Conservative Member of Parliament for Hove from 1973 to 1997, and served as a junior minister, holding a number of Ministerial posts in the previous Conservative administration including those of Minister of State for Trade (1990–92) and Minister for Industry (1992–94). He was President of the Hove Conservative Association from 1998 until 2002 and was President of the Conservative Friends of Israel from 1997 until 2005. He is a Patron of the Tory Reform Group. In 2019 he announced his intention to vote Liberal Democrat at the general election.
Charitable works
Sainsbury and his two brothers funded an extension to the National Gallery at a cost of around £50 million, which opened in 1991 as the Sainsbury Wing.
He was Chairman of the Somerset House Trust from 1997 until 2002, and was president of a £25m campaign for Worcester College, Oxford.
He was appointed as a trustee of the Victoria and Albert Museum on 17 December 2003 and was re-appointed on 17 December 2007. Tim Sainsbury is Chairman of the V&A's International Council, which aims to secure major donations for the FuturePlan.
Family
He has two daughters, Camilla (born 1962) and Jessica (born 1970), and two sons, James (born 1962) and Alexander (born 1968). Camilla was married until late 2015 to Shaun Woodward (an MP who defected from the Conservative Party to Labour). Jessica is married to Peter Frankopan.
Honours
In 1992 he was appointed a Member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom, giving him the honorific title "The Right Honourable".
In the 1995 New Year Honours list he was awarded a knighthood. This entitles him to be referred to as "Sir Timothy Sainsbury".
References
The Sainsbury Archive: Tim Sainsbury
External links
1932 births
Living people
English people of Dutch-Jewish descent
Alumni of Worcester College, Oxford
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
People educated at Eton College
People educated at Sandroyd School
Tim Sainsbury
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
Knights Bachelor
Politicians awarded knighthoods
Jewish British politicians
Politicians from Brighton and Hove
Sons of life peers
The Fargo-Moorhead Beez was a professional basketball club based in Fargo, North Dakota that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 1995-1996 season. They were the 1995-1996 and the 1997-1998 International Basketball Association champions.
The team joined the Continental Basketball Association in 2001 when the IBA folded, along with IBA rivals, the Dakota Wizards and the Saskatchewan Hawks. In their one and only CBA season, the Beez made the play-offs and faced off in a best-of-5 series with the Dakota Wizards for the National Conference Championship. The Wizards, however, won the series 3-0 and went on to become the 2002 CBA Champions. The Beez folded that following summer.
Notable former players include Chris "Birdman" Andersen, Tony Dunkin, and Ime Udoka (Boston Celtics head coach).
References
External links
Defunct basketball teams in the United States
Sports in Fargo, North Dakota
Basketball teams in North Dakota
Defunct sports teams in North Dakota
Basketball teams established in 1995
Sport clubs disestablished in 2002
1995 establishments in North Dakota
2002 disestablishments in North Dakota
Padhant in Hindustani classical music or Indian classical dance refers to the recitation of rhythmic syllables, known as bol, during a performance. The term is derived from the Hindi word padhna, meaning "to read, study or recite". Padhant is closely associated with the percussion instrument tabla and the classical dance Kathak, and the recitation of rhythmic patterns before playing them is considered an art in itself. The dancer in Kathak would pause at intervals to recite the rhythms before executing them through dance. The recitation is often accompanied by hand gestures. The recited syllables are also used in storytelling, creating an atmosphere or inducing a mood in the audience; for example, in a performance of Kalidasa's Meghaduta (Cloud Messenger), the sounds ghe-ghe-thi-ta can signify a rumble of clouds or, its expanded version, the arrival of clouds. In Carnatic music, a similar concept is called konnakol.
References
External links
A documentary on the art of Padhant
Indian classical music
Hindustani music terminology
Daniil Medvedev was the defending champion, but withdrew before his first match.
Alex de Minaur won his first ATP Tour title, defeating Andreas Seppi in the final, 7–5, 7–6(7–5).
Seeds
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Lucky losers
Qualifying draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
References
External links
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Men's Singles
The Lakenheath-Bentwaters Incident was a series of radar and visual contacts with unidentified flying objects over airbases in eastern England on the night of 13–14 August 1956, involving personnel from the Royal Air Force (RAF) and the United States Air Force (USAF). The incident has since gained some prominence in the literature of ufology and the popular media.
The final report of the Condon Committee, which otherwise concluded that UFOs were simple misidentifications of natural phenomena or aircraft, took an unusual position on the case: "In conclusion, although conventional or natural explanations certainly cannot be ruled out, the probability of such seems low in this case and the probability that at least one genuine UFO was involved appears to be fairly high". It has, however, also been argued that the incidents can be explained by false radar returns and misidentification of astronomical phenomena.
The incident
The commonly cited sequence of events is recorded in the original Project Blue Book file by the USAF, subsequently analysed by the Condon Committee's report and by atmospheric physicist James E. McDonald.
The incident began at the USAF-tenanted RAF Bentwaters, Suffolk, on the evening of 13 August 1956. This was a dry, largely clear night with, observers noted, an unusually large number of shooting stars, associated with the Perseid meteor shower.
At 21:30, radar operators at the base tracked a target, appearing similar to a normal aircraft return, approaching the base from the sea at an apparent speed of several thousand miles per hour. They also tracked a group of targets moving slowly to the north-east which merged into a single very large return (several times the strength of that from a B-36) before moving off the scope to the north, as well as a further rapid target proceeding from east to west.
A T-33 trainer from the 512th Fighter Interceptor Squadron, crewed by 1st Lieutenants Charles Metz and Andrew Rowe, was directed to investigate the radar contacts, but saw nothing. No visual sightings of the objects were made from Bentwaters in this period with the exception of a single amber star-like object which was subsequently identified as probably being Mars, then low in the south-east.
At 22:55, a target was detected approaching Bentwaters from the east at a speed estimated around . It faded from the scope as it passed over the base (possibly suggesting anomalous propagation as a source for the target, although ground-based radars almost always have a blind spot overhead), reappearing to the west. However, as it passed overhead a rapidly moving white light was observed from the ground, while the pilot of a C-47 at over Bentwaters reported that a similar light had passed beneath his aircraft. At this point, Bentwaters alerted the U.S.-tenanted RAF Lakenheath base, to the north-west, to look out for the targets. Ground personnel at Lakenheath made visual sightings of several luminous objects, including two which arrived, made a sharp change in course, and appeared to merge before moving off. The angular size of these objects was compared to that of a golf ball at arm's length, and they were stated to dwindle to pinpoint size as they moved away, an observation which seemed to rule out a bolide or bright meteor.
The final phase of the incident was described in some detail by Technical Sergeant Forrest Perkins, who was the Watch Supervisor in the Lakenheath Radar Air Traffic Control centre, and who wrote directly to the Condon Committee in 1968. Perkins claimed that two RAF De Havilland Venom interceptors were scrambled and directed towards a radar target near Lakenheath. The pilot of the first Venom achieved contact, but then found that the target manoeuvred behind him and chased the aircraft for a period of around 10 minutes despite the latter's taking violent evasive action; Perkins characterised the pilot as "getting worried, excited and also pretty scared". The second Venom was forced to return to its home station due to engine problems; Perkins stated that the target remained on their screens for a short period before leaving on a northerly heading.
Investigation by the Condon Committee
The Condon Committee included the case in its analysis largely in response to Perkins' letter. Aside from the Blue Book file, it was able to obtain a previous classified teleprinter message, transmitted three days after the incident, from 3910th Air Base Group to Air Defence Command at Ent AFB; the teleprinter message's description of the events, including the 'chase' episode, largely agreed with that of Perkins.
Based on the information available, the Committee's researcher (Thayer) felt that while anomalous propagation was possible, the lack of other targets on radar scopes at the time made it unlikely. Focusing on the later phase of the incident at Lakenheath, he came to the remarkable conclusion that "this is the most puzzling and unusual case in the radar-visual files. The apparently rational, intelligent behavior of the UFO suggests a mechanical device of unknown origin as the most probable explanation of this sighting".
Aviation journalist and noted UFO skeptic Philip J. Klass concluded, however, that the incident could be explained as a combination of false radar returns and misperceptions of meteors from the Perseid stream.
The account of Freddie Wimbledon and a further civilian witness
Little information emerged on the case until the late 1970s, when an article in the Daily Express, and a subsequent piece by astronomer Ian Ridpath in the Sunday Times, produced further witnesses. Flight Lieutenant Freddie Wimbledon wrote to the Sunday Times on 19 March 1978 contesting Ridpath's statement that the incident had effectively been explained by Klass.
Wimbledon had been the radar controller on duty at RAF Neatishead at the time of the sightings. While his account of events agreed with that of Perkins in some details, including the description of the aircraft being apparently chased by the object, he stated that it had in fact been his team who directed the two Venoms to the interception and that the U.S. personnel at Lakenheath would have been merely 'listening in'. Wimbledon disagreed with Klass' analysis, remembering the incident as involving a solid radar return tracked from three sets on the ground and one in the intercepting aircraft.
The same 1978 press interest in the case also elicited a letter from a John Killock to the Daily Express in which he claimed to have seen, in August 1956, both a single, rapidly traveling white light at Ely, along with a Venom, and subsequently an odd group of amber lights.
Recent research
Four British Fortean researchers, Dr. David Clarke, Andy Roberts, Martin Shough, and Jenny Randles, have since conducted a study that has indicated that the incident, or incidents, were much more complex than the Condon Report had suggested.
Most significantly, the aircrews originally involved in the incident, Flying Officers David Chambers and John Brady from the first aircraft and Flying Officers Ian Fraser-Ker and Ivan Logan from the second, were located and interviewed. The aircrews involved all flew with 23 Squadrons from RAF Waterbeach and were scrambled at 02:00 and 02:40 on 14 August – around two hours later than Wimbledon and Perkins claimed the interceptions occurred.
In contrast to the reports given in the original classified teleprinter message and in the accounts of both Wimbledon and Perkins, the aircrews both stated that the radar contacts obtained were unimpressive and that no 'tail-chase', or action on the part of the target, occurred. They also asserted no visual contacts were made. The first pilot, Chambers, commented that "my feeling is that there was nothing there, it was some sort of mistake", while Ivan Logan, the second Venom's navigator, stated that "all we saw was a blip which rather indicated a stationary target". At the time 23 Squadrons decided that the radar contact had, if anything, been with a weather balloon.
To add to the contradictory nature of the accounts collected, another Venom crew was traced who had been scrambled much earlier in the evening. Flying Officers Leslie Arthur and Grahame Scofield were not told of the nature of their target and were forced to return to base after the aircraft's wingtip fuel tanks malfunctioned; Scofield recalled listening in to the radio communications of the intercepting pilots while back at Waterbeach later in the evening. Scofield's account of the overheard radio transmissions agreed, puzzlingly, with those of Wimbledon and Perkins, though he felt able to identify the crews as Chambers / Brady and Fraser-Ker / Logan. The time and path of Scofield's flight was identified as one which could also convincingly explain the sighting of a Venom at Ely by the civilian, Killock, who had claimed to see anomalous lights.
The new research additionally revealed that 23 Squadron's Commanding Officer, Wing Commander (later Air Commodore) A. N. Davis, had also been diverted to investigate the radar returns while flying a Venom from RAF Coltishall. As the interception would have occurred at the same time as that described by Wimbledon and Perkins, it has been suggested that Davis and another pilot were the two described in their accounts.
Since the officers and pilots did not make visual contact with the objects, the most likely conclusion is that radar spoofing technology was being tested. Radar spoofing Radar jamming and deception is a technique used particularly by militaries to create false targets on radar.
See also
Rendlesham Forest incident
References
1956 in England
Suffolk folklore
UFO sightings in England
August 1956 events in the United Kingdom
20th century in Suffolk
Major Mukul Deva (Retd.) (born 29 January 1961) is an Indian polymath. Based in Singapore, he is a motivational keynote speaker, executive coach, business mentor and bestselling author. He writes spy-military thrillers on terrorism, action, crime as well as business and self-help books.
An alumnus of La Martiniere College, Lucknow, the National Defence Academy, Khadakvasla and the Indian Military Academy, Dehradoon, Mukul, an ex-Indian Army officer, is the founder-director of a professional security company, MSD Security Pvt Ltd, India, and a learning & organisational development company, Influence Solutions Pte Ltd, Singapore.
Bibliography
His works include:
"Time After Time", (Minerva Press, 2000),
"S.T.R.I.P.T.E.A.S.E. - The Art of Corporate Warfare", (Penguin, 2002 & Marshall Cavendish, 2012)
"M.O.D.E.L. The Return of the Employee", (Sage, 2006 / Cerunnos 2019)
"Women In Cinema", (HarperCollins, 2007) - co-authored with Wanti Singh
"Laskhar", (HarperCollins 2008),
"Salim Must Die", (HarperCollins, 2009)
"Blowback", (HarperCollins, 2010)
"Tanzeem", (HarperCollins, 2011)
"The Dust Will Never Settle", (HarperCollins, 2012)
"R.I.P.", (Westland, 2012)
"Weapon of Vengeance" (TOR, USA, 2012)
"F.C.U.K. Your Way to Success", (Marshall Cavendish & Westland, 2013)
"And Death Came Calling", (HarperCollins, 2014)
"The Garud Strikes", (Westland, 2014)
"Assassins", (TOR, USA, 2015)
"Pound of Flesh", (Westland, 2016)
"Make Success A Habit", (Armour, 2017)
"Rise Through The Ranks", (Influence Solutions, 2019) - co-authored with Karen Leong and Wendy McDonald.
See also
List of Indian writers
References
External links
Mukul Deva's website
The story behind Weapon of Vengeance - Essay by Mukul Deva at Upcoming4.me
Indian male novelists
Living people
1961 births
Birkhead is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Edith Birkhead, lecturer in English Literature at the University of Bristol and a Noble Fellow at the University of Liverpool
George Birkhead (died 1614), English Roman Catholic priest, archpriest in England from 1608
Harry Birkhead (died 2013), South African philatelist
Henry Birkhead (1617–1696), English academic, lawyer and Latin poet
Martin Birkhead (died 1590), English politician
Tim Birkhead, Professor of Zoology at the University of Sheffield and author
See also
Dannielynn Birkhead paternity case, centered on a child born September 7, 2006 to Vickie Lynn Marshall
Flugplatz Maldegem is a former World War II airfield, located 2.8 km southeast of Maldegem in East Flanders, Belgium.
History
Established in 1939 by the Belgian Air Force. After the Battle of Belgium, the Luftwaffe took over the airfield and began expanding it, putting down a concrete runway. Between October 1940 and April 1941 the airfield was used by Fiat G.50s of the Corpo Aereo Italiano, an expeditionary force from the Regia Aeronautica ("Royal Air Force") that participated in the Battle of Britain and the Blitz during the final months of 1940 during World War II. From 1941 onwards Luftwaffe squadrons (III./JG 53 and II./JG 26) began operating from the airfield.
It was seized by British Forces in September 1944, and Royal Engineers repaired the field, designating it "Advanced Landing Ground B-65". It became home to the 135 Wing.
It was abandoned after the war, the facility being redeveloped into an industrial area.
References
Flugplatz Maldegem
Johnson, David C. (1988), U.S. Army Air Forces Continental Airfields (ETO), D-Day to V-E Day; Research Division, USAF Historical Research Center, Maxwell AFB, Alabama.
Defunct airports in Belgium
Belgian airbases
World War II airfields in Belgium
Airports established in 1939
Airports in East Flanders
Maldegem
Three ships of the United States Navy have been named Craven after Tunis Craven, a Navy Commander who died at the Battle of Mobile Bay.
, a torpedo boat, commissioned in 1900 and decommissioned in 1913.
, a destroyer, commissioned in 1918, served in the Royal Navy as Lewes until being scrapped in 1945.
, a destroyer, commissioned in 1937 and decommissioned in 1945.
Sources
United States Navy ship names
Beatles VI is the seventh Capitol Records studio album by the English rock band the Beatles in the United States and Canada (including The Beatles' Story). It was the ninth album released into that market in less than one and a half years (Vee-Jay Records and United Artists Records also released one album each during that period). The LP was released in both mono and stereo versions.
Beatles VI reached number one on the Billboard for six weeks, beginning on 10 July 1965.
This LP was also released in New Zealand in stereo in time for Christmas 1966. The pressing plates were obtained from EMI (UK) and are identical to their export-release. The title on the record label erroneously reads Beatles IV, and the catalogue number is PCSM 6042.
Beatles VI is available on CD as part of The Capitol Albums, Volume 2 box set in both stereo and mono mixes (catalogue number CDP 0946 3 57499 2 2.) In 2014, Beatles VI was issued on CD again, individually and as part of The U.S. Albums boxed set.
Music
Beatles VI includes two tracks featuring searing John Lennon vocals, recorded specifically for the North American market: "Bad Boy" and "Dizzy Miss Lizzy", both covers of Larry Williams songs, and both recorded on Williams' birthday (10 May 1965), marking perhaps the only time that the Beatles recorded material especially for North America. "Dizzy Miss Lizzy" was part of the set of their 1965 US concerts and was soon included on the British release of the Help! album, but "Bad Boy" was not released in the United Kingdom or anywhere else in the world until 1966, when it appeared on the compilation A Collection of Beatles Oldies. These two songs, along with "Act Naturally" the following month, were the last cover songs recorded and released by the Beatles until "Maggie Mae" appeared on the Let It Be album in 1970.
Beatles VI also included:
the remaining six tracks from Beatles for Sale (i.e., those left off Beatles '65, although 2 such songs had been released on a single in February 1965)
"Yes It Is", the B-side to the single "Ticket to Ride". This is a "duophonic" stereo remix from the original mono track, with additional echo and reverb.
two other tracks from the forthcoming UK release of Help!: "You Like Me Too Much" and "Tell Me What You See"
As on Beatles for Sale, the "Kansas City"/"Hey-Hey-Hey-Hey!" medley was originally listed only as "Kansas City". After attorneys for Venice Music notified Capitol of its error, the record label was soon corrected, although the album cover never was.
Track listing
Charts and certifications
In the U.S., the album sold 899,025 copies by 31 December 1965 and 1,094,707 copies by the end of the decade.
Chart performance
Certifications
Notes
References
External links
1965 albums
Albums produced by George Martin
The Beatles albums
Capitol Records albums
Lamare Trenton Chansey Bogarde (born 5 January 2004) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a defender for Aston Villa. He is youth international for the Netherlands, having played at under-15, under-16, and under-18 levels.
Bogarde started his football career in the Feyenoord academy, before signing on for the Aston Villa academy in 2020.
Early life
Bogarde was born in Rotterdam.
Club career
Bogarde joined Aston Villa from Feyenoord's academy in September 2020. He was named in the Aston Villa starting line-up for his senior debut on 8 January 2021 in an FA Cup third round tie against Liverpool. On 12 January 2021, after impressing in his debut, Bogarde was given his first professional contract at Aston Villa.
On 24 May 2021, Bogarde was part of the Aston Villa U18s team that won the FA Youth Cup, beating Liverpool U18s 2–1 in the final.
On 1 July 2022, Bogarde signed a new, long-term contract with Aston Villa. In the same summer, Bogarde was part of a first team squad for a pre-season tour of Australia.
Personal life
Born in the Netherlands, Bogarde is of Surinamese descent. He is the brother of Melayro Bogarde and the nephew of Winston Bogarde, both professional footballers.
Career statistics
Honours
Aston Villa U18s
FA Youth Cup: 2020–21
References
2004 births
Living people
Dutch sportspeople of Surinamese descent
Dutch footballers
Association football midfielders
Netherlands youth international footballers
Feyenoord players
Aston Villa F.C. players
Dutch expatriate footballers
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
The Real Housewives of New York City (abbreviated RHONY) is an American reality television series that premiered on Bravo on March 4, 2008. Developed as the second installment of The Real Housewives franchise, it has aired thirteen seasons and focuses on the personal and professional lives of several women residing in New York City.
The cast of the recent thirteenth season consists of Luann de Lesseps, Ramona Singer, Sonja Morgan, Leah McSweeney and Eboni K. Williams, with Heather Thomson and Bershan Shaw serving as a "friend of the housewives".
The success of the show has resulted in two spin-offs; Bethenny Ever After and Bethenny & Fredrik.
Overview and casting
Seasons 1–4
While in pre-production, the show was initially titled Manhattan Moms. It was later rebranded to become the second installment of the then-new Real Housewives franchise. The first season premiered on March 4, 2008, and starred Bethenny Frankel, Luann de Lesseps, Alex McCord, Ramona Singer, and Jill Zarin.
Kelly Killoren Bensimon was added to the cast for the second season, which premiered on February 17, 2009. The third season premiered March 4, 2010 and saw the addition of Sonja Morgan as a main cast member, along with Jennifer Gilbert in a recurring capacity. In August 2010, Frankel left the show in order to expand her Skinnygirl product line.
Cindy Barshop replaced Frankel for the show's fourth season, which premiered on April 7, 2011. After the fourth season, McCord, Zarin, Killoren Bensimon, and Barshop were effectively let go from the show.
Seasons 5–8
In April 2012, Bravo announced a revamp to the cast for its fifth season, integrating Aviva Drescher, Carole Radziwill, and Heather Thomson into the main cast. The season premiered on June 4, 2012. Production for the sixth season was set to begin on May 8, 2013, but the cast instead chose to go into salary negotiations with Bravo, effectively delaying shooting. Drescher, Morgan, Radziwill, Singer, and Thomson renewed their contract in May 2013, while de Lesseps was demoted to a recurring role. The sixth season premiered on March 11, 2014, a year later than planned with Kristen Taekman as the latest housewife. Drescher was dismissed after the sixth season.
The seventh season premiered on April 7, 2015, featuring the return of Frankel and addition of Dorinda Medley, while de Lesseps returned in a full-time role. Taekman and Thomson exited the series after the season ended. For the eighth season, which premiered on April 6, 2016, Jules Wainstein was added to the cast, while Thomson returned in a guest appearance, Taekman did not return. Wainstein left the show in September 2016 for personal reasons.
Seasons 9–12
The ninth season premiered on April 5, 2017. Tinsley Mortimer joined the cast, while former housewives Thomson and Zarin appeared as guests. The tenth season premiered on April 4, 2018, with the cast of the ninth season returning. Drescher, Killoren Bensimon, Thomson and Zarin all appeared as guests. It served as Radziwill's final appearance on the show.
The eleventh season premiered on March 6, 2019. Barbara Kavovit joined as a friend of the housewives, and Zarin appeared as a guest. Frankel departed the series after the season for a second time. The twelfth season featured Leah McSweeney joining the cast, which premiered on April 2, 2020. Zarin and Thomson appeared as guests in the twelfth season. Mortimer and Medley announced their departure from the series in June 2020 and August 2020 respectively. Mortimer coincided her announcement with her relocation to Chicago, to pursue her romantic relationship with Scott Kluth, while Medley later stated she was fired from the show.
Season 13
The thirteenth season premiered on May 4, 2021, with Eboni K. Williams joining the series, in addition to Heather Thomson and Bershan Shaw appearing as friends of the housewives. In September 2021, it was confirmed by Bravo that the thirteenth season reunion was officially cancelled.
Season 14
On March 23, 2022, it was announced that following the thirteenth season's negative reception, the showrunners had made the decision to ‘most likely' recast the show from scratch for the fourteenth season, and create a second version of the show following some of the show's original housewives, referred to as RHONY: Legacy or RHONY: Throwback. Beyond the two series, veteran housewives Luann de Lesseps and Sonja Morgan will star in a spin-off series modelled after The Simple Life. Filming began mid-July 2022 in rural Southern Illinois.
Cast
Timeline of cast members
Episodes
Critical reception
The Real Housewives of New York City has received criticism for the lack of diversity in its cast. Then-current cast member Frankel stated in 2017 that she would like to see the series "represent New York more." Writing for The New York Times in October 2019, author Tracie Egan Morrissey posed the question, "If less than half of the city is white, why is 100 percent of the cast of The Real Housewives of New York City white?" Former cast member Heather Thomson also stated that during her time on the series she had pitched several women of color to the show's producers to diversify its cast members due to her concerns about the issue.
Broadcast history
The Real Housewives of New York City airs regularly on Bravo in the United States; most episodes are approximately forty-two minutes in length, and are broadcast in standard definition and high definition. Since its premiere, the series has alternated airing on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday evenings and has been frequently shifted between the 8:00, 9:00, and 10:00 PM timeslots.
Other media
In July 2012, Bravo released a social networking video game version of The Real Housewives of New York City titled as Real Housewives: The Game. Following weekly new episodes, a new game was available based on the story.
In 2016, On Location Tours hosted an official The Real Housewives of New York-themed tour in New York City. The tour is centered around giving passengers an almost four-hour trip to visit numerous places where current and former housewives "have dined, shopped, dated or had a fight or two," and is described as the "ultimate, one-of-a-kind Real Housewives experience."
References
External links
2000s American reality television series
2010s American reality television series
2020s American reality television series
2008 American television series debuts
Bravo (American TV network) original programming
English-language television shows
Television shows filmed in New York City
Television shows set in New York City
sw-Xkr
Khekeret-nisut is a much debated Ancient Egyptian woman's title. Women with this title are known from the First Intermediate Period, less often from the Middle Kingdom, but again often from the Second Intermediate Period and the New Kingdom. The title is often translated as lady in waiting or king's ornament.
The titleholders are most often married women of high status. In the Eleventh Dynasty, some queens of Mentuhotep II had that title. Henry George Fischer translated the title as ornament of the king and saw the women with this title as part of the king's harem. Harco Willems argued that the correct translation is adorner of the king and argued that they were playing some role in the king's cult.
Literature
Danijela Stefanovic: The Non-royal Regular Feminine Titles of the Middle Kingdom and Second Intermediate Period: Dossiers, London 2009 pp. 85- 109
References
Ancient Egyptian titles
José María Reina Andrade (1 November 1860 – 25 April 1947) was the acting President of Guatemala from 2 January 1931 to 14 February 1931.
Reina Andrade was appointed by the Congress of Guatemala on 31 December 1930, as president of the Republic. On 2 January 1931, he called for Congress to take over the chairmanship of the republic. He remained in power just long enough while making the call for elections to the members of the Liberal Party to achieve taxation power for Jorge Ubico. It is said he received specific instructions from Jorge Ubico and the Liberal Party to convene elections quickly.
Andrade left power as a result of the elections that handed the presidency to Ubico on 14 February 1931.
Manuel Estrada Cabrera government
Reina Andrade served as Secretary of the Interior during the second presidential term of Manuel Estrada Cabrera—from 1905 to 1911—and he was in charge of the investigations of the murder attempts against the president that took place on April 29, 1907 -"The bomb"- and on April 20, 1908 -"Cadets assassination attempt"-.
"The bomb"
In early 1907, lawyer Enrique Ávila Echeverría and his brother, physician Jorge Ávila Echeverría, along with Dr. Julio Valdés Blanco and electrical engineer Baltasar Rodil, planned a bombing attack on the president of Guatemala, Manuel Estrada Cabrera, which took place on 29 April 1907, and is generally known in Guatemala as "The Bomb". The Echeverría brothers and their mates were from the elite class and had studied abroad, but when they came back to Guatemala, they did not like what they saw: a country where there was extreme abuse of power. When they decided to try to kill the president, they chose to use explosives. They prepared everything meticulously: the explosives, the detonators, the day and the exact time; even the president's driver -Patrocinio Monterroso- was on board.
On the day planned for the attack, 29 April, the president was traveling in his chariot along his 13-year-old son, Joaquin, and his chief of staff, general José María Orellana. Around 10 a.m., they were on the 7th. S. Avenue, in between the 16th and 17th W streets when the bomb went off. However, by a miscalculation, Estrada Cabrera and those that were with him were unharmed. Only his driver and one of the horses died.
On 2 May 1907, Emilio Ubico, brother of Arturo Ubico Urruela -president of Congress- and uncle of Jorge Ubico Castañeda -political chief of Verapaz-, was appointed as Chief of Police, in charge of the investigations, along the Secretary of the Interior, Reina Andrade. A few days later, Congress issued Decree 737, by which any explosive related import was prohibited, unless previously authorized by the Secretary of War.
Over the next twenty two days, the four conspirators fled through the small streets and little holes that they could find, trying to escape from Guatemala City, but they could not escape because the government surround the city and slowly started to close in while combing every inch of terrain. Even their families were prosecuted and incarcerated. They were others conspirators, brothers Juan and Adolfo Viteri and Francisco Valladares, were arrested when they were trying to flee disguised as women in Guastatoya. Others, like Felipe and Rafael Prado Romaña, tried to flee to El Salvador, but were captured when somebody told on them- the Romaña brothers were in prison until their death-. Only the Colombian Rafael Madriñán escaped on a bike and left the country. The mother of the Romaña brothers took the Mexican Ambassador, Federico Camboa, to the house where the Avila Echeverría brothers and his friends were hiding, who, knowing that they had only days to live, gave him all their valuables and beg him to pass them on to their relatives.
At last, after several days of uncertainty, Rufina Roca de Monzón gave them shelter in the second floor of her home, # 29 Judío Place in Guatemala City, but a spy learned about it. on May 20, 1907, at 3 a.m. the house was surrounded by a soldier platoon. The troop brought down the door and tried to reach the second floor, but at that moment crossed gunfire started; by 6 a.m. the conspirators were out of ammo and exhausted and decided to kill themselves before becoming prisoners of the regime. The Diario de Centro América, then a semi-official newspaper owned by Estrada Cabrera, went as far as to publish the conspirators autopsy details.
"The cadets" assassination attempt
By 1908, Santo Domingo Church members had modified the path of its centennial and traditional Good Friday procession, such that now is passed in front of Estrada Cabrera house on the 7th S. Avenue in Guatemala City. That year, several Military Academy cadets, after noticing that the procession uniforms completely covered the face of the penitents, decided to disguise themselves and blend in the procession and by the time it passed in front of the president's house, they would storm in and take him prisoner. However, the extremely efficient spy system that Estrada Cabrera had in place allowed him to thwart the kidnapping attempt. As soon as he learned about this, Estrada Cabrera prohibited the procession from pass in front of his house, placed a fenced on front of it and prohibited the use of masks for the Holy Week processions.
On 20 April 1908, during the official reception of the new United States Ambassador in the National Palace, Military Academy cadet Víctor Manuel Vega, in revenge of what happened to his classmates and teachers, shot Estrada Cabrera point black, but only managed to hurt him on his pinky finger. A flag from the official escort avoided the bullet from reaching the president. Enraged, and in order to set a precedent, Estrada Cabrera order to shoot all Vega's Military Academy unit, except two, Rogelio Girón and Manuel Hurtarte, who were taken prisoners without any legal document. Vega had died on the spot where he tried to attack the president, killed instantly by his bodyguards. The president also ordered the Military Academy to be closed, its building demolished and that salt would be spread on the field. Several military officers were sent to prison, including some loyal to the president.
Notes
References
Bibliography
Presidents of Guatemala
Vice presidents of Guatemala
1860 births
1947 deaths
Liberal Party (Guatemala) politicians
20th-century Guatemalan people
"(Now You See Me) Now You Don't" is a song written by Tony Lane, Jess Brown and David Lee, and recorded by American country music artist Lee Ann Womack. It was released in August 1999 as the third single from her CD Some Things I Know. The song peaked at number 12 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks.
Critical reception
Editors at Billboard gave the song a positive review and wrote, "Clocking in under three minutes, it's a short, saucy little number with a lively melody, excellent guitar work, and a clever lyric about a woman on her way out of a sour relationship. Womack's voice is a combination of childlike vulnerability and spurned-woman desperation as she perfectly conveys the emotion in the lyric. This has all the elements necessary to become a summertime hit--and possibly Womack's long-awaited chart-topper."
Chart performance
Year-end charts
References
1999 singles
1999 songs
Lee Ann Womack songs
MCA Nashville Records singles
Songs written by Jess Brown
Songs written by Tony Lane (songwriter)
Song recordings produced by Mark Wright (record producer)
Songs written by David Lee (songwriter)
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1980–81 season.
Overview
Bahrain Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
football
Plasma Pool is an EBM band from Budapest, Hungary that was formed in 1989.
Current members
Attila Csihar - vocals
Istvan Zilahy - keyboards
Lazlo Kuli - drums
Former members
Attila Csihar - vocals (Mayhem, Burial Chamber Trio, Sunn_O))), ex-Aborym, ex-Korog, ex-Keep of Kalessin, ex-Tormentor)
Discography
I (album, studio and live music, 1996)
II — Drowning (album, live, 1997)
III — Sinking (unreleased album)
The Beast of Attila Csihar (selected tracks on compilation, 2003)
Ezoterror (album, studio, 2004)
External links
www.plasmapool.hu - official page
The Beast of Attila Csihar
Hungarian musical groups
Musical groups established in 1989
Scarlet Records artists
Cape Opasnyy (Russian: Мыс Опасный, Mys Opasnyy) is a very prominent headland in Penzhina Bay, the right arm of Shelikhov Gulf, in the northeastern Sea of Okhotsk. It lies to the northwest of The Gorlo. A ledge projects about three quarters of a mile east-northeast of the headland, while a group of detached rocks lies about 1.2 miles north northeast of it.
Administratively Cape Opasnyy belongs to the Kamchatka Krai of the Russian Federation.
History
American whaleships hunting bowhead whales frequented the waters off the cape from 1866 to 1889. They called it Othello Cape, and the ledge to its east-northeast Othello Reef, both after a ship that visited the area in the early 1860s. They anchored under the cape and reef to seek shelter from southwesterly gales. Boats went ashore after salmon and wood, and also to trade with the natives from the nearby Koryak village of Big Itkana.
References
Opasny
Landforms of Kamchatka Krai
Little Cranberry Island is an island of roughly located in the U.S. state of Maine. It is one of the five islands of the Town of Cranberry Isles, Maine. It has the postal designation Islesford, ZIP 04646.
References
Islands of Hancock County, Maine
Islands of Maine
Coastal islands of Maine
Maxime Vandelannoitte (born 23 January 2002) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays as a defender for K.S.V. Roeselare.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
2002 births
Living people
Belgian footballers
Association football defenders
Belgian First Division B players
K.S.V. Roeselare players
The Children's Museum of Bogotá (Fundación Museo de los Niños) was a privately managed museum foundation in Bogotá, Colombia's capital city, established in 1986 and aimed at teaching children about science, technology, culture and arts. The foundation operated the Children's Museum in an 8,000 m2 (86,000 ft.²) building in the geographical centre of Bogotá, in which over 23 different modules and hundreds of individual exhibits were housed. The museum served approximately 150,000 visitors per year — 69% of them children under 11 years of age that come to "learn by playing" in the exhibits.
In 2018, it became a park for children. Its main attractions are bouncing houses, bicycle rides, and races for kids.
In addition to guided tours, the Children's Museum conducted workshops, special vacation programs for children and highly structured events for schools.
To celebrate their 15th anniversary, the museum invited the most important young Colombian artists to each paint a mural on the museum walls. This resulted in a collection of 42 murals which have become a landmark for art students in Bogotá. Another highly important program of the Museum is the Computer Clubhouse – an international program promoted by the Intel Corporation and the Museum of Science, Boston. Computer Clubhouse teaches children of low income families computer skills for computer animation, graphic design, composing and editing, as a means to close the digital divide in the society. An introduction to robotics is also included in this program.
In the outer gardens of the museum, a real Boeing 720 aircraft (without actual function, fuel, electricity or engines) was present to teach children the basics of aeronautics. The airliner was donated by Avianca (the biggest airline in Colombia) in the mid-1980s.
The museum also featured a room with a small representation of a city's roads to teach children traffic signs and behaviour while driving or walking on the streets
External links
Museo de los Niños de Bogotá
Children's museums
Museums in Bogotá
Child-related organisations in Colombia
1986 establishments in Colombia
Corle is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Edwin Corle (1906–1956), American writer
Helen Freeman Corle (1886–1960), American actress
See also
Carle
Colle (surname)
Americanized surnames
In South Africa, a potjiekos , literally translated "small-pot food", is a dish prepared outdoors. It is traditionally cooked in a round, cast iron, three-legged cauldron, the potjie, descended from the Dutch oven brought from the Netherlands to South Africa in the 17th century and found in the homes and villages of people throughout southern Africa. The pot is heated using small amounts of wood or charcoal or, if fuel is scarce, twisted grass or even dried animal dung. Small LPG gas cylinders (typically 3–5 kg) with a cooker top designed specifically for the potjie is also widely used in households in South Africa.
History
Traditionally, the recipe includes meat, vegetables like carrots, cabbage, cauliflower or pumpkin, starches like rice or potatoes, all slow-cooked with Dutch-Malay spices, the distinctive spicing of South Africa's early culinary melting pot. Other common ingredients include fruits and flour-based products like pasta.
Potjiekos originated with the Voortrekkers, evolving as a stew made of venison and vegetables (if available), cooked in the potjie. As trekkers (pioneers) shot wild game, it was added to the pot. The large bones were included to thicken the stew. Each day when the wagons stopped, the pot was placed over a fire to simmer. New bones replaced old and fresh meat replaced meat eaten. Game included venison, poultry such as guinea fowl, warthog, bushpig, rabbit, and hare.
Ingredients and general process
Cooking oil is added to a potjie, and placed on a fire until hot. Meat is added, typically lamb or pork. The meat is spiced and often a form of alcohol is added for flavor - mostly beer, Old Brown Sherry or a dessert wine like Humbro. The views of Afrikaner cook in matters of seasoning tend to be conservative; garlic, for instance, is used very sparingly, if at all.
When the meat is lightly browned, vegetables like potatoes and mealies (maize) are added, along with whatever spices are needed. Water or other liquids may or may not then be added, depending on the views of the potjie chef. The lid is then closed and the contents left to simmer slowly without stirring. This distinguishes a potjiekos from a stew that is stirred. The aim is that the flavours of the different ingredients mix as little as possible. Although some chefs may permit stirring from time to time (which is highly frowned upon), it does create a stew where all the ingredients tend to blend together and taste similar. This is also the main difference between a stew and potjiekos i.e. in a potjie you do not stir. The reason for this is so that the flavour from the meat at the bottom can flavour all the vegetables above while slow cooking. If your potjie is made properly you should still be able to see and taste all the ingredients separately as well as a delicious whole. Little sauce or water is used, so that cooking is by steam and not boiling in a sauce like a stew; thus the heat must be very low and constant. These are some of the secrets of each cook. A potjie is a social activity, with guests generally engaging in fireside chitchat while the potjie cooks, typically three to six hours.
A potjie is usually accompanied by rice or something similar.
Health hazards
In 1998, it was reported that potjie pots with large amounts of lead were being sold, placing users at risk of lead poisoning.
See also
Braai
Hot pot
Potbrood
Sač
List of African dishes
List of stews
Perpetual stew
References
External links
Cooking vessels
South African cuisine
Stews
Wild game dishes
John Edward Cohill (December 13, 1907–June 13, 1994) was an American clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Goroka in Papua New Guinea. He was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey in 1907. Cohill was ordained to the priesthood in 1936. He was appointed bishop in 1966. He died in 1994.
References
1907 births
1994 deaths
American Roman Catholic bishops by contiguous area of the United States
People from Elizabeth, New Jersey
Roman Catholic bishops of Goroka
20th-century American clergy
Oneida County is a county located in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2010 Census the county had a population of 4,286. The county seat and largest city is Malad City. Most of the county's population lives in Malad City and the surrounding Malad Valley.
History
The county is named for Oneida Lake, New York, the area from which most of the early settlers had emigrated.
Oneida County was organized on January 22, 1864, with its county seat established at Soda Springs in present-day Caribou County. The county seat was moved to Malad City in 1866 because of its population growth and location on the freight road and stagecoach line between Corinne, Utah, and the mines in Butte, Montana.
Early in its lengthy history, Oneida County had the distinction of being Idaho's largest county by both area and population. Its initial size was 32,708 mi2 making it the third largest of the 17 counties created by the first legislature of Idaho Territory in 1863 and early 1864. When the US Congress created Montana Territory on May 26, 1864, it also transferred a portion of Oneida County over to Dakota Territory. Even with the loss of territory, the act left Oneida County as Idaho's largest remaining Idaho county at 20,621 mi2. Alturas County exchanged territory with Boise County in 1866 to increase its land area above that of Oneida County. Oneida County lost significant territory to Wyoming Territory in 1868, to the creation of Bear Lake County in 1875, and to the creation of Cassia County in 1879. Minor adjustments to boundaries occurred in 1871, 1875, and 1877. Creation of Bingham County in 1885 left Oneida County with only 2,633 mi2, while creation of Franklin and Power Counties further reduced the county's area to 1,219 mi2 in 1913. Minor changes to boundaries occurred in 1917 and 1927 that gave Oneida County its present land area.
Early loss of territory had no impact on population growth of the county as some areas lost had almost no population or were offset by heavy migration of Mormons occurring along Idaho's southern border. Oneida County was officially Idaho Territory's 3rd most populous behind Boise and Ada counties at Idaho Territory's first decennial census in 1870. However, the county's actual population was severely undercounted as a result of its lack of a surveyed southern boundary. The survey of Idaho's southern border by 1872 revealed that the 1870 Census had erroneously assigned eight Idaho settlements in the Bear Lake Valley to Rich County, Utah and five Idaho settlements in the Cache Valley to Cache County, Utah. Had the settlements been accurately assigned to Oneida County in 1870, the county would have been Idaho's largest with 4,647 residents. Oneida County would go on to officially become Idaho's most populous county at the 1880 Census with 6,964 residents even after it had lost populated territory to creation of Bear Lake and Cassia Counties. The loss of large population centers achieved through the creation of Bingham County resulted in the county's first decline in population at the 1890 Census. While diminished in significance, the county was still one of the State's more prominent counties at that time. Oneida County did retain developing population centers at Malad City, American Falls, and Preston. Their growth led to a peak in the county's population at the 1910 Census. The county lost much of its prominence with the creation of Franklin and Power Counties in 1913. The loss in territory again caused a population decline while Malad City and even outlying areas experienced growth through the 1920 Census. After the 1920 Census, Oneida County experienced fifty years of population decline, losing more than half of its 1920 population by the 1970 Census. The county has regained less than 40% of its lost population as of the 2016 Census estimate.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Oxford Peak is the highest point in the county at 9,285 ft (2830.2 m) above sea level. Alternating valleys and ridges of mountains or hills typify the topography, with grassland and sagebrush covering most areas. The Curlew National Grassland lies within the county.
Adjacent counties
Power County – north
Bannock County – northeast
Franklin County – east
Cache County, Utah – southeast
Box Elder County, Utah – south
Cassia County – west
Major highways
Interstate 15
Interstate 84
SH-36
SH-38
National protected areas
Caribou National Forest (part)
Curlew National Grassland (part)
Sawtooth National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 4,125 people, 1,430 households, and 1,092 families living in the county. The population density was 3 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 1,755 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.50% White, 0.12% Black or African American, 0.32% Native American, 0.15% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 1.36% from other races, and 0.48% from two or more races. 2.30% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 27.2% were of English, 20.0% Welsh, 12.0% "American", 7.1% German, and 6.8% Danish ancestry.
There were 1,430 households, out of which 38.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.50% were married couples living together, 4.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.60% were non-families. 22.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.35.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 32.00% under the age of 18, 7.70% from 18 to 24, 23.10% from 25 to 44, 21.40% from 45 to 64, and 15.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 103.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,309, and the median income for a family was $38,341. Males had a median income of $29,730 versus $19,808 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,829. About 6.70% of families and 10.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.00% of those under age 18 and 10.80% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 4,286 people, 1,545 households, and 1,161 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 1,906 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.7% white, 0.5% Asian, 0.5% American Indian, 0.2% black or African American, 1.1% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 38.3% were English, 15.1% were Welsh, 12.8% were "American", 10.7% were German, 5.8% were Swedish, and 5.1% were Danish.
Of the 1,545 households, 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.9% were married couples living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 24.9% were non-families, and 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.24. The median age was 39.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $44,599 and the median income for a family was $51,371. Males had a median income of $43,362 versus $24,821 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,950. About 11.9% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.2% of those under age 18 and 13.0% of those age 65 or over.
Arts and culture
Museums and other points of interest
Oneida County contains seven buildings listed on the National Register of Historic Places:
The Co-Op Block and J. N. Ireland Bank, in Malad City
The D.L. Evans, Sr. Bungalow, in Malad City
The Jedd Jones House, in Malad City
The Malad Second Ward Tabernacle, in Malad City
The Oneida County Courthouse, in Malad City
The Samaria Historic District, in Samaria
The United Presbyterian Church, in Malad City
Notable people
John V. Evans (1925–2014), Governor of Idaho (1977–87); born in Malad City
William Marion Jardine (1879–1955), U.S. Secretary of Agriculture (1925–29) and the U.S. Ambassador to Egypt; born in Oneida County.
Communities
City
Malad City
Unincorporated communities
Cherry Creek
Holbrook
Pleasantview
Samaria
Stone
Woodruff
Politics
Like all archconservative, Mormon southeastern Idaho, Oneida County is overwhelmingly Republican. The last Democratic presidential candidate to carry the county was Harry S. Truman in 1948, and Jimmy Carter in 1976 was the last Democrat to crack thirty percent in the county.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oneida County, Idaho
Notes
References
External links
County Parcel Map
State of Idaho official site – Oneida County
City-Data.com Comprehensive Statistical Data and more about Oneida County
Idaho counties
Idaho placenames of Native American origin
1864 establishments in Idaho Territory
Populated places established in 1864
Makanda is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 10,718 people in the ward, from 9,768 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
Devsar (or Bona Devsar) is a town and tehsil notified area committee in Kulgam district in the Indian union territory of Jammu and Kashmir. It is one of the seven administrative blocks of the Kulgam district. The city is connected to Kulgam and Qazigund by a two-lane road (NH444). This road has been funded by Asian Development Bank. Devsar is home to various religious places or Shrines. The famous among these could be Hazrat Khan Sb ,Hazrat Ameer Kabeer , Ded Moj Sb and many Hindu Temples including Mata Tripur Sundari Khanabarani.
References
Cities and towns in Kulgam district
Kulgam district
Kinchega Woolshed is a heritage-listed former shearing shed located 15km south-west of Menindee township, Central Darling Shire, New South Wales, Australia. It was built from in 1875. The property is owned by the New South Wales Office of Environment and Heritage. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
History
Originally an early West Darling property named "Menindel", it was first held by the explorer John McKinlay in the 1850s. By 1860 it was taken up by Peter McGregor and it had become known as "Kinchega". Burke and Wills visited it in 1860 and Kinchega's manager, William Wright, accompanied them as third in command and was blamed almost entirely for the tragedy that befell the expedition after he failed to meet the party on its return to Cooper's Creek.
In 1870 the station was sold by George Urquhart to Herbert Bristow Hughes. Hughes had two river steamers built in England to service the station named the "Jandra" and the "Nile". Steam engines were installed in 1875, by which year "Kinchega" was running 75,000 sheep and its boundary extended beyond the southern end of the Barrier Ranges. It is during this period that the present shed came into being. Kinchega Station remained in the Hughes family for almost a century. In 1883 when Kinchega was at its peak the property was running 160,000 sheep and employed 73 men.
In 1967 Kinchega Woolshed became part of Kinchega National Park, by that time it is estimated that six million sheep had passed through the shed.
The woolshed was restored in 1993.
Description
Kinchega Woolshed is a very large linear building constructed of timber frame with corrugated iron cladding. It consists of 26 stands and is built upon a low sandy hill close to the Darling River. The main structure is constructed of trimmed river gum trunks, sawn roof frames and flooring raised well clear of the ground and a wide pitched roof, skillions and walls sheeted with corrugated iron. A notable feature of the building is the pavilion of sweating pens at the southern end; its light stud-frame construction contrasts with the heavier timber of the original section of the shed.
Nearby are a cluster of small corrugated iron clad buildings containing the shearer's quarters, cookhouse and stores buildings.
Kinchega Woolshed witnessed the evolution in shearing technology that was seen throughout the wool industry during the nineteenth-twentieth centuries. Blades were replaced by mechanical handpieces and the steam traction engine that first powered the machinery stands outside the building. A boiler also is located here. Team was in turn replaced by kerosene and then diesel powered shearing gear. Finally the handpieces were powered by electrical equipment. In addition to the traction engine, the shearing machinery is also present, as is the wool press, wool cranes, a cart and buggy and other equipment.
It was reported to be in good physical condition with medium archaeological potential as at 17 September 1997.
Heritage listing
Dating from 1875, Kinchega Woolshed is associated with the early pastoral history of the far west of New South Wales. The building illustrates the huge size of pastoral holdings in the arid areas of Australia and is a good example of a large scale shearing shed. The shed is of notable design, the sweating pens being an important feature of the building. Owing to its site and large dimensions, it is a prominent feature in the arid surrounding landscape and is a visual symbol of the grazing history of the outback. It helps to show the major developments in shearing technology during the century since its construction.
Kinchega Woolshed was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
Dating from 1875, Kinchega Woolshed is associated with the early pastoral history of the far west of New South Wales. The building illustrates the huge size of pastoral holdings in the arid areas of Australia and is a good example of a large scale shearing shed of traditional timber construction.
The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
The shed is of notable design, the sweating pens being an important feature of the building. Owing to its site and large dimensions, it is a prominent feature in the arid surrounding landscape and is a visual symbol of the grazing history of the outback.
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
It helps to show the major developments in shearing technology during the century since its construction.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a class of cultural or natural places/environments in New South Wales.
It is perhaps the largest woolshed of its type remaining in the Western District and also one of the better examples.
See also
References
Bibliography
Attribution
External links
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Agricultural buildings and structures in New South Wales
Farms in New South Wales
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
Shearing sheds
Menindee, New South Wales
This article contains a list of recipients of the title Hero of the Soviet Union who were of Armenian ethnicity.
Gazaros Avakyan ru
Grant Avakyan ru
Hunan Avetisyan
Temik Avtandylyan ru
Goga Agamirov ru
Grigory Ayrapetyan ru
Armen Ayriev
Georgy Akopyants ru
Ruben Akopyan ru
Ashot Amatuni
Avak Antinyan ru
Suren Arakelyan ru
Guren Arzumanov ru
Georgy Arustamov ru
Aydin Arutyunyan ru
Ashot Asriyan ru
Eduard Ayanyan ru
Hamazasp Babadzhanian
Agvan Babyan ru
Hmayak Babayan
Grant Babayan ru
Semyon Bagdasaryan
Ruben Bagirov ru
Ivan Bagramyan
Grigory Bagyan ru
Garegin Balayan ru
Miran Bastandzhyan ru
Sergey Burnazyan ru
Vachagan Vantsyan ru
Garnik Vartumyan ru
Gevork Vartanyan
Yervand Garanyan ru
Sergey Grigoryan ru
Yeremy Danilyants ru
Levon Darbinyan ru
Nshan Darbinyan ru
Tatevos Yegiazaryan ru
Eduard Yelyan ru
Vaginak Zakharyan ru
Vladimir Ionosyan ru
Ivan Isakov
Liparit Israelyan ru
Ashot Kazaryan ru
Hamayak Kazaryan ru
Andranik Kazaryan ru
Ashkharbek Kazaryan ru
Grigory Kalustov ru
Rafail Kaprelyan
Askanaz Karapetyan ru
Gurgen Karapetyan ru
Jahan Karakhanyan ru
Ashot Kasparov ru
Suren Kasparyan ru
Garush Konstantinov ru
Vayk Levonyan ru
Ghukas Madoyan
Isak Manasyan ru
Akop Manukyan ru
Sarkis Martirosyan
Arutyun Meletyan ru
Khachatur Melikyan ru
Andrey Melkonyan ru
Gedeon Mikaelyan ru
Stepan Mikoyan ru
Samson Mkrtumov ru
Arutyun Mkrtchyan ru
Aleksandr Mnatsakanov ru
Andranik Muradyan ru
Aleksandr Murdugov ru
Martiros Nagulyan ru
Konstantin Nazarov ru
Vazgen Oganesov ru
Grant Oganyants ru
Mikhail Parsegov
Suren Petrosyan ru
Aramais Pogosyan ru
Apoven Rostomyan ru
Vardkes Rustamyan ru
Ishkan Saribekyan ru
Armais Sarkisov ru
Fyodor Sarkisov ru
Vasily Sarkisyan ru
Suren Sarkisyan ru
Aram Safarov ru
Karapet Simonyan ru
Hamayak Snoplyan ru
Vladimir Tambiev ru
Arsen Ter-Oganov ru
Horen Hachatryan ru
Arutyun Chakryan ru
Lazar Chapchakhov ru
Saribek Chilingaryan ru
Mikhail Shalzhiyan ru
Ivan Shaumyan ru
Vladimir Yavrumov ru
David Yazydzhan ru
References
Russian Ministry of Defence Database «Подвиг Народа в Великой Отечественной войне 1941—1945 гг.» [Feat of the People in the Great Patriotic War 1941-1945] (in Russian).
Heroes of the Soviet Union lists
Fazlı Kocabaş (born 1 January 1990) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for Grez-Doiceau as a centre back.
Career
After leaving Roeselare, Kocabaş joined R.E. Virton.
References
External links
Belgium Stats at Belgian FA
1990 births
Living people
Belgian people of Turkish descent
Footballers from Brussels
Association football central defenders
Belgian footballers
K.A.S. Eupen players
Standard Liège players
Royale Union Saint-Gilloise players
Oud-Heverlee Leuven players
Kayseri Erciyesspor footballers
Adana Demirspor footballers
R. Wallonia Walhain Chaumont-Gistoux players
K.S.V. Roeselare players
FC Swift Hesperange players
R.E. Virton players
Belgian First Division B players
Belgian First Division A players
Süper Lig players
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Belgian expatriates in Turkey
Belgium under-21 international footballers
Belgium youth international footballers
Cinzio Filonardi (died 1534) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze (1534).
Biography
In 1534, Cinzio Filonardi was appointed during the papacy of Pope Clement VII as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze.
He served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze until his death in the same year.
De Caris served for only forty days, according to Orlandi, p. 60. Eubel, Hierarchia catholica III, p. 310, states that Filonardi died in November 1534, and that his successor Argoli was appointed on 13 November 1534; this leaves no room for De Caris. An addition to Ferdinando Ughelli, Italia sacra (Venice 1717) I, p. 1300, states that De Caris was appointed on 13 November and that Argoli was appointed on 23 November, likewise leaving no room for Orlandi's forty-day reign.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement VII
1534 deaths
Saudi Arabia competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.
Results by event
Athletics
Men's 5,000 metres
Alyan al-Qahtani
Qualification — did not start (→ did not advance)
Men's 10,000 metres
Alyan Al-Qahtani
Qualification — did not finish (→ did not advance)
Men's 4 × 400 m Relay
Saleh al-Saydan, Mohammed al-Beshi, Hashim al-Sharfa, and Hadi Souan Somayli
Heat — 3:04.67
Semi Final — 3:07.18 (→ did not advance)
Men's 400m Hurdles
Hadi Souan Somayli
Heat — 49.94s (→ did not advance)
Men's 3,000 metres Steeplechase
Ibrahim Al-Asiri Yahya
Heat — 8:46.37 (→ did not advance)
References
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1996 Summer Olympics
1996
1996 in Saudi Arabian sport
The Bay Area Dragons are a basketball team in the East Asia Super League. Based in Hong Kong, the team is meant to represent Greater China.
History
The Dragons were originally formed as the Bay Area Chun Yu Phoenixes as a franchise team for the East Asia Super League as a representative team for Greater China, with the core of the team intended to consist of players from mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. Hong Kong was made as the home venue of the Phoenixes. While the team is meant to represent Greater China, the Phoenixes are seeded as a team from Hong Kong. Both the Phoenixes and the P. League+ champions of Taiwan were designated by the EASL as Greater China's representatives.
The team was established under the agreement of the Hong Kong Basketball Association and the existing second-tier Chun Yu Basketball Club. The Phoenixes are the only franchise team in the EASL, with other participating teams seeded from domestic leagues from Japan, Taiwan, South Korea, and the Philippines.
Former Chinese Basketball Association general manager Liu Quansheng was appointed as the team's first general manager.
They are also set to play at the 2022–23 PBA Commissioner's Cup of the Philippine Basketball Association as a guest team. The team also changed their name to the "Bay Area Dragons" upon joining the PBA, to avoid confusion with the Phoenix Super LPG Fuel Masters. Accordingly the team made Metro Manila as its temporary home for at least a year due to COVID-19-related restrictions in Hong Kong. In May 2022, former NBL coach and incumbent Australia Boomers head coach Brian Goorjian was announced as the team's first head coach.
Roster
References
External links
Bay Area Dragons – East Asia Super League Profile
2021 establishments in Hong Kong
basketball teams established in 2021
Basketball teams in Hong Kong
Liam Grimwood is an English archer who won a gold medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
English male archers
Commonwealth Games medallists in archery
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Archers at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Latvia was represented by 21 athletes at the 2010 European Athletics Championships in Barcelona, Spain, including also the defending European champion in 110 metres hurdles Staņislavs Olijars.
Due to lack of funds, the Latvian Athletics Union was unable to fund Latvian delegation's participation in the event. Initially, also Dmitrijs Miļkevičs and Edgars Eriņš were among the competitors, but they decided not to participate, once they acknowledged the situation.
Results
At the 2010 European Athletics Championships Latvia won a total of 2 medals: 1 bronze and 1 gold.
Medal table
Medalists
Men
Track and road events
Field events
Women
Track and road events
Field events
Nations at the 2010 European Athletics Championships
2010
European Athletics Championships
Storrs Lovejoy Olson (April 3, 1944 – January 20, 2021) was an American biologist and ornithologist who spent his career at the Smithsonian Institution, retiring in 2008. One of the world's foremost avian paleontologists, he was best known for his studies of fossil and subfossil birds on islands such as Ascension, St. Helena and Hawaii. His early higher education took place at Florida State University in 1966, where he obtained a B.A. in biology, and the University of Florida, where he received an M.S. in biology. Olson's doctoral studies took place at Johns Hopkins University, in what was then the School of Hygiene and Public Health. He was married to fellow paleornithologist Helen F. James.
Early life and education
Olson was born April 4, 1944, in Chicago, Illinois. His father was physical oceanographer Franklyn C.W. Olson. He was named after his maternal conservationist grandfather P.S. Lovejoy. Franklyn worked at the University of Ohio's Stone Laboratory on Gibraltar Island. In these lacustrine surroundings, Storrs developed an interest in fish.
In 1950, Olson's family moved to Tallahassee, Florida when Franklyn took a job at Florida State University. Young Olson's interests shifted to ornithology at age 12. Olson graduated from Leon High School in 1962. In 1963, he moved to Panama to assist a friend with his research on fish. He would return to Panama in 1966 as an undergraduate, to study the immunology of vultures.
His higher education began at the University of Florida under the colorful Pierce Brodkorb and spurred his interest in paleornithology. He returned to Florida State in 1968 to complete his master's degree.
Career and graduate education
Olson's work in Panama attracted the attention of Alexander Wetmore in 1967, as Wetmore was preparing a monograph on Panama bird life. Their contact at the National Museum of Natural History (NMNH)—administered by the Smithsonian—earned Olson a summer job in the Fish and Wildlife Service under Richard C. Banks the next year. He then became resident manager at the Smithsonian's new Chesapeake Bay Center in Edgewater, Maryland.
The center had connections to Johns Hopkins University, and Olson was encouraged to enroll there for graduate school. He would matriculate at the School of Hygiene and Public Health in the Department of Pathobiology under Bernhard Bang. With the Smithsonian's backing, Olson went to Ascension Island and Saint Helena in 1970 and 1971, where he discovered the Saint Helena hoopoe and the Saint Helena crake. This work was the basis of his dissertation on the evolution of rails. Johns Hopkins would award Olson an Sc. D. in 1972.
By August 1971 he was working at the NMNH on a predoctoral fellowship. He wrote on fossil rails for a 1977 monograph by Sidney Dillon Ripley. In March 1975, he was made curator of the Division of Birds.
In 1976 he met his future wife Helen F. James who later became another notable paleornithologist herself, focusing on Late Quaternary prehistoric birds. During their pioneering research work on Hawaii, which lasted 23 years, Olson and James found and described the remains of 50 extinct bird species new to science, including the nēnē-nui, the moa-nalos, the apteribises, and the Grallistrix "stilt-owls". He was also one of the authors of the description of the extinct rodent Noronhomys vespuccii. In 1982, he discovered subfossil bones of the long ignored Brace's emerald on the Bahamas, which gave evidence that this hummingbird is a valid and distinct species.
In November 1999, Olson wrote an open letter to the National Geographic Society, in which he criticized Christopher P. Sloan's claims about the dinosaur-to-bird transition which referred to the fake species "Archaeoraptor". In 2000, he helped to resolve the mystery of Necropsar leguati from the World Museum Liverpool, which turned out to be an albinistic specimen of the grey trembler.
Personal life
Olson was married to his long-time colleague Helen F. James from 1981 until their divorce in 2006.
Honors
Olson has been decorated as one of the world's foremost paleornithologists. He was also the 1994 recipient of the Loye and Alden Miller Research Award. He was formerly curator of birds at the United States National Museum of Natural History; , he held an emeritus position in the institution.
Several prehistoric bird species have been named after Olson, including Nycticorax olsoni, Himantopus olsoni, Puffinus olsoni, Primobucco olsoni, Gallirallus storrsolsoni, and Quercypodargus olsoni. In addition, a sand stargazer fish, Storrsia olsoni has its binomial derived from and honouring Olson, who collected the type off Brazil.
References
External links
Biography
Smithsonian critiques National Geographic Society's claims about dinosaur to bird evolution in an open letter
Hawaii's Vanished Birds – About the research work by Olson and James
American ornithologists
Scientists from Chicago
1944 births
2021 deaths
WTCV, virtual channel 18 (UHF digital channel 21), is a Mega TV owned-and-operated television station licensed to San Juan, Puerto Rico. Owned by Spanish Broadcasting System, it is sister to radio stations WZNT (93.7 FM), WZMT (93.3 FM), WODA (94.7 FM), WNOD (94.1 FM), WRXD (96.5 FM), WIOB (97.5 FM), WMEG (106.9 FM) and WEGM (95.1 FM). WTCV shares studios with independent station WJPX (channel 24, owned by América-CV Station Group) at the Amelia Industrial Park in Guaynabo; the two stations share transmitter facilities at Barrio Cubuy in Canovanas.
WTCV operates two satellite stations: WVEO (virtual channel 18, UHF digital channel 17) in Aguadilla, with transmitter on Cerro Canto Gallo in Aguada, and WVOZ-TV (virtual channel 18, UHF digital channel 36) in Ponce, with transmitter on Sec Servo Paso in Peñuelas.
History
During the 1980s and early 1990s, WTCV was known as WSJU (for San Juan) and was an NBC affiliate, one of three commercial English-language network affiliates broadcasting in Puerto Rico (the others being WPRV-TV and WUJA) during the 80s. Around 1990, the station also carried the Home Shopping Network programming during most of the late-morning and afternoon hours. There are now four commercial English-language network affiliates in Puerto Rico, all of which broadcast from San Juan and Mayagüez.
On September 11, 2014, WTCV became a Mega TV owned-and-operated station, following the sale of Spanish Broadcasting System through its License Management Agreement for $1.9 million, leaving its status as an Independent station, while its former owner, International Broadcasting Corporation continues to be its Licensee, until SBS will transfer WIOA (99.9 FM), WIOC (105.1 FM) and WZET (92.1 FM) to IBC's TV operations. Beginning in March 2015, WTCV's local programming will be produced by SBS Puerto Rico, which owns Z-93, La Nueva 94, Estereotempo (now Play 96.5) and La Mega. The sale of WTCV with SBS was completed on September 1, 2015.
On January 12, 2018, WTCV announced that Conectao's por la Cocina, ¿Y Cual es su Opinion? and Descarao por la Noche had been canceled due to economic loss, as well as expiring contracts with local talent and production staff.
On September 24, 2019, WTCV and its satellite stations switched their virtual channel to 18.1 across all Puerto Rico.
Local programs produced by WTCV
Current Programing:
Los HP
La Movida
Los Vecinos
El Circo
Cocina Atrevida
Simplemente Inarus Curvy
Leyendas Sobre Ruedas
Construyendo el Futuro
Cuéntame
Previous Programing:
Sales de Oro Con Mr. Cash
¿Cual es su Opinion? With Rubén Sanchez
Descara'o Por la Noche With Rocky The Kid
Molusco y los Reyes de la Punta
La Garata
Informe 79 (1-Hour Format)Informe 79 Xtra Mega Noche con Héctor Marcano Lunch Break Nación Z Nación Z NacionalLa Videoteca del Día Nacional de la SalsaNational programming
Ahora con Oscar Haza Bayly Mega News Hablando Claro con el Padre Alberto Destinos Misticos La Musica Original Podcasts Testigo Directo Buena Vida SevcecNotable current on-air staff
Jorge Suárez Cáceres - Nación Z Leo Diaz Urbina - Nación Z Nacional Antonio Sanchez "El Gangster" - El Circo Héctor Marcano - Mega Noche Braulio Castillo - co-host of La Movida Johnny Lozada - co-host of Cuéntame''
Satellite stations
WTCV can be seen across Puerto Rico on the following stations:
Notes:
1. WVEO was owned by Southwestern Broadcasting, and serves as a satellite of WKBM-TV from its 1974 sign-on until 1981 and WAPA-TV from 1982 until 1999.
2. WVOZ-TV used the callsign WIEC from its 1986 sign-on until 1993.
Digital television
On February 17, 2009, WTCV signed off its analog signal and completed its move to digital.
Spectrum reallocation
On August 7, 2017, it was revealed that WTCV's over-the-air spectrum had been sold in the FCC's spectrum reallocation auction, fetching $4,737,874. WTCV would not sign off, but it would later share broadcast spectrum with WJPX, affiliated with América TeVé in Puerto Rico that covers the entire metropolitan area.
References
External links
Mega TV
Mass media in San Juan, Puerto Rico
Television channels and stations established in 1984
Spanish Broadcasting System stations
TCV
This is a list of Billboard magazine's Top Hot 100 songs of 1996.
See also
1996 in music
List of Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles of 1996
List of Billboard Hot 100 top-ten singles in 1996
References
1996 record charts
Billboard charts
The streak of a mineral is the color of the powder produced when it is dragged across an un-weathered surface. Unlike the apparent color of a mineral, which for most minerals can vary considerably, the trail of finely ground powder generally has a more consistent characteristic color, and is thus an important diagnostic tool in mineral identification. If no streak seems to be made, the mineral's streak is said to be white or colorless. Streak is particularly important as a diagnostic for opaque and colored materials. It is less useful for silicate minerals, most of which have a white streak or are too hard to powder easily.
The apparent color of a mineral can vary widely because of trace impurities or a disturbed macroscopic crystal structure. Small amounts of an impurity that strongly absorbs a particular wavelength can radically change the wavelengths of light that are reflected by the specimen, and thus change the apparent color. However, when the specimen is dragged to produce a streak, it is broken into randomly oriented microscopic crystals, and small impurities do not greatly affect the absorption of light.
The surface across which the mineral is dragged is called a "streak plate", and is generally made of unglazed porcelain tile. In the absence of a streak plate, the unglazed underside of a porcelain bowl or vase or the back of a glazed tile will work. Sometimes a streak is more easily or accurately described by comparing it with the "streak" made by another streak plate.
Because the trail left behind results from the mineral being crushed into powder, a streak can only be made of minerals softer than the streak plate, around 7 on the Mohs scale of mineral hardness. For harder minerals, the color of the powder can be determined by filing or crushing a small sample, which is then usually rubbed on a streak plate. Most minerals that are harder have an unhelpful white streak.
Some minerals leave a streak similar to their natural color, such as cinnabar, lazurite and native gold. Other minerals leave surprising colors, such as fluorite, which always has a white streak, although it can appear in purple, blue, yellow, or green crystals. Hematite, which is black in appearance, leaves a red streak which accounts for its name, which comes from the Greek word "haima", meaning "blood." Galena, which can be similar in appearance to hematite, is easily distinguished by its gray streak.
References
External links
Physical Characteristics of Minerals, at Introduction to Mineralogy by Andrea Bangert
What is Streak? from the Mineral Gallery
Mineralogy
The 1942 election to the Baseball Hall of Fame was the first election that was conducted in three years. The Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA) voted by mail to select from 20th century players and elected Rogers Hornsby.
This was the only election or committee meeting scheduled between 1939 and 1945, as the hall of fame had inducted its required number of ten players from the 20th century following the 1939 election; the United States was involved in World War II during that time. The only other activities were the special election of Lou Gehrig following his 1939 farewell and the prompt election of Commissioner Landis following his death late in 1944.
After the grand opening
After the National Baseball Museum opened in 1939, it remained to be determined how the membership in its Hall of Fame would be determined in the future. The Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA) had determined to vote every three years rather than annually, although it had voted in a special election to consider Lou Gehrig. That move was a widely criticized, as observers generally agreed that it was a good pace to elect about three recent players annually, as from 1936 to 1939.
After the Centennial Committee made six selections in 1939 from the figures of the 19th century, baseball's Commissioner Landis completely revised the committee's membership, designating it the Hall of Fame Committee and establishing it as the institution's permanent governing body. From 1939 to 1944 its four members were Athletics owner and manager Connie Mack, Yankees president Ed Barrow, Braves president Bob Quinn, and sportswriter Sid Mercer. This committee was responsible, in its function as the Old-Timers Committee, for selecting additional worthy candidates from the 19th century, but it never convened during this 5-year period, and thereby selected no one. Inaction fostered greater complaints that the stars of the 1880s and 1890s were being ignored. The relative slight was tiny because the baseball writers voted only once between 1939 and 1945 and elected only one recent player.
BBWAA election
Members of the BBWAA again had the authority to select any players active in the 20th century, provided they had been retired for one year. Voters were instructed to cast votes for 10 candidates; any candidate receiving votes on at least 75% of the ballots would be honored with induction to the Hall.
A total of 233 ballots were cast, with 2,328 individual votes for 72 specific candidates, an average of 9.99 per ballot; 175 votes were required for election. Players of the 1900s and 1910s, who many voters felt should be given priority, dominated the voting to an even greater extent than they had in 1939. Of the top 22 candidates in the voting, 17 had not seen any substantial play since 1917; only 3 of the top 32 had played their final season anytime between 1918 and 1933. Players who had been retired over 24 years – 42 of the 72 named – received 66% of the votes. The results were announced in January 1942. The sole candidate who received at least 75% of the vote and was elected is indicated in bold italics; candidates who have since been selected in subsequent elections are indicated in italics:
References
External links
1942 Election at www.baseballhalloffame
Baseball Hall of Fame balloting
1942 in baseball
Lotus Lady is a 1930 American drama film directed by Phil Rosen and starring Fern Andra, Ralph Emerson and Betty Francisco.
Cast
Fern Andra as Tamarah
Ralph Emerson as Larry Kelland
Betty Francisco as Claire Winton
Lucien Prival as Castro
Frank Leigh as Brent
Edward Cecil as George Kelland
Junior Pironne as Laddie
James B. Leong as Li
Joyzelle Joyner as The Dancer
References
Bibliography
Palmer, Scott. British Film Actors' Credits, 1895-1987. McFarland, 1988.
External links
1930 films
1930 drama films
1930s English-language films
American drama films
Films directed by Phil Rosen
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
Indiani is a monotypic genus of South American long-spinneret ground spiders containing the single species, Indiani gaspar. It was first described by B. V. B. Rodrigues, I. Cizauskas and Y. Lemos in 2020, and placed into the Prodidominae subfamily. it has only been found in Brazil.
See also
List of Prodidominae species
References
Prodidominae
Spiders of Brazil
The Z-TER (Z 21500) is a French model of electric multiple unit regional passenger train, manufactured by Alstom and Bombardier Transportation, and operated by SNCF.
They are used on regional links, and can be coupled with another Z-TER. They are derived from the French diesel passenger regional train "X-TER" (X 72500), and is the first regional train to reach 200 km/h.
As other regional trains, they are owned by the French regions, and are dispatched as :
19 "Pays de la Loire" region
15 "Centre" region
6 "Aquitaine" region
17 "Bretagne" region
See also
List of high speed trains
References
High-speed trains of France
Passenger trains running at least at 200 km/h in commercial operations
Electric multiple units of France
Transport express régional
1500 V DC multiple units
25 kV AC multiple units
Minin () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Minina. It may refer to
Fyodor Minin, Russian Arctic explorer
Kuzma Minin, 17th-century Russian military commander
Leonid Minin (born 1947), arms trafficker
Mikhail Minin (1922–2008)), World War II Soviet soldier
Nikita Minin, birth name of Russian Orthodox Patriarch Nikon
Oleg V. Minin (born 1960), Russian physicist
Vladilen F. Minin (born 1932), Soviet physicist
Russian-language surnames
Sarcanthopsis warocqueana, commonly known as the goliath orchid, is a large epiphytic or lithophytic orchid from the family Orchidaceae that forms large clumps. It has a long, thick, branched stems, thick, cord-like roots, many leathery, strap-like leaves and many cream-coloured, yellowish or greenish flowers with purple or brown spots. It grows near the sea, in coastal swamps and in rainforest, usually in full sun. It mainly only occurs in New Guinea.
Description
Saccolabiopsis rectifolia is a large epiphytic or lithophytic herb that forms large, straggly clumps and has thick, cord-like roots and thick, branched stems long. There are many fleshy, strap-like leaves long and wide at intervals about apart. A large number of resupinate cream-coloured, yellowish or greenish flowers with purple or brown spots, long and wide are arranged on a branched flowering stem long with between five and fifteen flowers on each branch. The sepals are long and wide, the petals a similar width but slightly shorter. The labellum is white with rose-coloured spots, about long and wide three lobes. The side lobes are triangular and the middle lobe is fleshy with a spur and a large, fleshy callus. Flowering occurs from April to August.
Taxonomy and naming
The goliath orchid was first formally described in 1891 by Robert Allen Rolfe who gave it the name Stauropsis warocqueana and published the description in Lindenia: iconography of orchids. In 1972, Leslie Andrew Garay changed the name to Sarcanthopsis warocqueana. The specific epithet (warocqueana) honours "M. G. Warocqué", in whose garden it flowered, producing the type specimen.
Distribution and habitat
Sarcanthopsis warocqueana grows from rocks on the coast, just above the water line to the branches of trees in rainforest at above sea level. It is found in eastern New Guinea and nearby islands. A single juvenile plant has been observed on Moa Island, Queensland.
References
Aeridinae
Epiphytic orchids
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of New Guinea
Orchids of Queensland
Plants described in 1891
Arthur B. Crean was a master sergeant in the United States Army during World War I. He was the first United States armed forces member to be issued a service number and thus holds service #1 in the United States Army.
When U.S. Army service numbers were discontinued in 1969, a report in the Des Moines Tribune noted that Master Sgt. Crean had been issued the number "ASN 1" on February 28, 1918.
Biography
Crean enlisted the United States Army in 1899 and by the outbreak of the First World War was part of the enlisted cadre who formed the core of the National Army. In 1920, he became one of the most senior enlisted members of the peacetime Regular Army.
Crean's service record was destroyed in the 1973 National Archives Fire but a pay record survived, listing some of his service information. He is listed on it as a medical sergeant and the only confirmed military decoration he received was the World War I Victory Medal.
In June 1921, when John Pershing was listed as holding the first officer service number (O-1), Crean's service number was slightly modified. His new number became "R-1" to denote Regular Army #1.
References
Sources
National Personnel Records Center, Service number data and information sheet, published 1995
Archival reconstruction record of Arthur Crean, Military Personnel Records Center
External links
U.S. service number information
United States Army soldiers
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
United States Army personnel of World War I
A special needs trust, also known in some jurisdictions as a supplemental needs trust, is a specialized trust that allows the disabled beneficiary to enjoy the use of property that is held in the trust for his or her benefit, while at the same time allowing the beneficiary to receive essential needs-based government benefits. A Special Needs Trust is a specific type of irrevocable trust that exists under Common Law. Several Common Law nations have established specific statutes relative to the creation and use of Special Needs Trusts, and where they exist a Special Needs Trust will not be valid unless it comports with the requirements listed in the statute. The applicable Federal statute in the United States is found at Title 42 United States Code Section 1396p(d)(4)(A). Several States have established their own statutes.
Generally, irrevocable trusts can be used for minors, beneficiaries with physical or mental challenges, and as a method of asset protection. In addition to the public benefits preservation reasons for such a trust, there are administrative advantages of using a trust to hold and manage property intended for the benefit of the beneficiary, especially if the beneficiary lacks the legal capacity to handle his or her own financial affairs. Special needs trusts may also be useful for people who are planning for possible future disability.
Throughout the world
A trust for a beneficiary with disability may be set up in any of the common law countries, including the United States, and also in other countries that recognize the concept of a "trust." In such jurisdictions, there is often legislation that provides advantages to such trusts in the areas of taxation and state benefits, e.g., in Ireland and the United Kingdom. In the United States of America, such trusts provide advantages in helping beneficiaries qualify for health care coverage under state Medicaid programs, and also for monthly cash payments under the Supplemental Security Income (SSI) program operated by the Social Security Administration.
Overview
Special needs trusts can provide benefits to, and protect the assets of, minors and the physically challenged or the mentally challenged. Special needs trusts are frequently used to receive an inheritance or personal injury settlement proceeds on behalf of a minor or a person with disability, or are founded from the proceeds of compensation for criminal injuries, litigation or insurance settlements.
A common feature of trusts in all common law jurisdictions is that they may be run either by family members (a private trust) or by trustees appointed by the court. Especially where a trust is to be established for a child or young person with disability, great care is generally taken in the choice of appropriate trustees to manage the trust assets and to deal with future replacement appointments. The use of a private discretionary trust can not only be more efficient in terms of taxation and access to government benefits but can also allow for more efficient investment of funds held than where funds are held by a court official (such as the Official Receiver in England and Wales). However where no appropriate trustees can be found, e.g. on the death of existing trustees, the court will intervene.
Special needs trusts are often set up under the guidance of a structured settlement planner in cooperation with a qualified legal and financial team to ensure the trust is set up correctly. Only authorized non-profit organizations are approved to manage a special needs trust program. Such pooled trusts are available throughout the United States and are often centered on certain purposes (often disabilities).
References
Further reading
Protect your government benefits with a special needs trust published by the National Structured Settlements Trade Association, 2011.
Blank, Richard S.., Jackins, Barbara D.. Special Needs Trust Administration Manual: A Guide for Trustees. United States: iUniverse, 2005.
Wills and trusts
Rosa 'Charlotte Armstrong' is a pink Hybrid tea rose cultivar developed by Dr. Walter Lammerts and introduced in the U.S. by Armstrong Roses in 1940. The rose won the All-America Rose Selections Award (AARS) and the Portland Gold Medal in 1941.
Description
'Charlotte Armstrong' is a vigorous, upright hybrid tea rose, in height with a spread. Blooms are large, with an average diameter of , and a full bloom form (26–40 petals). Long, pointed red buds open to medium-pink flowers with darker pink backs. The flowers have long, durable petals and a strong, sweet, citrus fragrance. Flowers are primarily carried singly on long stems. 'Charlotte Armstrong' blooms in flushes throughout the growing season. It is very disease resistant. The shrub has a lax, ungainly growth habit and dark green, leathery foliage.
History
Walter Lammerts
Walter E. Lammerts (1904-1996) was an author, horticulturist, and rose breeder. He earned a BS and PhD in horticulture from the University of California, Berkeley. In 1935, he was hired by John
Armstrong, owner of Armstrong Nurseries, and established the company's rose development program. He introduced 46 new rose varieties between 1940 and 1981. Working with Los Angeles newspaper owner, Manchester Boddy, Lammerts developed a plant research program at Descanso Gardens in La Cañada Flintridge, California. He later continued his plant research in Livermore, California working at the Amling-DeVor Nursery. Lammerts died on June 4, 1996.
'Charlotte Armstrong'
Lammerts developed the rose cultivar by crossing the yellow Hybrid tea, 'Soeur Therese' with red Hybrid tea rose, 'Crimson Glory'. Armstrong Roses introduced 'Charlotte Armstrong' into the U.S. in 1940, and named the new rose for John Armstrong's wife, Charlotte. 'Charlotte Armstrong' was used to hybridize twenty child plants, including 'Queen Elizabeth', 'Garden Party', 'Tiffany', and 'Chrysler Imperial'. The rose is the official flower of the city of Ontario, California, where Armstrong Roses is based. 'Charlotte Armstrong' won the All-America Rose Selections Award (AARS) and the Portland Gold Medal in 1941.
References
Charlotte Armstrong
1940 introductions
Colour Heugh and Bowden Doors are two crag rock formations in north Northumberland in North East England, designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI). The site is described as "arguably the most impressive exposures of the early-mid Dinantian Fell Sandstone Group in the whole of northern England".
Location and natural features
Colour Heugh and Bowden Doors are two crags situated north-north-east of Chatton and west of Belford in Northumberland. Bowden Doors comprises of west-south-west facing crags of 7–15 metres height; Colour Heugh, some north of Bowden Doors, is a similarly orientated crag. Both crags expose sandstone of the Dinantian Fell Sandstone Group, enabling its alluvial sedimentary strata to be seen, and preserving the shapes of meandering river-beds.
The condition of Colour Heugh and Bowden Doors was judged to be favourable in 2009.
Bowden Doors is a well-known rock-climbing crag, with several hundred routes mapped.
See also
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Northumberland
References
External links
Natural England SSSI record for Colour Heugh and Bowden Doors
Escarpments of England
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Northumberland
Sites of Special Scientific Interest notified in 1987
is a railway station on the Jōhana Line in city of Takaoka, Toyama, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Hayashi Station is a station on the Jōhana Line, and is located 4.6 kilometers from the end of the line at .
Layout
The station has one ground-level side platform serving a single bidirectional track. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 19 November 1956. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR West.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 22 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Hakusan Jinja
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Toyama Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1956
Jōhana Line
Takaoka, Toyama
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1510.
Events
c. January – Desiderius Erasmus begins his period of residence in Cambridge (England).
April 10 – Henry Cornelius Agrippa addresses the dedication of De occulta philosophia libri tres to Johannes Trithemius.
Aberdeen Breviary publication completed in Edinburgh, the first full-length book printed in Scotland and the last production of the Chepman and Myllar Press.
New books
Prose
Paolo Cortese – De Cardinalatu
Dinim de shehitah i bedikah (The Rules of Ritual Slaughter and Inspection of Animals) in Constantinople, the earliest known Judaeo-Spanish text, published in Constantinople.
Garci Rodríguez de Montalvo (died c. 1505) – Las sergas de Esplandián (The Adventures of Esplandián)
Ruiz Paez de Ribera – Florisando
probable – Thomas More: The Life of Johan Picus Erle of Myrandula
Poetry
Jean Marot – Voyage de Gênes
Approximate year – Stephen Hawes: , published by Wynkyn de Worde
Between 1510 and 1513 – The Friar and the Boy (fabliau published in English)
Births
unknown dates
Satomura Shōkyū (里村昌休), Japanese master of the linked verse renga (died 1552)
Luigi Tansillo, Italian Marinist Petrarchan poet (died 1568)
probable
Arnoldus Arlenius, Dutch humanist philosopher and poet (died 1582)
Hélisenne de Crenne (probably Marguerite Briet), French novelist and translator (died after 1552)
Sebestyén Tinódi Lantos, Hungarian lyricist, epic poet, political historian and minstrel (died 1556)
Martynas Mažvydas, Lithuanian religious writer (died 1563)
Thomas Phaer, Welsh lawyer, paediatrician and translator (died 1560)
Lope de Rueda, Spanish playwright and author (died 1565)
Robert Wedderburn, Scottish poet (died 1555/60)
Deaths
May 1 – Johannes Nauclerus, Swabian historian (born c. 1425)
August 23 – Ulrich Gering, printer
September (14, 15 or 16) – Saint Catherine of Genoa, mystic (born 1447)
November 11 – Bohuslav Hasištejnský z Lobkovic, Bohemian humanist writer and noble (born 1461)
unknown date – Pothana, Telugu poet (born 1450)
References
1510
1510 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
Kansas's 24th Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Kansas Senate. It has been represented by Republican Randall Hardy since 2017; Hardy was defeated in the 2020 Republican primary by State Representative J. R. Claeys.
Geography
District 24 is based in the city of Salina, also covering Abilene, Solomon, Chapman, and other smaller communities in Saline County and some of Dickinson County.
The district is located entirely within Kansas's 1st congressional district, and overlaps with the 69th, 70th, 71st, and 108th districts of the Kansas House of Representatives.
Recent election results
2020
2016
2012
Federal and statewide results in District 24
References
24
Dickinson County, Kansas
Saline County, Kansas
New York State Route 340 (NY 340) is a state highway in southeastern Rockland County, New York, in the United States. Though it is signed as an east–west route, it actually follows a north–south alignment. The southern terminus of the route is at the New Jersey state line in Palisades, where it becomes County Route 501 (CR 501). The northern terminus is at an intersection with NY 303 in Orangeburg; however, according to the New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT), the route continued for another to the northwest of NY 303 until by 2017. NY 340 was assigned to part of its modern routing in the early 1930s and extended to its current length in the early 1940s.
Route description
NY 340 begins at the New Jersey–New York border in Palisades. Directly south of the border is Rockleigh, New Jersey, in which the route continues as that state's CR 501. The route heads northward through the town of Orangetown, serving a residential community before entering a more forested area and crossing over the Palisades Interstate Parkway (PIP). Not far to the north is the densely populated hamlet of Sparkill, where the highway passes Rockland Country Club and John O'Rourke Memorial Park. In the center of Sparkill, NY 340 indirectly connects to southbound U.S. Route 9W (US 9W) and meets CR 8, the only county route that NY 340 comes in contact with. Just past the indirect junction with US 9W is an intersection with Ferdon Avenue, where maintenance of NY 340 shifts from NYSDOT to the town of Orangetown.
Just northwest of Ferdon Avenue, the route briefly enters the village of Piermont, where it remains locally maintained. Here, it indirectly connects to US 9W northbound. Outside of the village limits, NYSDOT resumes maintenance of the highway as it traverses areas more commercial and educational in nature. Along this last stretch, NY 340 passes St. Thomas Aquinas College before intersecting NY 303 near the hamlet of Orangeburg. This junction serves as the northern terminus of NY 340; however, the route officially continued for another to a 90-degree turn where Orangeburg Road (NY 340) becomes Greenbush Road. One block north of this point is the eastern terminus of CR 20, which provides access to the PIP from NY 303 and NY 340. It was truncated to end at NY 303 by 2017.
History
The alignment that currently is modern NY 340 was first constructed in the early 1800s by local judge and entrepreneur Cornelius Blauvelt. The road was constructed to connect Tappan Landing (current-day Piermont) with then the settlement of Greenbush for purposes of transporting produce.
The portion of modern NY 340 south of Sparkill was originally designated as part of US 9W in 1927. At the time, US 9W continued south into New Jersey on what is now CR 501 and north from Sparkill on its modern alignment. By 1929, US 9W was realigned near the New York–New Jersey state line to run along the Hudson River from Fort Lee, New Jersey, to Sparkill. The former routing of US 9W between the state line and Sparkill was designated as NY 340 . NY 340 was extended northwestward to its current northern terminus in the early 1940s.
Major intersections
Despite NY 340 having an east-west designation, much of the route is north-south and its mileposts begin at its western terminus.
See also
References
External links
340
Transportation in Rockland County, New York
Schio () is a railway station in the Italian town of Schio, in the Veneto region. The station lies on the Vicenza–Schio railway and the train services are operated by Trenitalia.
Train services
The station is served by the following service(s):
Local services (Treno regionale) Vicenza - Thiene - Schio
Railway stations in Veneto
Province of Vicenza
Schio
Glyphipterix californiae is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Walsingham in 1881. It is found in California.
References
Moths described in 1881
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of North America
In mathematics, in the field of ordinary differential equations, the Sturm–Picone comparison theorem, named after Jacques Charles François Sturm and Mauro Picone, is a classical theorem which provides criteria for the oscillation and non-oscillation of solutions of certain linear differential equations in the real domain.
Let , for be real-valued continuous functions on the interval and let
be two homogeneous linear second order differential equations in self-adjoint form with
and
Let be a non-trivial solution of (1) with successive roots at and and let be a non-trivial solution of (2). Then one of the following properties holds.
There exists an in such that or
there exists a in such that .
The first part of the conclusion is due to Sturm (1836), while the second (alternative) part of the theorem is due to Picone (1910) whose simple proof was given using his now famous Picone identity. In the special case where both equations are identical one obtains the Sturm separation theorem.
Notes
References
Diaz, J. B.; McLaughlin, Joyce R. Sturm comparison theorems for ordinary and partial differential equations. Bull. Amer. Math. Soc. 75 1969 335–339
Heinrich Guggenheimer (1977) Applicable Geometry, page 79, Krieger, Huntington .
Ordinary differential equations
Theorems in analysis
Aissa Moukrim (born 8 February 1964) is a Moroccan boxer. He competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Moroccan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Morocco
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Flyweight boxers
WSST may refer to:
Wisconsin Society of Science Teachers
WSST-TV, a television station (channel 34, virtual 55) licensed to serve Cordele, Georgia, United States
WSST-LD, a low-power television station (channel 28, virtual 55) licensed to serve Albany, Georgia
Robert Wulnikowski (born 11 July 1977) is Polish-German former professional football goalkeeper and now goalkeeping coach.
Career
Born in Bydgoszcz, Wulnikowski began with football in his hometown at the Polish club Zawisza Bydgoszcz. In 1990, he entered the youth division of the FC Schalke 04. In 1997, he was promoted to the second team of the club and played in the Oberliga Westfalen. In 1999, he joined the third division team 1. FC Union Berlin. At Union Berlin, Wulnikowski was initially substitute goalkeeper behind Kay Wehner (Saison 1999–2000) and Sven Beuckert (2000–2002). In 2001, Union was promoted to the 2. Bundesliga without Wulnikowski playing a single league match. In the 2000–01 DFB-Pokal quarter-final against VfL Bochum, Wulnikowski came on after 30 minutes for an injured Beuckert. Union Berlin won that match and succeeded in reaching the final (0–2 against Schalke 04). After the dismissal of longtime coach Georgi Vasilev in October 2002 and the commitment of coach Mirko Votava, Wulnikowski became first-choice goalkeeper For Union Berlin. By the end of the 2003–04 season, after the club was relegated as next to last in the table again, Wulnikowski had completed a total of 54 second-division games for the club.
Wulnikowski moved then to Rot-Weiss Essen for an unknown transfer fee. At the beginning of the season, Wulnikowski was in the starting squad, but made an error in the first match. From matchday three on, coach Jürgen Gelsdorf replaced him with René Renno. At the end of the season, Rot-Weiss Essen was relegated and the contract with the goalkeeper cancelled.
In 2005, Wulnikowski subsequently joined VfR Aalen in the Regionalliga Süd. He completed two seasons as first-choice goalkeeper there. In April 2007, Wulnikowski announce his move to league rivals Sportfreunde Siegen. During the 2007–08 season, he was first-choice goalkeeper for Siegen.
At the beginning of the 2008–09 season, he moved to the third division club Kickers Offenbach. In the 2009–10 winter break, he extended his contract for another three years until the end of the 2012–13 season.
On 27 October 2010, he became nationwide famous for his fantastic match in the 2010–11 DFB-Pokal against Borussia Dortmund, in which he saved two penalties and single-handedly destroyed Dortmund's several other good goal chances. Offenbach won the match 4–2 after Penalty shootout and moved on to round three. He left Offenbach at the end of the 2012–13 season, after they were relegated from the 3. Liga. After six months without a club, he signed for RB Leipzig II for half a season, before joining Würzburger Kickers in July 2014. In June 2017, Wulnikowski ended his professional career and became goalkeeping coach for Würzburger Kickers.
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bydgoszcz
Association football goalkeepers
German footballers
Polish footballers
German people of Polish descent
FC Schalke 04 II players
1. FC Union Berlin players
Rot-Weiss Essen players
VfR Aalen players
Sportfreunde Siegen players
Kickers Offenbach players
RB Leipzig II players
Würzburger Kickers players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Myra Frances (13 April 1942 – 30 March 2021) was a British actress known for her role in the drama series Survivors and in Doctor Who.
Career
In the 1974 Second City Firsts episode "Girl", Frances and Alison Steadman performed the first lesbian kiss on British television.
Frances is best known for her recurring role as Anne Tranter in the 1970s television drama series Survivors and for her appearance in the 1979 Doctor Who is a serial The Creature from the Pit, in which she played the villainous Lady Adrasta. She appeared in several comedy films of the 1970s, including Don't Just Lie There, Say Something! (1974), as Jean Fenton, having taken over from Deborah Grant in the stage production at the Garrick Theatre in 1972. She played a schoolteacher at a party in the film Remembrance (1982), about a group of Devonport-based Royal Navy ratings, due to sail to America for a six-month NATO exercise, who go out on the town on their last night in port, hitting Plymouth's notorious Union Street district, with violent results.
Frances was James Hadleigh's love interest, Stella Clisby, in the fourth series of Hadleigh, and in 1976 played a barrister, Valerie Scott, in several episodes of Crown Court.
Frances left acting, though in the period 1991 to 1993, she directed several plays at the Mill theatre in Sonning, Berkshire.
Personal life and death
Frances was first married to the actor Robert Taylor; the couple had one child, actress Rebecca Egan, but divorced. Frances met her second husband Peter Egan in 1972 while working on the show The Organisation; they married on 13 February 1972. Frances died on 30 March 2021, after suffering from cancer over a long period.
Along with her husband, Frances was an animal rights campaigner, including as an ambassador for Saving Suffering Strays and active supporter of Animals Asia Foundation.
References
External links
1943 births
2021 deaths
British television actresses
Deaths from cancer in England
The Ogarshikha () is a river in Perm Krai of Russia. It is a left tributary of the Bolshaya Motovilikha. The Ogarshikha is long. It flows over the eastern part of Perm.
References
Perm, Russia
Rivers of Perm Krai
Tributaries of the Kama
USS Inca, a 3,381-ton (light displacement) "Liberty" ship, was launched in March 1943 at Los Angeles, California, and entered merchant service later the same month as SS William B. Allison, MCE hull 724. Two years later she would be taken into US Navy as stores ship and renamed USS Inca (IX-229). For much of her service as Inca she was also named USS Gamage (IX-227) because of bureaucratic confusion.
Service history
William B. Allison was laid down by California Shipbuilding Corporation, Los Angeles, California on 8 February 1943, and launched on February 10, 1943 under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract under the Emergency Shipbuilding program. She was named after William B. Allison, (March 2, 1829 – August 4, 1908) a politician and leader of the Iowa Republican Party and became a United States House of Representatives member. He supported Abraham Lincoln for President of the United States. William B. Allison was built for the War Shipping Administration (WSA), who allocated the ship to Waterman Steamship Corporation for operation as a World War II United States Merchant Navy ship. William B. Allison took supplies to the troops fighting in the Pacific War, including supplies to Naval Base Okinawa.
On 25 May 1945 she was damaged by an aircraft torpedo off Nakagusuku Wan, Okinawa, killing 8 crew members and wounding two. She was towed into port and declared a constructive total loss, not suitable for repair. On 25 July 1945, based on a recommendation from the local War Shipping Administration (WSA) official, the Chief of Naval Operations (CNO) authorized Commander Service Division (ComServDiv) 104 to accept the ship "as is" at Okinawa and place her in service for non-self propelled floating dry storage. ComServDiv 104 accepted her at Okinawa on 30 July and on 6 August the Secretary of the Navy (SECNAV) approved the name Inca and designator IX-229 for her. She was converted to a storage ship by USS Vestal (AR-4) and USS Zaniah (AG-70), and was in Buckner Bay, Okinawa, when typhoons struck on 16 September and 9 October 1945. During the September typhoon she was hit by a merchant ship and suffered topside damage that was considered repairable, and she continued to issue supplies to ships in the bay. During the October typhoon she broke adrift and was one of several ships that USS Nestor (ARB-6) reported nearly hit her as Nestor was inexorably being driven ashore. Inca went aground during the storm and remained aground afterward, but plans to survey her in late October were canceled and she appears to have remained in service as a storage ship into December.
Name Confusion
Inca was placed in the category "grounded ships, salvage not warranted" on 2 January 1946, and on 12 January 1946 ComServDiv 104 reported that the ship was no longer required, that an informal inspection indicated needed repairs were too extensive, and asked that she be returned to WSA. In turn, the Commander in Chief, Pacific (CINCPAC) asked CNO what disposition was desired for Inca. CNO's response of 15 January, "above incorrect," was probably the first clear indication received in the Pacific that the name and designation they had been using for this ship for the past five months were wrong. Back in early July 1945 the Navy had planned to take over another damaged Liberty ship, Henry L. Abbott, for self-propelled floating storage of lubricants and drummed petroleum products at Ulithi, and on 14 July SECNAV approved the name Gamage and designation IX-227 for the ex-Henry L. Abbott. On 21 July, however, CNO wrote to the War Shipping Administration and asked that his request of 13 July for the Henry L. Abbott be canceled, because her poor hull condition made her unsuitable for use as dry cargo floating storage. CNO had already advised CINCPAC a day earlier of the cancellation of Henry L. Abbott. The Navy later decided to shift the name Gamage and the designation IX-227 to the ex-William B. Allison and cancel the name and number given that ship on 6 August. This directive has not come to light in the archives, and the cryptic question sent to CINCPAC by CNO on 17 August, "Request information re acceptances William B. Allison for Gamage (IX-227) in lieu of Henry L. Abbott" appears to have gone unappreciated when CINCPAC on 24 August and again on 4 September reported the 30 July acceptance. The ex-William B. Allison was consistently called Inca in all reporting from the Pacific Theater through mid-January 1946, and a photograph of her ashore at Buckner Bay appears to show the hull number IX-229 painted on her bow.
Disposition
On 15 January 1946 CNO directed that the ship be redelivered to WSA. She was placed out of service on 8 February 1946, when she was reported lying on the bottom in Yonabaru Wan, Buckner Bay, Okinawa, with water in the holds up to the tween-decks. and was stricken from the Navy List on 12 March 1946. On 26 February CNO told the naval base at Okinawa that WSA Okinawa was authorized to accept redelivery, but on 27 March the Okinawa naval base replied that WSA Okinawa refused to accept delivery without a specific directive from WSA Washington. The ship was finally redelivered to War Shipping Administration as she lay on 6 April 1946. The Maritime Commission sold her under her merchant name, William B. Allison, with seven other Okinawa wrecks, including USS Ocelot (IX-110), Vandalia (IX-191) and five civilian Liberty ships, to China Merchants and Engineers, Inc., for scrap. The ships were delivered to the buyer on 19 February 1948 under the condition that they be scrapped within two years and three months. An extension was later granted, and scrapping of all the ships except one of the civilian vessels was reported complete on 31 January 1952. Not worth repairing, William B. Allison was scrapped in China in 1948.
References
Liberty ships
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
1943 ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
Maritime incidents in May 1945
The Phnom Penh stampede occurred on 22 November 2010 when 347 people were killed and another 755 were injured in a human stampede during the Khmer Water Festival celebrations in the Cambodian capital, Phnom Penh.
Background
The stampede occurred at the end of the three-day Water Festival to celebrate the end of the monsoon season and the semiannual reversal of flow of the Tonlé Sap river. Initial reports suggest that festival-goers had gathered on Koh Pich ("Diamond Island"), a spit of land stretching into the Tonlé Sap, to watch boat races and then a concert. Around four million people had attended the festival.
It was the third incident in the festival's history resulting in fatalities, though it was by far the worst; five rowers on a boat drowned in 2008, and another drowned in 2009.
Incident
The stampede began at 21:30 local time (14:30 UTC) on a bridge across the river, though witnesses said that people had been "stuck on the bridge" for several hours before, and victims were not freed until hours after the actual stampede occurred. 347 people died, and upwards of 755 more people were injured, some seriously, and many local hospitals were pushed far beyond capacity by the influx of victims. At one point, the death toll had been listed as being 456, but on 25 November, the government decreased its official death toll to 347, based on the total put forth by Cambodian minister of social affairs Ith Sam Heng.
Cause
A witness said the cause of the stampede was "too many people on the bridge and...both ends were pushing. This caused a sudden panic. The pushing caused those in the middle to fall to the ground, then [get] crushed." While trying to get away from the stampede, he said that people pulled down electrical wires, causing more people to die of electrocution. These claims were backed up by one of the doctors treating patients, who said that electrocution and suffocation were the primary causes of death among the casualties, though the government disputed the claims of electric shock.
A journalist from The Phnom Penh Post said that the stampede had occurred due to police forces firing a water cannon into people on the bridge in an attempt to force them to move off the bridge after it began swaying, which had triggered panic among those on it.
Information Minister Khieu Kanharith said that the stampede began when panic broke out after several people fell unconscious on the crowded island.
Reaction
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen said that "with this miserable event, I would like to share my condolences with my compatriots and the family members of the victims." He ordered an inquiry to be conducted in response to the incident, and declared 25 November to be a day of mourning. The government said that the investigation would be conducted by a special committee that would take evidence and testimony from witnesses to the incident. The preliminary reports of the investigation, released on 24 November, said that the stampede had been triggered by the swaying of the bridge, which had caused panic among many of those on it.
The government said that it would pay five million riels, or US$1,250, to the families of each of the dead, as well as paying a million riel ($250) to each of the injured. On 24 November, the government announced it planned to construct a stupa as a memorial to those killed in the incident.
On 23 November, the day after the incident, around 500 Buddhist monks visited the site of the stampede to chant prayers for those who had died.
References
External links
The Koh Pich Tragedy: One Year on, Questions Remain - Cambodian Center for Human Rights - November 2011.
2010 in Cambodia
Human stampedes in 2010
History of Phnom Penh
Man-made disasters in Cambodia
21st century in Phnom Penh
Supper Moment is a four-member rock band from Hong Kong. They were formed in 2006 and officially debuted in 2010 under Redline Music.
Members
They consist of lead vocalist and guitarist Sunny (), lead guitarist Martin (), bass guitarist CK () and drummer Hugh (; also: Tat).
Origin of band name
The name originated from the members' attitude towards supper. Supper means dinner. They believe that dinner time is treasurable and precious for Hong Kong people as they are busy and do not have much time to spend with family at home. However, supper should be the warmest moment of the day which many people may neglect of it. As it implies that someone is waiting you at home or waiting to have dinner after your busy working or studying day etc. Therefore, they want to use their music to let people reflect on their daily life and make their life to be more wonderful.
Discography
Albums
Concerts and mini shows
等等... CD Release Show
旅程 CD Release Show
Supper Moment @ Live Stage Langham Place
起動心跳 Live
再次心跳 Concert (same name as their third album)
Supper Moment @ Fullcupmusic Cafe
Supper Moment x Neway Music Live
小伙子出城記 autograph signing party
世界變了樣 Concert (same name as their fifth album)
Redline Music 5th Anniversary Party
世界變了樣 China tour
世界變了樣 Home station
Superjoy Live 2015
Time Out Hong Kong's Big Night Out
HMV x MOOV Supper Moment Alive on Stage
溫柔革命10th Anniversary Concert 17. Supper Moment London Live 2017 18. Supper Moment 【dal segno】CD release show 19. Supper Moment Live 2018 at Hong Kong Coliseum 20. Supper Moment Live 2019 in Macao and Foshan 21. Supper Moment x Miriam Lam MOOV Live 2019 22. Supper Moment Live 2020 in Vancouvor and Toronto
Chart performance
Supper Moment has topped major charts in Hong Kong many times. 過後 was their first song to achieve number 1, topping the 903 chart in week 1 of 2013. 無盡 repeated the feat in week 38 of 2013, and 世界變了樣 topped the RTHK chart in week 52 of 2013.
By the end of 2017, 大丈夫 was Supper Moment's first song to top all four major charts in Hong Kong.
Awards
Year 2008 : Soundbase Festival 2008 Acoustic Band Competition (Gold Prize)
Year 2009 : A-Space Our Rock Story 5 Band Competition ( Champion, Best Vocal, Best Drummer and Best Original Song Award)
Year 2010 : 「伊維特樂樂園」"hea爆華山Simple Life" Original Song Competition ( 1st runner-up)
Year 2013 : 2013 CASH Golden Sail Music Awards ( Best Performance by a Band (機械人))
Year 2013 : 2013 Ultimate Song Chart Awards Presentation (Ultimate Group - Silver)
Year 2014 : 36th Top Ten Chinese Gold Songs Award Concert (Best Improvement Award - Gold)
Year 2014 : 2014 CASH Golden Sail Music Awards (Best Melody (無盡))
Year 2014 : 15th Chinese Music Media Award (Cantonese Song (世界變了樣))
Year 2015 : 2015 CASH Golden Sail Music Awards ( Best Performance by a Band (幸福之歌))
Year 2015 : 2015 CASH Golden Sail Music Awards (6th Koo Kar Fai New Generation Music Award)
Year 2015 : 2015 Jade Solid Gold Best Ten Music Awards Presentation (Best Performance Award - Gold)
Year 2015 : 2015 Jade Solid Gold Best Ten Music Awards Presentation (Best Band - Silver)
Year 2016 : 2015 Ultimate Song Chart Awards Presentation (Ultimate Top Ten Songs - 10th (幸福之歌))
Year 2016 : 2015 Ultimate Song Chart Awards Presentation (Ultimate Group - Gold)
Year 2016 : 2015 Ultimate Song Chart Awards Presentation (Ultimate My Favourite Group)
Year 2016 : 38th Top Ten Chinese Gold Songs Award Concert (Best band/Group Award - Gold)
References
Cantopop musical groups
Cantonese-language singers
The Ballads were an American vocal group formed in 1961 in Oakland. Band members included Nathaniel Romerson, Jon Foster, Rico Thompson, and Leslie LaPalmer The band had one hit single in 1968, entitled "God Bless Our Love". This song reached #65 on the Billboard pop singles charts and #8 on the R&B Singles charts. This song was picked by WDIA program director Bill Thomas as a "Biggest Leftfield Happening" in Billboard's programming aids. The B side of this record was the song "My Baby Knows How to Love Her Man." This record was released on Venture Records #615.
Nathaniel "Nate" Romerson (born on October 26, 1937) died on April 22, 2013, at the age of 75. He started the group in 1961, and he was also one of the background singers.
References
Musical groups established in 1961
Musical groups from Oakland, California
1961 establishments in California
British Gymnastics, also known as the British Amateur Gymnastics Association (BAGA), is the sports governing body for gymnastics and Trampolining in the UK.
History
It was founded in 1888 as the Amateur Gymnastics and Fencing Association. Gymnastics had been adopted in this country, having been invented in Germany by Friedrich Ludwig Jahn, to improve the health and fitness of its soldiers. The rings, pommel horse, parallel bars, and horizontal bar were developed by Jahn. In the late 1800s gymnastics became popular for men thanks to the Army Physical Training Corps which was formed in 1860. Walter Tysall won the men's silver medal in the 1908 Olympics. After this time the Swedish form of gymnastics became more popular, a more artistic version developed by Pehr Henrik Ling which was for men and women, and needed little apparatus.
Women first competed at the Olympics in gymnastics at the 1928 Olympics in Amsterdam, where the British women's team took the bronze – its best performance.
After the Second World War, the German and Swedish forms of gymnastics were combined. The 1960 Rome Olympics were the first to be televised, and this led to a greater interest in Britain of gymnastics. This Olympics had been dominated by Russian female gymnasts. In 1963 the Amateur Gymnastics Association became the British Amateur Gymnastics Association, and the BAGA first received a government grant, allowing it to pay coaches, and appoint a full-time national coach, Wray Stuart. He developed the BAGA Awards, a proficiency scheme for young gymnasts, which was adopted by seventy other countries.
The BAGA Awards started to produce results for Britain. Gymnastics were given superstar status by the 1972 Olympics at Munich.
At the 2008 Beijing Olympics, an individual Bronze for Louis Smith was a breakthrough with the first medal in decades.
At the 2012 London Olympics, the Men's Artistic Gymnastics team won Bronze with individual Silver for Louis Smith and Bronze for Max Whitlock on Pommel and individual Bronze for Beth Tweddle on Uneven bars.
BAGA was registered as a company on 20 April 1982. In 1979 the Sports Council had built a gym at Lilleshall, equipped to international standards in 1980, with the Queen Elizabeth Hall. In 1981 a £18,000 feasibility study looked at developing Lilleshall into a national centre, and in October 1982 the Sports Council allocated £1 million to develop a national centre.
Anne, Princess Royal opened the £1.75 million Princess Royal Halls at Lilleshall on 26 April 1988, paid for by the Sports Council. There is also the King George VI Hall and Ford Hall. Use of Lilleshall for gymnastics increased greatly throughout the late 1970s under Derek Tremayne. In 1997 BAGA became British Gymnastics.
Function
It is the main sport governing body for gymnastics throughout the UK, developing gymnasts, coaches clubs and officiating in all gymnastic disciplines.
British Gymnastics aims to meet the following aspirations by 2017:
Gymnastics is seen as one of the top three sports in the UK
The British Gymnastics brand is internationally recognized and a household name
The Gymnastics club is the hub of the local community
Success creates global icons
The eight strategic priorities of the 2013-2017 plan are as follows:
Create a brand that reflects the values of the sport and unifies the gymnastics community in the UK
Ensure systems and processes enable the effective and efficient delivery of the sport in the UK
Invest in the development of coaches and associated delivery systems
Define new markets/experiences for the 9+ cohort and introduce strategies to stimulate greater participation
Strengthen and support the high performance network/system across all disciplines
Increase club access to facilities and new spaces resulting from austerity measures being introduced in local government and businesses
Assist clubs and coaches to fill the gap in service provision in schools and identify future talent
Create a spectacular event in every major city designed to entertain a non-gymnastics' audience
Publications
Its main publication is The Gymnast, having been published since 1959. Since 2011 it has been released in an online format only Most news is now released via the British Gymnastics Website, Social Media and the weekly Gymblast email newsletter
See also
Whyte Review that detailed sexual, physical and emotional abuse in gymnastics in Britain
Great Britain women's national gymnastics team
References
External links
Gymnastics Clubs Directory
Video clips
BGTV YouTube channel
1888 establishments in the United Kingdom
Gymnastics in the United Kingdom
Gymnastics organizations
Great Britain
Organisations based in Shropshire
Sport in Shropshire
Gymnastics
Sports organizations established in 1888
The 1936 season was the Hawthorn Football Club's 12th season in the Victorian Football League and 35th overall.
Fixture
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
Law and Grace (also The Original Sin; The Redemption of Mankind; Law and Gospel; Damnation and Salvation; The Fall and the Redemption of Mankind, The Old Testament as Lex and the New Testament as Gratia, in German: Sündenfall und Erlösung or Gesetz und Gnade, Gesetz und Evangelium) is considered one of the most important paintings by Lucas Cranach the Elder. This work, in the collection of the National Gallery in Prague, is one of the two oldest known versions of this theme, and was executed in 1529. It is also called ‘the Prague type' and provided the model for a series of other paintings including an early 16th-century copy that is also kept in the Prague National Gallery's collection of Old European art. It is the best-known and most influential allegory depicting the fundamental tenets of Luther's reform of the church.
History of the picture
The picture's origins are not known, but it was probably commissioned for a church in north Bohemia. In the late 18th century it was the property of the Lords of Vrbno, from where it came into the collection of Count Johann Nepomuk von Nostitz-Rieneck. Between 1814 and 1922 it was loaned from his collection to the Picture Gallery of the Society of Patriotic Friends of Art. In 1922 the picture was returned to its owners and in 1950 it was acquired by the National Gallery in Prague.
The copy of the picture also comes from the property of the Lords of Vrbno. In 1800 it was loaned to the National Gallery in Prague by Marie Anna Thun, née Kolowrat-Liebsteinsky.
Description
Oil on lime-wood panel. The dimensions of 72 x 88.5 cm are the result of the sides and bottom part of the original picture being cut off before 1815. The missing bottom part contained texts and survives in the copy of the picture that is also in the collection of the National Gallery in Prague. Infrared reflectography revealed underdrawing executed freehand with numerous small details determining the physiognomy of the figures. The painting adheres to the underdrawing and only occasionally makes the form more specific.
Infrared reflectography examination of the copy of the original picture measuring 87 x 88.5 cm, whose visual composition is identical to the original but which still retains the texts, revealed a squared grid that was used in making it. The pigment used and the painting style correspond with a date of origin around the mid-16th century. The texts in German precisely identify the individual figures and scenes, explaining their meaning. The image is thus an important means of interpreting Luther's teaching on ‘justification by faith'.
Interpretation of the picture
The painting is symmetrically divided into two halves by the Tree of Life whose branches are dry on the left and green on the right. The left half (sub lege) depicts the stories of the Old Testament: the kneeling Moses receiving the tablets of the Ten Commandments on Mount Sinai; Adam and Eve under the Tree of Knowledge; the camp of the Israelites who have defied God and are dying after being bitten by venomous snakes; a pole with the raised-up serpent in the desert – the bronze serpent that protected those who looked up to it; and an open tomb with a dead person as the symbol of death.
The naked man sitting in the middle under the tree, his body on the side of sin (Law) and his head turned to the side of Grace, is being spoken to from the left by the Old Testament prophet Isaiah, who is pointing to the Crucified Redeemer in the other half of the scene portraying symbols of Divine Mercy. John the Baptist, who is turning to the man from the right-hand side of the picture, shows the Lamb of God with a Heraldic flag – the symbol of salvation.
On the right-hand side (sub gratis), scenes from the New Testament are depicted: the Crucifixion and the Lamb of God; Mary on Mount Zion symbolising the faithful who meekly and humbly submit to God's will; Christ incarnate with the cross flying from a choir of angels to Mary; and the Annunciation to the shepherds in the background. The resurrected Jesus stands in the foreground and he crushes underfoot the serpent and a human skeleton as symbols of the devil and death.
In his work De Servo Arbitrio (1525), Martin Luther bases his ideas on the Letter of Paul to the Romans and explains his concept more specifically. Also influenced by Philip Melanchthon, Cranach's visual interpretation of Luther's teaching dates from the period after 1528. It explains the difference between Catholicism (based on the Old Testament) and Protestantism (based on belief in Divine Mercy). Following the publication of Melanchton's Augsburg Confession (1530), the painting thus symbolised a highly topical image of the Church at a crossroads.
Cranach produced several compositions on the theme of ‘Law and Mercy' that adhere to the arrangement of two halves depicting the Old and New Testament. In their details, however, they differ markedly. The first similar depiction is Cranach's illustration for the title page of Luther's work Auslegung der Evangelien vom Advent bis cum Ostern (1528, Wittenberg) that corresponds with the Prague picture, which is one of two surviving early types.
The second one of the early versions (‘the Gotha type', 1529) is owned by the Friedenstein Castle Foundation, Gotha (Stiftung Schloss Friedenstein Gotha). It differs from the Prague version above all in how both scenes are divided from each other, thus recalling the two sides of an open book.
The left-hand side portrays Christ as the ruler of the sphere and the justice of the Last Judgment with rows of supplicants on both sides. Below on Earth, a naked and defenceless man (Adam), pursued by death and the devil, is fleeing into burning hell with its heads of sinners. Moses, surrounded by prophets, strictly points a finger at the pages of the Ten Commandments and confirms the inevitability of his fate.
In the right-hand side, John the Baptist points to the naked man Christ on the cross as the Saviour (in the words of John's Gospel, (1:29): ‘Behold, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sin of the world!') Blood from Christ's side, bringing salvation and mingling with the dove of the Holy Spirit, spurts on to the head of the man (the concept of washing away the sins of man through the Holy Spirit, similar to the celebration of the Eucharist and baptism). The Lamb of God stands above the devil and death. The resurrected Christ rises over the cave with the empty tomb. In another version (Nuremberg, 1529), the Lamb stands in the middle and the resurrected Christ triumphs over death.
Four scenes on the panels of the winged altarpiece in the church of St Wolfgang in Schneeberg (1532-1539) have similar composition. This altarpiece is accompanied by a predella depicting the Last Supper in which the apostles receive the blood of Christ in the form of wine. The updated version of the original composition, that Lucas Cranach the Younger also worked on, also includes the Pope among the sinners in the flames of hell. According to the chronicle of the town of Jáchymov (Joachimsthal), an altarpiece made in Cranach's workshop portrayed among the apostles both Cranach the Elder and Cranach the Younger, Martin Luther and Frederick the Wise, Elector of Saxony. Luther and Melanchton are likewise portrayed as apostles on the retable of the castle church in Dessau (1565) and Cranach the Younger brings them wine.
Reflections on the picture Law and Grace in the Czech lands
Altarpiece retable, Church of St Joachim in Jáchymov (commissioned by the Counts Šlik, destroyed in a fire in 1873)
Mural painting, Pardubice Castle
Mural painting, exterior of the monastery church of St Archangel Michael, Horážďovice
Mural paintings, castle chapel in Horšovský Týn
Mural paintings, Church of St Wenceslas, Moravská Ostrava
Cloister of the Dominican Monastery in České Budějovice
Epitaph stone relief, cemetery Church of St Mary, Broumov
Epitaph wooden relief of the Grigersdorf family in Jordanov (1596)
Painted epitaph, Church of SS Peter and Paul, Bernartice (1571)
Illumination, Bartoloměj Netolický (Melantrich) Bible
References
Sources
Kotková Olga, Cranach ze všech stran / Cranach from all sides, kat. 188 s., Národní galerie v Praze 2016,
Hamsíková Magdalena, Recepce díla Lucase Cranacha st. v malířství první poloviny 16. století v Čechách, dissertation, FF UK Prague, 2011
Horníčková Kateřina, Šroněk Michal (eds.), Umění české reformace (1380-1620), Academia Praha 2010, s. 282–283,
Fred S. Kleiner, Gardner's Art through the Ages: The Western Perspective, Svazek 2, Cengage Learning 2009,
Royt Jan, Neznámé zobrazení luteránského námětu "Zákon a milost" v Broumově, in: Dáňová H, Klípa J, Stolárová L, Slezsko - země Koruny české. Historie a kultura 1300–1740, Národní galerie v Praze 2008,
Kotková Olga, German and Austrian Painting of the 14th - 16th Century. National Gallery in Prague, pp. 34–35, Praha 2007,
Jakubec, Ondřej a kol., Ku věčné památce. Malované renesanční epitafy v českých zemích, kat. 176 s., Muzeum umění Olomouc, 2007
R. W. Scribner, For the Sake of Simple Folk: Popular Propaganda for the German Reformation, Cambridge University Press, 1981, pp 216–217
External links
Cranach digital archive: Law and Grace, 1529, Lucas Cranach the Elder, Národní galerie v Praze
Reformation 500, Lucas Cranach the Elder: Gesetz und Evangelium, 1529
Living Treasures of the Reformation: Law and Grace, Part II
Lutheran art
Paintings by Lucas Cranach the Elder
1529 paintings
Paintings in the collection of the National Gallery Prague
Robyn Maher (born 6 October 1959) is a retired female basketball player from Australia, who played for the Sydney Uni Flames. A three-time Olympian she was a member of the national women's team that won the bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
Maher was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) in the 2002 Australia Day Honours in recognition of her "service to basketball as a player and administrator, and for the promotion of the sport among young people". In 2006, Maher was inducted into the Australian Basketball Hall of Fame. In October 2018, she was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame.
Personal life
Maher is married to former Opals coach Tom Maher. Her brother is a former Victorian Football League player Stewart Gull. Their father, Jim Gull, also played league football.
See also
WNBL All-Star Five
WNBL Defensive Player of the Year Award
References
1959 births
Living people
Australian women's basketball players
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of Australia
Olympic bronze medalists for Australia
Sportspeople from Ballarat
Olympic medalists in basketball
Sydney Uni Flames players
Members of the Order of Australia
Sport Australia Hall of Fame inductees
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
2010 Giravanz Kitakyushu season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Giravanz Kitakyushu
Giravanz Kitakyushu seasons
The Government Gateway is an IT system that was developed to register for online services provided by the UK Government, such as obtaining a driving licence and HMRC self-assessment. This replaced the old system of paper submissions.
The system was set up by the Office of the e-Envoy and allows users to register as either an individual, an organisation or an agent.
It was launched on 25 January 2001, initially being used by services from HM Customs and Excise and for applications through the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food for common agricultural policy aid schemes, in addition to Inland Revenue end-of-year transactions.
Services on the Government Gateway were meant to be gradually moved to replacement systems, including GOV.UK Verify. The move was meant to be complete by March 2019.
Following reports of conflict between HMRC and the Government Digital Service, HMRC has been developing its own service that allows users to sign in using an existing Government Gateway user ID.
See also
Gov.uk
References
E-government in the United Kingdom
A blocking antibody is an antibody that does not have a reaction when combined with an antigen, but prevents other antibodies from combining with that antigen. This function of blocking antibodies has had a variety of clinical and experimental uses.
The term can also be used for inhibiting antibody, prozone phenomenon and, agglutination reaction.
Blocking antibodies have been described as a mechanism for HSV-1 to evade the immune system.
Uses
Blocking antibodies can be used in a variety of medical and scientific manners, thus far been to treat cancer, Graves' disease, and prevent the growth of malaria in mosquitoes.
Cancer treatment
Blocking antibodies have been used in clinical trials of cancer treatments. The blocking antibody ipilimumab has been effectively used in the clinical treatment of melanoma, RCC, and NSCLC with some degree of success. This is accomplished through the blocking of the coinhibitory molecule CTLA-4. The blocking antibody does not directly target tumor cells, but rather blocks the regulatory functions of CTLA-4, resulting in enhanced T-cell function.
Some new treatments hypothesize the blocking of PD-1, a programmed cell-death protein, which will result in longer-lived T-cells. The blocking antibody BMS-936559 has been shown to bind to PD-L1 and prevent its binding to PD-1.
These new treatments are not without side-effects and irAEs (immune-related adverse events) have been observed in a variety of patients. The tolerance that immune cells normally have to host tissues can be lost, resulting in permanent damage to host cells.
Graves' disease
Studies have shown that blocking antibodies can bind to and prevent thyrotropin binding, resulting in reduced cAMP levels in human thyroid cells. This interaction has been used primarily as a method of indicating that Graves' disease immunoglobulins are pluritopic, meaning that they have multiple effects, rather than indicating a possible treatment for this disease.
Malaria
Blocking antibodies have a variety of functions on the merozoite form of parasitic malaria. While in the merozoite form, malaria parasites invade erythrocytes and reproduce in them. Some blocking antibodies may inhibit the invasion of erythrocytes, while other blocking antibodies prevent the binding of inhibitory antibodies, allowing merozoite invasion of erythrocytes despite the presence of inhibitory antibodies. The monoclonal antibodies that prevent the invasion of merozoites bind to the parasitic antigen MSP-1 (merozoite surface protein 1). The binding of blocking antibodies to MSP-1 is shown to result in the inhibition of secondary processing, resulting in the inability for merozoites to invade host erythrocytes. Secondary processing involves a single proteolytic cleavage on the merozoite surface of the carboxy-terminal component of MSP-1. The blocking of MSP-1 has been proposed to be a method of creating a vaccine against malaria by preventing its invasion and multiplication.
See also
Neutralizing antibody
References
External links
Immune system
Reagents for biochemistry
Kanok Ratwongsakul (; nickname: Jing–จิ้ง) is well-known Thai journalist, now he served as Senior Vice President of the Nation Multimedia Group (NMG).
Biography
Ratwongsakul was born on November 4, 1963 in Thai-Chinese poor family in Bangkok's Yotse neighbourhood. He attended elementary at Wat Phra Phiren School in Khlong Thom neighbourhood. Later on, his family moved to the Thonburi's Samre, due to was evicted from the area. He graduated from Wat Rangbua School in Phasi Charoen, and graduated with Bachelor of Communication Arts from Thammasat University.
He started working as a freelance radio host. Later on, he worked as a radio host with Suthichai Yoon, who is founder of NMG, including worked as a TV host in pair with Sorayuth Suthassanachinda between 2000–03. Currently, he is main news anchor of Nation TV along with Theera Thanyapaiboon.
Personal life
He liked to cut news stories in newspapers and collect them since childhood, and love to watch movies. He is currently married but has no children.
For football, Ratwongsakul is a supporter of Everton FC, Bayern Munich and the Germany national football team.
References
1963 births
Living people
Kanok Ratwongsakul
Kanok Ratwongsakul
Kanok Ratwongsakul
Kanok Ratwongsakul
Kanok Ratwongsakul
Kanok Ratwongsakul
Martinsheim is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kitzingen (district)
The City of Vancouver Book Award is a Canadian literary award, that has been presented annually by the city of Vancouver, British Columbia to one or more works of literature judged as the year's best fiction, non-fiction, poetry or drama work about the city.
As with the City of Toronto Book Award, the award may go to one or more books.
The award has a monetary value of $3,000. The prize is funded by interest earned from the city's publishing reserve, which was established in 1977 as a permanent legacy for writers and publishers. The fund received royalties generated from Vancouver's First Century: A Photo History of Vancouver, edited by city staff. The third edition of the book, renamed Vancouver: A City Album, for many years generated royalty payments for the fund.
Winners and finalists
References
External links
City of Vancouver Book Award
Culture of Vancouver
British Columbia awards
1989 establishments in British Columbia
Awards established in 1989
Canadian fiction awards
Canadian non-fiction literary awards
Canadian poetry awards
Canadian dramatist and playwright awards
The Military Hospital is a hospital in northeastern Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located to the northeast of the Ophthalmological Hospital.
History
In 2011, the Directorate-General of the Armed Forces Health and Security Service was created. The military hospital reports to this Directorate-General. It has around 100 beds at the hospital.
In October 2012 Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz, Mauritania's president, spent eight hours in this hospital. He had been operated upon by two doctors after being shot by government troops in what was said to be an accident. He was flown to France for further treatment after his stay in the hospital.
References
Nouakchott
Hospitals in Mauritania
Military hospitals
This is a list of the members of the first parliament of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. It was the Territory's first representative parliament after gaining self-government, and operated from 1989 to 1991.
The first two parliaments were elected under the one-electorate modified d'Hondt method, which was then abolished and replaced with the current three-electorate Hare-Clark system in 1995.
Michael Moore was elected as a Residents Rally member, but resigned from the party on 24 October 1989 and served out his term as an independent.
Craig Duby, Carmel Maher and David Prowse were elected as representatives of the No Self-Government Party, but resigned to form the Independents Group on 3 December 1989. Prowse left the Independents Group to join the Liberal Party on 31 July 1990, Duby left to found the Hare-Clark Independent Party on 19 November 1991, and Maher served out her term under the Independents Group name.
ALP member Paul Whalan resigned from the Assembly on 30 April 1990. The vacancy was filled by the ALP's Terry Connolly.
Robyn Nolan was elected as a Liberal member, but resigned from the party on 22 October 1991. She became an independent until founding the New Conservative Group on 19 November.
See also
1989 Australian Capital Territory legislative election
Members of Australian Capital Territory parliaments by term
20th-century Australian politicians
Bedell is a hamlet in Delaware County, New York, United States.
Notes
Hamlets in Delaware County, New York
Hamlets in New York (state)
The 1939–40 FAW Welsh Cup is the 59th season of the annual knockout tournament for competitive football teams in Wales.
Key
League name pointed after clubs name.
B&DL - Birmingham & District League
FL D2 - Football League Second Division
FL D3N - Football League Third Division North
Fourth round
Eight winners from the Third round plus 18 new clubs.
Fifth round
Ten winners from the Fourth round. Cardiff City, Chester and Southport get a bye to the Sixth round.
Sixth round
Five winners from the Fifth round plus Cardiff City, Chester and Southport.
Semifinal
Replay between Wellington Town and New Brighton were held at Shrewsbury.
Final
Final were held at Shrewsbury.
External links
The FAW Welsh Cup
1939-40
Wales
Cup
USS Skate (SS-305) was a Balao-class submarine in service with the United States Navy from 1943 to 1946. She was used as a target ship in the 1946 atomic bomb tests and finally sunk as a target ship in October 1948.
History
Skate was laid down at the Mare Island Naval Shipyard of Vallejo, California, 1 August 1942. She was launched on 4 March 1943, sponsored by Mrs. Ethel L. Shamer, wife of Captain George P. Shamer, Supply Officer of the Mare Island Naval Shipyard and commissioned on 15 April.
First War Patrol
Following shakedown off the California coast, Skate sailed to Pearl Harbor and on 25 September 1943, headed toward Wake Island and her first war patrol during which she performed lifeguard duty for the carriers during airstrikes against that Japanese-held island. At dawn on 6 October, the submarine was strafed by enemy aircraft, mortally wounding one of her officers, LtJg Willis Edward Maxson, III, as he attempted to assist wounded airmen from a liferaft. The next day, Skate closed to within 5,000 yards (4,600 m) of the beach, in the face of heavy enemy bombardment, to rescue two downed aviators. While searching for a third, she was attacked by a Japanese dive-bomber, and was forced to dive to escape. After a short return to Midway Island, Skate returned to Wake Island and rescued four additional airmen before terminating her first patrol at Midway on 29 October.
Second War Patrol
On 15 November, Skate departed Midway for her second war patrol, conducted off Truk in the Caroline Islands. On 25 November, she sighted the masts of five warships; but, after firing a spread of torpedoes at overlapping aircraft carriers, she was forced down by depth charging from the escort ships.
On 30 November 1943, Skate attacked Japanese carriers Zuihō, Chuyō, and Unyō without success.
While north of Truk on 21 December 1943, the submarine torpedoed and sank the cargo ship Terukawa Maru. During a rain squall on 25 December, she made an attack which badly damaged the battleship Yamato. Skate returned to Midway for refit on 7 January 1944.
Third and Fourth War Patrols
Skate'''s third war patrol was again conducted in the area of the Carolines, in support of Operation Hailstone, the carrier airstrikes on Truk. Skate departed Midway on 5 February 1944, this time under the command of Lt. Commander W.P. "Bud" Gruner, Jr. On 16 February, the evening before the airstrike, Skate intercepted a Japanese light cruiser, which had survived a previous torpedo attack by submarine . Skate launched four torpedoes two of which hit, engulfing the ship in a shroud of smoke as the submarine submerged to evade heavy depth charging from the enemy escorts. She later returned to the scene of the attack, but before another torpedo could be launched, the cruiser rolled to port and sank. It was later determined the cruiser sunk was the Japanese light cruiser Agano. Following the airstrikes and further patrol in the area, the submarine returned to Pearl Harbor on 17 March.
During her fourth war patrol, off the Bonin Islands from 11 April to 31 May, Skate scored hits on an enemy cargo ship for unconfirmed damage and, on 14 May 1944, sank an enemy sampan in a surface attack, taking three prisoners of war.
Fifth, Sixth and Seventh War PatrolsSkate departed Midway on 23 June 1944 on her fifth war patrol, conducted off the Kuril Islands. On 7 July, she intercepted a convoy of five ships and escorting destroyers, fired three torpedoes, and sank the trailing destroyer, Usugumo. The submarine was then forced deep by the other escorts and depth charged for over two hours before escaping. On 15 July, the submarine sank a cargo ship taking two prisoners and, on the following day, another cargo ship was also sent to the bottom. Skate terminated her fifth patrol at Pearl Harbor on 7 August.
Departing Pearl Harbor on 9 September, Skate sailed for the Ryukyu Islands and her sixth war patrol, during which she performed photographic reconnaissance of Okinawa and, on 29 September 1944, sank a small patrol craft and a cargo ship. Following her return to Pearl Harbor, she got underway for a complete overhaul at Hunters Point Navy Yard, San Francisco, California.Skate got underway from Pearl Harbor for her seventh war patrol on 11 April 1945, to form a coordinated attack group with other submarines and patrol in the Sea of Japan. On the morning of 10 June, she encountered I-122, a Japanese submarine on the surface returning to port. As the enemy crossed her bow, Skate launched two torpedoes with two hits, sinking the target. Two days later, while off the Nanto Peninsula, she evaded gunfire of enemy ships and an attack by an enemy escort to sink three cargo ships. Skate terminated her seventh war patrol at Pearl Harbor on 4 July 1945.
End of World War II and fateSkate departed Pearl Harbor on 5 August 1945 for her eighth war patrol; but, while en route to the patrol area, she received word of the Japanese surrender and returned to port, and then set sail for the United States arriving at San Diego, on 6 September. For the next four months, she participated in training operations along the west coast, and then sailed to Pearl Harbor arriving on 9 January 1946. On 21 May, she departed for Bikini Atoll, Marshall Islands, to be used as a target ship in Operation Crossroads, the atomic bomb tests.Skate was moored directly astern of , the target ship for test Able. Skates crew was transferred to a transport where they maintained Skates log with entries reading "Moored as before, no one on board." The bomber missed Nevada and the bomb detonated above and astern of Skate, mangling the submarine's conning tower and raising the main ballast tank vents but leaving the pressure hull intact. The crew returned to the submarine and, finding the interior offered preferable living conditions to the transport, was able to get the surfaced submarine underway at .
The crew was again transferred to the transport after Skate moored on the fringe of the formation for test Baker, which caused no further physical damage, but coated the submarine exterior with radioactive isotopes. When the crew was unable to remove the radioactivity, they were transferred to the submarine tender . Skate was towed back to Pearl Harbor, where she was moored in an isolated berth. On 11 October, salvage vessel took Skate in tow and headed for San Francisco, and then to Mare Island Naval Shipyard where the submarine was inspected and then decommissioned on 11 December. Skate was expended as a torpedo target off the California coast on 5 October 1948, and struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 21 October 1948.
Awards Skate'' received eight battle stars for World War II service.
References
External links
naval-history.net: USS Skate
historycentral.com: USS Skate
Balao-class submarines
World War II submarines of the United States
Ships built in Vallejo, California
1943 ships
Ships sunk as targets
Shipwrecks of the California coast
Ships involved in Operation Crossroads
Maritime incidents in 1946
Maritime incidents in 1948
Scourge: Outbreak is a third-person shooter video game developed by Spanish studio Tragnarion Studios and published by UFO Interactive Games. It was originally released as an Xbox 360 exclusive title on July 3, 2013, but it was released later ported to Windows and macOS through Steam on April 2, 2014 and to the PlayStation 3 on December 9, 2014. The game is itself an updated version of The Scourge Project, a 2010 title that was intended as an episodic release but which failed due to overwhelmingly negative reception.
Gameplay
Scourge: Outbreak is a cover-based third-person shooter, with gameplay highly influenced by the Gears of War series. The game's main campaign is based around four-player cooperative gameplay, with each player controlling one of the game's four player characters. In the game's single-player mode, the three characters not being played by the player will be controlled by the game's A.I. rather than other players.
Besides the usual cover-based shooting mechanics, the game features two special abilities; Shield and Shockwave. Shield creates an energy shield that deflects enemy projectiles, while Shockwave is an area-of-effect attack that damages all enemies near the point of detonation. Each character has a different version of the two powers; for example, "Stonewall" creates a stationary shield that he can shoot through, while "Amp" creates a mobile shield that follows her around, but is unable to shoot while maintaining the shield.
Plot
The game focuses on the four members of Echo Squad, a team of mercenaries hired by the Tarn Initiative to gather evidence of wrongdoing by the villainous Nogari Corporation, who have dominated the world's energy market through their "Ambrosia" technology. Echo Squad's mission is to meet with a Nogari whistleblower, Dr. Reisbeck, and retrieve a meteorite fragment which is the source of the Ambrosia technology. However, Echo Squad's vehicle crash lands outside Nogari's island research base, and Dr. Reisbeck informs them that they were betrayed and shot down by Alpha Squad, the second Tarn Initiative team sent alongside them.
Echo Squad soon discovers that the Nogari facility is in the process of being overrun by the Scourge, a hostile alien race of creatures from which Nogari derived their Ambrosia technology, which have been set loose during the Tarn Initiative's attack on Nogari. Alpha Squad has been subverted by the Scourge, to whom they are now loyal. Echo Squad pursue Alpha Squad through the facility while battling Nogari soldiers and Scourge creatures. Meanwhile, the members of Echo Squad have periodic flashbacks of having been in the Nogari facility previously, and having turned on each other due to having conflicting agendas.
After Echo Squad succeeds in killing all 3 members of Alpha Squad, including their psychic commander, Lilith, Dr. Reisbeck contacts them and reveals that he is a Scourge operative who has been manipulating them into eliminating Lilith. Reisbeck explains that the player characters are actually Scourge clones of the real Echo Squad, who completed their original mission of retrieving the meteorite fragment before dying. The fragment was passed on to Lilith, which transformed her mind into that of a Scourge queen. Dr. Reisbeck serves another Scourge queen, who wanted Lilith eliminated due to her being a rival queen. The Echo Squad clones were created and manipulated into performing this task, due to Lilith's psychic abilities allowing her to take over and control any regular Scourge creatures. The events of the game actually take place more than a week after the real Echo Squad's drop pod was shot down in the opening scene.
Asserting their self-determination, the Echo Squad clones battle a large Scourge creature which they incorrectly assume to be Reisbeck's queen, but are unable to prevent Reisbeck from escaping. The game ends as the Scourge beginning to overrun the planet, with Reisbeck receiving new orders from his queen.
Reception
The game received primarily negative reviews upon release, with the Xbox 360 version garnering a score of 40 out of 100 on the review aggregation website Metacritic.
References
External links
Developer's website
2013 video games
MacOS games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Third-person shooters
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Network games
Science fiction video games
Video games developed in Spain
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video game remakes
Xbox 360 Live Arcade games
Windows games
Sasha Paysinger is a voice actress for ADV Films and Sentai Filmworks for English-dubbed anime titles. Her major roles include Hatoko Kobayashi in Angelic Layer, Asami in Mezzo DSA, Nana in Elfen Lied, Marie in Sister Princess, and Shin in Pretear. When away from voice acting, she has worked as a flight attendant.
Voice roles
Air - Yakumo (Ep. 4)
AKB0048 - Atsuko Maeda the 13th
Angelic Layer - Hatoko Kobayashi
Aquarian Age: Sign for Evolution - Rumiko Sakamoto
Azumanga Daioh - Miruchi (Ep. 12)
Best Student Council - Seina Katsura
Campione! - Pandora
Chrono Crusade - Sister Claire
Coyote Ragtime Show - August
D.N.Angel - Freedert, Menou Kurashima (Ep. 8), Miho (Ep. 6), Misaki Nishizawa (Ep. 3)
Divergence Eve - Kotoko-01
Elfen Lied - Nana
Gantz - Shiori Kisimoto
Gilgamesh - The Concierge
Godannar - Ami (Ep. 26), Luna
Gravion - Cecile
Hello Kitty's Animation Theater - My Melody
Infinite Stratos II - Chloe Chronicle (Ep. 12), Phee (Ep. 8)
Jing, King of Bandits: Seventh Heaven - Benedictine
Kaleido Star - Luci Robbins, Mila (Ep. 14)
Madlax - Eric's Sister
Maburaho - Elizabeth
Megazone 23 - Mai Yumekanou
Mezzo DSA - Asami Igarashi
Misaki Chronicles - Kotoko-02
Momo: The Girl God of Death - Mai Makihara (Ep. 1)
Nanaka 6/17 - Kuriko Aratama
Outbreak Company - Romilda Gardo
Pani Poni Dash! - Misao Nanjo
Pretear - Shin
Princess Tutu - Lilie
Puni Puni Poemi - Ms. Ishii
Saint Seiya - Miho (ADV Dub)
Saiyuki: Requiem - Kanan
Sister Princess - Marie
The Super Dimension Fortress Macross - Mei
UFO Ultramaiden Valkyrie - Nanna (OVA 4)
Utawarerumono - Aruruu
When Supernatural Battles Became Commonplace - Chifuyu Himeki
References
External links
Sasha Paysinger at the English Voice Actor & Production Staff Database
The Sasha Paysinger Fan Group
Living people
American voice actresses
Flight attendants
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Buddy is a 2003 Norwegian film directed by Morten Tyldum after a script by Lars Gudmestad. The music was composed by Lars Lillo-Stenberg, known from the band DeLillos. The film was well received by critics, and won two Amanda Awards in 2004.
Plot
The film is about 24-year-old Kristoffer (Nicolai Cleve Broch), who lives in Tøyen in Oslo with his friends Geir (Aksel Hennie) and Stig Inge (Anders Baasmo Christiansen). Geir likes to live dangerously, while Stig is a more cautious and uncertain type. Kristoffer and Geir work as billboard hangers, and in his spare time Kristoffer makes a video diary with Geir and Stig, containing stunts of a Jackass-nature. When Kristoffer's girlfriend, Elisabeth (Janne Formoe), leaves him, his life seems to fall to pieces. Then his videos are featured on Norway's most popular talk show, "God morgen Norge" on TV 2, and Kristoffer becomes famous.
Main cast
Kristoffer Haukeland – Nicolai Cleve Broch
Geir – Aksel Hennie
Stig Inge Otnes – Anders Baasmo Christiansen
Henriette – Pia Tjelta
Elisabeth – Janne Formoe
Production
The idea for the movie started with two A4 pages of text in January 2002, from which it developed quickly. The creators described it as a love declaration for the city of Oslo, a city they believed was under-represented on film. The choice of composer for the score – Lars Lillo-Stenberg – was in the same spirit; in the words of Tyldum: "He is Oslo".
Buddy received support from Norsk Filmfond – the Norwegian government body for film funding – on 12 June 2002. Neither the scriptwriter, the director, the producer or the actor for the main character had worked with feature-length films prior to this project. The director, Morten Tyldum, had worked with television, music videos, commercials and short films before, and he had been named "Film talent of the year" by the newspaper Dagbladet in 1999, but this was his first full-length motion picture.
Reception
Buddy was generally well received by the Norwegian press. The newspaper Verdens Gang gave it five out of six points, and remarked that in spite of a simple story, the movie was "damn well made". Dagbladet was less impressed, and gave the film a die throw of four out of six pips. The reviewer concluded that the filmmakers had succeeded in what they set out to do: to create an essentially "harmless" "feel-good-movie" after an American model. The movie was also released internationally, and reviewed by the American magazine Variety. Eddie Cockrell, as opposed to the Norwegian reviewers, thought the film was "overly plotted". He found the movie to be "on the sweet side", but commended its "solid, sympathetic characterizations from the five leads".
The film was awarded two Amandas in 2004: for "Best Film (Norwegian)" and "Best Actor" (Christiansen). It was also nominated in the category "Best Screenplay". It also received the "Audience Award" and the "Most Enjoyable Film" (awarded by Theatre Owners) at the Norwegian International Film Festival, the festival where the Amandas are awarded. At the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in the Czech Republic it won the "Audience Award" in competition with 200 other films.
References
External links
2003 films
2003 romantic comedy films
2000s Norwegian-language films
Films shot in Norway
Films directed by Morten Tyldum
2003 directorial debut films
Norwegian romantic comedy films
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947 to 1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards #U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
Kpabia is a small town in the Yendi Municipal district, a district in the Northern Region of north Ghana.
References
Populated places in the Northern Region (Ghana)
Category 1 is the lowest classification on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale, and categorizes tropical cyclones with 1-minute maximum sustained winds between and . Tropical cyclones that attain such winds and move over land while maintaining those winds are capable of causing minor to moderate damage to human lives and infrastructure. As of 2021, a total of 242 hurricanes have peaked at Category 1 strength within the Northeast Pacific tropical cyclone basin, which is denoted as the part of the Pacific Ocean north of the equator and east of the International Date Line. Collectively, Category 1 hurricanes have killed at least 912 people. This does not include storms that also attained Category 2, 3, 4, or 5 status on the scale.
A combination of many factors serve to influence the development of tropical cyclones in the Northeastern Pacific basin. During the winter and early spring months from December to April, a high-pressure area known as the North Pacific High and a low-pressure area known as the Aleutian Low are present over the Northeastern Pacific, producing strong upper-level winds which inhibit tropical cyclone formation. During the late spring, summer, and fall months from May to November, these effects are reduced or may even vanish altogether, while sea surface temperatures are warm enough to support the development, perhaps even rapid, of tropical cyclones. The El Niño–Southern Oscillation plays a major role in the strength of trade winds and the sea surface temperatures in the tropical Pacific. During El Niño events, trade winds are weaker and sea surface temperatures are warmer, allowing for the development of more cyclones as well as more intense hurricanes, while the effects of La Niña are the opposite.
Background
On the Saffir–Simpson scale, a hurricane reaches Category 1 status when it attains maximum sustained winds of between and . The National Hurricane Center (NHC) takes sustained winds to be the average wind speed measured over the period of one minute at the height of above the ground. Should a Category 1 hurricane make landfall, its strongest winds can cause moderate damage to human infrastructure, especially to older buildings.
The Northeast Pacific tropical cyclone basin is defined as the region of the Pacific Ocean north of the equator and east of the International Date Line. The Northeast Pacific is further divided into two sub-basins, namely the east and central Pacific. The east Pacific runs east of the 140th meridian west, and tropical cyclones occurring there are warned upon by the National Hurricane Center, the current Regional Specialized Meteorological Center (RSMC) for that area. The central Pacific, running from the 140th meridian west to the International Date Line, currently has the Central Pacific Hurricane Center as its RSMC. Tropical cyclones are generally much rarer in the central Pacific than in the east Pacific, with an average of just four to five storms forming or moving into the central Pacific compared to around 15 for the east Pacific. All tropical cyclones recorded by past and present RSMCs of the Northeast Pacific basin since 1949 are listed in the Northeast and North Central Pacific hurricane database (HURDAT), which is compiled and maintained by the National Hurricane Center.
Before 1970, tropical cyclones within the Northeast Pacific were classified into three categories: tropical depression, tropical storm, and hurricane; these were assigned intensities of 30 mph (45 km/h), 50 mph (85 km/h), and 85 mph (140 km/h) respectively. Exceptions to these rules would be storms that affected humans and as such humans were able to measure or estimate wind speeds or pressure data.
Climatology
In the east Pacific and central Pacific sub-basins, hurricane season begins on May 15 and June 1, respectively, with both concluding on November 30. Since 1949, a total of 242 Category 1 hurricanes have developed in the Northeast Pacific basin. Only two have occurred in the off-season: Nina (1957) and Winnie (1983). In addition to those, seven systems have been at Category 1 intensity in May, 31 in June, 47 in July, 57 in August, 70 in September, 37 in October, and seven in November.
The majority of tropical cyclones form and organize in areas of warm sea surface temperatures, usually of at least and low vertical wind shear; however, there are outliers to this general rule, such as storms that manage to intensify despite high amounts of vertical wind shear. When a pre-existing tropical disturbance – usually a tropical wave or a disturbance originating in the Intertropical Convergence Zone – enters an area where the aforementioned conditions are present, the disturbance can develop into a tropical cyclone, provided it is far enough from the equator to experience a sufficiently strong Coriolis force, which causes the counterclockwise rotation of hurricanes in the Northern Hemisphere. Between the months of December and April, sea surface temperatures in the tropics, where most Northeast Pacific tropical cyclones develop, are usually too low to support significant development. Also, the presence of a semi-permanent high-pressure area known as the North Pacific High in the eastern Pacific greatly reduces tropical cyclone development in the winter months, as the North Pacific High results in vertical wind shear that causes environmental conditions to be unconducive to tropical cyclone formation. Another factor preventing tropical cyclones from forming during the winter is the presence of a semi-permanent low-pressure area called the Aleutian Low between January and April. Its effects in the central Pacific near the 160th meridian west cause tropical waves that form in the area to move northward into the Gulf of Alaska. As the disturbances travel northward, they dissipate or transition into an extratropical cyclone. The Aleutian Low's retreat in late April allows the warmth of the Pacific High to meander in, bringing its powerful clockwise wind circulation with it. During the month of May, the Intertropical Convergence Zone migrates southward while vertical shear over the tropics decrease. As a result, the earliest tropical waves begin to form, coinciding with the start of the eastern Pacific hurricane season on May 15. During summer and early fall, sea surface temperatures rise further, reaching in July and August, well above the threshold for the formation and intensification of tropical cyclones. This allows for tropical cyclones developing during that time to strengthen significantly, perhaps even rapidly.
The El Niño-Southern Oscillation also influences the frequency and intensity of hurricanes in the Northeast Pacific basin. During El Niño events, sea surface temperatures increase in the Northeast Pacific and vertical wind shear decreases. Because of this, an increase in tropical cyclone activity occurs; the opposite happens in the Atlantic basin during El Niño, where increased wind shear creates an unfavorable environment for tropical cyclone formation. Contrary to El Niño, La Niña events increase wind shear and decreases sea surface temperatures over the eastern Pacific, while reducing wind shear and increasing sea surface temperatures over the Atlantic.
Within the Northeast Pacific, the easterly trade winds cause tropical cyclones to generally move westward out into the open Pacific Ocean. Only rarely do tropical cyclones forming during the peak months of the season make landfall. Closer to the end of the season, the subtropical ridge steers some storms northwards or northeastwards. Storms influenced by this ridge may bring impacts to the western coasts of Mexico and occasionally even Central America. In the central Pacific basin, the North Pacific High keeps tropical cyclones away from the Hawaiian Islands by forcing them southwards. Combined with cooler waters around the Hawaiian Islands that tend to weaken tropical cyclones that approach them, this makes direct impacts on the Hawaiian Islands by tropical cyclones rare.
Systems
Key
Discontinuous duration (weakened below Category 1 then restrengthened to that classification at least once)
Intensified past Category 1 intensity after exiting basin
Landfalls
Out of the 237 Category 1 hurricanes in the east and central Pacific, 47 have made landfall as a tropical cyclone, collectively resulting in 63 landfalls. As tropical cyclones tend to weaken before landfall due to the effects of land interaction, only 34 Category 1 hurricanes actually made landfall while still at Category 1 strength. Fourteen storms made two landfalls and one made three. Multiple Category 1 hurricanes made landfall only in 10 years; there were no more than two landfalling storms in a single year.
See also
List of Pacific hurricanes
List of Pacific hurricane seasons
List of Category 1 Atlantic hurricanes
List of Category 1 Australian region tropical cyclones
List of Category 1 South Pacific tropical cyclones
Notes
References
List
Category 1
Pacific 1
Porky, is the fifth novel by the English author Deborah Moggach, first published in 1983 by Jonathan Cape and recommended in OUP's Good Fiction Guide.
Plot introduction
"Porky" is Heather's nickname because her father keeps pigs in a field at their ramshackle bungalow just off the A4 near Heathrow Airport. Heather is eleven when her mother has an extended stay in hospital over the birth of her second child, leaving Heather alone with her father at home. He begins to abuse her sexually.
Heather is already a troubled child, bullied at school with few friends. As the abuse continues, she becomes more troubled and takes to thieving and promiscuity.
Reception
An "extraordinarily skilful account of a childhood blasted by what is now acknowledged to be a more widespread offence than was previously recognised: incest", Anita Brookner, London Review of Books.
"Deborah Moggach conveys with chilling skill the process by which a fundamentally bright, decent child becomes infested by corruption.", The Spectator
Gay Firth writing in The Times warns "readers of despairing disposition or dainty susceptibilities will pass by on the other side, shuddering" but goes on to praise the author for "sustaining a first-person register so level in its tone of quiet desperation, so careful to avoid blatant shock, as to hold back the tidal wave of revulsion and pity which threatens, but never quite engulfs the reader".
References
External links
Novels set in London
1983 British novels
Novels by Deborah Moggach
Child sexual abuse in literature
Incest in fiction
Jonathan Cape books
Park Ji-hyun (born August 4, 1979) is a South Korean curler. She was the lead on the South Korean National Women's Curling Team for the 2001–02 curling season.
Career
Park was the lead on Team Kim Mi-yeon which won the Pacific Curling Championships gold medal in 2001, earning the Korean team their first ever appearance at the World Curling Championships. At the 2002 Worlds, the team finished last and without a single win, going 0–9.
Park would only win the Pacific Championship one time, with silver medals in 2000, 2002 and 2003 and bronze medals in 2004 and 2007. Park Ji-hyun would skip the South Korean team in 2007, finishing with a 4–4 round robin record and losing the World Championship berth game to Japan's Moe Meguro.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
South Korean female curlers
Asian Games medalists in curling
Curlers at the 2003 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 2003 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Ferruccio Valobra (12 April 1898 – 22 September 1944) was an Italian partisan and antifascist.
Life
Ferruccio Valobra was born in Turin from a Jewish family. Captain of the Alpini during the First World War, he was decorated with the Silver Medal of Military Valor.
In the post-war period he worked as an industrial expert and sales representative. He was married and father of a child. Radiated from the army following the 1938 Fascist racial laws, at the outbreak of the Second World War he was forced to displace to Carmagnola in the frazione of San Bernardo. Of anti-fascist ideas, he joined the Italian Republican Party, then clandestine.
After the Badoglio Proclamation of 8 September 1943 he took part at the Carmagnola's resistance and became commander (Capitano Rossi) of a partisan group operating in the surrounding area. Betrayed by an anonymous delator on 8 September 1944, he was incarcerated and tortured by elements of the Fascist Guardia Nazionale Repubblicana, the so-called repubblichini. He was sentenced to death by firing squad on 21 September 1944 and he was executed the following day in the Martinetto shooting range in Turin. Before his death, Valobra managed to write two letters, which ended with the words addressed to his wife and daughter:
I hope that my sacrifice like that of my companions will serve to give you a better tomorrow, in a more beautiful Italy as you and I have always desired in the depths of our soul.
Ferruccio Valobra is buried in the Jewish cemetery of Carmagnola. The central street of the town is dedicated to him today. In the current Martinetto Shrine there is a plaque commemorating his sacrifice.
See also
Jewish resistance in German-occupied Europe
Notes
1898 births
1944 deaths
Italian military personnel of World War I
Italian anti-fascists
Italian resistance movement members
Recipients of the Silver Medal of Military Valor
Military personnel from Turin
Jewish anti-fascists
20th-century Italian Jews
Businesspeople from Turin
Italian civilians killed in World War II
People executed by Italy by firing squad
The 2019 Colonial Athletic Association men's basketball tournament was the postseason men's basketball tournament for the Colonial Athletic Association for the 2018–19 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The tournament was held March 9–12, 2019 at the North Charleston Coliseum in North Charleston, South Carolina. Northeastern defeated Hofstra 82–74 in the championship game and received the CAA's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament. It was the second title for Northeastern in the CAA, the last coming in 2015.
Seeds
All 10 CAA teams participated in the tournament. Teams were seeded by conference record, with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with identical conference records. The top six teams received a bye to the quarterfinals.
Schedule
Bracket
* denotes overtime game
Game summaries
First round
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Championship
Team and tournament leaders
Team leaders
See also
2019 CAA women's basketball tournament
References
Colonial Athletic Association men's basketball tournament
Tournament
CAA men's basketball tournament
CAA men's basketball tournament
Sports competitions in South Carolina
Basketball in South Carolina
Twentynine Palms Airport is a public use airport located six nautical miles (11 km) east of the central business district of Twentynine Palms, a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States. It is owned by the County of San Bernardino.
History
It was activated on 1 January 1942 by the United States Army Air Forces. It started as USAAF contract glider training, and was called Twenty-Nine Palms Air Academy until 16 February 1943. It had four axillary airfields in local area, including Condor Field. Flying training was performed with Fairchild PT-19s as the primary trainer. It also had several PT-17 Stearmans and a few P-40 Warhawks assigned. It conducted basic flying training from March 1943 until being transferred to United States Navy April 1944. General Henry H. Arnold, Chief of the Army Air Forces, ordered the training for 150 glider pilots for World War II. By the end of WW2 over 6,000 glider pilots had been trained. In all 1,654 of the glider pilots were trained at the Twentynine Palms Air Academy. It was under USN control and became an auxiliary airfield to NAS San Diego.
Facilities and aircraft
Twentynine Palms Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 1,888 feet (575 m) above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 8/26 is 5,531 by 75 feet (1,686 x 23 m) and 17/35 is 3,797 by 50 feet (1,157 x 15 m).
For the 12-month period ending February 16, 2006, the airport had 18,000 aircraft operations, an average of 49 per day: 97% general aviation and 3% military. At that time there were 16 aircraft based at this airport: 68% single-engine, 6% multi-engine and 25% glider.
See also
California World War II Army Airfields
36th Flying Training Wing (World War II)
United States Army Air Forces Contract Flying School Airfields
IX Troop Carrier Command
References
Other sources
Manning, Thomas A. (2005), History of Air Education and Training Command, 1942–2002. Office of History and Research, Headquarters, AETC, Randolph AFB, Texas
Shaw, Frederick J. (2004), Locating Air Force Base Sites, History's Legacy, Air Force History and Museums Program, United States Air Force, Washington DC.
External links
Twentynine Palms Airport at County of San Bernardino website
openNav: TNP / KTNP charts
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in California
Airports in San Bernardino County, California
Twentynine Palms, California
USAAF Contract Flying School Airfields
1942 establishments in California
Airports established in 1942
The Fourstardave Handicap is a Grade I American Thoroughbred horse race for horses that are three years old or older over a distance of one mile on the turf course scheduled annually in August at Saratoga Race Course in Saratoga Springs, New York. The event currently carries a purse of $500,000.
History
The event was inaugurated on 31 July 1985, Opening Day of the Saratoga meeting for that year as the Daryl's Joy Stakes at a distance of miles and was won by Roving Minstrel who was ridden by United States' Racing Hall of Fame jockey Ángel Cordero Jr. in a time of 1:45. The New Zealand-bred Daryl's Joy was a Two Year Champion in 1968 there, and after a successful spring campaign in Australia in 1969 winning the W. S. Cox Plate and Victoria Derby the colt was sold to the US where he won six races in eleven starts for United States' Racing Hall of Fame trainer Charles E. Whittingham.
Early winners of the event won even more important events and the status of the race grew in importance. In 1988 the event was classified as Grade III. The winner of the First Division of the split divisions in 1989, the British bred horse Steinlen later that year would win the Breeders' Cup Mile. In 1990 and 1991, the New York State bred Fourstardave won the race.
In 1995 New York Racing Association renamed the event to The Fourstardave, nicknamed "The Sultan of Saratoga" because he won at least one race at the Saratoga track each year from 1987 to 1994. Fourstardave died of a heart attack in October 2002 at the age of 17 and is buried in Clare Court at Saratoga Race Course. This is a rare honor since only three horses are buried there.
In 2012 the distance of the event was decreased from miles to one mile.
The event was upgraded to Grade II in 2000 and achieving Grade I status in 2016.
The race was moved off the turf to dirt in 1992 and 2002 due to weather conditions. In 2002 the grade of the event was lowered due to the change of surface as designated by the Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association.
In the 2014 renewal, Seek Again set a Saratoga course record in the event which was broken again in 2019 by the mare Got Stormy, who is the only mare to have won the race. In 2021 Got Stormy won the event again at odds of 12-1.
Several horses who have won this event became celebrated champions. The 1993 winner Lure went on to win the Breeders' Cup Mile later in the year also the 1996 winner Da Hoss went on to win the Breeders' Cup Mile later. Both horses were two-time winners of the Breeders' Cup Mile. The 2005 Brazilian bred winner Leroidesanimaux would become US Champion Male Turf Horse. Dual winner Wise Dan would become US Horse of the Year in both 2012 and 2013 the years he won of the event. The last horse to win the event and the Breeders' Cup Mile was the champion World Approval in 2017.
Records
Speed record:
1 mile: Got Stormy (2019) – 1:32.00
miles: Fourstardave (1991) – 1:38.80
Most wins:
2 – Fourstardave (1990, 1991)
2 – Wise Dan (2012, 2013)
2 – Got Stormy (2019, 2021)
Most wins by a jockey:
9 – John R. Velazquez (1992, 1996, 2001, 2004, 2005, 2008, 2011, 2012, 2013)
Most wins by a trainer:
5 – William I. Mott (2000, 2007, 2014, 2016, 2022)
Most wins by an owner:
2 – Fernwood Sable (1986, 1987)
2 – Frances A. Genter (1987, 1988)
2 – Richard Bomze & Bernard Connaughton (1990, 1991)
2 – Juddmonte Farms (1992, 2014)
2 – Darley Stable (2003, 2009)
2 – WinStar Farm (2011, 2016)
2 – Morton Fink (2012, 2013)
Winners
Legend:
Notes:
§ Ran as an entry
ƒ Filly or Mare
See also
List of American and Canadian Graded races
References
Graded stakes races in the United States
Grade 1 stakes races in the United States
Open mile category horse races
Horse races in New York (state)
Turf races in the United States
Saratoga Race Course
Recurring sporting events established in 1985
1985 establishments in New York (state)
Liam Harrison (born 13 December 1983) is a former professional rugby league and rugby union footballer who played in the 2000s and 2010s. He played representative level rugby league (RL) for Ireland and Cumbria, and at club level for Barrow Island ARLFC (in Barrow Island, Barrow-in-Furness) and Barrow Raiders, with whom he spent his whole professional rugby league career, as a or , and club level rugby union (RU) for North Walsham R.F.C. (in North Walsham, Norfolk).
Background
Liam Harrison was born in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, England, he was a pupil at Chetwynde School, and he is the older brother of the rugby league footballer; Ben Harrison.
Playing career
Harrison joined his hometown club in 2005, having previously played for local amateur team Barrow Island. Harrison played with Barrow during several promotions and relegations between the Championship and League 1, the highlight of his time being Barrow's victory in the 2009 Championship, when Harrison was named in the league's team of the year. He reached 300 appearances for the Raiders in 2016, and retired at the end of the 2016 season. His testimonial match was held in Barrow between a Cumbrian XIII selected by Harrison, and the Scotland national team.
He is a former Ireland international, and has represented Cumbria against Tonga, and the United States as well as playing in the Rugby Union Counties Final at Twickenham.
References
External links
(archived by web.archive.org) Barrow Raiders profile
1983 births
Living people
Barrow Raiders players
Cumbria rugby league team captains
Cumbria rugby league team coaches
Cumbria rugby league team players
English people of Irish descent
English rugby league players
English rugby union players
Ireland national rugby league team players
Rugby league wingers
Rugby league players from Barrow-in-Furness
Rugby league centres
Rugby league locks
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby articles needing expert attention
Saveray Wali Gaadi () is a 1986 Indian romantic drama film directed by Bharathiraja. The film stars Sunny Deol and Poonam Dhillon. It is a remake of Bharathiraja's Tamil film Kizhakke Pogum Rail.
Plot
Cast
Sunny Deol as Ravidas
Poonam Dhillon as Jyoti
Prem Chopra as Kishanlal
Bindu as Sukhdai
Shreeram Lagoo as Chhediram
Dharmendra as Sher Singh (Special Appearance)
Soundtrack
References
External links
1986 films
1980s Hindi-language films
Films directed by Bharathiraja
Films scored by R. D. Burman
Hindi remakes of Tamil films
Rubus spectabilis, the salmonberry, is a species of bramble in the rose family Rosaceae, native to the west coast of North America from west-central Alaska to California, inland as far as Idaho. Like many other species in the genus Rubus, the salmonberry plant bears edible fruit, typically yellow-orange or red in color, resembling raspberries in appearance.
Description
Rubus spectabilis is a deciduous, rhizomatous shrub growing to tall, with perennial (not biennial) woody stems that are covered with fine prickles, especially on new growth. The plant has golden or yellowish brown erect or arching stems (also known as "canes") that often form thickets, like many other brambles in the genus Rubus. The leaves are alternate, trifoliate (with three leaflets), long and typically ovate in shape, with the terminal leaflet being larger than the two side leaflets, which are sometimes shallowly lobed. The margins of the leaflets are doubly serrate. The leaves are also stipulate and are smooth to slightly hairy on the top surface, compared to the underside, which are typically more pale and hairy.
The flowers are in diameter, with a calyx of five hairy sepals and five pinkish-purple petals; they are produced from early spring to early summer, either singly or in clusters of 2 or 3. The flowers are perfect (bisexual), containing 75–100 stamens and many individual pistils with superior ovaries.
Salmonberries ripen from early May to late July in most of the Pacific Northwest (later in cooler climates), are long and resemble large shiny yellow to orange-red raspberries. The fruit pulls away from its receptacle, differentiating it from blackberries. Botanically speaking, the salmonberry is not a true berry, but instead an aggregate fruit made of many smaller drupelets. The fruits of the salmonberry plant exhibit polymorphism, as berries are often either red in color or a yellow-orange color. Studies have found that although both red and yellow-orange morphs have similar physical qualities, the red berries are more commonly consumed by birds, although this is likely not a strong enough selective pressure to determine color morph distribution alone; factors such as soil type (which affects germination), along with other unstudied factors are more likely responsible for the color polymorphism.
A similar species from Japan, the red-flowered raspberry (ベニバナイチゴ) was once considered a subspecies as R. spectabilis subsp. vernus. It is now reclassified as R. vernus.
Distribution and habitat
Salmonberries are typically found in coastal areas with nitrogen-rich soils, in moist to wet forests and streambanks, increasing in abundance in areas of high rainfall and decreasing in abundance at higher elevations and continentality. Ecologically speaking, salmonberry is often dominant and fast-growing in early-seral communities, and declines in abundance as the canopy begins to form. In open areas they often form large thickets, and are found to associate with stands of red alder (Alnus rubra), lady fern (Athyrium filixfemina), western skunk cabbage (Lysichitum americanum), devil's club (Oplopanax horridus), thimbleberry (Rubus parviflorus), and threeleaf foamflower (Tiarella trifoliata).
Ecology
In the wild, the fruit are typically eaten by birds, bears, and small mammals, among others, while the leaves, twigs, and stems are grazed on by herbivores such as deer, elk, and rabbits. Populations of dense thicket growth can provide escape habitats for small animals, as well as nesting sites for birds.
Uses
Salmonberries are edible. The fruit has been referred to as "insipid", but depending on ripeness and site, they are good eaten raw whether red or golden and when processed into jam, candy, jelly and wine. Native American people and early explorers also ate the young shoots. The shoots were harvested during April to early June before they turned woody or tough, and were peeled, then steamed, boiled, or pit-cooked, and eaten (or less commonly, eaten raw). Traditionally, the berries and sprouts were also eaten with salmon or mixed with oolichan grease or salmon roe. They were not dried because of their high moisture content.
Other uses by Native Americans include:
Boiling the leaves with fish as a flavoring (by the Nuu-chah-nulth people)
Using the leaves to line baskets, wipe fish, and cover cooking pits (by the Kaigani Haida people)
Using the branches as a pipe stem (by the Makah people)
Chewing and spitting the leaves (or bark in the winter) onto a burn as a treatment due to their astringent qualities (by the Quileute people)
Boiling the bark in seawater to create a brew to clean infected wounds (especially burns) as well as reduce labor pains (by the Quinault people)
It is also widely grown as an ornamental plant for its flowers, with a double-flowered clone identified in Washington and British Columbia. R. spectabilis has escaped cultivation and become naturalized in parts of northwestern Europe, including Great Britain, Ireland and the Faroe Islands.
References
External links
Czech Botany, Rubus spectabilis Pursh – ostružiník / ostružina in Czech with color photos of flowers, fruits, and leaves
US National Forest Service, Index of Species Information
University of Washington plant data sheet
spectabilis
Berries
Edible fruits
Flora of the Western United States
Flora of British Columbia
Flora of Alaska
Garden plants of North America
Plants described in 1813
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The Caroline Ladd Pratt House is a mansion at 229 Clinton Avenue, Brooklyn, New York, USA. It was formerly known as the Frederic B. Pratt House, as it was built for him as the family home with his wife Caroline Ladd Pratt. Completed in 1898, it was designed by architects Babb, Cook and Willard in a neo-Georgian style.
Caroline Ladd Pratt survived her husband. She bequeathed the mansion to the Pratt Institute, which the family had long supported. Today it us used as the residence of the college president. In 2017, Matiz Architecture and Design completed a restoration project that addressed many facade and window elements, bringing the historic residence back to its more elegant appearance. The exterior trellis was also restored as part of the architectural restoration.
References
Houses completed in 1898
1898 establishments in New York City
Babb, Cook and Willard buildings
Houses in Brooklyn
Colonial Revival architecture in New York (state)
Pratt Institute
Palotabozsok (; ) is a village in Baranya County, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Hungarian German communities
The Journal of Greco-Roman Christianity and Judaism is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by McMaster Divinity College. The editor-in-chief is Stanley E. Porter (McMaster Divinity College). Articles are published open access, until a volume is finished, after which they are available only in print. The journal is abstracted and indexed in the ATLA Religion Database.
References
External links
Journals about ancient Christianity
Judaic studies journals
Publications established in 2000
Annual journals
English-language journals
The U.S. Army Medical Command (MEDCOM) is a direct reporting unit of the U.S. Army that formerly provided command and control of the Army's fixed-facility medical, dental, and veterinary treatment facilities, providing preventive care, medical research and development and training institutions. On 1 October 2019, operational and administrative control of all military medical facilities transitioned to the Defense Health Agency.
MEDCOM is commanded by the Surgeon General of the United States Army, Lt. Gen. R. Scott Dingle. The Surgeon General is also head of the U.S. Army Medical Department (the AMEDD).
Peacetime garrison medicine until 2019
MEDCOM maintained day-to-day health care for soldiers, retired soldiers and the families of both. Despite the wide range of responsibilities involved in providing health care in traditional settings, as well as on the battlefield, it was claimed that quality of care compared very favorably with that of civilian health organizations, when measured by civilian standards, according to findings of the DoD's Civilian External Peer Review Program (CEPRP).
Deployments
Historically, when Army field hospitals deployed, most clinical professional and support personnel came from MEDCOM's fixed facilities. In addition to support of combat operations, deployments were for humanitarian assistance, peacekeeping, and other stability and support operations. Under the Professional Officer Filler System (PROFIS), up to 26 percent of MEDCOM physicians and 43 percent of MEDCOM nurses were sent to field units during a full deployment.
Medical personnel are now MTOE Assigned Personnel, referred to as "MAPED" or "Reverse PROFIS." Under the new system, personnel are assigned to the MTOE (Modified Table of Organization and Equipment) unit with duty assigned elsewhere to support TDA facility operations. To substitute staff, Reserve units and Individual Mobilization Augmentees (non-unit reservists) are mobilized to work in medical treatment facilities. The department also provides trained medical specialists to the Army's combat medical units, which are assigned directly to combatant commanders.
Many Army Reserve and Army National Guard units deploy in support of the Army Medical Department. The Army depends heavily on its Reserve component for medical support—about 63 percent of the Army's medical forces are in the Reserve component. The concept of the Expeditionary Resuscitative Surgical Team (ERST) has been around for several years. However, an official force requisition for ERST Teams was relayed to LTG Nadja West, former Army Surgeon General, in January 2016. ERST falls under the command and control of Medical command (MEDCOM) for the US Army. ERST Training consists of 3 weeks that is split between Fort Sam Houston, TX and Camp Bullis, TX.
The first ERST Team was rapidly integrated and deployed in May 2016 as ERST 1. The training conducted to prepare the clinicians chosen for ERST is austere, arduous, and stressful. Often, clinicians must do complex procedures and care for patients in these training environments for prolonged periods of time, and with limited resources. ERST is also trained on operational decision making and planning to better posture them for the Special Operation Forces (SOF) environment. The members of the team are selected by their respective military occupational specialty's (MOS) consultant to the surgeon general. The consultant for the MOS then sends the candidate's name to The Surgeon General (TSG) for final approval. Selected members must be physically fit, subject-matter experts in their fields, and ready to serve in a highly demanding position. An ERST consist of elite 8 members. One Certified Nurse Anesthetist (CRNA), One General Surgeon, One Orthopaedic Physician Assistant (PA), One Emergency Department Physician, One Critical Care Intensivist, One Surgical Technician, One Emergency Department Critical Care RN, and one Intensive Care/Critical Care RN. These members have also usually served on prior deployments within their medical capacity.
The team can be broken into three sub-units; Damage Control Resuscitation (DCR Team), Damage Control Surgery (DCS Team), and Critical Care Evacuation Team (CCET). The DCR Team is composed of the ED Physician and ER RN. The DCR Team consists of the General Surgeon, Ortho PA, CRNA, and the Surgical Technician. CCET Team includes the Intensivist and ICU Critical Care RN. ERST's mission is to deploy far forward with SOF units, decreasing the time between point of injury (POI) to surgical care in austere environments while also being as light and mobile as possible. At this time, ERST has only served in Africa Command's area of responsibility (AOR).
Currently, there are only six ERST Teams in existence. With the deactivation of Medical Command (MEDCOM), the ERST Mission will be assumed by another organization within the Army as Defense Health Agency (DHA) continues to gain control over all TDA medical facilities in the Army, Air Force, and Navy.
History
As the post–Cold War Army shrank, the U.S. Army's Health Services Command (HSC) decided to change the way it did business and operate more like a corporation. In 1992, HSC launched "Gateway To Care", a businesslike approach to health-care delivery. This was to be localized managed care, with improved quality, access and cost. In a design based more on catchment-area management than the previous "CHAMPUS Reform Initiative" (CRI), U.S. Army hospital commanders received more responsibility and managerial authority. Eleven "Gateway to Care sites opened in the spring of 1992. By that fall, all HSC facilities had submitted business plans which were favorably received. Starting in 1994, "Gateway To Care" was gradually absorbed into a new regional Defense Department tri-service managed-care plan called TRICARE, which was modeled on CRI.
In August 1993, the U.S. Army Chief of Staff approved a plan to reorganize the AMEDD. The merger of several medical elements resulted in a new, expanded medical major command under the Surgeon General. In October 1993, the "U.S. Army Medical Command (Provisional)" began a one-year process of replacing HSC and absorbing other AMEDD elements. Surgeon General Lt. Gen. Alcide M. Lanoue commanded the provisional MEDCOM, while Maj. Gen. Richard D. Cameron continued as HSC commander. In November 1993, DENCOM and VETCOM were formed as provisional commands under the MEDCOM, to provide real command chains for more efficient control of dental and veterinary units—the first time those specialties had been commanded by the same authorities who provided their technical guidance. The next month, seven MEDCEN commanders assumed command and control over care in their regions. The new "Health Service Support Areas" (HSSAs), under the MEDCOM, had more responsibility and authority than the old HSC regions.
In March 1994, a merger of Medical Research and Development Command, the Medical Material Agency and the Health Facilities Planning Agency resulted in creation of the Medical Research, Development, Acquisition and Logistics Command (MRDALC), subordinate to the provisional MEDCOM. The MRDALC was soon renamed the U.S. Army Medical Research and Material Command (USAMRMC). Then, in June 1994, an additional HSSA was formed to supervise medical care in Europe, replacing the 7th Medical Command, which inactivated. That summer, the Army Environmental Hygiene Agency formed the basis of the provisional Center for Health Promotion and Preventive Medicine (CHPPM).
Thus, in an unprecedented process of unification, U.S. Army medicine gradually came together in a new home under the command of the Surgeon General. Except for the field medical units commanded by the combat commanders, virtually all of Army Medicine is now part of the MEDCOM. The MEDCOM became fully operational, dropping the "provisional," in October 1994. In 1996, the HSSAs were renamed Regional Medical Commands and later in 2016, to Regional Health Commands.
Transition circa 2019
"The Defense Health Agency is assuming administration and management responsibilities from the Army, Navy and Air Force for all military hospitals and clinics [as of] 1 Oct. 2019. Congress initiated this change in administration and management because they saw a need for a more flexible, adaptable, effective and integrated system to manage [U.S. military medical] facilities.
DHA will initially oversee these facilities through a direct support relationship with the Military Medical Department intermediate management organizations. The DHA will relieve the Military Departments of this support during a transition period in which responsibility for specific health care and administrative functions are fully transferred from the Military Departments to the DHA.
DHA is establishing a market-based structure to manage the hospitals and clinics. These market organizations will provide shared administrative services to the hospitals and clinics in their region. They will be responsible for generating medical readiness of active duty members and families in their regions, as well as ensuring the readiness of their medical personnel."
Other responsibilities formerly assigned to MEDCOM have also been transferred, as of 1 October 2019. Logistics and material research and supply have been assigned to United States Army Material Command, and medical training is now the responsibility of Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC). The Army Medical Department Center & School (AMEDDC&S) has been renamed the Army Medical Center of Excellence. The Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, Bethesda, MD, was transferred to the direct control of the Defense Health Agency.
Previous subordinate commands of MEDCOM also included the United States Army Dental Command, Fort Sam Houston, TX.
The Army Medical Department ("the AMEDD") remains, as an overall administrative body, including the Medical Corps, Nurse Corps, Dental Corps, Veterinary Corps, Medical Service Corps, and Medical Specialist Corps.
Structure
Office of the Surgeon General Medical Command Headquarters
Ambassador Program
AMEDD DoD/VA Program Office
U.S. Army Public Health Center, previously known as the U.S. Army Center for Health Promotion & Preventive Medicine (USACHPPM) prior to 1 October 2009; it and the U.S. Army Veterinary Command (VETCOM) were merged in 2011 to create USAPHC.
Rehabilitation and Reintegration Division
Reserve Affairs
Warrior Care & Transition
MEDCOM is also divided into Regional Health Commands (RHCs) that oversee day-to-day operations and exercise command and control over the Medical Treatment Facilities in their regions. There are currently four of these regional commands:
Regional Health Command-Europe
Landstuhl Army Medical Center, Germany
Other hospitals and installations
Regional Health Command-Central
Bayne-Jones ACH, Fort Polk, LA
San Antonio Military Medical Center, Joint Base San Antonio, TX
Carl R. Darnall Army Medical Center, Fort Hood, TX
Evans ACH, Fort Carson, CO
General Leonard Wood ACH, Fort Leonard Wood, MO
William Beaumont Army Medical Center, Ft. Bliss, TX
Other hospitals and installations
Regional Health Command-Atlantic
Womack Army Medical Center, Ft. Bragg, NC
Other hospitals and installations
Regional Health Command-Pacific
Madigan Army Medical Center, Joint Base Lewis-McChord, WA
Other hospitals and installations
Medical Research & Material Command
6th Medical Logistics Management Center
Armed Forces Institute of Regenerative Medicine
Armed Forces Medical Examiner System
Armed Forces Research Institute of Medical Sciences
Blast Injury Research Program
Clinical and Rehabilitative Medicine Research Program
Combat Casualty Care Research Program
Congressionally Directed Medical Research Programs
Defense Centers of Excellence for Psychological Health and Traumatic Brain Injury
National Museum of Health and Medicine
U.S. Army Aeromedical Research Laboratory
U.S. Army Center for Environmental Health Research
U.S. Army Dental & Craniofacial Trauma Research Directorate
U.S. Army Institute of Surgical Research
U.S. Army Medical Material Agency
U.S. Army Medical Material Center – Europe
U.S. Army Medical Material Center – Korea
U.S. Army Medical Material Development Activity
U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases
U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Chemical Defense
U.S. Army Research Institute of Environmental Medicine
Walter Reed Army Institute of Research
U.S. Army Research Unit - Kenya
See also
:List of former United States Army medical units
References
External links
https://armymedicine.health.mil/
This article also contains information that originally came from US Government publications and websites and is in the public domain.
1993 establishments in the United States
Military units and formations established in 1993
Medical Command
Joint Base San Antonio
REDF may refer to
Rediff.com, an Indian news, information, entertainment and shopping web portal
Roberts Enterprise Development Fund, a philanthropic organisation founded by George R. Roberts
Events in the year 2019 in Russia.
Incumbents
President: Vladimir Putin
Prime Minister: Dmitry Medvedev
Events
February – The Russian military launches a nationwide tour to parade war trophies from its intervention in the Syrian Civil War.
2-12 March – 2019 Winter Universiade
6 March – the Russian Federal Assembly passed a law criminalising publication of online statements that are found "indecent" or "disrespectful" towards Russian state or government officials (including the president), stipulating fines of up to 100,000 roubles for first-time offenders, and 200,000 roubles or up to 15 days imprisonment for repeat.
5 May – Aeroflot Flight 1492 crashes and bursts into flames at Sheremetyevo International Airport, killing 41 people on board.
8 August – Nyonoksa radiation accident
15 August – Ural Airlines Flight 178 crashed, all on board survived.
7 September – Filmmaker Oleg Sentsov and 66 others have been released in a prisoner exchange between Ukraine and Russia.
Births
May 21, Tengku Ismail Leon Petra, son of the Muhammad V of Kelantan and Oksana Voevodina
Deaths
February
February 3, Detsl, 35, Russian hip hop artist, heart attack.
February 4, Evgeniy Aleksandrov, footballer (b.1952)
February 8, Sergei Yursky, actor (b.1935)
March
March 1, Zhores Alferov, scientist (b.1930)
April
April 27, Aleksey Lebed, politician (b.1955)
May
May 9, Sergei Dorenko, journalist (b.1959)
July
July 3 – Arseny Mironov, aeronautical engineer (b. 1917)
See also
References
2010s in Russia
Years of the 21st century in Russia
Russia
Russia
Russia
Ansbert () was a Frankish Austrasian noble, as well as a Gallo-Roman Senator. He is thought to be the son of Ferreolus, Senator of Narbonne and his wife, Dode. This would make him the great-grandson of Tonantius Ferreolus, Praetorian Prefect of Gaul and his wife Papianilla.
Little of his actual life is known. His wife Billihild was reputed to be a daughter of Charibert I (reigned 561–567), Merovingian King of Paris, and granddaughter of Chlothar I.
Marriage and issue
The Liber Historiae Francorum, written centuries later, states that he married Blithilde, a daughter of King Hlothar and then continues the line to the Pippinids through his son Arnoald to Arnulf of Metz, one of the progenitors of the Carolingians. William of Malmesbury in his History of the Kings of England, repeats the line, without naming his source. While some versions of the relationship identify this "King Hlothar" as the "father of Dagobert" and hence Clothar II, a 9th-century genealogy and some modern reconstructions posit that Ansbertus' wife must have been a daughter of Clothar I, making her the offspring of his brief relationship with Waldrada. However, Gregory of Tours, writing contemporary to the sons of Clothar I and our main source on the early Merovingians, does not ascribe to Waldrada any children by her brief extra-marital relationship with Chlothar.
The following children are proposed for Ansbertus and Blithilde:
Arnoald, Bishop of Metz
Munderic, Bishop of Arisitum
Tarsicius or Tarsice.
Footnotes
Sources
"Europe after Rome : a new cultural history 500-1000", by Julia M H Smith, Oxford University Press 2005 : "The Carolingian dynasty...appropriated the Roman past into its ancestry by a genealogy that claimed that its sainted (and historically attested) founder, Arnulf of Metz (d.c. 643) was the grandson of the (mythical) Merovingian princess Blithild and her (equally mythical) husband Ansbert, hailed as a Roman senator."
Weis, Frederick Lewis Ancestral Roots of Certain American Colonist Who Came To America Before 1700 (7th ed.), lines 180 (all) & 190-9
New England Historic and Genealogical Register 101:112
Christian Settipani, Les Ancêtres de Charlemagne (France: Éditions Christian, 1989).
Christian Settipani, Continuite Gentilice et Continuite Familiale Dans Les Familles Senatoriales Romaines A L'epoque Imperiale, Mythe et Realite, Addenda I-III (juillet 2000-octobre 2002) (n.p.: Prosopographica et Genealogica, 2002).
6th-century Gallo-Roman people
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Senators of the Roman Republic
fr:Faux Mérovingiens#Ansbert le sénateur
The Demons of Eden: The Power that Protects Child Pornography is a book by the Mexican journalist Lydia Cacho that analyzed the problem of child pornography and child prostitution. The book records Cacho's investigation of the networks of powerful people who abused or allowed for the abuse of children. Cacho lists the names of those involved in the exploitation and offers an examination of the inner workings of the child sex trade and politics in Mexico.
Cacho includes the name of a millionaire hotel franchise owner with interests in Cancún and personal connections to the state of Puebla, Jean Succar Kuri, who was then 60 years old. In response to the accusations and evidence presented against him in the book, he was detained in Chandler, Arizona, by agents of the United States Marshals Service in compliance with an arrest warrant generated by the Attorney General of Mexico.
References
2005 non-fiction books
Mexican non-fiction books
Spanish-language books
Non-fiction books about organized crime
Non-fiction books about sexuality
Books about politicians
Aproidini is a tribe of tortoise and leaf-mining beetles (Cassidinae) with three recognized species.
It is a monophyletic tribe, found most closely related to Eurispini and Exothispini. The known host plant is Eustrephus latifolius R. Br. Ex Ker-Gawl.
Species
Aproida
Aproida cribata Lea 1929
Aproida balyi Pascoe 1863
Aproida monteithi Samuelson 1989
References
Cassidinae
Frants Diderik Bøe (28 May 1820 - 13 November 1891) was a Norwegian painter, who specialized in still life and landscapes.
Biography
Frants Diderik Bøe was born and grew up in Bergen, Norway, as the second oldest of seven siblings. Encouraged by the local artistic community, including Johan Christian Dahl, he moved to Copenhagen where he enrolled in the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts. There he studied with the architect Gustav Friedrich Hetsch and sculptor Herman Wilhelm Bissen. He also trained with artist, Christen Købke. In 1849, he moved to Paris, where he studied under the expatriate Danish painter Theude Grønland (1817-1876). Starting in 1852, his vision became impaired from eye disease which would come to effect his later works.
After eight years in Paris, he returned to Norway. He lived in Nordland from 1858 to 1861 and from 1863 to 1864, principally painting landscapes and scenes from nature. He married Hanna Maria Arnesen, a teacher from Lofoten, in 1864. Later that year, the couple moved to Bergen where he lived the rest of his life.
His work is featured in several public art museums, principally within Norway. Notable collections are featured at the National Gallery in Oslo, Bergen Billedgalleri and Oscarshall in Oslo.
Awards
Honorable Mention - Salonen Paris, 1852
Silver and bronze medal - Exposition Universelle. 1855
Medal - Vienna World Exhibition, 1873
Gallery
References
Other sources
Dietrichson, Lorentz (1991) Norges kunsts historie i det nittende arhundre (Oslo: Messel Forlag AS)
External links
Frants Diderik Bøe (NiceArtGallery.com)
Frants Diderik Bøe (Galleri Lofotens Hus)
Frants Diderik Bøe - Norwegian Still Life painter (Fine Art)
1820 births
1891 deaths
19th-century Norwegian painters
Artists from Bergen
Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts alumni
Norwegian male painters
19th-century Norwegian male artists
"Ay Chico (Lengua Afuera)" () is the second single from the album El Mariel by American artist Pitbull. The single was produced by Mr. Collipark. It peaked at number 92 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Charts
References
2006 singles
2006 songs
Pitbull (rapper) songs
TVT Records singles
Spanglish songs
Songs written by Pitbull (rapper)
Songs written by Mr. Collipark
Quadrama is an album by saxophonist and composer Gil Mellé recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label.
Reception
Allmusic awarded the album 2 stars.
Track listing
All compositions by Gil Mellé except as indicated
"Rush Hour in Hong Kong" - 6:49
"Jacqueline" - 5:16
"It Doesn't Mean a Thing (If It Ain't Got That Swing)" (Duke Ellington, Irving Mills) - 6:15
"In a Sentimental Mood" (Ellington, Mills, Manny Kurtz) - 4:45
"Walter Ego" - 3:20
"Full House" - 5:15
"Quadrama" - 3:35
Personnel
Gil Mellé - baritone saxophone
Joe Cinderella - guitar
George Duvivier - bass
Shadow Wilson - drums
Production
Bob Weinstock - supervisor
Rudy Van Gelder - engineer
References
Gil Mellé albums
1957 albums
Prestige Records albums
Albums produced by Bob Weinstock
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
John Martin Ball (11 December 1934 – 5 September 2016) was a British Anglican bishop. He was Assistant Bishop of Central Tanganyika in the Anglican Church of Tanzania, and retired to the Church of England.
Ball graduated from the University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in 1955, before attending Tyndale Hall, Bristol, training for the priesthood. He was ordained a deacon at Michaelmas (20 September) 1959 by Anthony Hoskyns-Abrahall, Bishop of Lancaster and a priest at Michaelmas (15 September) 1960 by George Holderness, Bishop of Burnley (both times in Blackburn Cathedral), to serve as curate of St Jude's Blackburn until 1963.
In Kenya, he became a curate in Eldoret (1969–1971, serving as a youth worker) and at Nakuru Cathedral (1971–1975) and then Vicar of St Francis Karen, Nairobi (1975–1979). He then served the Bible Churchmen's Missionary Society as Deputy General Secretary (1979–1981) and then as General Secretary (1981–1995), during which time the society's name changed to Crosslinks (from 1993). During his time as General Secretary, he was also honorary curate of Christ Church Sidcup, Greater London (Diocese of Rochester); and he became an honorary canon of Karamoja, Uganda in 1988, retaining that honour until his death. He also served in Kenya as press manager for the Anglican Church of Kenya.
Ball was consecrated on 14 January 1996 to be Assistant Bishop of Central Tanganyika, in the Diocese of Central Tanganyika, Anglican Church of Tanzania, in which post he served until his 2000 retirement. He retired back to the United Kingdom, where he was licensed an honorary assistant bishop of the Diocese of Chelmsford from 2000 until his death; and where he would preach at Holy Trinity Springfield, Essex. He was married to Anne, and they had three children.
References
1934 births
2016 deaths
Anglican bishops of Central Tanganyika
20th-century Anglican bishops in Tanzania
21st-century Anglican bishops in Tanzania
Place of birth missing
Alumni of Cardiff University
The Assembly of Estates (, ) was the legislature of Luxembourg from 1841 to 1848, and again from 1856 to 1868.
Background and role
The Congress of Vienna awarded the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to the King of the Netherlands in personal union, as his private property, though it also became part of the German Confederation. King William I therefore became King-Grand Duke. He, however, administered Luxembourg essentially as part of the Netherlands, and Luxembourg was represented in the Dutch Estates-General from 1816. In the Belgian Revolution of 1830, the southern provinces of the Netherlands split off to become the Kingdom of Belgium; many Luxembourgers wished to become part of this new Belgian state as well. In the 1839 Treaty of London, however, a compromise was found: the large French-speaking part of Luxembourg became part of Belgium, as the province of Luxembourg. The remaining, German-speaking part of Luxembourg became the Grand-Duchy of today, and remained under the Dutch King. The Treaty affirmed Luxembourg as an independent and sovereign state, and the "rump" Luxembourg was, in any case, geographically separated from the Netherlands. Luxembourg was therefore to receive its own government institutions.
The Grand-Ducal decree of 12 October 1841 on a "Constitution of the Estates" created an Assembly of Estates, consisting of 34 Deputies. Its powers were highly restricted: it could not take decisions and exercised a purely consultative role alongside the sovereign. Very few matters required its approval, and only the Grand Duke could propose laws. The Assembly only sat for 15 days a year, and these sessions were held in secret.
The Assembly was composed of Deputies who were elected in the cantons by Electors in electoral colleges. These Electors in turn were chosen by those with the right to vote. To be able to vote, one had to be a Luxembourgish citizen, over 25 years of age, and to pay 10 guilders in taxes. Becoming an Elector was subject to similar conditions, but was open only to those paying more than 20 guilders in taxes. This meant that only 3% of the population was entitled to vote, and around 30 notables per canton then chose the Deputies. The Assembly therefore consisted mostly of large-scale landowners. Deputies were elected for renewable terms of 6 years, and every 3 years, half of the Assembly was up for (re-)election.
Under the influence of the revolutionary democratic movements in France and the rest of Europe in 1848, the Constituent Assembly wrote a new Constitution for Luxembourg. This introduced a constitutional monarchy, and gave the legislature, now called the Chamber of Deputies, enhanced powers. It was now able to propose and amend laws, vote on the budget, and launch inquiries. The government became accountable to the legislature, whose sessions were now held publicly.
Return and abolition
The period of 1856-1868 was an interlude, and saw a brief return to authoritarianism. In the Luxembourg Coup of 1856, the King-Grand Duke William III replaced the liberal constitution of 1848 with a new one: the legislature was renamed the "Assembly of Estates", retaining its legislative powers, but the Grand Duke was not required to approve and promulgate its laws within a specific timeframe. Taxes no longer required annual approval, and the permanent budget was re-introduced.
This state of affairs lasted until 1868. After Luxembourg had been declared independent and neutral in the Treaty of London of 1867, a compromise was found between the liberal constitution of 1848 and the authoritarian charter of 1856. The legislature was renamed the Chamber of Deputies, and recovered most of its powers lost in 1856.
See also
The Estates
Estates of the realm
References
History of Luxembourg (1815–1890)
Historical legislatures
Japan–Montenegro relations refers to the bilateral relationship between Japan and Montenegro. Japan recognised Montenegro on 16 June 2006, stating then that "the policy of the Government of Japan [is] to attach importance to the peace and stability of Western Balkans countries including Montenegro".
History
During the Russo-Japanese War, volunteers from Montenegro were encouraged to fight in the Russian Army in Manchuria. However, Montenegro was not mentioned in the 1905 peace treaty and a technical state of war was presumed to exist between the two countries. In 2006, Japan made the gesture of recognising Montenegrin independence following its secession from Serbia and declared then that hostilities were over.<ref> "Montenegro, Japan to declare truce," United Press International (US). 16 June 2006; "Montenegro, Japan End 100 Years' War," History News Network (US). citing World Peace Herald, 16 June 2006; retrieved 2011-05-11</ref>
Recent developments
Montenegro has an honorary consulate in Tokyo, but there is no resident Japanese representative in Montenegro. However, the country has been recipient of Japanese development aid, and in 2017 the Japanese ambassador to Serbia visited the Montenegrin Prime Minister.
Montenegro has minor trade relations with Japan. In 2017 it imported goods worth €19 million from there and exported €2 million worth. According to the Japanese Foreign Ministry, there was a very small community of 27 Japanese nationals in Montenegro in 2017.
In 2016, Montenegro expelled 58 foreigners (of whom only four were Japanese) linked to the doomsday cult Aum Shinrikyo, which was behind the deadly nerve gas assault on the Tokyo subway in March 1995. A police statement said they had “received information from [Japanese] partner security services showing that a group of foreign nationals, who were numbers of a closed religious group, were staying in Montenegro.”
See also
Foreign Relations of Japan
Foreign Relations of Montenegro
Japan–Yugoslavia relations
Notes
References
Batrićević, Đuro. (1996). Crnogorci u rusko-japanskom ratu (Montenegrins in the Russo-Japanese War). Cetinje: Obod. OCLC 040389738
__. (1994). Dr Anto Gvozdenović: general u tri vojske. Crnogorci u rusko-japanskom ratu (Dr. Anto Gvozdenovic: General in Three Armies; Montegegrans in the Russo-Japanese War'') Cetinje: Obod. ; OCLC 164797877
External links
Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MOFA), Japan-Montenegro Relations
Tighter bonds with the Japanese
Montenegro
Bilateral relations of Montenegro
Klanec is a Slovene place name that may refer to:
Klanec, Komenda, a village in the Municipality of Komenda, northern Slovenia
Klanec pri Gabrovki, a village in the Municipality of Litija, southeastern Slovenia
Klanec pri Komnu, a village in the Municipality of Komen, southwestern Slovenia
Klanec pri Kozini, a village in the Municipality of Hrpelje–Kozina, southwestern Slovenia
Feld Entertainment Inc. is an American live show production company which owns a number of traveling shows. The company began with the now-defunct Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus then expanded into additional live events, including Disney on Ice, Monster Jam, AMA Supercross Championship, and Sesame Street Live. The company is family owned.
History
In 1967, Irvin Feld Israel Feld and Roy M. Hofheinz offered to purchase the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus. Broadway producers Cy Feuer and Ernest H. Martin sued in December 1967 to stop the sale. Nevertheless, the purchase of the combined circuses from the Ringling and North families to the Feld group took place for $8 million. The company was taken public in 1969. Kenneth Feld joined the business in 1970 after finishing college.
Mattel purchased the company in 1971 for $50 million in Mattel stock, while Feld continued managing the circus. After Walt Disney World opened near Orlando, Florida, in 1971, the circus company attempted to cash in on the resulting tourism surge by opening Circus World in nearby Haines City.<ref name=ppl>{{cite news|last1=Langdon|first1=Dolly|title=Lord of the Rings' Irvin Feld Has Made a Fading Circus the Greatest Show on Earth Again|url=http://www.people.com/people/archive/article/0,,20076452,00.html|access-date=August 4, 2015|work=People|date=May 12, 1980}}</ref> Irvin & Kenneth Feld Productions in 1979 purchased from Chicago-based Bill Wirtz the Holiday on Ice and Ice Follies for $12 million. The company soon approached Disney about doing a Disney show on ice. By 1980, the company produced 10 circus and ice show TV specials. An investment was also made in Barnum, the Broadway musical. In 1981, Ken Feld started the Beyond Belief show at the New Frontier Hotel and Casino.
The Felds bought the company back in 1982 for $22.8 million. By then, the business included Holiday on Ice, Ice Follies, Walt Disney's World on Ice, and Beyond Belief Las Vegas nightclub act. Circus World was sold to Arizona developer James Monaghan in 1984. Ringlings' third touring company, Gold Unit, premiered on July 1, 1988, in Japan. In late 1988, Beyond Belief Las Vegas act went on an international tour.
Feld Entertainment
In , Irvin & Kenneth Feld Productions, Inc. changed its name to Feld Entertainment, Inc. In 2001, Ken Feld began gifting shares of Feld Entertainment to his three daughters Nicole, Alana and Juliette Feld. Nicole was hired into the family business in 2001 and became the first female producer of the Ringling Bros. Circus in 2004. Alana also signed on in 2003.
Due to an accident in October 2003, the Siegfried & Roy show was closed. FE started producing Disney Live! shows in June 2004 with Winnie the Pooh in the United Kingdom. Alana produced the first Doodlebops Live! in 2006. In 2006, Nicole was a vice president in charge of the circus. The company sold its Vienna, Virginia headquarters in May 2006 to America's Capital Partners then leased it back until 2018. In 2007, Nicole and Alana were elevated to executive vice president of the company.
The company signed a 10-year agreement with Disney Live Family Entertainment for Disney on Ice, Disney Live and other Disney productions in August 2008. In September, Feld also acquired the motorsports division of Live Nation, including the properties of Monster Jam (and several associated monster trucks), Supercross, Arenacross, and the IHRA. The motor sport division was renamed Feld Entertainment Motor Sports. Feld Motor Sports launched its first new arena-based freestyle motocross touring production, Nuclear Cowboyz, in 2010. Feld Motor Sports sold the IHRA to IRG Sports + Entertainment in 2012.
Feld Entertainment and Zignia Live, management company of Arena Ciudad de Mexico and Arena Monterrey, signed a promotion agreement in April 2011 bringing any of Feld shows to Zingia's managed arenas for a total of 18 weeks. This brings back the Ringling Bros circus in May 2012 that had been absent from Mexico since 2002.
In January 2012, the company purchased Palmetto Corporate Center, a former Siemens Corp. complex in Ellenton, Florida, and plans to move most of its various operations and its world headquarters there over a five-year period starting with its worldwide production center. Feld agreed in October 2013 to occupy a to be built 241,457-square-foot warehouse in the Baltimore-Washington Industrial Park, Jessup, Maryland expected to be finished in November 2014 to consolidated two other warehouses elsewhere in the industrial park used for merchandise. In 2015, Feld Motor Sports HQ moved from Illinois to Ellenton.
In March 2013, Feld agreed with Marvel Entertainment, which was acquired by The Walt Disney Company in 2009, to produce Marvel Universe Live!, a Marvel character-based live arena show. Marketing campaign company Cimarron Group was hired in 2013 by Feld Entertainment for all media campaign for Marvel Live and other Feld shows. The Cimarron Group however shut down August 2013.
Juliette Feld was promoted to chief operating officer of the corporation in February 2016.
In November 2016, Feld Entertainment and Sesame Workshop announced an agreement for a new Sesame Street Live show to debut in October 2017 to replace one by VStar Entertainment Group ending in July 2017.
Citing low attendance rates, Feld Entertainment announced the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus would close after their final performance on May 21, 2017. The retirement of the elephants was a factor in the decreased attendance, but the company would continue operating its Center for Elephant Conservation. It is set to return in 2023, but with the animal acts removed.
Feld Entertainment entered into the amusement and attractions industry again. Feld and Universal Brand Development has agreed to develop multiple properties into mobile pop-up attractions in April 2018. The first being DreamWorks Trolls: The Experience starting its tour in the third quarter 2018 in New York. At the IAAPA Attractions Expo 2018, Feld offered two concepts at the expo, a Monster Jam roller coaster and Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus interactive stations. In September 2019, Feld and Universal will start its joint touring show, Jurassic World Live Tour, in Columbus, Ohio.
Units
Feld Entertainment owns:
Feld Consumer Products, concession and merchandising division in Jessup, Maryland
Feld Motor Sports, Inc.
Monster Jam
AMA Supercross Championship
International Hot Rod Association Nitro Jam (2008–2012)
Nuclear Cowboyz (2010–2013)
Hagenbeck–Wallace, Inc., a property, costume and scenic design company
Ice Follies And Holiday on Ice, Inc. produces:
Disney on Ice, originally Walt Disney's World on Ice
Classic Ice Spectaculars
Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus (1967–2017, 2023–)
Live show productions
Disney Live!Winnie the Pooh (–2005) United Kingdom, Spain, The Netherlands, Australia and New Zealand (–2006) USA (2006–) JapanMickey's Magic ShowPlayhouse Disney / Disney Junior Live:Playhouse Disney Live on Tour! (launched ) focuses on Mickey Mouse Clubhouse, Little Einsteins, Handy Manny and My Friends Tigger & Pooh characters of Playhouse Disney shows and produced by Ken and Alana Feld.Mickey's Rockin' Road Show was created in early 2009 and is on its second tour starting in . The show has 15-minute interactive pre-show segment, Playhouse Disney Pre-Show Party, with video highlights.Pirate & Princess Adventure features Sofia the First and Jake and the Never Land PiratesThree Classic Fairy Tales (opened May 2008) China)Mickey's Music FestivalMickey and Minnie's Doorway to Magic (Brazil –2016) (US Early 2016–) The show is directed and choreographed by Fred Tallaksen and produced by Alana Feld.
OthersDoodlebops Live! (2006–)High School Musical Summer Celebration (2009–
Marvel Universe Live! (–present)George Lucas' Super Live Adventure, premiere in Yokohama, Japan on with a 22-week tour there. "Willow," "American Graffiti," the Indiana Jones series, "Tucker" and the "Star Wars" movies were all included in the story.Goosebumps–Live on StageDisney's Phineas and Ferb: The Best Live Tour Ever! (August 2011 — February 2013)
Sesame Street Live (October 2017—)
Sesame Street, Beaches Resorts
Sesame Street, SeaWorld theme parks
Sesame Street, Sesame Place in Middletown Township, Pa and Chula Vista, CA.
Jurassic World Live Tour (September 2019—) started in Columbus, Ohio moved across part of the Midwest and East Coast
Pop-up attractions
DreamWorks Trolls: The Experience (New York October 22, 2018)
Theatrical
(most on Broadway):BigBarnumLargely New YorkFool MoonMADhattan in Las VegasThree Musketeers'' musical (1984)
References
External links
, Feld Motor Sports, Inc, subsidiary producer of Monster Jam, Supercross, Arenacross, Nuclear Cowboyz
, license property show produced by Feld
, DreamWorks Trolls The Experience
Motorcycle racing
Ice shows
Companies based in Manatee County, Florida
Entertainment companies established in 1967
American companies established in 1967
Former Mattel subsidiaries
Auenbrugger's sign is a bulging of the epigastrium seen in cases of severe pericardial effusion. It is often not spotted because pericardial effusion can be caught on echocardiography before it progresses this far. It is named after Joseph Leopold Auenbrugger.
References
External links
Medical signs
Cardiology
Southeast Grove is an unincorporated community in Eagle Creek Township, Lake County, Indiana.
Geography
Southeast Grove is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Gross domestic product (GDP) is the market value of all final goods and services from a nation in a given year. Countries are sorted by nominal GDP estimates from financial and statistical institutions, which are calculated at market or government official exchange rates. Nominal GDP does not take into account differences in the cost of living in different countries, and the results can vary greatly from one year to another based on fluctuations in the exchange rates of the country's currency. Such fluctuations may change a country's ranking from one year to the next, even though they often make little or no difference in the standard of living of its population.
List of nominal GDP for European countries in a billion USD
This is a sortable list of all European countries by their gross domestic product in billions of US dollars at market or official government exchange rates (nominal GDP), according to the International Monetary Fund. The economic and political map of Europe also includes: Turkey, Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and Kosovo.
See also
List of sovereign states and dependent territories in Europe by GDP (PPP)
List of U.S. states and territories by GDP
List of metropolitan areas in the European Union by GDP
List of European countries by budget revenues
List of European countries by budget revenues per capita
Economy of Europe
World economy
European Union
OSCE countries statistics
Sources
International Monetary Fund, World Economic Outlook Database, April 2016 edition
International Monetary Fund, World Economic Outlook Database, October 2016 edition
References
Europe
GDP (nominal)
GDP (nominal)
GDP (nominal), List of European countries by
Economy of Europe-related lists
Protest art against the Marcos dictatorship in the Philippines pertains to artists' depictions and critical responses to social and political issues during the presidency of Ferdinand Marcos. Individual artists as well as art groups expressed their opposition to the Marcos regime through various forms of visual art, such as paintings, murals, posters, editorial cartoons, and comics. Many forms of protest art carried themes of social realism, which art historian Alice Guillermo defines as art that aims to expose the true conditions of society. Popular forms of protest art also served as materials used in protest rallies. Many works of art represent struggles of the working class, such as workers and the urban poor, women's struggle, tribal Filipinos, the clergy and religious, and the antifascist, anti-colonial, and anti-imperialist struggles.
Prominent Artists and Art Organizations
Protest art against the Marcos dictatorship began during his first presidential term in 1965-1969. At the time it was closely associated with journalism and its daily reporting of social and political issues. Its earliest forms came as editorial cartoons in magazines and newspapers such as Philippines Free Press and Asia-Philippines Leader. One of top political cartoonists of the time was Danilo Dalena, who satirized public figures and criticized issues such as militarism, collusion with the U.S. government officials, and military abuses. Another prominent figure was Jaime de Guzman, who painted themes of nationalism on canvas and murals. One of his murals were painted in the Kabataang Makabayan headquarters, and carrying themes of Philippine anti-colonial revolutions which, for him, resonated with social struggles at the time. Benedicto Cabrera, or BenCab, also contributed significant work during this time. According to Alice Guillermo, his art presented elements of class-consciousness and nationalist themes, sympathizing with the social conditions of the masses.
The years 1970 to 1972 saw the formation of art organizations dedicated to criticizing the Marcos regime. Artists and architects from various colleges banded together to form the organization Nagkakaisang Progresibong Artista at Arkitekto (NPAA) or 'United Progressive Artists and Architects', in 1971. NPAA's art was informed by the doctrines of Karl Marx, Vladimir Lenin and Mao Tse-Tung. The nature of their art was that it was "art for the masses". Members of NPAA immersed in depressed areas to interact with the people and to conduct workshops. Others went to the countryside to see the lives of the peasants and engage them in political education, at times linked with armed struggle.
In 1976, the art collective Kaisahan (Solidarity) was formed, emerging from Leftist efforts to mobilize the youth in the struggle against the 'exploitative forces of US imperialism and its local agents'. Kaisahan circulated a manifesto similar to the ideals of NPAA, which focuses on the formation and understanding of a national identity, opposing the Philippines' relationship with the West and its consequent westernization.
Themes of Social-Realist Art
19th Century Colonial History and Revolution. Artists drew parallels between the revolution against the Spanish colonizers in the nineteenth century, and the struggle against the Marcos dictatorship. Both portrayed similarities in the history against oppressive powers and themes of national identity. Some examples include Benedicto Cabrera's Filipino Prisoners of War, A Public Execution, The Last March, and Brown Man's Burden. Orlando Castillo also painted images from the 19th century Philippine history, such as Sulat Kay Ina 1896. Renato Habulan painted a series of Sisa paintings, based on Jose Rizal's character who was a mother driven to madness after losing her two sons in colonial repression. Some of these include Sa Lupi ng Katahimikan ni Sisa (In the Fold of Sisa's Silence). Edgar Talusan Fernandez also represented themes from colonial history in his Gomburza, which depicts the three martyred priests.
Anti-Imperialist Struggle. According to Alice Guillermo, imperialism was often associated with images of the American Uncle Sam with his top hat, striped coat and pants, often as a puppeteer manipulating Philippine government officials. Many artists also represented the collusion of the American government with the Marcos dictatorship, often using U.S. presidents as icons. Orlando Castillo's Justice Under Martial Law presents Ferdinand Marcos partially covered by the American flag, while he also wears a Barong Tagalog. Uncle Sam's figure was found in many murals, posters, leaflets and effigies burn during protest rallies and demonstrations. Danilo Dalena employed the Uncle Sam theme in his editorial cartoon for the Asia-Philippines Leader. Kaisahan artist Pablo Baens Santos also employed anti-imperialist themes in his Panginoong Maylupa and Komprador, both showing U.S. collusion with local elites. Neil Doloricon's Lakas Paggawa is a collage of colored ads and logos of multinational products, beside figures of factory workers. In his painting Reagan, the American president oversees demolition and hamletting.
Workers and the Urban Poor. According to art historian Alice Guillermo, a large number of social realist paintings had themes of workers and labor power, and their relations within a colonial and feudal system. The exodus of Filipino migrant workers due to unemployment and underemployment during the Marcos administration also reflected in themes of protest art. In 1985, the Committee for the Advancement of Filipino People's Art (CAPFA) helped an exhibit entitled "A Tribute to Workers: Philippine International Art Exhibition 1", held in Broadway in New York City. It was primarily organized by sculptor Rey Contreras, painter Papo de Asis and Bob Ortaliz of the Kilusang Mayo Uno. Major themes about workers and their conditions are about alienation, images of workers, class contradiction, strikes, workers and machines, poverty, political oppression, and the plights of migrant workers. Antipas Delotavo's series Mga Kaluluwang Di-Masinagan (Souls in Darkness) portrays dialectic between man as a worker alienated from his humanity. Delotavo also painted Piping Tagulaylay (Mute Lament) and Bulong na Umaalingawngaw (Echoing Whisper), which are also concerned with the theme of the urban poor. Pablo Baen Santos's Komprador and Welga are both about labor strikes, which occurred frequently during the 1980s. Labor strikes was also the subject matter of other paintings, such as Neil Doloricon's Huling Balita (Last News), Wanted: Dead or Alive, Itaas ang Sahod (Increase Wages), and Hinagpis (Grief).
Struggle against Feudalism and the Exploitation of Farm Workers. Art that represented peasants and farmworkers during the Marcos administration were often social realist in nature, protesting the feudal and exploitative conditions in the countryside. Aside from portraits of peasants, many artists aimed to invoke a greater sense of class consciousness. Benedicto Cabrera's Ang Tao (The Man) was part of his series of paintings and prints inspired by old Philippine photographs. It depicts the Filipino peasant, one whose economic oppression has not changed through history. Renato Habulan also depicted peasants and farmworkers in his Lakas Series in 1981. Pablo Baen Santos has also painted numerous paintings of peasants, such as Panginoong Maylupa (Landlord). It portrays a landlord in collusion with an American and other foreign powers, reflecting labor and agricultural issues of the time, where the Philippines exported raw materials and agricultural products, but imports costly finished products in return. The plight of the Sugar Plantation Workers was also a theme of social realist paintings. They often depicted the contrast between the two social classes, as seen in the sakada, or farmworker and the landlord. Renato Habulan's show Dulo't Dulo (Polarities) was a series of paintings that showed the contrast between the landlord and peasant, and the comprador capitalist and farmworker. Antipas Delotavo's show Mga Bayaning Di-Kilala (Unknown Heroes) had content from his exposure trip to Hacienda Luisita. His paintings portrayed sugar workers, cargadores of cane stalks, train operators, machinists and their families.
Indigenous Filipinos. Under the Marcos administration, PANAMIN, or Presidential Assistance on National Minorities, was in charge of protecting the rights of the national minorities. However, in many cases, the commission supported the affairs of business corporations in detriment of the lives of the minorities. In Abra in Northern Luzon, the logging corporation called Cellophil Resources displaced thousands of Tinggians from their ancestral lands. In Mindanao, Del Monte Corporation's Philippine subsidiary displaced 14,000 indigenous Bukidnons with the help of the military and PANAMIN. Artists stood in solidarity with the indigenous peoples by spreading awareness of their issues. Renato Habulan created a Cordillera series, referring to the people's resistance against the Chico Dam project. His Ala-ala kay Makli-ing (Memory of Macli-ing) is a homage to Macli-ing Dulag, the leader of the Kalinga people who led the resistance against the Chico River Dam project. Santiago Bose created a mixed media work entitled Bury My Heart in Chico Dam, sympathetic to the struggle of the Cordilleran peoples. Rey Paz Contreras created a sculpture series entitled Sacred Land, created from aged wood from discarded railroad ties, animal bones and skulls, old tools and weapons and tribal textiles.
See also
Timeline of the Marcos dictatorship
Alice Guillermo
References
Presidency of Ferdinand Marcos
Political art
Farshid Talebi (; born 24 August 1981) is an Iranian retired professional football player.
Club career
He served most his career in Zob Ahan and played six seasons at the club. He was in the List of the candidates for 2010 Asian Player of the Year nominees, and then made it to the final five nominees for the coveted award but award was given to Saša Ognenovski. In 2012, he joined Sepahan with a three years contract but his contract was terminated on 1 July 2013. He moved to Tractor Sazi with a one-year contract.
Club career statistics
Last update: 14 July 2014
Assist Goals
International career
In June 2009, Talebi was invited under Afshin Ghotbi for three matches in 2010 World Cup qualifying, but did not play in any of them.
Honours
Club
Zob Ahan
Asian Champions League
Runner-up (1): 2010
Iran Pro League
Runner-up (2): 2008–09, 2009–10
Hazfi Cup (1): 2008–09
Sepahan
Hazfi Cup (1): 2012–13
Tractor Sazi
Hazfi Cup (1): 2013–14
External links
1981 births
Living people
Iranian footballers
Iran international footballers
Fajr Sepasi players
Sepahan S.C. footballers
Zob Ahan Esfahan F.C. players
Tractor S.C. players
2011 AFC Asian Cup players
People from Shiraz
Association football defenders
People from Qaem Shahr
Sportspeople from Mazandaran province
Gnaeus, also spelled Cnaeus, was a Roman praenomen derived from the Latin naevus, a birthmark. It was a common name borne by many individuals throughout Roman history, including:
Individuals
Gnaeus Acerronius Proculus, a consul of the Roman Empire in 37 AD
Gnaeus Arrius Antoninus (born 31 AD), member of the Arrius family of consular rank
Gnaeus Aufidius Orestes (died 1st-century BC), Roman politician who was elected consul in 71 BC
Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso (disambiguation)
Gnaeus Claudius Severus (consul 167), a Roman senator and philosopher who lived in the Roman Empire during the 2nd century
Gnaeus Cornelius Cinna Magnus (1st-century BC–1st-century AD), son of suffect consul Lucius Cornelius Cinna
Gnaeus Cornelius Dolabella, a consul of the Roman Republic in 81 BC, with Marcus Tullius Decula
Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Asina, a Roman politician involved in the First Punic War
Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Calvus (3rd-century–211 BC), Roman general and statesman
Gnaeus Domitius Afer (died 59), a Roman orator and advocate
Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus (consul 32 BC) (died 31 BC), general of the 1st century BC
Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus (consul 32) (17 BC–40 AD), relative of emperors of the 1st century AD
Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus (disambiguation), other individuals belonging to the Domitii Ahenobarbi
Gnaeus Domitius Corbulo (7–67 AD), general of the 1st century AD
Gnaeus Egnatius (fl. second century BC), builder of Via Egnatia
Gnaeus Gellius (2nd century BC), the author of a history of Rome from the earliest epoch
Gnaeus Julius Agricola (40–93 AD), Gallo-Roman general responsible for much of the Roman conquest of Britain
Gnaeus Julius Verus, Roman general and senator of the mid-2nd century AD, eventually becoming governor of Britain
Gnaeus Lucretius, a Roman moneyer who minted denarii in Rome c. 136 BCE
Gnaeus Mallius Maximus, a Roman politician and general, consul in 105 BC
Gnaeus Manlius, a Roman Praetor who was involved in the Third Servile War with Gnaeus Tremellius Scrofa
Gnaeus Manlius Cincinnatus (died 5th-century BC), first of the patrician gens Manlia to obtain the consulship
Gnaeus Manlius Vulso (consul 189 BC), a Roman consul for the year 189 BC, together with Marcus Fulvius Nobilior
Gnaeus Marcius Coriolanus (fl. 5th century BC), Roman general
Gnaeus Naevius (264–201 BC), Roman epic poet and dramatist of the Old Latin period
Gnaeus Octavius (consul 87 BC) (died 87 BC), Roman senator elected consul of the Roman Republic in 87 BC alongside Lucius Cornelius Cinna
Gnaeus Papirius Aelianus, a governor of Roman Britain between 145 and 147
Gnaeus Papirius Carbo (c. 130–82 BC), three-time consul of ancient Rome
Gnaeus Pompeius (son of Pompey the Great) (75–45 BC), Roman politician and general from the late Republic (1st century BC)
Gnaeus Pompeius Longinus (died AD 105), Legate of the Judaea in the time of Domitian.
Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus, or Pompey the Great, (106–48 BC), military and political leader of the late Roman Republic, consul three times
Gnaeus Pompeius Strabo (135 BC - 87 BC), Roman senator, promagistrate in Sicily, and consul
Gnaeus Pompeius Trogus, 1st-century BC Roman historian of the Celtic tribe of the Vocontii in Gallia Narbonensis
Gnaeus Sentius Saturninus, the name of two Roman senators, father and son
Gnaeus Servilius Caepio (consul 203 BC), a Roman statesman who served as Roman consul in 203 BC
Gnaeus Servilius Geminus (3rd-century–216 BC), Roman consul during the Second Punic War
See also
Gnaeus (praenomen)
Cn (disambiguation)
John Michael Callahan (February 5, 1951 – July 24, 2010) was an American cartoonist, artist, and musician in Portland, Oregon.
Accident and career
Callahan became a quadriplegic in an auto accident as a passenger in 1972.
The accident happened in Callahan's car which was being driven by a man he did not know too well.
Following his accident, he became a cartoonist, drawing by clutching a pen between both hands, having regained partial use of his upper body. His visual artistic style was simple and often rough, although still legible.
Callahan's cartoons dealt with subjects often considered taboo, including disabilities and disease. His black humor may be exemplified by the title of his "quasi-memoir," Will the Real John Callahan Please Stand Up? The subject matter and treatment of his cartoons share something with the work of Charles Addams, Gahan Wilson, and especially Charles Rodrigues, although it is much more aggressive than even the Playboy cartoons by these cartoonists.
From 1983 until his death 27 years later, Callahan's work appeared in the Portland newspaper Willamette Week. The controversial nature of his cartoons occasionally led to boycotts and protests against the paper.
Callahan scoffed at the reactions of critics who labeled his work politically incorrect, while delighting in the positive reactions he received from fans with disabilities. "My only compass for whether I've gone too far is the reaction I get from people in wheelchairs, or with hooks for hands." Callahan said. "Like me, they are fed up with people who presume to speak for the disabled. All the pity and the patronizing. That's what is truly detestable."
Two animated cartoon series have been based on Callahan's cartoons, both produced by the Canada-based Nelvana: Pelswick (on CBC Television) and Quads! (on Teletoon).
Friends said Callahan realized that his cartooning was a form of emotional venting, which led him to pursue a master's degree in counseling at Portland State University. However, his deteriorating health prevented him from finishing his first term.
In 2005, Dutch filmmaker Simone de Vries directed a documentary about Callahan titled Raak me waar ik voelen kan (English: Touch Me Where I Can Feel).
Callahan died on July 24, 2010, following surgery for chronic bed sores. His brother stated the causes of his death were complications of quadriplegia and respiratory problems. He was 59 years old.
A biographical film, Don't Worry, He Won't Get Far on Foot based on Callahan's memoir of the same name, was posthumously released in 2018.
Other careers
Graphic art
Callahan worked on nudes and a portrait project, which was shown in several galleries throughout its progression.
Songwriting
Callahan was also a songwriter. He released a CD, Purple Winos in the Rain, in 2006. He wrote and composed his own lyrics, and sang and played the harmonica and ukulele. The record was released on BoneClone Records and produced by blues musician Terry Robb, who also plays guitar accompaniment on several tracks, with a special cameo appearance by Tom Waits. Callahan personally illustrated the album cover. Posthumously, in 2018, track 14, "Texas When You Go," a duet recording of Callahan and Robb, was included in the film score for Don't Worry, He Won't Get Far on Foot.
The Independent called his songs "beautiful, but dark." He wrote all the music and lyrics himself and was backed up by many notable musicians. A Dutch film crew recorded the studio sessions in which Callahan played a simplified piano version of "Roll Away the Day."
Personal life
John Callahan was adopted as an infant and grew up in The Dalles. His adoptive parents later had five biological children. He attended a Roman Catholic elementary school, St Mary's Academy, and graduated from a public high school. He began drinking at the age of 12. "I used the alcohol to hide the pain of the abuse," Callahan said. After the car accident that caused his spinal cord injury, he went through extensive rehabilitation. At the age of 27, he gave up drinking alcohol. He made his home in Portland, Oregon.
Notes
References
External links
Scene Missing Magazine Interviews John Callahan
Glide Magazine reviews Callahan performance at Edgefield w/My Morning Jacket
1951 births
2010 deaths
American cartoonists
American male singer-songwriters
American harmonica players
American ukulele players
Album-cover and concert-poster artists
American humorists
American memoirists
American adoptees
Artists with disabilities
People with tetraplegia
Artists from Portland, Oregon
Musicians from Portland, Oregon
Writers from Portland, Oregon
American male non-fiction writers
Deaths from respiratory failure
USS Benewah (APB-35) was a barracks ship of the United States Navy, and lead ship of her class. She was notable for her service in World War II, Korean War, and Vietnam War.
Launch
Benewah (APB-35) was laid down on 2 January 1945, by the Boston Navy Yard and launched on 6 May 1945, sponsored by Miss Priscilla Underwood. She was commissioned on 19 March 1946.
Atlantic service
Following outfitting, Benewah remained at Boston serving with the Atlantic Reserve Fleet as a barracks ship for the crews of aircraft carriers going out of commission. That assignment lasted just four months. On 29 July, she herself began deactivation procedures. Benewah was decommissioned on 30 August 1946.
The barracks ship remained in reserve at Boston until February 1947 when she was moved to the St. Johns River waterfront facilities of Naval Auxiliary Air Station Green Cove Springs, Florida. There, she was placed in service, in reserve, to serve as headquarters ship for Subgroup 3 of the Florida Group, Atlantic Reserve Fleet. On 10 October 1951, work began on Benewah in preparation for her return to active service; and she was recommissioned on 9 November 1951 with Lieutenant Commander Clifford E. Baxter in command.
Just after commissioning, the barracks ship entered the Gibbs Shipyard at Jacksonville, Florida for outfitting. From mid-January to mid-February 1952, she conducted shakedown and refresher training out of Norfolk, Virginia. After she concluded training in mid-February, Benewah moved north to her new home port, Newport, Rhode Island. The ship departed Newport on 9 March for her first overseas deployment. For the next nine months, she provided logistics support for mobile construction battalions operations in the European area. The ship returned to Newport on 19 December, and took up operations along the eastern seaboard. In July 1953, Benewah entered the Norfolk Naval Shipyard to be fitted out as a temporary flagship. On 22 August, she departed Norfolk for Naples, Italy, where she served as flagship for the Commander, Fleet Air, Eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean. Late in the summer of 1955, she concluded that assignment and headed back to the United States.
The ship arrived in Norfolk on 11 September, but, later in the month, moved north to New York. On 30 September, Benewah began her second deactivation overhaul at Staten Island, New York, in the yard of the Brewer Dry Dock Company. The barracks ship was decommissioned sometime in December 1955, and was berthed with the Green Cove Springs Group, Atlantic Reserve Fleet. The ship remained inactive until August 1959 when she was placed in service, in reserve. By February 1960, she was at Newport News, Virginia, serving as living quarters for the precommissioning crews of new ships being built by the Newport News Shipbuilding & Drydock Company.
Vietnam War
In July 1966, Benewah entered the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard for conversion and modernization preparatory to her return to active service. She was recommissioned on 28 January 1967, LCDR Gerald Saucier in command.
Following a week of training at the Naval Amphibious Base, Little Creek, Virginia, the ship put to sea for the Far East. After stops at Rodman in the Canal Zone and at Pearl Harbor, Benewah reached South Vietnam on 22 April. Upon arrival, she became flagship for the Commander Task Force (CTF) 117, the Mobile Riverine Force operating in the Mekong Delta. Except for an occasional trip to Japan for repairs, Benewah spent the next 44 months at various locations in the Mekong Delta. In 1967-69, Benewah spent most of its time in the Mekong River near the 9th Infantry Division base at Đồng Tâm or an alternate anchorage near Bến Tre. In addition to serving as headquarters, she provided barracks space, medical facilities, stores issue and a myriad of other services to the sailors and soldiers operating with the Mobile Riverine Force and with the similar formations that succeeded that organization when it was disestablished late in August 1969. The barracks ship frequently suffered enemy fire, and her guns went into action on numerous occasions. In May and early June 1970, Benewah participated in the Cambodian Campaign to support forces interdicting the Viet Cong supply lines running through that country.
Philippines
On 26 November 1970, the ship departed Vietnam and headed for the Philippines. After a visit to Singapore between 28 November and 5 December, she arrived at Subic Bay on 11 December. There, Benewah underwent an inspection by a board of inspection and survey. That board determined that she was unfit for further active naval service. She was decommissioned there on 26 February 1971 and was turned over to the Naval Station, Subic Bay, to serve as station ship. Though decommissioned, Benewah remained on the active list in an in-service status. She was also redesignated a miscellaneous auxiliary, IX-311, two days after her decommissioning on 28 February 1971. She served at Subic Bay until 1 September 1973 on which day her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register. In May 1974, she was transferred to the Republic of the Philippines.
Ship awards
Benewah earned 11 battle stars during the Vietnam War.
References
Benewah-class barracks ships
Benewah County, Idaho
Ships built in Boston
1945 ships
Ships sunk as artificial reefs
Riverine warfare
Vietnam War auxiliary ships of the United States
Atlantic Reserve Fleet, Green Cove Springs Group
Ships transferred from the United States Navy to the Philippine Navy
ABS-CBN News Channel, commonly known as ANC, is a 24/7 Philippine pay television news channel. It was launched in 1996 as the first all-news network in English language. The majority of its programs are produced by ABS-CBN News.
The channel is broadcast on terrestrial television in Guam through Dededo's channel 22. ANC is being broadcast from the ANC studio in ABS-CBN Newsroom, Studio 6 & Studio 7 in ABS-CBN Broadcasting Center in the Philippines. An international feed called ANC Global is also available worldwide as part of TFC premium channels via cable, satellite, iWantTFC and TFC IPTV.
History
The ABS-CBN News Channel was originally established in 1996 as the Sarimanok News Network or SNN. SNN was the brainchild of the late Eugenio Lopez, Jr. who envisioned a 24-hour television network that would become the primary source of news and information for Filipinos. On May 1, 1996, SNN was first offered on Sky Cable. Back then the channel served the viewers through two major news programs, Dateline Philippines and Primetime News, while short news advisories aired throughout the day.
To enhance its resources and strengthen its position as the primary news channel for the Filipinos, SNN in 1998 merged with Sky News, another Lopez-owned cable news channel that specialized in business news. The merger of the two networks paved the way for the formation of the country's first 24-hour news channel offering the latest in local and foreign news, business information, sports, weather updates and lifestyle. On October 11, 1999, the network changed its name to ABS-CBN News Channel or ANC.
In the years that followed, ANC established its name through its coverage of key events in the Philippines including the impeachment trial of Joseph Estrada, the Sipadan hostage crisis, the Oakwood mutiny, and EDSA Dos and Tres. ANC and ABS-CBN was also the first to reveal the Joseph Estrada's "brown envelope" controversy, Corazon Aquino's death, the Maguindanao massacre, and Hubert Webb's acquittal.
On November 4, 2011, ANC together with ABS-CBNnews.com and YouTube brought the YouTube World View event to the Philippines with an exclusive and one-on-one interview with the Philippine President Benigno Aquino III in Malacañang Palace. The questions were submitted and voted by YouTube users from all over the world.
On July 18, 2013, ANC announced a partnership with Yahoo!, which saw the introduction of a Yahoo! portal featuring content from ANC (which will remain separate from the main ABS-CBN News website), and would also allow ANC content to be featured on Yahoo! News Philippines. The partnership marks Yahoo's first partnership with a television news outlet outside of the United States, where Yahoo! has recently established a similar content partnership with ABC News. This joint-venture website was discontinued after it was revealed that Yahoo Philippines was discontinued in June 2015 (and thus redirecting the website to the Singaporean edition of Yahoo including the Malaysian edition) as an initiative to streamline "internal workflows" and currently redirects users to the ABS-CBNnews.com website. Before that partnership with Yahoo, the channel had its own dedicated website, ANCnews.tv until 2013.
In the early part of 2015, ANC has begun using English subtitles for the Tagalog soundbytes on newscasts and public affairs programs from ABS-CBN.
On October 26, 2015, ANC went into a major overhaul in its broadcast design, including the refurbished rhombus logo and the red-blue schemed new title cards for the channel's major newscasts. As part of the relaunch, ANC opened a new studio in 8 Rockwell in Rockwell Center in Makati, aside from their studio and newsroom in Quezon City. The Rockwell studio is used by programs such as Mornings @ ANC, Headstart with Karen Davila and #NoFilter a political program hosted by Teodoro Locsin Jr. and Professor Prospero de Vera of University of the Philippines. ANC also launched the new programming grid for weekdays which include the relaunch of Mornings @ ANC, the sports news program The Daily Serve hosted by Gretchen Ho and business program The Boss hosted by Cathy Yap-Yang.
On March 15, 2016, as part of ANC's 20th anniversary, the channel launched its own HD feed. On May 9, 2016, ANC began a 48-hour extensive coverage of the 2016 Philippine election leading to the poll results.
On May 25, 2016, British billionaire and philanthropist Sir Richard Branson of Virgin Group headlined the first Asian Innovation and Entrepreneurship Forum, an ANC Leadership Series, the main event of the station's 20th anniversary.
On April 1, 2020, DZMM Radyo Patrol 630 and DZMM TeleRadyo has switched to simultaneous telecast with ANC starting at 10:00 p.m.; which evolved from its timesharing with the DZMM since March 19. With this move, DZMM and DZMM TeleRadyo, as well as the provincial regional AM radio station, become English-only (for the first time in history after many years) as a provisional measure. This programming scheme ended on April 20. However, it was retained until May 15 from 11:00 p.m. until 5:00 a.m. It was resumed in 2021 from 10:00 p.m. until 5:30 a.m. of the following day.
From October 31, 2020, the channel aired DZMM TeleRadyo programming instead on late night timeslots due to the coverage of Typhoon Goni (Rolly) and Typhoon Vamco (Ulysses).
COVID-19 pandemic and ABS-CBN shutdown
The production of the ANC's Sunday news programs was halted on March 22, 2020, due to the implementation of enhanced community quarantine to help control the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the Philippines. Furthermore, with the network shutting down operations due to the expiration of its legislative franchise and in compliance with the NTC's cease and desist order, the current status of the newscast remained unknown until it was eventually cancelled & franchise denial last July 10, 2020 citing numerous violations. It was then replaced by provisional programming on the same date. On April 26, 2020, when the timesharing of programming between both DZMM TeleRadyo and ANC ended, the Sunday edition remained off-air. as of November 2020, it airs between Monday to Saturday, with the simulcast broadcast of TV Patrol as the only Sunday newscast of the channel.
Programming
The programming of ANC is focused primarily on news, business, and politics with weather updates, sports news, informative, religious and lifestyle programs as secondary contents. The network also shows documentaries and television specials, as well as select programs from ABS-CBN, ABS-CBN Regional Channel, TeleRadyo and The Filipino Channel. In case of developing stories, sudden breaking news or even important or scheduled live coverage, ANC pre-empts its regularly scheduled programming to give way for the developing news stories and/or coverage as it happens. Regular scheduled programs resume once the coverage of an important event has ended.
Hosts and news anchors
Current
Former
See also
A2Z
ABS-CBN (inactive channel)
Kapamilya Channel
ABS-CBN News and Current Affairs (ABS-CBN's news division)
DZMM TeleRadyo (a 24-hour Filipino-language news channel)
References
External links
24-hour television news channels in the Philippines
Television networks in the Philippines
English-language television stations in the Philippines
Television channels and stations established in 1996
Assets owned by ABS-CBN Corporation
ABS-CBN Corporation channels
James Colquhoun Campbell (1813 – 9 November 1895) was a Scottish-born Welsh Anglican bishop.
Born at Stonefield, Argyllshire, he was the son of James Campbell and his wife Wilhelmina, the daughter of Sir James Colquhoun, 2nd Baronet. Campbell was educated in Chester and then at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1836 and a Master of Arts three years later. In 1859, he received a Doctor of Divinity.
Campbell was Rector of St Nicholas, Cardiff in 1839, then became vicar in Roath in 1840 and was subsequently appointed rector in Merthyr Tydfil in 1844. He was nominated Archdeacon of Llandaff in 1857 and was consecrated 70th Bishop of Bangor in 1859. After more than thirty years in this post, Campbell retired in 1890 and died at Hastings five years later.
In 1840, he married Blanche, the daughter of John Bruce Pryce.
References
1813 births
1895 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Bishops of Bangor
Archdeacons of Llandaff
19th-century Welsh Anglican bishops
Tair Kaminer is an Israeli citizen who in 2016 as a teenager refused to pass the military service, when she went with her parents to a military base for registration.
The event
When Kaminer went with her parents to register for military service, she refused. So she was known as a convict and became a prisoner for 28 days.
She objected to the occupation of Palestine and the town construction, saying, “I'm not going to break... I hope they understand that - I won't break.” She added “I saw the effect of war on children and adults,” she said, describing the injuries caused by rocket attacks from Gaza and the evolving “generations of hate” on both sides.
As the The Independent mentioned, she stated because of her voluntary contributions to children who were injured in the Israel-Gaza conflict, she cannot perform this kind of service at the military, but she agreed to perform an alternative service.
Tair Kaminer was not the only person who refused to pass the military service. Tanya Golan is another 19-year-old girl who refused to pass military service in the Israeli military.
On Sunday, 31 January Tair Kaminer was reverted to training military centre in Tel-Hashomer.
Feed back
According to The Independent, the goal of Tair Kaminer for refusal is the reformation of laws punishing conscientious objectors, but she has been known as a traitor.
The ordered demonstrations have been held out of her prison and the training bases for soldiers by objectors.
The Green Party MP stated to Brighton Pavilion : “With tensions high in Israel, this is a particularly difficult time to be a conscientious objector … (we call) on the Government to request the Israeli authorities to accept the conscientious objection of Israeli citizens who do not wish to bear arms against a civilian population under military occupation.” when this statement was mentioned at the Houses of Parliament, Amnesty International Israel controverted it. Some parties confirmed this statement like Labour, Scottish National Party, the Conservatives and Plaid Cymru for the legal impunity for demurrer of Israeli's military service such as Tair Kaminer.
See also
Israeli–Palestinian conflict
References
External links
The letter of Tair Kaminer, January 2016
Date of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Israeli conscientious objectors
Israeli prisoners and detainees
People from Sderot
Year of birth missing (living people)
Interplay Europe is one of the most important festivals for young playwrights in Europe.
It is organized by Interplay; an international, not-for-profit arts organisation for the furtherance of young playwrights aged 18 to 26. It was founded in Sydney in 1985. Every two years Interplay organises the largest and most prestigious festival of its kind, World Interplay, in Australia.
Every other year a European country hosts Interplay Europe. The first Interplay Europe was held in 1995 in Mainz organized by the playwrights Antje Rávic Strubel and Tobias Rausch and Interplay Europe e.V became official in 1998, which was also in Berlin.
Participants from all over Europe discuss their plays for two inspiring, practical and creative weeks in classes, workshops, forums and events with experienced international tutors. Through workshops and small-scale productions, they have the opportunity to improve their work. Interplay also supports international youth exchange and seeks to contribute to better understanding between nations.
Interplay Festivals are held in order to:
celebrate the creative richness of young playwrights
provide an international meeting place where their work can be discussed, workshopped and performed
provide an international forum for the ideas of young playwrights
offer the general public access to the works of young writers
contribute to regional, national and international cultural development.
Alumni
Many highly respected and international award-winning European playwrights started their career with Interplay. For example: Ivana Sajko and Tena Stivicic from Croatia, Katharina Schlender and Kristo Šagor from Germany, Ali Taylor and Sarah Kane from the UK, Enver Husicic and Esther Gerritsen from the Netherlands, Vera Filo and Anna Haraszti from Hungary, Darja Stocker and Simon Froehling from Switzerland or Ignacio Pajón Leyra and Antonio Rojano from Spain.
Interplay festival 2006.
Date: 18 June-25 June
Town: Schaan
Country: Liechtenstein
DELEGATIONS
Bulgaria: Ana Vaseva
Croatia: Nora Krstulovic (tutor), Maja Sviben
England: Ola Animashawun (tutor), Daniel Stathis Barker, Tinuke Asher Craig, Hannah Dee
Germany: Henning Fangauf (tutor), Kristo Šagor (tutor), Martin Kordic, Frauke Scheffler, Agnes Gerstenberg
Hungary: Judit Cziraki (tutor), Marianna Koncz
Latvia: Inta Bernova (tutor), Gunita Grosa, Eliza Sternberga, Daina Tabuna
Liechtenstein: Patrick Boltshauser (tutor), Peter Beck, Caroline Herfert
Netherlands: Jurrie Kwant (tutor), Hubert Roza (tutor), Enver Husicic, Maaike Johanna Bergstra, Radna Diels, Florian Pieter van Kuijk
Norway: Kim Atle Hansen
Scotland: Alan Wilkins (playwright) (tutor), Rachel Lynn Brody, Lewis Hetherington
Slovakia: Vanda Feriacova (tutor), Diana Kacarova, Pavol Kohut
Slovenia: Dragica Potocnjak (tutor), Sasa Rakef
Spain: Antonio Rojano, Ignacio Pajón Leyra
Switzerland: Miriam Ehlers (tutor), Anna Papst, Laura de Weck
Turkey: Hasan Erkek (tutor), Fatma Kandemir
Interplay festival 2008.
Date: 5 July-13 July
Town: Utrecht
Country: Netherlands
DELEGATIONS
Australia:Lachlan Philpot (tutor), Adam Mitchell (tutor), Anna Barnes
Croatia: Ivor Martinić
Denmark:
Janicke Branth (tutor),
Kristin Auestad Danielsen,
Julie Maj Jacobsen,
Caroline Cecilie Malling Joergensen,
Katrine Hald Troensegaard,
Brian Wind-Hansen,
Thomas Markmann
England:
Phil G. Davies,
Rosa Connor,
Issy McCann
France:
Adeline Picault,
Alban Ketelbuters
Germany:
Henning Fangauf (tutor),
Kristo Sagor (tutor),
Azar Mortazavi-Manesh,
Roman Senkl
Greece:
Chara Bakonikola (tutor),
Paraskevi Pouli,
Marina Danezi
Hungary:
Upor Laszlo (tutor),
Márton Kiss
Iceland:
Thordis Elva Thorvaldsdottir (tutor),
Tyrfingur Tyrfingsson
Latvia:
Lauris Gundars (tutor),
Elvijs Cakans,
Inga Liepa
Netherlands:
Jurrie Kwant (tutor),
Don Duyns (tutor),
Gijsje Kooter (tutor),
Jannemieke Caspers,
Michiel Lieuwma,
Malou De Roy van Zuydewijn,
Babiche Ronday,
Jelmer Soes,
Anna Maria Versloot,
Milou Brockhus,
Esther Duysker,
Timen Jan Veenstra
Poland:
Aneta Wróbel-Wojtyszko (tutor),
Ewa Wikiel,
Sylwia Wojas
Russia:
Benjamin Slivkin (tutor),
Yulia Yakovleva,
Dmitry Egorov
Scotland:
Alan Wilkins (tutor),
Joanne Toner,
Jonathan Whiteside
Spain:
Ignacio Pajón Leyra
Sweden:
Dag Thelander
Switzerland:
Simon Froehling (tutor),
Noo Steffen
Turkey:
Hasan Erkek (tutor),
Cigdem Yildirem,
Huseyin Gucumen
Interplay festival 2012.
Date: 2 July-7 July
Town: Madrid
Country: Spain
DELEGATIONS
Austria:
Holger Schober (tutor),
Kevin Oseanu,
Bulgaria:
Stefan Prohorov
Germany:
Henning Fangauf (tutor),
Fine Riebner,
Claudia Brueggemann
Greece:
Nikolas Marmaras
Hungary:
David Adam
Latvia:
Rasa Bugavituçe,
Edgars Nicklason
Netherlands:
Maud Lazaroms (tutor),
Rineke Roosenboom,
Eva Gouda,
Helena Hoogenkamp
Poland:
Adam Biernacki (tutor),
Paulina Danecka,
Joanna Tyszka
Spain:
Ignacio Pajón Leyra (tutor),
José Cruz (tutor),
Jorge Padín (tutor),
Diana I. Luque (tutor),
Manuel Benito,
José Aurelio Martín,
Nieves Rodríguez,
Sweden:
Anna Berg (tutor),
Johanna Svalbake,
Gunnar Ericcson
Turkey:
Hasan Erkek (tutor),
Cagil Tekten,
Ali Birkan Teke
Host towns
External links and References
World Interplay website
Interplay Europe website
Interplay Europe 2008
Interplay Europe 2014
Interplay Europe 2016
Theatre festivals in Europe
"Get Fresh" is the third single from Kid Sister's debut studio album Ultraviolet. It contains samples from the 2007 song "Lower State Of Consciousness" by ZZT.
Track listing
References
Kid Sister songs
2009 songs
Swimming at the 1991 European Youth Olympic Days was held in Brussels, Belgium.
Medal summary
Events
Boys' events
Girls' events
References
1991 European Youth Olympic Days
1991 in swimming
1991
Dichogama diffusalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1918. It is found in Venezuela and Costa Rica.
The wingspan is about 40 mm. The forewings are silvery grey white, faintly irrorated (sprinkled) with reddish-brown scales. There is a broad antemedial dark shade consisting of black-brown scales. The diffused triangular dark patch from the costa to the lower angle of the cell is also formed by black-brown scales, as is the diffused patch at the middle of the inner margin. The postmedial line is blackish and the termen is tinged with brown towards the apex. The hindwings are silvery white, with a terminal series of black spots.
References
Moths described in 1918
Dichogamini
The South African Union for Progressive Judaism (SAUPJ) is an affiliate of the World Union for Progressive Judaism and supports 11 progressive congregations. The SAUJP estimates that it represents around 6,000 South African Jews and around 10 per cent of the overall Jewish population residing in South Africa. In 2020 a study by the Institute for Jewish Policy Research showed that 12% identified as Progressive and that in relative terms the progressive strands are increasing.
Belief and practice
The denomination shares the basic tenets of Reform Judaism (alternatively known also as Progressive or Liberal) worldwide: a theistic, personal God; an ongoing revelation, under the influence of which all scripture was written – but not dictated by providence – that enables contemporary Jews to reach new religious insights without necessarily being committed to the conventions of the past; regarding the ethical and moral values of Judaism as its true essence, while ritual and practical observance are means to achieve spiritual elation and not an end to themselves – and therefore, rejecting the binding nature of Jewish law; a belief in the coming of a Messianic era rather than a personal Messiah, and in immortality of the soul only, instead of bodily resurrection. Prayers referring to such concepts were omitted from the liturgy, and traditional practices abolished or altered considerably.
Jocelyn Hellig, professor of religious studies and one of the best-known interpreters of South African Judaism, wrote about the community in a seminal paper on Jewish practice published in 1987. Hellig described the Progressive community as conservative in religious practice. This was also given as an explanation for the relatively modest presence of Masorti Judaism in the country (Hellig 1987; Shain 2011). The paper also observed that for practical purposes, progressive Jews prefer to go through Orthodox channels to seek and attain divorce (Hellig 1987). The community has traditionally been pro-Zionist and inspired by the founding Rabbi of Progressive Judaism in South Africa, Rabbi Moses Cyrus Weiler, who made Aliyah (Hellig 1987).
Organisational structure
Progressive Judaism has always been relatively smaller in South Africa compared to its American counterpart. South Africa did not experience a significant wave of Jewish migration from Germany, where Reform Judaism and the Haskalah originate (Hellig 1987). It is true that Anglo-German Jewry established the South African Jewish community and later around 6, 500 German Jewish refugees came to South Africa between 1933 and 1942 (Hellig 2009). However, Gustav Saron argues that as the dominant immigrant group, Lithuanian Jews have shaped the essential character of the community (Shain 2011). South African synagogue affiliation has also tended to be more focused on family association rather than on ideological choices (Hellig 1987). Community growth may have also been stymied by the significance of the non-observant Orthodox, the dominant mode of Jewish religious identification in the country (Hellig 1987; Stier 2004). Therefore, South African Jewish society remains mostly nominally Orthodox.
The Progressive movement in South Africa and the overall South African Jewish population reached its high point in the 1970s with an estimated Jewish population of 120 000 of whom 11 000 identified with the Progressive movement. Today the Jewish population is estimated at between 60 - 70 000 with around 6 000 Progressive Jews. In 2019 the SAUPJ estimates that around 10% of the resident Jewish population identify as Progressive. This may mark a slight proportional increase from a 1998 survey that put the percentage of Progressive Jews at 7% (Shain 2011). However, others estimate that the progressive share of the resident Jewish population was once as high as 20%. Dana Evan Kaplan and Jocelyn Hellig agree upon this figure (Kaplan 2000; Hellig 1987). Milton Shain, one of the most prominent readers of the South African Jewish experience has a more conservative estimate, arguing that during its zenith, Progressive Judaism accounted for a 17% share (Shain 2011).
Kaplan said that challenges for the community have been both emigration and the absence of Progressive Jewish day schools. Kaplan pointed to Australia, which has a similar composition of Jewish society and where the development of such schools has stabilized the progressive community's numbers (Kaplan 2000). However, there are "middle of the road" schools aligned to Orthodoxy such as Yeshiva College of South Africa, King David Schools, Johannesburg and United Herzlia Schools that serve Jewish children of varying practice and commitment (Hellig 1987). Progressive South African Jews are also making use of these day schools overseas. South African children along with their Israeli counterparts form the main immigrant groups of children attending the Akiva School, a Reform-based primary at the Sternberg Centre in London. A 2010 study was commissioned by the Kaplan Centre for Jewish Studies at the University of Cape Town to look at the composition of South African Jewish communities residing in London. In a sample of 314 participants, 16.2% identified as Progressive and 7.3% identified with the other progressive stream of Masorti.
There are 11 progressive congregations, mostly concentrated in South Africa's metropolitan areas; Johannesburg (4), Cape Town (3), Durban (1), Pretoria (1), East London and Port Elizabeth. The most recent congregation is Beit Luria established in 2019 in the Randburg area of Johannesburg. The largest congregation is in Cape Town as the Cape Town Progressive Jewish Congregation (CTPJC) brings together three congregations with a membership of 3, 000. This also makes it the second largest Jewish congregation in the city.
Non-Orthodox conversions to Judaism also take place under the auspices of the SAUPJ. Rabbi Sa'ar Shaked of Beit Emanuel Progressive Synagogue is currently involved in efforts to establish a Rabbinic Academy and Higher Education Institution in Gauteng.
History
The movement was inspired when ethnologist Abraham Zevi Idelsohn visited his family in Johannesburg in September 1929 for his parents' Golden Wedding anniversary. At the time Idelson was a professor at Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion where he gave talks on the nature and principles of Reform Judaism. He urged his brother, Jerry to establish a group for progressive Judaism in Johannesburg. Jerry undertook this task and then joined his brother in Europe where they met several prominent leaders of the Progressive movement such as Lily Montagu. Montagu later sent Liberal Sabbath prayers books to use for services in South Africa.
Jerry then formed a committee in South Africa with Louis Caplan, Dr Louis Freed and Simund Haas. The earlier religious services took place in private homes in 1930. Jerry then popularized the movement by giving public lectures, writing about Progressive Judaism and speaking to the press. In June 1931 the South African Jewish Religious Union for Liberal Judaism was established with Jerry serving as honorary secretary. Then with the aid of Montagu and his brother, Jerry negotiated with Moses Cyrus Weiler, a student at Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion to join the burgeoning movement in South Africa. Weiler arrived in Johannesburg in 1933 after being ordained as a rabbi. A Progressive congregation was then formed with the first service taking place at the Freemasons' Hall. At the end of 1933 the Progressive movement purchased a site in Hillbrow, downtown Johannesburg to build a synagogue. The synagogue, Temple Israel was officially opened in 1936 with Weiler serving as rabbi.
In 1950, The New York Times reported on Weiler's trip to New York where he was speaking at Temple Israel of the City of New York: "It is important that Reform Jewry in the United States take more interest in the welfare of progressive Judaism abroad and embark upon a Reform Jewish Marshall Plan. It should assist the progressive Jewish communities abroad morally and financially"
As in other diaspora communities there have been tensions between the Progressive and Orthodox movements of the country. In 1965 a concordat was signed in Johannesburg between the Chief Rabbis of the two movements agreeing that from "the religious point of view there is an unbridgeable gulf between Orthodoxy and Reform." (Hellig 1987) Progressive leaders have argued that the non-observant Orthodox population observe less than their Progressive counterparts and that they would be more comfortable in the Progressive movement (Hellig 1987).
On 6 August 1983 a limpet mine exploded outside Temple Israel, four hours before State President Marais Viljoen was scheduled to attend a ceremony marking the congregation's 50th anniversary. There were no injuries and the celebration went ahead with Viljoen in attendance. Mahommed Iqbal Shaik of the Dolphin Unit of Umkhonto we Sizwe (MK) later assumed responsibility during the Truth and Reconciliation Commission hearings and he was granted amnesty.
In 1993 there were divisions when Rabbi Ady Asabi declared both the Beit Emanuel Progressive Synagogue and Imanu-Shalom congregations as independent and Masorti synagogues, breaking with the SAUPJ and Progressive Judaism. A court case ensued to retain both of the congregations under the SAUPJ. Beit Emanuel returned to the SAUPJ following an agreement and Shalom became independent and Masorti (Dubb and Shain 1995).
The SAUPJ took the strongest stand of any of the Jewish movements in the country against apartheid. It opposed disinvestment while women in the movement engaged in social work as a form of protest. This includes the Moses Weiler School in Alexandra where for generations the school has been funded and led by women from the Progressive movement, even in opposition to the Bantu Education Act, 1953 (Feld 2014).
References
Bibliography
External links
SAUPJ official website
1931 establishments in South Africa
Jews and Judaism in Johannesburg
Jews and Judaism in South Africa
Jewish organizations
Jewish organizations established in 1931
Progressive Judaism in South Africa
World Union for Progressive Judaism
Jewish South African history
Basic Black may refer to:
Basic Black (TV series), American weekly television series airing on WGBH in Boston
Basic Black (radio program), Canadian radio program on CBC Radio
Basic Black: Tales of Appropriate Fear, collection of horror stories by Terry Dowling
See also
Basic Black 2, a soluble dye
Walpole Town Hall is a historic town hall building at 972 Main Street in Walpole, Massachusetts, USA. The two-story brick building was designed by J. Williams Beal and completed in 1881. The building exhibits Classical Revival with Romanesque elements. Its most prominent feature is its square clock tower, topped by a pyramidal roof. The entrance is recessed at the base of the tower, under a large round-arch opening trimmed in brownstone.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
References
City and town halls on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Government buildings completed in 1881
Buildings and structures in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
Town halls in Massachusetts
Clock towers in Massachusetts
Walpole, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
1881 establishments in Massachusetts
Tawan Khotrsupho (Thai: ตะวัน โคตรสุโพธิ์, born 23 January 2000) is a Thai footballer currently playing as a forward or a winger for Chiangmai.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
BG Pathum United
Thai League 1
Champions (1): 2020–21
References
External links
Tawan Khotrsupho at J.League (in Japanese)
2000 births
Living people
Tawan Khotrsupho
Tawan Khotrsupho
Thai expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
J1 League players
J3 League players
Tawan Khotrsupho
Tawan Khotrsupho
Cerezo Osaka U-23 players
Cerezo Osaka players
Thai expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Milton Richard Simington (August 26, 1918 January 17, 1943) was an American football guard who played two seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Cleveland Rams and Pittsburgh Steelers. He was selected to the NFL All-Star team in 1942.
Playing career
Simington played college football at the University of Arkansas before being selected by the Cleveland Rams in the 1941 NFL Draft. In August 1942, he was traded along with Johnny Binotto by the Rams to the Pittsburgh Steelers in exchange for George Platukis.
Simington was selected for the NFL All-Star team based on his performance during the 1942 NFL season, but he suffered a mild heart attack during practices for the game which ended his playing career. He suffered a second heart attack a few weeks later which proved fatal; he died in Shreveport, Louisiana on January 17, 1943 at the age of 24. At the time of his death he had been planning to enter officer training school.
References
1918 births
1943 deaths
People from McCurtain County, Oklahoma
Players of American football from Oklahoma
American football offensive guards
American football placekickers
Arkansas Razorbacks football players
Cleveland Rams players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
People from Dierks, Arkansas
The Brabham BT5, and its evolution, the Brabham BT8, are sports racing cars manufactured and developed by Brabham in 1963 (BT5) and 1964 (BT8), respectively. It won a total of 4 races, and achieved 10 podium finishes.
Development
After having worked to enter the competitions reserved for Formula One and Formula Junior, Brabham decided to dedicate itself also to the construction of racing cars with covered wheels. The result of this was the creation, in 1963, of the BT5, which was intended for private riders. Two examples were built.
Design
The BT5 employed numerous components derived from open-wheeled cars. The chassis, covered with a fiberglass body, was multi-tubular in a spaceframe configuration, while the suspension was double wishbones in the front section, while in the rear it was double wishbones. The engine that equipped it was a Ford-Cosworth 116E Mk.XII 1.6 twin-shaft engine mated to a four-speed Hewland manual gearbox. The braking system consisted of four disc brakes.
Evolution
To allow it to accommodate larger engines, the BT5 underwent an enlargement in 1964 and was renamed BT8. A 245 hp Coventry Climax FPF engine was used. One example was equipped with a BRM P56 V8 engine.
Racing history
The first vehicle was initially delivered to Ian Walker's team, who deployed it at Snetterton piloted by Frank Gardner and Paul Hawkin. Thanks to them the BT5 obtained the class victory, and this also happened at the Guards Trophy held at Brands Hatch. It was later sold to Peter Sachs who took it to several North American races. The second model was bought instead by the Canadian driver Ed Zeller, who achieved several successes in European competitions.
In 1964, with the introduction of the upgraded BT8 version, Brabham achieved notable results such as the conquest of the 1965 Tourist Trophy by Denny Hulme. Another important result was the conquest of the class victory and the third place overall at the Levant Cup on the Goodwood circuit by Jack Brabham on the BT8 of the US team Rosebud powered by BRM.
References
Sports racing cars
Brabham racing cars
Sports prototypes
The Ritual of Embalming Papyrus or Papyrus of the Embalming Ritual is one of only two extant papyri which detail anything at all about the practices of mummification used within the burial practices of Ancient Egyptian culture.
One version of the papyri is held in the Egyptian Museum, Cairo (Pap. Boulaq No.3) and the other is in the Louvre (No. 5158).
The papyri
The papyrus in Cairo was discovered in 1857, within a tomb in Thebes. It represents the last ten pages of a work of which all other pages are lost; of these, eight were in a good condition.
The Louvre papyrus gives the same information as is found on the last two pages of the Cairo document.
Both are copies made in hieratic script, with Demotic notation, during the Roman period, and were copied from a single earlier text.
The papyri probably date to the 1st century AD and contain specifically information on eleven acts of anointing of the body, the wrapping and placing of internal organs, which had been treated, inside canopic jars, and the act of performing the bandaging of the embalmed corpse to create a mummy.
The ritual
The act of mummification described was to be done while prayers and incantations were performed ritualistically.
Persons necessarily present and participating within a performance of the ritual were a master of secrets or stolist (both refer to the same person), a lector, and a divine chancellor or seal-bearer (hetemu-netjer). Of the persons present, the individual who was the hery-sheshta fulfilled the most important and superior position, the hetemu-netjer was next in importance, then the wetiu, who were to wrap the embalmed corpse in material.
The text proceeds in the direction of the embalming the head, toward the feet.
The head was to be wrapped firstly in linen, of this first linen, the embalmer was to obtain the linen from Sais, with a second layer added afterwards.
See also
Ancient Egyptian funerary practices
References
1st-century texts
1857 archaeological discoveries
Archaeological discoveries in Egypt
Egyptian papyri
Ancient Egyptian funerary practices
"Trouble" is a song by American indie rock band American Authors. The song was written by band members Zachary Barnett, David Rublin, Matthew Sanchez and James Shelley with producers Aaron Accetta and Shep Goodman and originally recorded for the band's debut studio album Oh, What a Life, appearing as the fifth track on the album. The track was released by Mercury Records and Island Records as a promotional single on February 18, 2014.
Composition
"Trouble" has been described as a folk rock song, borrowing musical elements from Mumford & Sons, The Lumineers and Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros. Driven by the banjo as the lead instrument in the song, the track makes use of the voices of all four band members to create a crowd-like cheer that is used in the song's chorus and latter verses, an effect similar to the one used in "Best Day of My Life".
Reception
While most critics compared the song to "Best Day of My Life", the song was well received nevertheless by critics. Justin Stanford of music website Indie Trendsetters wrote that "It isn't massive like "Best Day of My Life" but it is nice and low key, a little more intimate and personal. No doubt it is a buildup to something huge in their new album". Anna Murphy of music website Earmilk also wrote positively of the song, stating "this song will be a hit. Enjoy it in its first fresh week before it's making the rounds on syndicated airwaves & your little sister's surround sound".
The line "I knew she was trouble from the first kiss" indirectly refers to Taylor Swift's 2012 smash hit "I Knew You Were Trouble".
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from Oh, What a Life liner notes.
American Authors
Zac Barnett – lead vocals, guitar
James Adam Shelley – lead guitar, banjo
Dave Rublin – bass
Matt Sanchez – drums
Technical personnel
Aaron Accetta – production
Michael Goodman – production
Charts
Release history
References
2014 songs
2014 singles
Island Records singles
Mercury Records singles
American Authors songs
Songs written by Shep Goodman
Songs written by Aaron Accetta
Song recordings produced by Aaron Accetta
Maybe There's No Heaven is the fourth studio album by Australian pop punk band Short Stack, released through UNFD on 8 April 2022. The album was announced on 1 December 2021 and scheduled for released on 25 February 2022 but on 9 February, the band delayed the release until 8 April 2022 citing "a desire to tie its launch in to their forthcoming national tour" in a press conference.
According to the band, Maybe There's No Heaven is their most authentic. In December 2021, frontman Shaun Diviney said, "There was a tension between the band that we wanted to be and the band that other people around us wanted to be". Drummer Bradie Webb added the album "isn't in any way what someone else told us we should be. [We] finally have our hands on the steering wheel."
Reception
Rock 'n' Load Mag said "The Aussie punk-rock trio are back with a-10 track banger that will make their dedicated fan base very happy indeed" calling the album, "possibly their finest work to date."
Tamara May from Wall of Sound wrote: "Their first release in over a decade, Maybe There's No Heaven celebrates everything we love about Short Stack and under a heavy music label like UNFD for the first time, it's an album that the boys feel more in control of." May concluded the review saying "Maybe There's No Heaven manages to fit everything we've heard from the trio, plus a few experimental surprises inbetween that are bound to keep the fans by their side. This album sees the boys joining the rest of the world in the emo-pop revolution and presents the band's truest form yet. These songs will no doubt encourage even more pop punk listeners on the Stack train."
Track listing
Charts
References
2022 albums
Short Stack albums
UNFD albums
Blackwater is an unincorporated community in Lee County, Virginia, United States, along Virginia State Route 70 southeast of Jonesville. Its ZIP code is 24221.
History
A post office was established as Black Water in 1874. The community was named from Blackwater Creek.
References
Unincorporated communities in Lee County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
The Killer (released in the United States as Sacred Knives of Vengeance) is a 1972 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Chor Yuen.
Release
The film was released in Hong Kong on August 1, 1972.
Reception
From contemporary reviews, Tom Milne of the Monthly Film Bulletin reviewed a dubbed version of the film. Milne found the film to be a "rather tired offering form the Hong Kong conveyor-belt" while noting the film begins well enough with the hero "arriving in town to confound one and all with his dazzling display of town-taming karate chops and kangaroo hops. It also ends swell with the las-minute intervention of a genuine Japanese samurai, heralded by a mysterious sound in an apparently empty house as something falls, and one by one the panels of a screen topple over to reveal him in full regalia, ready to challenge the heroes to the only fight in the film staged with any style or imagination." Milne concluded that the film "gets bogged down in endless, drearily identical fights and a plot which labours through its triangular complex of love and friendship."
References
External links
English trailer
1972 films
1972 martial arts films
Shaw Brothers Studio films
1970s action films
Hong Kong action films
Hong Kong martial arts films
Kung fu films
Films directed by Chor Yuen
1970s Mandarin-language films
1970s Hong Kong films
The United Kingdom participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song "I Can" written by Duncan James, Lee Ryan, Ciaron Bell, Ben Collier, Ian Hope, Liam Keenan and StarSign. The song was performed by the band Blue, which was internally selected by the British broadcaster BBC to represent the United Kingdom at the 2011 contest in Düsseldorf, Germany. Blue was announced as the British entrant on 29 January 2011, while the song "I Can" was presented to the public on 11 March 2011.
As a member of the "Big Five", the United Kingdom automatically qualified to compete in the final of the Eurovision Song Contest. Performing in position 14, the United Kingdom placed 11th out of the 25 participating countries with 100 points.
Background
Prior to the 2011 contest, the United Kingdom has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest fifty-three times. Thus far, the United Kingdom has won the contest five times: in 1967 with the song "Puppet on a String" performed by Sandie Shaw, in 1969 with the song "Boom Bang-a-Bang" performed by Lulu, in 1976 with the song "Save Your Kisses for Me" performed by Brotherhood of Man, in 1981 with the song "Making Your Mind Up" performed by Bucks Fizz and in 1997 with the song "Love Shine a Light" performed by Katrina and the Waves. To this point, the nation is noted for having finished as the runner-up in a record fifteen contests. Up to and including 1998, the UK had only twice finished outside the top 10, in 1978 and 1987. Since 1999, the year in which the rule was abandoned that songs must be performed in one of the official languages of the country participating, the UK has had less success, thus far only finishing within the top ten twice: in 2002 with the song "Come Back" performed by Jessica Garlick and in 2009 with the song "It's My Time" performed by Jade Ewen. For the 2010 contest, the United Kingdom finished in twenty-fifth place (last) out of twenty-five competing entries with the song "That Sounds Good to Me" performed by Josh Dubovie.
The British national broadcaster, BBC, broadcasts the event within the United Kingdom and organises the selection process for the nation's entry. BBC announced that the United Kingdom would participate in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 on 20 December 2011. BBC has traditionally organised a national final featuring a competition among several artists and songs to choose the British entry for Eurovision. For their 2011 entry, BBC announced that they would opt to internally select the British entry due to poor results and decreasing public interest after a record low viewing figures had been achieved for the 2010 contest. This marked the first time that an internal selection would take place to select United Kingdom's entry since their first entry in 1957.
Before Eurovision
Internal selection
On 29 January 2011, the band Blue was revealed as the British entrant for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011. Among the band members were Antony Costa who previously attempted to represent the United Kingdom at the 2006 Eurovision Song Contest, placing second in the national final Eurovision: Making Your Mind Up with the song "It's a Beautiful Thing", and Duncan James who had previously been the British spokesperson at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, revealing the results of the British vote. Prior to the announcement of Blue as the British representative, artists that were rumoured in the media included singers Charlotte Church, Katherine Jenkins and Pixie Lott, the duo Hurts, actress Margi Clarke and Big Brother 2004 winner Nadia Almada, while singer-songwriter Mika was reported in July 2010 to be in talks with the BBC to write the British entry.
On 10 March 2011, the song "I Can" written by band members Duncan James, Lee Ryan together with Ciaron Bell, Ben Collier, Ian Hope, Liam Keenan and StarSign was previewed and presented during a press conference, and was presented to the public on 11 March 2011 during the BBC One programme The Graham Norton Show, hosted by Graham Norton.
Criticism
BBC's selection of Blue as the British representatives for the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest received criticism from British media, with The Independent referring the band as a "nineties boy band" and Neil McCormick of The Daily Telegraph describing the internal selection as "boardroom meetings and internal discussions involving unspecified members of the BBC hierarchy, imposing both a band and a song on the British public" and "high handed Auntie-knows-best arrogance" from "out-of-touch bureaucrats". Blue's former manager Daniel Glatman and the duo Hurts, who were previously rumoured to be in talks with the BBC, were also critical of the broadcaster's selection of the band, with the latter revealing that they had submitted a song to the Russian broadcaster Channel One Russia (C1R) instead. Blue subsequently defended their Eurovision participation, pledging the public to wait until the song release as well as stating that representing their country in the contest would serve as an international springboard for the band.
Criticism was also received regarding Blue's contest entry, including television presenter Phillip Schofield who labelled the song as "shocking" but was later responded in defense of the band by actress and Loose Women panellist Denise Welch. The band also responded to Schofield by calling his comments "upsetting" and "hurtful", as well as accusing him of seeking publicity from being overshadowed by Jason Gardiner on Dancing on Ice. In late April 2011, band member Simon Webbe expressed his dissatisfaction with the lack of domestic support for "I Can" with few radio stations, including BBC radio stations, play-listing the song. BBC spokesman later stated that their entry would be considered later on merit.
Preparation
The first version of the official music video of "I Can", filmed on top of a building in London, was released on 12 March 2011 in order to promote the special BBC One documentary Your Country Needs Blue. The official version of the music video was released by the BBC on 14 April 2011.
Promotion
Blue made several appearances across Europe to specifically promote "I Can" as the British Eurovision entry. On 12 February, Blue performed during the final of the Maltese Eurovision national final. On 18 February, Blue performed during the final of the Spanish Eurovision national final. On 26 March, Blue performed "I Can" in Italy during the Top of the Pops Italy. On 9 April, Blue performed during the Eurovision in Concert event which was held at the Club Air venue in Amsterdam, Netherlands and hosted by Cornald Maas, Esther Hart and Sascha Korf. On 22 April, Blue performed in Ireland during The Late Late Show on RTÉ One. On 24 April, Blue performed at a concert held at the Independence Square in Kyiv, Ukraine, as well as during Tantsi z zirkamy, the Ukrainian version of Dancing with the Stars on commercial broadcaster STB. The band also took part in promotional activities in Azerbaijan.
In addition to their international appearances, on 16 April, Blue were featured on the documentary Your Country Needs Blue, which covered the preparations of the band and featured advice from singers Robbie Williams, JLS, John Barrowman, Robin Gibb of the Bee Gees, composer David Arnold, choreographer Arlene Phillips, and former British representatives Cliff Richard and Lulu. On 17 March, Blue appeared during the BBC Red Nose Day telethon in order to raise money for the appeal. The band also appeared nude in British gay monthly magazine Attitude as part of their naked issue in April, taking the cover spot as well as a feature article in the magazine. On 29 April, Blue performed during the ITV programme Paul O'Grady Live and on 30 April during the dance competition So You Think You Can Dance. Blue completed promotional activities where they performed during the ITV chat show Loose Women and the BBC children's show Blue Peter on 3 May.
At Eurovision
According to Eurovision rules, all nations with the exceptions of the host country and the "Big Five" (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom) are required to compete in one of two semi-finals, and qualify in order to participate in the final; the top ten countries from each semi-final progress to the final. As a member of the "Big 5", the United Kingdom automatically qualified to compete in the final on 14 May 2011. In addition to their participation in the final, the United Kingdom is also required to broadcast and vote in one of the two semi-finals. During the semi-final allocation draw on 17 January 2011, the United Kingdom was assigned to broadcast and vote in the first semi-final on 10 May 2011.
In the United Kingdom, the semi-finals were broadcast on BBC Three and BBC HD with commentary by Scott Mills and Sara Cox. The final was televised on BBC One and BBC One HD with commentary by Graham Norton and broadcast on BBC Radio 2 with commentary by Ken Bruce. The British spokesperson, who announced the British votes during the final, was Alex Jones.
Final
Blue took part in technical rehearsals on 7 and 8 May, followed by dress rehearsals on 13 and 14 May. This included the jury final on 13 May where the professional juries of each country watched and voted on the competing entries. During the running order draw on 15 March which determined the running order of the British entry in the final, United Kingdom was drawn to perform in position 14, following the entry from Switzerland and before the entry from Moldova. On the day of the final, the United Kingdom was considered by bookmakers to be the fourth most likely country to win the competition.
The British performance featured the members of Blue, dressed in blue outfits, performing a choreographed dance routine on a predominately blue and green coloured stage which featured four small LED screens displaying images of the band members, the letters "I CAN" as well as other images such as rain and green lightning. The band was joined by two male backing vocalists, Bryan Chambers and Daniel Thomas, dressed in black outfits. The main LED screens displayed abstract images in shades of green that alternate during the performance, which also featured pyrotechnic effects. The United Kingdom placed eleventh in the final, scoring 100 points.
Voting
Voting during the three shows involved each country awarding points from 1–8, 10 and 12 as determined by a combination of 50% national jury and 50% televoting. Each nation's jury consisted of five music industry professionals who are citizens of the country they represent. This jury judged each entry based on: vocal capacity; the stage performance; the song's composition and originality; and the overall impression by the act. In addition, no member of a national jury was permitted to be related in any way to any of the competing acts in such a way that they cannot vote impartially and independently.
Following the release of the full split voting by the EBU after the conclusion of the competition, it was revealed that the United Kingdom had placed fifth with the public televote and twenty-second with the jury vote. In the public vote, the United Kingdom scored 166 points and in the jury vote the nation scored 57 points.
Below is a breakdown of points awarded to the United Kingdom and awarded by the United Kingdom in the first semi-final and grand final of the contest. The nation awarded its 12 points to Lithuania in the semi-final and to Ireland in the final of the contest.
Points awarded to the United Kingdom
Points awarded by the United Kingdom
After Eurovision
The final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 was watched by an average of 9.54 million viewers in the United Kingdom with a market share of 40.4%, more than double the previous year and making it the most watched Eurovision Song Contest final since 1999. After the contest, "I Can" entered the top ten iTunes download charts in several European countries.
References
External links
BBC's official Eurovision website
2011
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011
Eurovision
Eurovision
Blue (English band)
Chile is a country in South America.
Chile may also refer to:
Food
Chile pepper, the spicy fruit of plants in the genus Capsicum
Chile con queso, a dip and/or sauce made of melted cheese with roasted, chopped green chiles
Chile powder
Chile relleno, a battered, fried, cheese-stuffed green chile pepper
Chile sauce
New Mexico chile, a cultivar group of Capsicum annuum
Taxonomy of peoples and animals
Dingling, also known as Chile, an ancient Siberian people
Tiele people, a collection of mostly Turkic tribes, associated by the Chinese with the Dingling
Chile (brachiopod), a brachiopod genus
See also
Chiles (disambiguation)
Chili (disambiguation)
Chilly (disambiguation)
Summer Jam may refer to:
Summer Jam (festival), an annual hip-hop fest held in East Rutherford, New Jersey
Summer Jam at Watkins Glen, a 1973 rock festival
Summer Jam (The Underdog Project song)
Summer Jam (R.I.O. song)
Twin Cities Summer Jam
See also
Summerjam, a European reggae festival
In the United States legal terminology Dead time is time spent institutionalized by a defendant that does not count as credit toward the defendant's sentence. An example would be time spent confined in a mental hospital while the defendant is being restored to competency to stand trial. Halfway house time pending sentencing can also sometimes be dead time.
In the United States, federal law provides that a defendant shall be given credit toward the service of a term of imprisonment for any time he has spent in official detention prior to the date the sentence commences (1) as a result of the offense for which the sentence was imposed; or (2) as a result of any other charge for which the defendant was arrested after the commission of the offense for which the sentence was imposed; that has not been credited against another sentence.
References
Imprisonment and detention in the United States
The Mubarek zone (, ) was a failed proposal by the government of the Soviet Union promoted by the KGB throughout the 1970s and 80's to push exiled Crimean Tatars (referred to as "people of Tatar nationality that formerly lived in Crimea" by the government) scattered throughout the Ferghana valley to move to the mostly unindustrialized Mubarek district of the Qashqadaryo Region with the goal of having them help industrialize the area, "take root" in Uzbekistan to put to rest desires to return to Crimea, and compose a new Tatar district in lieu of the Crimean Tatar community's long-sought goal of full right of return to Crimea and restoration of the Crimean ASSR. Few Crimean Tatars supported it or ever moved to the proposed district, seeing it as a plan to further assimilate them in Uzbekistan, turn them into "Mubarek Tatars", keep them out of Crimea, prevent restoration of the Crimean ASSR, and artificially recreate the "promised land" so far away. It was eventually scrapped when it became clear that few Crimean Tatars were moving to Mubarek and held strong desires to return to Crimea despite strong encouragement to "take root" in Central Asia, which promoters of the project described as their "ancestral home" to push the project and downplay Crimean Tatar ties to Crimea. Previously, the Central Committee attempted to "solve" the "Crimean Tatar problem" by suggesting that exiled Crimean Tatars move to the Tatar ASSR and "reunite" with Kazan Tatars, despite the huge linguistic differences and starkly different origins between the two nations bearing a coincidental name, and as expected no Crimean Tatars ever "returned" to Tatarstan at the suggestion.
See also
Paraguay plan
Bhasan Char
References
Qashqadaryo Region
Politics of the Crimean Tatars
Racism in the Soviet Union
Settlement schemes
Tolani Lake (, meaning "Water Collecting in a Basin") is a census-designated place in the eastern portion of Coconino County, Arizona, United States, near the Navajo County border. Tolani Lake is located north of Winslow. The population as of the 2010 U.S. Census was 280.
Demographics
Economy
Commuters go to Leupp, Winslow, and Flagstaff for employment. The community services coordinator of the Tolani Lake Chapter, Valerie Kelly, stated in 2014 that "Employment is very limited."
Education
Residents are within the Flagstaff Unified School District. Residents attend Leupp Elementary School. For secondary grades residents are zoned to Mount Elden Middle School and Flagstaff High School.
There was previously Tolani Lake Elementary School. Teacher housing was being built for it, but was never used due to the school's 2006 closure. The Arizona Republic referred to the teacher housing as a white elephant project. Vandals later attacked the buildings. The housing was in a dome shape, described by Cindy Yurth of the Navajo Times as being "futuristic-looking".
See also
List of census-designated places in Arizona
References
External links
Census-designated places in Coconino County, Arizona
Census-designated places in Arizona
Aspioti-ELKA () was one of the largest publishing and printing enterprises of Greece. Founded in 1873 in Corfu by Gerasimos Aspiotis as a factory manufacturing playing cards under the name Elpis it eventually merged with the Etairia Lithographias kai Kytiopoieias Athenon (ELKA) and finally became Aspioti-ELKA.
In business for over a century, Aspioti-ELKA was the oldest company of its kind in Greece when it folded in 1997. During the post-WWII period Aspioti-ELKA was one of the largest employers in the printing and publishing business in Greece up to 1985. In 1992 the company was sold by the National Bank of Greece to Jean Jacques Lesueur and in October 1997 it was declared bankrupt.
History
In 1873, Gerasimos Aspiotis founded a playing-card factory in Corfu under the name Elpis (Hope). In 1884, Aspiotis secured a contract with the government of Charilaos Trikoupis as the sole manufacturer of playing cards for Greece. The cards were designed by Gerasimos Aspiotis' father Nikolaos Aspiotis who was a painter.
In 1902 Konstantinos Aspiotis, son of Gerasimos, became the director of the company. Under the directorship of Konstaninos Aspiotis the company product line expanded to include the printing of bonds, shares, advertisements, tickets and other similar products.
After the Balkan Wars and the subsequent expansion of Greek lands, the company increased its market share in an expanded internal market. Sales of its popular playing cards increased significantly and so did the company profits.
In 1935 Liakos Iliopoulos became the director of the company and presided over further expansion which lasted until 1940.
On 28 October 1940, the starting date of the Greco-Italian War, the Italian Air force bombed and destroyed the Aspioti-ELKA factory in Corfu. On that same day the Greek Government, after a lengthy delay of many months, granted Aspioti-ELKA permission to move its machinery and equipment from the Corfu factory to its Athens plant. The machinery moving permit came one day too late as the plant including the machinery now laid in ruins.
The National Bank of Greece keeps a large collection of the company material assets which were manufactured or acquired throughout its history. The bank collection includes stamps, banknotes, advertisements, architectural drawings, financial and statistical tables, an extensive collection of old machinery and other items.
References
Gallery
The following images are a small sample of postcards printed in three colour lithography by Aspiotis in Corfu, Greece.
Playing card manufacturers
Publishing companies of Greece
Greek brands
History of Corfu (city)
Companies established in 1873
Companies disestablished in 1997
Companies based in Corfu
Postcard publishers
WTJY (89.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Southern Gospel format. Licensed to Asheboro, North Carolina, United States. The station is currently owned by Positive Alternative Radio, Inc. and features programming from Salem Communications.
References
External links
TJY
Southern Gospel radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1999
1999 establishments in North Carolina
TJY
The Joseph Keck House, is a historic building located in Washington, Iowa, United States. Joseph Keck was a native of Pennsylvania who was trained as a carpenter and eventually became a banker. He married Elizabeth Jackson in 1844. Her family owned the property the house was built on. The Kecks lived in a small house that had been built here previously. Once he received the title to the land in 1855, Keck had this house built sometime in the mid to late 1850s. The two-story brick house is a well preserved, example of French mansard residential architecture. Other architectural styles represented in the house include the Gothic balustrade and vergeboard, the Greek Revival acroterion and finial, and the Italianate porch arcade. The house was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. In 2018 it was included as a contributing property in the West Side Residential Historic District.
References
Houses in Washington County, Iowa
Washington, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Washington County, Iowa
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Iowa
The French Château de Chaumont-la-Guiche [or -Laguiche], located in Saint-Bonnet-de-Joux (Saône-et-Loire), in a region formerly known as Charolais in southern Burgundy, was constructed beginning in 1500 for the . The most famous feature of the château is the monumental 17th-century stable block, designed by the noted French architect, François Blondel.
Description
The northwest facade of the corps de logis has tall mullion and transom windows. An openwork stone balustrade runs along the base of the steeply pitched roof, which is pierced with dormers opening into the attic. At the right end is a large square pavilion, which rises an additional storey; toward the left end, a taller octagonal turret encloses a staircase. Each has a separate, steeply pitched roof.
The southeast facade is framed by two towers: a square pavilion to the right and a large round medieval tower to the left (the Tour d'Amboise). Both towers and the corps de logis are surmounted by protruding crenellated parapets, supported by ranges of corbels. The steep roof of the corps de logis has six dormers of a markedly different design than those found on the northwest side. The square tower is also topped by its own steeply pitched roof.
Architectural history
The oldest part of the current château, the western portion of the southeast facade, was constructed between 1500 and 1514, during the reign of Louis XII of France, for Pierre de La Guiche, the king's ambassador to Rome and, by marriage, a nephew of Jacques d'Amboise. The Tour d'Amboise was constructed in 1505. Pierre de La Guiche named his château after the Château de Chaumont-sur-Loire (owned by the House of Amboise) and built it in the style of the châteaux of the Loire Valley.
Construction was continued in 1584 by his son, Philibert de La Guiche, governor of Lyonnais and grand maître de l'artillerie from 1578 to 1596. In the 17th century the château was completed by the addition of two wings perpendicular to the corps de logis with pavilions at the far ends, forming an interior courtyard opening to the north. These were pulled down in 1805. Neo-gothic elements, including the octagonal stair turret on the northwest facade and the square pavilion at the east end of the southeast facade, were added to the château in 1850.
The stables
The most notable feature at the château is the famous stable block, a vast rectangular building with two monumental stone-balustraded exterior double staircases flanking the main entrance. The latter is surmounted by a life-sized equestrian statue of Philibert de La Guiche, "an imperial motif unprecedented in a building of this sort." The identity of the horseman is suggested by reliefs of two cannons above the pediment. Two large, very tall stone chimneys loom over the extremities of the building. The cross-vaulted ground floor is divided into three aisles by 56 Tuscan columns in two parallel arcades. The outer two aisles contain stalls for more than 80 horses.
The stables were erected from 1648 to 1652 by the local mason and entrepreneur François Martel, who is often credited with the design, but François Blondel claimed it as his own in a note in his 1685 edition of Louis Savot's L'architecture françoise. Henriette de La Guiche, the daughter of Philibert, built the stables for her second husband, , colonel général of the king's cavalry, governor of Provence, and a grandson of Charles IX of France. Alais had also inherited the Château d'Écouen. These royal connections account for the monumentality of the design. Alais probably knew Blondel via the military. Alais could not have used the stables much. He died in the year after its completion.
The stables have been classified as a Monument historique since 1982 by the French Ministry of Culture.
Notes
Bibliography
Babelon, Jean-Pierre (1989). Châteaux de France au siècle de la Renaissance. Paris: Flammarion/Picard. .
Ganay, Ernest de (1953). Châteaux de France: Normandie et régions nord et est. Éditions Tels.
Gerbino, Anthony (2010). François Blondel: Architecture, Erudition, and the Scientific Revolution. London and New York: Routledge. .
Hautecoeur, Louis (1948). Histoire de l'architecture classique en France. Tome II, Le règne de Louis XIV. Paris: A. et J. Picard. .
Herrmann, Wolfgang (1982). "Blondel, François", vol. 1, pp. 216–219, in Macmillan Encyclopedia of Architects, 4 volumes, edited by Adolf K. Placzek. New York: The Free Press. .
External links
Photos and history (in French) of the Château de Chaumont la Guiche at Châteaux de France
Photos of Philibert de La Guiche's equestrian statue at Charolles Info
. Originally at ralphlauren.com
Châteaux in Saône-et-Loire
Stables
Monuments historiques of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
fr:Écuries du château de Chaumont
Mandewa is an administrative ward in the Singida Urban district of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 19,676 people in the ward, from 17,932 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
The Diocese of Amos (, ) is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church that covers part of the Province of Quebec. The diocese was erected by Pope Pius XI on December 3, 1938. Joseph-Aldée Desmarais was named its first bishop on June 20, 1939 by Pope Pius XII. It has a total area of and a total population of 115,000.
The diocese has been headed by Gilles Lemay, formerly an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Quebec, since his installation on April 15, 2011. He replaced the retiring bishop, Eugène Tremblay, who had reached the mandatory retirement age for bishops of 75. The Diocese of Amos is a suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the metropolitan Archdiocese of Gatineau.
The diocese has 35 priests, 47 Religious Sisters, and 91,600 Catholics (2012).
Bishops
Diocesan bishops
The following is a list of the Bishops of Amos and their terms of service:
Joseph-Aldée Desmarais (1939-1968)
Albert Sanschagrin (auxiliary bishop, 1957-1967)
Gaston Hains (coadjutor, 1967-1968) (1968-1978)
Gérard Drainville (1978-2004)
Eugène Tremblay (2004-2011)
Gilles Lemay (2011–present)
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
Roger Ébacher, appointed Bishop of Hauterive, Québec in 1979
Marc Ouellet, appointed titular archbishop in 2001; later Cardinal Archbishop of Quebec
References
External links
Roman Catholic Diocese of Amos
Amos
Catholic Church in Quebec
Amos, Quebec
Christian organizations established in 1938
The U.S. state of Washington has several emergency operations centers (EOCs).
Federal
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Region X Regional Response Coordination Center, Bothell (underground)
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Emergency Operations Center, Seattle District
U.S. Department of Energy Hanford Emergency Operations Center, Hanford Nuclear Reservation
State
Washington State Emergency Operations Center, Camp Murray, Lakewood
County
Benton County EOC, Richland
Franklin County EOC, Port of Pasco
Grays Harbor County Emergency Coordination Center, Montesano
King County EOC, Renton
Pacific County EOC, South Bend
Snohomish County EOC, Everett
Spokane Emergency Coordination Center, Spokane
Tacoma-Pierce County EOC, Tacoma
Walla Walla EOC, Walla Walla
Local
City of Kirkland Emergency Operations Center, basement of City Hall
City of Seattle Emergency Operations Center, co-located with Fire Station 10, 5th Avenue, Seattle
Other
University of Washington EOC, UW Tower, Seattle
Footnotes
References
External links
Emergency management in Washington (state)
The players auction for the 2013 Bangladesh Premier League was held on December 20, 2012 at the Radisson Blu Water Garden Hotel, Dhaka. Domestic players were set a base price between $10,000 and $50,000, while international players were set a base price between $15,000 and $75,000.No Indian players included in 2013 BPL edition.
Player list
Domestic players
Domestic players within the top three categories for the auction are listed below:
Golden ($50,000):
Tamim Iqbal
Shakib Al Hasan
Mahmudullah
Mushfiqur Rahim
Category A ($30,000):
Mohammad Ashraful
Anamul Haque
Nasir Hossain
Shohag Gazi
Ziaur Rahman
Mashrafe Mortaza
Abdur Razzak
Category B ($20,000):
Nazim Uddin
Jahurul Islam
Shahriar Nafees
Zunaied Siddique
Imrul Kayes
Mominul Haque
Alok Kapali
Farhad Reza
Naeem Islam
Shahadat Hossain
Rubel Hossain
Shafiul Islam
Abul Hasan
Nazmul Hossain
Elias Sunny
Arafat Sunny
Mosharraf Hossain
Enamul Haque Jr
International players
International players in of the two top categories for the auction are listed below. Players with a strike through their name were withdrawn on the day of the auction. Yasir Arafat, Ryan ten Doeschate and Peter Trego were added to Category A on auction day.
Golden ($75,000):
Shahid Afridi
Saeed Ajmal
Imran Nazir
Luke Wright
Owais Shah
Dimitri Mascarenhas
Tino Best
Sunil Narine
Dwayne Bravo
Marlon Samuels
Andre Russell
Fidel Edwards
Alfonso Thomas
Shaun Tait
Dirk Nannes
Brad Hodge
Category A ($50,000):
Umar Gul
Abdul Razzaq
Wahab Riaz
Mohammad Sami
Kamran Akmal
Umar Akmal
Azhar Mahmood
Ravi Bopara
Phil Mustard
Dwayne Smith
Shivnarine Chanderpaul
Yasir Arafat
Ryan ten Doeschate
Peter Trego
Sold players
Unsold players
The following is a list of players who remained unsold in the auction.
Aaron O'Brien
Cameron Borgas
Dirk Nannes
Lee Carseldine
Abdul Majid
Abu Jayed
Abu Haider
Abul Bashar
Amit Kumar
Amit Majumder
Arafat Salahuddin
Ariful Haque
Arman Badsha
Arman Hossain
Asif Ahmed
Avishek Mitra
Bishawnath Halder
Delwar Hossain
Dewan Sabbir
Ezaz Ahmed
Faisal Hossain
Fariduddin Masud
Fazle Rabbi
Kamrul Islam Rabbi
Kazi Kamrul Islam
Mahbubul Karim
Mahmudul Hasan
Monir Hossain
Monwer Hossain
Murad Khan
Maisur Rahman
Nadif Chowdhury
Nafees Iqbal
Nasir Uddin Faruque
Nazmus Sadat
Noor Hossain
Robiul Islam
Rajin Saleh
Rassal Al-Mamun
Rejaul Karim Rajib
Rony Talukdar
Rubiayat Haq
Saikat Ali
Sajidul Islam
Saju Datta
Sahgir Hossain
Sharifullah
Shuvashish Roy
Syed Rasel
Talha Jubair
Tanbir Hayder
Tareq Aziz
Tarik Ahmed
Tasamul Haque
Taskin Ahmed
Tushar Imran
Ashley Nurse
Corey Collymore
Kirk Edwards
Sulieman Benn
Rizwan Cheema
Andy Carter
Bilal Shafayat
Chris Schofield
Dimitri Mascarenhas
Jack Shantry
Majid Haq
Peter Trego
Rikki Clarke
Sajid Mahmood
Tim Groenewald
Usman Afzaal
Andre Fletcher
Assad Fudadin
Shivnarine Chanderpaul
Irfan Ahmed
Gary Wilson
Niall O'Brien
Brendon Nash
Danza Hyatt
Ricardo Powell
Xavier Marshall
Carlton Baugh
Sheldon Cottrell
Alexei Kervezee
Mudassar Bukhari
Stephan Myburgh
Michael Swart
Tonito Willett
Adeel Malik
Adnan Rajak
Adnan Raza
Ali Asad
Ali Khan
Anop Ravi
Asad Shafiq
Asif Raza
Babar Naeem
Bilawal Bhatti
Haris Sohail
Iftikhar Anjum
Junaid Zia
Kamran Shahzad
Kamran Younis
Khurram Manzoor
Mansoor Amjad
Mohammad Irshad
Mohammad Khalil
Mohammad Salman
Naved Arif
Rahat Ali
Raza Ali Dar
Rehan Riaz
Saeed Anwar Jr
Samiullah Khan
Sarfraz Ahmed
Shahid Yousuf
Shakeel Ansar
Shoaib Khan
Sohail Ahmed
Yasir Arafat
Zohaib Khan
Kyle Coetzer
Calum MacLeod
Preston Mommsen
Alfonso Thomas
Charles Peiterson
Neil Carter
Kaushal Lokuarachchi
Malinga Bandara
Akeal Hosein
Rayad Emrit
Samuel Badree
Denesh Ramdin
Charles Coventry
Elton Chigumbura
Gary Ballance
Malcolm Waller
Prosper Utseya
Vusi Sibanda
Post-auction signings
Franchises are able to sign players after the BPL auction, as replacement of contracted players who are not available to play due to injuries and national commitments. Under BPL rules, the replacements have to be chosen from the pool of players who went unsold in the auction, and cannot be paid more than the players they are replacing, though they can be paid less. The Pakistan Cricket Board refused to issue No Objection Certificates (NOC) to any of its player who were selected by the BPL franchises and therefore Pakistani cricketers will not take part in the 2013 Bangladesh Premier League.
See also
2013 Bangladesh Premier League
2012-13 Bangladeshi cricket season
References
2013 Bangladesh Premier League
Cricket player auction lists
James Stokoe (12 July 1888–1970) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Derby County, Durham City and Swindon Town .
References
1888 births
1970 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Hartlepool United F.C. players
Swindon Town F.C. players
Derby County F.C. players
Durham City A.F.C. players
Świeradów-Zdrój (; ) is a spa town in Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic. The town is located in the Kwisa valley of the Jizera Mountains, a part of the Sudetes range. It lies approximately south of Lubań, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Świeradów received its town privileges in 1946. As at 2019, it has a population of 4,147.
History
First mentioned in 1524, the settlement was probably founded at the end of the 13th or the beginning of the 14th century in the Lower Silesian Duchy of Jawor, the southwesternmost duchy of fragmented Piast-ruled Poland. The oldest record concerning Flinsberg, which in fact related to the tavern "Fegebeutel" from which the local settlement of shepherds and lumbermen was named, comes from 1337, while Flinsberg was first documented in 1559. It was located on the eastern slope of the Smrk massif, at the tripoint of historic Silesia with the Bohemian and Upper Lusatian regions.
The exceptional properties of the Flinsberg mineral springs were suspected as early as the 16th century. In 1572, the Swiss doctor Leonard Thurneysser, private physician of Elector John George of Brandenburg wrote for the first time about the discovery of the extraordinary features of the local healing waters. They were described by the Protestant reformer Caspar Schwenckfeld about 1600, and Fryderyk Luca also wrote about them in 1683 in his Silesian chronicle. The area was heavily devastated during the Thirty Years' War, at first by Imperial troops under General Ottavio Piccolomini, then by Swedish forces in the course of the size of nearby Gryf Castle (Greiffenstein) in Proszówka ( Gräflich Neundorf).
A century later the landowners of the Schaffgotsch noble family established a special commission to gather scientific evidence and describe the healing effects of the Świeradów waters. The commission settled that the water “…agitates appetite, inhibits vomiting, eases anxiety states, stomach and liver illnesses”. The health resort started to develop in 1768 when the owners of land built the first spa house. The peak of health resort development occurred in the 1920s. Direct railway connection to Mirsk (then Friedeberg) operating since 1909 opened Świeradów to the world and contributed to full prosperity of the spa town.
Annexed by Kingdom of Prussia in the 18th century, from 1816 to 1945 the settlement belonged to the Löwenberg in Schlesien district (German: Landkreis Löwenberg in Schlessien).
In 1945 Bad Flinsberg was occupied by the Red Army and its German population expelled. As part of the Republic of Poland, the health resort resumed its activity on 26 May 1946. Świeradów was also granted town rights in 1946. The town was repopulated by Poles, most of whom were expelled from former eastern Poland annexed by the Soviet Union. Its town limits were expanded in 1973, by incorporating the neighbouring village of as a new district.
Name
Świeradów-Zdrój has an exceptionally rich acquisition of names. This eventful history begins with the German name Fegebeutel, which meant ‘a place where your purse will be cleaned' (Czyścisakwa in Polish). The name was given to the tavern situated here and the nearby settlement. Then, the name was changed to Flinsberg. The origin of that word may be sought in the pantheon of pagan gods of Lusatians. One of them was Flins.
In 1945, Bad Flinsberg became Wieniec-Zdrój. It was the first name of that town in the Polish language after the war, coming from the Polish word ‘wieniec' (wreath), related to hills surrounding the valley from all directions. The wreath consists of Vulture Mountain (829 m a.s.l.) in the east, Zajęcznik (595 m a.s.l.) in the north, Stóg Izerski (1107 m a.s.l.) in the south-west and Opaleniec (821 m a.s.l.) in the west. Finally, however, it was decided that the town will be called Świeradów-Zdrój – since 1946. The etymology of the name is ambiguous and two explanations can be found. One explanation says that the name derived from a combination of two words: świerk (spruce) and radon without which the spa would not exist, and the other one mentions Saint Andrew Świerad, who came here from Slovakia about the year 1000.
Balneotherapy and recreation
The spa house built in 1899 offers mineral water, radon and mud bath treatments of rheumatism and other adult diseases.
In 2008, a gondola was opened as the fourth such ski lift in Poland improving the position of Świeradów as a winter ski resort.
Twin towns – sister cities
Świeradów-Zdrój is twinned with:
Bílý Potok, Czech Republic
Jilemnice, Czech Republic
Jindřichovice pod Smrkem, Czech Republic
Lázně Libverda, Czech Republic
Nové Město pod Smrkem, Czech Republic
Odder, Denmark
Seifhennersdorf, Germany
See also
Groß Iser
References
External links
Official site
Świeradów-Zdrój – Photo Gallery
Cities and towns in Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Lubań County
Spa towns in Poland
Samir Feriani is a Tunisian official (sources variously described him as a police officer or a senior Interior Ministry employee). A whistleblower, he was arrested in May 2011 and came to be known as the "first 'Prisoner of Conscience' in the post revolutionary Tunisia". He was released in September 2011, and acquitted of most charges in March 2012.
Arrest, trial and release
On May 29, 2011 Feriani was arrested in Tunis, for allegedly "harming the external security of the state", "releasing and distributing information likely to harm public order", and "accusing, without proof, a public agent of violating law". Before his arrest Feriani sent two letters to Tunisia's internal minister, Habib Essid, in which he named several senior officials, who he alleged had committed human rights abuses during the Tunisian revolution, and had since then been destroying the evidence. His accusations were reported in two independent Tunisian newspapers, El Khabir and l'Audace, days before his arrest.
In response to his arrest, Tunisian activists organized a series of protests, many of them online (using Facebook and Twitter). Feriani's arrest was condemned by the Human Rights Watch.
On September 22, Feriani was released by a military court. In March 2012 he was acquitted of major charges, but fined for "accusing a public employee of violating law without proof". Feriani was satisfied with the outcome, expressing his hopes that it will mark the start of a deeper investigation into the Ministry of Interior's corruption, and that he will be reappointed to his position with the Ministry.
References
Tunisian police officers
Tunisian whistleblowers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Clara Mae Stover (1882-1975) was the wife and co-founder of candy maker, Russell Stover, who created Russell Stover Candies. Clara Mae solely ran the company following Russell's death.
Early life and marriage
Clara Mae Stover was born in Oxford, Iowa, in 1882. Clara Mae was raised on a farm, with her three sisters, who were required to do manual labor since their parents had no sons. Through the strong influence of her grandmother, Clara Stover was a very independent woman, who took the initiative to be self-reliant and knew how to get things done. Clara and Russell Stover met, as students in Iowa City, Iowa, at the Iowa City Academy. Over the years, they kept in touch and got married in 1911. The Stovers decided to buy a 580-acre, wheat and flax farm in Saskatchewan, Canada, but Unfortunately heavy rains destroyed their crops.
Introduction to candy industry
Russell Stover was hired by a candy company, in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Years later, the Stovers decided to move back to the United States, where Russell worked for confectioners, in Des Moines, Iowa and Chicago, Illinois, during the 1910s. Throughout the process, Russell Stover became very familiar with the candy-making process. Everything, from the production to the sale, of chocolates. This began Clara and Russell's dream of a chocolate empire, that still thrives today. Clara Stover would actually dip the chocolates, herself, in their apartment kitchen. Russell Stover, would in turn, sell them to neighborhood druggists, on the weekends.
Creation of "Eskimo Pie"
In 1921, Russell Stover, studying chemistry, at the University of Iowa and business partner, Iowa schoolteacher, Christian Nelson patented a process, by which ice cream could be coated, with chocolate, without melting. At a dinner party, Clara suggested calling it an "Eskimo Pie", which became a national sensation. Russell was soon offered licensing agreements, and buyout offers, some millions of dollars. He was also, in lawsuits, suing imitators, hiring many lawyers. Instead, of taking the buyout offers, Stover waited too long and sales plummeted, leaving sales at only several thousand dollars.
Stover Candy Company
The Stovers used their meager earnings, to create their own candy company, in Denver, Colorado, known as "Mrs. Stover's Bungalow Candies". Through their successes and failures, they were now prepared to officially run a successful candy business. Russell and Clara Mae Stover began to build factories in Denver and Kansas City, Missouri. In 1931, the Russell Stover Company headquarters was moved to Kansas City, increasing its output, from 20,000 to 11 million pounds, of candy production. In 1943, Mrs. Stover's Bungalow Candies was renamed "Russell Stover Candies".
Mrs. Stover and Stover candy legacy
In 1954, Russell Stover died, after leaving his significant contributions to the American candy industry. Russell Stover candy was sold in 2,000 pharmacies and department stores nationwide, and also, through their 40 company-owned stores. After his death, Clara Stover was the head of Russell Stover Candies for six years.
Later years
Death
In 1975, Clara Stover died in Kansas City, where she had lived with her husband. Her cremated remains are inurned with those of her daughter and husband at Mount Moriah Cemetery in Kansas City.
References
1882 births
1975 deaths
People from Johnson County, Iowa
Businesspeople from Iowa
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American businesswomen
American company founders
American women company founders
The 21st Cavalry Division was a division of the United States Army National Guard located in the north eastern United States. The division was composed of personnel from the New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island Army National Guards.
The division was created from the perceived need for additional cavalry units after the First World War. It numbered in succession of the Regular Army Divisions, which were not all active at its creation.
History
The division was constituted in 1921 and assigned to the First Army. Not all authorized units were active during the division's lifetime. The division did not participate in the First Army maneuvers in 1935, 1939, and 1940. The 21st was inactivated on 1 October 1940 and disbanded on 1 November 1940. The division staff personnel were reassigned to the serve as the Brigade Staff for the 102nd Coast Artillery Brigade (Anti-Aircraft) and the Headquarters Battery was manned by personnel from the division headquarters troop and the 51st Cavalry Brigade. Major General Nathaniel Hillyer Egleston (New York Army National Guard) gave up command of the 21st and assumed command of the 102nd on 5 September 1940.
Organization
Headquarters, New York City, New York
Headquarters Troop, West New Brighton, New York
51st Cavalry Brigade, New York
Headquarters Troop, Staten Island, New York
101st Cavalry Regiment (New York National Guard), Brooklyn, New York
121st Cavalry Regiment (New York National Guard), Rochester, New York
59th Cavalry Brigade, Newark, New Jersey
Headquarters Troop, Newark, New Jersey
102d Cavalry Regiment (New Jersey National Guard), Newark, New Jersey
110th Cavalry Regiment (Massachusetts National Guard), Boston, Massachusetts
112th Field Artillery Regiment, Trenton, New Jersey
Headquarters Special Troops, West New Brighton, New York
21st Signal Troop, West New Brighton, New York
125th Ordnance Company, (Medium), Connecticut
21st Tank Company (Light), New York
21st Reconnaissance Squadron, Boston, Massachusetts
125th Engineer Squadron, New York
121st Medical Squadron, New York
121st Quartermaster Squadron, Boston, Massachusetts
See also
United States Army branch insignia
List of armored and cavalry regiments of the United States Army
Headquarters Troop, 51st Cavalry Brigade Armory
New York Army National Guard Heraldry
References
U.S. Army Order of Battle 1919–1941, Volume 2. The Arms: Cavalry, Field Artillery, and Coast Artillery, 1919–41 by Lieutenant Colonel (Retired) Steven E. Clay, Combat Studies Institute Press, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, 2011
Maneuver and Firepower, The Evolution of Divisions and Separate Brigades, by John B. Wilson, Center of Military History, Washington D.C., 1998
Cavalry Regiments of the U S Army by James A. Sawicki Wyvern Pubns; June 1985
'', The Trading Post, Journal of the American Society of Military Insignia Collectors, April- June 2009, pages 20 & 21
External links
Formations of the United States Army
21
Military units and formations established in 1921
Military units and formations disestablished in 1940
Ibrahim Div-Keïta (born 18 January 1996 in Vernon) is a French footballer who currently plays as a forward for Czech side Bohemians 1905.
Career
In 2015, Keita left English club Wolverhampton Wanderers.
In 2017, he signed for Irish side Finn Harps after playing for VSS Košice in Slovakia and Greek teams AEL and Doxa Proskinites.
In 2018, he signed for FK Olympia Prague in the Czech Republic.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
French footballers
Association football forwards
Évreux FC 27 players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
FC VSS Košice players
Athlitiki Enosi Larissa F.C. players
Finn Harps F.C. players
1. FK Příbram players
Bohemians 1905 players
League of Ireland players
Czech National Football League players
Czech First League players
France youth international footballers
French expatriate footballers
French expatriate sportspeople in England
French expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
French expatriate sportspeople in Greece
French expatriate sportspeople in Ireland
French expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate association footballers in the Republic of Ireland
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Kämpersvik is a coastal smaller locality in Tanum Municipality, Bohuslän, Sweden. It has a population of 60 inhabitants and is located 5 kilometres south of the town of Grebbestad, to the west of the road leading to Fjällbacka.
References
External links
Tanum Municipality's heritage pages on Kämpersvik
Ejgdetjarnet.se, scheme to restore local wetland area
Populated places in Västra Götaland County
"Home Sweet Home" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music band The Farm. It was released in October 2011 as the first single from their debut album The Farm. The song was written by band members Nick Hoffman, Damien Horne and Krista Marie with Danny Myrick.
Critical reception
Billy Dukes of Taste of Country gave the song four and a half stars out of five, saying that "There's something new with each spin, including some delicious imagery late in the song."
Music video
The music video was directed by The Edde Brothers and premiered in February 2012.
Chart performance
"Home Sweet Home" debuted at number 54 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of November 5, 2011.
Year-end charts
References
2011 debut singles
2011 songs
The Farm (U.S. band) songs
Elektra Records singles
Songs written by Danny Myrick
Hualin Temple (), may refer to:
Hualin Temple (Guangzhou), in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China
Hualin Temple (Fuzhou), in Fuzhou, Fujian, China
Buddhist temple disambiguation pages
Baghat-e Dastgerdan (, also Romanized as Bāghāt-e Dastgerdān; also known as Dastgerdān) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 17 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Timothy Crane Day (January 8, 1819 – April 15, 1869) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Day attended the public schools. Day worked as a printer and engraver from 1838 to 1840. When his older brother died in 1850, he took his job as one of the editors and proprietors of the Cincinnati Enquirer.
Disposed of his interests in that paper in 1852 and made a tour of Europe.
Day was elected as an Opposition Party candidate to the Thirty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1855 – March 3, 1857).
Day Ran as an Anti-Nebraska, or anti-slavery, candidate. He declined renomination in 1856 because of ill health and retired from active business.
Day endowed the Ohio Mechanics Institute toward establishing a permanent library. When this library closed, to bequeath was transferred to the University of Cincinnati's College of Applied Science in 1911 and bears his name as the Timothy C. Day Technical Library. He died in Cincinnati, Ohio, April 15, 1869.
He was interred in Spring Grove Cemetery.
References
1819 births
1869 deaths
Politicians from Cincinnati
Opposition Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American politicians
The Cincinnati Enquirer people
The 12th World Rowing U23 Championships was the 12th edition of the World Rowing U23 Championships and was held from 21 to 26 August 2016 at the Willem-Alexander Baan in Rotterdam, Netherlands in conjunction with the World Junior Rowing Championships and the World Rowing Championships. The annual rowing regatta is organized by FISA (the International Rowing Federation), and held at the end of the northern hemisphere summer.
Medal summary
Men's events
Women's events
See also
Rowing at the 2016 Summer Olympics
2016 World Rowing Championships
World Rowing Junior Championships 2016
References
External links
Official website
WorldRowing website
World Rowing U23 Championships
U23
International sports competitions hosted by the Netherlands
Sports competitions in Rotterdam
2016 in Dutch sport
2016 in rowing
August 2016 sports events in Europe
Malotaranivka () is an urban-type settlement in Kramatorsk Raion in Donetsk Oblast of eastern Ukraine.
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001:
Ukrainian 68.76%
Russian 30.76%
Armenian 0.72%
Belarusian 0.18%
Moldovan (Romanian) 0.05%
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
Spark Networks SE is an American-German dating company with a portfolio of brands designed for singles seeking serious relationships. These online dating brands include Zoosk, SilverSingles, EliteSingles, Jdate, ChristianMingle, eDarling, JSwipe, AdventistSingles, LDSSingles, and Attractive World. Formed in 2017 through the merger of Affinitas GmbH and Spark Networks, Inc., the company has a presence in 29 countries worldwide. It is publicly listed on the Nasdaq exchange under the ticker symbol "LOV".
On July 1, 2019, Spark Networks closed on their previously announced acquisition of Zoosk, Inc., forming North America's second-largest dating company in revenues. The deal increased Spark's global monthly paying subscribers to over 1 million.
Eric Eichmann became CEO of Spark Networks on Nov 18, 2019.
Websites
Zoosk
Zoosk is an online dating service available in 25 languages and in more than 80 countries. The founders of the company are Shayan Zadeh and Alex Mehr, who ran the company until December 2014. In mid-2019, Zoosk was acquired for a reported $255 million by Spark Networks.
Christian Mingle
Initially launched in 2001, ChristianMingle.com is an online community of Christian singles. The site serves singles who are looking to date and marry within the Christian faith. Christian Mingle has over 9 million registered members. Users can access the site in English, German, Spanish, or French.
The plot of the film Christian Mingle features the website.
JDate
Launched in 1997, Jdate.com is a niche dating site that caters to Jewish singles. It has more than 750,000 members worldwide. Users can access the site in English, German, Spanish, French, or Hebrew. A survey commissioned by Jdate in 2011 showed 52 percent of married respondents met on Jdate.
EliteSingles
Designed for educated professionals seeking committed, long-term relationships, EliteSingles was launched in 2013 and operates in 19 countries. Over 90% of members are 30+.
SilverSingles
SilverSingles is a dating site aimed at those interested in over-50 dating and long-term relationships. SilverSingles started life as PrimeSingles.net in 2002, changing to Single Seniors Meet in 2009 and, finally, to SilverSingles in 2011, when it became part of Spark Networks, Inc.
eDarling
Launched in 2009, eDarling is a European online partner agency aimed at singles looking for long-term relationships.
JSwipe
JSwipe is a Jewish online dating app launched on Passover 2014 by Smooch Labs, and acquired by Spark Networks in October 2015 for $7 million, ending contentious patent and trademark litigation between the two companies.
Attractive World
Attractive World is a dating site that allows existing members to decide whether or not new applicants are suitable to join the community based on their submitted profiles.
Other websites
In addition, a number of properties are included in Spark Networks' portfolio, including LDS Singles and Adventist Singles.
History
The company was founded by Joe Y. Shapira in 1997 under the name MatchNet plc.
Jdate.com, founded in 1997, was the company's first venture into online dating. The company was also home to Christian Mingle, which was launched in 2001.
The company went public on June 27, 2000, on Germany's Neuer Markt.
In January 2005, the company changed its name to Spark Networks because management felt that the new name more sharply distinguished the company in the marketplace.
On November 10, 2014, Jdate launched a dating app designed for Jewish singles.
On October 14, 2015, Spark Networks announced the acquisition of Smooch Labs, owner of the popular millennial Jewish dating app JSwipe. Spark Networks launched CROSSPATHS, a dating app that helps like-minded Christians find matches, on October 8, 2015.
Redesigns of the Jdate and Christian Mingle websites were announced in 2015. In addition to revamped branding, the site makeovers featured technology changes (including expanded mobile capabilities), a re-designed inbox and a new “daily matches” feature. Jdate's redesign went live on November 18, 2015, while Christian Mingle's went live on December 17, 2015.
On November 2, 2017, Spark Networks SE (NYSE American: LOV) announced the completion of the previously announced merger of Spark Networks, Inc. and Affinitas GmbH in a stock-for-stock transaction. The combination created a worldwide online dating platform, with brands including EliteSingles, eDarling, Jdate, Christian Mingle, JSwipe, and Attractive World serving a spectrum of users across 29 countries and 15 languages.
On October 3, 2018, Spark was fined $500,000 and ordered to pay $985,000 in restitution in response to complaints that the site was automatically renewing customer accounts without their express consent. The company was sued by the Santa Monica city attorney as well as district attorneys in four counties.
On March 21, 2019, Spark entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Zoosk, Inc. The deal was finalized on July 1, 2019, forming North America's second-largest dating company in revenues and increasing Spark's global monthly paying subscribers increase to over 1 million.
On February 15, 2022, the company's stocks were transferred from the NYSE American to the Nasdaq Capital Market exchange.
Operations
Previously based in Beverly Hills, California, Spark Networks is now based in Berlin, Germany.
In 2013, the company authorized the repurchase of $5 million of its outstanding common stock as a reflection of confidence in the long-term business.
References
External links
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Companies formerly listed on NYSE American
Online dating services of Germany
Victor Safonkin (born 22 August 1967 at Saransk) is a Russian surrealist painter.
Victor Safonkin's work is self-described as Eurosurrealism or European classic surrealism & symbolism. His work is redolent of Salvador Dalí or more particularly Hieronymus Bosch. Victor's work has been highly acclaimed and in 2005 he was invited to exhibit at the European Parliament in Brussels. The rock band Killing Joke used his Inhuman Rearing as an album cover in 2006. Viktor Safonkin is featured in the 2007 Venus and the Female Intuition, published by SALBRU. Safonkin has been called "one of the most brilliant artists I have seen in a long time" by master Surrealist Professor Ernst Fuchs.
External links
Victor Safonkin's full set of ArtWork: EuroSurrealism NOW
Eurosurrealism.com
Victor Safonkin - Surreal Art Collective
Victor Safonkin www.art-affair.net
20th-century Russian painters
Russian male painters
21st-century Russian painters
Russian surrealist artists
People from Saransk
Living people
1967 births
20th-century Russian male artists
21st-century Russian male artists
Agrupación Deportiva Sagardía was a Spanish women's handball club from Santander, Cantabria, founded in 1984. It takes its name from the school in the city's Peñacastillo district where it was born in 1978. Nowadays it is settled in the La Albericia district. The club has also been known as Bansander, Verdaloe, Caja Cantabria and Marina Park for sponsorship reasons.
Sagardía has played seven seasons in the División de Honor from 1996 to 2011 with modest results, avoiding relegation in two occasions. In 2012 it registered in the third tier for financial reasons, subsequently earning promotion for the second category.
Season to season
References
Sport in Santander, Spain
Handball in Cantabria
Spanish handball clubs
Handball clubs established in 1984
Handball clubs disestablished in 2013
Sports teams in Cantabria
Defunct handball clubs
1984 establishments in Spain
2013 disestablishments in Spain
Sumony is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Wrestling competitions at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games in Cali, Colombia were scheduled to be held from December 1–4, 2021.
The winner of each weight category qualified for the 2023 Pan American Games.
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
Men's freestyle
Men's Greco-Roman
Women's freestyle
References
Wrestling
Pan American Games
Qualification tournaments for the 2023 Pan American Games
Willard R. Fazar (March 16, 1915 - September 13, 1997) was an American economist, Head of the Program Evaluation Branch at Special Projects Office, U.S. Navy, and author. He is known as one of co-inventors, and key-developers of PERT."
Biography
Born in 1915, Fazar studied economics at Cornell University, and obtained his Ms in Agriculture in 1936.
After graduation Fazar started his career in industry, and in his early career worked at Wall Street, R. H. Macy & Co and US Steel Export Co., and did industrial price research for the Government. In World War II he served in the army, and afterwards joined the Bureau of Labor Statistics in Washington, D. C., where he was appointed chief of the food section.
In 1956 Fazar was appointed by US Navy Admiral William Raborn as director of the program evaluation branch of the special projects office of the Navy, and was charged to "overcome the management challenge presented by the Polaris program." Around 1967 Fazar was appointed at the U.S. Bureau of the Budget, where he worked in operations research.
Work
Development of PERT
After his appointment at the Special Projects Office (SPO) as director of the program evaluation branch in 1956, Fazar played a key role in the development of PERT. James Jerome O'Brien (1969) summarized, the events that lead to that development:
"[In the fall of 1957 Fazar had noted, that]... it was clear that the various management tools available for management of the Polaris program did not provide certain information essential to effective program evaluation. In particular, they did not furnish the following:
Appraisal of the validity of existing plans in terms of meeting program objectives
Measurement of progress achieved against program objectives
Measurement of potential for meeting program objectives
The search for a better management system continued through the fall of 1957. At this time, the Navy was cognizant of the development of CPM at Du Pont. In January, 1958, the SPO initiated a special study to determine whether computers could be used in planning and controlling the Polaris program, and on January 27, 1958, the SPO directed a group to undertake the task of formulating the PERT technique. The goal of the group was to determine whether improved planning and evaluating research and development work methods could be devised to apply to the Polaris program, which involved 250 prime contractors and more than 9000 subcontractors."
About the organizational context and Fazar's performance Frederick I. Ordway (2014) once more summarized the circumstances in which PERT saw the first light of day and the participants involved :
"In 1956, a Special Projects Office (SPO) was organized by the Department of the Navy to manage the Polaris program. Numerous management tools, some old, some newly developed, were used by SPO.
However, despite the merits of these procedures, additional information was needed to assess the validity of plans and schedules, to measure research and development progress where the standard measure-money spent—did not necessarily correlate with progress, and to predict the probability of meeting objectives. In February, 1958, a team was organized by SPO to produce a system to do these things. The team consisted of personnel from SPO, consultants from Booz, Allen, and Hamilton, and specialists from the Missiles and Space Division of Lockheed. Willard Fazar, credited with guiding PERT's development, was team manager...
Some basic concepts were introduced by Fazar and his team, as Ordway (2014) further explained:
"...Due to the urgent nature of the Polaris program, and the particular importance of time in the missile and space industry, it was decided to use time as a common denominator in the system. A significant change in resources or technology always means a significant change in time, and in the defense industry cost is often less important than time and may be dependent on time.
PERT, then, is developed around a time sequence flow diagram. MileStones representing important events in the life of the project are selected and linked graphically with arrows to portray interdependencies. Actual work activity is represented by the arrows joining the milestones, and the resulting flow diagram that is structured around these important events is called the PERT network.
Times necessary to complete each task between events are estimated in such a way as to give an appropriate measure of uncertainty. The most likely time, optimistic time, and pessimistic time, ... "
Presentation of PERT
In a 1959 article in The American Statistician Fazar summarized the development of the Program evaluation and review technique in his own words, stating:
"The Navy's Special Projects Office, charged with developing the Polaris-Submarine weapon system and the Fleet Ballistic Missile capability, has developed a statistical technique for measuring and forecasting progress in research and development programs. This Program Evaluation and Review Technique (code-named PERT) is applied as a decision-making tool designed to save time in achieving end-objectives, and is of particular interest to those engaged in research and development programs for which time is a critical factor.
The new technique takes recognition of three factors that influence successful achievement of research and development program objectives: time, resources, and technical performance specifications. PERT employs time as the variable that reflects planned resource applications and performance specifications. With units of time as a common denominator, PERT quantifies knowledge about the uncertainties involved in developmental programs requiring effort at the edge of, or beyond, current knowledge of the subject – effort for which little or no previous experience exists...
The concept of PERT was developed by an operations research team staffed with representatives from the Operations Research Department of Booz, Allen and Hamilton; the Evaluation Office of the Lockheed Missile Systems Division; and the Program Evaluation Branch, Special Projects Office, of the Department of the Navy."
Reduction of R&D cycle
As member of the Polaris management team, Fazar in 1961 was cited in the Missiles and Rockets. journal explaining the power of PERT. He had stated:
"... modern system management technique have enabled us to reduce the R&D cycle, for major weapon systems, from 7-10 years to 3 years; we are confident that the cycle duration will be reduced even further as the full potential of the PERT approach is realized."
Selected publications
Willard Fazar. The Regulation and Taxation of the Motortruck, Cornell Univ., 1936.
U.S. Dept. of the Navy. Program Evaluation Research Task, Summary Report, Phase 1. Washington, D.C., Government Printing Office, 1958.
U.S. Dept. of the Navy. Program Evaluation Research Task, Summary Report, Phase 2. Washington, D.C., Government Printing Office, 1958.
Fazar, Willard. Progress Reporting in the Special Projects Office. 1961.
Articles, a selection
Malcolm, Donald G., Roseboom, J. H., Clark, C. E., & Fazar, W. (1959). Application of a technique for research and development program evaluation. Operations research, 7(5), 646–669.
Fazar, Willard. "Program evaluation and review technique." The American Statistician 13.2 (1959): 10.
Fazar, Willard. "The origin of PERT." The Controller 30 (1962): 598.
Fazar, Willard. "Federal information communities: the systems approach." Paper delivered at the 1966 Annual Meeting of the American Political Science Association. 1966.
References
1915 births
1997 deaths
20th-century American economists
Cornell University alumni
George Burman Foster (1858–1918) was part of the faculty in the Divinity School (Baptist) at the University of Chicago under the leadership of William Rainey Harper. His views were often thought by his contemporaries to support scientific naturalistic and humanistic views that contradict a Baptist view.
A friendship with Clarence Darrow shows that despite Foster's progressive views he still valued and respected the views of a traditional Christian community.
Biography
George Burman Foster was born in Wolfcreek, Virginia (now West Virginia) on April 2, 1858. He graduated from West Virginia University with an A.M. degree in 1883.
He married Mary Lyon on August 6, 1884, and they had two children.
He died in Chicago on December 22, 1918.
Selected publications
The finality of the Christian religion. University of Chicago Press, 1906.
The function of religion in man's struggle for existence. University of Chicago Press, 1909.
Christianity in its modern expression. Macmillan, 1921.
References
Further reading
Gary J. Dorrien. The making of American liberal theology: idealism, realism, and modernity, 1900–1950. Westminster John Knox Press, 2003. . pp. 156–161.
External links
Guide to the George Burman Foster Papers 1897-1917 at the University of Chicago Special Collections Research Center
1858 births
1918 deaths
19th-century Protestant theologians
People from Monroe County, West Virginia
West Virginia University alumni
Operation Bayonet Lightning was a military operation during the early stages of the Iraq War, that was held to capture weapons, materials, and people who posed a threat against coalition forces. The joint operation between Iraq and the United States, lasted approximately 16 hours, and was conducted on 2 December 2003. 1,200 soldiers from the 173rd Airborne Brigade, the 4th Infantry Division, and Iraqi military participated. Operation Bayonet Lightning was concentrated on Al Hawija, Iraq, and the village of Rashad, Iraq, sixty kilometers, or thirty-seven miles, to the south of Kirkuk, Iraq.
Overview
During Operation Bayonet Lightning, coalition forces located and confiscated sixty-two AK-47 assault rifles, two hundred rounds of AK-47 ammunition, one rocket propelled grenade launcher and two improvised explosive device-making kits.
Twenty six individuals were captured, including three targeted individuals, Saad Mohammed ad-Douri, the private secretary of Izzat Ibrahim ad-Douri, and Hamid Saad, a senior official of Saddam Hussein's former ruling Ba'ath Party in charge of youth and student affairs, and a former general of the disbanded Iraqi Army.
Operation Bayonet Lightning followed Operation Rifles Blitz and was followed by Operation Bulldog Mammoth.
See also
Iraq War-related articles
Iraq War
List of coalition military operations of the Iraq War
Iraq-related articles
Iraq
History of Iraq
Terrorism and insurgency-related articles
Terrorism
Iraqi insurgency
Suicide bombings in Iraq since 2003
Bombings and terrorist attacks of the Iraq War
Terrorist attacks of the Iraq War
Casualties-related articles
United States casualties of war
Post-traumatic stress disorder
Iraq Body Count project
Violence against academics in post-invasion Iraq
References
External links
Defend America News
Military operations of the Iraq War involving the United States
Military operations of the Iraq War involving Iraq
Military operations of the Iraq War in 2003
Iraqi insurgency (2003–2011)
Nicolas Ernest Marie Maurice Jeandin was Governor General of Pondicherry during the period immediately following the liberation of France (1944).
Titles
References
French colonial governors and administrators
Governors of French India
1886 births
Year of death missing
20th-century French people
Phaiogramma etruscaria is a species of moth of the family Geometridae.
Description
Phaiogramma etruscaria has a wingspan reaching 17.7-19.3 mm in males, 20-23.3 mm in the females. Wings are light green, with clearly visible white antemedial lines and small marbled striations. Hind tibia bear only terminal spurs in males, two pairs of spurs in females. Antennae are ciliate in males, while in females they are filiform. Adults are on wing from May to June. There is one generation per year. The pupae overwinter.
The larvae are polyphagous and feed on various Apiaceae (Anethum graveolens, Bupleurum, Foeniculum vulgare, Daucus, Ferula, Peucedanum) and on Thapsus, Lotus, Clematis and Rosmarinus.
Distribution
It is found from the Mediterranean Sea area of Europe to central Asia. Records include Russia, Italy, France, the Crimea, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan.
Habitat
This species inhabits warm scrubs and xerophilous hillsides.
External links
Moths and Butterflies of Europe and North Africa
Papillon de Poitou-Charentes: species info
Geometrinae
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Philipp Christoph Zeller
Elections to the French National Assembly were held in French Dahomey on 17 June 1951. The territory elected two seats to the Assembly, which were won by Sourou-Migan Apithy of the List of the French Union and Hubert Maga of the Ethnic Group of the North. Voter turnout was 44.3%.
Results
References
Elections in Benin
Dahomey
1951 in French Dahomey
Legislative elections in France
Julia Efremova née Vorobieva (born 14 February 1985 in Kursk) is a former Russian tennis player. She played under her maiden name of Vorobieva (aka Vorobeva) until February 2006. She married her coach Alexey Efremov and returned to the circuit in March 2007.
In her career, Efremova won eleven titles on the ITF Circuit, one in singles and ten in doubles.
Career
She has played on the qualifying draws of WTA Tour tournaments on many occasions. Her career-high singles ranking was world No. 285, which she achieved on 14 November 2005, and her highest doubles ranking No. 193, achieved on 20 February 2006.
In 2003, Julia tried to qualify for her first WTA event in Moscow, but fell to Anastasia Rodionova in the first round. In 2005, she played the qualifying draws of five tournaments (Pattaya, Hyderabad, Beijing, Guangzhou and Tashkent) but was unsuccessful in each.
In 2006, she tried qualifying in Bangalore, but was overpowered in round one by Daniela Kix. In 2007, she fell in the qualifying draws of Kolkata and Moscow, losing to Sandy Gumulya and Oxana Lyubtsova, respectively.
Julia's biggest title of her career was winning the Busan Challenger doubles event in 2005. She won the title with Wynne Prakusya, defeating Seiko Okamoto and Ayami Takase in the final. Her only singles title came in 2004 at Jakarta where she won an $10k event.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 1 (1 title)
Doubles: 15 (10 titles, 5 runner-ups)
References
ITF Player Profile
Living people
1985 births
Sportspeople from Kursk
Russian female tennis players
21st-century Russian women
20th-century Russian women
The Spatsizi River is a tributary of the Stikine River, rising near Mount Gunanoot in the southeastern Spatsizi Plateau, British Columbia.
Etymology
"Spatsizi" is a phrase from the Sekani language meaning "red goat", a reference to the habit of mountain goats in the region of rolling in the red dust of a particular mountain, making their coat-hair red.
Geography
The Spatsizi River emerges near the foot of Mount Gunanoot in the Skeena Mountains of north-central British Columbia. It then flows downslope and enters Spatsizi Headwaters Provincial Park from the south. The river continues north, leaving the park to enter a broad valley in the heart of the Spatsizi Plateau. The flat-bottomed topography of the valley allows the river to meander considerably along much of its northwestward flow until it reaches the Stikine River in Stikine River Provincial Park.
See also
Spatsizi Mountain
References
Rivers of British Columbia
Stikine Country
Tributaries of the Stikine River
Cassiar Land District
Ballymacool Park () is a public park located in Letterkenny, County Donegal, Ireland. The park is located on the Glenties Road, not far from O'Donnell Park and the local sports complex. The park has an entrance on each side of the Letterkenny to Glenties Road. It is the largest in Letterkenny and County Donegal, taking over from Letterkenny Town Park.
History
Work commenced on the €3.8 million park in August 2007 and was completed in early 2009. The park is built on a site near Ballymacool House which was donated to Letterkenny Town Council as a result of rezoning in the Ballymacool area.
Ballymacool House
John Boyd, born in 1739, and High Sheriff of Donegal in 1772–73, purchased the Ballymacool House and estate from the Span family in 1798. The estate was passed to his eldest son John Boyd, a barrister, on his marriage to Frances Hayes, in 1799. He was succeeded by his nephew, William Henry Porter, under the condition that he assume the surname Boyd, which he did by Royal Licence in 1891. He was father to Mary Rosalie Boyd, the South African poet. The founding member of the Apprentice Boys of Derry was also called John Boyd (1767–1836). He was a Captain in the Letterkenny Corps of the Donegal Militia, and a Freeman of the City of Londonderry. In 1830 John Boyd presented the Apprentice Boys with the saddle on which Governor Walker rode at the Siege of Derry in 1689. The Australian artist Arthur Merric Boyd and his family are descended from the Boyds of Ballymacool.
The house became occupied by Republican soldiers in 1921. During the occupation a silver plate which had been in the Boyd family since 1467 was stolen. The Boyd family crest was inscribed on the silver which was received by Thomas Boyd, Earl of Arran on his marriage to Mary Stewart, Princess of Scotland, daughter of James II of Scotland.
The Weekly Irish Times dated 11 May 1940 described the Ballymacool Estate as "well kept and extensive gardens embellished by the pine walk near the house, comprising a variety of rare conifers, amongst which are some of the finest specimens in Ireland". In 1941 the trees were felled by the new owner for timber. Replanting never took place. The house passed out of the Boyd family to the Kelly's in 1941. In the mid-1980s the Ballymacool Estate was sold. It was gradually sold off to private and public developers.
Remains of pathways, walled gardens, orchards and the shell of Ballymacool House are still visible. Trees include a huge Wellingtonia, a Sequoia and a Tsuga heterophylla. Several members of the Boyd dynasty are buried on the estate.
Features
The park has picnicked and park benches located throughout. Visitors walk on asphalt and water bound pathways which are bounded by kerbing. There are two buildings located on the site, a maintenance building and a toilet block. Earth mounds were created in order to change the topography. There are three special gardens secluded from the main green area. A hard surface used for basketball and football. There is also a children's playground.
References
External links
Letterkenny Town Council Article
Photo of Park design
Ballymacool House Ruins
Geography of Letterkenny
Parks in County Donegal
Mark Tuan (born Mark Yien Tuan (; ), on September 4, 1993), known mononymously as Mark, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter and model. He is a member of the South Korean boy group Got7.
Biography
Born as Mark Yien Tuan in Los Angeles, California, he spent a number of years in Paraguay and Brazil before eventually returning to California, where he grew up. He is Taiwanese, and has two older sisters and one younger brother. He took violin and piano lessons in elementary school, and moved to guitar in junior high school.
He attended Arcadia High School in Arcadia, California. In 2010, while with his friends at school, he caught the attention of a JYP Entertainment scout, who invited him to the auditions. Tuan had no desire to pursue a musical career but was encouraged by his friends and family who told him it was a good opportunity and thus, he gave it a try. He subsequently passed the audition and dropped out of school, which he attended until grade 10. He moved to South Korea in August 2010, where he learned acrobatics for one year, and martial arts for two years. Learning to sing, rap and dance, and performing on a stage as a trainee, inspired him to pursue the idol life and to become a singer.
Career
2012–2013: Pre-debut
In 2012, Tuan made a cameo in the first episode of Dream High 2 as a backup dancer alongside JB and Jinyoung, who later became members of Got7 with him.
He appeared in the fourth episode of Mnet's 2013 reality-survival program WIN: Who is Next, which presented iKon and Winner members, who at the time were still trainees under YG Entertainment. It also featured future fellow Got7 member's Jackson Wang, BamBam and Yugyeom.
2014–2020: Debut and solo career
On January 16, 2014, Tuan debuted as a part of K-pop boy group Got7, with the EP Got It?. Since his debut, Tuan has expressed his goals in working harder to become a singer-songwriter and making his own music. Tuan officially began writing rap and lyrics for Got7 songs since the Just Right EP, with the track "Back To Me". He contributed heavily to Flight Log: Turbulence, participating in the rap and lyric making in five out of thirteen songs, including "My Home" and "Let Me". With Got7's third studio album Present: You, Tuan released his first Korean solo song "OMW" featuring fellow member Jackson Wang; an accompanying music video was published on September 13, 2018. As of December 2021, Tuan is credited as songwriter on twenty songs and on eight as a co-composer.
On February 10, 2018, Tuan, along with fellow member BamBam, held the "Project Blur" fan meeting in Thailand at MCC Hall The Mall Ngamwongwan, whose tickets sold out in a minute.
Tuan has shown a keen interest in the fashion industry with launching his career as a model on magazines across South Korea, China and Thailand. Since early 2017, he has appeared on Dazed Korea, Ceci Korea, Grazia, Oh! Boy, Arena Homme+, 1st Look, Chicteen, Sudsapda, Stream, Yoho, Firebible, Jstyle, Beijing Youth Weekly, Nylon, Ele, Allure, Cosmo, The Star, Shinyouth, K-Media, Vogue Korea, GQ Thailand, Sweetdonut, Ginger, Starbox Young, Size, Vogue Thailand, Unnamedideal, Juz! Entertainment, Madame Figaro Mode, etc. Tuan became the cover of the 200th issue of the Korean charitable magazine The Big Issue, which provides support for the homeless, in March 2019. He has also released two limited edition apparel collections with Represent in 2018 and 2019 under XCIII referring to his birth year, helping in the creation and designing of each piece. The second collection, XCIII Evolution, sold 40,446 items, and all the profits proceeded to charity. After attending Milan Fashion Week 2019 for Ermenegildo Zegna with GQ Thailand and his collaboration with Represent, Tuan has expressed the desire to create his own brand. Tuan made his first US magazine cover in November 2020 for Lined's Changes issue.
In the spring of 2019, he joined Jus2 in their 'Focus' Premiere Showcase in Asia, acting as the MC for Macau (April 7), Taipei (April 14) and Singapore (May 4) stops.
Activities in China
Tuan's increasing presence in the Chinese market began in 2018 with attending photoshoots, events and interviews. In January 2019, the variety show Change Your Life () marked Tuan's first television appearance in mainland China. On April 11, 2019, Tuan attended the Weibo Starlight Awards in Hong Kong and won the Hot Star Award.
Tuan held his first ever set of fan meetings in China, titled "On Your Mark" from 2019 to 2020. On July 20, 2019, he held the first of his solo fan meeting in Nanjing, China which sold out all 3,000 seats. It was reported that the tickets for the event sold out within the first minute. The event also saw the signing of his first photobook, Mark Yixia, which had been earlier released on June 30. He then went on to a September 14 fan meeting in Chengdu, China the same year. As both the shows were well received by local fans, they were followed by an additional and final stop in Shanghai, China on January 11, 2020. On the day of the last fan meeting, he released his first Chinese single, "Outta My Head", officially debuting as a solo artist. His second single, titled "Never Told You" (从未对你说过), was released as a charity single on White Day. "Never Told You" was released in collaboration with the China Children's Charity Relief Foundation, and their partnership also saw the sale of a sweater in collaboration with ETET to help children in Heqing County in Yunnan Province.
Promoting in four countries (China, South Korea, Japan and Thailand), he has had many endorsement deals across China, and Vivo in Thailand alongside group member BamBam. This includes becoming the brand ambassador in China for Davines in April 2019 and Mentholatum on May 27, 2020 for Mentholatum Acnes, having previously endorsed Mentholatum's Lip Tiara in December 2019, which was restocked multiple times due to the high demand. In August 2020, Tuan became the brand ambassador for China Unicom, a large telecommunications operator in China.
From June 15 until August 28, 2020, Tuan appeared on eight episodes of Huya Super Idol League Season 10 as "Gamer Mark".
2021–present: Departure from JYP and music releases
In January 2021, Tuan, along with the other six members of Got7, chose not to renew his contract with JYP Entertainment. Following his departure, Tuan opened a YouTube channel which shortly gained over a million subscribers before he had posted any content to it.
The opening of Tuan's company Mark Tuan Studio in Beijing, China was announced on February 7 with focus on his solo Chinese activities and promotions. Meanwhile, he also set up a new label, DNA, together with his friends. On February 12, he released the single "One in a Million" in collaboration with Sanjoy Deb. An animated music video, which Tuan was also an executive producer of, was then released on his YouTube channel on Valentine's Day. He also served as the executive producer of Got7's "Encore" music video released on February 20.
A third apparel collection in collaboration with Represent, named XC3, went on sale on March 17. On April 29, Tuan signed with Creative Artists Agency. On June 2, he became the ambassador for Sisley's Black Rose Skin Infusion Cream. The same month, Tuan made the cover of L'Officiel Philippines alongside Winnie Harlow. On June 16, Tuan collaborated with Anessa for a limited edition Artist Box, becoming the first artist to do so.
In the second half of the year, he sang "Never Gonna Come Down" with Bibi for the movie Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings. He attended Paris Fashion Week for Rick Owens, Raf Simons, Lanvin and Balenciaga in September.
On November 12, 2021, Tuan released the digital single "Last Breath". He subsequently released other songs in 2022, namely "My Life" on January 21, "Lonely" on March 24, and "Save Me" on April 7.
From May 27 to May 29, 2022, he held a sold-out solo fan meeting in Thailand titled "Pull-Up".
On July 1, 2022, Tuan released the digital single "IMYSM". The song was the fifth and last single extracted from his first studio album The Other Side, which was published on August 26, 2022 together with the music video of title track Far Away. The singer is credited both for songwriting and composition across every song of the 20-track record, showcasing both his singing and rapping abilities.
Personal life
Growing up in the US and coming from a Taiwanese family, Tuan can speak both English and Mandarin Chinese, as well as having learned Korean and Japanese.
In December 2018, Tuan suffered from a leg injury while practicing martial arts tricks for the JYP Nation stage on 2018 KBS Song Festival and could not perform at the event or at later schedules including the fifth anniversary fan meeting for Got7, therefore he stayed seated for most of the concert.
Tuan provides support and donations through his work, such as charity donations through his clothing line collaborations and his second single, "Never Told You". In February 2020, he donated towards the purchase of ventilators for the COVID-19 pandemic in Hubei, China. On May 31, Tuan donated $7,000 to the George Floyd Memorial Fund and the Black Lives Matter movement in light of events in the US. In November, he donated $1,500 to the victims of Typhoon Ulysses. In April 2021, Tuan donated $30,000 to Stop AAPI Hate.
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
Writing credits
All song credits, under Mark (10010921), are adapted from the Korea Music Copyright Association's database, unless otherwise noted.
Filmography
Dramas
Variety shows
Music videos
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
1993 births
American expatriates in South Korea
American male pop singers
American people of Taiwanese descent
American expatriates in Brazil
American expatriates in Paraguay
Got7 members
JYP Entertainment artists
American K-pop singers
Korean-language singers of the United States
Living people
Singers from Los Angeles
People from Los Angeles
is a Japanese footballer currently playing as a left midfielder for Nagano Parceiro, on loan from Matsumoto Yamaga.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Mie Prefecture
Association football people from Mie Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
J2 League players
J3 League players
Matsumoto Yamaga FC players
Montedio Yamagata players
AC Nagano Parceiro players
The 1983 NASL Playoffs was the post-season championship of North American Soccer League (NASL), the top soccer league in the United States and Canada at that time. It was the 16th edition of the NASL Playoffs, the tournament culminating at the end of the 2019 regular season. The playoffs began on September 5, 1983, and concluded with the Soccer Bowl '83 on October 1.
New York Cosmos were the defending NASL champions, having won their fifth title in Soccer Bowl '82, but they were eliminated by Montreal Manic in the Quarterfinals. The 1983 regular season the best record were Vancouver Whitecaps, but they were also eliminated in the Quarterfinals, by Toronto Blizzard (1971–1984).
Qualified teams
Eastern Division
New York Cosmos
Chicago Sting
Toronto Blizzard
Montreal Manic
Southern Division
Tulsa Roughnecks
Fort Lauderdale Strikers
Western Division
Vancouver Whitecaps
Golden Bay Earthquakes
Division standings
W = Wins, L = Losses, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, PT= point system
6 points for a win in regulation and overtime, 4 point for a shootout win,
0 points for a loss,
1 bonus point for each regulation goal scored, up to three per game.
-Premiers (most points). -Best record. -Other playoff teams.
Bracket
References
1983 North American Soccer League season
Hirendranath Sadhu (born 1 September 1915, date of death unknown) was an Indian cricketer. He played as a right-handed batsman and a left-arm medium-pace bowler.
Early life
He was born on 1 September 1915 in Chinsurah.
Career
Sadhu's debut came for Bengal in 1939/40, playing against Bihar, against whom he helped his team to an innings victory. Sadhu's second and final first-class appearance followed nine seasons later, playing for Assam. He scored a duck in his first innings for the team and 11 runs in the second. Sadhu bowled 41 overs in his first-class career.
External links
Hirendranath Sadhu at Cricket Archive
Hirendranath Sadhu at Cricinfo
1915 births
Date of death unknown
Assam cricketers
Bengal cricketers
Cricketers from West Bengal
Indian cricketers
Banco del Café (English: Bank of the Coffee), commonly known as Bancafé, was a bank in Guatemala that collapsed because of bad loans and panicked withdrawals set off by an investigation by Guatemala's Superintendencia de Bancos in 2006. This eventually brought the bank down.
References
Companies of Guatemala
Great Cranberry Island is an island located in Maine. It is the largest of the five islands of the Town of Cranberry Isles, Maine. It is roughly long and wide.
Great Cranberry Island is a favorite vacation spot for many. Access to the island is provided by ferry from either Northeast Harbor or Southwest Harbor, both located on Mount Desert Island. Many islanders also have their own boats and dock at Spurling Cove.
The population of the island is over 300 in the summertime, but the year-round population is only around 40. The year-round population is mostly fishermen who fish the shores for the ever-popular seafood, lobster.
Notable locations on the island are the History Museum, which includes a public trail to the shore, the General Store, the school and library, Post Office, Whale's Rib Gift Shop and Crow Island, which is accessible only at low tide.
The Ladies' Aid Fair, held each year since 1900 in August, is a highlight of the annual calendar.
The island was home to award-winning artist, Wini Smart (03/17/1932-09/15/2017), who painted hundreds of oil and watercolor paintings around Great Cranberry Island and the surrounding Mount Desert Island area.
It is the setting of the fictional children's book My Kindergarten by Rosemary Wells.
The island is also featured in a Fallout 4 expansion pack, Far Harbor.
Great Cranberry Island was also home to the GCI 50K Ultra Marathon and The Great Run put on by Crow Athletics and long-distance runner Gary Allen.
External links
Photograph of Main Street, Cranberry Island, ca. 1910, from the Maine Memory Network
Great Cranberry Island Official Website
Great Cranberry Island Tour Map (PDF)
Islands of Hancock County, Maine
Islands of Maine
Coastal islands of Maine
Costești is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Costești and Giurgești. These belonged to Târgu Frumos town until 2004, when they were split off to form a separate commune.
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
HMS Astraea was an second class cruiser of the Royal Navy. She was built towards the end of the nineteenth century, and survived to serve in the First World War.
Construction and commissioning
Astraea was ordered as part of the eight-ship Astraea class under the Naval Defence Act of 1889. She was laid down at Devonport Dockyard in August 1890 and launched from there on 17 March 1893. She was completed and commissioned for service in November 1895.
Career
Astraea served in the Mediterranean Sea in early 1900 under the command of Captain Alfred Paget, and was in China the following year under the command of Captain Casper Joseph Baker. She left Hong Kong on 27 March 1902, homeward bound, arriving in Singapore on 2 April, Colombo on 10 April, Suez on 27 April, Malta on 2 May, and in Plymouth on 14 May, having convoyed the destroyer from the Mediterranean. She paid off at Chatham on 12 June 1902, and was placed in the B Division of the Fleet Reserve.
She was again sent to the China Station in 1906, followed by a period at Colombo between 1908 and 1911. She returned to Britain in January 1912, where she was refitted to return to service. She was recommissioned at the Nore in June 1912, and joined the Third Fleet. By April 1913 she had been reassigned to operate off the Cape of Good Hope as part of the squadron assigned to the West Africa Station. She was serving off East Africa at Zanzibar when the First World War broke out, and the squadron was initially assigned to protect British Empire shipping travelling on the trade routes around the African coast. On 8 August 1914 Astraea bombarded Dar-es-Salaam, part of the German colony of German East Africa. Astraeas guns destroyed a radio station, and fearing an imminent landing, the German authorities scuttled their floating dock to block the harbour. This had the subsequent effect of preventing the German commerce raider from being able to return to the port. Astraea was later one of the ships assigned to hunt and blockade Königsberg in the Rufiji Delta.
In May 1915 Astraea became the ship of the senior naval officer assigned to support the invasion of Kamerun, replacing the cruiser in the role.
Ghostly encounter
One of Astraeas First World War officers was Harold Owen, younger brother of the wartime poet Wilfred Owen. Shortly after the signing of the Armistice, Astraea was anchored in Table Bay. Harold later wrote:
Harold only later learned that Wilfred had been killed in action on 4 November 1918, a week before he had apparently appeared to him on Astraea.
Scrapping
Astraea returned to the UK and was paid off in July 1919. She was sold on 1 July 1920 to the ship breakers Castle, but was subsequently resold and was broken up in Germany in 1920.
Notes
References
Sources
Astraea-class cruisers
Ships built in Plymouth, Devon
1893 ships
World War I cruisers of the United Kingdom
Pavel Štercl (born October 20, 1966 in Kroměříž) is a Czechoslovak-Czech slalom canoeist who competed in the 1990s partnering his twin brother Petr in the C2 boat throughout his career.
Together they won four medals in the C2 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with two golds (1993, 1995) and two silvers (1991, 1997). They also have a gold medal from the same event from the 1998 European Championships in Roudnice nad Labem.
Štercl finished sixth in the C2 event for Czechoslovakia at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. Four years later in Atlanta, he finished sixth in the C2 event for the Czech Republic.
World Cup individual podiums
References
1966 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Czech male canoeists
Czechoslovak male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Czechoslovakia
Olympic canoeists of the Czech Republic
People from Kroměříž
Twin people from the Czech Republic
Twin sportspeople
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Sportspeople from the Zlín Region
Straus Family Creamery is a California organic dairy, located in Marshall in Marin County. They produce whole milk, reduced and non-fat milk (pasteurized, but not homogenized), butter, cheese, ice cream and yogurt. Their milk is used in the production of cheese at Cowgirl Creamery. Their milk is commonly sold in redeemable glass containers.
In 2021, the company moved its production from Marshall to a larger facility in Rohnert Park, California.
References
External links
Food and drink in the San Francisco Bay Area
Companies based in Marin County, California
Organic farming in the United States
1994 establishments in California
Dairy products companies in California
Yogurt companies
The Russian plague epidemic of 1770–1772, also known as the Plague of 1771, was the last largescale outbreak of plague in central Russia, claiming between 52,000 and 100,000 lives in Moscow alone (1/6 to 1/3 of its population). The bubonic plague epidemic that originated in the Moldovan theatre of the 1768–1774 Russian-Turkish war in January 1770 swept northward through Ukraine and central Russia, peaking in Moscow in September 1771 and causing the Plague Riot. The epidemic reshaped the map of Moscow, as new cemeteries were established beyond the 18th-century city limits.
Outbreak
Russian troops in Focşani, Moldova discovered the first signs of plague in January 1770; the disease, indigenous to the area, was contracted through prisoners of war and booty. The news was hailed and exaggerated by adversaries of Russia, and Catherine wrote a reassuring letter to Voltaire, arguing that "in spring those killed by plague will resurrect for the fighting". Commanding general Christopher von Stoffeln coerced army doctors to conceal the outbreak, which was not made public until Gustav Orreus, a Russian-Finnish surgeon reporting directly to Field Marshal Pyotr Rumyantsev, examined the situation, identified it as plague and enforced quarantine in the troops. Stoffeln, however, refused to evacuate the infested towns and himself fell victim to the plague in May 1770. Of 1,500 patients recorded in his troops in May–August 1770, only 300 survived.
Medical quarantine checkpoints instituted by Peter I and expanded by Catherine II were sufficient to prevent plague from reaching inside the country in peacetime, but they proved to be inadequate in time of war. The system regarded all epidemics as external threats, focusing on border control, and paid less attention to domestic measures. The epidemic blocked the logistics of Rumyantsev's army, and as the state tried to push more reserves and supplies to the theatre, peacetime quarantine controls had to be lifted. Plague swept into Poland and Ukraine; by August 1770 it reached Bryansk. Catherine refused to admit the plague in public, although she was clearly aware of the nature and proportions of the threat, as evidenced by her letters to Governor of Moscow Pyotr Saltykov.
Moscow plague
When Peter the Great died in 1725, he left behind him the blooming, new capital of St. Petersburg, and the city of Moscow, now unstable because he had transferred the seat of power from that city to St. Petersburg. The now-abandoned Moscow and its suburbs attracted vast numbers of serfs and army deserters, who prompted the government to instigate change by "tightening serfdom and strengthening—or even just creating—administrative and estate institutions, and knitting all three into a seamless web of social control." The increasing population created more waste that needed to be dealt with, and no real solution for getting rid of it. There was human waste, horse waste, and waste from tanneries, slaughterhouses and other slatternly industries, all of which was piling up on each other. Catherine II inherited the throne in 1762 and recognized the social concerns her empire was facing, such as the drastic increase in pollution and decrease in living standards. In 1767, her government decreed that the polluting factories, slaughterhouses, fish markets, and cemeteries be removed from the city, that it was illegal to pollute the waterways, and that dumps be established. Her goal in this was to westernize Moscow as well as St. Petersburg. She contended that by eliminating the foul smells associated with the city, the health of the inhabitants would improve; during the 18th century, the theory of miasma (that disease came from bad smells) was prevalent. By moving the factories out of the city proper, Catherine also ensured a dispersal of the peasants and serfs, whom the city considered to be the source of the putrefaction, and therefore bring the source of the disease outside the city as well. As her memoires indicate, Catherine herself saw the stench and filth of the city as evidence of its being rooted in the past, before Russia became westernized. She hated Moscow, and before the plague outbreak, Moscow had no formal boundaries, there was no population count, and no real city planning. This lack of planning was also evidenced by the fact that the city was mostly still built from wood, despite the government urging change to stone structures in this department. While there were some stone buildings, they tended to be located in the center of the city, and the use of stone showed no real sign of spreading. There were fires, there was a high crime rate, the filth was unimaginable; the state of the city was a set up for disaster. Catherine attempted to fix these problems through pardons, case reviews, creating jobs for the unemployed and homeless, and strengthening the local government.
Despite her efforts to change the city, Catherine found herself facing an outbreak of the bubonic plague in the Russian Empire in 1770. The plague was somewhat of a constant threat in early modern Europe; no one could be sure where or when it would strike. In 1765, rumors circulated that the plague had traveled north from the Ottoman Empire into Poland. The same rumors echoed over the course of the next year, with the plague also supposedly appearing in Constantinople and the Crimea. There was a false alarm of the plague entering Russian territory, and another false alarm of supposed plague around Moscow that turned out to be smallpox. There were efforts made to keep plague out of Russia by creating quarantine stations on the southern border, but these proved to be ineffective.
In December 1770, a Doctor A. F. Shafonskiy, the chief physician at the Moscow General Hospital, identified a case of the bubonic plague and promptly reported it to German doctor A. Rinder, who was in charge of the public health of the city. Unfortunately, Rinder did not trust the former's judgment, and ignored the report. The next day, the Medical Council met and established the fact that the plague had entered the city, and informed the Senate in St. Petersburg. The response of the national government was to send military guards to the hospital in order to quarantine the cases. However, Shafonskiy and Rinder continued to stand on opposing sides, until Rinder denied Shafonskiy's claim in January 1771. Shafonskiy submitted a report in February
Riot
The plague peaked in September 1771, killing an estimated thousand Muscovites a day (20,401 confirmed dead in September), despite the fact that an estimated three quarters of the population fled the city. Many deaths escaped the statistics: residents, fearing that the infested properties would be destroyed by authorities, routinely concealed the casualties, burying the dead at night or simply throwing them on the streets. Authorities set up chain gangs of prisoners to collect and bury the bodies, but their forces were insufficient even for this single task.
Governor Saltykov, failing to control the situation, preferred to desert his station and fled to his country estate; the police chief followed suit. Jacon Lerche, the newly appointed sanitary inspector of Moscow, declared state of emergency, shutting down shops, inns, taverns, factories and even churches; the city was placed under quarantine. Masses of people, literally thrown into the streets, were denied their regular trade and recreation habits. On September 15, 1771, Moscow residents revolted against the authorities. The mob perceived any emergency measures of the state as a conspiracy to spread the disease. In particular, archbishop Amvrosy, who removed a revered icon from the public to curtail transmission of the disease by worshippers, was accused of conspiracy, hunted down and killed as an "enemy of the people". Active rioting continued for three days. The remaining unrest was finally subdued by Grigory Orlov in the end of September.
Emergency measures post infection out-break
When the riot was still unwinding, empress Catherine dispatched Grigory Orlov to take control of Moscow; it is not clear whether her choice was an assignment in good faith or an attempt to get rid of a former lover and a leader of an influential political clan. Orlov, accompanied by Gustav Orreus and four regiments of troops, arrived in Moscow on September 26, immediately calling an emergency council with local doctors. They confirmed presence of both bubonic and septicemic forms of plague. Orlov established and supervised an executive medical commission charged with developing the ways to check the epidemic. More important, he succeeded in changing public opinion in favor of the state's emergency measures, at the same improving the efficiency and quality of medical quarantine (in particular, varying quarantine duration for different groups of exposed but yet healthy people, and paying them for the quarantine stay).
The epidemic in Moscow, although still rampant in October, gradually reduced through the year. November 15 Catherine declared that it was officially over, but deaths continued into 1772. Estimates of total death toll in Moscow range from 52 to 100 thousand out of total 300 thousand.
Consequences
The plague stimulated local research in disease prevention, which was boosted by discovering indigenous plague in newly conquered territories of the Caucasus. The epidemic was professionally exposed to Western European academia through An account of plague which raged in Moscow 1771, published in 1798 in Latin by Belgian physician Charles de Mertens; an English translation was released in 1799.
Immediate political effect
Devastation caused by the plague forced the government to reduce taxes and military conscription quotas in the affected provinces; both measures decreased the military capabilities of the state and pushed Catherine to seek truce. The statesmen divided between supporters of further pressing into Moldova and Walachia and those who sided with Frederick II's proposal to quit the war and take Polish territories as compensation: nearby Polish lands were seen as cash source while Moldova had to be ceded to the Turks anyway. Catherine preferred to suit both parties and engaged in the Partitions of Poland while the war in the South protracted until 1774. Orlov, dismissed from the court, retired for a long tour of Europe.
City planning
In a move to control disease, authorities banned any burials in the traditional parish cemeteries inside the city of Moscow. Instead, they set up a chain of new cemeteries outside the city limits. This ring of cemeteries, established in 1771 (Vagankovo and others) is mostly extant today; some were razed to make way for new construction (Dorogomilovo cemetery), some, also destroyed, are now public parks (Lazarevskoe cemetery). Rogozhskoye cemetery, east of Moscow, became and remains a leading Old Believers shrine.
See also
List of epidemics
Second plague pandemic
Notes
References
Second plague pandemic
Health disasters in Russia
18th-century health disasters
18th-century epidemics
18th century in Moscow
1770 in the Russian Empire
1771 in the Russian Empire
1772 in the Russian Empire
1770 disasters
1771 disasters
1772 disasters
Plague
Huarmaripayoc (possibly from Quechua wamanripa Senecio, -yuq a suffix) is a mountain in the Urubamba mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about high. It is located in the Cusco Region, Urubamba Province, Ollantaytambo District. It lies southwest of Patacancha and northwest of Salcayoc.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Cusco Region
Maturango may refer to:
Maturango Museum in Ridgecrest, California
Maturango Peak in the Argus Range
Overview
Fabric Connect, in computer networking usage, is the name used by Extreme Networks to market an extended implementation of the IEEE 802.1aq and IEEE 802.1ah-2008 standards.
The Fabric Connect technology was originally developed by the Enterprise Solutions R&D department within Nortel Networks. In 2009, Avaya, Inc acquired Nortel Networks Enterprise Business Solutions; this transaction included the Fabric Connect intellectual property together with all of the Ethernet Switching platforms that supported it. Subsequently, the Fabric Connect technology became part of the Extreme Networks portfolio by virtue of their 2017 purchase of the Avaya Networking business and assets. It was during the Avaya era that this technology was promoted as the lead element of the Virtual Enterprise Network Architecture (VENA).
For their part, Extreme Networks have stated that the acquisition of the Avaya Networking assets and more specifically the "award-winning Fabric technology...strengthens Extreme's position as a leader across the education, healthcare and government markets".
Components of Fabric Connect
Technologies
Fabric Connect
A network virtualization capability, based on an enhanced implementation of the IEEE 802.1aq The Shortest Path Bridging (SPB) standard, Fabric Connect offers the ability to create a simplified network that can dynamically virtualize elements to efficiently provision and utilize resources, thus reducing the strain on the network and personnel. Extreme Networks base the Fabric Connect technology on the SPB standard, including support for RFC 6329, and have integrated IP Routing and IP Multicast support; this unified technology allows for the replacement of multiple conventional protocols such as Spanning Tree, RIP and/or OSPF, ECMP, and PIM. Simply put, Fabric Connect's aim is to provide network-wide, end-to-end, multi-layer virtualization.
Fabric Attach
An adjunct to the Fabric Connect technology, Fabric Attach, allows network operators to extend network virtualization directly into the conventional wiring closet (on existing non-Fabric Ethernet Switches) and automate the provisioning of devices to their appropriate virtual network. This is particularly relevant for the mass of unattended network end-point that are now appearing, such as IP Phones, Wireless Access Points, and IP Cameras. Fabric Attach standardized protocols such as 802.1AB LLDP to exchange credentails and obtain provisioning information that allows "Client" Switches to be automatically re-configured on the fly with parameters that let traffic flows map through to Fabric Connect Edge Switches (aka "Backbone Edge Bridge" in SPB definition) functioning as a Fabric Attach "Server" Switch. This method is described by an IETF "Internet Draft", pending further standardization activity. Fabric Attach is typically used to automate Wiring Closet connectivity, but has the potential to be extensible for use in the Data Center, with Virtual Machines being able to dynamically request VLAN/VSN (Virtual Service Network) assignment based upon application requirements.
Hardware Products
Virtual Services Platform 9000 Series
A range of modular chassis-based products, featuring a carrier-grade Linux operating system, and designed for high-performance deployment scenarios that need to scale to multiple terabit of switching capacity and support 10 and 40 gigabit Ethernet connections, and is designed to eventually support 100 Gigabit Ethernet.
Virtual Services Platform 8000 Series
A compact form-factor platform delivering high-density 10/40 Gigabit Ethernet connectivity, and targeted at mid-market through to mid-size enterprise core switch applications.
Virtual Services Platform 7000 Series
These are a range of high-end 10 Gigabit Ethernet stackable switches that extend Fabric-based networking to the Data Center Top-of-Rack. They support 40 Gigabit Ethernet via the MDA Slot.
Virtual Services Platform 4000 Series
This is a range of high-end Gigabit Ethernet stackable switches that extend Fabric-based networking to branch and metro locations.
Ethernet Routing Switch 5000 Series
This range of high-end Gigabit Ethernet stackable switches provide enterprise-class desktop features, including PoE, and offering 10 Gbit/s uplink connections. Each Switch supports up to 144 Gbit/s of virtual backplane capacity, delivering up to 1.152 Tbit/s for a system of eight, creating a virtual backplane through a stacking configuration.
Ethernet Routing Switch 4000 Series
These mid-range Gigabit Ethernet stackable switches provide enterprise-class desktop features, including PoE/PoE+, and offering 1/10 Gbit/s uplink connections. Each switch supports up to 48Gbit/s of virtual backplane capacity, delivering up to 384Gbit/s for a system of 8, creating a virtual backplane through a stacking configuration.
Ethernet Routing Switch 3500 Series
These entry-level Gigabit Ethernet stackable switches provide enterprise-class desktop features, including PoE/PoE+, and 1 Gbit/s uplink connections.
See also
Avaya Networking
Split Multi-Link Trunking
Routed-SMLT
Shortest Path Bridging
Fabric computing
References
Further reading
External links
Avaya Networking
What's network functions virtualization(NFV) and what are its benefits?
Internet architecture
Network architecture
Cloud computing
The Islamic Saudi Academy of Washington () was an International Baccalaureate (IB) World university preparatory school in Northern Virginia, accredited with the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and authorized by IB in December 2008. It had classes from pre-kindergarten to twelfth grade, and had a final enrollment of more than 1,200 students. It was funded by the Embassy of Saudi Arabia in Washington, DC. In 2011, ISA graduated its first international baccalaureate class. Four students received their full IB diploma and one of them was able to earn bilingual diploma. As of 2007, approximately 30% of the roughly 1,000 students were Saudi Arabian citizens. The school closed in 2016, replaced by the new King Abdullah Academy later that year.
Overview
The school was founded in 1984 by the Government of Saudi Arabia. Located in Fairfax County, Virginia, the school offered instruction from pre-kindergarten through twelve. The school was bilingual, with classes in English and Arabic.
History
The school was founded in August 1984 by a decree of King Fahd and originally served grades K–6. The Saudi government purchased the 34-acre campus of the former Fairfax Christian School in Fairfax from owner Robert L. Thoburn for $3 million as a site for the school.
The school proved so popular that by 1986 the school rented the former Dunn Loring Elementary School, which had closed in 1978, to provide space for its burgeoning student body.
Following the leasing of the Dunn Loring site, the school expanded its education program to include grades 7–12.
When the lease on the Dunn Loring site expired, the school leased the former Mount Vernon High School in Mount Vernon, Virginia, near Alexandria, spending $5 million to renovate the nearly 50-year-old building. The academy moved into the Alexandria site in 1989. For much of its history it maintained two campuses: the main campus near Alexandria and the West Campus in Fairfax Station, near Fairfax.
In December 2015 there were plans for the school to move to a new campus near Herndon.
The original ISA closed in June 2016, and the new King Abdullah Academy near Herndon opened in Fall 2016.
Programs and activities
The school's curriculum included Islamic studies, Islam for beginners, Arabic language, Arabic ASL, Mathematics, Science, Language Arts, Computers, Art, English, Social Studies, and Physical Education. The school also had an Advanced Placement Program and an English as a second language program. The school also had the IB program and offered IB English A1 + B, IB Arabic A1+B, IB Biology HL, IB Math HL + SL, IB Art, IB History HL+SL, and IB Psychology, so its students can graduate with an IB diploma.
The ISA is a member of the Northern Virginia Independent Athletic Conference (NVIAC), and participates in the basketball and soccer leagues, fielding both boys' and girls' varsity teams. The school has 3 football fields. The school was a supporter of the Mount Vernon Youth Athletic Association, an all-volunteer community program that uses athletics to teach discipline and good citizenship to area youths. They also had a Teen center for students to improve at sports.
The school participated in various educational and leadership-oriented extracurricular activities. There was an annual science fair and a Shakespearian drama program. Students were active participants in the Model United Nations program, the Presidential Classroom program, and various other programs.
Controversy
ISA has been accused of promoting religious intolerance.
On February 23, 2005, the day after Ahmed Omar Abu Ali was indicted on terrorism charges, New York Senator Charles Schumer issued a press release questioning whether the ISA was "another madrassa" (i.e. a school teaching radical Islamic theology. Madrassa is the Arabic word for school, but in English the term usually refers more narrowly to Islamic institutions of learning.) Senator Schumer sent letters to Saudi Prince Bandar bin Sultan and U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales.
In October 2007, the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom urged the US State Department to shut down ISA on the grounds it teaches religious intolerance. The Commission accused the ISA of promoting religious intolerance that could prove a danger to the United States. In response ISA officials stated that they had removed offensive passages from the books the previous summer, but did not explain why the Saudi embassy officials had refused to personally make the books available to the Commission. Officials of ISA criticized the USCIRF, saying that the panel unfairly damaged the school's reputation, and invited the commission members to review the books; an offer which was refused. According to the Commission chair he did not take up the academy's offer of making the book available because academy officials wanted mutually acceptable scholars and translators to review the textbooks.
Textbook passages
In June 2008, another USCIRF report stated that textbooks at ISA teach students that it is permissible for Muslims to kill adulterers and converts from Islam, and also teach that, "The Jews conspired against Islam and its people." ISA officials issued a press relate stating that the aforementioned textbooks are sorely outdated, and once again invited the USCIRF to visit its campus to review more recent materials. The rejection of such an offer it stated would lead the ISA to doubt the intentions of the investigation.
Land lease
ISA's campus was leased from the Fairfax County government on a year-to-year lease, and the issue has occasionally been raised that perhaps Fairfax should not continue leasing the land if the ISA's textbooks do promote terrorism or intolerance. On June 23, 2008, Fairfax County's Board of Supervisors made a formal request to U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to determine if Fairfax County should continue to lease the land.
Notable individuals connected to ISA
Ahmed Omar Abu Ali, valedictorian of the academy in 1999, was convicted in 2005 on charges of providing material support to the al Qaeda terrorist network. He was sentenced to 30 years in prison. His defense team argued that his first confession in Saudi Arabia had been extracted under torture, but the judge ruled his confession admissible. Courts have upheld his conviction but pushed for a longer sentence.
Mohammed Osman Idris and Mohammed el-Yacoubi, both former students of ISA, were denied entry to Israel in December 2001, under suspicion of planning to carry out a suicidal martyr attack. The two were departing JFK International Airport when a letter was found in el-Yacoubi's luggage which was characterized as "a farewell letter...for a suicide mission in the name of Jihad." The two hastily boarded a flight to Jerusalem, leaving behind their belongings. However, when the flight arrived in Israel, the two were detained and sent back to the U.S. Idris was later charged with lying to a federal grand jury investigating terrorism.
Susan L. Douglass, a former social studies teacher at the school, wrote social studies textbooks for the International Institute of Islamic Thought.
Democratic Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger taught at the school between 2002 and 2003.
See also
American schools in Saudi Arabia:
American International School – Riyadh
American International School of Jeddah
References
External links
Official ISA website
Official ISA Website (Archive)
ISA Mission Statement
"Trial Starts For Student In Plot to Kill President", The New York Times
Baltimore Sun: Repost of cited article
Shea, Nina. "Saudi Textbooks Teach Students to Hate". The Washington Post/Newsweek (Saudi sponsorship of ISA and its textbooks)
1984 establishments in Virginia
2016 disestablishments in Virginia
Educational institutions disestablished in 2016
Educational institutions established in 1984
High schools in Fairfax County, Virginia
International schools in the United States
Islamic schools in the United States
Private K-12 schools in Virginia
Religious schools in Virginia
Saudi American
Saudi Arabia–United States relations
Focuri is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Focuri (Romanian for "fires").
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
X Development LLC (formerly Google X) is an American semi-secret research and development facility and organization founded by Google in January 2010, which now operates as a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. X has its headquarters about a mile and a half from Alphabet's corporate headquarters, the Googleplex, in Mountain View, California.
X's mission is to invent and launch "moonshot" technologies that aim to make the world a radically better place. A moonshot is defined by X as the intersection of a big problem, a radical solution, and breakthrough technology. Work at X is overseen by entrepreneur scientist Astro Teller, as CEO and "Captain of Moonshots". The lab started with the development of Google's self-driving car.
On October 2, 2015, after the complete restructuring of Google into Alphabet, Google X became an independent Alphabet company and was renamed to X.
Active projects
Glass
Project Glass is a research and development program by Google to develop an augmented reality head-mounted display (HMD). The intended purpose of Project Glass products would be the hands-free displaying of information currently available to most smartphone users, and allowing for interaction with the Internet via natural language voice commands. One Google Glass costs $1500.
Taara
The purpose of Taara is to expand global access to fast, affordable internet with beams of light. After a successful use of free-space optical communication (FSOC) as a part of project Loon, X decided to conduct more tests called Taara in rural areas of India. The technology uses light beams which are developed by X's office in Visakhapatnam. As of December 2017, X had set up 2,000 of these units in India, through a partnership with Andhra Pradesh State FiberNet Limited.
Chorus
Chorus is a project at X which aims to improve the supply chain through the use of sensors, software and machine learning tools. The team had been working on the project for 3.5 years before it was revealed in March 2022.
Graduated projects
Waymo
Waymo was a project by Google that involved developing technology for driverless cars. In December 2016, Google transitioned the project into a new company called Waymo, housed under Google's parent company Alphabet. The project was led by Google engineer Sebastian Thrun, director of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory and co-inventor of Google Street View. Thrun's team at Stanford created the robotic vehicle Stanley which won the 2005 DARPA Grand Challenge and its prize from the United States Department of Defense. The team developing the system consisted of 15 engineers working for Google, including Chris Urmson, Mike Montemerlo, and Anthony Levandowski, who had worked on the DARPA Grand and Urban Challenges.
Loon
Project Loon was a project of X that aimed to bring internet access to everyone by creating an internet network of balloons flying through the stratosphere. It uses wireless routers in balloons that are above weather and plans to give access to the internet to those who can't reach it or are in need of help. In July 2018, Loon graduated from X and was made a subsidiary of Alphabet. In January 2021, it was announced that the company would be shut down.
Wing
Project Wing was a project of X that aimed to rapidly deliver products across a city by using flying vehicles, similar to the Amazon Prime Air concept. It began development in secret around 2012, with full-scale testing being carried out in Australia. In 2014, the project was publicly announced, at the same time that it was spun off to a separate company, Wing.
The flying vehicle takes off vertically, then rotates to a horizontal position for flying around. For delivery, it hovers and winches packages down to the ground. At the end of the tether is a small bundle of electronics which detects that the package has hit the ground, detaches from the delivery, and is pulled back up into the body of the vehicle. Dropping the cargo or landing were found to be unfeasible, as users compromised the safety.
Malta
Malta was started in July 2017 to develop renewable energy storage systems by utilizing tanks of molten salt. The system works by transforming electrical energy to heat energy for storage, based on research by Robert B. Laughlin. Malta Inc. graduated from X in December 2018 with plans to develop a large-scale test of the technology for future commercial applications.
Dandelion
Dandelion was spun out as a company not under the Alphabet umbrella, aiming to sell geothermal energy systems to consumers.
Makani
Makani was a project that was acquired by X in May 2013 designed to produce wind energy using kites. The T-shaped planes are 85 feet wide and contain 8 turbines tethered to the ground. Compared to wind turbines, Makani's kites require 90% less material. In December 2016, Makani's kite became the first energy kite in the world to generate electricity. In February 2019, Makani was separated from X and became a subsidiary of Alphabet.
In February 2020, Alphabet shut down Makani. The company said "Despite strong technical progress, the road to commercialization is longer and riskier than hoped." In September 2020, Makani released the Energy Kite Collection — a three-part report and accompanying collection of open source code repositories, flight logs and technical videos from the project. It also released Pulling Power from the Sky: The Story of Makani, a documentary on the project, and made a non-assertion pledge on its patent portfolio, allowing anyone to use its patents without fear of legal reprisal.
Intrinsic
In July 2021, it was announced that a new company called Intrinsic would be spun out of X. The team had been developing software for industrial robots at X for more than five years. The new company is led by Wendy Tan White as CEO.
Others
The Google Contact Lens, a smart contact lens that aims to assist people with diabetes by constantly measuring the glucose levels in their tears, was announced by Google on January 16, 2014. This project, the nanodiagnostics project to develop a cancer-detecting pill, and other life sciences efforts are now being carried out by Verily.
Google Brain is now a deep learning research project at Google which started as an X project. Considered one of the biggest successes, this one project has produced enough value for Google to more than cover the total costs of X, according to Astro Teller.
Google Watch (now Wear OS)
Gcam (now Google Camera)
Project Insight, mapping indoor spaces, now integrated into Google Maps
Flux, a tool for designing more eco-friendly buildings
Daydream View
Chronicle
Projects with unknown status
A 2011 New York Times article stated that computer scientist Johnny Chung Lee was working on web of things-related research; this might have evolved into the Tango project (2014-2018), which was done not at Google X but at Google ATAP.
A 2015 article in The Wall Street Journal stated that Google X had, since 2012, been working on long-lasting smartphone batteries.
Abandoned or rejected projects
In October 2013, the existence of four Google barges was revealed, with the vessels registered under the dummy corporation By And Large. Two of the barges had a superstructure whose construction was kept under the utmost secrecy. These were eventually revealed to be experimental floating interactive learning centers, though perhaps due to the cost of meeting federal maritime safety regulations, this project was cancelled and the barges dismantled and sold.
Foghorn, a project to produce liquid hydrocarbon fuel for vehicles using seawater as a source of carbon dioxide, extracted using membrane technology, and also as a source of hydrogen, using electrolysis. The project was killed by X in 2016 and the results published in 2018.
Calcifer explored using lighter-than-air vehicles to move freight at lower cost in countries with poor transportation infrastructure. Abandoned in 2014 due to the high cost of prototyping and limited expected impact.
Projects that X has considered and rejected include a space elevator, which was deemed to be currently infeasible; a hoverboard, which was determined to be too costly relative to the societal benefits; a user-safe jetpack, which was thought to be too loud and energy-wasting; and teleportation, which was found to violate the laws of physics.
Approach
In February 2016, Astro Teller, the X "Captain of Moonshots", gave a TED talk in which he described the X approach to projects. Unusual characteristics of the approach included constantly trying to find reasons to kill off projects by tackling the hardest parts first, and both celebrating and rewarding staff when projects were killed off due to failure.
On May 17, 2018, an internal video entitled The Selfish Ledger was leaked by The Verge, regarding reshaping society through total data collection. A spokesperson stated that "This is a thought-experiment by the Design team from years ago that uses a technique known as ‘speculative design' to explore uncomfortable ideas and concepts in order to provoke discussion and debate. It's not related to any current or future products."
Acquisitions
A number of companies have been acquired and merged into X, covering a diverse range of skills including wind turbines, robotics, artificial intelligence, humanoid robots, robotic arms, and computer vision. In 2013, X acquired Makani Power, a US company which develops tethered wings/kites with mounted wind turbines for low-cost renewable energy generation. In 2014, it acquired product design and mechanical engineering firm Gecko Design, whose previous products included the Fitbit activity tracker and low-cost computers. As of 2015, X has acquired 14 companies: among them are Redwood Robotics, Meka Robotics, Boston Dynamics, Bot & Dolly, and Jetpac. In June 2017, X sold Boston Dynamics to SoftBank Group, which later sold it to Hyundai Motor Company in December 2020.
Campus
A reporter from Bloomberg Businessweek visited the site in 2013 and described it as "ordinary two-story red-brick buildings about a half-mile from Google's main campus. There's a burbling fountain out front and rows of company-issued bikes, which employees use to shuttle to the main campus."
Controversies
On 25 October 2018, The New York Times published an exposé entitled, "How Google Protected Andy Rubin, the 'Father of Android'". The company subsequently announced that "48 employees have been fired over the last two years" for sexual misconduct. A week after the article appeared, Google X executive Rich DeVaul resigned pursuant to a complaint of sexual harassment.
See also
Artificial intelligence
Glossary of artificial intelligence
Google Labs
Skunkworks project
References
External links
Alphabet Inc.
Alphabet Inc. subsidiaries
Research organizations in the United States
Science and technology in the San Francisco Bay Area
Companies based in Mountain View, California
Technology companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area
Technology companies established in 2010
2010 establishments in California
Binsar Wildlife Sanctuary is an Indian wildlife sanctuary.
Binsar was the summer capital of the Chand Kings, who ruled over Kumaon from the 11th to 18th centuries AD. Binsar was established in 1988 for the conservation and protection of the shrinking broad leaf oak (Quercus) forests of the Central Himalayan region, and it has over 200 bird species.
Geography
It sits on top of the Jhandi Dhar hills in the Himalayas, about 33 km north of Almora town in Uttarakhand. The sanctuary spreads over 45.59 km2. Its altitude varies from 900 to 2500 metres with an average height of 2412 metres. The temperature of this area is about 20 °C.
From a place called Zero Point the Himalayan peaks Kedarnath Peak, Shivling, Trisul and Nanda Devi are visible.
Flora and fauna
Binsar has a museum about the flora and fauna of the region. The sanctuary hosts 25 types of trees, 24 types of bushes and 7 varieties of grasses. The higher altitudes are covered with oak and rhododendron trees. In March and April, flowers, especially ruby red rhododendron, are in full bloom.
Mammals include leopard (Panthera pardus), Himalayan goral (Naemorhedus goral), chital (Axis axis), musk deer (Moschus spp.), Sumatran serow (Capricornis sumatraensis), jungle cat (Felis chaus), wild boar (Sus scrofa), pine marten (Martes martes), red fox (Vulpes vulpes), gray langur (Presbytis entellus), rhesus macaque (Macaca mulatta), red giant flying squirrel (Petaurista petaurista), and Indian muntjac (Muntiacus muntjak). In the past black bear (Ursus thibetanus) had been recorded.
Binsar hosts over 200 species of birds including tits, forktail, nuthatches, blackbirds, parakeets, laughingthrush, magpies, kalij pheasant (Lophura leucomelana), monal, koklass pheasant, eagles, woodpeckers, and Eurasian jays.
Binsar is home to many reptiles and butterflies.
History
Grand Oak Manor
The Grand Oak Manor is the erstwhile home of Sir Henry Ramsay who used it as his summer home and administrative centre as Commissioner of Kumaon. The property later became a heritage hotel.
Khali estate
The Khali estate was once owned by Sir Henry Ramsay, who was the commissioner of Kumaun from 1856 to 1884 and called by British authors the King of Kumaun. He built a bungalow at Binsar. Vijay Laxmi Pandit, the sister of Jawahar Lal Nehru, also lived there.
Other prominent people who have been guests/owners of this estate include Pt. Jawaharlal Nehru, Indira Gandhi and Mahatma Gandhi.
Mary Budden estate
The Mary Budden estate located at 8000 feet is a restored colonial home and a temple to Shiva.
See also
List of Quercus species
References
External links
Binsar Wildlife Sanctuary
Almora district
Wildlife sanctuaries in Uttarakhand
1988 establishments in Uttar Pradesh
Protected areas established in 1988
Peter Seeberg (22 June 1925 – 8 January 1999) was a Danish modernist novelist and playwright, inspired by the French existentialists. He made his literary debut in 1956 with the novel Bipersonerne. He was born in Skrydstrup in Haderslev Municipality
Peter Seeberg graduated from Haderslev Cathedral school in 1943 and pursued an education as an archaeologist. Together with his authorship was he a museum custodian in Viborg. Seeberg graduated with a Magister Artium (The Artists Teacher) in 1951 from University of Copenhagen, with a concentration on Friedrich Nietzsche. Seeberg's own life mirrored Nietzsche's life; they both had distant mothers and both their fathers died early. Seeberg's own father was also an author and was a missionary priest. Seeberg's entire family was Christian and according to Seeberg's own journal, was centered on a jealous and vengeful God.
He was awarded the Nordic Council's Literature Prize in 1983 for the short story collection Om fjorten dage ("In Fourteen Days").
Awards
Nordic Council's Literature Prize 1983
References
1925 births
1999 deaths
Danish male novelists
Nordic Council Literature Prize winners
Recipients of the Grand Prize of the Danish Academy
20th-century Danish novelists
20th-century Danish dramatists and playwrights
Danish male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Danish male writers
People from Viborg Municipality
People from Haderslev Municipality
The OMRE OE-1 (a.k.a. Rubik R-20) was an experimental high performance sailplane designed and built in Hungary during 1950–1951.
Design and development
During design work for the Rubik R-22 Június-18 and the need for a high performance glider for competition and record breaking was realised. Requirements included a minimum sinking speed of only slightly over 0,5 m/s, the best glide ratio of 32 to 35 with a low curvature polar curve to give good performance at higher speeds.
The wing design evolved into a high aspect ratio of 23:1, a modest wing loading of 20 kg/m2 and light alloy stressed skin structure, giving a smooth surface and the prospect of laminar flow.
Initial design work was carried out at OMRE – Országos Magyar Repülö Egyesület (National Hungarian Flying Association) but this organisation was taken over by MRSz (Hungarian Aeronautical Association) during 1951, resulting in the loss of experienced designers and constructors. The Dunakeszi workshops of the MRSz were not capable of producing the light alloy structure of the OE-1, as designed, so an all wooden wing was built using traditional methods.
The OE-1 was a cantilever mid-wing monoplane built entirely of wood with plywood skinning on structural parts and aircraft fabric covering on control surfaces. Features included a fixed main-wheel, V-tail and tail parachute for approach control.
Flight tests of the OE-1 began on 14 May 1951, demonstrating good performance at moderate speeds and good handling characteristics. The design goal of good performance at high speeds was not realised due to the poor surface finish and deformation of the wings under load at high speed. Laminar flow was not achieved which resulted in much higher drag, particularly at high speeds. During the take over the more design staff were dispersed and not available to continue development of the OE-1.
Despite good handling qualities the OE-1 was not liked by pilots due to the unusually high flexibility of the wing and its mid set position which resulted in the wing tips being close to the ground. The OE-1 was also not certified for aerobatics, spin and cloud flying which limited its usefulness and appeal. The sole OE-1 was scrapped in the late 1950s.
The cantilever, mid set, wooden wing of the OE-1 consisted of three parts: the span chord rectangular planform centre section and two tapered outer panels span and rounded wing-tips. Three position plain flaps were fitted to the trailing edges of the centre section with a chord of and set positions of −0.5, +8 and +80 degrees. Ailerons occupied the entire trailing edges of the outer panels. A shallow gull form was due to reduced dihedral on the outer panels.
The airfoil section chosen was derived from the NACA 23012 by Márton Pap, with the thickness of the section modified to achieve the desired pressure distribution. Maximum thickness was moved back to 45% chord to achieve laminar flow, checked in the wind tunnel of the Technical University of Budapest.
The fuselage of the OE-1 was designed with minimal cross sectional area, transitioning from circular at the nose to ovoid at the cockpit back to circular for the tapered tail-boom. The pilots seat was located at the bottom skin and control rods routed through channels either side of the cockpit.
The landing gear comprised a main-wheel aft of the centre of gravity with nose and tail-skids sprung with rubber. A spring-loaded diameter parachute was fitted in the tail cone which could be deployed and retracted by the pilot as required.
V-tail surfaces were carried at the end of the tail-boom at an angle of 114° to each other with push rods operating the large horn balanced ruddervators for yaw control as well as pitch.
Specifications (OMRE OE-1)
Notes
References
External links
Hungarian Gliders 1933–2000
Gliders in Hungary
1950s Hungarian sailplanes
Glider aircraft
Rubik aircraft
Shoulder-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1951
V-tail aircraft
Yan (), also known as the Great Yan (), was a dynastic state of China established in 756 by the former Tang general An Lushan, after he rebelled against Emperor Xuanzong of Tang in 755. The state collapsed in 763 with the death of An Lushan's former subordinate Shi Chaoyi (son of Shi Siming), who was the last person to claim the title as emperor of Yan.
Rulers of Yan
Former countries in Chinese history
States and territories established in the 750s
756 establishments
763 disestablishments
8th-century establishments in China
Tommaso Lancisi (1603–1682) was an Italian painter, active in a Baroque style. He was born and active in Borgo San Sepolcro. He was a pupil of Raffaello Scaminozzi. He had two brothers who were also painters: Vincenzio and Matteo.
Sources
Abecedario pittorico (1753) By Pellegrino Antonio Orlandi, Pietro Guarienti, Page 475.
People from Sansepolcro
1603 births
1682 deaths
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Tuscany
Italian Baroque painters
The 9th Alabama Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 9th Alabama Infantry Regiment was mustered in at Richmond, Virginia in late May 1861.
The regiment surrendered at Appomattox Court House.
Total strength and casualties
The 9th mustered 1138 men during its existence. It suffered approximately 200 killed in action or mortally wounded and 175 men who died of disease, for a total of approximately 375 fatalities. An additional 208 men were discharged or transferred from the regiment.
Commanders
Colonel Cadmus Marcellus Wilcox
Colonel Samuel Henry
Colonel Joseph Horace King
Colonel Gaines Chism Smith
See also
Alabama Civil War Confederate Units
Alabama in the American Civil War
Notes
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Alabama
1861 establishments in Alabama
Military units and formations established in 1861
Springfield is an unincorporated community in Springfield Township, LaPorte County, Indiana.
History
Springfield was laid out in 1833.
Geography
Springfield is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Carroll County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 20,155. The county seat is Delphi.
Carroll County is part of the Lafayette, Indiana, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
In 1787, the fledgling United States defined the Northwest Territory, which included the area of present-day Indiana. In 1800, Congress separated Ohio from the Northwest Territory, designating the rest of the land as the Indiana Territory. President Thomas Jefferson chose William Henry Harrison as the territory's first governor, and Vincennes was established as the territorial capital. After the Michigan Territory was separated and the Illinois Territory was formed, Indiana was reduced to its current size and geography. By December 1816 the Indiana Territory was admitted to the Union as a state.
Starting in 1794, Native American titles to Indiana lands were extinguished by usurpation, purchase, or war and treaty. The United States acquired land from the Native Americans in the treaty of St. Mary's in 1818, which included most of the future county, and in 1826 the Treaty of Mississinewas made more area available for settlement. These two treaties resolved the occupation issue for the future Carroll County.
Whites had been living in the future Carroll County area since 1824 and their numbers increased rapidly in the next few years. Accordingly, Carroll County was authorized by the state legislature on 17 January 1828; it was named for Charles Carroll, the last surviving signer of the Declaration of Independence, who died in 1832. The first commissioners began organizing the county government on 28 April of that year, and determined to site the county seat at land donated by William Wilson. The name 'Carrollton' was first suggested for the new community, but at the suggestion of General Samuel Milroy, 'Delphi' was selected instead.
The Wabash and Erie Canal, built through the county in 1840 and operating until the early 1870s, is among the county's most significant historical legacies.
Courthouse
The first county courthouse was built in 1831. It was replaced by a brick structure in 1856. The 730-pound bell from the first courthouse was made in Cincinnati in 1836 and given by Sheriff Samuel Davis Gresham, and was used in the second courthouse until 1916. While the bell was in transit to Lafayette by boat, the boat sank. The bell was recovered from the Ohio River, and was sold, but was returned to Carroll County in 1967.
The current Carroll County courthouse was designed by Jaxson Cowell of Indianapolis, who also designed the Spencer County courthouse. It was constructed by A. E. Kemmer at a cost of about $250,000 from 1916 to 1917. The exterior is understated, but the interior is surprisingly elaborate, including a stained glass dome over a mosaic tile floor.
Geography
The Wabash River flows southwestward from Cass County through the upper part of Carroll County, exiting into Tippecanoe County. The Tippecanoe River flows southward through the county's upper west edge, also exiting into Tippecanoe County, where it merges with the Wabash shortly after leaving Carroll County's border. Wildcat Creek drains the south part of Carroll County, flowing westward into Tippecanoe to merge with the Wabash there.
The terrain of Carroll County was heavily wooded at the start, but now the flat areas are cleared and devoted to agriculture or urban development, with only the drainage areas still wooded. The highest point on the terrain (830 feet/253 meters ASL) is the county's SE corner.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.25%) is land and (or 0.75%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Cass County − northeast
Howard County − east
Clinton County − south
Tippecanoe County − southwest
White County − northwest
City
Delphi (county seat)
Towns
Burlington
Camden
Flora
Yeoman
Unincorporated communities
Adams Mill
Bringhurst
Burrows
Carrollton
Cutler
Deer Creek
Lexington
Lockport
Ockley
Owasco
Patton
Pittsburg
Prince William
Pyrmont
Radnor
Rockfield
Sharon
Sleeth
Terrace Bay
Wheeling
Townships
Adams
Burlington
Carrollton
Clay
Deer Creek
Democrat
Jackson
Jefferson
Liberty
Madison
Monroe
Rock Creek
Tippecanoe
Washington
Major highways
U.S. Route 421
Indiana State Road 18
Indiana State Road 22
Indiana State Road 25
Indiana State Road 29
Indiana State Road 39
Indiana State Road 75
Indiana State Road 218
Railroads
Norfolk Southern Railway
Winamac Southern Railway
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Delphi have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1963 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in July.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. These officers are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare a party affiliation and to be residents of the county.
Carroll County is part of Indiana's 4th congressional district and is represented by Jim Baird in the United States Congress. It is also part of Indiana Senate district 7 and Indiana House of Representatives district 24.
Demographics
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 20,155 people, 7,900 households, and 5,678 families in the county. The population density was . There were 9,472 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.8% white, 0.2% American Indian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.1% Asian, 1.7% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 29.7% were German, 14.7% were American, 12.6% were Irish, and 8.8% were English.
Of the 7,900 households, 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were married couples living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.1% were non-families, and 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.98. The median age was 40.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $60,420. Males had a median income of $46,241 versus $29,541 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,163. About 6.1% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.0% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Public schools in Carroll County are administered by the following school districts:
Carroll Consolidated School District
Delphi Community School Corporation
Rossville Consolidated School District
Twin Lakes School Corporation
High schools and middle schools
Delphi Community High School
Delphi Community Middle School
Carroll Consolidated School
Elementary schools
Carroll Elementary School
Delphi Community Elementary School
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Carroll County, Indiana
References
External links
Carroll Consolidated School District
Delphi Community School Corporation
Indiana counties
1828 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1828
Lafayette metropolitan area, Indiana
Spun Sugar (foaled January 28, 2002 in Kentucky) is an American thoroughbred mare racehorse. She is sired by multiple grade one stakes winner Awesome Again, who was United States Horse of the Year. He in turn was sired by another leading American sire in Deputy Minister. She was out of the mare Irish Cherry.
Spun Sugar raced 13 times and won or placed in nine races, seven of them stakes races. She is probably best known for her wins in the Grade II $200,000 Black-Eyed Susan Stakes on May 20, 2005, and the grade one Apple Blossom Handicap.
Three-year-old season
As a three-year-old in 2005, Stronach Stable's Spun Sugar won the $250,000 Grade 2 Black-Eyed Susan Stakes as she beat a field of six three-year-old rivals at Pimlico Race Course. At that time, Spun Sugar was three for four lifetimes. The win marked her first added-money stakes score, after winning a maiden and an allowance race prior to that start. The Black-Eyed Susan Stakes is considered by many to be the de facto second leg of the "Filly Triple Crown." The Todd Pletcher trainee was sent to post as the favorite at odds of 1.20-1 odds at "Old-Hilltop" and won under jockey John Velazquez. She won going away by 3 3/4 lengths in 1:53 for the 1 1/8-mile distance over a sloppy track. R Lady Joy, a 5-1 shot, took second, while 7.50-1 shot Pleasant Chimes was another three lengths back in third. Spun Sugar paid $4.40 to win as the favorite.
Later that year, Spun Sugar placed second all three legs of New York's Triple Tiara. The three legs were all grade one stakes races that encompassed the Mother Goose at 1-1/8 miles (9 furlongs) and Coaching Club American Oaks at 1-1/4 miles (10 furlongs) at Belmont Park as well as the Alabama Stakes 1-1/4 miles (10 furlongs) at Saratoga.
Four-year-old season
Spun Sugar won the grade one Apple Blossom Handicap in 2006 over grade one winner Happy Ticket at 8.5 furlongs at Oaklawn Park. She also captured that year's grade one Go for Wand Handicap at 1-1/8 miles (9 furlongs) at Saratoga Race Course.
Retirement
Upon retirement, Spun Sugar was sold privately to Sheik Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum and Shadwell Estate. She currently resides at Shadwell Farm in Lexington, KY.
References
Pedigree & Partial Stats
2002 racehorse births
Thoroughbred family 9-b
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
Madison Area Technical College (Madison College) is a public technical and community college based in Madison, Wisconsin. It serves students in parts of 12 counties in south-central Wisconsin: Adams, Columbia, Dane, Dodge, Green, Iowa, Jefferson, Juneau, Marquette, Richland, Rock, and Sauk.
Campus locations include several throughout the city of Madison and four regional sites in the cities of Reedsburg, Watertown, Fort Atkinson, and Portage.
It is among the largest of the 16 schools in the Wisconsin Technical College System. Madison College had a total enrollment of 30,065 in the 2019 - 2020 academic year. According to the 2019 Graduate Report, 92% of students found a job within six months of graduation.
History
The college was founded in 1912 as the Madison Continuation School, providing vocational education, citizenship, and homemaking classes. In 1921, it moved into a building next to the former Madison Central High School in downtown Madison and became known as Madison Vocational School.
In response to the Great Depression, the Madison Vocational School created non-credit, continuing education courses in artisan crafts, such as millinery, woodworking, and chair-caning. During the 1942–43 academic year, courses met on the third shift to teach skills needed for wartime manufacturing jobs. In 1950 purchased a Baptist church building as an addition.
Starting in 1966, the college offered college-transfer and credit-bearing courses. In 1987, the primary campus shifted to a larger, east-side facility, built near the Truax Field Dane County Regional Airport.
In 2012, a state referendum funded physical updates at regional campuses and new construction at the Truax campus.
Nickname change
In 2010 the college began to refer to itself as "Madison College", in part to help end confusion with Milwaukee Area Technical College (also known as "MATC"). The official name of the school remains Madison Area Technical College.
Facilities upgrade
On November 2, 2010, 60 percent of voters supported the Madison College Smart Community Plan, a $133,770,000 plan for new facilities, renovations, and upgrades to meet the increasing demand for education and job training. Projects included in the plan were a Health Education Building, including a public clinic, dental hygiene clinic, and massage therapy clinic; a Protective Service Center; an emergency vehicle operations course; the Truax gateway, which contains a library, student achievement center, and enrollment center; and new classrooms, labs, and learning centers at the regional campuses in Fort Atkinson, Reedsburg, Portage, and Watertown.
In response to the need for accessible, quality higher education facilities and community gathering spaces in Madison's most underserved part of the city, Madison College opened its new Goodman South Campus in Fall 2019. This $23 million, state-of-the-art facility was funded largely by private donations.
Academics
The school offers more than 180 associate degrees and technical diploma programs, as well as trade apprenticeships and other certifications.
The Liberal Arts transfer program offers associate of arts and associate of sciences degrees that satisfy the first two years of general studies at some four-year institutions. Madison College has seven tailored liberal arts pre-majors designed for transfer. The University of Wisconsin--Madison is the school's largest transfer partner.
Madison College offers 11 areas of study:
Architecture & Engineering
Arts, Design & Humanities
Business
Construction, Manufacturing & Maintenance
Culinary, Hospitality & Fitness
Education & Social Sciences
Health Sciences
Information Technology
Law, Protective & Human Services
Science, Math and Natural Resources
Transportation
In addition to traditional, in-person, campus-based courses, the college offers degrees and courses in online and hybrid models.
Adult continuing education programs offer non-credit professional and personal development classes. In 2014, Madison College began to offer digital badges for learning.
Madison College welcomes students from diverse experiences:
High school students
International students
Returning students
Students with disabilities
Transfer students
Veterans
Regional students from outside of Madison
Financial aid and scholarships are available for students who need help paying for college.
Athletics
The Madison College Wolfpack is a member of the NJCAA Division III (North Central Community College Conference) for all sports except for Baseball & Softball (Division II).
Madison College Teams:
Men's Baseball, Basketball, Golf, Soccer
Women's Basketball, Soccer, Softball, Volleyball
Co-Ed Esports
Notable people
Robert Dwayne Gruss, Roman Catholic bishop
Steve Hilgenberg, Wisconsin State Assembly
Debi Laszewski, Professional female bodybuilder
Joe Parisi, Dane County Executive
References
External links
Official website
Wisconsin technical colleges
Education in Madison, Wisconsin
Educational institutions established in 1912
Education in Columbia County, Wisconsin
1912 establishments in Wisconsin
NJCAA athletics
Chester Simon Kallman (January 7, 1921 – January 18, 1975) was an American poet, librettist, and translator, best known for collaborating with W. H. Auden on opera librettos for Igor Stravinsky and other composers.
Life
Kallman was born in Brooklyn of Ashkenazi Jewish ancestry. He received his B.A. at Brooklyn College and his M.A. at the University of Michigan. He published three collections of poems, Storm at Castelfranco (1956), Absent and Present (1963), and The Sense of Occasion (1971). He lived most of his adult life in New York, spending his summers in Italy from 1948 through 1957 and in Austria from 1958 through 1974.
In 1963 he moved his winter home from New York to Athens, Greece. He died there of a heart attack on January 18, 1975, eleven days after his 54th birthday. Kallman had been the beneficiary of the entirety of Auden's estate, but himself died intestate, with the result that the estate was inherited by his next-of-kin, his father, Edward Kallman (1892–1986), a New York dentist in his eighties.
Career
Together with his lifelong friend (and sometime lover) W. H. Auden, Kallman wrote the libretto for Stravinsky's The Rake's Progress (1951). They also collaborated on two librettos for Hans Werner Henze, Elegy for Young Lovers (1961) and The Bassarids (1966), and on the libretto of Love's Labour's Lost (based on Shakespeare's play) for Nicolas Nabokov (1973). Additionally, they wrote the libretto "Delia, or, A Masque of Night" (1953), intended for Stravinsky but never set to music. They were commissioned to write the lyrics for Man of La Mancha, but Kallman did no work on the project, and the producers decided against using Auden's contributions.
Kallman was the sole author of the libretto of The Tuscan Players for Carlos Chávez (1953, first performed in 1957 as Panfilo and Lauretta).
He and Auden collaborated on a number of libretto translations, notably The Magic Flute (1956) and Don Giovanni (1961). Kallman also translated Verdi's Falstaff (1954), Monteverdi's The Coronation of Poppea (1954) and many other operas.
Bibliography
Poems
An Elegy (1951). New York: Tibor de Nagy Gallery. (pamphlet poem)
Storm at Castelfranco (1956). New York: Grove Press.
Absent and Present: poems (1963). Middletown: Wesleyan University Press.
The Sense of Occasion: poems (1971). New York: George Braziller.
Libretti
The Rake's Progress (1951, with W. H. Auden, for music by Igor Stravinsky) New York: Boosey & Hawkes.
Delia, or A masque of Night (1953, with W. H. Auden; published in Botteghe Oscure XII; never set to music)
Elegy for Young Lovers (1961, with W. H. Auden, for music by Hans Werner Henze). Mainz: B. Schott's Söhne.
Love Propitiated (pbd. 1963, for music by Carlos Chavez; first performed as Panfilo and Lauretta, 1957, then as Love Propitated, 1961). New York: Mills Music.
The Bassarids (1966, with W. H. Auden, for music by Hans Werner Henze). Mainz: B. Schott's Söhne.
Love's Labour's Lost (1973, with W. H. Auden, for music by Nicolas Nabokov). Berlin: Bote & Bock.
Translations (published)
Bluebeard's Castle (1952; translation of the libretto by Béla Balázs for the opera by Béla Bartók). New York: Boosey & Hawkes
Falstaff (1954; translation of the libretto of the opera by Arrigo Boito). New York: G. Ricordi.
The Magic Flute (1956, with W. H. Auden, translation of the libretto by Emanuel Schikaneder for an NBC Opera Theatre production of the opera by Mozart). New York: Random House.
Anne Boleyn (1959; translation of the libretto by Felice Romani for the opera by Donizetti). New York: G. Ricordi.
The Prize Fight (1959; translation of the libretto by Luciano Conosciani for Vieri Tosatti's opera Partita a Pugni). Milan: Ricordi.
Don Giovanni (1961, with W. H. Auden, translation of the libretto by Lorenzo da Ponte for an NBC Opera Theatre production of the opera by Mozart). New York: Schirmer.
The Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny, translation of the libretto by Bertolt Brecht for the opera by Kurt Weill. (pbd. 1976, with W. H. Auden). Boston: David Godine.
Arcifanfano, King of Fools (pbd. with a recording, 1992, with W. H. Auden, translation of the libretto by Carlo Goldoni for the opera by Carl Ditters von Dittersdorf).
Editions
An Elizabethan Song Book (1955, with W. H. Auden and Noah Greenberg). New York: Anchor Books.
References
Sources
Humphrey Carpenter, W. H. Auden: A Biography (1981).
W. H. Auden and Chester Kallman, Libretti and Other Dramatic Writings by W. H. Auden (1988), ed. by Edward Mendelson.
Dorothy J. Farnan, Auden in Love (1984)
Thekla Clark, Wystan and Chester (1995).
Richard Davenport-Hines, Auden (1996)
External links
W. H. Auden and Chester Kallman letters to Irving and Anne Weiss, 1940s-2000, held by the Henry W. and Albert A. Berg Collection of English and American Literature, New York Public Library.
1921 births
1975 deaths
20th-century American poets
American opera librettists
Brooklyn College alumni
American gay writers
Jewish American writers
LGBT Jews
American LGBT poets
Writers from Brooklyn
University of Michigan alumni
20th-century dramatists and playwrights
American male poets
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American Jews
20th-century LGBT people
Hwang Yea-baang () is a Taiwanese politician. He was the Secretary-General of the Examination Yuan.
Political careers
Hwang was promoted to be the secretary-general of Examination Yuan on 1 April 2010, succeeding Lin Shui-ji who resigned from the position due to health reasons. He was succeeded by Lee Jih-shyuan in August 2014.
References
Members of the Examination Yuan
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Cemal Metin Bulutoğluları (born September 2, 1960) is the mayor of the capital of Northern Cyprus, North Nicosia's Nicosia Turkish Municipality (Turkish: Lefkoşa). He was born in Nicosia. He lived his childhood in Ortaköy Marmara neighbourhood and graduated from the Nicosia Turkish High School in 1979. He graduated from Eastham College of Technology in England. Cemal Metin Bulutoğluları is married with two children. He speaks fluent English.
External links
Nicosia Turkish Municipality bio
1960 births
Living people
People from North Nicosia
Mayors of North Nicosia
Turkish Cypriot politicians
Turkish Cypriot expatriates in the United Kingdom
Ravindranath Lakshman de Alwis Wijesekera (; 14 March 1948 – 12 November 2021), popularly as Lakshman Wijesekara, was a Sri Lankan singer, composer, actor, director of advertising and teacher by profession. One of the most respected artists in Sri Lanka, Lakshman has excelled in both music and acting in a career spanned more than five decades.
Personal life
Wijesekara was born on 14 March 1948 to Walter Wijesekera and Daisy Wijesekera. His father was once a student at Shanti Niketan and was a musician as well as a connoisseur. He was a regular public servant in the local government service and could not continue in his music career. According to his father's job, Lakshman had to move from place to place in Sri Lanka from 5 years where he attended several schools. He took his primary education from Anuradhapura Central College and later at Maliyadeva College, Kurunegala.
He was married to fellow actress Chandra Kaluarachchi in 1975 and they had one daughter: Ama and one son: Vihanga. Kaluarachchi was born on 6 April 1943 and died on 1 November 2019 at the age of 76. His daughter Ama is also an award winning actress in Sinhala cinema best known for the roles in the films Loku Duwa, Duwata Mawaka Misa and Irasma. Ama is married to Wimal Katipearachchi, a veteran journalist, literary figure and poet.
He died on 12 November 2021 at the age of 73 while receiving treatment at the Kotelawala Defense University Hospital. His remains were laid at his residence: 140/31 S, Kalapura Templers Road, Mount Lavinia. His last rites were held on 14 November 2021 at the Mt. Lavinia public cemetery.
Career
During his life at Maliyadeva College, Wijesekara studied music from the school teacher K. M. Dayapala. With his guidance and training, Lakshman entered the Government Conservatory in 1968. Then he graduated from the Government College of Music (Haywood). While studying at the Government College of Music, Lakshman had the opportunity to associate with renowned musicians as well as join their programs and sing ensembles. In 1975, he graduated as a radio singer from Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation. In the same year, he performed his first simple song program and sang the first song "Ai Tharahin".
Then he made his first appointment as a music teacher at Anuradhapura Central College. He continued to work as a teacher for 18 years from 1975 to 1993 in many schools across the island including Isipathana College, and DS Senanayake College, Colombo. After resigned from teaching, he joined his contemporary musicians Rohana Weerasinghe and Ananda Weerasiri at the College of Music and started a music resort called Kalabhumi. In the preceding years, he sang many popular hits and duets such as: "Bala Lamawarune", "Delwoo Pahan", "Sina Pipena", "Supem Hengum", "Sanda Kinith Nemi". The song "Delwoo Pahan" was sung by him along with Chandralekha Perera for the teledrama Rekha directed by D. B. Nihalsinghe.
Apart from music, he worked as an actor in television and cinema. His film debut came through 1999 film Pinyarayanga directed by Amaranath Jayatilleke. Then he acted in the films Yuvathipathi, and Athuru Mithuru. Meanwhile he entered television serials and made the landmark role of "Nissanka" in the romantic drama serial Ganga Saha Nissanka, where he also made the duet "Sina Pipena Me Wasanthaya" with Samitha Mudunkotuwa. Then he acted in few teledramas such as Rekha, Ira Paaya and Dath Kekulu Paala. In the 1980s, he became a television music presenter with the children's program Gaayana. Then he presented the programs: Ranpat Raṭā, Bakmahē Mal Mangallē, Gama Hinā Vuṇā.
He was the music director of P.U.D Perera's short films Sinḍarellā gē Sereppuva, and Sudu Aethāgē Kathāva. Apart from that, he directed music for the television serials such as: Bumuthuruna, Himi Ahimi, Mawakage Geetha, Manamali, Vilambeetha, Dangayanta Pamanai and Tikiri Saha Ungi. In the meantime, he engaged with many theatre plays as the music director, including: Sapathēru Hāminē, Jayalath Manorathne's Puthra Samāgama, Neil Alles' Sihina Saāppuva, Bandula Vithanage's' Senehebara Dolly. In 1985, he won the State Award for Best Musical for the play Sihina Saāppuva. He also performed on stage when he sang on stage as a singer in the Jayathurapura Choir in Prof. Sarachchandra's Wessanthara Geethanga.
On 17 March 2018, he performed the concert titled 'Sanda Kinithi Nemi' at 7.00 pm at the Nelum Pokuna Theater to celebrate his four decades of artistic career.
Politics
Apart from drama and music, Wijesekara made notable contributions in politics as well. After the formation of the Free Arts Alliance against the then tyrannical rule in 1994, he joined the public awareness campaigns throughout the island. Later in 2014, he made another notable feat to dismiss the rule of current government at that time. In that year, a group of artists from the "New Generation of Young Artists" organization left for Kurunegala. On the afternoon of 29 December, they were attacked by a group of North Western Provincial Councilor Kamal Indika and members of the Blue Brigade wearing T-shirts while performing a musical show titled Mulawen Midemu at Kumbukgate Junction in Kurunegala. The group included Lakshman, Samanalee Fonseka, Kasun Kalhara, Indrachapa Liyanage, Ama Wijesekera, and Mohan Raj Madawala.
References
External links
Lakshman Wijesekara songs
1948 births
2021 deaths
20th-century Sri Lankan male singers
Sinhalese singers
21st-century Sri Lankan male singers
Sri Lankan musicians
Sri Lankan male actors
Sri Lankan television actors
Sri Lankan television presenters
Sri Lankan singers
The H. P. Page House is a historic house located in Newton, Massachusetts.
Description and history
The -story wood-frame house was built c. 1850, and is a detailed example of a Greek Revival workers' cottage. The gable end is pedimented, and an entablature wraps around the house, supported by corner pilasters. The main entrance is flanked by sidelight windows and panelled pilasters, and topped by antransom window and entablature.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 4, 1986.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Newton, Massachusetts
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Newton, Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1850
Greek Revival houses in Massachusetts
Striped manakin refers to birds that are now recognized as two distinct species:
Kinglet manakin (Machaeropterus regulus)
Striolated manakin (Machaeropterus striolatus)
Birds by common name
Hannelore Brenner (born 21 June 1963) is a German Paralympian dressage equestrian athlete.
Life
Brenner was born in Lüneburg in 1963. She was a keen horse rider until a severe fall left her paraplegic.
Brenner took up horse riding again for leisure but then turned to competition. At the Athens Paralympics she took the Silver medal for Individual Freestyle. In 2008 in Beijing she took a Gold medal in both the Individual and the Individual Freestyle as well as gaining a team silver medal. In 2010 at the World Championships she again took Gold in both the Individual and the Individual Freestyle.
At the paralympics in London in 2012 she again won two gold medals and a team silver riding her horse Women of the World.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
People from Lüneburg
Paralympic equestrians of Germany
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Equestrians at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Equestrians at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Equestrians at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Paralympic gold medalists for Germany
Paralympic silver medalists for Germany
Paralympic medalists in equestrian
Sportspeople from Lower Saxony
Susan Clark was the first woman to sail as captain for SeaRiver Maritime Inc., the first woman to join Portland's Marine Society (in 2005), and the first female harbor pilot in Maine. She died of cancer in 2012 at age 48, and Maine Maritime Academy named a navigation training ship in her honor in 2013, which was the first time the Academy named such a ship for a woman.
Clark was valedictorian and class president at Skowhegan Area High School. She graduated from Maine Maritime Academy first in her class in 1985 and served as a trustee from 2002-2007. She also attended Seton Hall and graduated from the University Maine School of Law in 1992. She received her pilot's license in 2001 and worked for Portland Pilots Inc. since then, piloting ships into Boston Harbor.
References
American sailors
Sea captains
2012 deaths
Skowhegan Area High School alumni
México >> Madrid: En Directo y Sin Escalas is the fourteenth album recorded by Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández, a concert made on June 22, 2005 in "El Nuevo Palacio de Congresos" in Madrid, Spain. A spectacular production that counted on the participation of more than 28 musicians in which Alejandro interpreted his biggest successes. Some of the most outstanding moments were the duets with Amaia Montero (from La Oreja de Van Gogh), the Spanish singer Malú and Diego "El Cigala". In words of the same Alejandro: "An unforgettable, very intimate, magical and special concert".
Track listing
CD
Obertura/ Canta corazón (Gian Marco) – 5:06
Abrázame (Rafael Ferro García, Julio Iglesias) – 5:23
Me dediqué a perderte (dueto con Amaia) (Leonel García) – 4:08
Popurrí Juan Gabriel (Juan Gabriel) – 8:04
To-do (Leonel García) – 3:39
Tantita pena (Kiko Campos, Fernando Riba) – 4:58
Como yo te amé (Armando Manzanero) – 3:54
Contigo aprendí (dueto con Malú) (Armando Manzanero) – 5:14
Qué voy a hacer con mi amor (Luis Carlos Monroy, Raúl Ornelas) – 5:04
Como quien pierde una estrella (dueto con Diego "El Cigala") (Humberto Estrada) – 5:46
El rey (José Alfredo Jiménez) – 2:40
México lindo y querido (Chucho Monge) – 4:05
Para vivir (Versión Acústica) (Kike Santander) – 4:53
DVD
Obertura/ Canta corazón
Abrázame
Me dediqué a perderte (dueto con Amaia)
Popurrí Juan Gabriel
To-do
Tantita pena
Como yo te amé
Contigo aprendí (dueto con Malú)
Granada
Qué voy a hacer con mi amor
Como quien pierde una estrella (dueto con Diego "El Cigala")
El rey
México lindo y querido
Charts
Album
Singles
Sales and certifications
References
Alejandro Fernández live albums
2005 live albums
2005 video albums
Live video albums
Spanish-language live albums
Talwan is the biggest village in Punjab near the city of Nurmahal. Nurmahal is a sub tehsil in the district Jalandhar in the Indian state of Punjab.
Talwan town situated on the bank shore of Sutlej river that is the longest of the five rivers that flow through the historic crossroads region of Punjab in northern India and Pakistan. Talwan lies on the Jalandhar-Nurmahal-Talwan Major District Road 82 (MDR 82) of Punjab. The development block for Talwan is Nurmahal.
The nearest railway station to Talwan is Nurmahal railway station at a distance of 8 km. Talwan falls into Dhagara(village)
Notable people from Talwan
Swami Shraddhanand (Munshiram) who was a freedom fighter, social reformer and founder of Gurukul Kangri, was born in Talwan.
Pin Code & STD codes
Talwan's pin code & STD Code is 144039 & 01826 respectively.
References
3. Talwan village Website and other pages https://talwan.art.blog
Cities and towns in Jalandhar district
Venevere may refer to several places in Estonia:
Venevere, Lääne-Viru County, village in Estonia
Venevere, Viljandi County, village in Estonia
Sanjaranda is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 9,687 people in the ward, from 8,828 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
Noir is a Danish luxury fashion brand founded by designer Peter Ingwersen.
Introduction
Noir and the organic cotton brand, Illuminati II were both founded in 2005. In 2008 they launched the diffusion line Black Noir. The three brands are owned by the holding company Noir Illuminati II Holding.
Objective
The founding objective of Noir was to introduce socially conscious fashion to the current industry market.
Presentations and Exhibitions
Noir presents at Copenhagen Fashion Week, which is held every year in February and August. In 2009 and 2010, Noir won Ethical Brand of the Year at the DANSK Fashion Awards.
Noir has exhibited at Estethica, the eco-sustainable initiative by the British Fashion Council (BFC), at London Fashion Week.
References
Clothing brands
Clothing brands of Denmark
Clothing companies of Denmark
Clothing companies based in Copenhagen
Danish companies established in 2005
Fair trade brands
John Elmslie (1 October 1831 – 23 July 1907) was a Scottish minister who twice served as Moderator of the General Assembly for the Northern Assembly of New Zealand for the Free Church of Scotland (1872 and 1892).
Life
He was born at Southfield in Keig in Aberdeenshire on 1 October 1831 the son of Peter Elmslie a farmer, and his wife Kathrine Lawson.
He studied Divinity at Aberdeen University and the Free Church College in Aberdeen. He was ordained as a minister by the Free Church of Scotland in 1862 at Kennethmont in Aberdeenshire.
In 1866 he emigrated to New Zealand on the ship Caribou and settled in Wanganui. In 1872 he served as Moderator of the Presbyterian Church for North Island.
In 1876 he was translated to St Paul's Church in Christchurch; this was a breakaway congregation from St Andrew's Church (which has since been relocated and now belongs to Rangi Ruru Girls' School). The most prominent person of the breakaway congregation was John Anderson, the second Mayor of Christchurch (1868–69). Elmslie commissioned architect Samuel Farr to build a bigger and grander church—St Paul's Trinity Pacific Church—at a cost of £12000.
In 1890 Aberdeen University awarded him an honorary Doctor of Divinity.
In 1892 he served as Moderator – the highest position in his church.
He retired in 1903 and died in Christchurch on 23 July 1907. He is buried with his first wife in Addington Cemetery in Christchurch.
Family
In 1862 in Keig, he married Jessie Mitchell (1836–1878) a farmer's daughter, also of Keig, a long-term acquaintance since childhood. She died giving birth to their seventh child in 1878. In 1881, he married Jane Harper Anderson (1853–1936), the eldest daughter of John Anderson. He had two children by his second wife.
References
1831 births
1907 deaths
People from Aberdeenshire
People from Christchurch
Scottish emigrants to New Zealand
19th-century Ministers of the Free Church of Scotland
William Kemmey (21 July 1912 – 18 June 1987) was an English cricketer. Kemmey was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. He was born at Atcham, Shropshire.
Kemmey made his first-class debut for Northamptonshire against Sussex in the 1939 County Championship. He made four further first-class appearances that season, the last of which came against Worcestershire. In his five first-class matches, he scored 55 runs at an average of 6.87, with a high score of 18, while behind the stumps he took 4 catches and made 2 stumpings.
He died at Shrewsbury, Shropshire on 18 June 1987.
References
External links
William Kemmey at ESPNcricinfo
William Kemmey at CricketArchive
1912 births
1987 deaths
Sportspeople from Shropshire
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Wicket-keepers
A satellite router is an Indoor Unit (IDU) that contains a modulator and a demodulator and is one of the essential components of a VSAT.
Training
Modern VSAT systems utilize a satellite router. Best practice methods for using a satellite router are contained in VSAT training:
The VSAT Installation Manual Video Presentation shows an example of a satellite router
Satellite Internet access
Bob Spitulski (born September 10, 1969) is a former professional American football linebacker for the Seattle Seahawks and the St. Louis Rams in the National Football League.
Spitulski attended the University of Central Florida and was selected in the third round of the 1992 NFL Draft by the Seattle Seahawks.
References
1969 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Toledo, Ohio
St. Louis Rams players
Seattle Seahawks players
UCF Knights football players
American football linebackers
Bishop Moore High School alumni
The ACC women's soccer tournament is the conference championship tournament in soccer for the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). The tournament has been held every year since 1988. It is a single-elimination tournament and seeding is based on regular season records. The winner, declared conference champion, receives the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Division I women's soccer championship. Historically, there have been eight teams to qualify for the tournament. However between 2014 and 2016, the tournament was reduced to 4 teams from the usual 8 teams.
Champions
Key
By year
Source:
By school
Pre-tournament champions
Prior to 1988, the champion was determined based on regular season play.
References
NCAA Division I women's soccer conference tournaments
In the Manner of Sherlock Holmes (French: À la manière de Sherlock Holmes) is a 1956 French crime film directed by Henri Lepage and starring Henri Vilbert, Claude Sylvain and Michel Ardan.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Raymond Nègre.
Synopsis
A Parisian businessman travelling in Rouen is implicated in a case of theft and murder.
Cast
Henri Vilbert as Henri Lombard
Claude Sylvain as Viviane Deroches
Michel Ardan as Louis Gamay
Robert Dalban as Commissaire Sanois
Jean-Pierre Kérien as Marval
Jacques Dynam as Assistant
Georgette Anys as La femme de ménage
Charles Lemontier as Leblond
Paul Lambret as Chan
Charles Rigoulot as l'inspecteur Barbier
References
Bibliography
Palmer, Tim. Tales of the Underworld: Jean-Pierre Melville and the 1950s French Cinema. University of Wisconsin-Madison, 2003.
External links
1956 films
1956 crime films
French crime films
1950s French-language films
Films directed by Henri Lepage
Films set in Normandy
1950s French films
KSJI (91.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian Contemporary format. Licensed to St. Joseph, Missouri, the station is an owned and operated affiliate of Spirit FM, a network of 22 Christian music stations all over Missouri.
References
External links
Contemporary Christian radio stations in the United States
SJI
SJI
The 2010 Kyoto Sanga F.C. season was the 11th season of the club in J. League Division 1.
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Kyoto Sanga F.C.
Kyoto Sanga FC seasons
Emily Kate Simpkins (born 25 May 1990) is an English footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Charlton Athletic in the FA Women's Championship.
References
External links
Doncaster Rovers Belles player profile
Living people
English women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
Women's association football defenders
1990 births
Sportspeople from Burton upon Trent
Women's Super League players
Birmingham City W.F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers Belles L.F.C. players
FA Women's National League players
Leicester City W.F.C. players
Nottingham Forest Women F.C. players
Brighton & Hove Albion W.F.C. players
Jeppe Mehl (born 21 September 1986) is a Danish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Danish 2nd Division club Holstebro Boldklub.
Career
On 20 April 2018, it was confirmed that Mehl would return to Thisted FC for the 2018–19 season after playing multiple years in the higher Danish divisions for Esbjerg fB and AC Horsens . Mehl was promoted to playing assistant manager at the end of June 2019 for the upcoming season.
In June 2020, Mehl moved to fourth-tier Denmark Series club Holstebro Boldklub, who he helped to promotion to the third tier in his first months at the club after play-offs against Silkeborg KFUM.
References
External links
Career statistics at Danmarks Radio
1986 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Thisted FC players
Esbjerg fB players
AC Horsens players
Danish Superliga players
Association football midfielders
People from Thisted
Danish 1st Division players
Danish 2nd Division players
Holstebro BK players
Sportspeople from the North Jutland Region
Millfield is a town in the City of Cessnock municipality of New South Wales. It had a population of 1,006 as of the .
Millfield contains a general store and the historic Rising Sun Inn, which now operates as a museum.
Millfield Public School opened in 1868. The school had an enrolment of 62 students in 2015. A second school in Millfield, Crawfordville Public School, operated from 1929 to 1970.
Millfield Post Office opened in 1854.
St Luke's Anglican Church was built in 1880. It was flagged for potential closure and sale in June 2018 as part of a diocese plan to raise funds for redress of survivors of child sexual abuse, with services to be consolidated with St John's Church in Cessnock. The church had absorbed the congregation of St. Thomas's at Ellalong when that church closed in 2014.
Millfield Cemetery, located in Hayes Road, is managed by the Cessnock City Council.
A new 100-lot residential development, the Rosehill Estate, was released for sale in May 2017. The development was controversial: the original plan for 700 houses did not go ahead, and 500 residents signed a petition against the revised plan on the grounds of overdevelopment of the historic village; however, the rezoning was approved in 2014, with a subsequent council rescission motion lost by one vote. A further 222-block development is proposed off Mount View Road. This has also been the source of controversy, as residents have protested that it could almost double the population of the village.
Heritage listings
Millfield has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
95-97 Wollombi Road: Rising Sun Inn
15-29 Bennett Street , Crawfordville School
References
Suburbs of City of Cessnock
Towns in the Hunter Region
Villa Martelli town in the Partido of Vicente Lopez, in the Greater Buenos Aires metro area.
History
The first recorded settlement in the area occurred on May 6, 1910, and the town was officially recognized by the Provincial Legislature on July 27, 1964. The Villa Martelli Army Barracks were the site of a military mutiny in 1988 by a right-wing Carapintadas faction led by Col. Mohamed Alí Seineldín. The barracks were later closed, and in 2011, a portion of the extensive lot became the site of the Tecnópolis exposition fairground.
External links
Ward of Villa Martelli
Searching Villa Martelli
References
Vicente López Partido
Populated places in Buenos Aires Province
Populated places established in 1964
Punata Municipality is the first municipal section of the Punata Province in the Cochabamba Department, Bolivia. Its capital is Punata. At the time of census 2001 the municipality had 26,140 inhabitants.
Cantons
The municipality consists of only one canton, Punata Canton. It is identical to the municipality.
Government
The government of Punata Municipality is divided into the executive and legislative branches. The Mayor of Punata is the head of the city government, elected for a term of five years by general election. The legislative branch consists of the Municipal Council, which elects a President, Vice President and Secretary from a group of seven members.
The current mayor of Punata is Leticia Camacho, who has served in that post on an interim basis, since the removal of Víctor Balderrama, who won both of the previous two elections. Balderrama, of the Insurgente Martín Uchu party, was suspended under indictment for aggravated rape of a minor on August 10, 2010 (for which he was convicted September 2011), and resigned to resign to allow new elections. A special election for mayor was scheduled to be held on 13 January 2013.
Víctor Balderrama Arias won a strong majority of 74% in the 4 April 2010 elections and his party, Insurgente Martín Uchu, controls five of the seven council seats.
References
[http://obd.descentralizacion.gov.bo/municipal/fichas/ ''Observatorio Bolivia Democrático''] (Spanish)
External links
Map of Punata Province
Municipalities of the Cochabamba Department
Palasport Primo Carnera is an indoor sporting arena located in Udine, Italy. The capacity of the arena is 3,850 people. It is currently home of the APU Udine basketball team. It is named after former world heavyweight boxing champion Primo Carnera, who was born in Sequals, near Udine.
The Palasport Primo Carnera will host many games of the 2017 FIBA Under-19 Women's Basketball World Cup, including the final.
References
Indoor arenas in Italy
Basketball venues in Italy
Buildings and structures in Udine
Sports venues in Friuli-Venezia Giulia
The Little River Reservoir is located in Durham, North Carolina, United States, and is one of the main sources of drinking water for the town.
The reservoir was created by a dam completed in 1988.
It hosts a city park that offers fishing facilities including boat, canoe, and kayak rentals, along with picnic tables and restrooms. Private boats are not permitted on the reservoir.
Current and historic reservoir water levels can be found below.
In cooperation with Raleigh, Wake Forest, Wendell, and Zebulon in North Carolina, Wake County NC is also planning a reservoir on the Little River. The project has been postponed for environmental study.
References
Reservoirs in North Carolina
Protected areas of Durham County, North Carolina
Bodies of water of Durham County, North Carolina
Arezumandeh (, also Romanized as Ārezūmandeh; also known as Arzmandeh, Ārezūmand, and Arzmandi) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 21 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Sheikhupur is a village in Kapurthala. Kapurthala is a district of Punjab in India.
About
Sheikhupur is almost 3 km from Kapurthala. The nearest railway station from Sheikhupur is Kapurthala railway station.
Post Code & STD Code
Sheikhupur has its own post office. Its Post Code and STD Code are 144620 & 01822 respectively.
The Rail Coach Factory is 4 km from Sheikhupur and 7–8 km from Kapurthala. RCF is the biggest factory in Asia. This village is famous for Mata Bhadra Kali temple. Every year a big festival called "mela" is held here in May/June.
References
Kapurthala
Villages in Kapurthala district
Stach may refer to:
Stach (surname)
Stach Konwa (died c. 1734), legendary Polish hero
93256 Stach, an asteroid
See also
Stas (disambiguation)
Stash (disambiguation)
"Stach Stach", a 2002 song by Michael Youn and his band Bratisla Boys
is a railway station on the Himi Line in the city of Takaoka, Toyama Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Etchū-Nakagawa Station is served by the Himi Line, and is located 1.7 kilometers from the opposing end of the line at .
Station layout
The station has a single side platform, serving a single bi-directional track. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 1 April 1916 as Nakagawa Station. It was renamed to its present name on 1 September 1920. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR West.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 1234 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Takaoka City Hall
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Toyama Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1916
Himi Line
Takaoka, Toyama
Al Ruscio (June 2, 1924 – November 12, 2013) was an American character actor who appeared in numerous television shows and films.
Early life
Ruscio was born in Salem, Massachusetts on June 2, 1924. He graduated from Salem High School, after graduating from college he moved to New York City. During World War II, Ruscio served in the United States Army Air Corps.
Career
Ruscio trained for two years at The Neighborhood Playhouse School for the Theater. He played many roles in New York and in summer stock, including co-starring with Steve McQueen and Kim Stanley among others. His first work in live television came in New York City. He moved to Los Angeles in 1958. His first role there was Tony in Al Capone with Rod Steiger (1958). He then appeared in many television shows including Gunsmoke (1958), 77 Sunset Strip (1959), Bonanza (1960–1961), and in Peter Gunn (1961).
He also acted in soap operas including Port Charles, Days of Our Lives and Santa Barbara as R. J. Bentson. Ruscio made repeated guest appearances on The Lawless Years, The Untouchables, The Rockford Files, Lou Grant, Barney Miller, Hill Street Blues, and 7th Heaven. He also had recurring roles on Falcon Crest, Scarecrow and Mrs. King, Life Goes On, and Manhattan, AZ. Although typically cast in guest spots, Ruscio has co-starred in three short-lived series: Shannon (1981–1982, starring Kevin Dobson), Steambath (1983), and Joe's Life (1993).
In addition to television work, Ruscio had roles in several films including Any Which Way You Can (1980) with Clint Eastwood, Jagged Edge (1985) starring Glenn Close and Jeff Bridges, The Godfather Part III (1990), Guilty by Suspicion (1991) with Robert De Niro, Showgirls (1995) and The Phantom (1996).
Later years and death
In the 1960s Ruscio left Los Angeles to create the drama department at the newly formed Midwestern College in Denison, Iowa. After five years there he moved to Windsor, Ontario, Canada, where he was professor of acting at the University of Windsor. From there he was invited to serve as artistic director of the Academy of Dramatic Art at Oakland University, where his wife also taught acting. They moved back to Los Angeles in 1975 where they resumed their acting and teaching careers.
Ruscio wrote a book, So Therefore …: A Practical Guide for Actors, which was published in 2012.
Ruscio married Kate Williamson in 1954, and they had four children together: Elizabeth, Michael, Maria and Nina; all of whom except Maria are also involved in show business. The couple remained married until Ruscio's death in November 2013; Williamson died one month later, on December 6, 2013.
Filmography
References
Obituary – Hollywood Reporter
External links
1924 births
2013 deaths
Male actors from Massachusetts
American male film actors
American male soap opera actors
American male television actors
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Hollywood Hills)
People from Salem, Massachusetts
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre alumni
University of Windsor faculty
Oakland University faculty
Salem High School (Massachusetts) alumni
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
Meleager ( Meleagros; died 323 BC) was a Macedonian officer who served under Alexander the Great. He was among the generals that accompanied the king in his quest to conquer Asia Minor, and was one of the most experienced among them. The only military figure who was more experienced than Meleager was the Macedonian general Antipater, who remained in Macedon during Alexander's entire Asian campaign.
Career
Meleager, son of Neoptolemus, is first mentioned in the war against the Getae in 335 BC. At the Battle of the Granicus in the following year, he commanded one of the divisions of the phalanx, a post which he continued to hold throughout Alexander's campaigns in Asia. He was appointed, together with Coenus and Ptolemy, the son of Seleucus, to command the newly married troops who were sent home from Caria to spend the winter in Macedon, and rejoined Alexander at Gordium during the following summer.
Meleager was present at the Battles of Issus and Gaugamela, and was associated with Craterus in the task of dislodging the enemy who guarded the passes into Persia. He took part in the passage of the Hydaspes and in various other operations in India.
Despite a long series of services, Alexander did not promote Meleager to any higher position, nor did Meleager take part in any separate command of importance. There are accounts that suggest that the two did not get along or at least had a history of disagreements. For instance, when Alexander gave gifts to the Indian prince Taxiles, Meleager was recorded to have quipped bitterly that it was a pity for the king to travel all the way to India only to give a man such lavish rewards with Alexander retorting that envious men only hurt themselves.
Politics and death
After the death of Alexander in 323 BC, Meleager was the first to propose in the council of officers, that either Arrhidaeus or Heracles, the son of Barsine, should at once be chosen as king, rather than waiting to see if the pregnant Roxana would bear a son. There are sources who suggest that this proposal was motivated by a desire to install a king who was a Macedonian instead of one who had Persian roots or Persian sympathies. The Roman historian Justin, for instance, stated that Meleager was quoted saying: "It was unlawful that kings should be chosen for the Macedonians from the blood of those kingdoms they had overthrown." The Roman historian, Curtius, states that Meleager broke out into violent invectives against the ambition of Perdiccas and then abruptly quit the assembly in order to encourage the soldiery to express their opposition against Perdiccas. The Greek historian, Diodorus, states that Meleager was sent by the assembled generals to appease the clamours and discontent of the troops, but instead of doing so, he joined the mutineers.
Meleager assumed the leadership of the opposition to Perdiccas and his party and placed himself at the head of the infantry, who had declared themselves (possibly at his instigation) in favour of the claims of Arrhidaeus to the vacant throne. Meleager ordered the execution of Perdiccas, but the implementation of this instruction was nullified by the boldness of the regent. The greater part of the cavalry, together with almost all the generals, sided with Perdiccas, and leaving Babylon, established themselves in a separate camp outside the walls of the city. A reconciliation between both sides was achieved, principally thanks to the intervention of Eumenes, and it was agreed that the royal authority should be divided between Arrhidaeus and the expected son of Roxana and that, in the meantime, Meleager should be associated with Perdiccas in the regency.
It was impossible that Meleager and Perdiccas could long continue on friendly terms, and Meleager proved no match for Perdiccas. Perdiccas contrived to lull his rival into a false sense of security, while he made himself master of Philip Arrhidaeus. Then he struck the first blow. The whole army was assembled under the pretence of a general review. Then the king, at the instigation of Perdiccas, suddenly demanded the surrender and punishment of all the leaders of the recent disorders. The infantry were taken by surprise, with 300 of the alleged mutineers being singled out and executed. Although Meleager was not personally attacked, he fled and took refuge in a temple, where he was pursued and put to death on the orders of Perdiccas.
References
Smith, William (editor); Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology, "Meleager (1)", Boston, (1867)
Notes
4th-century BC Greek people
Generals of Alexander the Great
323 BC deaths
Year of birth unknown
Ünlükaya (formerly Narman and Kışlaköy) is a town in Erzurum Province, Turkey.
References
Erzurum
Towns in Turkey
Populated places in Erzurum Province
William Doan (April 4, 1792 – June 22, 1847) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1839 to 1843.
Biography
Born in the District of Maine (then a part of the state of Massachusetts), Doan attended the common schools.
He moved with his parents in 1812 to Ohio and settled near Lindale, Clermont County.
He studied medicine at New Richmond and commenced practice in 1818 at Withamsville, Clermont County.
He graduated from the Ohio Medical College at Cincinnati in 1827.
He served as member of the State house of representatives in 1831 and 1832.
He served in the State senate in 1833 and 1834.
Congress
Doan was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Congresses (March 4, 1839 – March 3, 1843).
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1842.
He resumed the practice of medicine.
Death
He died in Withamsville, Ohio, June 22, 1847.
He was interred in Union Township (Mount Moriah) Cemetery, Tobasco, Ohio.
Sources
1792 births
1847 deaths
People from Clermont County, Ohio
University of Cincinnati College of Medicine alumni
Physicians from Ohio
Ohio state senators
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Burials in Ohio
The Companion Animal Parasite Council (CAPC, commonly pronounced "Cap-Cee") is a non-profit organization (501c3) composed of practicing veterinarians, academic veterinary parasitologists, veterinary technicians, state public health veterinarians, and staff from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention who are dedicated to reducing the numbers of parasites in dogs and cats along with reducing the risk of transmitting these parasites and diseases to humans.
The group is sponsored mainly by industrial sponsors that are devoted to maintaining the health of pets through improved parasiticides and diagnostics that can be used by practitioners and clients in a safe and consumer-friendly manner.
Academic Veterinary Parasitologists
Dr. Byron Blagburn, Auburn University
Dr. Dwight D. Bowman, Cornell University
Dr. Michael Yabsley, University of Georgia
Dr. Heather Walden, University of Florida
Practitioners
Dr. Jay Stewart, Oregon
Dr. Craig Prior, Tennessee
Dr. Rick Marrinson, Florida
Dr. Scott Stevenson, Ontario
Public Health Veterinarian
Dr. Emilio DeBess, Oregon
Veterinary Technician
Holly Morss, Washington
Other Academics
Dr. Robert Lund, Clemson University
CDC Liaison
Dr. Patricia Wilkins, Georgia
Executive Director
Dr. Chris Carpenter
Recent publications include a series of articles on a number of diseases that impact both animals and people developed from a workshop composed of members of CAPC along with members of the American Association of Veterinary Parasitologists and the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention. The articles appeared in February 2010 in Trends in Parasitology. This series of articles discusses giardiasis, cryptosporidiosis, toxoplasmosis, toxocariasis, hookworms disease, dirofilariasis (heartworm), baylisascariasis, tick and flea transmitted zoonotic diseases affecting people and animals. Another publication on fleas and ticks that includes authors who are present and past CAPC members is "The Biology, Treatment, and Control of Flea and Tick Infestations."
References
Bibliography
Roger W Stich, I. Craig Prior, "Recommendations from the Companion Animal Parasite Council CANINE ARTHROPODS: MITES & TICKS", TODAY'S VETERINARY PRACTICE, March 2015, online.
Rebecca J. Straub, "Toward the formation of a Companion Animal Parasite Council for the Tropics (CAPCT)", Parasit Vectors. 2015; 8: 271., online
Further reading
External links
capcvet.org
Parasitology
Zoonoses
Dangerous Substances Act is an act for a chemical registry in Thailand and stipulates that the sale of any pesticides require registration. The latest revision came into force in August 2011.
Reception
Due to non-registration of 4 carcinogenic chemicals used on crops, vegetables with residues of methomyl, carbofuran, dicrotophos, and EPN were taken off supermarket shelves in July 2012. Furthermore, with an absence of local standards, in a local test of 7 supermarket vegetables sent to laboratories, European Union standards regarding pesticides were used, with coriander and chili in particular exceeding standards by a wide margin. Thailand mangoes are also subject to methomyl contamination, a banned substance in all developed nations, nevertheless includes exported mangoes to developed countries.
BioThai Foundation, a leading chemical firm, is pushing to have these chemicals listed on the registry, despite developed countries banning them, yet consumer groups in Thailand such as Foundation for Consumers is asking the Agriculture and Cooperative Ministry for a ban.
References
Thai legislation
Health in Thailand
Major Andre Andrews (1792–1834) was the second mayor of Buffalo, New York, serving 1833–1834. He was born at Cornwall, Connecticut on July 8, 1792, and named after Major John André. He studied law and became a lawyer, practicing in Middletown, Connecticut before moving to Buffalo about 1820. While at Middleton, he married Sarah Mehitabel Hosmer, granddaughter of General Samuel Holden Parsons. He amassed a property on which he built his home. His residence was located on the site now occupied by the Electric Tower.
In 1826 he was elected to his first political position as a Trustee of the Village of Buffalo. He held this position again in 1827. In 1829 he campaigned unsuccessfully, for a seat on the New York State Assembly. In 1830, he became a founding member of the first Bank of Buffalo, along with Benjamin Rathbun, Hiram Pratt, and William Ketchum, the latter two future mayors of Buffalo. During Mayor Johnson's first term, Andrews served on the Streets, Alleys, Canals and Ferries committee and the Police committee.
In 1833, the Common Council voted Major Andre Andrews Buffalo's second mayor. In 1834, cholera returned to Buffalo and, on August 18, 1834, claimed Mayor Andrews. Andrews is buried in Forest Lawn Cemetery.
References
1792 births
1834 deaths
Mayors of Buffalo, New York
Burials at Forest Lawn Cemetery (Buffalo)
Deaths from cholera
People from Cornwall, Connecticut
19th-century American politicians
was the 9th daimyō of Shibata Domain in Echigo Province, Japan (modern-day Niigata Prefecture). His courtesy title was Izumo-no-kami, and his Court rank was Junior Fifth Rank, Lower Grade.
Biography
Mizoguchi Naotoki was the grandson of Mizoguchi Naoatsu and was adopted by his uncle Mizoguchi Naoyasu as his successor in 1786. His mother was a daughter of Matsudaira Tadachika of Tatebayashi Domain. Due to his youth, Naoyasu continued to rue the domain from retirement. He was received in formal audience by Shōgun Tokugawa Ienari in 1788. However, in 1789, the domain was ordered to exchange 20,000 koku of its territories in Echigo Province with an equivalent kokudaka of territory scattered widely across three districts of Mutsu Province. Although the nominal kokudaka was the same, this discontiguous territories were remote, unimproved and this order was thus a tremendous financial burden on the domain. Naotoki died in Edo in 1802 at the age of 26. His grave is at the temple of Kisshō-ji in Tokyo.
Naoyasu was married to a daughter of Sagawa Nagahiro of Hitoyoshi Domain, and had 2 sons and 1 daughter.
See also
Mizoguchi clan
References
"Shibata-han" on Edo 300 HTML )
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia.
Tozama daimyo
1778 births
1802 deaths
Mizoguchi clan
People of Edo-period Japan
John Dunkley (10 December 1891 – 17 February 1947) was a self-taught Jamaican painter and sculptor. Though his fame is largely posthumous, he is considered one of the island's most significant artists. Dunkley's scenes are full of references to the unsettling political, economic and social conditions roiling colonial Jamaica in the 1930s and 1940s. The work reflects the racial tension, economic inequality and desire for self-government felt by Jamaicans and other Caribbean islanders. His creative output also coincided with the search for forms of "authentic" Jamaican expression that preceded the independence movement. Above all, though, Dunkley's oeuvre is a singular exploration of a complicated and often-dark personal and cultural identity.
He is associated with a group of Jamaican artists known as "The Intuitives". The group includes Mallica Reynolds, David Miller Senior, David Miller Junior, Everald Brown, David Pottinger and Albert Huie. His work is generally darker in tone, and has been described as sharing characteristics with Wifredo Lam's paintings. Some critics see commonality with the work of French Post-Impressionist Henri Rousseau.
Dunkley was deeply involved in the socio-political issues of his day, in particular the rampant racism that saw him become a pan-Africanist and an admirer of Marcus Garvey.
Early life
Dunkley's early life was filled with both adversity and adventure, which may account, in part, for his unique artistic vision. At the age of seven, an accident damaged one of his eyes, affecting his ability to learn in school. As a result, he was sent for by his father who was living in Panama. Upon arrival, the teen-aged Dunkley discovered his father had recently died and was buried the day before he landed.
Deprived of his father's wealth, Dunkley started earning his own livelihood. Like many of his impoverished black countrymen, he sought work throughout the Caribbean, stopping in Colón, Panama; Chiriqui, Panama; Costa Rica and Camaguey, Cuba. A banana plantation where he worked in Panama would later inspire a number of his paintings. He reportedly started out from Cuba for California to study dentistry when an armed upheaval took place. He lost all of his belongings, but was spared his life. According to his wife, Dunkley, who was a Freemason, sent out the Mason's distress signal, which was answered by a lodge member on a passing ship. Welcomed aboard, he signed on as a sailor, traveling to England, Scotland, North and South America and numerous other places. He may also have worked on the construction of the Panama Canal.
He returned to Chiriqui, where he set up a barbershop and started painting in his spare time, encouraged by Clarence Rock, a prominent Panamanian photographer. Sometime between 1926 and 1930, Dunkley returned to Jamaica, establishing his barbering business on lower Princess Street in Kingston. He covered the entirety of the shop's exterior with small painted signs depicting flowers, trees and vines. H. Delves Molesworth, then Secretary of the Institute of Jamaica, was attracted by the paintings. A key figure in the early Jamaican art movement, the young Englishman encouraged Dunkley to keep painting.
Later life and work
While continuing to ply his trade as a barber, Dunkley maintained his artistic pursuits. Active for little more than a decade before his early death, his output as a painter was small. Less than 50 paintings are known, but they reveal a unique and compelling aesthetic. There is no clearly discernible development in Dunkley's work. Anticipating impending fame, the artist kept his paintings and persisted in refining, even overworking, them.
Most of the paintings are imagined, surrealistic landscapes replete with hidden symbolism. The surfaces are delicate and tapestry-like. Fantastic vegetation, trees and shrubs with overblown flowers, are contrasted with bare truncated branches, in a way that encourages the viewer's understanding of them as phallic symbols. A preoccupation with the link between eroticism and death, the Freudian Eros/Thantos concept, is also in evidence. Small mammals, crabs, birds and often spiders with their complex webs, inhabit the gloomy woods. Human figures are rare, though human presence is implied by an occasional house painted in the distance or at the edge of a wood. Dunkley's most persistent motif is the pathway or road, which sometimes pushes through the vegetation to suggest great depth. In "Back to Nature" (circa 1939), the path, impressed with footprints, bifurcates to encircle a heart-shaped grave.
A distinct group of less claustrophobic paintings are thought to be his last. In "Lonely Road", "Springboard", "Woman Feeding Fish" and "Footbridge", the typically dense vegetation gives way to more expansive vistas and clearer skies. The backgrounds are white rather than grey. Far fewer elements populate the landscape. In some, the black outlines of sparse vegetation are silhouetted against the sky. Though less confined, the works are still disquieting. Surreal touches, such as the isolated platform in "Springboard", leaves pushing up through the cracks in "Feeding the Fishes" and the unstable support in "Footbridge" contribute to the sense of unease.
Dunkley was inspired occasionally by current events. There is a mixed media piece depicting boxer Joe Louis. In the "Good Shepherd" (circa 1938), populist politician Alexander Bustamante is shown gathering flocks of sheep, while in the distance a few straggly goats run away. When the Roosevelt administration built Vernam Field at Sandy Gully during World War II, Dunkley made a painting of the president. From a large piece of Lignum Vitae cut down for the military base, he carved a seated portrait of a proud Jamaican man and named him "Sandy Gully".
Dunkley's small body of sculptures, primarily wood-carvings, are less accomplished than his paintings. In addition to "Sandy Gully" (1940), notable works include "Old Joe", an intense portrait of a black man clasping his knees while bent in prayer, and "Acrobat", a mahogany carving of a man contorting himself with his head between his legs and beneath his posterior.
During his lifetime, Dunkley received some local recognition for his artwork as a result of group exhibitions. In 1938, a carving of a reindeer (since destroyed) won a prize at St. George's Exhibition in Kingston. The following year, Dunkley received a bronze medal for "notable contribution to the art of the world" at the New York World's Fair. Three works, "Back to Nature", "Jerboa" and "Pastures" were exhibited at the Institute of Jamaica's 1945 Survey of West Indian Painting, a show that also traveled to Canada. Four paintings including "Banana Plantation" were exhibited in London in 1946.
Dunkley was in failing health for many months prior to his death. He passed away at 55 years of age, probably from lung cancer, on 17 February 1947. His large funeral was attended by both rich and poor.
Posthumous fame
Following his death, Dunkley's reputation grew. In 1948, he was honored with a memorial exhibition at the Institute of Jamaica. In 1951, his painting "Jerboa" was shown at the First Caribbean Exhibition in San Juan, Puerto Rico. A retrospective of Dunkley's work, with fellow intuitive artist Henry Daley, was exhibited in 1960 at the Institute of Jamaica. In 1969, the painting "Diamond Wedding" was shown at "Art in Jamaica Since the Thirties" at Spelman College in Atlanta, Georgia. Dunkley was represented by two pieces, "Jerboa" and "Back to Nature" in the exhibition "Three Decades of Jamaican Painting" at Commonwealth Institute Art Gallery in London (1971). An exhibition of Dunkley's paintings and sculptures was held at the National Gallery of Jamaica, 9 December 1976 to 19 February 1977. With the resurrection of a fair percentage of his oeuvre in the retrospective and a subsequent permanent display of his work, Dunkley regained his position as a true Jamaican master.
From 26 May 2017 through 14 January 2018, the Pérez Art Museum Miami (PAMM) held the first major exhibition of Dunkley's work outside of his native country. The show was composed of forty-five works, paintings from the 1930s and 1940s, as well as rare carved wood and stone figures. The show, titled "John Dunkley: Neither Day nor Night", then traveled to the National Gallery of Jamaica, where it was on display from 29 April 2018 to 29 July 2018.
The National Gallery's version contained work not shown at PAMM that explored the themes of tourism, immigration and the emergence of cultural nationalism during Dunkley's lifetime. "Daylight Come…Picturing Dunkley's Jamaica" served as a complement to "John Dunkley: Neither Day nor Night." It included rare photographs, artifacts and film footage from the turn of the 20th century to the Jamaican Nationalist movement, providing further context to Dunkley's output.
"John Dunkley: Neither Day nor Night" was on display at the American Folk Art Museum from 30 October 2018 to 24 February 2019.
References
1891 births
1947 deaths
People from Westmoreland Parish
20th-century Jamaican painters
20th-century Jamaican sculptors
20th-century male artists
Outsider artists
The NIACE (National Institute of Adult Continuing Education) was an educational charity in England and Wales, with headquarters in Leicester and Cardiff plus a subsidiary office in London. The organization, founded in 1921 as the British Institute of Adult Education, was dedicated to advocating for and promoting adult learning. It was the main advocacy body for adult learning in England and Wales and probably the largest body devoted to adult education in the world.
On 1 January 2016 NIACE merged with the Centre for Economic and Social Inclusion to form a new organisation, the Learning and Work Institute.
Aim
The main aim of NIACE was to promote the study and general advancement of adult continuing education by improving the quality of opportunities available, by increasing the number of adults engaged in formal and informal learning, and by widening access for those communities under-represented in current provision. This was summed up by the words "more, better and different".
Methods
NIACE undertook this work through:
advocacy to national and local government, funding bodies, industry and providers of education and training;
collaboration with providers in all sectors of post-compulsory education and training; and through fostering progression routes for adults seeking to develop pathways as learners;
a commitment to supporting evaluation and monitoring and to high-quality service;
securing informed debate – through research, enquiry, publication and through arranging seminars and conferences;
effective networking – to ensure that lessons learned in one part of the system could be drawn on elsewhere;
ensuring that the best of international practice was available to its members and users;
a commitment to being itself a well-managed learning organization.
From 1988, Alan Tuckett OBE was the Director of NIACE.
The predecessor of Alan Tuckett was Arthur Stock. Its President from 2006 was David Sherlock CBE (former Chief Inspector of the Adult Learning Inspectorate), and before that Christine King (Vice Chancellor of Staffordshire University), and before that Richard Smethurst (Provost, Keble College, Oxford).
Merger to form Learning and Work Institute
With effect from 1 January 2016 NIACE merged with the Centre for Economic and Social Inclusion to form a new organisation, the Learning and Work Institute.
References
External links
Official site
Adult education in the United Kingdom
Education in Cardiff
Education in England
Education in Leicester
Education in Wales
Further education colleges in England
Further education colleges in Wales
Organizations established in 1921
Organisations based in Leicestershire
Organisations based in Cardiff
Eudendrium speciosum is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
References
Eudendrium
Animals described in 1945
Harry Glover (born 31 December 1995) is an English rugby union player. He has represented the England national rugby sevens team and plays for Stade Francais.
Early and personal life
London-born and educated at Rokeby School and Harrow School Glover represented Middlesex from U14 level through to the U18 side. He studied politics and economics at Newcastle University. His brother Will is also a rugby player who has represented England at Sevens rugby.
Rugby career
He played more than 30 matches for England in the HSBC World Rugby Sevens Series and won two bronzes and a silver medal. He was then selected for the 2018 Rugby World Cup Sevens in San Francisco where England would lose in the final to New Zealand. He played again for England Sevens in the 2019-20 season.
Glover joined US Carcassonne in 2021 to play in the Rugby Pro D2 league in France. In May 2021 he was announced as signing for Stade Français for the 2021-22 season to compete in the Top 14.
Harry is famed for his lengthy fingers that allow him to grip them balls firmly. Using this talent he scored the try of the tournament at the 2017 Cape Town 7s
References
1995 births
Living people
England international rugby sevens players
English rugby union players
Rugby sevens players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic rugby sevens players of Great Britain
Commonwealth Games medallists in rugby sevens
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Rugby sevens players at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Rugby union players from London
Recovery Boys is a 2018 documentary film directed by Elaine McMillion Sheldon. It revolves around four men as they try to reinvent their lives at Jacob's Ladder at Brookside Farm after years of drug abuse.
The film was released by Netflix on June 29, 2018.
Premise
Recovery Boys follows four residents (Jeff, Rush, Adam, and Ryan) during their time at Jacob's Ladder at Brookside Farm. Jacob's Ladder is a long-term residential recovery program for men, situated in a private farming community. The documentary shows the realities of addiction for both the men struggling with addiction and of their relatives.
Release
It was released on June 29, 2018 on Netflix streaming.
References
External links
2018 documentary films
2018 films
Netflix original documentary films
2010s English-language films
The Bulgaria national under-17 football team represents Bulgaria in football at an under-17 age level and is controlled by the Bulgarian Football Union, the governing body for football in Bulgaria.
Competition results
Champions Runners-Up Third Place/Semi-Finals Fourth Place Other Top Results
Balkan U-17 Championship
UEFA European U-16/U-17 Championship
{| class="wikitable"
|-
|- style="color:white;"
! style="width:70px; background:#00966E;"|Year
! style="width:100px; background:#00966E;"| Rank
|-
| 1982 || Did not qualify
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 1984 || Quarter-Finals-Did not qualify
|-
| 1985 || Group Stage
|-
| 1986 || Group Stage
|-
| 1987 || Group Stage
|-
| 1988 || Did not qualify
|-
| 1989 || Group Stage
|-
| 1990 || Did not qualify
|-
| 1991 || Group Stage
|-
| 1992 || Did not qualify
|-
| 1993 || Did not qualify
|-
| 1994 || Did not qualify
|-
| 1995 || Did not qualify
|-
| 1996 || Did not qualify
|-
| 1997 || Did not qualify
|-
| 1998 || Did not qualify
|-
| 1999 || Did not qualify
|-
| 2000 || Did not qualify
|-
| 2001 || Did not qualify
|-
| 2002 || Did not qualify
|-
| 2003 || Elite Round-Did not qualify
|-
| 2004 || Did not qualify
|-
| 2005 || Elite Round-Did not qualify
|-
| 2006 || Elite Round-Did not qualify
|-
| 2007 || Did not qualify
|-
| 2008 || Did not qualify
|-
| 2009 || Did not qualify
|-
| 2010 || Did not qualify
|-
| 2011 || Did not qualify
|-
| 2012 || Elite Round-Did not qualify
|-
| 2013 || Elite Round-Did not qualify
|-
| 2014 || Did not qualify
|-
|style="border: 3px solid red"| 2015 || Group Stage
|-
| 2016 || Elite Round-Did not qualify
|-
| 2017 || Did not qualify
|-
| 2018 || Did not qualify
|-
| 2019 || Did not qualify
|-
| 2020||rowspan=2 colspan=8|Cancelled due to COVID-19 pandemic|-
| 2021
|-
| 2022 || Group stage
|-
| 2023||rowspan=2 colspan=8|To be determined|-
| 2024
|-
|}
FIFA U-17 World Cup
Players
Current squad
Squad called up for the friendlies against Moldova on 22 and 24 March 2019.Caps and goals updated as of 16 October 2017 after the match against Azerbaijan.''
Recent call-ups
The following players have also been called up to the Bulgarian squad within the last 12 months and are still available for selection.
Notes
INJ Player withdrew from the squad due to an injury.
SUS Player withdrew from the squad due to a suspension.
See also
Bulgaria national under-18 football team
Bulgaria national under-19 football team
Bulgaria national under-21 football team
Bulgaria national football team
References
External links
Official website
European national under-17 association football teams
Bulgaria national football team
Youth football in Bulgaria
The Ganting Grand Mosque (Indonesian: Masjid Raya Ganting; also written and pronounced Gantiang in Minang) is a Sunni mosque located in Ganting, Padang, West Sumatra, Indonesia. Construction began in 1805, making it the oldest in Padang and one of the oldest in Indonesia. It is a Cultural Property of Indonesia.
The building, which involved persons from various cultural backgrounds in its construction, was the centre of an Islamic reform in the area during the 19th century. Future president Sukarno spent a time of exile at the mosque in 1942. It survived the tsunami which struck Padang following the 1833 Sumatra earthquake, but was severely damaged after earthquakes in 2005 and 2009.
The one-floor establishment continues to be used as a center for prayer, as well as religious education; it also functions as a pesantren for the community. The mosque is also a tourist attraction.
Early history
According to Abdul Baqir Zein, the mosque was first built in 1700 at the foot of Mount Padang, then moved to the bank of Batang Arau, as the Dutch colonial government intended to use the previous location to build a road to Emma Haven Port. It was later moved to its present location. However, the Indonesian Department of Religion documents the mosque as having been constructed in 1790 with a wooden frame and a roof made from Sago palms. According to this documentation, a sturdier mosque was built in 1805. Another history of the mosque, from the Culture and Tourism Department of the City of the Padang, suggests that the mosque was first constructed in 1805. The small mosque had stone flooring, wood and dirt walls, and a pyramidal ceiling like the mosques in Java.
The construction of the mosque was spearheaded by three local figures, Angku Gapuak (a rich merchant), Angku Syekh Haji Uma (the village chief), and Angku Syekh Kapalo Koto (an ulama), while the funds were provided by Minang businesspeople and ulamas throughout Sumatra. It was erected on waqf land donated by locals and located in the center of the city's Minang district. Construction of the mosque finished in 1810; it measured and had a fence out from the mosque.
Since its establishment, the mosque has been used to counsel future hajj participants. It also served as the first point of departure for hajj participants from Central Sumatra, who left Sumatra via Emma Haven after the port was opened in 1895. Before the end of the Padri War, in 1818 the Minang Ulamas held a meeting at Ganting to discuss the steps they would take to eliminate mysticism and superstition from Islam on the island.
In 1833 a large earthquake on the west coast of Sumatra struck up a tsunami which destroyed much of Padang. The mosque was one of several buildings which survived the tsunami. Its stone floor was later replaced by a mixture of clamshells and pumice.
Modern history
The floor had received work beginning in 1900, when tiles from the Netherlands, ordered through Jacobson van den Berg. The tiles were installed by a company-appointed worker; installation was completed in 1910. That year, the Dutch established a cement factory in Indarung, Padang. To transport the cement to the port at Emma Haven, the Dutch built a stone road in front of Ganting Grand Mosque; this road took up roughly a third of the waqf land the mosque had been built on. As compensation, the Dutch sent the Genie Command Corps of West Sumatra (an area that includes modern day West Sumatra and Tapanuli). The corps expanded the front chamber until it was in length; they also built a Portuguese style façade. The mosque's floor was replaced with cement imported from Germany. Meanwhile, ethnic Chinese under Captain Lo Chian Ko began working on an octagonal dome, resembling the top of a vihara. The mihrab for the imam to lead prayers and preach was given Chinese-style carvings. In 1921 Abdul Karim Amrullah established the Thawalib Schools in Padang mosques, including Ganting, to better educate the local populace in Islam. The alumni later established the Persatuan Muslim Indonesia (Permi), under the Masyumi Party. The mosque was the location of the first national jamboree of Muhammadiyah's scouting organisation, Hizbul Wathan, in 1932.
When the Japanese began occupying the Indies in 1942, Sukarno – at the time a Dutch prisoner in Bengkulu – was evacuated to Kutacane. However, once they reached Painan they discovered that the Japanese forces had already occupied Bukittinggi; this quashed hopes of bringing Sukarno to Barus in Tapanuli. The Dutch left Sukarno in Painan. Hizbul Wathan members, at the time based out of Ganting, went to retrieve Sukarno and bring him to Padang by cart. For several days after arriving in Padang, Sukarno slept at the mosque; he also delivered a speech. During the three-year Japanese occupation the mosque served as the military's headquarters in central and western Sumatra. It also functioned as a training camp for Gyugun and Heiho soldiers, military units formed by the Japanese which consisted of native soldiers; the Gyugun was formed by the ulamas, while the Heihos were taken from the santri.
After the Allies landed in Sumatra, many of the Muslim Indian soldiers brought by the English deserted and joined the native revolutionaries. They planned strategy in the mosque, including the assault on a British barracks. One of these Indian soldiers, who had died in the assault, was buried at the mosque. Since 1950, after Indonesia's independence was recognised, the Ganting Grand Mosque has hosted numerous statesmen from both Indonesia and abroad, including Vice President Mohammad Hatta, Minister of Defence Sultan Hamengkubuwana IX, and General Abdul Haris Nasution. Foreign dignitaries who have visited the mosque included people from Malaysia, Saudi Arabia, and Egypt.
Construction on the mosque has continued. In 1960 the mosque's 25 columns, originally constructed from brick, were covered in ceramic tiles; seven years later, this was followed seven years later by the construction of minarets on the left and right of the dome. In 1995, the walls of the main chamber were covered in tile.
On 10 April 2005 an aftershock measuring 6.7 on the Richter scale struck the west coast of Sumatra two weeks after a larger earthquake struck Nias. This caused crackage to the columns supporting the mosque's roof. Three years later, the Ganting Grand Mosque was one of 608 places of worship severely damaged when another large earthquake struck the area on 30 September 2009. The earthquake collapsed part of the mosque's façade and caused severe structural damage to the interior columns; as a result, the community feared that the mosque would collapse. Before renovations were completed in 2010, prayers had to be held in the yard. In 2011 the Ganting Grand Mosque was listed as one of Indonesia's 100 most beautiful mosques in a book compiled by Andalan Media. The only other mosque from West Sumatra included was Raya Bayur Mosque, Agam Regency.
Architecture
Ganting Grand Mosque is built on land measuring ; the mosque itself is . The building has verandas on its front and sites, a mihrab, and a central area. The extra land can hold more people during the Eid prayers, on both Eid ul-Fitr and Eid al-Adha. The courtyard is surrounded by an iron fence, separating it from the busy streets on the eastern and northern sides of the mosque. On the southern side, as well as behind the mosque proper, there are numerous graves, including that of Angku Syekh Haji Uma, one of the mosque's founders.
The architectural blend of numerous schools shows clearly because of the different cultural groups involved in the mosque's construction, including the architecture of Europe, the Middle East, China, and the Minangkabau. The mosque's roof goes upwards in five steps, with the dome at the top; the first step is square, while the rest are octagonal. Each part of the roof has slits in it for lighting.
Veranda
The mosque proper has two main verandas, at the façade and its side. Both verandas measure and have two doorways, one of which leads to the rooms for wudu located on the northern and southern sides of the mosque. On the western side of the mosque is a room (ribat) for its keeper, measuring . The ribat has a door facing east and a window measuring .
The forward veranda measures and has six doorways to the east and two each to the north and south; in each doorway hangs an iron grate door. Each of the east facing doorways is decorated with a pair of non-supporting columns. In the center of the veranda is the minbar, which juts out to the front and has an iron grate door. The minbar is only used during Eid prayers. Aside from the doors, the veranda has two windows with iron trellises, one each to the north and south.
On the eastern wall of the front veranda hangs a geometric carving created with square and rectangular panels. There are also arc designs which merge into ring and axehead shapes. The walls measure thick and high. Inside the veranda there are seven double iron-wrought cylindrical columns with a diameter of . These columns rest on concrete pedestals measuring . There are also two square columns on the northern and southern sides, near a central, octagonal room which has one doorway from the east and one window.
Main chamber
The main chamber is a square, with eight entrances on the east and due each on the north and south. The doors measure and have wooden doors with spread fan carvings on the threshold above. There are two windows with wooden frames on the eastern wall, flanking the doors, as well as three windows on both the north and south walls and eight on the west. These windows measure . As with the doors, the threshold above the windows is decorated with spread fan carvings. The walls are made of concrete covered in ceramic, while the floor is made of white tiles with a flower motif.
This main room includes 25 saka guru, or main columns. They are hexagonal in shape and with diameters ranging from . These columns are made of red brick and bound with egg whites, lacking any iron framework. The 25 columns are arranged in 5 rows, representing the 25 prophets in Islam. Each column is covered in marble engraved with the names of the prophets, from Adam to Muhammad. These columns are the main supports for the octagonal roof above.
On the western side of the room is a mihrab flanked by two smaller rooms on its north and south. The mihrab measures . It is tall on the east side and tall on the west side.
Other areas
The Ganting Grand Mosque Masjid has wudu chambers measuring on the north and south sides of the side verandas. These enclosed chambers were built as permanent structures in 1967. The mosque's library is in a structure on the northern side of the mosque, which is connected to the mosque proper. There are also three smaller structures on the grounds for the consultation of future hajj pilgrims. One of the structures was once part of the Thawalib school.
See also
Islam in Indonesia
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Mosques in Padang
Buildings and structures in West Sumatra
19th-century mosques
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1810
1810 establishments in Asia
Cultural Properties of Indonesia in West Sumatra
Dutch Colonial architecture in Indonesia
Ganting
Kimberly Navarro (born April 26, 1981) is an American former competitive ice dancer. With partner Brent Bommentre, she is the 2008 Four Continents bronze medalist and a two-time (2008 & 2009) U.S. national bronze medalist.
Personal life
Navarro was born on April 26, 1981 in Santa Rosa, California. In May 2004, she graduated cum laude from Columbia University. In May 2016, she married Mark Freeman in Ketchum, Idaho. Their daughter, Anna Granada Freeman, was born on May 6, 2017, in San Francisco.
Career
Navarro competed with Robert Shmalo early in her career.
Navarro teamed up with Brent Bommentre after a tryout in April 2005. They won the bronze medal at the 2008 U.S. Championships, and were chosen to represent the United States at the 2008 Four Continents, where they finished in 3rd, and the 2008 World Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden, where they were 12th. At the 2009 Nationals, Navarro/Bommentre again finished 3rd, but were left off the Worlds team in favor of Tanith Belbin / Benjamin Agosto, who had missed U.S. Nationals due to injury. They did compete at the 2009 Four Continents, where they finished in sixth place.
In the Olympic season, Navarro/Bommentre finished 4th at U.S. Nationals, and were not named to the Olympic team. When Belbin/Agosto ended their competitive career following the Olympics, they were selected to compete at the 2010 World Championships. They were 14th in their second Worlds appearance. Navarro/Bommentre announced their retirement from competition on May 11, 2010.
In 2011, Navarro joined the cast of Battle of the Blades for the show's third season, and was originally paired with the late Wade Belak. In the season-opening episode, Russ Courtnall was named as her partner.
Navarro/Bommentre perform with the Ice Theatre of New York and, in November 2012, they taped an appearance in an episode of Glee.
Programs
With Bommentre
With Shmalo
Results
GP: Grand Prix
With Bommentre
With Shmalo
With Tinney and Hart
References
External links
American female ice dancers
Living people
1981 births
Sportspeople from Santa Rosa, California
Battle of the Blades participants
Four Continents Figure Skating Championships medalists
Dancers from California
21st-century American women
Jonathan Peter Evans FRSA (born 2 June 1950) is a Welsh lawyer, businessman and former politician. He has been Chairman of the British Insurance Brokers Association since 1 January 2020.
After training as a solicitor, he was the Conservative Member of Parliament for Brecon and Radnorshire between 1992 and 1997, and then Member of the European Parliament for Wales between 1999 and 2009. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Cardiff North from the 2010 general election until the dissolution of the 55th Parliament on 30 March 2015.
Professional career
Born in Tredegar, Evans was educated at Lewis School, Pengam, Howardian High School, Cardiff and the Law Society's College of Law in Guildford and London. He trained with solicitors Leo Abse and Cohen in Cardiff from 1968 and joined the firm upon qualification in 1973 rising to Managing Partner in 1987. In 1997, he was appointed Director of Insurance in the City of London office of Eversheds, the major global law firm and remained a consultant to the practice until 2009. He has also acted as a consultant on London Insurance market issues to several major North American insurance corporations.
He is a former Deputy Chairman of the Welsh Housing Corporation (Tai Cymru). In 1995 he was appointed as a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts. From 1999 to 2009 he served on the Boards of NFU Mutual and Country Mutual Insurance Brokers. Between 2005 and 2009 he was Chairman of Pearl Group Limited, and between 2009 and 2016 he was non-executive chairman of the Phoenix Life insurance companies.
In April 2015 after stepping down as MP for Cardiff North, he became non-executive chairman of Allied World Managing Agency, which manages Lloyd's Syndicate 2232. He also joined the board of directors of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings.
In September 2015 he became a Freeman of the City of London.
He was presented with the Lifetime Achievement Award at the British Insurance Awards 2016 at the Royal Albert Hall on 6 July 2016.
In May 2018, he joined the Board of the British Insurance Brokers Association, and became Chairman in January 2020.
Political career
Evans first stood for Parliament at the age of 23. In February and October 1974 he was the Conservative Party candidate for the ultra-safe Labour seat of Ebbw Vale, losing to Michael Foot , later Leader of the Labour Party, on each occasion. In 1979 he fought Wolverhampton North East, securing one of the highest pro-Conservative swings in the UK but was beaten by Renee Short. He contested the 1987 general election in the marginal Brecon and Radnorshire constituency, but missed election by 56 votes to the sitting Liberal MP Richard Livsey. in the closest result of the 1987 election.
At the 1992 general election, he defeated Livsey (who was now a Liberal Democrat) by 130 votes in one of only three Conservative gains in the 1992 election and took his seat in the House of Commons. After two years in Parliament, he was appointed as a junior minister in the John Major government, serving as Parliamentary Secretary to the Lord Chancellor; Corporate Affairs Minister at the Department of Trade and Industry; and then serving under William Hague as Under Secretary of State for Wales from 1996 to 1997. However, at the 1997 general election the Liberal Democrats retook his seat. He consistently voted against same-sex marriage.
At the European Parliament election, 1999, Evans was elected as MEP for Wales, and he was re-elected at the 2004 Euro-elections. He was Leader of the Conservatives in the European Parliament from 2001 until 2004. From 2004 to 2009 he was President of the European Parliament Delegation for relations with the U.S. Congress and Co Chairman of the Transatlantic Legislators Dialogue. Following the decision of President Bush and Angela Merkel to set up the Transatlantic Economic Council, he became Chairman of the Council's Advisory Board. In August 2007, he was selected to fight the highly marginal seat of Cardiff North in the 2010 general election. Evans stood down from the European Parliament at the 2009 elections and was succeeded by Kay Swinburne, Evans subsequently won the Cardiff North seat with a majority of 194 votes. He became chairman of the Party Parliamentary Group on Wholesale Financial Markets and Services and of the All-Party Parliamentary group on Insurance and Financial services. He was also Chairman of the All Party Group for Mutuals and sponsored the Mutuals (Deferred Shares) Act 2015 through the House of Commons. He was MP for Cardiff North from May 2010 until March 2015.
Between 2006 and 2015 he was Chairman of the Association of Conservative Clubs. He was also Chairman of the Political Committee of the Carlton Club between 2013 and 2015.
He was Chairman of the Welsh Conservative Party from 2014 to 2017.
Personal life
Evans is married to Margaret, and has three children (Angharad, Rhianydd and Nicholas).
He is a supporter of Cardiff City Football Club and Cardiff Blues Rugby Club.
A Roman Catholic, he is a leading pro-life campaigner for the Society for the Protection of Unborn Children and launched their Welsh office in Cardiff in the 1990s. He has been a Vice President of the Catholic Union of Great Britain since 2001.
References
External links
1950 births
Living people
Welsh Roman Catholics
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for Welsh constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Cardiff constituencies
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 2010–2015
People from Tredegar
People educated at Lewis School, Pengam
Welsh Conservative MEPs
MEPs for Wales 1999–2004
MEPs for Wales 2004–2009
Politicians from Cardiff
Mary Frances Tarlton "Sissy" Farenthold (October 2, 1926 – September 26, 2021) was an American politician, attorney, activist, and educator. She was best known for her two campaigns for governor of Texas in 1972 and 1974, and for being placed in nomination for vice president of the United States, finishing second at the 1972 Democratic National Convention. She was elected as the first chair of the National Women's Political Caucus in 1973.
Early life and education
Mary Frances Tarlton was born in Corpus Christi, Texas, on October 2, 1926, the daughter of Catherine (Bluntzer) and Benjamin Dudley Tarlton, Jr., a district attorney. She was nicknamed "Sissy" as her slightly older brother could not yet pronounce the word sister. After attending the Hockaday School, Farenthold graduated from Vassar College in 1946. In 1949, she graduated from the University of Texas School of Law. She was one of only three women in a class of 800. Farenthold came from a line of lawyers and judges. Her grandfather, Judge Benjamin D. Tarlton Sr., served as chief justice of the Texas Court of Civil Appeals, a state legislator, professor at the University of Texas School of Law and as the namesake of the University of Texas School of Law Tarlton Law Library.
Career
Politics
Farenthold started her political career in 1968 when she was elected to represent Nueces and Kleberg counties in the Texas House of Representatives. She ran against Jack K. Pedigo of Corpus Christi, Texas, graduate of the University of Michigan Law School and World War II veteran. She was the only woman serving in the Texas House at the time. Senator Barbara Jordan was then the only woman serving in the Texas Senate. They co-sponsored the Equal Legal Rights Amendment to the Texas Constitution.
Farenthold was the third woman whose name was put into nomination for vice president of the United States at a major party's nominating convention. The first was Lena Springs, who was not a public official and whose 1924 nomination was a gesture of affection. The second was India Edwards in 1952, whose nomination was also a gesture of gratitude for her influence over Harry Truman. At the Democratic National Convention in 1972, Farenthold came in second to the presidential nominee's choice, U.S. Senator Thomas F. Eagleton of Missouri. She garnered more delegate votes (404.04) than Senator Mike Gravel of Alaska, Senator Birch Bayh of Indiana, and Governor Jimmy Carter of Georgia, among others.
In 1972 and 1974, she unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination for governor of Texas. She was defeated both times by Dolph Briscoe of Uvalde, who went on to win the general election each time. In 1973, she was elected as the first chair of the National Women's Political Caucus. She later served as president of Wells College in Aurora, New York, from 1976 to 1980.
Farenthold founded the Public Leadership Education Network in 1978 with key support for her vision from Ruth Mandel, who directed the Center for American Women and Politics, which is a part of the Eagleton Institute of Politics at Rutgers University and Betsey Wright, who headed the National Women's Education Fund. The organization was founded on Farenthold's proposal that women's colleges needed to work together to educate and prepare women for public leadership.
Human rights work
During her tenure at Wells, Farenthold expanded her work with women's groups and anti-nuclear, peace, and human rights groups. She was an active member of Helsinki Watch, the predecessor to the organization Human Rights Watch and Women's International League for Peace and Freedom.
Farenthold left Wells College in 1980 to return to Houston, where she opened a private law practice and taught law at the University of Houston. She also continued to devote significant time to the international women's movement and began a collaboration with her cousin, Genevieve Vaughan, that would last the next decade.
Farenthold and Vaughan organized the Peace Tent at the 1985 U.N. NGO Forum in Nairobi, Kenya, in conjunction with the third United Nations World Conference on Women. They also were founding members of Women For a Meaningful Summit, an ad hoc coalition of female leaders voicing concerns for nuclear disarmament at the Reagan–Gorbachev summits. Farenthold worked with the Institute for Policy Studies (IPS), a progressive multi-issue think tank devoted to peace, justice, and the environment. With IPS, Farenthold made trips to investigate human rights violations in Central America and Iraq.
She was an emeritus trustee for the Institute for Policy Studies and served on the advisory board of the Bernard and Audre Rapoport Center for Human Rights and Justice at the University of Texas. She also served as honorary director of the Rothko Chapel in Houston.
Personal life
She married George Farenthold (1915–2000) in 1950 and divorced him in 1985. They had five children: Dudley (born 1951), George Jr. (born 1952), Emilie (born 1954), and twins Vincent Bluntzer Tarlton (1956–1960) and James Robert Dougherty (born 1956; disappeared 1989). Her step-grandson, Blake Farenthold, was elected in 2010 to the U.S. House of Representatives from Texas as a Republican, and served as a member of the Tea Party Caucus until he resigned April 6, 2018, due to allegations he used $84,000 of taxpayer money to pay a settlement to a former aide who accused him of sexual harassment and other improper conduct.
Death
Farenthold died from complications caused by Parkinson's disease on September 26, 2021, at the age of 94 at her home in Houston.
References
External links
Frances Tarlton "Sissy" Farenthold: A Noble Citizen, an online exhibit about Farenthold and her career, from the Rapoport Center for Human Rights and Justice at UT Austin
A Guide to the Frances Tarlton Farenthold Papers The archival finding aid to Farenthold's physical papers at the Briscoe Center for American History at UT Austin.
Institute for Policy Studies
Oral History Interview with Frances Farenthold from Oral Histories of the American South
The Bernard and Audre Rapoport Center for Human Rights and Justice
Farenthold, Frances "Sissy" and Frank Michel. Frances "Sissy" Farenthold Oral History, Houston Oral History Project, October 1, 2007.
1926 births
2021 deaths
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American women politicians
21st-century American women
American women academics
Candidates in the 1972 United States elections
Candidates in the 1974 United States elections
Deaths from Parkinson's disease
Female candidates for Vice President of the United States
Heads of universities and colleges in the United States
Hockaday School alumni
Members of the Texas House of Representatives
People from Corpus Christi, Texas
Texas Democrats
University of Houston faculty
Vassar College alumni
Wells College faculty
Woman heads of universities and colleges
Women state legislators in Texas
The karate competition at the 2013 World Games held in Cali, Colombia took place from July 26 to July 27.
Participating nations
Medalists
Medals table
References
External links
Results book
2013 World Games
2013
World Games
Pir Bakran (, also Romanized as Pīr Bakrān; also known as Pīr Bāqerān; formerly known as Linjan لنجان) is a city and capital of Pir Bakran District, in Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10,851, in 2,934 families. It is located southwest by road from Isfahan.
Sights
It contains the mausoleum of Muhammad ibn Bakran, a Sufi saint who taught theology outside the existing structure at the site. The iwan was constructed to serve as his classroom, but was uncompleted at the time of his death in 1303. The structure was later modified to function as his mausoleum.
The ancient cemetery of the Jews of Esfahan is situated close to this complex. It contains tombs inscribed from the 2nd century AD. The major mausoleum contains the tomb attributed to the biblical person Serah bat Asher. For Jews this is a place of pilgrimage.
For its public transit system, The city is served by Falavarjan County Municipalities Mass Transit Organization bus network route 3.
Images of Serah bar Asher cemetery
See also
Pir Bakran mausoleum
References
External links
Square Kufic decoration at the Muhammad ibn Bakran shrine
Populated places in Falavarjan County
Cities in Isfahan Province
Jewish cemeteries
Ziyarat
Robert René Gaudreau (born March 8, 1944) is an American former ice hockey defenseman and Olympian.
Gaudreau played with Team USA at the 1968 Winter Olympics held in Grenoble, France. He previously played for the Brown Bears at Brown University. He is the father of former NHL player, Rob Gaudreau.
Awards and honors
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of the United States
American men's ice hockey defensemen
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
Ronald "Ron" Trent (born May 23, 1973) is an American house music DJ and record producer.
Music career
After experimenting with beat machines and a small keyboard in 1986, he began recording the track "Altered States" while still in high school. He released it on Armando's Warehouse Records in 1990. The track became a club hit among devotees of techno, despite Trent's grounding in the Chicago house scene. He then began working with Detroit producers such as Chez Damier, with whom he issued several singles before co-founding the label Prescription Records in 1993. They also worked with Berlin-based producer Maurizio.
Later in the 1990s, he moved to Brooklyn and put together a collaboration known as Urban Sound Gallery, or USG. He also worked with Anthony Nicholson there. He returned to Chicago in the 2000s.
Discography
Singles
The Afterlife (The Afterlife/Making Love/Altered States (Full Length Version) (Warehouse Records WR005, 1990)
Love Affair (Four versions/Tribal Affair x 2) (Clubhouse Records CHR123 1992)
States EP (Realtered States 1/Realtered States 2/Magic Women/Can We All Just Get Along?) (Cajual Records CAJ205, 1993)
Dance Floor Boogie Delites (Pop, Dip & Spin/Morning Fever) (Prescription Records PRES114, 1995)
A Dark Room & A Feeling (Seduction/Piano Track) (Subwoofer SUW006T, 1995)
Foot Therapy (Prescription Records), 1995)
In The Spirit (The Full Experience Mix/Kada Mix/Guitar Alchemy Mix) Peacefrog Records, PF086, 1999)
I Feel The Rhythm (Prescription Records, 1999)
Love To The World (The Full Experience Mix/Dub Mix/Drum) (Future Vision Records FV003, 2006)
Look Beyond (Look Beyond Main Mix/Dub Mix) (Future Vision Records FVR 001, 2008)
Journeyn2u (Journeyn2u/It's Hot) (Future Vision Records FVR 005, 2008)
Cinematic Travels EP (From Above (Full Length)/Album Version/World Travels) (Prescription Classic Recordings PCR001, 2008)
Wooden Floors & Analogue Memories (Woman, Africa Hi Fi Mix/Intoxicate) (Future Vision Records FVR 010, 2009)
The Power Of Sound (Spaceship/The Power Of Sound) (Future Vision Records FVR 016, 2010)
Spaces And Places E.P. (Babia/Sex Games/Sensual Drums) (Future Vision Records FVR 017, 2010)
Lost Tribes Regained EP (The Clan Speaks/Oduworld/Open Roads) (Future Vision Records FVR 019, 2011)
Dance Floor Boogie Delites (Tell Me/Work Your Body) (Future Vision Records FVR 020, 2011)
Kids At Play (Single Sided Limited Edition 12") (Electric Blue EB 001, 2012)
Human Drums & Machines (Human League/Future Shock) (Electric Blue EB 002, 2013)
Manifesto (Original Mix/Bewe Effect Mix/Aybees Blakspace Federation Slap Mix) (Future Vision Records FVR 021, 2013)
Dance Floor Boogie Delites (CE100/Big Medicine/Never Too Far) (Future Vision Records FVR 023, 2013)
YNF (You'll Never Find) (Future Vision Records FVR024, 2014)
Human Drums & Machines (Sub Culture/Movement 7) (Electric Blue EB 003, 2014)
Evergreen (Urban Skylinez) (Apotek APT 021, 2014)
Hi Life Jump (One Sided Limited Edition 12") (Electric Blue EB002LTD, 2015)
Rawax Aira Series Vol 2 (Deep In The Stars/Rock The Box) (Rawax Aira AIRA 002, 2015)
Human Drums & Machines (Elements/Blazzin) (Electric Blue EB 007, 2016)
Orbit 01 (Hooked On Your Love (1984)/Welcome (1982) (Bass Cadet Records ΘBCR01, 2016)
Spaces And Places (São Paulo Sound Systems/New York City Country City) (MusicandPower MAP 002, 2016)
Electric Moods & Long Play (Liquid Love/Liquid Love Reprise/Sound System Prevail) (MusicandPower MAP 003, 2016)
Fon Space Project (Time And Space/Bass To Love) (MusicandPower MAP 004, 2016)
Dance Floor Boogie Delites (Boogie Down/In The Light) (MusicandPower MAP 005, 2016)
Human Drums & Machines (Kinky City/Omi Tutu) (Electric Blue EB 008, 2017)
Human Drums & Machines (Dimensions/Beyond) (Electric Blue EB009, 2017)
Spaces And Places (Berlin Nights/Mississippi Mud) (MusicandPower MAP 007, 2017)
African Indigenous Rhythms (The Dawn/Power Movement) (MusicandPower MAP 008, 2017)
Dance Floor Boogie Delites (Touch/Fresh On Your Love) (MusicandPower MAP 009, 2017)
Gemini Jazz (Storyteller/The Touch/The Place Inside) (MusicandPower MAP 012, 2017)
Dancin' Remixes (Headphoniq Q-013, 2018)
The following 12" Singles were released under the monikers R.T. Factor and R.T Sound Factor.
7th Heaven (Electric Blue EB 004, 2014). (One sided Limited Edition 12").
Who Are We?/What Does It Mean? (Electric Blue EB 006, 2016)
The following 12" singles are collaborations with other artists.
Afro Nova EP (Aquarhythmatica/Soul Samba Express) (With Anthony Nicholson) (Prescription Records PR-5010, 1998)
I Fight For What I Believe (I Fight For What I Believe/Version/Beets) (With Sonti) (S I Project ADSI 011, 1999)
Movin' On (Movin' On Vocal/Movin' On Instrumental) (With Robert Owens) (Need 2 Soul N2S 003, 2007)
Deep Down (Deep Down (Main Vocal/Ron Trent Mix/Deep Down Dub) (With Robert Owens) (Future Vision Records FVR 002, 2008)
Sensation(Main Vocal/Dub) (With Erik Rico )(Future Vision Records FVR 015, 2009)
The Sound (Main Mix/Reprise/Dub) (Ron Trent & Manoo) (Future Vision World FVW 006, 2017)
Parola Di Bocca #2 (Berlin Nights In Paris/Morning Factory (BA AS Deep Edit-Rework)/Love Is The Message (Kai Alce Edit)/I come here to be Happy (Kai Alce Edit) ) (Ron Trent With Kai Alice, Chez Damier) (Balance Traxx BT 002, 2017)
Manchild (In The Promised Land) (Manchild (In The Promised Land) (Ron Trent Full Vocal Version)/Manchild (In The Promised Land) (Dazzle Drums Dub) ) (Ron Trent With Dazzle Drums & Lono Brazil) (BBE BBE443SLP, 2018)
Albums
Primitive Arts (Peacefrog Records, 1999)
Ancient Future (Village Again, 2007)
Dance Classic (Prescription, 2009)
Raw Footage (Electric Blue, 2011)
Dance Floor Boogie Delites (Future Vision Records, 2011)
What Do the Stars Say to You (Night Time Stories, 2022)
DJ Mixes
Mix the Vibe: Ron Trent Urban Afro Blues (King Street Sounds, 2001)
Giant Step Records Sessions, Vol. 1 (Giant Step Records, 2001)
Musical Reflections (R2, 2002)
Deep and Sexy 2 (Wave Music, 2003)
Abstract Afro Journey (King Street, 2004)
Coast2Coast (NRK, 2007)
Need2Soul, Vol. 1 (Need2Sou, 2008)
References
External links
Official Website
Resident Advisor: Ron Trent
American DJs
Club DJs
American house musicians
Musicians from Chicago
DJs from Chicago
1973 births
Living people
Electronic dance music DJs
Peacefrog Records artists
Night Time Stories artists
Helen Chang or Chang Hua-kuan (; born 7 July 1954) is a Taiwanese politician. She has served as the Magistrate of Chiayi County since 20 December 2009.
Early life
Chang obtained her bachelor's degree in business administration from National Chung Hsing University and her master's degree in strategic and international affairs from National Chung Cheng University.
Political careers
2008 legislative election
Chang participated in the 2008 legislative election representing Chiayi County 2 constituency.
2009 Chiayi County magistrate election
Chang was elected Magistrate of Chiayi County on 5 December 2009 under the Democratic Progressive Party and assumed office on 20 December 2009. She was reelected for a second term on 29 November 2014.
References
1954 births
Living people
Magistrates of Chiayi County
National Chung Cheng University alumni
National Chung Hsing University alumni
21st-century Taiwanese women politicians
21st-century Taiwanese politicians
The Albanerpetontidae are an extinct family of small amphibians, native to the Northern Hemisphere during the Mesozoic and Cenozoic. The only members of the order Allocaudata, they are thought to be allied with living amphibians belonging to Lissamphibia. Despite a superficially salamander-like bodyform, their anatomy is strongly divergent from modern amphibians in numerous aspects. The fossil record of albanerpetontids spans over 160 million years from the Middle Jurassic to the beginning of the Pleistocene, about 2.13-2 million years ago.
History of Research
The earliest specimen of an albanerpetontid to be discovered was that of Celtedens megacephalus from the Early Cretaceous (Albian) Pietraroja Plattenkalk of Italy, described by Oronzio Gabriele Costa in 1864, and originally placed in the genus Triton, a junior synonym of the salamander genus Triturus. Jaw elements of albanerpetontids from the Cretaceous of North America were assigned to the salamander genus Prosiren by Richard Estes in 1969, erecting the family Prosirenidae to accommodate the genus. Prosiren was originally described by Coleman J. Goin and Walter Auffenberg in 1958, based on vertebrae found in Cretaceous aged deposits in Texas. Albanerpeton, the type genus of the family was first named by Estes and Robert Hoffstetter in 1976 for the species of A. inexpectatum described from a large number of jaws and frontal bones from a Miocene aged fissure fill deposit near Saint-Alban-de-Roche in France, and was initially classified as a salamander, and placed in the family Prosirenidae alongside Prosiren due to the morphological similarity with the jaw fragments attributed to Prosiren by Estes (1969). Richard Fox and Bruce Naylor in 1982 realised that Albanerpeton was not a salamander, noting that the holotype vertebra of Prosiren was different to those of albanerpetontids, concluding that Albanerpeton was "well isolated from salamanders" and that it "seems no nearer phyletically to any other known amphibians, from Devonian to Recent" erecting the family Albanerpetontidae and the order Allocaudata to accommodate it.
Description
Albanerpetontids were small (several cm to several tens of centimetres in length) and superficially lizard-like. The skin of albanerpetontids was embedded with bony, fish like scales. The morphology of the complete 3 dimensionally preserved skull of Yaksha peretti suggests that albanerpetontids had ballistic tongues akin to those of chameleons and plethodontid salamanders, as evidenced by the presence of an elongated rod shaped bone in the jaw cavity, dubbed the hyoid entoglossal process, which in life was embedded within the tongue. Analogous bones exist in chameleons and plethodontids, which allow rapid propulsion of the tongue. A hyoid entoglossal process is also known from Celtedens megacephalus, suggesting that the presence of a ballistic tongue is characteristic for the group. Distinguishing apomorphic traits characteristic of albanerpetontids include a complex mortise and tenon like joint connecting the dentary bones at the front of the jaw, teeth which are non-pedicellate and slightly tricuspid (bearing three cusps), the frontal bones of the skull display raised polygonal sculpturing, and three anterior cervical components form an 'atlas-axis' complex, similar to that of amniotes.
Paleobiology
The morphology of albanerpetontids suggests that they were sit-and-wait terrestrial predators and fed on invertebrates, similar to living plethodontids. The fact that the skull of the juvenile paratype of Yaksha was around 1/4 of the size of the adult suggests that albanerpetontids grew by direct development and did not have a metamorphic larval stage. It has been suggested that albanerpetontids absorbed oxygen entirely through the skin via cutaneous respiration and lacked lungs like plethodontid salamanders, due to the length of the hyoid entoglossal process. This proposal is supported by the internal vascularisation and lack of Sharpey's fibres in the frontal bones.
Distribution
The distribution of albanerpetontids is largely confined to Eurasia and North America, with remains also known from Morocco in North Africa. The first albanerpetontids are known from the western Palearctic (Europe and North Africa) in the Middle Jurassic (Bathonian ~168-166 million years ago), with the first known remains from North America occurring in the latter half of the Early Cretaceous. The last known remains of albanerpetontids in North America are from the Paskapoo Formation in Canada, dating to the Paleocene. All other Cenozoic members of the family, belonging to the genus Albanerpeton, are known from Europe and Western Asia, from the Oligocene onwards, after an unexplained hiatus in the Eocene, until their final appearance in Italy during the Early Pleistocene, around 2 million years ago.
Classification
Albanerpetontids were long thought to be salamanders because of their small size and generalized body plans. However, these features are now thought to be ancestral for lissamphibians and not indicative of close relationships between the two groups. Albanerpetontids share with living lissamphibians an atlanto-occipital joint with two cotyles, a four fingered forelimb (manus), ectochordal (spoon shaped with open centra) vertebrae with cylindrical centra, ribs that do not encircle the body, and a salamander-like quadrate-squamosal articulation, but are distinguished from the three living groups of lissamphibians by their possession of keratinized claw sheaths and their retention of skull bones lost in other lissamphibians, including epipterygoids, supraoccipitals and large palatines, as well as the absence of pedicellate teeth or a wide parasphenoid cultriform process. Albanerpetontids are now recognized as a distinct clade of lissamphibians separate from the three living orders of amphibians – Anura (frogs), Caudata (salamanders), and Gymnophiona (caecilians). Most studies show them as more closely related to frogs and salamanders than to caecilians, but bootstrap and Bayesian analyses show that this result is not robust and that they could also be sister-group of the Lissamphibia. The presence of epipterygoids and a separate supraoccipital at least argues against a position within Batrachia. A phylogenetic analysis in 2020 among lissamphibian relationships using multiple methods found no consensus for the position of Albanerpetontidae in relation to other lissamphibians, but they were always placed closer to lissamphibians than to other extinct groups of amphibians, such as lepospondyls and temnospondyls.
Taxonomy
Genus Shirerpeton Matsumoto & Evans, 2018
Shirerpeton isajii Matsumoto & Evans, 2018 Early Cretaceous, Japan
Genus Wesserpeton Sweetman & Gardner 2013
Wesserpeton evansae Sweetman & Gardner 2013 Early Cretaceous, United Kingdom
Genus Anoualerpeton Gardner, Evans & Sigogneau-Russell 2003
Anoualerpeton priscus Gardner, Evans & Sigogneau-Russell 2003 Middle Jurassic, United Kingdom
Anoualerpeton unicus Gardner, Evans & Sigogneau-Russell 2003 Late Jurassic, Morocco
Genus Celtedens McGowan & Evans 1995 Late Jurassic-Early Cretaceous, Europe
Celtedens megacephalus (Costa 1864) Early Cretaceous, Italy, United Kingdom
Celtedens ibericus McGowan & Evans 1995 Early Cretaceous, Spain
Genus Albanerpeton Estes & Hoffstetter 1976
Albanerpeton arthridion Fox & Naylor 1982 Early Cretaceous, United States
Clade "Gracile-snouted"
Albanerpeton gracilis Gardner 2000 Late Cretaceous, North America
Albanerpeton cifellii Gardner 1999 Late Cretaceous, United States
Albanerpeton galaktion Fox & Naylor 1982 Late Cretaceous, North America
Clade "Robust-snouted"
Albanerpeton nexuosus Estes 1981 Late Cretaceous, North America
Albanerpeton pannonicus Venczel & Gardner 2005 latest Miocene-Early Pleistocene Hungary, Italy
Albanerpeton inexpectatum Estes & Hoffstetter 1976 Early Oligocene- Late Miocene, Europe
Genus Yaksha Daza et al, 2020
Yaksha perettii Daza et al, 2020 Late Cretaceous, Myanmar
Fragmentary remains of albanerpetontids are also known from the Bathonian aged Anoual Formation of Morocco, The Bathonian aged Aveyron locality of France, the Tithonian aged Chassiron locality of France, the Berriasian aged Cherves-de-Cognac locality and Angeac-Charente bonebed of France, Cenomanian-Turonian Khodzhakul and Bissekty Formations of Uzbekistan, originally assigned to the dubious genus Nukusaurus and the Santonian aged Csehbánya Formation of Hungary.
Phylogeny
From Daza et al 2020.
References
External links
Albanerpetontidae phylogeny.
Amphibian families
Bathonian first appearances
Piacenzian extinctions
Tertiary extinctions of vertebrate taxa
Brachyceridae is a family of weevils. There are at least 150 genera in Brachyceridae. It was treated as a subfamily of Curculionidae.
Cladogram
See also
List of Brachyceridae genera
References
Bisby F.A., Roskov Y.R., Orrell T.M., Nicolson D., Paglinawan L.E., Bailly N., Kirk P.M., Bourgoin T., Baillargeon G., Ouvrard D. (red.) (2011) Catalogue of Life
Biolib
Beetle families
William Donaldson (20 January 1920 – 1977) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Football League for Bradford Park Avenue and Mansfield Town.
References
1920s births
1977 deaths
Scottish footballers
Association football wingers
English Football League players
Leith Athletic F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. players
Grantham Town F.C. players
SS Oster is a Norwegian steamship built in 1908 by Christianssands Mekaniske Værksted for the Indre Nordhordlandske Dampskibsselskab to provide a combined passenger and cargo service between Bergen and Osterfjorden in Norway. During World War II she served as a guard ship with both the Royal Norwegian Navy and later with the German Kriegsmarine. Following the war she returned to civilian service and is still in service providing pleasure cruises from Bergen. In 1963 the Bergen deaf priest Ragnvald Hammer wrote the poem " Dar kjem dampen" in honor of the ship. Norwegian folksinger Ivar Medaas later added a tune to this poem.
Construction
In 1906 the residents of the municipality of Modalen in Hordaland in Norway sent a letter to the steam company in charge of the route into Modalen asking if they could provide a service that would go as far as possible north so that local people would not be isolated from the world, particularly during winter when the fjord was iced up.
In response the Indre Nordhordland Dampskipsselskap of Bergen (which subsequently changed its name in 1923 to Indre Nordhordland Dampbaatlag LL) commissioned in early 1908 Christianssands Mek. Verksted of Kristiansand to build the steel-hulled 167 gt Oster. Upon her launch in November 1908 she was long and had a beam of and a depth of She could accommodate 265 passengers and was fitted with a 54 bhp coal-fired triple-expansion steam engine.
Service history
Following her launch she sailed to Bergen, arriving on 29 November 1908, from where she soon commenced a service between Bergen and Osterfjorden with passengers and cargo. The first captain was Tobias Andersen Hordvik. While designed to take 265 passengers, during the summer holiday she often carried over 300.
In 1915 she was rebuilt and lengthened to by Mjellem & Karlsen in Bergen which allowed her to take 312 passengers. This change increased her gross tonnage to 191 gt. The rebuilding also saw her fitted with electric lighting, making her one of the first ships in the Northern part of Norway to have this feature.
The Oster was rebuilt between 1928 and 1932. Oster continued providing a passenger and cargo service along the Norwegian coast until 1939.
World War II
Following the onset of World War II in September 1939 she was requisitioned by the Royal Norwegian Navy who installed a 76 mm gun on her front deck and assigned her to the 2 sjøforsvarsdistrikt, 13 bevokningsdivisjon (2nd maritime defence district, 13 guarding division) with a crew of 18 under a command of Captain L. Sommer. On the evening of 8 April 1940 she was ordered to patrol the southern part of Hjeltefjord, between Ramsøy and Kalvanes.
On 9 January 1940 while patrolling between Ramsøy and Kalvanes under the command of Reidar Fladmark she was heavily damaged in a collision with the cargo ship Ek. Oster was able to return to Bergen at slow speed for repairs.
Following the commencement of the German invasion of Denmark and Norway in April 1940 the Oster was sent to Blomvåg to operate in an intelligence and communication role. She was then dispatched to Telavåg on 6 May 6, where she was abandoned by the navy.
Following the Nazi Germany occupation of Norway the German Kriegsmarine took her over in Telavåg on 22 May 1940, painted her grey and renamed her Marder, assigning her the pennant number NB04. She formally entered Kriegsmarine service on 24 May. By December 1940 the Kriegsmarine had fitted her with more guns and assigned her to patrol duties with the HafenschutzFlottille Bergen.
On 17 January 1941 at 12:00 am, the Marder ran aground on Kjeøfluen on the east side of Hjelma bear Alvø, a small island south of Fedje. She remained stranded until the 22 January when she was towed off and taken to Bergen where she was repaired at the Evje & Andersens Slip at Verftet.
On the 5 June 1941 she proceeded to rescue the crew from a Dornier Do 18 flying boat which had made an emergency landing at Holmengraa and took the aircraft in tow until passing the towing duties over to a Luftwaffe ship.
On 5 June 1943 the Marder responded to an attack by Norwegian Fairmile D class MGBs 620 and 626 in Korsfjord on the 8,132 gt cargo ship Altenfels carrying iron ore from Kirkenes south bound to Germany and escorted close astern by the German M-Class minesweeper M468. Hit by two torpedoes fired by MGB 626 the Altenfels was sinking by the time the Marder arrived to support M468 and the shore batteries to fire 55 shells from its 20 mm gun as it pursued the departing MGBs. MGB 626 escaped with her sister ship reaching its base at Lerwick in Scotland with two killed and five wounded.
During the spring of 1944 she was modified by removing her aft and front mast and installing a new "Unit mast" on the bridge. Her armament was also increased which saw her returning to service with a single 76 mm gun on the foredeck; a 37 mm gun on the cargo hatch; a 20 mm Madsen gun on the roof of the charthouse; a MG 34 machine gun on the bridge; and four depth charges. She was also given the new pennant number V5504, and assigned to the 55 Vorposten-Flottille whose headquarters was based at Stutzpunkt Florvaagbucht.
Post war service
At the end of the war she was abandoned by the Germans at Telavåg and subsequently returned to her owners, but was by then in very poor condition. With her original name restored to her, the Oster underwent an extensive maintenance and modernization at Storemollens Mek Verksted, in Sandviken, Bergen. She was again rebuilt in 1950. As the only coal-powered steamer left in Bergen, Oster became a symbol of the old fjord steamers on the western coast.
In 1964 Oster's passenger certificate expired when the boiler started to crack, by which time she was the last locally built coal-fired vessel operating in Norway. At the time a proposal was made to preserve the ship however it would have cost NOK 50,000 which was too expensive for people who wanted to preserve her. Their efforts inspired the Bergen deaf priest Ragnvald Hammer to write the poem " Dar kjem dampen" 1963 in honour of the ship. Norwegian folksinger Ivar Medaas subsequently wrote a melody for the poem.
With preservation unfeasible, the ship was sold to Berge Sag & Trelast Forretning (Brødrene Berge Ølensvåg) in April 1964. They converted her at their shipyard in Ølensvåg into a freighter by removing most of her top deck to leave only the aft end of the boat deck. On top of this a used wheelhouse was mounted. The steam engine was replaced with a modern 300 bhp Caterpillar diesel engines. These changes increased her weight to 199gt.
Now bearing the name Vaka she entered coastal service in 1966. In June 1974 the ship was sold to Oddmund Tjoflot of Vikebygd in Sunnhordland, for use in the local sand trade. In August 1988 she was sold again, this time to Partrederiet Kristoffersen & Gundersen (Thor Åge Kristoffersen) of Flekkerøy, in Kristiansand, who employed her to transport cargo.
Restoration
In March 1996 she was purchased by the Nordhordland Veteranbåtlag (NHVL) association and renamed Gamle Oster ("Old Oster"), which was subsequently shortened to Oster in August 2000. They commenced a three-year-long restoration in Bergen to bring her back to her original state as a steam-driven passenger ship. the restoration resulted in her diesel engine being replaced by a triple-expansion oil-fired steam engine built by Alexander Hall in Aberdeen in 1927 for the dredger Clearway.
On 11 June 2005 the Oster was declared fully restored at a ceremony in Bergen at "Skur 11", the dock from which the ship had operated during her early career.
Today the Oster offers pleasure cruises carrying up to 100 passengers around Bergen's harbour.
References
External links
Gamle Dampen D/S "Oster" In Norwegian.
Oster. In Norwegian.
Icebreakers of Norway
Naval ships of Norway captured by Germany during World War II
Passenger ships of Norway
Steamships of Norway
Ships built in Kristiansand
World War II patrol vessels of Norway
Leucochrysum is a genus of flowering plants in the tribe Gnaphalieae within the family Asteraceae, endemic to Australia.
Species
Leucochrysum albicans (A.Cunn.) Paul G.Wilson
Leucochrysum alpinum (F.Muell.) R.J.Dennis & N.G.Walsh
Leucochrysum fitzgibbonii (F.Muell.) Paul G.Wilson
Leucochrysum graminifolium (Paul G.Wilson) Paul G.Wilson
Leucochrysum molle (A.Cunn. ex DC.) Paul G.Wilson
Leucochrysum stipitatum (F.Muell.) Paul G.Wilson
References
Asteraceae genera
Gnaphalieae
Endemic flora of Australia
Taxa named by Paul G. Wilson
Phtheochroa veirsi is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Durango, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1986
Phtheochroa
Ralph Waldo Barnes (June 14, 1899 – November 17, 1940) was an American journalist from Oregon, best known as a foreign correspondent in Europe during the 1930s.
Early life and education
Barnes was born in Salem, Oregon, on June 14, 1899 to Edward Talbot Barnes and Mabel Nancy Baker Barnes. He graduated from Salem High School in 1917, and that summer he began attending St. John's Military Academy in Delafield, Wisconsin. In the fall of 1918 he enrolled at Willamette University in Salem, but he had to interrupt his studies when his military reserve unit was called to Camp MacArthur in Waco, Texas for training. Barnes returned to Salem and received his bachelor's degree in history from Willamette in 1922. After earning his master's degree in economics from Harvard University, he returned to Salem and married his longtime sweetheart, Esther Barton Parounagian. Esther was born in Pittsfield, Vermont on December 12, 1901 and married Mr. Barnes on October 11, 1924. She too was a Willamette graduate, though of 1923.
Career
In 1924, Barnes was hired by the New York Herald Tribune. His first foreign correspondent assignment was in Paris. While assigned to Paris, in 1926, he interviewed Gertrude Ederle upon the completion of her historic swim across the English Channel, and in 1927, he interviewed Charles Lindbergh after he completed the first solo transatlantic flight. In 1930, the Herald sent Barnes to Rome, where he reported on the fascist regime of Benito Mussolini. In 1931, he became the paper's Moscow correspondent. He became known for reporting stories the Soviet regime did not want publicized, unlike Walter Duranty of The New York Times, who was sympathetic to the Soviet government. In 1935, Barnes transferred to Berlin, where he reported on the Nazi regime despite its censorship. After the German invasion of Poland, and the German invasion of France and the Low Countries, Barnes concluded that Germany would next attack the Soviet Union, despite the 1939 Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact. The Nazi government expelled Barnes from Germany after the Tribune published the story.
Death and legacy
On November 17, 1940, on his way to cover Mussolini's invasion of Greece, Barnes was killed along with three Royal Air Force crew members when his plane crashed in Yugoslavia. Upon his death, reporters Leland Stowe of the Herald Tribune, William L. Shirer of Columbia Broadcasting, and William H. Stoneman of the Chicago Daily News saluted Barnes and his achievements. Barnes was the first war correspondent killed during World War II. In 1943, a Liberty ship was christened the SS Ralph Barnes in his honor. Barnes was buried in the Florence American Cemetery in Italy.
References
Further reading
External links
Schmidt, Eric, "Covering Conflict" biography of Barnes from Willamette University with photos
Biography of Esther Barnes Downs from Salem Online History
1899 births
1940 deaths
American male journalists
20th-century American journalists
American war correspondents
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Journalists killed while covering World War II
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1940
Writers from Salem, Oregon
Willamette University alumni
North Salem High School (Salem, Oregon) alumni
American civilians killed in World War II
Active cables are copper cables for data transmission that use an electronic circuit to boost the performance of the cable. Without an electronic circuit a cable is considered a 'passive' cable. Passive cables are liable to degrade the data they carry, due to "channel impairments" including attenuation, crosstalk and group velocity distortion. In active cables, a circuit using one or several integrated circuits is embedded in the cable to compensate for some or all of these impairments. This active boosting allows cables to be more compact, thinner, longer and transmit data faster than their passive equivalents.
Active cables are used in enterprise networks which form the backbone of modern data communication systems, and also to interconnect consumer devices such as cameras, gaming consoles, and HDTVs.
Embedding circuitry in cables can allow less copper to be used in cable production for the same performance, reducing the weight of the cable by as much as 80%, and reduce cable size. Other benefits include longer reach and lower power consumption.
Consumer electronics
Active cables are more compact and portable than passive cables, and as such they are ideal for use with products such as smartphones, HDTVs, gaming consoles, and DV cameras. DisplayPort is the latest consumer electronics standard that has enabled support for active cables by allocating power supply pins inside the connector. Active DisplayPort cables enable ultra-thin (32 AWG and thinner) and long-reach interconnects which are particularly valuable for the use with the miniature Mini DisplayPort form-factor.
Enterprise and storage applications
Active cables play an important role in enterprise and storage applications due to the confined space and air-flow requirements in data centers and long reaches (up to 30 meters) required to make some of the rack-to-rack connections. Because active cables can facilitate thin cable gauges, a tighter bend radius results, which can give cables in these applications easier maneuverability and improved airflow.
Active cable adoption in data centers has been growing steadily. For example, as of 2010, half of SFP+ interconnect volume is in active cables (as opposed to passive copper cables and optical transceiver modules). The advent of QSFP (Quad SFP) interconnects for 40 Gigabit Ethernet and InfiniBand is driving the widespread adoption of active cables in this form-factor as well.
Standards
InfiniBand
Serial Attached SCSI (SAS)
DisplayPort
PCI Express
HDMI
USB
Thunderbolt
Criticism
Opponents of active cable technology often criticize the fact that the electronics in an active cable design could be placed inside the connected devices instead, and an inexpensive passive cable used to connect the devices. Digital alternatives to using analog equalizers and impedance matching circuits to improve cable performance also exist, such as channel estimation or link adaptation.
Another criticism of active cables is that manufacturers may patent the electronics inside an active cable or even utilize on-chip cryptography to prevent competitors or consumers from producing their own replacement cables, and therefore enable manufacturers to monopolize the market for cables and charge consumers exorbitant prices. Active cables typically cost 5 to 10 times more than their passive counterparts. Some active cables are only produced by a single manufacturer, and sold through a single distributor. Low cable cost and high availability is desirable because cables are often inadvertently lost or damaged.
Some opponents of active cables also believe that active cables do not provide power savings for signal processing reasons, because in an active cable design, there is at least one extra integrated circuit (IC) compared to passive cable designs. This extra IC must be powered separately, when in a passive cable design, the signal processing can be integrated onto a single chip.
See also
10 Gigabit Ethernet
100 Gigabit Ethernet
C form-factor pluggable
Cloud computing
CXP (connector)
Data center
Fiber-optic communication
Fibre Channel
Green computing
HDMI
High-performance computing
Interconnect bottleneck
List of device bandwidths
Optical cable
Optical communication
Optical link
Optoelectronics
Parallel optical interface
PCI Express
Small form-factor pluggable transceiver
Terabit Ethernet
Thunderbolt
References
Signal cables
Živilė Raudonienė (born April 29, 1982) is a Lithuanian fitness model, bodybuilder, and retired professional wrestler. She is best known for her time in WWE, where she performed under the ring name Aksana.
Raudonienė began her career as a bodybuilder at the age of 13, where she began her training. At the age of 17, she was the youngest participant in the 1999 IFBB Arnold Classic Contest. During her time as a bodybuilder, she won three medals in Bodybuilding Amateur World Championships (2 silver, 1 bronze).
Raudonienė signed with the professional wrestling promotion WWE and was assigned to their developmental system, Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW), debuting in October 2009. She became the Queen of FCW and won the FCW Divas Championship, and was the first woman to hold both titles simultaneously. In September 2010, she competed in the third season of NXT, placing fourth. She made her debut on the main roster in August 2011, and remained with the company until her release in June 2014. After leaving WWE, she began to work as a fitness trainer in a gym.
On January 29th, 2022, Aksana was present backstage at the 2022 Royal Rumble, in case any of the women superstars booked to compete in the 30 Women Royal Rumble match weren't able to do so.
Bodybuilding
Raudonienė worked as a successful bodybuilder, fitness model and personal trainer. Raudonienė began working out in the year 1996, and after a year, she entered her first fitness contest. At the age of 16, she was the youngest participant in the 1999 IFBB European Fitness Championships. She went on to win the 2009 IFBB Arnold Classic Contest, and has competed in numerous other bodybuilding contests.
Professional wrestling career
World Wrestling Entertainment/WWE
Developmental territories (2009–2011)
In an interview that aired in September 2009, Raudonienė revealed that she had been signed by the professional wrestling promotion WWE, and had begun training at their then-developmental territory, Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW). Raudonienė debuted under the ring name "Olga" at a FCW live event in a Divas Halloween Costume contest on October 29, 2009. The following month, her ring name was changed to "Aksana", and she began managing Eli Cottonwood. She was also involved in a storyline where she was kidnapped by Sweet Papi Sanchez, and over the following weeks, videos of Aksana were shown to Cottonwood until she was returned to him.
Aksana made her in-ring debut at an FCW live event on January 15, 2010, when she teamed with AJ Lee, Savannah, and Eve Torres to defeat Serena Mancini, Naomi Knight, Courtney Taylor, and Liviana. She began appearing on "The Abraham Washington Show", Abraham Washington's in-ring talk show segment, where she acted as his sidekick. She continued to wrestle as well, appearing in several multi-Diva tag team matches. When it was announced that there would be a creation of the FCW Divas Championship, Aksana competed in a tournament to determine the inaugural champion, but was defeated in the first round by Serena. In August, she began hosting "The Aksana Show", a spin-off of "The Abraham Washington Show", with guests including Mason Ryan, FCW Florida Tag Team Champions Johnny Curtis and Derrick Bateman, and FCW Divas Champion Naomi Knight. On August 31, 2010, it was announced that Raudonienė would be part of the all-female third season of NXT, retaining the ring name Aksana, and with Goldust as her storyline mentor. On the September 21 episode of NXT, Aksana began a storyline where she was having problems with her visa and was facing deportation from the United States. On the October 5 episode of NXT, Aksana won a challenge for the first time by winning the mechanical bull riding contest. The following week, Goldust proposed to Aksana in the storyline so that she could remain in the United States, which she accepted.
At Bragging Rights, Aksana made her first appearance on WWE's main roster by accompanying Goldust in a loss to Ted DiBiase. On the October 26 episode of NXT, Aksana teamed up with Goldust to defeat Maryse and DiBiase. On the November 2 episode of NXT, Goldust and Aksana's storyline wedding took place. As Goldust was about to kiss his new wife, Aksana slapped him and left. The next night on NXT, Goldust confronted his wife about their wedding. Aksana revealed she only married him to stay in the country, and Goldust responded by putting Aksana in a match with Naomi, which she lost. On November 16, on NXT, Aksana was eliminated from the competition. She returned for the season finale on November 30.
On the February 3, 2011, episode of FCW TV, Aksana defeated Rosa Mendes to become the new Queen of FCW. Aksana later joined the villainous group formed by FCW General Manager Maxine, alongside Lucky Cannon, AJ Lee, and Damien Sandow. On the April 7 episode of FCW TV, Aksana defeated AJ Lee to win the FCW Divas Championship, after interference from Maxine. Her victory made her the first woman to hold the Queen of FCW title and FCW Divas Championship simultaneously. She retained the championship against Naomi Knight, before losing the title to Audrey Marie on the September 1 episode of FCW TV. On the November 17 episode of FCW TV, Aksana lost the Queen of FCW crown to Raquel Diaz.
Various storylines (2011–2013)
On the October 31 episode of Raw, Aksana competed in her first match on the main roster, a Divas Halloween Costume battle royal to determine the number one contender for the WWE Divas Championship, but was eliminated. On the January 27, 2012, episode of SmackDown, Aksana won her first singles match by quickly defeating Natalya.In April, Aksana began a storyline relationship with the debuting Antonio Cesaro, thus turning heel in the process. On the June 29 episode of SmackDown, Aksana and Cesaro lost a mixed tag team match to The Great Khali and Layla. At SummerSlam, she was present when Cesaro won the United States Championship. However, on the September 21 episode of SmackDown, Cesaro ended their relationship after an inadvertent distraction from her cost him his non-title match with Santino Marella.
At the Night of Champions pay-per-view, Kaitlyn was attacked by a mysterious person with blonde hair before her Divas Championship match with Layla, which resulted in Eve Torres replacing Kaitlyn and winning the championship. On the October 26 episode of SmackDown, Aksana was revealed as the attacker, on Torres' orders. Later that night, Aksana and Torres defeated Layla and Kaitlyn in a tag team match. At Survivor Series, Aksana attacked Kaitlyn while disguised, but Kaitlyn fought her off to end the storyline. On the TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs pre-show on December 16, Aksana competed in a "Santa's Little Helpers" battle royal to determine the number one contender to the Divas Championship, which was won by Naomi. Aksana's alliance with Eve Torres ended after Torres left WWE in January 2013.
On September 6, 2013, Aksana aligned herself with Divas Champion AJ Lee, Alicia Fox, and Layla, and the quartet attacked the cast members of Total Divas. On November 24 at Survivor Series, Aksana participated in a seven-on-seven elimination tag team match against the cast of Total Divas, where she eliminated Brie Bella before being eliminated by Nikki Bella. Aksana went on to pin the Bellas on two separate occasions; Nikki on the December 30 episode of Raw in a ten-Diva tag team match, and Brie in a tag team match on the January 6, 2014, episode of Raw.
Foxsana and departure (2014)
Aksana then formed a regular tag team with Alicia Fox, and the duo began being referred to as "Foxsana" as of the January 22 episode of Main Event, where they lost to the Bella Twins. Aksana unsuccessfully challenged for the Divas Championship at WrestleMania XXX in the "Vickie Guerrero Divas Championship Invitational" match, which was won by the reigning champion AJ Lee. On the June 2 episode of Raw, Foxsana faced Nikki Bella in a handicap match in a winning effort when Fox pinned Nikki. Following a loss to Paige on June 9 episode of Raw, Fox attacked Aksana, provoking a feud between the two. The feud was cut short, however, as on June 12, 2014, WWE announced that Aksana had been released from her contract along with several other talents. Her last match aired on the June 13 episode of SmackDown, where she lost to Fox.
Championships and accomplishments
Bodybuilding
National Physique Committee
World Amateur Bodybuilding Championship (2 silvers, 1 bronze)
IFBB Arnold Classic Contest (2009)
Professional wrestling
Florida Championship Wrestling
FCW Divas Championship (1 time)
Queen of FCW (1 time)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 41 of the best 50 female singles wrestlers in the PWI Female 50 in 2014
Wrestling Observer Newsletter
Worst Worked Match of the Year (2013) with AJ Lee, Alicia Fox, Kaitlyn, Rosa Mendes, Summer Rae, and Tamina Snuka vs. Cameron, Eva Marie, JoJo, Naomi, Natalya, and The Bella Twins (Brie Bella and Nikki Bella) on November 24
References
External links
Lithuanian news article about Aksana
1982 births
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Lithuanian female bodybuilders
Lithuanian female models
Lithuanian female professional wrestlers
Living people
Sportspeople from Alytus
21st-century professional wrestlers
Pomoz Bog () or Pomaže Bog (Помаже Бог) is a traditional Serbian greeting used by Serbs. It literally means "God helps" but is considered the equivalent to "hello" or "good day" in English. The typical response to the greeting is Bog ti pomogao (Бог ти помогао), "God help you".
References
See also
Serbian traditions
Serbian culture
Greeting words and phrases
Serbian words and phrases
Serb culture
Riverview High School is a public high school in Riverview, Florida, U.S.A. It is operated as part of the Hillsborough County Public Schools district.
History
In February 1996, the Hillsborough County School Board purchased two forty-acre plots from two different owners for a total of $2,050,000 on the southeast corner of Boyette Road and Balm Riverview Road, in Riverview, Florida, to be the location of a high school. Ground was broken in January 1997 and construction began in preparation for opening of school in August 1998.
On January 20, 1998, Riverview High School's first principal, J. Vince Thompson, was appointed. Mr. Thompson held meetings during the month of February 1998 with students from East Bay High School, Brandon High School, Bloomingdale High School, Progress Village Middle School, Burns Middle School, and McLane Middle School to discuss the implementation of block scheduling and the selection of a school mascot and school colors; block scheduling was approved, the colors of black, royal blue, and silver were selected as school colors, and the Sharks picked as the school mascot. On March 17, 1998, the School Board approved the mascot and the colors.
Notable alumni
Jahleel Addae (2008): NFL football player
Andrew Barbosa professional baseball pitcher
Orson Charles American football tight end and fullback played at Riverview before transferring to Plant
Jason Harmon (2004): professional football player
Tyrone McKenzie (2004): NFL football player
Roderick Strong: born Christopher Lindsey, wrestler
Jacquian Williams (2006): NFL football player
References
External links
Riverview High School
High schools in Hillsborough County, Florida
Educational institutions established in 1998
Public high schools in Florida
1998 establishments in Florida
Warwick Leslie Smith AO (born 13 May 1954) is an Australian politician, and was a Liberal member of the Australian House of Representatives from December 1984 to March 1993 and again from March 1996 to October 1998, representing the Division of Bass, Tasmania.
Smith attended the Launceston Church Grammar School and the Australian National University, where he studied law, history and political science. He later graduated from the University of Tasmania with a Bachelor of Laws in 1979. He then worked as a solicitor in Tasmania. Smith was elected to Parliament in 1984 and later held two ministerships in John Howard's government: Minister for Sport, Territories and Local Government from March 1996 to October 1997, and then Minister for Family Services until October 1998.
Smith lost his seat in the 1998 general election to ALP candidate Michelle O'Byrne. He has since held several management positions in the corporate sector. He has worked as an executive director of Macquarie Bank, head of the Australia China Business Council, and is currently the chairman of ANZ New South Wales and chairman of the advisory board of Australian Equity Group, an investment company owned by Kerry Stokes.
Between July 2010 to April 2012, Smith was Chairman of the Australian Sports Commission.
References
External links
Parliament of Australia biography
1954 births
Living people
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Australia
Members of the Australian House of Representatives for Bass
Members of the Australian House of Representatives
Australian National University alumni
Officers of the Order of Australia
20th-century Australian politicians
Government ministers of Australia
Begodya is a type of Korean steamed buns which is similar to jjinppang. The dish is popular among Koreans living in the Uzbek region. The buns can be filled with various meats and cabbage.
The dish is a popular menu item at Cafe Lily, an Uzbek-Korean restaurant, located in Brooklyn, New York City.
Variations
Bungeo-ppang
Hoppang
See also
Jjinppang
References
Beef dishes
Korean meat dishes
Korean cuisine
Megabox may refer to:
MegaBox (shopping mall), a shopping mall in Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong
Megabox (cinema chain), a chain of movie theatres in South Korea
Megabox, a music hosting service of the website Megaupload (now called Mega)
Clothes line is an apparatus for laundry drying. It may also refer to:
Clothesline, a set of moves in professional wrestling
Clothes-Line, an early television documentary on fashion history (1937)
Krishan Chandra Singhal (born 1941) is an Indian pharmacologist and has been serving as founder vice chancellor of NIMS University, Jaipur, India.
Biography
Singhal was born on 16 June 1941 at Aligarh. He completed high school and the earned his BSc from Aligarh Muslim University. He once secured 2nd position in a competition organised under "Physical Culture Test' in 1957-58 session. He did MBBS (1959 batch) and MD (1968) from King George Medical College, Lucknow; PhD (1976) from Sardar Patel Medical College, Bikaner and DSc (2001) from Aligarh Muslim University, Aligarh.
Career
He joined Department of Pharmacology, Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College of Aligarh Muslim University as Assistant Research Officer under a project of Indian Council of Medical Research on 29 January 1968. He then worked as Demonstrator (15 May 1968), appointed Lecturer (1969), Reader (30 March 1979) and Professor (3 May 1988). He became the ‘Chairman', Department of Pharmacology, Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College from 8 August 1990 to 7 August 1996 and then from 8 August 1999 to 7 August 2002.
Scientific contributions
He has made extensive and highly significant contributions in the field of pharmacology. He established new methods for screening antifilarial agents using Setaria cervi as test organism. He is one of the foremost pioneers in the field of Indian Pharmacovigilance and organised many scientific meets in the field of Pharmacovigilance. He founded the Society of Pharmacovigilance, India (SoPI) in 1999.
Bibliography
Manual for Practical exercises in Pharmacy
Manual for Practical exercises in Experimental Pharmacology
Textbook of Pharmacology, JP Brothers, Delhi, India
Family
He belonged to a family of learned physicians and scholars. This family is very well known in Aligarh as a "Doctor Family". His father Dr. Ganga Prasad Gupta was a leading practitioner in Aligarh. The lifelong companion, Professor Usha Singhal is a noted name in the field of Physiology. All his children and their spouses (sons-in-law and daughter-in-law) are also physicians and doctors. Apart from them, Dr. Singhal's brother and sister-in-law are also celebrated practitioners in Aligarh.
Awards and ‘Orations' delivered
BC Sharma Memorial Research Award of Indian Medical Association (1975)
SS Parmar Foundation Award of Indian Academy of Neuroscience (1984)
Major General SL Bhatia Oration Award of Association of Physiologists and Pharmacologists of India (1995)
Colonel RN Chopra Oration Award of Indian Pharmacological Society (1995)
Platinum Jubilee Oration Award of Indian Science Congress Association (1996)
G Achari Oration Award of Indian Pharmacological Society (2001)
John Autian Oration Award of Society of Pharmacovigilance, India (2002)
Distinguished Visiting Professor, University of Tennessee, (2005)
See also
NIMS University, Jaipur
PN Saxena, teacher
Syed Ziaur Rahman, student
References
Living people
People from Aligarh
1941 births
Aligarh Muslim University alumni
Aligarh Muslim University faculty
Founders of Indian schools and colleges
Indian pharmacologists
King George's Medical University alumni
University of Lucknow alumni
Tractatus politicus (TP) or Political Treatise was the last treatise written by Baruch Spinoza. It was written in 1675–76 and published posthumously in 1677. This paper has the subtitle, "In quo demonstratur, quomodo Societas, ubi Imperium Monarchicum locum habet, sicut et ea, ubi Optimi imperant, debet institui, ne in Tyrannidem labatur, et ut Pax, Libertasque civium inviolata maneat." ("In which it is demonstrated how a society, may it be a monarchy or an aristocracy, can be best governed, and not fall into tyranny, and how the peace and liberty of the citizens must not be violated").
Summary
The Political Treatise has eleven Chapters: I. Introduction, II. Of Natural law (referring to his Theologico-Political Treatise), III. Of the Right of Supreme Authorities, IV. Of the Function of Supreme Authorities, V. Of the best State of Dominion, VI. to VII. Of Monarchy, VIII. to X. Of Aristocracy, XI. Of Democracy.
As in Aristotle's Politics, Spinoza analyzes each form of government: monarchy, aristocracy, and democracy without affirming which of these is the best. Unlike Aristotle, Spinoza argued in the last chapter that democracy is not "rule of majority", but freedom for all by the natural law. Although he affirms that women are not equal to men in ability, and addresses the danger of Amazons, he suggests the commonwealth could possibly be governed by both sexes.
The treatise also characterises the notion of peace in Chapter V, section 4, affirming that "Peace is not mere absence of war, but is a virtue that springs from force of character." In the same Chapter, section 7 Niccolò Machiavelli is referred to as stating that the prince should establish and maintain dominion, though why Machiavelli did this is not clear, with the suggestion that Machiavelli is showing how imprudent it is to try to remove a tyrant if one is unable to remove the causes of his being a tyrant. Indeed, it has been suggested that the Political Treatise is an extended response to the authoritarian rule of William of Orange following the invasion of the Netherlands by France in 1672 and which continued as Spinoza was writing the text.
See also
Theologico-Political Treatise
Natural law
Form of government
References
External links
Political philosophy
Works by Baruch Spinoza
Treatises
Zenpo may refer to:
Zenpo Shimabukuro, Karate master, son of Zenryō Shimabukuro (1908–1969)
Komparu Zempō (1454–1520?), actor and playwright
Zenpo Kaiten, a forward roll in Judo
Zenpo-koenfun, keyhole-shaped mounds found on Kofun megalithic tombs or tumuli in Japan, constructed between the early 3rd century and the early 7th century CE
Zenpo Temple in Tsuruoka, Yamagata
Mecistophylla amechanica is a species of snout moth in the genus Mecistophylla. It was described by Turner in 1942 in Queensland, Australia.
References
Moths described in 1942
Tirathabini
The Greenways Alliance of Rhode Island was a non-profit organization dedicated to advocacy for Rhode Island's bike paths, trails and greenspaces. It also served as the state committee of the East Coast Greenway. In Spring 2010, GARI merged with the Providence Bicycle Coalition to become the Rhode Island Bicycle Coalition.
The Greenways Alliance of Rhode Island (GARI) communicated with its members and others through its website www.rigreenways.org and a quarterly newsletter called Trail Mix. Although the organization no loner exists, past members continue to author Trail Mix, which is published with a grant from the R.I. Trails Advisory Committee.
The GARI website has changed names to Rhode Island Greenways. It continues to function as an archive of bike paths, hiking trails and other greenways throughout Rhode Island. It also hosts current and archived versions of the Trail Mix newsletter.
History
GARI began in 1992 as the state committee for the East Coast Greenway. In May 2001, GARI began expanding its focus to include advocacy for all bike paths and bike routes, as well as hiking trails. In Fall 2001, the group began publishing a quarterly newsletter called Trail Mix. In Fall 2002, the group registered a unique domain name for its website, www.rigreenways.org, and has built it into a resource where all groups, not just GARI, can post calendar listings and news.
GARI has been active in advocating for bike paths, bike routes and the Safe Routes to Schools program. The organization has attended numerous meetings to speak on its position. A watershed moment involved rallying support before the Narragansett Town Council in 2003 when local opposition seemed to doom an extension of the South County Bike Path. The result of GARI's actions was a larger turnout of Narragansett residents, not just a small group of abutters, who came out to tell town officials they wanted the bike path. Although the process has been lengthy, the Rhode Island Department of Transportation is finalizing construction of the path and opening it to the public in Summer 2011.
GARI over the years has expanded its focus beyond the bike paths that make up segments of the East Coast Greenway in Rhode Island, and advocated for all paths and trails. The group's constituency has expanded to include hikers, walkers, equestrians, mountain bikers and even canoe and kayak users. It coined the phrase "blueways" and now works jointly with ExploreRI.org to help promote these "water trails."
Event history
Each September, GARI hosts R.I. Trails Month.
The summer edition of Trail Mix is dedicated to blueways and a series of guided paddling excursions throughout Rhode Island.
See also
Blackstone River Bikeway
East Bay Bike Path
Washington Secondary Rail Trail
Non-profit organizations based in Rhode Island
George Ericson (1893–1936), who worked under the name Eugene Iverd, was an American illustrator, teacher, and painter.
Early life
Iverd was born January 13, 1893 in St. Paul, Minnesota, and he graduated from high school in Waseca, Minnesota. He received degrees from the Saint Paul School of Art and The Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia.
Career
Iverd came to Erie, Pennsylvania, in September 1921 directly from the U.S. Army. In the army, he was an instructor at the Walter Reed Hospital in Washington, D.C., where he was located between August 1919 and July 1921. In the summer of 1921 he was hired as an art instructor at the Erie school district assigned to Academy High School. He is remembered fondly as an art instructor among his many successful students that were Joseph Plavcan, Wilbur Adams, Robert Joy, Andrew H. Hintenach, Lester Roesner, and Harry Simpson. When he was at the Art Academy he sent many Erie Students to the Academy of Fine Arts at Philadelphia and at one time there was six of his students out of one hundred.
He gave his time to the art classes until 1930, when his commercial work became too heavy. In his career he designed a series of four calendars and he completed work for Erie Lithograph Co., and work for the U.S. Lithograph Co. in Brooklyn. Iverd was nationally known for the covers he painted for the Saturday Evening Post, McCall's, Ladies Home Journal, and The American Magazine. Also, he made several paintings for the Dorrance Co. (owners of the Campbell's Soup), Successful Farming, Christian Herald, The Rotarian, Monarch Foods, Winchester Western Company, Pure Oil Cooperation, Iodent Toothpaste and the Buffalo Evening News.
Legacy
He used the children of Erie as models for his works. Ericson remained in Erie and did not move to a Metropolitan area because he was assured of securing child models that had the "glow of sunshine in them".
As an illustrator, he shared an important accomplishment alongside artists as Grant Wood, Frederic Remington, Norman Wyeth, Andrew Wyeth, and Norman Rockwell. They all had in common that they sold paintings to the Curtis Publishing Company that were used for covers on the Saturday Evening Post. He produced 29 covers for the Saturday Evening Post between 1926 and his death in 1936.
Many Erie children who posed for Ericson appeared on the cover of magazines, calendars, and advertisements. He had a niche for capturing the joys and wholesomeness of boyhood and children were the subjects of many of his paintings.
In 1930, George and Lillian Ericson purchased a plot in the Glenwood neighborhood of Erie, PA where he personally designed and had built a large house with five bedrooms, two and a half bathrooms, two fireplaces, three chimneys, and many interesting features. The oak beams in the living room ceiling were imported from Canada, and the walls were plastered in the French style, which Ericson personally demonstrated to the craftsmen building his house. The wooden doors inside the house are interesting and unusually shaped; no two are identical. One year after Ericson's sudden 1936 death, Mrs. Lillian Ericson sold the house to Richard and Katherine Yates, and it has since changed hands six more times. In 2002, it underwent a major renovation and refurbishing and much of the original look was restored. Two of the Iverd paintings are still hanging in the house today, including "Fall" above the living room fireplace, as well as one of his Saturday Evening Post covers above the studio fireplace in the room he used for paintings.
In Erie there is a mural by Ericson in the Zem Zem Children's Hospital. A large collection of his work is at the Erie School Board at the Erie History Center.
References
1893 births
1936 deaths
American illustrators
20th-century American painters
American male painters
Artists from Erie, Pennsylvania
Painters from Pennsylvania
Educators from Pennsylvania
Artists from Saint Paul, Minnesota
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts alumni
Educators from Minnesota
20th-century American male artists
Gennadiy Dmitrievich Tsygankov (; 16 August 1947 in Vanino, Soviet Union – 16 February 2006 in Saint Petersburg) was a Soviet and Russian ice hockey player and coach. He trained at the Armed Forces sports society.
Career achievements
Olympic champion, 1972
Olympic champion, 1976
World Champion, 1971, 1972, 1973, 1975, 1978, 1979
European Champion, 1973, 1974, 1975, 1978, 1979
Champion of USSR, 1970–73, 1975, 1977–79
Participant of the Summit Series, 1972
Winner of 1979 Challenge Cup
Clubs
SKA Khabarovsk 1962–69
CSKA Moscow 1969–79
SKA Leningrad 1980
References
External links
1947 births
2006 deaths
Amur Khabarovsk players
Armed Forces sports society athletes
Deaths from cancer in Russia
HC CSKA Moscow players
Ice hockey players at the 1972 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic ice hockey players of the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
People from Vaninsky District
SKA Saint Petersburg players
Soviet ice hockey coaches
Soviet ice hockey players
Medalists at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1972 Winter Olympics
Burials at Serafimovskoe Cemetery
Sportspeople from Khabarovsk Krai
OVN (Open Virtual Network) is a system to support virtual network abstraction. OVN complements the existing capabilities of Open vSwitch to add native support for virtual network abstractions, such as virtual L2 and L3 overlays and security groups.
Overview
OVN is a network virtualization platform that separates the physical network topology from the logical one. Users are able to connect virtual and physical interfaces with logical switches and routers, regardless of the underlying physical topology. Users are also able to define security policies and load-balancing to these logical instances. OVN uses Open vSwitch for its switching fabric and uses tunnels to provide the logical/physical separation.
Open source bindings for OVN are available for a number of platforms, such as OpenStack and Kubernetes. OVN is the SDN platform used in a number of Red Hat products, including Red Hat Virtualization, OpenStack, and OpenShift.
OVN is written in platform-independent C language, which provides easy portability to various environments. The source code is licensed under the Apache License 2.0.
Features
As of May 2018, features provided by OVN include the following:
Logical switches
Flexible L2/L3/L4 security policies
Distributed logical IPv4 and IPv6 routers
Native support for NAT, load-balancing, and DHCP
L2 and L3 gateways
See also
Network virtualization
Open vSwitch
Software-defined networking (SDN)
References
Computing platforms
AlphaBay is a darknet market operating both as an onion service on the Tor network and as an I2P node on I2P. After it was shut down in July 2017 following law enforcement action in the United States, Canada, and Thailand as part of Operation Bayonet, it was relaunched in August 2021 by the self-described co-founder and security administrator DeSnake. The alleged original founder, Alexandre Cazes, a Canadian citizen born on 19 October 1991, was found dead in his cell in Thailand several days after his arrest, with police suspecting suicide.
History
AlphaBay reportedly launched in September 2014, pre-launched in November 2014 and officially launched on December 22, 2014. It saw a steady growth, with 14,000 new users in the first 90 days of operation. The darknet informer website Gwern.net placed AlphaBay Market in the top tier of markets regarding the 6-month survival probability and it had proven to be successful. In October 2015, it was recognized as the largest online darknet market according to Dan Palumbo, research director at Digital Citizens Alliance.
Non-standard services included customizable digital contracts around building reputations.
In May 2015, the site announced an integrated digital contracts and escrow system. The contract system allows users to make engagements and agree to provide services in the future, according to the terms of the contract.
By October 2015, AlphaBay had over 200,000 users.
At the time of its demise in July 2017, AlphaBay had over 400,000 users.
AlphaBay is noteworthy in the world of darknet markets for accepting another cryptocurrency in addition to bitcoin; support for Monero, supposedly more anonymous, was implemented at the end of August 2016.
Site breaches
In April 2016, AlphaBay's API was compromised leading to 13,000 messages being stolen. In January 2017, the API was once again compromised, allowing over 200,000 private messages from the last 30 days and a list of usernames to be leaked. The attack was from a single hacker who was paid by AlphaBay for the disclosure. AlphaBay reported that the exploit had only been used in conjunction with this attack and not used previously.
News coverage
On March 28, 2015, AlphaBay Market made the news for selling stolen Uber accounts. Uber made a statement regarding a potential data breach:
"We investigated and found no evidence of a breach. Attempting to fraudulently access or sell accounts is illegal and we notified the authorities about this report. This is a good opportunity to remind people to use strong and unique usernames and passwords and to avoid reusing the same credentials across multiple sites and services."
In October 2015, the London-based telecommunications company TalkTalk sustained a major hack. The stolen data was put for sale on AlphaBay Market, which led to the arrest of a 15-year-old boy. TalkTalk CEO Dido Harding issued the following statement:
"TalkTalk constantly updates its systems to make sure they are as secure as possible against the rapidly evolving threat of cyber crime, impacting an increasing number of individuals and organisations. We take any threat to the security of our customers' data extremely seriously and we are taking all the necessary steps to understand what has happened here."
In August 2017, AlphaBay was revealed as a possible venue by which one of the perpetrators of the 2017 Jewish Community Center bomb threats may have sold a "School Email Bomb Threat Service." This individual, Michael Kadar, made 245 threatening calls to schools and community centers. Criminologist David Decary-Hetu noted this event as notable for being the first example of criminal services being sold over a darkmarket. He said, "All the cases I have heard of so far turned out to be law enforcement trying to find people of interest," making this case unique in his experience to that point.
Seizure and shutdown
By July 2017, AlphaBay was ten times the size of its predecessor Silk Road (which was busted in October 2013), had over 369,000 listings, 400,000 users, was facilitating US$600,000-$800,000 of transactions per day, and had reportedly built a strong reputation. However, a series of elementary operational security errors led to its downfall:
About the time the service first began in December 2014, Cazes used his Hotmail address pimp_alex_91@hotmail.com as the 'From' address in system generated welcome and password reset emails, which he also used for his LinkedIn profile and his legitimate computer repair business in Canada.
Cazes used a pseudonym, Alpha02, to run the site which he had previously used (e.g., in carding and tech forums) since at least 2008, and variously advertised this identity as the "designer", "administrator" and "owner" of the site.
When Cazes was arrested, he was logged into his laptop performing an administrative reboot on an AlphaBay server in direct response to a law-enforcement-created artificial system failure; furthermore, encryption was wholly absent on said laptop.
Cazes' laptop reportedly contained an unencrypted personal net worth statement mapping all global assets across multiple jurisdictions, conveniently leading police to complete asset seizure.
The servers were hosted at a company in Canada directly linked to his person.
The servers contained multiple constantly open (unencrypted) hot cryptocurrency wallets.
Cazes' flashy use of proceeds to purchase property, passports and luxury cars and frequent online boasting about his financial successes, including posting videos of himself driving luxury cars acquired through illegal proceeds, not only revealed his geographical location, it perforce made denying connection to the service impossible.
Assets acquired through proceeds were held in a variety of accounts directly linked to Cazes, his wife and companies they owned in Thailand (the same jurisdiction they lived), as well as directly held personal accounts in Liechtenstein, Cyprus, Switzerland and Antigua.
Cazes' statements about the goal of the site — "launched in September 2014 and its goal is to become the largest eBay-style underworld marketplace" — helped to legally establish intent.
Timeline
Law enforcement took at least one month to obtain a US warrant, then over one month to obtain foreign warrants, prepare for and execute searches and seizures in Canada and Thailand:
Early May 2017: Law Enforcement verifiably active on the site since at least this period.
1 June 2017: Warrant issued by United States District Court for the Eastern District of California for racketeering, narcotics trafficking, identity theft and access device fraud, transfer of false ID, trafficking in illegal device making equipment, and conspiracy to commit money laundering.
30 June 2017: Warrant is issued for Cazes' arrest in Thailand at US request.
5 July 2017
Canadian police raid EBX Technologies in Montreal, Cazes' Canadian company and the reported location of the physical servers, as well as two residential properties in Trois-Rivières.
Cazes is arrested in Bangkok at his dwelling at Phutthamonthon Sai 3 Road in Thawi Watthana district which is searched by the Royal Thai Police, with the help of the FBI and DEA.
12 July 2017: Cazes' suspected suicide by hanging while in custody at Thailand's Narcotics Suppression Bureau headquarters in Laksi district, Bangkok, was reportedly discovered at 7AM. He was due to face US extradition.
16 July 2017: Cazes' wife was reported as having been charged with money laundering.
20 July 2017; U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announces shutdown of the site.
23 July 2017: Narcotics Suppression Bureau chief is interviewed and suggests that more suspects will be arrested soon.
Relaunch
As early as 8 August 2021, AlphaBay was online again. Details of the new operation surfaced after a conversation between Wired and a user with the same verified public key as a former site administrator for AlphaBay. Using the alias DeSnake, the former vendor and self-described co-founder of the original AlphaBay now claims to operate the marketplace, placing a higher emphasis on operations security than the previous administration, stating "there is no overkill" regarding the site.
As part of the site's relaunch, multiple new features have been advertised and new rules announced. Notable among new features are AlphaGuard (which allegedly prevents users from losing funds even if seizures on all servers occur at the same time), an automatic system to resolve disputes between buyers and sellers, exclusive use of Monero wallets, and the offering of I2P mirrors. Concerning rules, items newly prohibited from sale include COVID-19 vaccines, firearms, products containing the narcotic fentanyl, pornography, and "hitman services". Furthermore, there is a ban on discussions of any public or private information related to the governments, organizations, or people of Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Armenia, and Kyrgyzstan. This has led to loose speculation that there is a connection between the site operators and the governments of these nations.
References
See also
Internet properties established in 2014
Tor onion services
Darknet markets
Carding (fraud)
Internet properties disestablished in 2017
The white-bellied tyrannulet (Serpophaga munda) is a small species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It breeds in the Andes of Bolivia and northern Argentina ; it migrates as far east as Uruguay. It is found in open forest, woodland and various open habitats with scattered trees. It is closely related to, and by several authorities considered a subspecies of the white-crested tyrannulet, which has a yellow belly. There is complete intergradation between them in belly color and they do not seem to differ vocally. Another yellow-bellied (occasionally white-bellied) and on average shorter-tailed, vocally distinct species, the Straneck's tyrannulet, was for a period mistakenly referred to by the scientific name Serpophaga griseiceps, but that name is a junior synonym of Serpophaga munda.
References
https://www.hbw.com/species/white-bellied-tyrannulet-serpophaga-munda
http://www.xeno-canto.org/article/189
white-bellied tyrannulet
Birds of the Southern Andean Yungas
white-bellie tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Kõige Suurem Sõber (Estonian for The Biggest Friend) was a long-running children's TV show on Estonian Television in the early 1980s. It featured a big orange furry creature called Leopold (played by Harry Kõrvits) and a host of other more or less recurring characters, and is for many Estonians a symbol of childhood and/or children's TV.
Unfortunately, most of the magnetic video tapes used for storage of the show have been recycled due to the perestroika-era deficits. However, a small number of the episodes have remained, and are now available from ETV on both VHS and DVD.
Major characters
Leopold
The main character of the show. Played by Harry Kõrvits in a fursuit.
Postikana
A chicken serving as a postmaster of the show. Puppeteered by Hendrik Toompere.
Onu Raivo
Playing himself, a freelance artist. See Raivo Järvi.
Äpu
A small and shy character living inside one of Leopold's drawers. Puppeteered by Heino Seljamaa.
Minor recurring characters
Anekdoot
This character lived inside one of Leopold's cupboards, and sometimes told a joke after the main show. He had no other relations to the other characters.
2007 parody controversy
In early 2007, Ken Saan and others planned to introduce an irreverent parody show "Täna Õhtul Leo Põld" (Tonight Leo Põld) reusing, in grotesque ways, characters of this show. Many people considered this extremely inappropriate, and objected in various ways. Although the first few episodes were produced, the show was withdrawn before broadcasting the pilot episode, scheduled for 15 May 2007, due to death of Dan Põldroos, one of the main actors of the parody.
In response to the controversy, Estonian National Broadcasting, a successor of Estonian Television and Estonian Radio, decided to trademark some of its most well-known characters, including those of Kõige suurem sõber.
Broadcasting of the pilot episode was rescheduled to 6 September 2007 at 22:05, but on 5 September 2007, the Harju County Court issued a temporary injunction against broadcasting until ETV's trademark claims have been tried.
On 29 January 2009, Harju Maakohus dismissed the lawsuit and lifted all related temporary injunctions, ruling that the plaintiff has not proven that the defendant is the show's producer, and therefore, that the appropriate defendant was sued.
References
1980s Estonian television series
Television shows featuring puppetry
Kong Lingwei (; born 28 July 1995 in Boli, Qitaihe) is a Chinese female sprinter, the goldlist for 4 × 100 metres relay title at 2014 Asian Games in Incheon. Setting an Asian record of female 4 × 200 metres relay in result of 1:34.89, she ranked the 4th for 200 metres relay at 2015 IAAF World Relays in the Bahamas.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Chinese female sprinters
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
People from Qitaihe
Runners from Heilongjiang
The grey-green scrubwren (Aethomyias arfakianus) is a species of bird in the family Acanthizidae. It is found in the highlands of New Guinea ; its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical montane forests.
This scrubwren was formerly placed in the genus Sericornis, but following the publication of a molecular phylogenetic study of the scrubwrens in 2018, it was moved to the resurrected genus Aethomyias.
References
grey-green scrubwren
grey-green scrubwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Corinne Müller (born 20 November 1975 in Brugg) is a retired Swiss athlete who specialised in the high jump. She represented her country at the 2004 Summer Olympics without reaching the final. Her indoor personal best of 1.92 metres is the Swiss national record for the event. She also occasionally competed in the long jump and triple jump.
Competition record
Personal bests
Outdoor
High jump – 1.93 (Zug 2005)
Long jump – 5.90 (+0.1 m/s) (Basel 2004)
Triple jump – 12.87 (-0.4 m/s) (Basel 2004)
Indoor
High jump – 1.92 (Magglingen 2005) NR
Triple jump – 13.01 (Magglingen 2005)
References
1975 births
Living people
People from Brugg
Swiss female high jumpers
Olympic athletes of Switzerland
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Aargau
Süleyman Şefik Pasha () was the commander of the Kuvâ-i İnzibâtiyye, an army established on 18 April 1920 by the Imperial Government of the Ottoman Empire in order to fight against the Turkish National Movement in the aftermath of World War I.
Biography
He was born in 1860 in Erzurum to Ali Kemali Pasha, who served as governor of Rumelia (the Balkans), Tripolitania (Libya), Mosul, and Konya. His Turkish family was long known as the Söylemezoğulları (descendants of a man nicknamed Söylemez, "won't tell").
The Kuvâ-i İnzibâtiyye was supported by the British so as to enforce British policy in Anatolia and enforce the partitioning and stabilize the remnants of the defeated Ottoman Empire.
He was the grandfather of Turkish musician Şehrazat and the father of Princess Perizat Osmanoğlu and Siham Kemali Söylemezoğlu, the first mining magnate in Turkey. After the Surname Law of 1934, his family adopted their family name as their official surname, Söylemezoğlu. The Kuvâ-i İnzibâtiyye was supported by the British so as to enforce British policy in Anatolia and enforce the partitioning and stabilize the remnants of the defeated Ottoman Empire. It was led by him.
He died in 1946 in İstanbul.
Pashas
Ottoman Army personnel
1860 births
1946 deaths
The Kinsale Sevens (also known as Heineken Kinsale Sevens, Kinsale Sevens By The Sea) is Ireland and Europe's premier seven-a-side club rugby event. The event takes place across the May Bank Holiday Weekend (Friday to Sunday) at the Kinsale Rugby Football Club, Kinsale, Ireland and sees teams from around the world compete against each other in ladies', men's (junior and senior) and veteran competitions.
Format
Participants find themselves battling it out over a two-day period (Saturday and Sunday - traditionally, the Friday is dedicated to a fun 10-a-side competition) with the finals of the feature events taking place on the Sunday.
The event is open to everyone and applications to participate can be submitted to the official website.
Notable past winners
South Sea Drifters (Fiji)
Kooga Wailers (Eng)
Wekas (NZ)
Marauders (Eng)
De La Salle Palmerston (Irl)
Clontarf RFC (Irl)
Cork Constitution (Irl)
Garryowen Football Club (Irl)
Shannon RFC (Irl)
Gloucester Rugby (Eng)
Waterpark (Irl)
Dungannon RFC (Irl)
Fiji Babaas (Fiji)
Susie Saloons (Netherlands)
Seven Minute Abs (Irl)
References
External links
Kinsale Sevens
Rugby sevens competitions in Europe
Rugby union competitions in Munster
Sport in Kinsale
Rugby sevens in Ireland
International rugby union competitions hosted by Ireland
USS Metha Nelson (IX‑74) was a wooden‑hulled sailing schooner of the United States Navy during World War II.
The ship was completed in 1896 by H. D. Hendrixsen of Eureka, California, and hauled cargo, primarily lumber, from Maine to Singapore, and appeared in several films. Included in her credits was the portrayal of Captain Bligh's ship in the 1935 film Mutiny on the Bounty.
Service history
Metha Nelson was purchased by the US Navy from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on 11 June 1942, converted by the Craig Shipyard, Long Beach, California, and placed on service 25 September 1943.
Charged with the identification of all ships trafficking in and out of Los Angeles, she lay off the city for the duration of her naval service, also acting as pilot ship.
Placed out of service on 25 September 1945, she was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 24 October 1945, turned over to War Shipping Administration a week later, and sold back to her former owner.
References
External links
Ships built in Eureka, California
Schooners of the United States Navy
Lumber schooners
1896 ships
This is a list of programs broadcast by Global Reality Channel, a defunct Canadian English language Category B specialty channel owned by Shaw Media. The channel broadcast reality television series and related programming.
Past programming
The Apprentice (UK)
Are You Smarter Than a Canadian 5th Grader?
Big Brother
Big Brother After Dark
Bridezillas
Cake Walk
Canada Sings
Dinner Party Wars
Fear Factor
From the Ground Up
Hell's Kitchen
Hoarders
Intervention Canada
Kitchen Nightmares
The Last 10 Pounds Bootcamp
Mob Wives
Party Mamas
The Real Housewives of Atlanta
The Real Housewives of New Jersey
The Real Housewives of New York City
Reality Obsessed
Rehab at the Hard Rock
Restaurant Makeover
Survivor
Top Chef Canada
Tori & Dean: Home Sweet Hollywood
Total Wipeout
TV with TV's Jonathan Torrens
Wedding Wars
Wipeout Canada
X-Weighted
See also
List of programs broadcast by Global
Global Reality Channel
Global Television Network
References
http://www.globalreality.com
Global Reality
Uncial 058 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 010 (von Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 4th century.
Description
The codex contains a part of the Gospel of Matthew (18:18-19.22-23.25-26.28-29), on 1 parchment leaf (19 cm by 13 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 26 lines per page.
18:18
ΕΠ[ι της γης ε]
ΣΤΑΙΔ[εδεμε]
ΝΑΕΝΤ[ω ουρα]
ΝΩ ΚΑΙ ΟΣΛ [..]
ΛΥΣΑΤΕΠΙΤΗΣ
[γ]ΕΣΕΣΤΑΙΛΕΛΥ
[μ]εναεντωου
[ρ]ΑΝΩ
18:22
ΚΙΣΑ[λ]Λ[α εως εβδο]
[α]ΜΙΝΑΜΗΝΑΕ
ΜΗΚ[ο]ΝΤΛ[κις ε]
[γ]ΩΥΜΙΝΟΤΙ
ΠΤΛ
ΔΙΑΤ[ου]
ΕΑΝΔΥΟΕΞΥΜΩ
ΤΟΟΜΟΙΩΟ[η]ΗΒ[α]
18:19 ΣΥΜΦΩΝΗΣΩ
18:28
[οφειλε]ΝΑΥ
[τω εκατον δ]ΗΝΑΠΙΑ
[και κρ[ΑΤΗΣΑΣ
[α]υτονεπνι
ΓΕΝΑΕΓΩΝΑ
ΠΟΔΟΣΕΠΕ[ων]
18:25
[αποδοθη]ΝΑΙ ΦΕΙΛΕΙΣΠΕΣ[ων]
18:26 [πεσων]ΟΥΝΟΔΥ ΟΥΝΟΣΥΝΔΟ[υ]
[λος]ΠΡΟΣΕΚΥΝΕΙ 18:29 ΛΟΣΑΥΤΟΥΠΑ
α]ΥΤΩΛΕΓΩΝΚΕ ΡΕΚΑΛΕΙ ΑΥΤ[ον]
ΜΑΚΡΟΘΥΜΗΣΟ ΛΕΓΩΝΜΑΚΡ[ο]
[ε]ΠΕΜΕΚΑΙΠΑΝ ΘΥΜΕΣΟΝΕΠΕ
The Greek text of this codex Kurt Aland, with some hesitation, placed in Category III.
The manuscript was examined by Karl Wessely (1900), Joseph Karabacek, and C. R. Gregory (1887). Gregory gave for it siglum 058.
Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 4th century.
The codex is located at the Austrian National Library (Pap. G. 39782), in Vienna.
See also
List of New Testament uncials
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
Greek New Testament uncials
4th-century biblical manuscripts
Biblical manuscripts of the Austrian National Library
Ziba Shirazi is an Iranian-American writer, poet, singer, songwriter, storyteller and ghostwriter. As a poet and music artist, she is best known for her poignant songs and storytelling through poetry. Ziba's compositions blend together flavors of Persian melodies with world music and jazz.
Early life and education
Ziba grew up in Iran, surrounded by music in a family of musicians and music lovers. Her passion for performance was apparent at an early age; she started writing her own poetry at 15, and dreamed of one day becoming a performer. In her teens she became enchanted by the American musicals, My Fair Lady and Fiddler on the Roof, featured in the movie theatres in Tehran, and later on Broadway musicals continued to be a great source of inspiration.
In 1985, Ziba left Iran for the United States, where despite all difficulties she single-handedly produced and promoted the first of seven albums "Red Apple," in 1991. This album, which had been rejected by Iranian music producers because of its unconventional lyrics and melodies, became a sensational success soon after its launch.
Career
Referred to as the 'Voice of Women' in the Iranian community, Ziba's lyrics are colored by passionate feminist tones, love, compassion and universal human stories. "Obviously, I am a shameless romantic and shamelessly, a woman. The beauty that I see is abundant and joyful and always full of love, passion and sensuality, as they are my salvation."
Her collaboration with Chilean-American Jazz pianist, Dr. Jose-Miguel Yamal, has deepened the presence of jazz and Latin music in her performances. They have performed together worldwide since 2006. As Matthew Crosier from CBC radio says, "You can expect perfect pitch voice and a top-notch band." In 2009, Ziba created Story & Song, a lyrical storytelling performance, set to live music with video projections featuring stories of Iranian immigrants and their struggles since the Islamic Revolution. This project, which was also the subject of Ziba's Master's thesis in Performance and Communication at California State University in Los Angeles, has been performed across the US and Canada.
In 2009, Ziba created Story & Song, a lyrical storytelling performance, set to live music with video projections featuring stories of Iranian immigrants and their struggles since the Islamic Revolution. This project, which was also the subject of Ziba's Master's thesis in Performance and Communication at California State University in Los Angeles, has been performed across the US and Canada. Together with Dr. Kamran Afay, Ziba's thesis turned into a book, “Iranian Diaspora Identities: Stories and Songs.” published by Rowman and Littlefield, in 2020. The book contains eighteen stories and monologues of diaspora journeys that were performed by Ziba during 2009-2019 in numerous theatres, libraries, university campuses and other venues. The stories are contextualized in two chapters that situate them in contemporary works of literature and performance on Iranian diaspora, and analyze some themes of the stories based on a model of social drama.
Another one of Ziba's lifetime dreams was achieved in 2014, when she staged her first musical production, Spring Love, at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art. Spring Love celebrates the dynamic tradition of Nowruz through the story of three generations experiencing love at first sight, and it will go on stage at SOKA Performing Art Center in February 2015. Through her new ongoing projects, Story & Song featuring stories of Iranian immigrants, and Spring Love, a musical love story, Ziba remains an influential musician.
Discography
Red Apple (Sibe Sorkh) (1993)
Zananeha (1998)
Live in Concert (1999)
Seven Stars (2001)
Lost Dreams (2002)
Fresh Breeze (2005)
My Man (2011)
Bahar (2014)
Love Story (2015)
See also
Music of Iran
List of Iranian musicians
References
External links
http://www.zibashirazi.com/
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2l7DApUy3ZsPTfkNjL3LhA?sub_confirmation=1
https://www.instagram.com/zibashirazi/
https://www.facebook.com/zibashirazi
https://artists.spotify.com/c/artist/2CMTv2W9mKOoDSBDcdyfse/profile/overview
https://open.spotify.com/show/4T7ywl5qCl9fGoDMmaIqUj
21st-century Iranian women singers
Iranian emigrants to the United States
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American writers of Iranian descent
20th-century Iranian women singers
Everything Is New is the second album from British singer-songwriter Jack Peñate. It was released on 22 June 2009 on XL Recordings. It received much more favourable reviews than his debut Matinée.
The song "Every Glance" features backing vocals from Adele.
Track listing
"Pull My Heart Away" – 4:11
"Be the One" – 4:12
"Everything Is New" – 4:05
"Tonight's Today" – 3:23
"So Near" – 3:37
"Every Glance" – 4:15
"Give Yourself Away" – 3:02
"Let's All Die" – 3:32
"Body Down" – 4:06
Charts
References
2009 albums
Jack Peñate albums
XL Recordings albums
Albums produced by Paul Epworth
Hayston is an unincorporated community in Newton County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
A post office was established at Hayston in 1893, and remained in operation until 1957. The community was named after its resident postmaster, Alexander S. Hays.
References
Unincorporated communities in Newton County, Georgia
Sea Raiders is a 1941 Universal film serial starring the Dead End Kids and Little Tough Guys. This was the teen stars' second of three serials, between Junior G-Men (1940) and Junior G-Men of the Air (1942). Sea Raiders was the 52nd serial to be released by Universal (or the 120th if silent serials are counted). The plot concerns the heroes foiling Nazi attacks on American shipping.
Plot
The Sea Raiders, a band of foreign agents, led by Carl Tonjes, and secretly by Elliott Carlton, blow up a freighter on which Billy Adams and Toby Nelson have stowed away to avoid Brack Warren, a harbor patrol officer assigned to guard a new type of torpedo boat built by Billy's brother, Tom Adams. Intended targets or not, getting blown up does not set well with Billy and Toby and, together with their gang coupled with the members of the Little Tough Guys, they find the Sea Raiders' island hideout, investigate the seacoast underground arsenal of these saboteurs, get blasted from the air, dragged to their doom, become victims of the storm, entombed in a tunnel and even periled by a panther before they don't the uniforms of some captured Sea Raiders and board a yacht that serves as headquarters for the Raiders.
Cast
The Dead End Kids and the Little Tough Guys
Billy Halop as Billy Adams
Huntz Hall as Toby Nelson
Gabriel Dell as Bilge
Bernard Punsly as Butch
Hally Chester as Swab
Joe Recht as Lug
Additional principal cast
Reed Hadley as Carl Tonjes
William Hall as Brack Warren
Mary Field as Aggie Nelson
John McGuire as Tom Adams
Marcia Ralston as Leah Carlton
Edward Keane as Elliott Carlton
Stanley Blystone as Captain Olaf Nelson, chief henchman
Richard Alexander as Henchman Jenkins
Ernie Adams as Henchman Zeke
Production
Stunts
Bud Geary
Eddie Parker doubling Eddie Dunn
Tom Steele doubling Reed Hadley
Dale Van Sickel
Bud Wolfe doubling Richard Bond, Morgan Wallace & John McGuire
Duke York doubling Huntz Hall
Chapter titles
The Raider Strikes
Flaming Torture
The Tragic Crash
The Raider Strikes Again
Flames of Fury
Blasted from the Air
Victims of the Storm
Dragged to Their Doom
Battling the Sea Beast
Periled by a Panther
Entombed in the Tunnel
Paying the Penalty
Source:
References
External links
1941 films
American World War II propaganda films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Universal Pictures film serials
Seafaring films
Films directed by Ford Beebe
Films directed by John Rawlins
1941 adventure films
American adventure films
Avik Mukhopadhyay is an Indian cinematographer who works in Bengali and Hindi films. He collaborated with eminent directors like Rituparno Ghosh, Aparna Sen, Srijit Mukherji, Kamaleshwar Mukherjee, Anik Dutta, Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury, Shoojit Sircar and Sujoy Ghosh. Some of his most notable works include Chokher Bali, Patalghar, Bhalo Theko, Raincoat, Dosar, The Last Lear, Antaheen, Abohomaan, Chitrangada: The Crowning Wish, Rajkahini, October, Password, Borunbabur Bondhu and Sardar Udham. He is the recipient of the National Film Award for Best Cinematography three times and the Filmfare Award for Best Cinematographer once. He studied the cinematography at the Film and television Institute of India.
Filmography
As Cinematographer
Awards and nominations
National Film Awards
Filmfare Awards
IIFA Awards
References
External links
Bengali film cinematographers
Living people
University of Calcutta alumni
Best Cinematography National Film Award winners
Cinematographers from West Bengal
Year of birth missing (living people)
Filmfare Awards winners
Gominolas () is a Spanish comedy television series. Produced by Globomedia, it aired on Cuatro from November to December 2007. It was presented as featuring an "acid and corrosive" brand of humour.
Premise
The fiction follows the lives of Benja, Bruno, Susana and Tinín, four of the five members of Gominolas (a fictional teen pop band popular in the 1980s, somewhat reminiscent of the real band Parchís) but in their thirties, 20 years later, meeting on the occasion of the death of Ingrid (the fifth member), when all of them have broken, failed lives, both at the professional and personal level.
Cast
Fernando Tejero as Benja.
Arturo Valls as Bruno.
Kira Miró as Susana.
as Tinín.
Lluís Homar as Jimmy Star, Benja's father.
Mariona Ribas as Noelia, Benja's sister.
Fernando Otero as Moncho, Susana's husband.
Fernando Albizu as Richi, a fan of the group.
Borja Sicilia as Samuel, son of Ingrid, the deceased member of Gominolas whose death brings the group together.
Production and release
Produced by Globomedia, the series was created by Nacho García Velilla, credited as executive producer, director and screenplay coordinator. The musical score was a work by Fernando Velázquez. Episodes featured a length of 30 minutes, an unusual format for Spanish series. The series pioneered the use of single-camera setup in Spain. Extensively promoted by the channel, the first episode premiered on 6 November 2007, earning the best viewership figures in the history of the channel, with over 3 million viewers and a 17.1% audience share. Interest in the series rapidly waned and the broadcasting run ended on 18 December with a meagre 6.7% share. While the average figures (1,985,000 viewers, 10.4% share) were above the channel's average, the series was not renovated.
References
Cuatro (TV channel) original programming
2000s Spanish comedy television series
2007 Spanish television series debuts
2007 Spanish television series endings
Television series set in the 2000s
2000s black comedy television series
Spanish-language television shows
Television series by Globomedia
The national flag of Bhutan () is one of the national symbols of Bhutan. The flag features a Chinese dragon (druk [Wylie 'brug] in Dzongkha, the Bhutanese language) from Bhutanese mythology. This alludes to the Dzongkha name of Bhutan – Druk Yul (འབྲུག་ཡུལ་, 'brug yul, lit. "Dragon Country" or "Dragon Kingdom") – as well as the Drukpa Lineage of Tibetan Buddhism, which is the dominant religion of Bhutan.
The basic design of the flag by Mayum Choying Wangmo Dorji dates to 1947. A version was displayed in 1949 at the signing of the Indo-Bhutan Treaty. A second version was introduced in 1956 for the visit of Druk Gyalpo Jigme Dorji Wangchuck to eastern Bhutan; it was based upon photos of its 1949 predecessor and featured a white Druk in place of the green original. The Bhutanese subsequently redesigned their flag to match the measurements of the flag of India, which they believed fluttered better than their own. Other modifications such as changing the red background color to orange led to the current design, in use since 1969. The National Assembly of Bhutan codified a code of conduct in 1972 to formalize the flag's design and establish protocol regarding acceptable flag sizes and conditions for flying the flag.
Current national flag
Design
The current flag is divided diagonally from the lower hoist-side corner, with the upper triangle yellow and the lower triangle orange. Centred along the dividing line is a large black and white dragon facing away from the hoist side. The dragon is holding a norbu, or jewel, in each of its claws. The background colours of the flag, yellow and orange, are identified as Pantone 116 and 165 respectively. Equivalents of these shades and the white of the Druk are specified by various other codes according to particular matching systems as indicated below.
The dimensions of the flag must maintain a 3:2 ratio. The following sizes have been declared standard by the Government of Bhutan:
, for car flags.
Symbolism
According to The Legal Provisions of the National Flag of the Kingdom of Palden Drukpa as Endorsed in Resolution 28 of the 36th Session of the National Assembly held on June 8, 1972, and as restated in the Constitution of 2008, the yellow signifies civil tradition and temporal authority as embodied in the Druk Gyalpo, the Dragon King of Bhutan, whose royal garb traditionally includes a yellow kabney (scarf). The orange half signifies Buddhist spiritual tradition, particularly the Drukpa Kagyu and Nyingma schools. The dragon spreads equally over the line between the colors. Its placement in the center of the flag over the dividing line between the flag's two colors signifies the equal importance of both civic and monastic traditions in the Kingdom of Druk (Bhutan) and evokes the strength of the sacred bond between sovereign and people. The dragon's white color signifies the purity of inner thoughts and deeds that unite all the ethnically and linguistically diverse peoples of Bhutan. The jewels held in Druk's claws represent Bhutan's wealth and the security and protection of its people, while the dragon's snarling mouth symbolizes Bhutanese deities' commitment to the defense of Bhutan.
Historic evolution
The Centre for Bhutan Studies and GNH Research, an independent Bhutanese research centre, in 2002 issued a paper (henceforth the "CBS document") that is the only readily available account from Bhutan of the historical development of the national flag. The document draws heavily on first-hand accounts obtained through interviews with individuals personally involved in the creation and modification of the flag in Bhutan, from the late 1940s until the adoption of the current flag around 1970. This report is therefore a significant primary source for information about the history of the Bhutanese flag. But in the description of the flag from 1949, the document is not in complete accord with photos of the flag (as discussed below), making it difficult to interpret some of the document's assertions. As a record, however, of the few primary sources remaining – namely, the people involved in the flag's history and the handful of existing government records – it represents a valuable source of information about the otherwise poorly documented evolution of the Bhutanese flag.
First national flag (1949)
The CBS document states that the first national flag was designed upon the request of Jigme Wangchuck, the second Druk Gyalpo of the 20th-century Kingdom of Bhutan, and was introduced in 1949 during the signing of the Indo-Bhutan Treaty. While the document does not provide an illustration of the original design, black-and-white photographs taken at this historic event provide images of the first Bhutanese flag at the ceremony.
The design of the flag is credited to Mayum Choying Wangmo Dorji in 1947. Lharip Taw Taw, one of the few painters available to the royal court at the time, is said to have embroidered the flag. Druk was colored green in accordance with traditional and religious references to yu druk ngon ma (), or "turquoise druk". Today, a modern reproduction of this historic original (with several significant changes influenced by the modern flag) is displayed behind the throne in the National Assembly Hall in Thimphu.
According to the CBS document, the original Bhutanese flag was a bicolour square flag divided diagonally from the lower hoist to the upper fly. The field of yellow extended from the hoist to the upper fly, and the red field extended from the fly end to the lower hoist. In the centre of the flag, at the convergence of the yellow and red fields, is a green Druk, located parallel to the bottom edge and facing the fly.
However, the CBS document does not illustrate the early versions of the flag and its description of the 1949 flag is not entirely consistent with the photos surviving from 1949. It describes the flag as "square", while the proportions of the flag in the photographs appear closer to 4:5. The document describes the dragon as "facing the fly end", while the dragon visible in the photos faces the hoist. The dragon is described as "parallel to the fly" (meaning, according to a diagram in the document, parallel to the length along the bottom edge of the flag), while the dragon in the photos appears to have a slightly rising vertical slant. The dragon is described as "green", but the shade in the photos, if indeed green, must be very pale.
Western flag books until after 1970 generally show the Bhutanese flag closely resembling the 1949 photos.
Changes in 1956
The second version of the national flag was developed in 1956 for the visit of the third Druk Gyalpo Jigme Dorji Wangchuk to eastern Bhutan. During the trip the Druk Gyalpo's Secretariat began to use flags of a new design based upon a photograph of the first national flag of 1949, with the colour of the dragon changed from green to white. The retinue of the Druk Gyalpo included a convoy consisting of over one hundred ponies; a small version of the flag was placed on the saddle of every tenth pony, and a large flag approximately in size was flown in the camp every evening, hoisted to the sound of a bugle.
Changes after 1956
Beginning in the late 1950s, Dasho Shingkhar Lam, former Secretary to Jigme Dorji Wangchuck and Sixth Speaker of the National Assembly (1971–74), was requested by the king to make several modifications to the flag; he is responsible for its current design, which has remained unchanged since 1969. The king was reportedly dissatisfied that the early square Bhutanese flags did not flutter like the rectangular Indian flag displayed on the visit of an Indian official to the country. The standard measurements of the flag of Bhutan were thereafter altered to resemble the flag of India, which was 9 feet by 6 feet.
In another change, the dragon, which had formerly been placed in a roughly horizontal position in the center of the flag, was repositioned to spread out over the diagonal dividing line between the background colours. This change sought to avoid having the dragon "face the earth" when the flag was hanging limp. Bhutanese artist Kilkhor Lopen Jada painted a new design for the druk in which the curves of the dragon's body are relaxed to create a somewhat longer and more gently undulating shape.
The CBS document states that the king ordered the colour of the lower half changed from red to orange "sometime in 1968 or 69."
The Bhutanese flag was flown abroad beside another nation's flag for the first time in 1961 during a state visit to India by Jigme Dorji Wangchuck. This visit inaugurated a new level of relations between the two countries.
Code of conduct
On 8 June 1972 the National Assembly of Bhutan approved Resolution 28, bringing into effect National Flag Rules drafted by the Cabinet. The rules have eight provisions covering the description and symbolism of the flag's colouring, fields and design elements. Other rules relate to the size of the flag as well as flag protocol including the appropriate places and occasions for flying the flag and who may display the flag on cars. In general, the flag is given as much respect as the Bhutanese state and the head of state. As in the United States Flag Code, no other flags must be placed higher than the Bhutanese flag, the flag cannot be used as a cover or drape (with some exceptions) and the flag must not touch the ground. Other provisions include prohibitions on including the design in other objects or in a logo. Exceptionally, the flag may be used to drape coffins, but only those of high-ranking state officials such as ministers or military personnel.
The 1972 rules also provide that "every dzongkhag [district headquarters] will hoist the national flag. Where there are no dzongkhag, the national flag will be hoisted in front of the office of the main government officer".
Officials above the rank of minister are allowed to fly the flag at their residence provided they do not live near the capital. The tradition of flying the national flag in front of government offices had not existed in Bhutan prior to 1968 but was decreed standard practice by the Druk Gyalpo after his Secretariat was moved from the city of Taba to Tashichho Dzong in that year. The only flag day prescribed in the 1972 rules is National Day, which is held annually on December 17. National Day commemorates the crowning of Ugyen Wangchuck as the first king of Bhutan on December 17, 1907.
See also
Emblem of Bhutan
Flag of the Qing dynasty
National anthem of Bhutan
National symbols of Bhutan
References
Bhutan
Bhutan
National symbols of Bhutan
Bhutan
Dragons in art
Bhutan
Bhutan
Thangaikku Oru Thalattu () is a 1990 Indian Tamil language drama film directed by K. S. Madhangan. The film stars Arjun Sarja and Seetha. The film, produced by P. Ramakrishnan, had musical score by Shankar–Ganesh and was released on 23 November 1990.
Plot
Gopi (Arjun Sarja), a poor youth, lives with his mother (K. R. Vijaya) and his uncle Baba. J. M. J (Ramesh Raja) is a businessman who cheats and kills rich people. Arun (Delhi Ganesh), an honest journalist, is killed by J. M. J's henchmen. Prakash, who looks like Gopi, arrests an innocent young woman, Priya (Seetha). Janaki, Prakash's sister, is Priya's friend. Prakash believed that Priya was a prostitute but in a function, he knows her real identity and he apologizes to Priya. Priya becomes a journalist like her brother. With Arun's written and photos evidence, she investigates on J. M. J with Prakash's help. Janaki gets married, but she and her husband die in a car accident. Prakash arrests his sister's killer, but due to the finance minister's kidnapping, he has to release him. Later, he saves the finance minister without releasing his sister's killer. Gopi's uncle reveals to Gopi the truth. Gopi had a twin brother, and his father was killed by J. M. J. Gopi is kidnapped by J. M. J to spoil Prakash's police career. He manages to escape from there. Gopi's uncle also reveals to Prakash his past. Gopi and Prakash fight against J. M. J's henchmen. Gopi dies with J. M. J.
Cast
Arjun Sarja as Gopi / Prakash
Seetha as Priya
K. R. Vijaya as Gopi's mother
Ramesh Raja as J. M. J
Renuka as Kasthuri (Stella)
Senthil as Arumugam
Delhi Ganesh as Arun (guest appearance)
Soundtrack
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Shankar–Ganesh. The soundtrack, released in 1990, features 5 tracks with lyrics written by Muthulingam and Shanmugham.
Release
Thangaikku Oru Thalattu was released on 23 November 1990 alongside another Arjun starrer Aatha Naan Pass Ayittaen.
References
1990 films
1990s Tamil-language films
Films scored by Shankar–Ganesh
Paul Sundu (born July 27, 1973 in Womatne) is a Papua New Guinean clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kundiawa. He was appointed bishop in 2021.
References
External links
1973 births
Papua New Guinean Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Kundiawa
Living people
Takhatgadh is a village 25 kilometers away from taluka headquarters Prantij, and 15 kilometers away from District headquarters Himatnagar in Sabarkantha district, Gujarat, India. Takhatgadh Kampa village current president Shree Nishant Patel. In Takhatgadhkampa village Primary, Secondary and Higher- Secondary schools available for village children also near all village's. Takhatgadhkampa is biggest Kachchi Patel village in Sabarkantha.
The place called Takhatgadh was a dense forest in the year 1924. A person named Premjibhai Punjabhai Patel came to this place from Tharawada village of Kuttch District and purchased a thousand hectares of land from Ranasan and Mohanpur States. Premjibhaihad studied up to 2nd standard only but was a visionary and far sighted person. He purchased the land and called hardworking, risk taking people from his region to settle there. They cleaned the forest area, found groundwater at 300 to 400 feet and made land cultivable to settle. Not only do they live in the forest but 70% of other animals depend on forests for their homes. Since then the village of Takhatgadh came into existence.
Due to the vision of Premjibhai not only was unproductive forest land made into rich agricultural farmland, but the establishment of Takhatgadh village was done in a planned manner putting into consideration his long term perspective of growth and settlement. Village housing was planned on both sides leaving a broad road in between; land of both the states of Ranasan and Mohanpur was taken to give the settlers enough land for cultivation; all land was vested with individual ownership and no fallow common land is seen. The village was developed in sectors having equal size of roads in all wards, with equal size of plots for all houses in streets of straight lines. All streets are in north-south direction and all houses are in east-west direction considering optimum natural light availability and maximum air flow throughout the day in all seasons.
Unique of Takhatgadh
1.Samras Village
Takhatgadh has a tradition to decide their leaders without elections unanimously for any local body; it may be the panchayat or cooperative society. It is a "Samras" village since its establishment long before the State Government launched scheme of samras village. The village community themselves decide a leader for any local organization in an absolutely democratic way. It can be seen that right up to the micro level of wards the leaders are decided in a democratic manner by consensus. Ward leaders then become the second level leaders for the Panchayat and Cooperative bodies. Besides ensuring that a new generation of leadership gets practical experience, the system doesn't allow wastage of money for elections.
2. Peace Loving Village
The mechanism the villagers have developed for deciding leaders is useful for grievance redressal also. For any type of dispute be it social, political or financial the village has an inbuilt conflict resolution mechanism. Since establishment of Takhatgadh one cannot find any court case filed by villagers against each other. On visiting the village, it was noted that villagers state they do not fight with each other; only fight with situations for the purpose of development only. People of Takhatgadh are peace loving and entrepreneurial proving themselves in different fields.
3. United for Development
People of Takhatgadh are always ready to grab the opportunity for development. Throughout the world now we can observe the scenario that people are fighting with each other for very small and petty issues and even brothers of one family for small piece of land going to the extent of murdering each other. Takhatgadh people and leaders have set an example like Sardar Vallabh bhai Patel by converting small pieces of land at different locations into big holdings of individual farmers. Voluntarily they have exchanged their small holdings of different locations and directions with each other to convert it into single large holding. Differences of cost of land were paid to either side considering cost of particular piece of land. After having large holdings of land at particular point they made tube wells of ownership to develop irrigated agriculture. The economies of scale have been realized favourably in the village.
4. Zero addiction
Villagers are not addicted to any substances like liquor, drugs or tobacco. Zero consumption of any type of addictive substance is noted in this village. Sale of Bidi, Tobacco, Cigarette, Wine, Snuff and other substances which are used for addiction is voluntarily restricted in the village. Youth of the village are safe because of this kind of voluntary action and their energy is canalized in positive developments.
5. Health Sector
The village is far from the district and block headquarters where medical facilities are available. In the 1980s the villagers noted that the road link did not allow for quick medical and emergency treatments at these hospitals of block or district level. To overcome the problem one charitable trust was registered as "Takhatgadh Aarogya Mandal". It was announced to raise fund from and nearby villages and started to collect fund by trust. Record collection was made with participatory approach and 25, 00, 000/- Rupees were collected for the building of hospital. Somehow it was come to knowledge of trust that for such type of assets at village level there is a scheme in which they can get support of Rs. 10, 00, 000/- from government if villagers contribute Rs. 25,00,000/-. Trust applied and received support amount from government. Thus villagers constructed hospital building at the cost of Rs.35,00,000/-. This hospital building has facilities of a Community Health Center (CHC) level, but it was found difficult by trustees to run CHC with recurring expenses of maintenance. The village made an offer to the State Government to run a CHC in this building with the stipulation of better services to people. Villagers invited the concerned minister, secretary and staff of health department in village to study the situation and hand over the building for CHC with two conditions. The first condition is that the CHC must treat all patients equally irrespective of caste and economic status. The second condition is if government do not run it properly with right spirit, then the Trust can take it back. However the Trust still supervises and monitors the overall working of the CHC.
CHC is now working at village level better than block level. Total staff strength is 24 including Superintendent, 3 medical officers, 7 sisters, 4 visiting specialists and supporting staff. Almost 100 OPD patients are visiting CHC daily for consultation and treatments from village and nearby villages of district. Surgeon of CHC is doing average 20 operations per month at local level. Facilities for X-Ray, sonography, laboratory for investigating tests, ambulance services, Operation theater and 35 beds for indoor patients are available at CHC. All services including food for indoor patients are free of cost at CHC with support of the Trust.
The President of the Trust Mr. Devjibhai Arjanbhai Patel and Secretary Mr. Ganpatbhai Veljibhai Patel are active and enthusiastic in working for CHC; during the field visit they informed that land for CHC staff quarters was spared free of cost by villagers. Dr.Jayant Uperiya, General Surgeon expressed his feelings that trustees and people of Takhatgadh are very cooperative and loving, and hence he has spent the last 17 years at this CHC and his children have also become doctors even though we are stationed at such a small and remote village and their schooling was in same village.
6. Agriculture Sector
Villagers were doing rain fed agriculture in the beginning due to less rainfall. They were facing acute shortage of drinking water in spite of having 100 feet depth well for drinking water. During the year 1957-58 first time tube well was made successfully with the help of Local Board for drinking water and new dimension was opened for irrigated agriculture. Farmers of Takhatgadh started to make tube wells for the purpose of irrigation when they were connected with electricity. Cultivation scenario was changed due to adoption of new hybrid variety of cotton -4. Suitable soil profile of land and hard working of farmers was producing bumper crop of cotton-4 with extra ordinary quality. During seventies cotton of village Takhatgadh was in high demand (Quality & Quantity both) at Bombay and Coimbatore cotton markets named as ‘Takhatgadh Brand'. It made farmers of village Takhatgadh economically strong. 100% land of village Takhatgadh was covered under irrigation by tube wells due to electricity connectivity. They started to cultivate groundnut and maize in addition to hybrid cotton.
Farmers of Takhatgadh faced a downturn in the 1980s. Due to problem of white-fly in the year 1982-83 total crop of cotton failed. They stopped growing cotton but during 1986-87 they faced scarcity of water due to drought conditions and cropping pattern was changed automatically for their survival. They started to cultivate spices and oilseeds like; cumin, fennel, and caster. Decreasing level of surface water and ground water lead farmers to adopt drip irrigation and more than 65% farmers have adopted drip irrigation considering conservation of resources and survival. Now farmers have started to grow variety of crops with drip irrigation like; cotton, cumin, fennel, groundnut, potato, tomato, castor, and watermelon.
7. Irrigation Sector
The innovativeness and challenging nature of farmers of village Takhatgadh keeps them ready for facing any kind of problem. Due to depletion of ground water they formed an irrigation society in the year 2005. Irrigation society has set a unique example of unity and cooperation for getting and distributing water and formed a pattern by doing this. This irrigation society has requested the State Government to spare them water of Narmada River, which government is collecting in Fatehpura pond through Guhai pipeline from Dehgam which is 4 kilometers away from their village. The State Government has sanctioned this subject to the condition in October 2010of compulsory drip system, the cost of pipeline of 4 kilometers, water storage, and water distribution to be borne and managed by the village community.
Irrigation Society has not only agreed to the conditions of government but made their own strategy to overcome everything. They decided to make four pipelines instead of one pipeline of 4 kilometers with 10 inch diameter, at the cost of rupees One Crorewithout any financial support of government or any other organization. They were committed to solve irrigation problem permanently. Society decided to collect contribution of Rupees 3300/- per land holding of one Bigah and have completed the work of laying down pipeline successfully with 100% peoples participation. 10 check dams and 3 ponds are common properties of community, which they have decided to use for storage of water and not to waste for new construction. Now they have to distribute the water up to individual farms for that once again they have decided to get contribution of Rupees One Crore, which is also equal for all without consideration of distance of farms from storage locations. It reflects unity of villagers for any kind of challenge.
8. Cooperative Sector
Takhatgadh Group Service Cooperative Society ltd. was established in the year 1962. They are giving short term, medium term and long term loans, which amounts Rs.3.27 crore per annum. The Society hasa reserve fund of Rs. one crore. It is therefore a financially sound cooperative society. However just financial soundness does not work, and the Society ensures the quality and innovative use of credit for members. Takhatgadh village has 100 tractors. Farmers were facing difficulty to go 10 to 20 kilometers to get dieselfor their vehicles. Society found solution to this issue by purchasing one tanker of 4000 liters. They started service of sale of diesel without profit (cost to cost) to farmers. Society is purchasing diesel twice in the month and distributing to farmers, which is really unique idea to serve the members. Second welfare service is to issue the cheque of Rupees 5000/- on death of any member.
The Takhatgadh Milk Producing Cooperative Society Ltd. is also progressive. Dr. Chandubhai Patel is Chairman of the society and has been unanimously elected. Government started reservation for women in cooperative societies from 2001 but here in this society woman members are from 1995 in governing body. Society is doing milk sale of Rs.75,00,000/-per year and distributing handsome dividend to members.
9. Panchayat
Sarpanch says that it was no source village when panchayat was started here in village Takhatgadh, but now it is the most resourceful village and panchayat. Takhatgadh gram panchayat received award for Best Gram Panchayat at District level in the year 1979. Takhatgadh gram panchayat received award for Nirmal Gram panchayat at District level in the year 2010-11. Apart from awards Takhatgadh is having CC roads in all streets, own anganwadi building, pick up stand, drinking water stand, 100% street light, 100% electricity, and 100% houses covered with water tap.
Villagers were facing acute problem of drinking water but in favor of villagers one farmer donated 3 Guntha land at 3 km.distance to panchayat and transferred in the name of gram panchayat for creating drinking water facility. Now due to this favor by one villager the problem of drinking water has been solved and the village is getting drinking water for 24 hours with the help of a 20 HP motor.
Villagers take pride in stating that our panchayat has arranged the collection of solid waste by tricycle on regular basis and given dustbin to each and every household that is why our village is clean. It is also decided where it should be dumped and pits are created for this special purpose. Moreover, panchayat has covered whole village with underground drainage line, which helps villagers keeping village clean.
All records of panchayat are computerized and classified as per government rules. Panchayat is efficiently collecting 100% panchayat tax and now financially sound with the balance of Rs.2,50,000/-.
Villagers and leaders are happy to express their feelings that they are living as one family and not doing anything for getting award but for quality life of their and future generations. They have proved it by giving quality doctors, engineers, scientists in the field of agriculture, teachers for all levels ranging from primary to university level.
References
External links
Government of Gujarat SPIPA research of Takhatgadh Village
Documentary of Takhatgadh Village and people lifestyle.
Villages in Sabarkantha district
FtsA is a bacterial protein that is related to actin by overall structural similarity and in its ATP binding pocket.
Along with other bacterial actin homologs such as MreB, ParM, and MamK, these proteins suggest that eukaryotic actin has a common ancestry. Like the other bacterial actins, FtsA binds ATP and can form actin-like filaments. The FtsA-FtsA interface has been defined by structural as well as genetic analysis. Although present in many diverse Gram-positive and Gram-negative species, FtsA is absent in actinobacteria and cyanobacteria. FtsA also is structurally similar to PilM, a type IV pilus ATPase.
Function
FtsA is required for proper cytokinesis in bacteria such as Escherichia coli, Caulobacter crescentus, and Bacillus subtilis. Originally isolated in a screen for E. coli cells that could divide at 30˚C but not at 40˚C, FtsA stands for "filamentous temperature sensitive A". Many thermosensitive alleles of E. coli ftsA exist, and all map in or near the ATP binding pocket. Suppressors that restore normal function map either to the binding pocket or to the FtsA-FtsA interface.
FtsA localizes to the cytokinetic ring formed by FtsZ (Z ring). One of FtsA's functions in cytokinesis is to tether FtsZ polymers to the cytoplasmic membrane via a conserved C-terminal amphipathic helix, forming an "A ring" in the process. Removal of this helix results in the formation of very long and stable polymer bundles of FtsA in the cell that do not function in cytokinesis. Another essential division protein, ZipA, also tethers the Z ring to the membrane and exhibits overlapping function with FtsA. FtsZ, FtsA and ZipA together are called the proto-ring because they are involved in a specific initial phase of cytokinesis. Another subdomain of FtsA (2B) is required for interactions with FtsZ, via the conserved C-terminus of FtsZ. Other FtsZ regulators including MinC and ZipA bind to the same C terminus of FtsZ. Finally, subdomain 1C, which is in a unique position relative to MreB and actin, is required for FtsA to recruit downstream cell division proteins such as FtsN.
Although FtsA is essential for viability in E. coli, it can be deleted in B. subtilis. B. subtilis cells lacking FtsA divide poorly, but still survive. Another FtsZ-interacting protein, SepF (originally named YlmF; ), is able to replace FtsA in B. subtilis, suggesting that SepF and FtsA have overlapping functions.
An allele of FtsA called FtsA* (R286W) is able to bypass the normal requirement for the ZipA in E. coli cytokinesis. FtsA* also causes cells to divide at a shorter cell length than normal, suggesting that FtsA may normally receive signals from the septum synthesis machinery to regulate when cytokinesis can proceed. Other FtsA*-like alleles have been found, and they mostly decrease FtsA-FtsA interactions. Oligomeric state of FtsA is likely important for regulating its activity, its ability to recruit the later cell division proteins and its ability to bind ATP. Other cell division proteins of E. coli, including FtsN and the ABC transporter homologs FtsEX, seem to regulate septum constriction by signaling through FtsA, and the FtsQLB subcomplex is also involved in promoting FtsN-mediated septal constriction.
FtsA binds directly to the conserved C-terminal domain of FtsZ. This FtsA-FtsZ interaction is likely involved in regulating FtsZ polymer dynamics. In vitro, E. coli FtsA disassembles FtsZ polymers in the presence of ATP, both in solution, as FtsA* and on supported lipid bilayers. E. coli FtsA itself does not assemble into detectable structures except when on membranes, where it forms dodecameric minirings that often pack in clusters and bind to single FtsZ protofilaments. In contrast, FtsA* forms arcs on lipid membranes but rarely closed minirings, supporting genetic evidence that this mutant has a weaker FtsA-FtsA interface. When bound to the membrane, FtsA*-like mutants, which also can form double-stranded filaments, enhance close lateral interactions between FtsZ protofilaments, in contrast to FtsA, which keeps FtsZ protofilaments apart. As FtsZ protofilament bundling may be important for promoting septum formation, a switch from an FtsA-like to an FtsA*-like conformation during cell cycle progression may serve to turn on septum synthesis enzymes (FtsWI) as well as condense FtsZ polymers, setting up a positive feedback loop.
Although E. coli FtsA has been the most extensively studied, more is becoming understood about FtsA proteins from other species. FtsA from Streptococcus pneumoniae forms helical filaments in the presence of ATP, but no interactions with FtsZ in vitro have been reported yet. FtsA colocalizes with FtsZ in S. pneumoniae, but also is required for FtsZ ring localization, in contrast to E. coli where FtsZ rings remain localized upon inactivation of FtsA. FtsA from Staphylococcus aureus forms actin-like filaments similar to those of FtsA from Thermotoga maritima. In addition, S. aureus FtsA enhances the GTPase activity of FtsZ. In a liposome system, FtsA* stimulates FtsZ to form rings that can divide liposomes, mimicking cytokinesis in vitro.
Structure
The crystal structure for FtsA is known. Compared to MreB and eukaryotic actin, the subdomains are rearranged, and the 1B domain is swapped out for the SHS2 "1C" insert.
References
Bacterial proteins
Cytoskeleton
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1539.
Events
April – Printing of the Great Bible (The Byble in Englyshe) is completed; it is distributed to churches in England. Prepared by Myles Coverdale, it contains much material from the Tyndale Bible – unacknowledged as the Tyndale version is officially deemed heretical.
Unknown dates
Game Place House in Great Yarmouth becomes the first place in England to be used regularly as a public theatre.
Marie Dentière writes an open letter to Marguerite of Navarre, sister of King Francis I of France. This Epistre tres utile (very useful letter) calls for an expulsion of Catholic clergy from France.
The first printing press in North America is set up in Mexico City. The first known book from it, Manual de Adultos, appears in 1540.
Teseo Ambrogio's Introductio in Chaldaicam lingua, Syriaca atq Armenica, & dece alias linguas, published in Pavia, introduces several Middle Eastern languages to Western Europe for the first time.
New books
Prose
Robert Estienne – Alphabetum Hebraicum
Martin Luther – On the Councils and the Church
Poetry
Births
February 27 – Franciscus Raphelengius, Flemish-born Dutch scholar, printer and bookseller (died 1597)
March 5 – Christoph Pezel, German theologian (died 1604)
April 12 – Garcilaso de la Vega, Spanish Peruvian mestizo chronicler (died 1616)
December 5 – Fausto Paolo Sozzini, Italian theologian (died 1604)
December 20 – Paulus Melissus, German writer in Latin, translator and composer (died 1602)
Unknown dates
Olivier de Serres, French writer on agriculture and horticulture (died 1619)
Jean de Tournes, French author, printer and bookseller (died 1615)
Richard White of Basingstoke, English jurist and historian (died 1611)
Deaths
March 5 – Kaspar Ursinus Velius, German scholar, poet and historian (born c. 1493)
May 7 – Ottaviano Petrucci, Italian printer (born 1466)
July 5 – Anthony Maria Zaccaria, Italian religious writer, leader of the Counter-reformation and saint (born 1502)
July 12 – Ferdinand Columbus, Spanish bibliographer and cosmographer (born 1488)
August 10 – Lanspergius, German Carthusian monk and ascetic writer (born 1489)
November 25 – Johann Alexander Brassicanus, German author and teacher (born c. 1500)
Unknown date – Gabriel Alonso de Herrera, Spanish author of an agricultural treatise (born 1470)
References
1539
1539 books
Renaissance literature
Early Modern literature
Years of the 16th century in literature
John Maxwell Edmonds (21 January 1875 – 18 March 1958) was an English classicist, poet and dramatist and the author of several celebrated martial epitaphs.
Biography
Edmonds was born in Stroud, Gloucestershire on 21 January 1875. His father was a schoolmaster and later the vicar of Great Gransden, Huntingdonshire, while his mother was the daughter of a self-made Cornish cloth manufacturer. He was educated at Oundle School before going up to Jesus College, Cambridge in 1896 as a Classical Scholar. He was taught at Oundle by R. P. Brereton and J. H. Vince and at Cambridge under Edwin Abbott Abbott. Periods of illness which had originally made him delay his university career later forced him to be absent from university for several terms, but he nevertheless recovered to take a first in his tripos in 1898.
He taught at Repton School and King's School, Canterbury before returning to Cambridge University to lecture.
Epitaphs
Edmonds is credited with authorship of a famous epitaph in the War Cemetery in Kohima which commemorates the fallen of the Battle of Kohima in April 1944.
He was the author of an item in The Times, 6 February 1918, page 7, headed "Four Epitaphs" composed for graves and memorials to those fallen in battle – each covering different situations of death. The second of these was used as a theme for the 1942 war movie Went the Day Well?:
That epitaph was regularly quoted when [The Times] notified deaths of those who fell during the First World War, and was also regularly used during the Second World War. It appeared on many village and town war memorials.
There has been some confusion between 'Went the day well' and Edmonds' other famous epitaph published in the same 1919 edition of inscriptions:
This epitaph was inspired by an epigram of the Greek poet Simonides of Ceos to the fallen at the Battle of Thermopylae, and was later used (with a misquote) for the memorial for those who fell at the Battle of Kohima. Some resources incorrectly give Went the day well? as being the translation of the Simonides epigram.
Edmonds was also responsible for translating into Greek elegiacs A. E. Housman's “Epitaph on an army of mercenaries”, a tribute to the British Expeditionary Force on the third anniversary of the battle of Ypres, which appeared in The Times on 31 October 1917. The Greek version was published in the Classical Review 31 that year.
Bibliography
Twelve War Epitaphs (Chelsea: Ashendene Press, 1920)
An Introduction to Comparative Philology for Classical Students
Lyra Graeca; being the remains of all the Greek lyric poets from Eumelus to Timotheus excepting Pindar, 3 vols., (Cambridge MA: Harvard UP; London: Heinemann, 1922-27)
Vol. I (1922)
Vol. II (1924)
Vol. III (1927)
The Greek Bucolic Poets (London: Heinemann; New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons, 1929)
The Characters of Theophrastus: Herodes, Cercidas, and the Greek cholliambic poets (except Callimachus and Babrius) (London: Heinemann; New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons, 1929)
Elegy And Iambus, being the remains of all the Greek elegiac and iambic poets from Callinus to Crates excepting the cholliambic writers, with the Anacreontea, 2 vols., (London: Heinemann; New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons, 1931)
Vol. I
Vol. II
The Fragments of Attic Comedy after Meineke, Bergk, and Kock (Leiden, 1957)
Vol. II
Vol. IIIA
Vol. IIIB
References
1875 births
1958 deaths
English classical scholars
People educated at Oundle School
Alumni of Jesus College, Cambridge
Fellows of Jesus College, Cambridge
English male writers
The Church of God is a holiness Pentecostal body that descends from the Christian Union movement of Richard Spurling, A. J. Tomlinson and others. They consider themselves officially The Church of God, but also designate themselves as The Church of God (1957 Reformation) and The Church of God (Jerusalem Acres), which is the name of their headquarters.
History
The Church of God at Jerusalem Acres shares its early history with the Church of God of Prophecy. After A. J. Tomlinson formed the Church of Prophecy Markers Association in 1941, he appointed Grady R. Kent head over it in 1943. After Tomlinson's death, his son Milton was appointed General Overseer, but Kent remained a forceful preacher and influential leader. In 1948, the Church of God of Prophecy adopted a resolution making the General Assembly the highest authority in the church. This helped set the stage for division. Some members within the church accepted the practice of Theocratic Government, with the Bishop or General Overseer ruling the church.
In 1957 Grady R. Kent went out of the Church of God of Prophecy and formed The Church of God, which adopted its name in 1958. The church was "reorganized" in Cherokee, North Carolina on February 17, 1957. On August 1, 1958, a seven-acre (28,000 m2) tract of land was purchased in Cleveland, Tennessee, and the church undertook a project similar to the Fields of the Wood, which is owned by the Church of God of Prophecy. Great authority was placed in "Theocratic Government" and the Chief Bishop, who was responsible for ruling the church. Bishop Kent died on March 31, 1964 of cancer of the nose. He refused medical treatment for the cancer until just before death, preferring to rely on a prayer vigil conducted by a rotating team of his 12 Apostles. Several other Bishops have presided over the church since then, and in 1996, another split happened with Bishop John A Looper leaving the church after disagreements over doctrinal issues. Bishop Lavell Craig, as of March 2017, is the Presiding Bishop (they no longer use the term "Chief Bishop"). Under former Presiding Bishop Samuel Kramer's leadership, the church has fully returned to a Sabbath-keeping service schedule which had largely been abandoned under Looper's administration. The church has expanded and continues to grow in Haiti, Liberia, Zambia, Mexico, Argentina, Tanzania, India, and the Philippines.
Faith and Practice
The faith and practice of The Church of God at Jerusalem Acres is similar to the related Church of God bodies, but with more of a "Jewish" flavor, which they call "New Testament Judaism". Because the church believes that Judaism is God's plan of worship, "New Testament Judaism" reflects the fact that Jesus came to reform Judaism, not to destroy it. In fact this body is often identified, and occasionally self-identified, as The Church of God (New Testament Judaism). This body teaches Theocratic Government and teaches that the whole Bible is the inspired word of God; salvation by accepting Jesus as Saviour; the seventh-day Sabbath; the nine gifts of the Spirit and five gifts of ministry; and the post-tribulational premillennial return of Jesus Christ. While the group accepts prophecy as ongoing today, they believe that modern prophets are fallible, and therefore modern prophecies are not considered equal with the Bible.
Biblical Feast Days
The Church of God at Jerusalem Acres does not celebrate traditional holidays which were introduced by the Roman Catholic Church, such as Christmas, Easter, and All Saints Day. Their church calendar is based on the Hebrew calendar. They observe or celebrate a number of days, some of which are peculiar to their denomination. For example:
Reformation Day – February 13, the day the church was reformed from apostasy. Reformation Day is a celebration of the day when The Church of God (Jerusalem Acres) we officially reorganized, following their split with the Church of God of Prophecy in 1957. It was at this point that Bishop Grady R. Kent made a stand for a concept called Theocratic Government that had previously been inherent in the doctrine of the Church of God of Prophecy. When the Church of God of Prophecy decided to transition to a form of government led by committee rather than an Anointed Leader, Bishop Kent took a stand for their Biblical tradition and was forced to resign. A fair number of churches followed with him and they became The Church of God (Jerusalem Acres).
Passover – 14th of Abib (Jewish month); the New Testament Passover includes the observance of the Memorial Supper and feet washing.
Pentecost – the feast of 50 days after the day of Wave Sheaf; the church celebrates this day "in much the same manner in which the early church observed it in Acts 2..." This is also the time of their General Assembly, in which members from their churches travel to Cleveland, Tennessee for a week-long gathering and special service schedule.
Arise, Shine Day – June 13, the day A. J. Tomlinson "found" the Church of God; (June 13, 1903)
Feast of Tabernacles, which they recognize as the time of the birth of Jesus Christ, in the Jewish month, Tishri
The Church of God at Jerusalem Acres observes the seventh-day (Saturday) Sabbath, citing that the Bible states that this was the custom of both Jesus and Paul.
Theocratic Government
Theocratic Government is the system of governance used by The Church of God. In this system, the Church is led by an Anointed Leader, often referred to as the Presiding Bishop (Presently Bishop Lavell Craig), who is considered to be the "good steward" who is commanded to give the church their "meat (or revelation) in due season". In addition to the Presiding Bishop, Church government consists of twelve modern Apostles, Seven Businessmen and Seventy-Two Prophets, who oversee the works of the other bishops and deacons of the Church. Ministers are all welcome to participate in the discussion and any voting during the annual Minister's Council, but only ministers who have attained the level of Deacon or Bishop are allowed to present papers or subjects for discussion which may lead to a change in doctrine or procedure.
Seven Business Auxiliaries
The Church of God considers all of the business of the church to fall under one of seven categories for each of which they have a corresponding business auxiliary. These categories are considered to be the seven distinct workings of the Holy Spirit (or the Seven Spirits of God), which they give the names "Love, Preservation, Marking, Teaching, Perfection, Publishing and Evangelism". The corresponding auxiliaries, in the same order, are "World Missions Auxiliary, Church Preservation Endeavor, Church Marking Association, Bible Teaching Auxiliary, Church Perfection Auxiliary, Church Publishing Company and Church Evangelistic Auxiliary".
Status
As of 2013, The Church of God at Jerusalem Acres had 18 churches in the United States with many churches throughout Mexico, Cuba, Haiti, Dominican Republic, South America, Africa, India and the Philippines. They have an estimated membership of 35,000 worldwide, and developing contacts in Russia, Ukraine, and Canada. Headquarters are at Jerusalem Acres in Cleveland, Tennessee.
References
Encyclopedia of American Religions, J. Gordon Melton, editor
Handbook of Denominations in the United States, by Frank S. Mead
Profiles in Belief: the Religious Bodies of the United States and Canada (Vol. III), by Arthur Carl Piepkorn
''Manual of Apostles Doctrine and Procedure of The Church of God: Section IV, E
External links
Official website
Christian new religious movements
Holiness denominations
Pentecostal denominations
