Mike Mendoza may refer to:
Mike Mendoza (broadcaster), British radio presenter and politician
Mike Mendoza (wrestler), Puerto Rican professional wrestler
Mike Mendoza (baseball), baseball player
See also
Michael Mendoza, American football quarterback
Sierra Baja is a rural barrio in the municipality of Guayanilla, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 602.
Features and demographics
Sierra Baja has of land area and no water area. In 2010, its population was 602 with a population density of .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Sierra Baja barrio was 787.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Guayanilla, Puerto Rico
HMCS Trillium was a that served in the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She served mainly as a convoy escort in the Battle of the Atlantic. She was one of ten corvettes loaned to the Canadian navy by the Royal Navy and the only one which remained an ocean escort throughout the war. She was named after the flowering plant genus Trillium, which includes wakerobin, tri flower, and birthroot.
Background
Flower-class corvettes like Trillium serving with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War were different from earlier and more traditional sail-driven corvettes. The "corvette" designation was created by the French for classes of small warships; the Royal Navy borrowed the term for a period but discontinued its use in 1877. During the hurried preparations for war in the late 1930s, Winston Churchill reactivated the corvette class, needing a name for smaller ships used in an escort capacity, in this case based on a whaling ship design. The generic name "flower" was used to designate the class of these ships, which – in the Royal Navy – were named after flowering plants.
Construction
Trillium was ordered 20 January 1940 for the Royal Navy as part of the 1939-1940 Flower-class building program. She was laid down by Canadian Vickers Ltd. at Montreal on 20 February 1940 and was launched on 26 June 1940. She was commissioned into the Royal Navy on 31 October 1940 at Montreal. She sailed for the United Kingdom and was fully fitted out at Greenock in March 1941. Trillium was one of ten corvettes loaned to Canada on 15 May 1941. She could be told apart from other Canadian Flowers by her lack of minesweeping gear and the siting of the after gun tub amidships.
During her career, Trillium had four significant refits. The first took place at Lunenburg, Nova Scotia beginning in August 1941 and taking three months to complete. Her second overhaul took place at Galveston which was begun in April 1942 and took until June to complete. Her third refit saw her fo'c'sle extended at Boston beginning in April 1943 and was completed 10 June 1943. The final refit of her career took place in late April 1944 at Pictou, Nova Scotia and lasted two months. Afterwards she needed a further month of repairs at Halifax.
War service
Royal Navy
After workups at Tobermory, Trillium was assigned to local escort group EG 4. She remained with this group until June 1941, when she left for Canada.
Royal Canadian Navy
After arriving in June 1941, Trillium was assigned to Newfoundland Command. She remained with this unit until March 1942. During her time with Newfoundland Command, she worked with escort groups 10N, 23N, N14 and N13. On 21 April 1941 she picked up 24 survivors from the British merchant Empire Endurance that had been torpedoed and sunk the previous southwest of Rockall.
In August 1942 she transferred to the Mid-Ocean Escort Force (MOEF) after working up. She was assigned to MOEF escort group A-3. During her time with A-3 she took part in three major convoy battles; SC 100 in September 1942, ON 166 in February 1943 and SC 121 in March 1943. On 22–23 February 1943, Trillium picked up 158 survivors from three ships which had been torpedoed over those two days. She remained with A-3 until April 1943, when she departed for a major refit.
After working up and returning to service, she was assigned to MOEF escort group C-4. She remained with the group before departing again for refit. After workups in Bermuda and returning to service, Trillium was assigned to MOEF group C-3 in September 1944. While escorting convoy ON 278, she sank a coastal merchant in a collision. Trillium needed five weeks repairs afterwards. Afterwards she returned to escort duty with C-3 for the remainder of her time with the Royal Canadian Navy. She left Canada for the last time as an escort on the last HX convoy of the war.
Trans-Atlantic convoys escorted
Post-war service
Trillium was returned to the Royal Navy at Milford Haven 27 June 1945. She was sold in 1947 for conversion to a whale-catcher. In 1950 she reappeared as the Honduran-registered Olympic Winner. In 1956 she was renamed Otori Maru No. 10 after being purchased by Japanese owners. In 1959 she was renamed Kyo Maru No. 16. She last appeared on Lloyd's Register in 1972–73. The ship was broken up by Kyusan Shoten K.K. at Akaho City in June 1971.
References
Flower-class corvettes of the Royal Canadian Navy
Flower-class corvettes of the Royal Navy
1940 ships
is a Japanese professional wrestler primarily working for DDT Pro-Wrestling, where he competes as part of the Damnation T.A unit under the ring name . He was previously known under the name .
Professional wrestling career
Style-E, IGF and BJW (2003–2016)
After training at Kiyoshi Tamura's U-File Camp, Shibata debuted in December 2003 and primarily competed in Style-E for the next few years. In March 2007, he received his first opportunity at the Style-E Openweight Championship, unsuccessfully challenging Isami Kodaka. In December, he once again challenged for the title, this time losing to Kazuhiro Tamura. In March 2012, Shibata teamed up with Shota to unsuccessfully challenge DDT's Sanshiro Takagi and Soma Takao for the KO-D Tag Team Championship. In June, Shibata once again unsuccessfully challenged for the Style-E Openweight Championship, losing to Kenichiro Arai. In September, Shibata won Apache Pro Wrestling's WEW Tag Team Championship, teaming with Kotaru Nasu to defeat Kengo Nishimura and Tomohiko Hashimoto, but lost the championship to Hashimoto and Shoichi Imiya two weeks later.
In January 2015, Shibata teamed with Shuji Ishikawa to capture the UWA World Tag Team Championship, defeating Isami Kodaka and Fuma in overtime. The duo lost the championship to the Brahman Brothers in June.
DDT (2008–present)
Shibata began competing in DDT sporadically in 2008, mainly in their sister promotion Union Pro, but in April 2016, Shibata became a regular in DDT, changing his name to Mad Paulie and aligning himself with Daisuke Sasaki as Sasaki's "pet". In his first match as Paulie, Shibata and Sasaki defeated Yukio Sakaguchi and Masa Takanashi. Soon after, Sasaki and Paulie were joined by Shuji Ishikawa, with Sasaki calling Ishikawa his other "pet". The trio dubbed themselves "Damnation", and in July added a fourth member to their ranks when Tetsuya Endo turned on his partner Konosuke Takeshita to join. In August, Paulie, Sasaki, and Endo entered the tournament for the vacant KO-D 6 Man Tag Team Championship, defeating Shuten-dōji (Sakaguchi, Takanashi and Kota Umeda) in the final to win the tournament and the championship. On October 10, they made their first successful defence, defeating Happy Motel (Antonio Honda and Konosuke Takeshita) and Mike Bailey, but dropped the championship to Shuten-dōji (Takanashi, Sakaguchi and Kudo) on November 11.
Championships and accomplishments
Apache Pro Wrestling Army
WEW World Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Kotaro Nasu
DDT Pro-Wrestling
KO-D Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Tetsuya Endo
KO-D 6 Man Tag Team Championship (4 times, current) – with Tetsuya Endo and Daisuke Sasaki (1), Tetsuya Endo and Soma Takao (1), Daisuke Sasaki and Minoru Fujita (1), and Daisuke Sasaki and Kanon (1)
Ironman Heavymetalweight Championship (3 times)
Guts World Pro-Wrestling
GWC 6-Man Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Masashi Takeda and Kotaro Nasu
Japan Indie Awards
Best Unit Award (2016, 2017) – Damnation with Daisuke Sasaki, Shuji Ishikawa and Tetsuya Endo
Kaientai Dojo
UWA World Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Shuji Ishikawa
Pro-Wrestling Secret Base
Captain Of The Secret Base Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Bear Fukuda
River City Wrestling
RCW International Championship (1 time)
Style-E
Style-E Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Bear Fukuda
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Japanese male professional wrestlers
People from Akiruno, Tokyo
Sportspeople from Tokyo Metropolis
20th-century professional wrestlers
21st-century professional wrestlers
UWA World Tag Team Champions
Ironman Heavymetalweight Champions
KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Champions
KO-D Tag Team Champions
WEW World Tag Team Champions
Huang Zitao (; born May 2, 1993), also known as Tao, is a Chinese rapper, singer, songwriter, actor, model, and businessman. Huang is a former member of the South Korean-Chinese boy band Exo and its Chinese sub-unit, Exo-M. After leaving Exo, he made his solo debut in China in 2015 with the mini-album TAO, under the new stage name Z.Tao. Huang made his acting debut in the romantic movie You Are My Sunshine and later received recognition for his leading roles in Negotiator and The Brightest Star in the Sky.
Huang ranked 25th on Forbes China Celebrity 100 list in 2017, 35th in 2019, and 37th in 2020.
Early life
Huang Zitao was born in Qingdao, Shandong on May 2, 1993. As a child, he undertook Wushu training and became a student athlete. In late 2010 he was scouted by a representative from SM Entertainment at a talent show.
Music career
2011–2015: Exo and lawsuit against SM Entertainment
On December 27, 2011, Huang was formally introduced as the third member of Exo (with the stage name Tao).
In late 2013, Huang took part in filming for MBC's celebrity diving program Splash!, but withdrew due to injuries, and the show was cancelled due to injuries to multiple other contestants.
He featured in two songs from Zhou Mi's album Rewind, which he penned the rap lyrics to; and appeared as a cast member of the Solomon Islands edition of the SBS reality television program Laws of the Jungle in 2014. He left the show early due to a foot injury on a coral reef during filming and other scheduled commitments.
In June 2015, Huang set up a Chinese agency, 黄子韬Z.TAO Studio. On August 24, he filed a lawsuit against SM Entertainment to terminate his contract. Huang claimed the 10-year contract had unjust terms and said he lacks freedom due to the long contract period. However, the Supreme Court dismissed Huang's appeal on March 15, 2018. The exclusive contract between SM Entertainment and Huang was considered valid until his contract's conclusion in 2022.
In China, SM Entertainment filed a lawsuit against Huang regarding his solo activities. Chinese courts ruled that Huang was entitled to use his name and image for solo activities in China, and dismissed the lawsuit.
2015–present: Solo career and mainstream popularity
On July 23, 2015, Huang made his solo debut with a digital EP titled TAO, which sold 670,000 digital copies in its first week. The album was followed up with a second EP, Z.TAO, which was released for free on August 19 with the title track "Crown". The music video for "Crown" was presented in the style of a 7-minute short film, directed by Nick Lentz and featuring Jessica Gomes. Huang performed the stunts and martial arts sequences for the action scenes in the music video. Huang held his first solo concert Z.TAO Mini Concert at the Beijing Exhibition Center Theater on August 23, as part of a benefit concert for those affected by the Tianjin explosions.
On October 15, Huang released the single "Reluctantly", a ballad composed by himself and Andros Rodriguez. At the 2015 Migu Music Awards, Huang won the "Best Stage Performance" award and performed the single. As part of an endorsement deal with the game I'm the Sovereign, Huang composed and released the single "I'm the Sovereign". The song topped China's Billboard chart for the week of December 5, 2015.
On January 12, 2016, Huang won the "Most Influential Male Singer" award at the 2016 Mobile Video Festival (Miopai Awards). He was later invited to perform as a headliner for the SoYoung 2016 Live Concert Tour on January 29, which featured young rising musicians in China.
Huang's first album The Road was announced in March 2016. It was recorded partly in Los Angeles in collaboration with Nick Lentz. The lead single "The Road" was released on April 22. On May 1, Huang commenced a concert tour Z.Tao The Road Concert for the album in Nanjing and released a music video for the single "Hello, Hello", featuring Wiz Khalifa. Another single, "Adore" was released the same month and sold over 30,000 copies, receiving the platinum certification. The Road was released on August 22 was sold with 8888 pieces limited edition. After one minute of pre-sale opening, the sale profit reached 500k rmb; and the album reached number one on the sale charts. At the end of 2016, Huang won the Most Influential Male Singer award at the Tencent Star Awards.
In April 2017, Huang was named Promotional Ambassador for the 17th Top Chinese Music Awards, where he also won the "All-Round Artist" award. He embarked on his first Asia Tour, Z.Tao Promise Concert Tour which kick-start in Beijing on April 30; and also released a single of the same name.
In 2018, Huang joined the dance-oriented variety show, Street Dance of China. It was also announced that Huang would be the head producer and MC on the Chinese version of Produce 101. The same year, Huang embarked on his fourth concert tour, Z.Tao 2018 IS GOØD Concert Tour.
Artistry and musical style
Following his departure from Exo and return to China, Huang stated that he made a decision to pursue his career in the ailing Chinese music industry, expressing a desire to continue as an artist with the goal of seeing C-Pop receive global recognition. He is involved in songwriting and composition, drawing inspiration from his experiences.
Although he is primarily a rapper, he has also performed Mandopop ballad songs. His music combines elements of hip hop, EDM, and Chinese musical instruments. He cites Jay Chou as his musical inspiration, having listened to his music growing up.
Acting career
Huang made his film debut in romance film You Are My Sunshine alongside Huang Xiaoming and Yang Mi. The film was released on May 1, 2015.
In 2016, Huang starred in the action comedy Railroad Tigers directed by Ding Sheng, alongside Jackie Chan.
In 2017, Huang starred in the martial arts film The Game Changer, directed by Gao Xixi, as well as the romantic thriller Edge of Innocence. The same year, he played the monkey king in the web drama A Chinese Odyssey: Love You A Million Years, adapted from the film A Chinese Odyssey. The series garnered over 5 billion views online during its run. In November, he was announced as one of the two leads in action drama Forward Forever alongside Jackson Yi.
In 2018, Huang starred in Negotiator, a spin-off of the 2016 hit drama The Interpreter. The same year, he was cast in the youth period drama The Files of Teenagers in the Concession.
In 2019, he acted as a Chinese pop star in the music romance youth drama The Brightest Star in the Sky.
Other activities
Endorsements and brand ambassadorship
In June 2017, Huang collaborated with Jonathan Anderson, Loewe's creative director, on the "FIRE OF YOUTH" campaign, becoming the first Asian artist invited to collaborate with LOEWE.
In July 2017, Hanhoo appointed Huang as their Brand Ambassador. The brand later partially sponsored The Brightest Star in the Sky, a hit drama of Huang with product placement in the drama.
In September 2017, Huang was named Yves Saint Laurent's beauty ambassador and participated in the second season of YSL's web series Before the Light.
Shenwu3, a turn-based MMORPG game by Duoyi Network which is the 4th biggest game company in China, has announced Huang as their brand ambassador. They collaborated further and Huang released a song called "Silently(默默)" under the branding of Shenwu3 in July 2018.
In January 2018, Huang began promoting a China phone brand, Sugar Phone, and attended the press conference for Sugar Phone S11. In April 2018, Sugar Phone supported Huang's IS GOØD Concert Tour as the main sponsor.
Huang has also been appointed as brand ambassador for YSL Eyewars in January 2018.
Jif Jaf Kraft, Tencent Weishi Application and Xiao Zhu home rental application have also appointed Huang as their first brand ambassadors respectively in first half of 2018. In second half of the year, Huang has endorsed KFC, EVISU, Tuborg, Skechers and Baidu mobile application as their brand ambassador.
In September 2018, Huang worked on the Chinese version of Stay Open, a promotional song for Tuborg originally released by Diplo and MØ.
Sephora launched their first ad campaign in China with Huang as their brand ambassador in September 2018.
In August 2019, Huang also endorsed Hershey's and Nescafe Dolce Gusto as their brand ambassador. Kappa headlined Huang as their brand ambassador for the campaign "I make my own trend" in the same month.
Lacoste appointed Huang as the company's first brand ambassador for Asia Pacific region and launched "Crocodile Inside" campaign in September 2019. In 2021, Huang cut ties with Lacoste because the company had not issued a global statement affirming that they were not boycotting Xinjiang cotton.
Businesses
On July 17, 2018, Huang established his own agency called L.TAO Entertainment. Apart from managing Huang's own work, L.TAO has also signed other artists including Xu Yiyang, a former trainee of SM Entertainment.
Huang has expanded his business further by opening a restaurant called "Hao Shi" and an architecture and design company called L.TAO Architecture and Design in June 2019.
Z.TAO's Man
Z.TAO's Man, a comic and 2D animation character that represents many elements of Huang, was launched in April 2019. Z.TAO's Man is a superhero character whose power is C-pop, the music genre Huang has been promoting and pursuing since the beginning of his solo debut. Huang has collaborated with SunMei Group which is a hospitality business group that owns Thank U hotel chain to create Z.TAO's Man.
Its weekly episodes are released on Sina Weibo's comic platform and a 2D animation is set to release.
Discography
The Road (2016)
Songwriting
Filmography
Film
Television series
Variety show
Music videos
Concerts and tours
Headliner
Z.Tao Mini Concert Tour (2015)
Z.Tao The Road Concert (2016)
Z.Tao Promise Concert Tour (2017)
Z.Tao 2018 Is GoØd Concert Tour (2018)
Z.Tao 2019 Is Blue Concert (2019)
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
21st-century Chinese male actors
21st-century Chinese male singers
Chinese expatriates in South Korea
Chinese K-pop singers
Chinese male dancers
Chinese male rappers
Chinese male television actors
Chinese male film actors
Chinese Mandopop singers
Chinese wushu practitioners
Exo members
English-language singers from China
Korean-language singers of China
Musicians from Qingdao
Male actors from Qingdao
Singers from Shandong
Chinese idols
Male actors from Shandong
Bong Ti (, ) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Sai Yok District, in Kanchanaburi Province, Thailand. The tambon contains four villages.
Geography
Bong Ti Subdistrict is in the mountainous area of the Tenasserim Hills, close to the border with Myanmar.
There is a tarmac road connecting with Sinbyudaing in Myanmar at the western end of the subdistrict. In 2005 the tambon had a population of 3,894 people. Many of the local inhabitants are Karen people.
In 2015, sound from the meteor was reported in three districts of Kanchanaburi Province: Thong Pha Phum, Sai Yok, and Si Sawat. The Governor of Kanchanaburi Province, Wan-chai Osukhonthip, ordered police and Sai Yok National Park rangers to search Wang Krachae and Bong Ti subdistricts in Sai Yok District for meteor debris.
References
External links
Pictures of the subdistrict
Tambon of Kanchanaburi Province
Populated places in Kanchanaburi province
Myanmar–Thailand border
Tenasserim Hills
Betty Loh Ti (July 24, 1937 – December 27, 1968), also known as Le Di or Loh Tih, was a Hong Kong actress originally from Shanghai. Known as the "Classic Beauty", she was one of the most celebrated actresses of Hong Kong cinema. She is most famous for her roles in the 1960 film The Enchanting Shadow, for which she was called "China's most beautiful actress" by the jury of the 1960 Cannes Film Festival, and The Love Eterne, which earned her the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress in 1963. She died from barbiturate overdose at the age of 31.
Early life
Betty Loh Ti was born as Hsi Chung-i on 24 July 1937 into a prominent family from Pudong, the owner of the Xi Fu Ji () Factory in Shanghai. She was born in the midst of the Battle of Shanghai, one of the bloodiest battles of the Second Sino-Japanese War, during which her father was killed by Japanese bombing before she was born.
She was the youngest of six siblings; her elder brother (born Hsi Chungchien) would grow up to become renowned actor Kelly Lai Chen. Her pet name was "Liuti" (六弟, literally "sixth brother", Loh Di in Shanghainese), which was later transformed into her stage name Loh Ti (Le Di). Their maternal grandfather was the tycoon , who owned the Tianchan Theater, then Shanghai's grandest theater for Chinese opera. Growing up near the opera house, she became interested in acting since early childhood and often sang along with Peking opera actors.
After their mother died in 1948, the children were brought up by their maternal grandmother. In 1949, her grandmother brought the children to Hong Kong, as part of the mass exodus from mainland China after the Communist victory in the Chinese Civil War.
Career
In Hong Kong, Loh's family lived next door to Yuan Yang-an, a cofounder and top executive of Great Wall Movie Enterprises. The studio signed a five-year contract with her in 1952, when she was 15. She debuted in the 1953 film The Peerless Beauty (). At Great Wall, she was eclipsed by the company's "Three Princesses" such as Hsia Moon, and was mainly cast in supporting roles. The sole exception was the 1957 film Suspicion, in which she played the female lead.
After her contract with Great Wall expired in 1958, Loh defected to Shaw Brothers Studio, which gave her more important roles. In The Magic Touch (妙手回春, 1958), her first film with Shaw Brothers, her performance as the famous fictional beauty Lin Daiyu earned her the nickname "Classic Beauty". Her 1960 film The Enchanting Shadow was a breakout success. It received an enthusiastic reception at the 1960 Cannes Film Festival, whose jury praised her as "China's most beautiful actress". In 1963, she played Zhu Yingtai, the female lead in the blockbuster The Love Eterne directed by Li Han-hsiang. It was considered her signature piece, and she won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress for her performance.
Loh joined Motion Picture & General Investment (MP&GI) in 1964. In 1967, she founded her own studio, Golden Eagle Film Company, together with her brother Kelly Lai Chen and director Yuan Chiufeng. She starred in 11 films from 1964 until her death in 1968.
Personal life and death
Loh married actor Peter Chen Ho in January 1962, and gave birth to a daughter named Chen Mingming in September 1962, but they divorced in 1967.
On December 27, 1968, Loh was found unconscious in her apartment in Kowloon. She was sent to Queen Elizabeth Hospital but died from barbiturate overdose. She was 31.
Legacy
Despite her untimely death, she is considered a screen legend. In 2017, the Hong Kong Film Archive organized an exhibition to commemorate her 80th birth anniversary. According to the organizers, Betty Loh Ti's "talent and charm remain unsurpassed to this day".
Filmography
With Great Wall Movie Enterprises (1953–1958):
The Peerless Beauty (1953)
Tales of the City (1954)
Loves of the Youngsters (1955)
Diamond Thief (1955)
The Apartment for Women (1956)
Sunrise (1956)
Three Loves (1956)
A Widow's Tears (1956)
The Song of Harmony (1957)
Suspicion (1957)
The Chivalrous Songstress (1957)
Love Affairs of a Confirmed Bachelor (1959)
With Shaw Brothers Studio (1958–1964):
The Magic Touch (1958)
Love Letter Murder (1959)
The Adventures of the Thirteenth Sister (1959)
The Deformed (1959)
The Malayan Affair (1960)
Back Door (1960)
Love Thy Neighbour (1960)
The Enchanting Shadow (1960)
When the Peach Blossoms Bloom (1960)
The Rose of Summer (1961)
1961 The Pistol
1962 The Bride Napping
1962 Dream of the Red Chamber
1962 Mid-Nightmare (Part One)
1963 Mid-Nightmare (Part Two)
1963 Revenge of a Swordswoman
1963 The Love Eterne
1963 My Lucky Star
1964 The Dancing Millionairess - Mei Xin-Yue <ref>{{cite web |url=http://hkmdb.com/db/movies/view.mhtml?id=4060&display_set=eng |title=The Dancing Millionairess|website=hkmdb.com |date=February 12, 1964 |accessdate=November 6, 2020}}</ref>
1964 The Story of Sue San
1965 Sons of the Good EarthWith MP&GI and Golden Eagle (1965–1968):
A Beggar's Daughter (1965)
The Longest Night (1965)
The Lucky Purse (1966)
Lady in the Moon (1966)
A Debt of Blood (1966)
The Magic Fan (1967)
Darling, Stay at Home (1968)
Travels with a Sword (1968)
Red Plum Pavilion (1968)
See also
Cinema of Hong Kong
Le Yiqin (another celebrated Chinese figure in modern history with same unusual "樂/乐" - Le/Loh'' surname)
References
External links
HK cinemagic entry
Betty Lo Tih at hkmdb.com
1937 births
1968 deaths
Hong Kong film actresses
20th-century Hong Kong actresses
Actresses from Shanghai
Drug-related deaths in Hong Kong
Suicides in Hong Kong
Shaw Brothers Studio
The Boston mayoral election of 1967 occurred on Tuesday, November 7, 1967, between Secretary of the Commonwealth Kevin White and Boston School Committee member Louise Day Hicks. White was elected to his first term, and inaugurated on Monday, January 1, 1968.
The nonpartisan municipal preliminary election was held on Tuesday, September 26, 1967.
Hicks' victory in the preliminary election made her the first woman to be a finalist for mayor in city history.
Candidates
Louise Day Hicks, member of the Boston School Committee since 1961.
Kevin White, Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth since 1961.
Candidates eliminated in preliminary
Nicholas Abraham, West Roxbury businessman.
Stephen Davenport, member of the Massachusetts Senate since 1965, member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1961 to 1965.
Peter F. Hines, member of the Boston City Council since 1958, council president in 1963.
Christopher A. Iannella, member of the Boston City Council since 1958, council president in 1962.
Edward J. Logue, former Director of the Boston Redevelopment Authority.
John J. McDonough, member of the Boston School Committee.
Albert L. O'Neil, member of the Boston Licensing Board.
John W. Sears, member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives since 1965.
Dropped out
Barry T. Hynes, President of the Boston City Council
Charles Iannello, state representative
Results
See also
List of mayors of Boston, Massachusetts
References
Further reading
(candidate profiles)
Boston mayoral
Boston
Mayoral elections in Boston
Non-partisan elections
1960s in Boston
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1526.
Events
Spring – The first complete printed translation of the New Testament into English, by William Tyndale, arrives in England from Germany, printing having been completed in Worms by Peter Schöffer the younger, with other copies being printed in Amsterdam.
c. September – Following the Battle of Mohács, the Bibliotheca Corviniana in Ofen is destroyed by troops of the Ottoman Empire.
September 6 – The first complete Dutch-language translation of the Bible is printed by Jacob van Liesvelt in Antwerp.
October – Cuthbert Tunstall, Bishop of London, attempts to collect all copies of Tyndale's New Testament in his diocese and burn them.
unknown dates
The New Testament is translated into Swedish, as the first such official translation, made by Olaus Petri under royal patronage.
An edition of the Bible, Biblia Sacra, is printed by Yolande Bonhomme in Paris, the first to be printed by a woman.
New books
Prose
A Hundred Merry Tales (A C. Mary Talys, printed by John Rastell and perhaps compiled by John Heywood)
Martin Luther – The Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ – Against the Fanatics (Sakrament des Leibes and Blutes Christi wider die Schwarmgeister)
William Tyndale – New Testament Bible translation, part of the Tyndale Bible
Drama
Niccolò Machiavelli – The Mandrake (La Mandragola, first performance)
Poetry
Teofilo Folengo (as "Limerno Pitocco da Mantova") – Orlandino
Jacopo Sannazaro
De Partu Virginis
Piscatoria
Shin Maha Rahtathara – Kogan Pyo
Births
March 11 – Heinrich Rantzau, German humanist, astrologer and bibliophile (died 1598)
unknown dates
Bâkî (باقى), born Mahmud Abdülbâkî (محمود عبد الباقى), Ottoman Turkish poet (died 1600)
Tani Soyo (谷宗養), Japanese renga poet (died 1563)
Deaths
unknown date – Jean Marot, French poet (born c. 1450)
References
1526
1526 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
The Triple Crown of Canoe Racing (French: La Triple Couronne de Canots Long Parcours) is a canoe marathon series consisting of:
The General Clinton Canoe Regatta: staged Memorial Day on New York's Susquehanna River, a one-day, non-stop 70-mile race from Cooperstown to Bainbridge.
The Au Sable River Canoe Marathon: a non-stop race from Grayling Charter Township to Oscoda on Michigan's Au Sable River during the last weekend of July.
La Classique internationale de canots de la Mauricie: staged Labor Day weekend on Quebec's Saint-Maurice River, a three-day race from La Tuque to Trois-Rivières.
Competitors race in USCA C2 canoes. It is a popular spectator event. The competitors maintain a pace of 50 to 80 strokes per minute and the competition is intense. Athletes must complete portages at a running pace.
The triple crown was established in 1992 and recognizes the performances by athletes who compete at all three races.
Champions of The Triple Crown of Canoe Racing
1992: Serge Corbin, Quebec & Brett Stockton, Michigan
1993- 1995: Serge Corbin & Solomon Carriere, Saskatchewan
1996-1999: Serge Corbin
2000-2003 Serge Corbin & Jeff Kolka, Michigan
2004 Andrew Triebold, Michigan & Steve Lajoie, Quebec
2005 Matthew Rimer, Michigan
2006 Andrew Triebold & Matthew Rimern
2007 Matthew Rimer
2008-2013: Andrew Triebold & Steve Lajoie
2014 Andrew Triebold
2015 Mathieu Pellerin & Guillaume Blais
References
External links
Triple Crown of Canoe Racing YouTube Channel
The mystique of the Triple Crown of canoe marathon continues, Canoe & Kayak Racing, September/October 2009
General Clinton Canoe Regatta
Canoeing and kayaking competitions in the United States
Canoeing and kayaking competitions in Canada
Canoe marathon
Jacques Desagneaux (born 1905) was a French film editor, active between 1930 and 1967. He was also an occasional actor, appearing in a handful of films.
Selected filmography
My Friend Victor (1931)
To the Polls, Citizens (1932)
The Bread Peddler (1934)
The Two Boys (1936)
Fire in the Straw (1939)
Berlingot and Company (1939)
Carmen (1942)
La Symphonie fantastique (1942)
Voyage Without Hope (1943)
The Battle of the Rails (1946)
A Lover's Return (1946)
Man to Men (1948)
All Roads Lead to Rome (1949)
Lost Souvenirs (1950)
Adorable Creatures (1952)
Fanfan la Tulipe (1952)
Lucrèce Borgia (1953)
Daughters of Destiny (1954)
Madame du Barry (1954)
Nana (1955)
Nathalie (1957)
The Law Is the Law (1958)
Dynamite Jack (1961)
The Gentleman from Epsom (1962)
The Black Tulip (1964)
References
Bibliography
Mitchell, Charles P. The Great Composers Portrayed on Film, 1913 through 2002. McFarland, 2004.
External links
1905 births
Year of death unknown
French film editors
French male film actors
People from Vincennes
Koottukar The deadly alliance is a 2010 Indian Malayalam-language superhit action thriller multistar film directed by Prasad Vaalacheril, starring Vinu Mohan and Bhama.
Plot
Chandradas, an advocate receives a phone call during his birthday party regarding a business deal from Unnikrishnan, who then kills him when they meet. Antony Alex, Unnikrishnan's childhood friend, attempts to arrest him and his underworld ally Masthan Bhai, but Bhai's right-hand man Mahmmed shows up and saves them. Bhai tells Mahmmed not to kill Alex and promises to surrender once Unnikrishnan has had his revenge. Alex becomes Commissioner of Police and visits Father Varghese Chembanthotti, who tries to make contact with Unnikrishnan through Bhai, but fails.
Later, Unnikrishnan visits his old house to reminisce. His father Krishnan, an honest taxi driver, had wanted his son to be a police officer, and Unnikrishnan had passed his exams and was selected for IPS training. He was also in love with a woman named Achu, whom both families expected him to marry.
But one day, Krishnan was attacked by a drunk man named Kannan. Unnikrishnan fought the attacker off; however, Kannan's father, S. P. Somasundaram, ordered police officer Kodi Rajan to take Krishnan and Unnikrishnan into custody and beat them. Rajan and his accomplice Narayanan tortured the pair, and in the process, Krishnan was killed. Afterwards, Unnikrishnan was falsely convicted of killing another man and sent to prison. Achu, at Unnikrishnan's urging, went along with her parents' plans and married someone else. Unnikrishnan's mother and sister were raped by Rajan and Narayanan; the women committed suicide.
In jail, Unnikrishnan was attacked by another prisoner, but Bhai intervened and saved him. Bhai revealed that Somasundaram and Kannan had betrayed him to customs in a smuggling deal. That was the point at which Unnikrishnan and Bhai became friends and allies.
Back in the present, Unnikrishnan kills those who have ruined his life one by one, with Bhai's assistance, but the mission to kill Kannan goes wrong. Kannan reveals that Bhai was his killer before he dies, and Somasundaram begins a manhunt, though Somasundaram stabs Bhai to death before he can be captured. Unnikrishnan then pays a last visit to Father Varghese and asks the priest to pray for him. Meanwhile, Somasundaram takes Mahmmed into custody and uses his confession to arrest Unnikrishnan.
In the final act, Aswathy successfully prosecutes Unnikrishnan, who is sentenced to death. After the verdict, Aswathy commits suicide. Unnikrishnan manages to escape from custody, but only temporarily; as the police shoot him down, Somasundaram is accidentally killed by Alex. Unnikrishnan dies in Father Varghese's arms with Alex by his side.
Cast
Vinu Mohan as Unnikrishnan
Bhama as Achu
Shankar as Masthan Bhai
Anoop Chandran as Father Varghese Chembanthotti
Saiju Kurup as Antony Alex
Sreelatha Namboothiri
Devan as Krishnan
Urmila Unni as Devaki
Ambika Mohan as Achu's mother
Narayanankutty as Abookka
Kalashala Babu as Chandradas
Santhosh as Kozhi Rajan
Kollam Ajith as Narayanan
Mamukkoya as Ikka
Soundtrack
"Chendumalli Thazhvarayil" - sung by Unnimenon and Sujatha, lyrics by Pulikkottil Hydarali, music by Sam Thomas
"Inshah Allah" - sung by G. Venugopal, lyrics by Bichu Tirumala, music by S. P. Venkitesh
"Unnikkurulukhal" - sung by M. G. Sreekumar, lyrics by Tirumala, music by Venkitesh
"Madhuvoorum Ennazhakhe" - sung by Madhu Balakrishnan, lyrics by Vasu Areekkodu, music by Venkitesh
References
Film audio
Koottukar Official Website
Nowrunning article
CompleteMovie article
Koottukar article at MalluMovies
Discuss about Kootukar Malayalam movie
External links
2010 films
2010s romantic action films
2010s Malayalam-language films
Indian romantic action films
Nothin Personal is the debut mixtape by American rapper Cozz and was released on January 4, 2016 by Dreamville Records and Tha Committee Records.
Background
The mixtape includes features from label-mate Bas, as well as Boogie, Correy C, and Free Akrite. The production of this mixtape is mostly handled by Meez, but includes guest producers from D2, T. Lew, and Mike Almighty.
Singles
On December 8, 2015, Cozz announced the mixtape while releasing two new songs which appeared on the Dreamville compilation album, Revenge of the Dreamers II, "Tabs" and "Grow". On December 31, Cozz announced the release date of the mixtape along with releasing "My Side" on the same day. A day before the mixtape's release, Cozz shared another single, titled "Who Said", on January 3, 2016. On February 25, he released the official music video for "Tabs" featuring Bas. On May 27, the single "My Side" was made available to Spotify with the official music video being released on May 31.
Critical reception
Upon its release, Nothin Personal received generally positive reviews from critics. Scott Glaysher of HipHopDX rated the mixtape 3 out 5 saying, "[it's] pretty clear that Cozz considers himself underrated amongst his rap peers, as he mentions that idea frequently" and "[only] a year removed from that solo debut, Cozz still has a lot of time to show and prove. Nothin Personal isn't exactly perfection or an obvious contender for “2016 project of the year,” but it's good enough to keep us from writing Cozz off, for now." Paul A. Thompson of Pitchfork Media gave the mixtape a 6.9 out of 10 saying "His new offering, Nothin Personal, is a low-concept stroll through the Crip-controlled blocks of Cozz's youth."
Track listing
References
2016 mixtape albums
Dreamville Records albums
Harold Washington Cultural Center is a performance facility located in the historic Bronzeville neighborhood of Chicago's South Side. It was named after Chicago's first African-American Mayor Harold Washington and opened in August 2004, ten years after initial groundbreaking. In addition to the 1,000-seat Commonwealth Edison (Com-Ed) Theatre, the center offers a Digital Media Resource Center. Former Chicago City Council Alderman Dorothy Tillman and singer Lou Rawls take credit for championing the center, which cost $19.5 million. It was originally to be named the Lou Rawls Cultural Center, but Alderman Tillman changed the name without telling Rawls. Although it is considered part of the Bronzeville neighborhood it is not part of the Chicago Landmark Black Metropolis-Bronzeville District that is in the Douglas community area.
The limestone building, which is located on the same site as a former historic black theatre, the Regal has become the subject of controversy stemming from nepotism. After a construction phase marked by delays and cost overruns, it has had a financially disappointing start and has been underutilized by many standards. These disappointments were chronicled in an award winning investigative report.
The center suffered from under use leading to financial management difficulties. After it defaulted on some loans, the Chicago City Council voted in November 2010 to have the City Colleges of Chicago take over the Center and use it for a consolidated Performing Arts program.
Harold Washington
Harold Washington was a native Chicagoan who served 16 years in the Illinois Legislature and two years in the United States House of Representatives before he was elected to the mayor's office in 1983. Washington earned a B.A. in 1949 from Roosevelt University and his law degree in 1952 from Northwestern University. He was then admitted to the Illinois Bar in 1953 after which he practiced law in Chicago. His Mayoral victory encouraged Blacks throughout the country to register to vote, and marked the end of racial inequality in Chicago politics.
Today
The center has not been successful by most measures. The center received $800,000 from Commonwealth Edison for the naming rights to the theatre for ten years before the center opened. The center had originally broken ground on what was to be called the Lou Rawls Theatre and Cultural Center, in 1993 and had accepted a $100,000 check from Rawls's aunt, Vivian Carter, to help to fund-raise efforts, during a second groundbreaking in 1998. However, by 2002, in frustration of what should have been completed Rawls withdrew from and distanced himself from the project. Tillman insisted the delays were a function of her insistence that the project use at least 70% African-American contractors. The original plan to have a Blues District surrounding the Center never materialized.
Finances
The center lost nearly twice as much money as it grossed in its first full year of operations. Investigative reports by the Lakefront Outlook show that between August 17, 2004 and June 30, 2005, which marked its first fiscal calendar year, the HWCC show federal tax return revenues of $678,688, including government grants of $25,000 while its expenses totaled $1,269,514. It has essentially used all of the $2 million in private donations made during the construction and fund-raising phases. Despite a small steady flow of public money, Tobacco Road Inc., the non-profit manager of the center has had to refinance one of the three mortgages on the property. The property did make a $50,000 profit in 2006.
Calendar
Although the center was originally meant to be an education center first, and an entertainment center second it has not been a success at either. Youth programming has been scarce and the performance calendar has been sparse. As a result it has failed to lure the anticipated amount of tourism to the neighborhood.
City takeover
On November 1, 2010, a committee of the Chicago City Council voted to invest $1.8 million in the Center and take over control of the Center as its primary lien holder for outstanding debt. By that time Tobacco Road Inc. was in loan foreclosure. The plan called for having the Center run by the City Colleges of Chicago. This was considered a way to protect the city's previous $8.9 million investment. Alderman Tillman pointed out that the move was done without a proper feedback time and at a time when City Colleges finance difficulties included the Olive–Harvey College and Kennedy–King College nursing school closures. However, the plan included consolidating City Colleges performing arts programs at the center. Mayor Daley noted that the center had been "more than 200 events-a-year short of its booking obligations". The City Colleges were expected to use the center for both educational and entertainment events.
History
The Center is located on a historical corner in the historical Bronzeville neighborhood. The intersection at 47th Street and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive (formerly South Park) was at one time one of the most storied intersections in the Afro-American culture. As the location of the former Regal Theatre, it played host to the most prominent icons in African-American music such as Count Basie and Duke Ellington regularly. The corner provided fodder for national gossip columnists and for the dreams of Black American youth. The Bronzeville neighborhood was at one time the city's center of Black cultural, business and political life. It was also the former home to famous musicians such as Scott Joplin, Louis Armstrong, Jelly Roll Morton and Fats Waller, as well as legendary blues artist Willie Dixon and many more.
Features
The Harold Washington Cultural Center has private corporate meetings rooms, to host workshops, and receptions. It also has a two-story atrium equipped with three 48' plasma screens for video. The center features the Com-Ed Theatre and the Digital Media Resource Center. The center is and has a statue measuring of the late Mayor at the entrance on the corner of 47th Street and Dr. Martin Luther King Drive. The lobby features two-story windows that admit natural light, marble floors, a black-and-white spiral staircase, which looks like a winding piano keyboard. The Center was originally configures with an 1,800-seat theatre, an art gallery and museum space.
The current Com-Ed Theatre is a 1,000 seat performance facility.
The Digital Media Resource Center offers technology workshops that are free to the public. The main objective of the center is to "foster an environment that provides children and seniors of the Bronzeville community (and Chicago's south side at large) with hands on technology driven experiences." The Digital Media Resource Center is sponsored by the Illinois Institute of Technology, Comcast and Advance Computer Technical Group. The state of the art center offers a wireless network with a radius. The center features Comcast broadband and has upload capability to offer online concerts from the center. The computer center has 30 computer stations. The center serves seniors, small business owners as well as local youth.
The statue shows Mayor Washington looking authoritative in a business suit and tie and talking as if to a committee while clenching a document in his right hand and gesturing with his left. The sculpture also has a biography of Washington's political, military and academic record at the bottom.
Controversy
The Lakefront Outlook, a free weekly newspaper with a circulation of 12,000 that reports on the Chicago's Bronzeville neighborhood, won a George Polk Award, one of the most coveted honors in journalism, for its investigative reports about Dorothy Tillman (3rd) and the Harold Washington Cultural Center. These reports focus on the post construction controversies and ignore the construction delays and cost overruns. Despite these controversies and his stand on ethics reform, U.S. Senator Barack Obama endorsed Tillman in her 2007 election in part because she was an early supporter of his.
Management
Jimalita Tillman, Dorothy Tillman's daughter, is the executive director of Tobacco Road for which she is paid $45,000. Current and former members of the Tobacco Road board include her brother Bemaji Tillman; Otis Clay, a Chicago musician and long time friend of Dorothy Tillman; Robin Brown, Dorothy Tillman's former chief of staff; Brenda Ramsey, a campaign contributor to Tillman's 3rd Ward Democratic Organization; and Terrence Bell, a financial contributor to Tillman's campaigns.
Catering
Some of the events that the Center has hosted are under scrutiny for violating federal non-profit tax law. The Internal Revenue Service forbids persons affiliated with a non-profit group — and their relatives — from transacting for profit to a non-profit group's senior management or members of its board of directors. Jimalita Tillman owns and operates the Spoken Word CafÈ, located directly north of the HWCC, which seems provide catering for HWCC events. That is potentially a violation of federal tax law.
Events
The grand opening gala featured Roy Ayers leading a 14-piece Harold Washington Cultural Center Orchestra. Among the other events hosted at the HWCC have been the Olympic Champion speedskater, Shani Davis, celebration marking his return to the United States following the 2006 Winter Olympics in March 2006.
In addition, from July 23 – 25, 2006, a three-day conference commemorating the 40th anniversary of the Chicago Freedom Movement was held at the center. Attendees included C.T. Vivian and Jesse Jackson who delivered the concluding lecture.
In September 2006, the Black United Fund honored Tillman and her daughters Jimalita, Ebony and Gimel at a gala at the center.
The building has hosted several concerts by groups such as De La Soul, and it has hosted a birthday party for Da Brat with invitees such as Mariah Carey, Jermaine Dupri and Twista.
In July 2009, the Center was swarmed for a viewing of the memorial of Michael Jackson.
References
External links
Official website
Buildings and structures in Chicago
Comandante Sampaio is a rail station belonging to ViaMobilidade Line 8-Diamond, located in the city of Osasco, in the Km 18 borough.
History
Opened on 12 October 1946 by Estrada de Ferro Sorocabana, the station had two official names: General Sampaio and Comandante Sampaio, both in tribute to General Antônio de Sampaio, hero of the Paraguayan War and patron of the infantry of the Brazilian Army, being the 2nd second name who prevailed.
The original station was built where the current Viaduct Presidente Tancredo Neves is located, in 1986. In 1971, Ferrovia Paulista S/A (FEPASA) absorbed EFS, and remodeled the West Line, and Comandante Sampaio station was rebuilt on 25 January 1979. Besides FEPASA had expropriated an area in front of the main access of the station for the construction of a bus terminal, the work wasn't executed and the area became a car park.
In 1996, CPTM assumed the operation of the station and the line.
Project
Between November 2004 and March 2005, CPTM published bidding no. 8379402011, aiming the modernization of 12 station, divided in 6 lots. Station Comandante Sampaio was part of Lot 1, along with station Domingos de Moraes. This lot was won by Sistema Pri/Engecorps Consortium by the value of R$ 492,852.00 (US$ in 2018).
The architectural project of remodeling was made between 2005 and 2007 by Escritório N&W Arquitetos, of Nelson Andrade and Wilson Edson Jorge. Besides it was concluded, no construction works was hired until this time.
References
External links
ViaMobilidade Official Page (in Portuguese)
Companhia Paulista de Trens Metropolitanos stations
Railway stations opened in 1946
Movima is a language that is spoken by about 1,400 (nearly half) of the Movima, a group of Native Americans that resides in the Llanos de Moxos region of the Bolivian Amazon, in northeastern Bolivia. It is considered a language isolate, as it has not been proven to be related to any other language.
Locations
Movima is spoken in the locations of 18 de Noviembre, 20 de Enero, Bella Flor, Buen Día, Carmen de Iruyañez, Carnavales, Ipimo, Miraflores, Navidad, San Lorenzo, Santa Ana del Yacuma.
Phonology
Movima has five vowels:
and more closely resemble and , respectively, than the close-mid vowels and . Vowels have a phonemic length distinction, although some prosodic processes can lengthen otherwise short vowels. Movima does not have tone.
The plosive is realized as in the syllable onset but as (which contrasts with the simple nasal phoneme ) in the coda. Similarly, and are realized as and (i.e., as a glottal stop with a vocalic release), respectively, in the syllable coda. In vowel-initial words and between adjacent vowels, an epenthetic glottal stop appears.
The phonemes and are only present in Spanish loanwords.
Morphology
In Movima, compounding and incorporation are productive derivational processes. Reduplication and affixation, including some processes (such as the irrealis marker (k)a''') that resemble infixation, are also common. Typical examples of inflection, such as number, case, tense, mood, and aspect, are not obligatorily marked in Movima. Many derivational processes can be applied to a single Movima word. The same morpheme may appear multiple times in one word this way, for instance, tikoy-na-poj-na'' "I make X kill Y."
Vocabulary
Loukotka (1968) lists the following basic vocabulary items.
{| class="wikitable sortable"
! gloss !! Mobima
|-
| one || sotaru
|-
| two || oira
|-
| three || taxra
|-
| tooth || söichlan
|-
| tongue || rulkua
|-
| hand || chopa
|-
| woman || kukya
|-
| water || toni
|-
| fire || vé
|-
| moon || yekcho
|-
| maize || kuaxta
|-
| jaguar || rulrul
|-
| house || roya
|}
See also
Llanos de Moxos (archaeology)
Further reading
Judy, R. A.; Judy, J. (1962). Movima y castellano. (Vocabularios Bolivianos, 1). Vocabularios Bolivianos. Cochabamba: Summer Institute of Linguistics.
References
External links
World Atlas of Language Structures information on Movima
Lenguas de Bolivia (online edition)
Movima (Intercontinental Dictionary Series)
Language isolates of South America
Languages of Bolivia
Mamoré–Guaporé linguistic area
I'm Thinking of Ending Things is the 2016 debut novel of Canadian writer Iain Reid. It was first published in June 2016 in the United States by Simon & Schuster. The book has been described as a psychological thriller and horror fiction, and is about a young woman who has many doubts about her relationship with her boyfriend but nevertheless takes a road trip with him to meet his parents.
The novel was selected by National Public Radio as one of the best books of 2016, was a finalist in the 2016 Shirley Jackson Award, and appeared on the 2017 Ottawa Independent Writers Frank Hegyi Award for Emerging Authors longlist. In 2020 Netflix released a film adaptation of the book, written and directed by Charlie Kaufman and starring Jesse Plemons, Jessie Buckley, Toni Collette, and David Thewlis.
Plot summary
The story is narrated by Jake's unnamed girlfriend of only a few months. They met in a pub during a college trivia night, and Jake gave her his phone number by writing it on a piece of paper and slipping it into her bag. Several weeks later, he takes her to meet his parents on their remote farm. She has been considering "ending things," but has not told him yet. It is a long drive, and they engage in lengthy philosophical discussions.
The evening with Jake's parents turns out to be unpleasant and scary. They ask her awkward questions and she sees unsettling things, like a picture of Jake as a child that looks as if it could be her. During the long drive home, Jake decides to stop for "something sweet" at a Dairy Queen. The narrator is exhausted and wants to get home, but reluctantly agrees. She recognizes one of the girls that works at the Dairy Queen, but can't pinpoint why. After getting back on the road, Jake wants to dispose of the cups from their iced drinks at a nearby high school. It is snowing in the middle of the night, and the school is deserted. After disposing of the cups, he starts making out with her in the car in front of the school, but stops when he sees the janitor watching them from one of the windows. Furious, Jake leaves her alone in the car and enters the school building to confront him.
After a long wait in the cold car, Jake's girlfriend, scared and worried, goes looking for him. She searches the long corridors in the main building, then realizes she is being followed. Believing it to be the janitor, she tries to hide and quickly gets lost. Jake's girlfriend relives traumatic childhood experiences of a neighbor visiting her mother and threatening to take her away. She is terrified and wishes she had ended things with Jake. Then she remembers where the gym is, even though she has never been to this school before. She makes her way there, hoping to find a way out, but becomes confused as to who she is. She starts to physically deteriorate and is unable to see herself separate from Jake. After a while, she discovers that she and Jake are the same person. They make their way to the janitor's room and climb in the closet. Jake becomes the narrator and recalls how he wished he had given her his phone number that trivia night in the pub, but was too shy. He hoped to meet her again, but that never happened. So he wrote about her – he had to make it real. The janitor finds them in his room. He gives her a metal clothes hanger from the closet and says, "I'm thinking of ending things". She agrees, straightens the hanger out, and stabs herself in the neck with the sharp end. As she bleeds out, he says "A single unit, back to one. Me. Only me. Jake. Alone again."
Many of the chapters of the book are separated by a conversation between two strangers who discuss a horrific incident that occurred at the school. Near the end of the book, it is revealed they are talking about Jake. Jake was a student who dropped out of college 30 years ago and was employed at the school as a janitor. They talk about how he came from a farm, and that his parents had died long ago. They note how withdrawn and disturbed he became and that he used to spend much of his time on his own writing in notebooks. They discuss the discovery of his body and the notebooks, but it is only when they read them that they understand what happened.
Background
Reid told interviewers it took him about three years to write the book, although ideas for the story had been with him for far longer. He drew on his experiences growing up on a farm in remote Ontario, and travelling Canadian country roads in total darkness. Reid said that he left the novel's ending open to interpretation, and that while he has his own explanation about what the ending means, other interpretations are all "totally valid". He added that he appreciates books that "put some of the onus onto me to decipher and complete the story".
Reception
According to the review aggregator bookmarks, I'm Thinking of Ending Things received positive reviews, based on 5 reviews.
In a review in the Chicago Tribune, Lloyd Sachs described I'm Thinking of Ending Things as "the boldest and most original literary thriller to appear in some time". He called Reid "a master of tension", and that despite the book's "philosophic weight", he "pulls it off". Sachs recommended re-reading the book, saying that "[w]ith its deep enigmas" and the "dense psychological space [the characters are] traveling through", it "remains as full of dark surprises as your friendly neighborhood black hole".
Hannah Pittard wrote in a review in The New York Times that she felt the novel's "bait-and-switch tactic"—interspacing the Jake-and-girlfriend narrative with a commentary between two strangers about an unspecified tragedy—too "gimmicky". She also felt that Reid's story was a little too non-diegetic, in that the narrator withholds too much from the reader. Pittard expressed her disappointment at the book's "big reveal" at the end, saying that it "hastily disposes of unexplained and unnecessary red herrings, and the revelation is at once too tidy and too convenient to be satisfying".
Writing in The Australian, author Pip Smith said the novel "reads like a short story with its elastic stretched to snapping point". She said that while it has all the ingredients of a good thriller with mounting tension and a twist at the end, Reid "sells his concept short" by sticking to the thriller format. Smith was critical of Reid's portrayal of Jake's girlfriend as having "inferior intelligence". She acknowledged that by the end of the book it becomes clear that the author was not trying to create "a believable female character, but ... a misanthropic male's fantasy of a female character". However, until the twist, readers "have spent 200 pages with a narrator who is structurally obliged to sound unintelligent". Smith felt that "Reid's novel is about being trapped – by intelligence, social awkwardness, a fantasy of what could have been ... but his novel is also trapped by its own lure: a narrator too flimsy to feel real." She concluded that re-reading the book gives the text new meaning, but added that many people will only read it once, and will miss Reid's "provocations about predetermination and free will".
References
External links
I'm Thinking of Ending Things at Fantastic Fiction
I'm Thinking of Ending Things at Simon & Schuster
I'm Thinking of Ending Things reader discussions
2010s horror novels
2016 Canadian novels
Canadian novels adapted into films
Psychological thriller novels
Simon & Schuster books
2016 debut novels
George Coats may refer to:
George Coats, 1st Baron Glentanar (1849–1918), Scottish cotton manufacturer
George Coats of Coats' disease
See also
George Coates
Coats (surname)
The Grove Hill Cemetery is a historic cemetery at 290 Main Street in Waltham, Massachusetts. Established in 1703, the cemetery was Waltham's only cemetery until 1857, when Mount Feake Cemetery opened. It was authorized in 1703, but its initial parcel of land was not purchased until 1704. The first documented burial, however, took place in November 1703. The northwest section of the cemetery is its oldest portion, and includes a number of unmarked gravesites. The cemetery continues in active use today, and contains a representative sample of funerary art spanning 300 years. It now covers more than , extending between Main and Grove Streets. Its main entrance features posts with an Egyptian Revival theme, a style continued with the presence of obelisks dispersed on the grounds.
The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Waltham, Massachusetts
References
Buildings and structures in Waltham, Massachusetts
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
1703 establishments in Massachusetts
Cemeteries in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Waltham, Massachusetts
Experimental Bacteriology: in Its Applications to the Diagnosis, Epidemiology, and Immunology of Infectious Diseases is a textbook on bacteriology and infectious diseases. It was one of the most authoritative works in medical microbiology in the first half of the 20th century.
Aimed at medical students and practitioners, it has been published in ten/eleven editions in German, and in editions in French and English. The first edition appeared in 1906, written by Wilhelm Kolle and Heinrich Hetsch, and the book is frequently referred to as "Kolle-Hetsch." The eighth (1938) and ninth (1942) editions were edited by Hetsch and Hans Schlossberger. The last, significantly revised and largely newly written edition, numbered as a combined tenth and eleventh edition, was published in 1952 by Urban & Schwarzenberg (now Elsevier) with Hans Schlossberger as general editor, and with contributions from H. Brandis, B. Schmidt, H.G. Haussmann, , I. Weimershaus-Eckart, , A. Kutzsche and W. Weimershaus. Although Schlossberger was general editor, much of the editing work was done by Brandis.
A French translation appeared in 1910, published by Doin, and an English edition was published in 1934 by Allen & Unwin.
Bibliography
Wilhelm Kolle, Heinrich Hetsch, Die experimentelle Bakteriologie und die Infektionskrankheiten mit besonderer Berücksichtigung der Immunitätslehre. Ein Lehrbuch für Studierende, Ärzte und Medizinalbeamte, Urban & Schwarzenberg, 1906
Hans Schlossberger (general editor), Experimentelle Bakteriologie und Infektionskrankheiten; mit besonderer Berücksichtigung der Immunitätslehre, 10th/11th significantly revised edition, Urban & Schwarzenberg, 1952
Wilhelm Kolle, Heinrich Hetsch, La bactériologie expérimentale: appliquée à l'étude des maladies infectieuses, translated by H. Carrière, Paris, Doin, 1910
Wilhelm Kolle, Heinrich Hetsch, Dagny Erikson, John William Henry Eyre, Experimental Bacteriology in Its Applications to the Diagnosis, Epidemiology, and Immunology of Infectious Diseases, London, Allen & Unwin, 1934
References
Medical manuals
1906 non-fiction books
1906 in biology
Bacteriology
Infectious diseases
Lissopimpla excelsa, commonly known as the orchid dupe wasp, is a wasp of the family Ichneumonidae native to Australia. Although also found in New Zealand, where it is known as the dusky-winged ichneumonid, it has probably been introduced there. However, another source states that it may be native to New Zealand.
It pollinates all five Australian members of the orchid genus Cryptostylis. The male wasp mistakes the flower parts for a female wasp and attempts to copulate with it. Although the different species can occur together, they appear to inhibit cross-fertilisation and no hybrids are found in nature. This discovery was made by Australian naturalist Edith Coleman in 1928. The term "pseudocopulation" has since been coined to describe the phenomenon. The mimicking of flowers to resemble female wasp parts has since been recorded in other orchid genera.
Although termed pseudocopulation, vigorous copulation does occur, and the male wasp ejaculates enough so that the emissions are visible to the naked eye on the flower parts. A 2008 field study showed these to contain wasp sperm. The flowers of Cryptostylis orchids and female wasp body parts are very similar in colour when viewed under a hymenopteran visual system, despite looking unlike to human eyes. Although the colours that ichneumon wasps see are unknown, bees and wasps have similar perception with green, blue and ultraviolet wavelengths. The Cryptostylis flowers have no smell detectable to humans, but have been shown to have an odour which attracts the wasp. Pseudocopulation with the orchid Cryptostylis subulata occurs in New Zealand.
The orchid dupe wasp was first described by Italian entomologist Achille Costa in 1864 as Pimpla excelsa, before being placed in (and becoming the type species of) the new genus Lissopimpla in 1889 by Joseph Kriechbaumer, who called it Lissopimpla octo-guttata Kriechb. It was also known for many years as Lissopimpla semipunctata, however Costa's name has priority and hence is the correct name. The head, mesosoma, legs and apical segments of the metasoma are red-brown, the first four segments of the metasoma are black with paired large white spots, and the wings are a dark smoky brown except at the apex of the fore wings. Like all members of its family, L. excelsa is parasitic. One species it preys upon is the noctuid moth pest species Helicoverpa armigera.
References
Hymenoptera of New Zealand
Ichneumonidae
Insects of Australia
Orchid pollinators
Taxa named by Achille Costa
William Simmian "Willis" Kienholz (October 10, 1875 – September 20, 1958) was an American football player and coach. He served one-year stints as the head coach at six different colleges: Lombard College in Galesburg, Illinois (1903), North Carolina College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts—now North Carolina State University (1904), the University of Colorado at Boulder (1905), University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (1906), Auburn University (1907), and Washington State University (1909). Kienholz played football at the University of Minnesota in 1898 and 1899.
Coaching career
In 1902, Kienholz was an assistant football coach as his alma mater, Minnesota, working under head coach Henry L. Williams. The next year he was the head football coach at Lombard College in Galesburg, Illinois, leading his team to a championship of Illinois colleges.
In 1904, Kienholz coached at North Carolina A&M, and compiled a 3–1–2 record. In 1905, he coached at Colorado, and compiled an 8–1 record. In 1907, he coached at Auburn, and compiled a 6–2–1 record. In 1909, he coached at Washington State, and compiled a 4–1 record.
Later life and death
Kienholz later served as the director of vocational training for the public schools of Los Angeles, California. He died on September 20, 1958, in Seattle, Washington.
Head coaching record
References
External links
1875 births
1958 deaths
19th-century players of American football
American football halfbacks
American football quarterbacks
Auburn Tigers football coaches
Colorado Buffaloes football coaches
Lombard Olive football coaches
Minnesota Golden Gophers football coaches
Minnesota Golden Gophers football players
NC State Wolfpack football coaches
North Carolina Tar Heels football coaches
Washington State Cougars football coaches
People from Dodge County, Minnesota
Coaches of American football from Minnesota
Ophioglossaceae, the adder's-tongue family, is a small family of ferns. In the Pteridophyte Phylogeny Group classification of 2016 (PPG I), it is the only family in the order Ophioglossales, which together with the Psilotales is placed in the subclass Ophioglossidae. The Ophioglossidae are one of the groups traditionally known as eusporangiate ferns. Members of the family differ from other ferns in a number of ways. Many have only a single fleshy leaf at a time. Their gametophytes are subterranean and rely on fungi for energy.
Description
Members of Ophioglossaceae are usually terrestrial (excepting a few epiphytic species of Ophioglossum) and occur in both temperate and tropical areas. They differ from the other ferns in several respects:
Many species only send up one frond or leaf-blade per year, producing only a single leaf at a time. The leaves are usually fleshy, and in temperate areas will often turn brownish or reddish during colder months.
Instead of the leptosporangia typical of most ferns they produce eusporangia, which are larger, contain more spores, and have thicker walls.
Their sporophylls (spore-bearing leaves) are divided into two distinct parts, the sporophore, which produces sporangia and has a greatly reduced and modified blade, and the rest of the leaf, the trophophore.
Their gametophytes are subterranean and rely on fungi for their energy (in other words, they are myco-heterotrophic), unlike the terrestrial, photosynthetic gametophytes found in most ferns.
In addition to having mycoheterotrophic gametophytes, there are a few members of Botrychium that are unique among ferns in having the sporophytes also mycoheterotrophic, producing only small, ephemeral sporophylls that do not photosynthesize.
The plants have short-lived spores formed in sporangia lacking an annulus, and borne on a stalk that splits from the leaf blade; and fleshy roots. A few species send up fertile spikes only, without any conventional leaf-blade. The spores will not germinate if exposed to sunlight, and the gametophyte can live some two decades without forming a sporophyte.
The genus Ophioglossum has the highest chromosome counts of any known plant. The record holder is Ophioglossum reticulatum, with about 630 pairs of chromosomes (1260 chromosomes per cell). Other measurements have indicated a chromosome number up to 1440 (n = 720). For comparison, humans have 46 chromosomes, consisting of n = 23 pairs.
Ophioglossum malviae from the Western Ghats in India has been characterized as the world's smallest terrestrial pteridophyte with plants typically 1–1.2 cm in size.
Taxonomy
History of classification
The ferns in this group were originally treated as a family and later as the separate order Ophioglossales. In some classifications, they were placed in a separate division, Ophioglossophyta, but molecular phylogenetic studies have shown the Ophioglossales to be closely related to the Psilotales, and both are placed in the class Ophioglossidae.
In the molecular phylogenetic classification of Smith et al. in 2006, Ophioglossales, in its present circumscription, was placed in the class Psilotopsida, along with the order Psilotales. The linear sequence of Christenhusz et al. (2011), intended for compatibility with the classification of Chase and Reveal (2009), which placed all land plants in Equisetopsida, made it a member of subclass Ophioglossidae, equivalent to Smith's Psilotopsida. This approach has subsequently been followed in the classifications of Christenhusz and Chase (2014) and PPG I (2016).
Older treatments recognized segregate families within the Ophioglossales, such as Botrychiaceae for the moonworts and grape ferns and Helminthostachyaceae for Helminthostachys, but modern treatments combine all members of the order into the single family Ophioglossaceae.
Subfamilies and genera
The number of genera into which the family is divided has varied. The Smith system of 2006 used four genera, treating Botrychium and Ophioglossum broadly. Cheiroglossa has been segregated from Ophioglossum, or included within it. The PPG I system of 2016 divides the family into four subfamilies:
Mankyuoideae J.R.Grant & B.Dauphin
Mankyua B.Y.Sun, M.H.Kim & C.H.Kim
Ophioglossoideae C.Presl (equivalent to Ophioglossum s.l. in other systems)
Cheiroglossa C.Presl
Ophioderma (Blume) Endl.
Ophioglossum L. [incl. Rhizoglossum Presl]
Helminthostachyoideae C.Presl
Helminthostachys Kaulf.
Botrychioideae C.Presl (equivalent to Botrychium s.l. in other systems)
Botrychium Sw.
Botrypus Michx.
Japanobotrychum Masam.
Sahashia Zhang & Zhang 2020
Sceptridium Lyon
References
C.Michael Hogan. 2010. Fern. Encyclopedia of Earth. National council for Science and the Environment. Washington, DC
Ophioglossaceae in Flora of North America (incl. Botrychiaceae)
Fern families
Gilde is a brand name used by the Norwegian meat processing company Nortura on its red meats; including beef, pork, lamb, veal, reindeer.
Until 2006 the brand was managed by the agricultural cooperative Gilde Norsk Kjøtt who then merged with Prior Norge to form Nortura. The brand was first used in Northern Norway by the local meat cooperatives in 1959, and became a national brand in 1964.
There is a full range of red meat products available under the Gilde brand, including
Biff (beef)
Pølser (wieners)
Edelgris (pork)
Birkebeiner (cured meats)
Go' og Mager (milk free and low fat meat)
Gourmet Lam (lamb meat from Hardangervidda)
Norsk Gourmet Kalv (veal)
Norsk Kjøttfe (beef from the breeds Charolais, Hereford, Simmental, Aberdeen Angus and Limousin)
Naturlig Godt økologisk (organic)
External links
www.gilde.no
Nortura, English homepage
Norwegian brands
Brand name meats
Schuld () is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, on the River Ahr.
In July 2021, the village was severely damaged by floods. Approximately 50 houses were damaged. The town had previously been devastated by another flash flood in 1910 in which 50 villagers perished.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Shiki Station is the name of two train stations in Japan:
Shiki Station (Osaka) (志紀駅)
Shiki Station (Saitama) (志木駅)
Luaib () is a district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Al Rayyan.
In the 2015 census, it was listed as a district of zone no. 54 which has a population of 24,593 and also includes Baaya, Muraikh, Mehairja, Fereej Al Soudan, and Fereej Al Amir.
It borders Muraikh to the west, Mehairja to the south, Fereej Al Amir to the east and Old Al Rayyan to the north.
Etymology
Luaib's name originates from the Arabic term "waab", referring to "a vast, open plain that accommodates many things". The plain, which is the defining feature of the area, is rich in plant life.
Education
The following schools are located in Luaib:
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
Maná is a rural barrio in the municipality of Corozal, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 2,093.
Features and demographics
Maná has of land area and no water area. In 2010, its population was 2,093 with a population density of .
Sectors
Barrios (which are like minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Maná barrio:
, and .
Features
PR-802 is the main east-west road through Maná.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Corozal, Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Corozal, Puerto Rico
Mamin may refer to
Mamin (name)
Mamin River in Saint Lucia
Anse Mamin, a small black sand beach in Saint Lucia
See also
Mamiña, a village in northern Chile
East Fulton Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County, Missouri, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 10,231.
History
The previously unified Fulton Township was founded as 'Elizabeth Township' May 14, 1821, only a few months after the initial creation of township districts in Callaway County, around the time of Missouri statehood. Its original name was due to the county seat being initially in a town called Elizabeth (not to be confused with nearby Saint Elizabeth in Miller County), about 6 miles southeast of Fulton, not far from the settlement of Hams Prairie. The county seat was soon moved to Fulton, instead, and the larger township district was renamed Fulton Township Feb 7, 1825. Its original boundaries were different from those of Fulton Township by the year 2000, before its division into West and then East Fulton -- the original boundaries stretched from an area a few miles north of Fulton to the Missouri River, and included what, around 1855, became Saint Aubert Township (including Mokane) and most of what became Caldwell Township in 1883. Then, over time, areas further north of Fulton, including the historic village of Callaway, were added to the unified, historical Fulton Township. Details of boundary changes can be found in the various official Callaway County Atlases, three of which are found in one volume and, individually, on the website of the State of Missouri Historical Society .
Geography
East Fulton Township covers an area of and contains the east portion of the city of Fulton (the county seat). It contains seven cemeteries: Dunlap, Guerrart, Hillcrest, Kibby, Muir, Southside and United Brethren.
The streams of Booth Branch, Cow Creek, Craghead Branch, Crows Fork Creek, Dunlap Creek, Rockhouse Creek, Smith Branch and Youngs Creek run through this township.
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Callaway County, Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
Mount Hook is a mountainous snow-covered projection from the east side of Saratoga Table, southeast of Sorna Bluff, in the Forrestal Range of the Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1979 after Lieutenant Commander Richard M. Hook of the U.S. Navy, who was a Medical Officer at South Pole Station in the winter of 1968.
References
Mountains of Queen Elizabeth Land
Pensacola Mountains
William Mudford (8 January 1782 – 10 March 1848) was a British writer, essayist, translator of literary works and journalist. He also wrote critical and philosophical essays and reviews. His 1829 novel The Five Nights of St. Albans: A Romance of the Sixteenth Century received a good review from John Gibson Lockhart, an achievement which was considered a rare distinction. Mudford also published short fictional stories which were featured in periodicals such as Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine, Fraser's Magazine, and Bentley's Miscellany. His short story "The Iron Shroud", about an iron torture chamber which shrinks through mechanical action and eventually crushes the victim inside, was first published in August 1830 by Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine, and later republished separately in 1839 and 1840 with the subtitle "Italian Revenge". Edgar Allan Poe is considered to have been influenced by "The Iron Shroud" when he wrote "The Pit and the Pendulum" having got his idea for the shrinking chamber from Mudford's story. Mudford was born in London, where his father made a living as a shopkeeper in Piccadilly. He was influenced by John Milton, Joseph Addison, Samuel Johnson, William Cowper, William Collins, Mark Akenside, Thomas Gray, and Oliver Goldsmith.
Life and work
Mudford was born in Half Moon Street, Piccadilly, London, on 8 January 1782. He exhibited an interest in political philosophy and attended lectures at the university of Edinburgh where he befriended John Black who, at the time, was also a student at the university. Later, Mudford published a series of letters exchanged with Black in William Cobbett's Political Register. The letters centred around a debate about classical education. In the exchanges, Mudford had argued against the merits of classical education, while Black supported the opposite side. In 1810 Mudford published a series of essays under the title The Contemplatist, which were originally published in instalments in a weekly periodical under the same title. He later joined the Morning Chronicle as a parliamentary reporter. Departing from the Chronicle he was employed first as assistant editor, and then as the editor of the Courier which at the time was an influential evening journal on par with the Times. After he came to a disagreement with the owners of the Courier over policy matters, Mudform resigned from the journal and issued a letter justifying his actions. His letter drew a lot of attention at the time. In the aftermath of his departure the Courier lost readership and eventually closed while attempts at inviting Mudford back at the journal proved unsuccessful.
Mudford has been described by Sir Walter Scott as an author who "loves to play at cherry-pit with Satan."; a Shakespearean expression used to indicate familiarity with the Devil. John H. Collins, analysing the influence of Mudford's work, comments that "the Shroud story is a first rate piece of writing comparable to the best half-dozen works by Poe" and that "it should not just be dismissed as a mere potboiler which the genius of Poe transformed." He goes on to mention that he thinks many readers mistakenly think that the "Iron Shroud" is one of Poe's works thus further strengthening Poe's reputation by attributing to him a story that he actually plagiarised. In the Dictionary of Literary Biography Mudford's writing is described as vigorous while as a writer he is called a master at creating atmosphere. In the same source, his stories are analysed as lacking the subtlety and psychological depth found in the writings of Edgar Allan Poe but they are described as amusing and entertaining.
In 1803 Mudford published his first novel, Augustus and Mary also known as The Maid of Buttermere: A Domestic Tale. Following that, Mudford made a living occupied by more mundane work such as translating foreign works and editing essays and other literary works. He also wrote his second novel Nubilia in Search of a Husband which was his response to the popular Coelebs in Search of a Wife by Hannah More and was clearly aimed at capitalising on the market success of the novel by More.
As a young man Mudford showed his ambition by contacting influential and powerful men. When only seventeen, Mudford approached the producer of the Covent Garden Theatre John Philip Kemble, with the suggestion of issuing a pamphlet in his honour. Years later this was followed by a proposal for a theatrical play which was rejected by Kemble. The play itself was subsequently lost. Mudford, at 18, followed the Duke of Kent to Gibraltar as his assistant secretary. Mudford was a Tory and a supporter of the foreign minister of the era George Canning. Mudford was also a close friend and supporter of Samuel Taylor.
At the age of forty he lost a lot of money in speculative ventures in the stock market and had to start again financially. He worked very hard and accepted an offer from the conservative party in East Kent to become the editor of the Kentish Observer. He finally settled in Canterbury and eventually became the owner of the Kentish Observer. He contributed regularly to Blackwood's Magazine and sometimes he wrote a story, a review, and a political paper in the same issue. His series of First and Last stories were very popular as were his contributions under the nickname of The Silent Member. In 1841 Mudford moved back to London where he succeeded Theodore Hook as editor of the John Bull magazine all the while maintaining his connection with the Kentish Observer. During this period his health started declining but he still kept a busy work schedule. In 1848 he wrote his last article on the topic of the French revolution which appeared in the John Bull on 5 March of the same year.
Mudford while employed at the Morning Chronicle met William Hazlitt who was also working as a journalist there. A rivalry developed between the two and Hazlitt became one of Mudford's detractors. In Hazlitt's essay in Table-Talk published in 1821 under the title Coffee-House Politicians, Roger Kirkpatrick, one of Hazlitt's friends, is described as a Mudford impersonator. In the essay Mudford was described by Hazlitt as a Contemplative Man who wrote an answer to Coelebs. Hazlitt then goes on to describe him as a man made of fleecy hosiery and fat, pert, and dull as it was possible to be. Hazlitt thought that Mudford was a political hack-type journalist and a government tool and he often criticised and ridiculed him.
Charles Dickens used a parody of Mudford's name when he wrote the Mudfog Sketches, creating the town of Mudfog as a parody of Chatham.
Mudford was also a founder member of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and was among those who voted to create the organisation on 16 June 1824 at Old Slaughter's Coffee House, London.
Mudford died at 5 Harrington Square, Hampstead Road, on 10 March 1848, leaving a widow and eight
children. His second son, William Heseltine Mudford, became the editor of the Standard in 1894. In Mudford's obituary, appearing in the June 1848 issue of Gentleman's Magazine, his abilities as the editor of the Courier were praised. The entry on Mudford for the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography appeared in 2004, written by David Finkelstein .
Selected works
A Critical Examination of the Writings of Richard Cumberland, Sherwood Pub., Neely, and Jones, 1812
A critical enquiry (1802), Garland Pub., 1974
The life of Richard Cumberland, esq., Sherwood, Neely and Jones Pub., 1812
A critical enquiry into the writings of Samuel Johnson in which it is shewn that the pictures of life contained in the Rambler, and other publications of that celebrated writer have a dangerous tendency. M. Jones, 1803
Sudario de Hierro y Otros Cuentos Goticos by James Hogg, John Howison, William Mudford, Celeste Pub., July 1999 Paperback
The Iron Shroud, Viking Press, June 1973 Hardcover
The Five Nights of St. Albans, James Blackwood & Co Pub., June 1929 Textbook Binding
Nubilia in search of a husband, printed for J. Ridgeway, Piccadilly; and Sherwood, Neely, and Jones, 1809
Nubilia in search of a husband, Bradford & Inskeep, T. & G. Palmer Pub., 1809 [microform]
An historical account of the campaign in the Netherlands in 1815, under His Grace the Duke of Wellington, and Marshal Prince Blücher, printed for Henry Colburn, 1817
The Contemplatist: a series of essays upon morals and literature Sherwood Pub., 1810, 336 p.
Stephen Dugard, a novel, London: Richard Bentley, 3 volumes, 1840.
References
External links
Works by William Mudford at The Open Library
Mudfog and Other Sketches by Charles Dickens from Project Gutenberg
British male journalists
British writers
British essayists
1782 births
1848 deaths
British male essayists
Tatun Volcanoes (), a group of volcanoes located in northern Taiwan, is located 15 km north of Taipei, and lies to the west of Keelung. It just adjoins the northern coast of the Taiwan island. The volcano group was a result of episodic volcanism between 2.8 and 0.2 Ma. As of 2005, some geothermal activity was occurring and gas fumaroles were active among these volcanoes. Observations on Tatun Volcano Group suggest that magma chambers probably still exist under the land surface of northern Taiwan.
History
The north of the island is where evidence of volcanic activity is most obvious. In the early 20th century, the North Range of hills, also called Daitonzan from Japanese or Twa-tun from Hokkien, was recognized as having an abundance of sulfur deposits. There were three craters in the North Range between Tamsui and Kimpauli (approx. modern-day Jinshan). The North hill crater, over in diameter and about deep, was the most extensive and was sometimes filled with water.
See also
Qixing Mountain (Taipei)
Yangmingshan National Park
References
Volcanoes of Taiwan
Volcanic groups
Landforms of Taipei
"Brute" is a song by industrial rock group KMFDM that was first released on their 1995 album Nihil. It was also released as a single with the song "Revolution" as B-side.
Track listing
1995 release
The 12" release contains the same tracks but in a different order.
2009 7" reissue
Track 1 is a shorter mix of the Original Album-Mix which does not contain the noise heard at the end of the song. This noise served as a transition to the next song, "Trust".
2014 12" release
1995 singles
KMFDM songs
TVT Records singles
1995 songs
Wax Trax! Records singles
Songs written by Sascha Konietzko
Songs written by Pig (musical project)
Songs written by Günter Schulz
Songs written by En Esch
Oltra is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
José Luis Oltra (born 1969), Spanish footballer
Manuel Oltra (1922–2015), Spanish composer
María Oltra (born 1963), Spanish politician
Mònica Oltra (born 1969), Spanish politician
Silvio Oltra (1958–1995), Argentine racing driver
"Who Needs Love" is a song by American rapper Trippie Redd from his fourth mixtape A Love Letter to You 4 (2019). It is the third single from the mixtape, released on November 19, 2019. The song was produced by Angel Lopez.
Composition
On the track, Trippie Redd sings over a looped acoustic guitar instrumental about his aversion towards love, and that he is "living his best life post-breakup". He likely disses his ex-girlfriend, American rapper Coi Leray.
Charts
Certifications
References
Trippie Redd songs
Songs written by Trippie Redd
2019 songs
2019 singles
The Government Unani and Ayurvedic Medical College and Hospital is a graduate, non-profit medical college, and associated hospital, located in Dhaka, Bangladesh. It was established on 10 March 1989.
There are two courses BUMS (Bachelor of Unani Medicine & Surgery) and BAMS (Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine & Surgery) 5 years with 1-year internship are affiliated by pharmacy faculty of Dhaka University.
The college has its own anatomy museum, physiology & pathology practical lab, Unani Adviyah museum with air-conditioned, Ayurvedic Drobyaguna museum with air-conditioned, garden of three herbal medicinal plants, air-conditioned library & projector room, computer lab with internet connection, college student council, internee doctors' association (IDA), college central mosque, general hospital including 150 beds, drug production house. Two college halls for boys & girls, a teacher's quarters & a staff quarters, etc.
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20120327160455/http://nasmis.dghs.gov.bd/inst_info/show_details.php?%20id=51
https://web.archive.org/web/20110907080108/http://www.cmedhaka.gov.bd/
Unani medicine organisations
Ayurvedic colleges
Medical colleges in Bangladesh
Universities and colleges in Dhaka
Hospitals in Dhaka
Educational institutions established in 1989
1989 establishments in Bangladesh
Peter John Duncan (born 10 July 1965) is a Scottish Conservative Party politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Galloway and Upper Nithsdale from 2001 to 2005.
Early life
Born in Ayrshire, Duncan attended the Ardrossan Academy in Ardrossan, North Ayrshire and was educated at the University of Birmingham where he obtained a BCom in 1985. He later worked as a business and communications consultant for Mackays Stores Ltd from 1985 to 1988 in addition to running the family textile business - John Duncan & Son from 1988 to 2000. In September 1997, he appeared as a member of the audience during a Scottish Television debate about the devolution referendum, and spoke opposing the establishment of a Scottish Parliament. Duncan later stood for election to the very parliament he initially opposed.
Parliamentary career
He was elected to the House of Commons at the 2001 general election, taking the Galloway and Upper Nithsdale seat from the Scottish National Party. This made him the sole Conservative MP for the whole of Scotland and the first Conservative MP from Scotland since 1997. In November 2003 he was appointed Shadow Secretary of State for Scotland by new party leader, Michael Howard and he was later named as Chairman of the Scottish Conservative Party.
His constituency was abolished for the 2005 general election and replaced by Dumfries and Galloway. However he failed to win the seat, losing to Labour's Russell Brown.
In the 2007 local elections, the first to take place under the Single Transferable Vote system, he was one of several new Conservative councillors elected to Dumfries and Galloway council.
He stood as the Conservative candidate for the Dumfries and Galloway seat at the 2010 general election. He was defeated by the incumbent Russell Brown again, with a -3.7% swing against. The following year he stood as the Conservative candidate for Midlothian South, Tweeddale and Lauderdale at the Scottish Parliament election, where he came in fourth place.
Personal life
He married Lorna Anne and they have a son and daughter and, as of 2007, now lives in Dalbeattie in Dumfries and Galloway.
External links
Official Website
Peter Duncan - Scottish Conservatives website biography
BBC Profile 2001
1965 births
Living people
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Scottish constituencies
UK MPs 2001–2005
Scottish Conservative Party councillors
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
People from Saltcoats
Scottish Conservative Party MPs
People educated at Ardrossan Academy
International Scuba Diving Training Centre is in Tarkarli, a village in Maharashtra . The state government in collaboration with Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation has set up the International Scuba Diving Training Centre to train lifeguards. These trained lifeguards are allocated to the beaches along the coast. International instructors teach the lifeguards. IISDA (Indian Institute of Scuba Diving and Aquatic Sports) has been selected for this initiative.
References
Sindhudurg district
Tourist attractions in Sindhudurg district
Hornbach Abbey () is a former monastery founded around 741 in the historic town of Gamundias (today Hornbach) by Saint Pirmin, which soon became a Benedictine abbey. The most important neighbouring abbeys were Bausendorf, Saint-Avold, Glandern, Villers-Bettnach, Fraulautern, Mettlach, Tholey, and the stift of St. Arnual. The neighboring spiritual centers were Trier and Metz. At present, all that remains of Hornbach Abbey are the structural remains of the convent buildings, which have been supplemented by a monastery museum, and a modern chapel with the historical tomb of the monastery's founder.
History
The village Gamundias had a Celtic and later a Roman settlement, each with a mountain sanctuary on the site on which the monastery would be built later; Roman coin finds prove Roman settlement from 496 AD.
Hornbach Abbey was part of the diocese of Metz. After the foundation of Murbach Abbey in 727 by Count Eberhard (Etichonids), Pirmin came to Gamundias around 740/741. There Count Warnharius (Widonids, ancestors of the Salians) donated the construction of a Benedictine monastery; Sigibald († 741), Bishop of Metz signed the deed of foundation and confirmed the monastery. As a monastery owned by the Salians, Hornbach Abbey enjoyed extensive privileges. After his death in 753, Saint Pirmin was buried in the monastery. With the emergence of his cult of veneration, its importance increased, as can be seen from several rebuildings and extensions, as well as from numerous documents that mention a tax payment to the monastery. The saint's tomb was moved to the eastern apse; from 827 Pirmin was named – along with Peter – as the patron saint of Hornbach Abbey. Around 850 the monastery was in charge of Zell Abbey near Worms, in the vicinity of which it also owned several churches and estates. In 1087, Emperor Henry IV gave Hornbach Abbey to the bishop of Speyer, Rüdiger Huzmann. In the 11th century, a monumental pillar basilica measuring 72 meters in length was built, which, in addition to the two apses, had five towers and a west building. Emperor Henry V granted the monastery the right to mint coins, which was exercised until about 1230. In the 12th century the building was renovated. The monastery gave important impulses for the development in Upper Lorraine, which is documented in numerous village and estate foundings by the monks. When it came under the influence of the County of Zweibrücken, its decline began.
In 1548 only three monks lived here and in 1557 – during the Reformation – Hornbach Abbey was finally abolished. The monastery assets, the current income and the monastery buildings were used to establish a state school, which was responsible for the education of new generations of pastors and higher civil servants needed in Palatinate-Zweibrücken, or to prepare them for university studies. In 1631 the school was moved to Zweibrücken. Afterwards the unused building fell into disrepair. Wars also led to further destruction; in the Franco-Dutch War, for example, French troops slighted the crossing tower of the basilica.
The Solothurn Central Library houses the so-called Hornbach Sacramentary, a codex of the 10th century, made by the Hornbach scribe monk Eburnant on behalf of his abbot Adalbert (approx. 970 to 990). Another precious manuscript preserved in Hornbach during the Middle Ages is the Codex Laudianus, a bilingual codex from around 600, which contains the Acts of the Apostles in Greek and Latin. It probably came to the continent with the British missionaries in the 8th century and came into the possession of William Laud ("Laudian Acts", today Oxford, Bodleian Library, Msc. Laud. Gr. 35) at the time of the Thirty Years' War.
Present-day significance
Since 2000 the majority of the preserved monastery remains have been integrated into a hotel complex, and a monastery museum Historama Kloster Hornbach was established in the basement of the building to convey the history of the monastery.
The relics of Saint Pirmin were brought to Speyer in 1558 by the last abbot of Hornbach, Count Anton von Salm. From there they were brought to Innsbruck in 1575 by the former president of the Reichskammergericht (Imperial Chamber Court) and now governor of Tyrol, Count Schweikhard von Helfenstein. Today they are still kept there, in a modern shrine of the Innsbruck Jesuit Church. After the rediscovery of the Hornbach original tomb on the former abbey grounds in 1953, some of the bones were returned from there. Today they are kept in Hornbach, Speyer and Pirmasens. The Evangelical Church of the Palatinate, which owns the former abbey district, had a chapel built over the historic tomb in 1957, and it is now once again a place of pilgrimage.
To the empty tomb some steps lead down, ending in front of a contoured sandstone frame at the foot of the tomb niche. It is a window opening through which the pilgrims could touch the shrine of the saint. The tomb is considered the oldest known testimony of ecclesiastical architecture in the Palatinate.
References
Bibliography
Richard Antoni (2002), Leben und Taten des Bischofs Pirmin, Die karolingische Vita (Reichenauer Texte und Bilder, 9), ed. Walter Berschin, Stuttgart: Mattes-Verlag.
Stefan Flesch (1991), Die monastische Schriftkultur der Saargegend im Mittelalter (Veröffentlichungen der Kommission für Saarländische Landesgeschichte und Volksforschung 20), Saarbrücken: Saarbrücker Drucker und Verleger. online
Pia Heberer (2010), Das Kloster Hornbach in der Pfalz. Baugeschichte und Sakraltopographie, Mainz: Generaldirektion Kulturelles Erbe Rheinland-Pfalz|Generaldirektion Kulturelles Erbe – Rheinland-Pfalz, .
Franz Xaver Remling (1836), Urkundliche Geschichte der ehemaligen Abteien und Klöster im jetzigen Rheinbayern, Neustadt an der Haardt: Theil-Verlag, p. 53–87.
External links
Website of the Protestant parish of Hornbach, on the history of the monastery (with photos of the tomb of Saint Pirmin)
Website of the municipality of Hornbach on the history of the monastery
Benedictine monasteries in Germany
Buildings and structures in Südwestpfalz
Catholic pilgrimage sites
Christian monasteries established in the 8th century
Christianity in Rhineland-Palatinate
Church ruins in Germany
Former Christian monasteries in Germany
Heritage sites in Rhineland-Palatinate
Monasteries in Rhineland-Palatinate
Museums in Rhineland-Palatinate
Religious museums in Germany
Roman Catholic churches in Rhineland-Palatinate
Isomäki Areena (also known as West Areena for sponsorship reasons) is an ice hockey arena located in Pori, Finland. The arena is used by Porin Ässät and Karhu HT. The arena was opened in 1971 and the capacity for hockey games is 6 350.
History
Artificial ice rink
The Isomäen tekojäärata (Isomäki artificial ice rink) was originally built as an artificial ice rink in 1964 and replaced the natural ice of Juhannuslehto in the Herralahti district. The following year, the B-series matches of the World Hockey Championships in Finland were played on this rink.
New arena
The artificial ice was transformed into an arena in 1971 after the first Ässät won the championship for the first time. The arena had a capacity of about 8,000 spectators. There were no seats at all in the arena, and the ice was surrounded on three sides by a partly wooden standing auditorium. The arena was improved during the 1970s and, for example, the first seats were built for about 500 people at the end of the decade. At the same time, the arena got its first decent changing rooms. In the past, the teams had had to change their equipment in the Pori Stadium a couple of hundred meters away, and walk from there to the arena. The standing auditorium was also expanded on top of the changing rooms. In the spring of 1978, an all-time record was seen in Isomäki, when the decisive final match of the Finnish Championship League between Ässät and Tappara was crowded to be watched by an estimated 13,000 people. The official audience for the match was reported to be 9,364.
Renovations
The arena underwent its first major renovation in 1986–1987. thermal insulation and heating were installed into the arena, and the seating area was expanded. With the new east-facing seating area, the audience capacity of the Porin jäähalli was reduced to 7,500 spectators. A second renovation was made in 1993 when the seating area was expanded. The standing auditorium at the west end was replaced with seats in 1996. The arena underwent a third major renovation in 1998. Additional seats were built and the wooden standing auditorium was replaced with a new concrete structure. At the same time, a second floor was built in the arena, which included new restaurant, sales and sanitary facilities, as well as modern benches. Ticket sales were also transferred from the ticket offices outside to the interior. Capacity decreased in the 1990s by about a thousand spectators when standing auditoriums were replaced by seats, and for the first time in 1998-1999 there were more seats than standing auditoriums. The renovated hall had only 2,500 standing auditoriums. There were seats for 4,400 people. In 2010, a modern scoreboard showing a video was installed in the arena.
After the 2014-15 renovations
The most recent major renovation took place in 2014–2015, when the locker room facilities in the arena were upgraded and a new three-storey extension was built at the end of the arena. Restaurant facilities were also improved and expanded. In connection with the renovation, the technologies of the entire arena were also renewed. At the same time, the capacity of the standing auditorium was reduced to about 2,200 spectators. In connection with the reform, Länsi-Suomen Osuuspankki became the main partner of Ässät. It renamed the Porin jäähalli "Isomäki Arena". The arena can accommodate 6,350 people after the latest renovation.
Renaming of the arena 2022
In 2022, when the club ran into financial difficulties, the City of Pori bought the shares of Kiinteistö Oy Porin Jäähalli owned by HC Ässät Pori Oy, after which the city owns the arena alone. The name sponsor of the arena expired in 2022 and the naming rights were given to the advertising agency West Creative Oy. The arena will be known as "West Areena" during the 2022-23 season.
Retired jerseys
Ässät
2: Antti Heikkilä
4: Arto Javanainen
11: Raimo Kilpiö
12: Tapio Levo
13: Veli-Pekka ketola
89: Jaroslav Otevrel
Karhut
13: Lasse Heikkilä
RU-38
11: Raimo Kilpiö
References
Sources
Notes
Ässät
Buildings and structures in Pori
Ice hockey venues in Finland
Indoor ice hockey venues in Finland
Glyphipterix brachydelta is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1916. It is found in New Zealand.
References
Moths described in 1916
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of New Zealand
Endemic fauna of New Zealand
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Baguley tram stop is a tram stop on the Airport Line, built for phase 3B of the Manchester Metrolink to Manchester Airport. It opened on 3 November 2014 and is on Southmoor Road next to Roundthorn Industrial Estate and a Tesco supermarket.
It is proposed to link with a proposed station in a future Northern line from Altrincham to Stockport.
Services
Metrolink
Trams run every 12 minutes north to Victoria and south to Manchester Airport. Between 03:00 and 06:00, a service operates between Deansgate-Castlefield and Manchester Airport every 20 minutes.
Metrolink ticket zones
Baguley is located in Metrolink ticket zone 3.
Proposed Rail services
Trains are scheduled to run along the Stockport-Altrincham line between Manchester Piccadilly station and Chester, where trains currently run every hour in the off-peak period. However, additional trains are proposed between Greenbank and Stockport which could give Baguley 4 trains per hour.
References
External links
Metrolink stop information
Baguley area map
Light Rail Transit Association
Airport route map
Tram stops in Manchester
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 2014
2014 establishments in England
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1536.
Events
unknown dates
Petar Zoranić writes the first Croatian novel, the pastoral-allegorical Planine ("Mountains"); it is first published posthumously in Venice in 1569.
The first Helvetic Confession is drawn up, in Latin, by Heinrich Bullinger and Leo Jud of Zürich, Kaspar Megander of Bern, Oswald Myconius and Simon Grynaeus of Basel, Martin Bucer and Wolfgang Capito of Strasbourg, with other representatives from Schaffhausen, St Gall, Mülhausen and Biel.
New books
John Calvin – Institutes of the Christian Religion (in Latin)
Sir Thomas Elyot – The Castel of Helth
Wessel Gansfort – Sum of Christianity (English translation)
Paracelsus – Die große Wundarzney
Poetry
Aonio Paleario – De immortalitate animarum
Births
May 13 – Jacobus Pamelius, Flemish theologian (died 1587)
Deaths
March 1 – Bernardo Accolti, Italian poet
c. July – John Rastell, English printer and author (born c. 1475)
July 12 – Erasmus, Dutch-born Renaissance humanist scholar (born 1466)
September 25 – Johannes Secundus, Dutch poet writing in Latin (born 1511)
October 14 – Garcilaso de la Vega, Spanish soldier and poet (born c.1501)
date unknown – Merten de Keyser, French printer and publisher working in Antwerp
References
1536
1536 books
Renaissance literature
Early Modern literature
Years of the 16th century in literature
KKDC (93.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Dolores, Colorado. Currently, the station carries an album-oriented rock (AOR) format and is owned by Four Corners Broadcasting LLC.
Programming
Aside from rock music, the station carries local Dolores High School football from September through November and basketball from January through March.
References
External links
KDC
Radio stations established in 2003
Album-oriented rock radio stations in the United States
2003 establishments in Colorado
Francis "Frank" J. Doyle III is the dean of the Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences and the John A. and Elizabeth S. Armstrong Professor of Engineering and Applied Sciences. He is also affiliated with the Division of Sleep Medicine of Harvard Medical School.
In 2021, Doyle was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering for insights into natural biological control systems and innovative engineering of diabetes control devices.
Biography
Doyle completed his undergraduate studies at Princeton University in 1985, receiving a B.S.E. in chemical engineering. He received a M.S. (C.P.G.S.) in chemical engineering from Cambridge University in 1986, and Ph.D. in chemical engineering from the California Institute of Technology in 1991.
Doyle joined Harvard in 2015, becoming the first John A. Paulson Dean. A distinguished scholar in chemical engineering, he previously served as Associate Dean for Research at the University of California, Santa Barbara's College of Engineering, where he also served as chair of the Department of Chemical Engineering. At UCSB he was a founding co-Director of the UCSB-MIT-Caltech Institute of Collaborative Biotechnologies.
Prior to his appointment at UCSB, Doyle was a professor in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Delaware (1997-2002), and was a professor in the School of Chemical Engineering at Purdue University (1992-1997). Between his graduate studies and his first academic appointment, he did postdoctoral studies at the DuPont Company.
Research
As a scholar, Doyle applies systems engineering principles to the analysis of regulatory mechanisms in biological systems. His work includes the design of drug-delivery devices for diabetes (i.e., the artificial pancreas); modeling, analysis, and control of gene regulatory networks underlying circadian rhythms; and computational analysis for developing diagnostics for post-traumatic stress disorder. Doyle also applies control schemes to nonlinear, multivariable, constrained industrial processes such as particulate systems and pulp and paper operations, and works on control aspects of sheet/film processes.
Honors and recognition
Doyle has received a number of honors throughout his career, including:
National Academy of Engineering (NAE) Member, 2021
National Academy of Medicine (NAM) Member, 2016
AACC Control Engineering Practice Award, 2015
American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) Fellow, 2011
American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering Fellow, 2009
International Federation of Automatic Control Fellow, 2009
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Fellow, 2008
Computing in Chemical Engineering Award (AIChE CAST Division), 2005
Alexander von Humboldt Research Fellow, 2001-2002
ASEE Ray Fahien Award, 2000
Office of Naval Research Young Investigator Award, 1996-1999
ASEE Section Outstanding Teacher Award (Illinois/Indiana), 1996
National Science Foundation National Young Investigator Award, 1992-1997
He has also held leadership positions in professional societies including the IEEE (as President of the Control Systems Society) and as Vice President of the International Federation for Automatic Control (IFAC), among others.
Personal
Frank is married to Diana Rodriguez, and they have 3 children. In his free time, Frank enjoys racing sailboats, and has competed in a number of regattas during and since college, including the 2011 Transpac Race. His other hobby is refereeing soccer, and he is currently certified in several organizations including AYSO (National Referee), U.S Soccer (Grade 7 Referee), and NISOA.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences faculty
American chemical engineers
Princeton University School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
California Institute of Technology alumni
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Humboldt Research Award recipients
University of California, Santa Barbara faculty
University of Delaware faculty
Purdue University faculty
Fellows of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering
DuPont people
Fellows of the International Federation of Automatic Control
The Pinnacle, formerly known as Pinnacle at Tutwiler Farm, is a , , $100 million lifestyle center located in Trussville, Alabama, which opened on October 11, 2006. The center was developed by Colonial Properties on land previously distinguished by a rocky hillside. Nearby is the Colonial Promenade at Tutwiler Farm, which was also developed by Colonial Properties.
Anchor tenants include At Home, Belk and JCPenney (who relocated their existing stores from Century Plaza). Other tenants include Best Buy, Ann Taylor LOFT, Chico's, Buckle, American Eagle Outfitters, JoS. A. Bank, The Children's Place, Justice, Portrait Innovations, Learning Express, New Balance, Kay Jewelers, and New York & Company. Local retailers include A Rabbit's Tale, Bama Fever/Tiger Pride, and Accessory Heaven. Outparcel restaurants include Logan's Roadhouse, Cajun Steamer, and Red Robin Gourmet Burgers.
A Circuit City once stood as an outparcel of the center, but it closed in 2008. The building was demolished and a new Olive Garden and Red Lobster were opened in mid-2011.
Belk operates one store which is located in the former Parisian. The original Belk became At Home which opened June 21, 2017.
A Courtyard by Marriott hotel is also in the complex.
The mall was sold to Pinnacle Retail in 2021.
References
Shopping malls in the Birmingham, Alabama metro area
Shopping malls established in 2006
Buildings and structures in Jefferson County, Alabama
Tourist attractions in Jefferson County, Alabama
Laf Pak is an Apple II video game developed by Chuck Bueche in aqnd published by Sierra On-Line in 1982. Laf Pak is a compilation of four action games: Creepy Corridors, Mine Sweep, Apple Zap, and Space Race.
Gameplay
Reception
David H. Ahl for Creative Computing said "All in all, Laf Pak offers a lot of game playing value per dollar, and you are almost sure to find one or more of the games on this disk to your liking."
Softalk said "Four different games, most with recognizable keyboard controls, and each with its own challenges. What to do with all the money you save? Invest in a set of paddles or a joystick if you don't already have one."
Ferrell Wheeler for Hardcore Computist said "Laf Pak is a collection of four small but very enjoyable and playable games."
References
1982 video games
Apple II games
Apple II-only games
Sierra Entertainment games
Video game compilations
Video games developed in the United States
One Down is a 1982 album by the New York based no wave music group Material, produced by Material, recorded by indie producer/engineer Martin Bisi in Brooklyn and musician/engineer Robert Musso in Manhattan. The album sees the band reduced to a duo of keyboardist Michael Beinhorn and bassist Bill Laswell, collaborating with different musicians and singers on each track. Whitney Houston made her recording debut as a lead vocalist on this album, for a version of the song "Memories".
Song background
"Let Me Have It All" is a cover from Sly and the Family Stone's 1973 album Fresh.
"Memories" featured vocals by Whitney Houston accompanied by Archie Shepp on tenor saxophone. The track marks Houston's first appearance on record as a lead vocalist on an album, prior to her own albums and she would perform it at select dates during her first major tour in 1986, The Greatest Love World Tour. The song was written by Hugh Hopper and originally recorded by The Wilde Flowers with vocals by Robert Wyatt.
A dance mix by John Luongo of "I'm the One"/"Don't Lose Control" was released as a 12" single in 1982 (Celluloid/Elektra, 0-67970). Mixes of "Time Out" was released as a 12" single in 1983 (Elektra, 0-67916).
Track listing
"Take a Chance" (Bill Laswell, Michael Beinhorn) – 4:31
"I'm the One" (Laswell, Beinhorn, R. Bernard Fowler) – 5:25
"Time Out" (Laswell, Thi-Linh Le, Beinhorn) – 4:52
"Let Me Have It All" (Sly Stewart) – 5:23
"Come Down" (Laswell, Beinhorn, Fowler) – 4:43
"Holding On" (Laswell, Beinhorn, Brian Eno) – 4:40
"Memories" (Hugh Hopper) – 3:58
"Don't Lose Control" (Laswell, Beinhorn) – 4:18
CD bonus track
"Bustin' Out" (Laswell, Beinhorn, Fred Maher) – 8:03
Personnel
Material
Michael Beinhorn – Prophet-5, Oberheim OB-Xa, Oberheim DMX sequencer, Roland TR-808 drum machine, Roland VP330 vocoder, tapes, percussion
Bill Laswell – Music Man Sting Ray bass, Fender Precision bass, effects
vocalists
Nona Hendryx – vocals ("Take a Chance", "Let Me Have It All", "Bustin' Out")
B.J. Nelson – vocals ("Take a Chance", "Let Me Have It All", "Holding On")
R. Bernard Fowler – vocals ("I'm the One", "Come Down")
Thi-Linh Le – voice ("Time Out")
Noris Night – voice ("Let Me Have It All")
Whitney Houston – vocals ("Memories")
Jean Karakos – voice ("Don't Lose Control")
musicians
Nile Rodgers – guitar ("I'm the One", "Come Down")
Fred Frith – guitar ("Time Out")
Nicky Skopelitis – guitar ("Take a Chance", "Holding On")
Ronnie Drayton – guitar ("Let Me Have It All", "Holding On", "Bustin' Out")
J.T. Lewis – drums ("Take a Chance", "Time Out", "Holding On")
Yogi Horton – drums ("Let Me Have It All", "Memories")
Tony Thompson – drums ("I'm the One", "Come Down", "Don't Lose Control")
Fred Maher – drums ("Bustin' Out")
Nicky Marrero – percussion ("Take a Chance", "Time Out", "Holding On")
Daniel Ponce – bongos ("I'm the One", "Don't Lose Control")
Oliver Lake – tenor and alto saxophone ("Come Down")
Archie Shepp – tenor saxophone ("Memories")
Raymond Jones – Yamaha CP-70B electric grand piano ("Memories")
Production
Produced by Material
Recorded at O.A.O Studio (Brooklyn, New York) by Martin Bisi and at RPM Sound Studio (Manhattan, New York) by Robert Musso
Release history
1982 – Celluloid / Vogue (Fr.), CEL 541003 (LP)
1982 – Elektra (USA), 60206 (LP)
1982 – Celluloid, CELCD 5504 (CD)
1983 – CBS / Sony (Jp.), 25 AP 2754 (LP)
1992 – Metronome / Restless, 7 72654-2 (CD)
1992 – Demon / MauMau, MauCD 624 (CD)
1992 – Jimco, Jp., JICK 89047 (CD)
1997 – Movie Play Gold, MPG 74047 (CD)
2005 – Golden Stars, GSS 5406 (CD, Portugal, retitled CD 1)
References
1982 albums
Material (band) albums
Elektra Records albums
Celluloid Records albums
Albums produced by Michael Beinhorn
The Santa Ana Handicap is a Thoroughbred horse race run at annually Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California during the third week of March. The race is open to fillies and mares, age four and up, willing to race one and one-eighth miles on the turf.
A Grade II event, it currently offers a purse of $200,000.
In 1973 the race was run in two divisions. In 1981, 1982, 1983 and 1986, it was raced on dirt.
Records
Speed record: (on turf)
1:46.21 – Citronnade (2007)
Most wins:
No horse has won this race more than once.
Most wins by an owner:
3 – Juddmonte Farms (1995, 2000, 2008)
Most wins by a jockey:
4 – Bill Shoemaker (1972, 1974, 1984, 1987)
4 – Kent Desormeaux (1991, 1994, 1998, 1999)
Most wins by a trainer:
8 – Robert J. Frankel (1992, 1994, 1995, 1999, 2000, 2005, 2007, 2008)
Winners of the Santa Ana Handicap since 1968
In 1988, Fitzwilliam Place finished first but was disqualified and set back to second.
In 1991 there was a Dead heat for win.
In 2004, Megahertz finished first but was disqualified and set back to last.
References
The 2008 Santa Ana Handicap at the NTRA
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Flat horse races for four-year-old fillies
Mile category horse races for fillies and mares
Turf races in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 1968
1968 establishments in California
Christ Church is an Anglican cathedral in Stone Town, Zanzibar, Tanzania. It belongs to the Anglican Church of Tanzania. It is a landmark historical church, as well as one of the most prominent examples of early Christian architecture in East Africa.
It was built in seven years, the foundation stone being laid on Christmas Day 1873 until the opening on Christmas 1879, based on a vision of Edward Steere, third Anglican bishop of Zanzibar, who actively contributed to the design. As most buildings in Stone Town, it is made mostly of coral stone. It has a unique concrete roof shaped in an unusual barrel vault (that was Steere's idea) and the overall structure mixes Perpendicular Gothic and Islamic details. The cathedral was consecrated in 1903 and named after Canterbury Cathedral.
The church is located in Mkunazini Road, in the centre of the old town, and occupies a large area where the biggest slave market of Zanzibar used to be; the construction of the cathedral was in fact intended to celebrate the end of slavery. The altar is said to be in the exact place where the main "whipping post" of the market used to be. In the square there is a well-known monument to the slaves (a few human figures in chains emerging from a pit) as well as a museum on slavery.
Edward Steere died of a heart attack when the cathedral was almost completed, and was buried behind the altar. Inside the church there is a cross that was made from the wood of the tree that grows on the place where David Livingstone's heart was buried, in Chitambo.
As many other historical coral-stone buildings in Stone Town, the Cathedral experiences decay and structural problems and needs restoring.
The cathedral is linked with Ely Cathedral, in the diocese of Ely, Cambridgeshire, UK.
Notes
External links
Information on the restoration of the cathedral in 2014–15
Anglican cathedrals in Tanzania
Religious buildings and structures in Zanzibar
Churches completed in 1879
Rotis is a typeface developed in 1988 by Otl Aicher, a German graphic designer and typographer. In Rotis, Aicher explores an attempt at maximum legibility through a highly unified yet varied typeface family that ranges from full serif, glyphic, and sans-serif. The four basic Rotis variants are:
Rotis serif (antiqua) — with full serifs
Rotis semi-serif (semi-antiqua) — with hinted serifs
Rotis semi-sans (semi-grotesque) — with zero serifs but with stroke width variation
Rotis sans (lineale humanist sans-serif) — with zero serifs and with minimal variation on stroke width
Monotype Originals Rotis versions
When the Rotis fonts were reissued under the Monotype Originals label, the fonts support include support of ISO Adobe 2 character set, OpenType features. The Rotis font names are capitalized.
Rotis Serif
It includes 55 Roman, 56 Italic, 65 Bold fonts.
Rotis Semi Sans
It includes 45 Light, 46 Light Italic, 55 Roman, 56 Italic, 65 Bold, 75 Extra Bold fonts.
Rotis Pro
It includes support of ISO Adobe 2, Adobe CE, Latin Extended characters. In addition, separate fonts for Greek and Cyrillic characters were also created. Greek and Cyrillic fonts support ISO Adobe 2 and Latin Extended characters, and support super/sub-script OpenType feature.
Rotis II Sans (2011)
It is a version of Rotis Sans designed by Monotype Imaging senior designer Robin Nicholas, and freelance designer Alice Savoie. It expands the original with extra three font weights (Light, Semi Bold, and Black) and italics, along with revised letter spacing and kerning, a new set of numerals with similar height to the capitals.
The family includes 14 fonts in seven weights, with complementary italics. OpenType features include access all alternates, case-sensitive forms, numerators/denominators, fractions, standard ligatures, localized forms (OpenType Pro fonts only), proportional/tabular figures, scientific inferiors, superscript/subscript, stylistic alternates, stylistic sets 1, 2 and 3 (OpenType Std fonts only). It supports ISO Adobe 2, Adobe CE, Latin Extended characters (OpenType Pro fonts only).
Naming convention
The typeface is named after Rotis, a hamlet belonging to the German town of Leutkirch im Allgäu, where Otl Aicher lived. However, Aicher named the font "rotis", in minuscules, since Aicher thought of capital letters as a sign of hierarchy and oppression.
When the fonts were reissued by Monotype Imaging in 2011, though, the font names were capitalized to "Rotis". This also affected fonts published by downstream foundries.
Uses
Björk used this font for the artwork of her album Homogenic and all its corresponding singles.
McAfee used the typeface until 2005.
The metro of Bilbao (Metro Bilbao) uses this typeface in its logo and signage, which were also designed by Aicher himself.
The city of Montreal uses Rotis Semi-Sans. However, it was modified slightly to spell out the word Montréal.
University Centre at Blackburn College in Lancashire and the college campus it is affiliated with both use Rotis in logos and signage.
The Leibniz University of Hannover uses Rotis Sans in official documents and signage.
The Vrije Universiteit Brussel uses Rotis Sans as its corporate typeface.
ABS-CBN uses Rotis Semi Serif as its corporate typeface and the typeface for some of its companies beginning in 2000. Since 2014, ABS-CBN uses a modified version of the font for its corporate logo.
Hungarian TV2 used Rotis in their identity until 2002.
Accenture used Rotis in their wordmark and advertising until 2017.
Assessment and Qualifications Alliance (AQA) also uses Rotis on their website and on their publications.
The Anglican Church of Canada uses Rotis Semi-Serif for its wordmark.
The Finland-based firm Nokia also used this font in their packaging, user manuals and advertising, although this has mostly been replaced with their own font, Nokia Sans, for their phones' user interface and promotional materials.
The Commonwealth Services Delivery Agency, Centrelink (the government provider of social security/welfare in Australia), uses this typeface in their logo.
Sound Transit uses Rotis Semi Serif for its light rail, commuter train and bus station signs
Auckland City Council used Rotis for traffic signage.
PNC Financial Services, the sixth-largest bank in the United States, uses Rotis Semi Serif for its corporate logo and Rotis Sans Serif for their PNC Grow Up Great initiative, complemented by FF DIN for headlines and body copy.
Singapore's street name signage uses Rotis Semi Sans although road signs in Singapore used the recent DIN 1451.
It is one of the primary components of FRISK Software's corporate identity.
Also based in Auckland, New Zealand's largest architecture firm Jasmax uses Rotis in all of its documents.
The Rotis family is also used in book publishing, one example being Naomi Klein's No Logo which uses the semi-serif face. Open Source Press uses Rotis Sans Serif for all their books' body text, and Semi Serif for the headers.
The University of California, San Diego use the semi-serif face as its primary display type.
ERCO, the German based lighting fixture manufacturer, uses semi-sans for their logo and literature.
The company zebris Medical GmbH uses the font in their Logo and CI.
The Rotis font family is used by the kitchen company bulthaup.
The State University of New York College of Environmental Science and Forestry uses the Rotis family of fonts as one set of their official typefaces.
The inscriptions on the gravestone of Manchester impresario Anthony H. Wilson, designed by Peter Saville and Ben Kelly, are in Rotis Serif.
Scandinavian Airlines uses Rotis as their logotype written in silver letters along the sides of their aircraft.
The serif face is the primary brand font for Teavana (TEA), a North American loose leave tea retailer
The font is also used in the game Bubble Witch Saga.
Not all review of Rotis have been favourable. Prominent typeface designer Erik Spiekermann commented that "Rotis is not a typeface. It has some great letters, but they never come together to make words that don't look contrived or uncomfortable. It looks best on gravestones and similar large architectural applications." He has also joked that he wants the design on his gravestone.
References
Blackwell, Lewis. 20th Century Type. Yale University Press: 2004. .
Fiedl, Frederich, Nicholas Ott and Bernard Stein. Typography: An Encyclopedic Survey of Type Design and Techniques Through History. Black Dog & Leventhal: 1998. .
Macmillan, Neil. An–Z of Type Designers. Yale University Press: 2006. .
External links
Rotis Font Family & Packages
Rotis II Sans family
Is Rotis a typeface? - Robin Kinross and Erik Spiekermann on rotis
Rotis am Ende?
Unified serif and sans-serif typeface families
Humanist sans-serif typefaces
Typefaces and fonts introduced in 1988
Frisian involvement in the Crusades is attested from the very beginning of the First Crusade, but their presence is only felt substantially during the Fifth Crusade. They participated in almost all the major Crusades and the Reconquista. The Frisians are almost always referred to collectively by contemporary chroniclers of the Crusades and few names of individual Frisian crusaders can be found in the historical record. They generally composed a naval force in conjunction with other larger bodies of crusaders.
The first Frisians to participate in the First Crusade were part of the army which was led to the Holy Land by Godfrey of Bouillon and they are only mentioned in passing by Fulcher of Chartres, who mentions that the Frisian language was one of the many tongues spoken by the crusaders. William of Tyre, drawing his information from Fulcher, mentions Frisians as part of the troops led by Godfrey at the Siege of Antioch in 1097–1098. According to Albert of Aix, there was also a fleet of pirates, hailing from Denmark, Frisia, and Flanders and led by Guynemer of Boulogne, who assisted Baldwin of Boulogne at Tarsus.
Although unsubstantiated by any contemporary writing, the apocryphal sixteenth-century Frisian chronicler Ocko Scharlensis and the early seventeenth-century historian Ubbo Emmius wrote in some detail of eight Frisian nobles who allegedly took up the cross and followed Peter the Hermit to the Holy Land during the People's Crusade of 1096. Of the eight—Tjepke Forteman, Jarig Ludingaman, Feike Botnia, Elke and Sicco Lyauckama (cousins), Epe Hartman, Ige Galama, and Obboke (Ubbo) Hermana, son of Hessel—only two, Botnia and Sicco Lyauckama, were said to have survived the pilgrimage to Jerusalem.
With news of the fall of Edessa in 1144, a large force of Danes, Swedes, Scots, Welshmen, Englishmen, Normans, Frenchmen, Flemings, Germans, and Frisians assembled in connection with the Second Crusade about 200 ships, which left from Dartmouth in 1147 on the way to the Holy Land through the Straits of Gibraltar. Though there is no further mention of Frisians, they probably participated in the successful Siege of Lisbon in late summer and early fall. A thirteenth-century legend praises the Frisian knight Poptatus Ulvinga from Wirdum, who was supposed to have led the siege with the help of a heavenly army under the command of Saint Maurice. Apparently, his grave was marked by a palm tree, whose fruits caused miraculous healings. There must have been some confusion, however, with the grave of another knight, Henry of Bonn.
In 1189, as they were en route to the Siege of Acre as a contingent of the Third Crusade, a fleet of Frisians, Danes, Flemings, and Germans, assisted by a small Portuguese presence, in about 50 ships attacked and took Alvor, massacring its Muslim inhabitants. Frisian ships, perhaps the same ones as took Alvor, are mentioned as present at Acre under the command of James of Avesnes: these Frisians arrived in connection with Danish ships according to the Itinerarium Peregrinorum or Breton and German ships, according to Ernoul.
Around 1209 there were Frisians in the army of the Albigensian Crusade and around 1215, the Frisians responded to the preaching of the Fifth Crusade by Oliver of Paderborn and promised a fleet. According to the De itinere Frisonum they sailed in the spring of 1217 and they met the crusading fleet at the English port of Dartmouth. From there they sailed to Lisbon, where they refused to help the Portuguese take the city of Alcácer do Sal. A detachment of the Frisian fleet then sacked the Almohad-controlled cities Faro, Rota and Cádiz before continuing on to the East. Under the count of Holland, William I, they arrived in a mixed army consisting of Dutch and Flemish soldiers. They participated in the Siege of Damietta of 1218–1219 in Egypt, but the Frisian contingent returned home early and the siege ended in failure.
Between the summer of 1228 and winter of 1231, Bishop Willibrand of Utrecht preached a crusade indulgence in Frisia, recruiting soldiers for his war against the heretical Drenthers. Numerous Frisians took up the offer, but the crusade ended inconclusively in 1232.
A large bloc of Frisians vowed to join the Seventh Crusade in 1247 and 1248, but their vows were commuted by Pope Innocent IV in order to allow them to join their lord, William II of Holland, in fighting the pope's enemy, Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor. They participated in the siege of Aachen and, on 3 November 1248, William, now crowned king of Germany, confirmed the rights and freedoms that had supposedly been granted them by Charlemagne. Frisians, however, were involved in Saint Louis's Eighth Crusade which assaulted Tunis in 1270. They were under the protection of Charles I of Naples when travelling through his lands, because he ordered the seneschal of Provence to reimburse them and two Dominicans travelling with them for some 300 marks that were stolen in Marseille.
In the Late Middle Ages and the early modern period the prestige of participation in the Crusades coupled with the legendary nature of what most people knew about the First Crusade encouraged many Europeans to invent fictitious genealogies making their ancestors warriors who had helped take Jerusalem in 1099 or to commission the writing of supposed histories of their ancestors to prove that they too had participated in the early Crusades. Some of these legendary accounts were probably outright fabrications while others were based on tenuous and shaky premises. Much the same type of arguments — "if so-and-so was present at Jerusalem in 1099, then certainly my ancestor of the same period must also have been there" — have been employed in England to attach one's ancestors to the Battle of Hastings.
References
Further reading
Brassat, Herbert. Die Teilnahme der Friesen an den Kreuzzügen ultra mare vornehmlich im 12. Jahrhundert. Beiträge zur Geschichte der deutschen Seefahrt im 12. Jahrhundert. Berlin, 1970
Claassens, Geert H.M. "Cil Estoient Frison: The Image of the Frisians in the Crusade Stories". Aspects of Old Frisian Philology, 1990, pp. 69—84. Repr. in Aspects of Old Frisian Philology, ed. by Rolf H. Bremmer Jr., Geart van der Meer, Oebele Vries. Amsterdam, 2007.
David, Charles Wendell. "Narratio de Itinere Navali Peregrinorum Hierosolymam Tendentium et Silviam Capientium, A. D. 1189." Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society, Vol. 81, No. 5. (Dec. 31, 1939), pp 591–679, esp. 663–666.
Mol, Johannes A. "Frisian fighters and the Crusade", Crusades: The Journal of the Society for the Study of the Crusades and the Latin East, v.1 (2002) pp 89–110.
Housley, Norman. The Italian Crusades: The Papal-Angevin Alliance and the Crusades Against Christian Lay Powers, 1254–1343. Oxford University Press, 1982.
Jordan, William Chester. Europe in the High Middle Ages. London: Viking, 2003.
Siberry, Elizabeth. Criticism of Crusading, 1095–1274. Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1985. .
Villegas-Aristizábal, Lucas. "A Frisian Perspective on Crusading in Iberia as Part of the Sea Journey to the Holy Land, 1217–1218," Studies in Medieval and Renaissance History, 3rd Series 15 (2018), 67-149
Crusades
Fifth Crusade
First Crusade
Wars involving Frisia
Hon. Edward Venables-Vernon-Harcourt (10 October 1757 – 5 November 1847) was a Church of England bishop. He was the Bishop of Carlisle from 1791 to 1807 and then the Archbishop of York until his death.
He was the third son of the George Venables-Vernon, 1st Baron Vernon (1709–1780), and took the additional name of Harcourt on succeeding to the property of his cousin, the last Earl Harcourt, in 1831.
Biography
Edward Venables-Vernon was born at Sudbury Hall, Derbyshire on 10 October 1757. He was educated at Westminster School; matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford on 2 July 1774 ; was elected fellow of All Souls College in 1777 ; and graduated B.C.L. 27 April 1786, and D.C.L. 4 May following. After his ordination he was instituted to the family living of Sudbury. He became a canon of Christ Church, Oxford, 13 October 1785, and a prebendary of Gloucester on 10 November in the same year . He resigned his prebendal stall in 1791, but held his other appointments to 1808.
On 18 August 1791 he was nominated as the Bishop of Carlisle in succession to John Douglas and was consecrated on 6 November following. For 16 years he administered the affairs of the see of Carlisle with good sense and discretion, spending more than the whole income of the see upon the wants of his diocese.
Archbishop of York
After the death of Archbishop William Markham. Venables-Vernon was nominated on 26 November 1807 as archbishop of York, and was confirmed in St. James's Church, Westminster on 19 January 1808. In the same year, on 20 January, he was gazetted a privy councillor, and made Lord High Almoner to George III, an office which he also held under Queen Victoria's reign.
According to the account of Dean Alford:
"Archbishop Harcourt was very fond of hunting, so fond that he was very near refusing the archbishopric because he thought if he accepted he should have to give it up. He consulted a friend, who said that he must take counsel with others. 'Of course I should never join the meet,' said the Archbishop, 'but you know I might fall in with the hounds by accident.' After some time the friend came back and said that on the whole the party considered that the Archbishop might hunt, provided he did not shout."
Venables-Vernon was a member of the queen's council who had charge of George III during his illness. He was an eloquent speaker, and occasionally spoke in the House of Lords on ecclesiastical matters, but usually abstained from political contentions. He lived under five successive monarchs, and was respected for benevolence and simplicity of character. On 15 January 1831 he took the surname of Harcourt only on inheriting the large estates of the Harcourt family, which came to him on the death of his cousin, Field-marshal William, third and last Earl Harcourt.
In 1835 he was appointed one of the first members of the ecclesiastical commission. In 1838 he was offered the renewal of the Harcourt peerage, but declined it, not wishing to be fettered in his parliamentary votes. York Minster twice suffered fires during his primacy, 1829 and 1841, and he contributed largely to both restorations. Archbishop Harcourt preached his valedictory sermon in York Minster on 13 November 1838. However Harcourt continued to enjoy good health, and as late as 1 November 1847 visited York and inspected the repairs of the chapterhouse. He died at the palace, Bishopthorpe, near York, on 5 November 1847, and was buried at Stanton Harcourt, Oxfordshire, 13 November
A memorial to Harcourt was erected in York Minster in 1855 sculpted by Matthew Noble.
Family
On 5 February 1784 he married Lady Anne Leveson-Gower, third daughter of Granville Leveson-Gower, 1st Marquess of Stafford, and they had sixteen children. His wife predeceased him at Bishopthorpe Palace on 16 November 1832, aged 72.
His second son, the Revd. Leveson Vernon Harcourt, was chancellor of York, an author of The Doctrine of the Deluge and of other theological works. His fourth son was William Vernon Harcourt, the founder of the British Association for the Advancement of Science. Two of his sons became Admirals and his youngest daughter, Georgiana, distinguished herself as a translator.
The children included:
George Granville Vernon-Harcourt (6 Aug 1785 – 19 Dec 1861)
The Reverend Leveson Venables-Vernon-Harcourt (1788 – 26 Jul 1860)
Reverend William Vernon Harcourt (Jun 1789 – 1 Apr 1871)
Admiral Frederick Edward Vernon-Harcourt (15 Jun 1790 – 1 May 1883), forefather to the 11th Lord Vernon
Lt.-Col. Henry Venables-Vernon-Harcourt (1791 – 26 Feb 1853)
Granville Harcourt-Vernon (26 Jul 1792 – 8 Dec 1879)
Vice-Admiral Octavius Henry Cyril Harcourt (26 Dec 1793 – 14 Aug 1863)
The Reverend Charles Vernon-Harcourt (14 Nov 1798 – 10 Dec 1870)
Colonel Francis Venables-Vernon-Harcourt (6 Jan 1801 – 23 Apr 1880)
Egerton Vernon-Harcourt (1803 - 19 Oct 1883 Whitwell Hall, Yorkshire), who was a president of the United Debating Society in 1824 while educated at Christ Church, Oxford.
Louisa Augusta Venables-Vernon-Harcourt (c. 1804 – 4 Aug 1869), who married Sir John Vanden-Bempde-Johnstone, Baronet, of Hackness, on 14 June 1825 at St. George's, Hanover Square. He died 24 Feb 1869, the widow dying only a few months later on 4 Aug 1869, at Eridge Castle, Kent.
Georgiana Charlotte Frances Harcourt (1807–1886)
Cato Street conspiracy
As a director of the Ancient Concerts, Harcourt entertained his fellow-directors (the prince regent and Prince Adolphus – the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Cumberland (later the King of Hanover), and the Duke of Wellington) at his house in Grosvenor Square on 23 February 1821. On the same night the Cato Street conspirators had designed the murder of the cabinet ministers at the house adjoining Harcourt's, where the ministers had agreed to dine with Lord Harrowby.
Harcourt's publications
A Sermon preached before the Lords on the Anniversary of the Martyrdom of King Charles the First, 1794.
A Sermon preached before the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, 1798.
A Sermon preached at the Coronation of George IV, 1821, which was twice reprinted.
An account of the life of Margaret Godolphin who died in 1678 was written by John Evelyn and this was passed down through his family to Harcourt. Harcourt allowed it to be published in 1847 with the assistance of the Bishop of Oxford.
See also
Vernon Islands
References
Archbishops of York
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
1757 births
1847 deaths
Bishops of Carlisle
Doctors of Divinity
Fellows of All Souls College, Oxford
Edward
People educated at Westminster School, London
Younger sons of barons
18th-century Church of England bishops
19th-century Anglican archbishops
People from Sudbury, Derbyshire
18th-century Anglican theologians
19th-century Anglican theologians
The Delaware Public Service Commission is a public utilities commission, a quasi-judicial tribunal, which regulates investor-owned public utilities in the U.S. state of Delaware. It regulates cable, electric, natural gas, wastewater, water and telecommunications services.
See also
Public Utilities Commission
External links
Delaware Public Service Commission Website
Delaware
State agencies of Delaware
The is a high-speed Shinkansen train service operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) on the Hokuriku Shinkansen in Japan. The shinkansen service was introduced in October 1997, but the name was first used for a semi-express service operated by Japanese National Railways (JNR) in 1961. "Asama" is the name of an active volcano (Mount Asama) near Karuizawa, on the boundary between Gunma and Nagano Prefecture.
Operations
All 16 Asama services stopped at , , , , , , , and . 11 of them made an additional stop at , , and .
Train formations
Asama services are operated using 12-car E7 series or W7 series trainsets formed as shown below, with car 1 at the Tokyo end. Car 11 is a "Green" car, and car 12 is a "Gran Class" car with 2+1 seating. Unlike on Tohoku Shinkansen Hayabusa services, however, a dedicated attendant service is not provided in Gran Class cars on Asama services. All cars are no-smoking.
Rolling stock
E7 series 12-car F sets (since 15 March 2014)
W7 series 12-car W sets (since 14 March 2015)
Services were initially operated using a dedicated fleet of fourteen 8-car E2 series "N" sets based at Nagano Shinkansen Depot. Trains are designed to maintain speeds of on the 30 km continuous gradient of 30‰ between and Karuizawa.
New E7 series 12-car sets, also based at Nagano Depot, were introduced on Asama services from the start of the revised timetable on 15 March 2014. These trains include "Gran Class" seating arranged 2+1 abreast. E7 series trainsets were initially used on seven return services daily, with a further four return workings added from 19 April 2014. JR West W7 series 12-car sets, based at Hakusan Depot, were introduced from the start of the revised timetable on 14 March 2015.
Former rolling stock
E2 series 8-car J sets (from 1 October 1997 until 2002)
E2 series 8-car N sets (from 1 October 1997 until 31 March 2017)
200 series 12-car F80 set (February 1998 only)
E4 series 8-car P50/P80 sets, as Max Asama
Pre-shinkansen
181 series EMU sets (October 1966–)
189 series EMU 9/11/12-car sets (October 1975–September 1997)
489 series EMU sets
History
Semi-express Asama
The name Asama was first introduced on 1 March 1961 for services operating between Nagano and Niigata. This service operated until 30 November 1962, after which the train was renamed . From 1 December 1962, the name was used for the semi-express services operating between Ueno in Tokyo and Nagano on the Shinetsu Line. This service continued until 30 September 1963, after which the train was renamed .
Limited express Asama
After a gap of three years, the name Asama was re-introduced from 1 October 1966 on the Limited express services operating between Ueno and Nagano or Naoetsu. By the late 1990s, there were 29 workings daily in each direction, formed of 9- or 11-car 189 series EMU formations. During the busy summer periods, a second Green car was sometimes added to increase formations to 12 cars.
The typical 11-car 189 series formation in 1995 was as shown below, with car 1 at the Ueno end.
Shinkansen Asama
From 1 October 1997, the name Asama was used for the services on the newly opened Nagano Shinkansen (absorbed into the Hokuriku Shinkansen from 2015), operating between and .
During the 1998 Winter Olympics in February 1998, additional services were provided using one specially modified 200 series train (set F80), limited to a maximum speed of 210 km/h. Four E4 series double-decker "Max" trains (sets P51/52 and P81/82) were also specially built for seasonal use on the Nagano Shinkansen as Max Asama services, but only two (sets P81 and P82) are capable of travelling as far as Nagano because the line west of Karuizawa runs on a 60 Hz power supply, unlike the rest of the line that runs on a 50 Hz power supply.
From the start of the revised timetable on 10 December 2005, Asama services were made entirely no-smoking.
The services operated using E2 series eight-car sets (until 31 March 2017) were formed as follows. Car 7 was a "Green" (first class) car. All cars were no-smoking.
From the start of the revised timetable on 15 March 2014, new E7 series 12-car trainsets were introduced on Asama services. Initially used on seven return services daily, this number was increased to eleven return services daily from 19 April 2014.
Following the opening of the Hokuriku Shinkansen extension beyond Nagano to Kanazawa in 2015, the Asama name continued to be used for those services operating between Tokyo and Nagano, with some services still operated by 8-car E2 series trains.
The last services operated using eight-car E2 series trainsets ran on 31 March 2017, from which date all Asama services were formed of E7 and W7 series trainsets.
See also
List of named passenger trains of Japan
References
External links
JR East E7 series Asama
Railway services introduced in 1961
East Japan Railway Company
Named Shinkansen trains
David Dickson Rogers (June 10, 1845 – January 28, 1915) was a Canadian politician in the province of Ontario.
Born in County Monaghan, Ireland, his parents emigrated to Canada when he was an infant and settled in Prince Edward County, Upper Canada. Rogers was educated at the Kingston Collegiate Institute. A farmer, he settled in Frontenac County, Ontario. He was a Director and President of the Farmers' Institute and Agricultural Association. A member of the popular farmer-based Patrons of Industry, he faced no opposition and was acclaimed to the House of Commons of Canada for the electoral district of Frontenac in the 1896 federal election. He ran in the 1900 election as an independent candidate and was defeated.
References
1845 births
1915 deaths
Irish emigrants to pre-Confederation Ontario
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Patrons of Industry MPs
Politicians from County Monaghan
Immigrants to Upper Canada
List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 2013: Guggenheim Fellowships have been awarded annually since 1925, by the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation to those "who have demonstrated exceptional capacity for productive scholarship or exceptional creative ability in the arts."
References
2013
2013 awards
2013 art awards
ABU Garcia, originally AB Urfabriken (Swedish: "Watch Factory Ltd."), then ABU Svängsta, is a fishing reel and equipment manufacturing company founded in Svängsta, Sweden, and is now owned by Pure Fishing conglomerate of the United States.
Early history
AB Urfabriken began at a factory located near the Mörrum River in Svängsta, Blekinge, Sweden. The company, founded in 1921, originally manufactured watches, telephone timers and taximeters. However, the founder's son, Göte Borgström, a fishing enthusiast, soon redirected its focus towards fishing reels during World War II, when demand for those traditional products diminished.
The leading American outdoor sports participant distributing and manufacturing firm Garcia Corporation (1947-1978) was the largest fishing tackle company of its time, formerly known under the earlier name Charles Garcia & Company, New York City. The Garcia Corporation started importing and marketing ABU Svängsta's many reels in the 1950s, including the famous "Ambassadeur" reels.
Garcia Co. was already involved in the importing, marketing and distributing of the Mitchell 300 spinning reel from France since 1947. The Garcia Tackle Company of 1979-1980 was a short-lived partnership between ABU Svängsta and Mitchell S.A. of France, and in 1980, ABU Svängsta acquired the New Jersey-based Garcia Tackle Company, and changed their name to ABU Garcia. Mitchell S.A. would go their own way, but the two brands would join together again under the Pure Fishing banner, only again to be sold to the Jarden Corporation in April 2007. In December 2015, Newell Rubbermaid acquired Jarden Corporation, and in November 2018 sold Pure Fishing to Sycamore Partners.
Modern developments
ABU Garcia introduced a series of fishing reels and related products in the beginning of the 1950s. The Swedish built ABU 444, the company's first spinning reel, was introduced in 1955, followed in 1965 by the first model of the Cardinal series of spinning reels.
Beginning in 1957, the company also became known for its advanced spin cast reels (Abumatic) featuring several engineering innovations such as level wind mechanisms (oscillating spools), under rod spin cast reel designs (the Abu 500 series) and improved drags for fighting larger gamefish.
The famous Ambassadeur series of bait casting reels, which utilized advanced metal alloys, ball bearing friction interfaces, and precisely cut gears, was introduced at the New York World's Fair in 1954, and subsequent Ambassadeur models are still produced by the company. The professional angler Paul Gustafson worked for seven years as chief angling consultant for ABU Garcia.
Today, they still continue the Ambassadeur line, along with a branched off line of low profile cast reels, the Ambassadeur Revo.
Collections
There are collectors of ABU Equipment.
ABU Garcia Collectors from all around the world choose to buy, sell and exchange rare items on popular auction sites such as eBay.com and Tradera.com (Swedish). Rare items can fetch thousands of dollars. Specialist sites exist to aid finding these items such as Auction Angler. Publications that aid the collector of merchandise of ABU Garcia include The Ambassadeur and I and its sequel The Ambassadeur and I Final Chapter both by Simon Shimomura.
There is also a book titled Vintage Fishing Reels of Sweden by Daniel Skupien, that contains a large amount of valuable information on ABU Garcia fishing tackle, as well as a comprehensive work detailing the history of smaller Ambassadeur reels,´Small Ambassadeurs: The Legendary Light-line Fishing Reels: The Ambassadeur 2500C, 1500C and related Models by authors Espen Sjaastad and Karl-Eric Svensson.
See also
Comparison of hub gears
Fishing reel
References
Manufacturing companies of Sweden
Purveyors to the Court of Sweden
Manufacturing companies established in 1921
Fishing equipment manufacturers
1921 establishments in Sweden
2007 mergers and acquisitions
2016 mergers and acquisitions
2018 mergers and acquisitions
Companies based in Blekinge County
Zeitan () is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Lod and the road to Ben Gurion International Airport, it falls under the jurisdiction of Sdot Dan Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
During the 18th and 19th centuries, the area around Zeitan belonged to the Nahiyeh (sub-district) of Lod that encompassed the area of the present-day city of Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut in the south to the present-day city of El'ad in the north, and from the foothills in the east, through the Lod Valley to the outskirts of Jaffa in the west. This area was home to thousands of inhabitants in about 20 villages, who had at their disposal tens of thousands of hectares of prime agricultural land.
The village was founded on 5 June 1950 by immigrants from Tripoli in Libya who were originally from a small town named Zliten. There are several theories as to the source of its name; one is that it is an adaption of Zliten; another that it is derived from the Hebrew word for Olive (Zeit), which are grown in the area; whilst a third is that it is taken from the name of one of the Tribe of Benjamin, which lived in the area and is named in 1 Chronicles 7:10;
And the sons of Jediael: Bilhan; and the sons of Bilhan: Jeush, and Benjamin, and Ehud, and Chenaanah, and Zeitan, and Tarshish, and Ahishahar.
References
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1950
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1950 establishments in Israel
Libyan-Jewish culture in Israel
Photobacterium damselae subsp. piscicida (previously known as Pasteurella piscicida) is a gram-negative rod-shaped bacterium that causes disease in fish.
Hosts
Hosts of Photobacterium damselae subsp. piscicida include:
Barramundi/Asian sea bass ( Lates calcarifer )
Disease
Pasteurellosis is also described as photobacteriosis (due to the change in the taxonomic position), is caused by this halophilic bacterium. It was first isolated in mortalities occurring in natural populations of white perch (Morone americanus) and striped bass (M. saxatilis) in 1963 in Chesapeake Bay, USA (Snieszko et al., 1964). Since 1969, this disease has been one of the most important in Japan, affecting mainly yellowtail (Seriola quinqueradiata) (Kusuda & Yamaoka, 1972). From 1990 it has caused economic losses in different European countries including France (Baudin-Laurencin et al., 1991), Italy (Ceschia et al., 1991), Spain (Toranzo et al., 1991), Greece (Bakopoulos et al., 1995), Turkey (Canand et al., 1996), Portugal (Baptista et al., 1996) and Malta (Bakopoulos et al., 1997). Gilthead sea bream (Sparus aurata), seabass (Dicentrarchus labrax) and sole (Solea spp.) are the most affected species in Europe Mediterranean countries, as well as hybrid striped bass (M. saxatilis x M. chrysops) in the USA. However, the natural hosts of the pathogen are a wide variety of marine fish (Romalde & Magariños, 1997).
This pathology is temperature dependent and occurs usually when water temperatures rise above 18-20 °C. Below this temperature, fish can harbour the pathogen as subclinical infection and become carriers for long time periods (Romalde, 2002).
Symptoms
Pastereullosis is also known as pseudotubercullosis because it is characterized by the presence, in the chronic form of the disease, of creamy-white granulomatous nodules or whitish tubercules in several internal organs, composed of masses of bacterial cells, epithelial cells, and fibroblasts. The nodules are most prominent in internal viscera, particularly kidney and spleen, and the infection is accompanied by widespread internal necrosis (Evelyn, 1996; Romalde, 2002; Barnes et al., 2005). Anorexia with darkening of the skin as well as focused necrosis of the gills are the only external clinical signs often observed. These lesions are generally missing in the acute form. The disease is difficult to eradicate with antibiotic treatments, and there is evidence that carriers under stressful conditions could suffer from reinfection (Le Breton, 1999).
Identification
Morphologically, the bacteria is a rod shaped cell, with no motility. Gram negative, with bipolar staining. The presumptive identification of the pathogen is based on standard biochemical tests. In addition, although Ph. damselae subsp. piscicida is not included in the API-20E code index, this miniaturised system can also be useful for its identification, since all strains display the same profile (2005004). Slide agglutination test using specific antiserum is needed for a confirmative identification of the microorganism (Romalde, 2002).
Virulence
The virulence of the pathogen implies the production of polysaccharide capsular layer, and extracellular products, and is also depending on iron availability (Lopez-Doriga et al., 2000). The bacteria spread via infected phagocytes, mainly macrophages. This spread can be rapid, and lethal effects may occur within a few days of challenge, affecting tissues containing large numbers of the pathogens (Evelyn, 1996).
References
External links
Type strain of Photobacterium damselae subsp. piscicida at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase]
Necrotizing fasciitis due to Photobacterium damsela in a man lashed by a stingray. Barber GR, Swygert JS. New England Journal of Medicine. 2000 342:824 [letter]
Vibrionales
Bacterial diseases of fish
Subspecies
St. Nicholas Hospital is a private hospital located in Lagos Island in Lagos, Nigeria. It was founded in 1968 by Moses Majekodunmi. The hospital is in a building of the same name located at 57 Campbell Street near Catholic Mission Street. It has other facilities at different locations in Nigeria. Their other locations are: St. Nicholas Hospital, Maryland, St. Nicholas Clinics, Lekki Free Trade Zone, St. Nicholas Clinics, 7b Etim Inyang Street, Victoria Island.
Description
The hospital's 14-storey mixed-use high-rise building (St. Nicholas house) was designed by FMA Architects Ltd. The building's users includes several companies' offices with modern amenities and multilevel parking. The building is adjacent to King's College Lagos, Holy Cross Cathedral, Lagos and Lagos City Hall. The hospital spans five floors of the building with an outpatient clinic and emergency services on the ground floor.
Milestones
St. Nicholas hospital has become a leading organ transplant centre in Nigeria, performing the first renal transplantation treatment, the first kidney transplant in Nigeria and the first paediatric kidney transplant in West Africa.
Services
Nephrology
Medical and Emergency
Intensive Care
Preventive Health Screen
Colonoscopy and Endoscopy
General Medicine
Nursing care
Cardiology
Paediatrics
Antenatal Care
Diagnostic Imaging
Clinical Laboratory
Surgery
Radiology
Family Medicine
Physiotherapy
Obstetrics and Gynaecology
Oncology
Nutrition and dietetics
Dermatology
Dialysis
Pharmacy
Health Assessment
Fire incident
On 3 February 2014, 9:00 a.m. WST – At approximately 5:55 p.m. on Sunday, 2 February 2014, there was a fire on the 9th floor of the building. Urgent action was taken to extinguish the fire, the cause of which was believed to be an electrical problem.
See also
List of hospitals in Lagos
References
External links
St. Nicholas Hospital's Official Website
1968 establishments in Nigeria
Hospitals established in 1968
Lagos Island
Private hospitals in Lagos
Office buildings in Lagos
Diana Margaret Maddock, Baroness Maddock, Baroness Beith (; 19 May 1945 – 26 June 2020) was a British Liberal Democrat politician. She was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Christchurch in a 1993 by-election but lost the seat at the subsequent 1997 general election to Conservative Christopher Chope. She re-entered Parliament as a life peer as Baroness Maddock, of Christchurch in the County of Dorset, in 1997 where she remained until her death.
Early life and early career
Diana Maddock (née Derbyshire) was born on 19 May 1945 to parents Reginald Derbyshire and Margaret Evans. She was educated at Shenstone Training College and Portsmouth Polytechnic (now the University of Portsmouth) and was a teacher of English as a foreign language until starting a family and becoming involved in politics in the mid-1970s. She spent some time teaching in Sweden and she credited her time living there as an influence on her political beliefs and went on to serve as President of the Anglo-Swedish Society from 1999 until her death.
Political career
Maddock joined the Liberal Party in 1976, and was elected to Southampton City Council in 1984. Maddock was not particularly political in her early life. She highlights her initial involvement came when she was pregnant and approached by a canvasser who convinced her to join the Liberal Party having voted for them previously. As she had stopped work, she had more time to be civically engaged which expanded to the point where she became involved with the Association of Liberal Councillors which promoted active engagement with community groups and she realised she enjoyed campaigning.
During her time on the City Council, she was leader of the Liberal Democrat group on the council. She unsuccessfully contested Southampton Test at the 1992 general election, coming third. She was elected as Member of Parliament for Christchurch at a by-election in 1993 that was caused by the death of Robert Adley, but lost the seat at the 1997 election to the Conservative candidate Christopher Chope.
She was created a life peer as Baroness Maddock, of Christchurch in the County of Dorset on 30 October 1997. From 1998 to 2000, she was President of the Liberal Democrats.
In 2005, she was elected a member of Northumberland County Council for Berwick North Division and in 2007 also to Berwick-upon-Tweed Borough Council for Edward Ward.
Maddock did not re-stand for election to the County Council at the expiry of her term in 2008 and the Borough Council was abolished in 2009 and absorbed into Northumberland County Council.
Areas of policy interest
While on Southampton City Council Maddock's primary areas of interest were housing and energy conservation.
Personal life
She married Bob Maddock in 1966. The marriage ended in divorce. She married secondly Alan Beith, the then MP for Berwick-upon-Tweed, in 2001. She and her husband were one of the few couples who each held peerages in their own right. She died on 26 June 2020 aged 75 at her home in Berwick-upon Tweed, Northumberland.
References
External links
Baroness Maddock profile at the site of Liberal Democrats
1945 births
2020 deaths
Liberal Democrats (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Councillors in Northumberland
Presidents of the Liberal Democrats (UK)
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1992–1997
Liberal Democrats (UK) life peers
Life peeresses created by Elizabeth II
Spouses of life peers
Alumni of the University of Portsmouth
20th-century British women politicians
21st-century British women politicians
Liberal Democrats (UK) councillors
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for constituencies in Dorset
Women councillors in England
The Adivasi Will Not Dance: Stories (New Delhi: Speaking Tiger, 2015; ) is a collection of short stories. The second book by Hansda Sowvendra Shekhar, it was nominated for The Hindu Literary Prize in 2016. As of April 2021, this book has been translated into Hindi, Marathi, Tamil, Gujarati, and Bengali, while the Malayalam and Austrian German translations are forthcoming.
Summary
The characters and settings of the stories are mostly from the community of Santhal people in the Indian state of Jharkhand, particularly in relation to Coal mining in India. Prominent themes include the condition of women in a patriarchal society, poverty, middle-class Santhal life, the situation of Adivasi people, organised crime, tensions between traditionalism and modernity, the social damage caused by mining and sex-work.
Reviews and studies
Priyanka Tripathi,“The Adivasi Will Not Dance: Stories by Hansda Sowvendra Shekhar.” Rupkatha Journal on Interdisciplinary Studies in Humanities, Vol. IX, No. 4, 2017, pp. 193–196. DOI: https://dx.doi.org/10.21659/rupkatha.v9n4.r02
Devapriya Roy, 'An unusual five: The reader's guide to the Hindu Prize shortlist', Scroll.in ([no date])
Namrata Chaturvedi, 'Combating bias', Deccan Herald (1 November 2015)
Jean Spraker, 'Review: The Adivasi Will Not Dance by Hansda Sowvendra Shekhar' (27 October 2016)
Nilanjana S. Roy, 'Short!', Business Standard (4 January 2016)
Sudipta Datta, 'The Adivasi Will Not Dance: Dark places', Financial Express (27 December 2015)
Amrita Dutta, 'Book Review: The Writer as Political Being', The Indian Express (19 December 2015)
Radhika S., 'Review: Hansda Shekhar's The Adivasi Will Not Dance is a no-holds-barred account of life on the margins', The Hindu (12 November 2016)
The work has also attracted dedicated scholarly commentary:
Arya, A., 'Dismantling the Hegemonic Structure through the War of Manoeuvre: Hansda Sowvendra Shekhar's The Adivasi Will Not Dance as a Dogma of Adivasis', The Creative Launcher: An International, Open Access, Peer-Reviewed, Refereed, E-Journal in English, 2.3 (August 2017), 193–200.
Abin Chakraborty, 'Examining Subalterneity in Hansda Sowvendra Sekhar's “The Adivasi Will Not Dance”', Postcolonial Text 12.1 (2017), 1–15.
Controversy
On 11 August 2017, the government of Jharkhand banned The Adivasi Will Not Dance: Stories and summarily suspended the author from his job, on the grounds that the book portrayed Adivasi women and Santhal culture in a bad light. The key complainants appear to have been the ruling party in Jharkhand, the Bharatiya Janata Party, the opposition party Jharkhand Mukti Morcha, and an academic at Jamia Millia Islamia. The government's actions were widely criticised. The ban on The Adivasi Will Not Dance: Stories was removed in December 2017 and Shekhar's suspension was removed and he was reinstated into his job in 2018.
References
External links
Indian short story collections
Adivasi literature
Speaking Tiger books
2015 short story collections
GemOx or GEMOX is an acronym for one of the chemotherapy regimens used in the treatment of relapsed or primary refractory non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and Hodgkin's lymphoma.
When combined with Rituximab it is called R-GemOx, R-GEMOX or GemOx-R, GEMOX-R.
The [R]-GemOx regimen consists of:
(R)ituximab - anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody that has the ability to kill both normal and malignant B cells;
(Gem)citabine - an antimetabolite;
(Ox)aliplatin - a platinum-based alkylating antineoplastic agent.
Dosing regimen
References
Chemotherapy regimens used in lymphoma
Arjan Singh Raikhy (born 20 October 2002) is an English footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Aston Villa. He is a product of the Aston Villa and West Bromwich Albion academies.
Career
Youth football
Raikhy played at West Bromwich Albion in his early teens, before switching to the nearby Aston Villa Academy.
Having played regularly for the under-18 side in the 2019–20 season, Raikhy featured for the Aston Villa U21 side in the EFL Trophy against Carlisle United, losing 3–1.
Having been a key player in Villa's Under-18 FA Youth Cup squad that season, on 24 May 2021, Raikhy was part of the side that defeated Liverpool U18 2–1 in the final.
Senior debut and loans
Raikhy was named in the Aston Villa starting line-up for his senior debut on 8 January 2021 in an FA Cup third round tie against Liverpool. On 7 July 2021, Raikhy was one of several young players who signed a new contract with Aston Villa.
On 20 August, Raikhy joined National League side Stockport County on a season-long loan. He made his National League debut in a 1–0 victory over Southend United. He made eight appearances for Stockport, including one man of the match award, before being recalled to Aston Villa on 3 January 2022.
On 24 January 2022, Raikhy went on loan to the National League once again, this time joining Grimsby Town until the end of the season. The following day, he made his Grimsby debut as a second-half substitute in a 1–0 defeat to Wrexham. On 5 June 2022, Raikhy played in the National League play-off final at the London Stadium as Grimsby beat Solihull Moors in extra time to secure promotion back to the Football League. This marked an unusual achievement, as both of the teams he had been at loan to in that National League season had been promoted.
Personal life
Raikhy is from a British Punjabi family, he was born in Wolverhampton and attended school in Telford.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Aston Villa U18
FA Youth Cup: 2020–21
Grimsby Town
National League play-offs: 2022
References
2002 births
Association football midfielders
Aston Villa F.C. players
British Asian footballers
British sportspeople of Indian descent
English footballers
English people of Punjabi descent
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Living people
National League (English football) players
Stockport County F.C. players
WATR (1320 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Waterbury, Connecticut and the Naugatuck Valley. The station is owned by WATR, Inc. It airs a full-service format featuring news-talk and sports programming, as well as classic hits. It was until May 2022 the oldest privately owned station in the state of Connecticut, never having been sold outside the family of its founder, Harold Thomas (1902–1968).
The station is host to the long-running "Tom Chute & You," the weekday morning drive program hosted by general manager and program director Thomas J. Chute with news director Christopher M. Fortier, veteran regional journalist, anchoring news reports through the noon hour. It is the fourth-longest continuously running morning drive radio program in Connecticut, having debuted on January 2, 1986.
Barbara Hart Davitt, who marked 58 years at the station on November 22, 2021, hosts "Coffee Break" in late mornings. Debuting in the mid-1960s, it is one of the longest-running radio shows in the U.S. Davitt in 2018 was the first Waterbury-area radio personality inducted into the Connecticut Broadcasters Association Hall of Fame.
Steve Noxon hosts "Talk of the Town," WATR's flagship talk show since 1972, focusing on local and state issues during the midday hours. Previous hosts include Larry Rifkin, Ed Flynn, James Senich and Jay Clark. Fortier serves as the program's executive producer.
The daily programming lineup also includes syndicated Fox News Talk shows during the afternoon and Fox Sports Radio at night.
Weekend programming highlights include the Sunday morning "Carosello Italiano," hosted by Joe Costa and featuring music and news from the Italian community and the Sunday night "Music Museum" hosted by long-time Connecticut broadcaster Jay Crawford.
The station was also host to the popular "Polish Eagle Show," originated in 1934 on WATR by bandleader Victor Zembruski (1912–1976). His widow, Sophie Zembruski (1918–2010), hosted the show from 1976 to 2008, at which time the couple's daughter, Loretta Hoxie, took over hosting duties. "The Zembruski Family Polka Hour," hosted by Nathaniel Zembruski, succeeded Hoxie shortly after she retired in 2013. Zembruski, at age 17, decided to end the show as his junior year of high school concluded. Its finale aired on May 31, 2020.
The station also maintains a decades-long tradition of broadcasting play-by-play of local high school football and basketball. In 2018, WATR joined the University of Connecticut sports radio network. The first UConn Huskies football game was broadcast August 28, 2018.
WATR once had sister FM and television stations: WATR-FM, established in 1961, now WWYZ, and WATR-TV, established in 1953, later WTXX and now WCCT-TV.
It was announced on February 24, 2020, that the station was up for sale. A partnership between WWCO owner David Webster and WARE owner Kurt Jackson purchased the station in May 2022.
The station has been assigned the WATR call letters by the Federal Communications Commission since it was initially licensed in 1934.
Translator
References
External links
ATR
News and talk radio stations in the United States
Oldies radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1934
1934 establishments in Connecticut
Full service radio stations in the United States
Fox Sports Radio stations
Gerald Click "Click" Schreck (March 8, 1939 – April 2, 2022) was an American sailor and Olympic champion. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, where he received a gold medal in the Dragon class as crew member (with George Friedrichs and Barton Jahncke) on the boat Williwaw.
Born in Pensacola, Florida, Schreck worked as a sailmaker.
See also
List of Olympic medalists in Dragon class sailing
References
External links
1939 births
2022 deaths
American male sailors (sport)
Sailors at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in sailing
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Pensacola, Florida
Kiskassa () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary. It is located 17 kilometers to the south-east of the city Pécs, the capital city of Baranya.
Until the end of World War II, the majority of the Inhabitants was Danube Swabians, also called locally as Stifolder, because there Ancestors once came at the 17th century and 18th century from Fulda (district). Mostly of the former German Settlers was expelled to Allied-occupied Germany and Allied-occupied Austria in 1945–1948, about the Potsdam Agreement.
Only a few Germans of Hungary live there, the majority today are the descendants of Hungarians from the Czechoslovak–Hungarian population exchange. They got the houses of the former Danube Swabians Inhabitants.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Thomas Price Turner (bapt. 17 January 1790 – 18 February 1868) was an English classical musician, and was one of the artist J. M. W. Turner's first cousins. Following the artist's death in 1851, Thomas Price Turner was one of a group of interested parties who contested J. M. W. Turner's will. The first cousins were awarded part of Turner's legacy in 1856.
Turner was a professor of music in his native Exeter and was a secondary at Exeter Cathedral from 1820 until 1857. He had his own band. He sang in the 1834 Handel Commemoration in London, as J. M. W. Turner noted on looking at the programme. Two years later Turner's daughter Maria Harriet married a London builder and surveyor, whom she later deserted for another husband.
Turner married Maria Pridham in 1865, some time after retiring from the Cathedral and only a few years before his death in 1868. Maria had several children (Andrew, Charles, Maria) between 1847 and 1851 and is also recorded as being with Thomas in the UK Census Archives, though their exact relationship is unclear. Maria's children undoubtedly used the Turner name after the marriage between Thomas and Maria. It is unclear whether Turner was their natural father or their stepfather. Selby Whittingham (in The Turners of Devon) believed that he was the father.
References
1790s births
1868 deaths
English classical musicians
J. M. W. Turner
Graisse may refer to:
the French word for fat or grease
Graisse, a grape variety
Graisse (fault), a wine fault due to abnormal bacterial mallolactic fermentation
Charles Michael Davis (born December 1, 1984) is an American actor, model, producer, and director. He is best known for his roles as Marcel Gerard on The CW television drama The Originals (2013–2018) and Zane Anders on the TV Land original series Younger (2017–2021). He also starred as Special Agent Quentin Carter on NCIS: New Orleans.
Life and career
Davis was born in Dayton, Ohio. He graduated from Stebbins High School in the Dayton suburb of Riverside and from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. He is of African American and Filipino descent. His father is from Kentucky and his mother is from Manila.
Davis got his start at an actor, Models, and Talent for Christ (AMTC) event. Davis has done print modeling and commercials for Nike and FootLocker.
Davis has had guest and recurring appearances in several notable television shows, including That's So Raven, Switched at Birth, and Grey's Anatomy. In 2011, he landed a recurring role on BET's The Game as Kwan Kirkland, a quarterback for the San Diego Sabers.
In February 2013, it was announced that Davis was cast in a lead role on The CW's new show The Originals, a spinoff of The Vampire Diaries, centered on the Original Family as they move to New Orleans, where Davis' character (a vampire named Marcel) currently rules.
In 2018, after appearing in a recurring capacity in the fourth season of the American comedy-drama Younger, Davis was promoted to the series' main cast for its fifth season.
Davis joined the cast of NCIS: New Orleans in March 2020, playing the role of Special Agent Quentin Carter, the new agent for NCIS New Orleans office.
On July 17, 2020, Davis starred alongside Laura Harrier as a couple going through a breakup in the music video for "What's Love Got to Do with It", the remix version by Kygo of the original Tina Turner song.
In March 2022 it was announced that Davis would appear in Legacies as Marcel Gerard.
Personal life
Davis was in a relationship with choreographer and model Katrina Amato. However, in a September 19, 2014, episode of the CBS talk show The Talk, he disclosed that he is "newly single".
Filmography
Film
Television
Web series
Music videos
References
External links
21st-century American male actors
Living people
African-American male actors
American male actors of Filipino descent
American male television actors
American models of Filipino descent
1984 births
Male actors from Dayton, Ohio
American male film actors
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
John Paul Leon (April 26, 1972 – May 2, 2021) was an American comic book artist, known for his work on the Milestone Comics series Static, and the Marvel Comics limited series Earth X.
Leon also provided artwork for a number of style guides for feature film adaptations of comic books, including Superman Returns, Batman Begins, Green Lantern, and The Dark Knight.
Early life
John Paul Leon was born on April 26, 1972, in New York City.
Career
Leon first began working professionally at the age of 16, with a series of black and white illustrations for TSR's Dragon and Dungeon magazines.
He majored in illustration at New York's School of Visual Arts, studying under artists such as Will Eisner, Walter Simonson, and Jack Potter. It was during this time that he received his first professional comics job, illustrating the Dark Horse Comics miniseries RoboCop: Prime Suspect (October 1992). By his junior year he was given the job as the inaugural artist on the DC Comics/Milestone ongoing series Static (June 1993), his first breakout work, which Simonson agreed would serve as Leon's course work for that semester. He would draw Static until its ninth issue (February 1994). Leon graduated from SVA with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1994. Regarding this milestone, Leon would relate to Newsarama in 2019:
"When I graduated SVA, I remember they had us fill out a form, for what purpose, I don't recall. But among the questions asked was something along the lines of, where do you see yourself in 20 years, or what are your goals for the next several years. I remember my answer was, '...To build a body of work and to be highly regarded among my peers.' Something like that."
As Leon's popularity rose, he became a sought-after artist for both DC and Marvel, projects. He drew the miniseries Logan: Path of the Warlord and The Further Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix (both in 1996), and the 12-issue miniseries Earth X (1999), written by Jim Krueger and Alex Ross, another signature work of Leon's that depicted a dystopian future of the Marvel Universe, and which spawned multiple sequels. Leon also contributed to regular ongoing series such as multiple Batman-related books, Superman, and Challengers of the Unknown (1997).
By the early 2000s, Leon's work caught the notice of DC Comics' parent company Warner Bros., through which Leon would provid artwork for a number of style guides for the studio's feature film adaptations of DC properties, including Superman Returns, Batman Begins, Green Lantern, and The Dark Knight.
Leon also illustrated Superman Returns: Be a Hero, a children's books published by Meredith Books as a tie-in to the 2006 feature film Superman Returns.
Leon's other career-defining works of the 2000s included two issues of New X-Men in 2002, and two DC Comics miniseries: The Wintermen, which was written by Leon's SVA classmate Brett Lewis, and published under DC's Wildstorm imprint, and the DC miniseries Batman: Creature of the Night, a four-issue miniseries written by Kurt Busiek that, due to Leon's third diagnosis of stage two colorectal cancer, was published over the course of four years, with the final issue being released in 2019.
In April 2021, Leon was announced as the artist on the upcoming Batman/Catwoman Special #1, a retelling of the origin of Catwoman, written by Tom King.
Leon's last interior artwork was the "memory sequence" in the first issue of Jupiter's Legacy: Requiem (June 2021), which writer Mark Millar dedicated to Leon's memory.
Personal life and death
In 2008, Leon was diagnosed with colorectal cancer, for which he would be treated several times, with a combination of chemotherapy, radiation, and surgery. By 2012 he was in remission. In January 2018, he was diagnosed with the disease a third time, which had again spread to his lungs. He underwent chemotherapy again in January 2019, and indicated in an interview that November that he was responding well to the treatment, and was exhibiting promising energy levels. Though he continued to work throughout this process, it hindered the timely release of the book Batman: Creature of the Night.
As of 2018, Leon lived with his wife and daughter in Miami, Florida.
John Paul Leon died May 2, 2021, at age 49, after a 14-year battle with cancer. He was survived by his wife, daughter and older brother. Leon's colleague, Tommy Lee Edwards, set up a GoFundMe page to create a trust fund for the education of Leon's then-17-year-old daughter, and help fund her education in engineering.
Marvel Comics and DC Comics ran tributes to Leon in books they published in the first week of June 2021. Marvel's featured a eulogy by Marvel Entertainment EVP Creative Director Joe Quesada, who stated, "John Paul Leon was truly a unique talent, admired and envied by all of us in the industry for his ability to convey the complexities of the world with a distilled simplicity of line and mastery of the craft that few can ever hope to achieve. He's passed much too soon, leaving us to wonder what further heights he would have achieved, but thankful for the work he's left behind that will inspire generations of artists to come. Our hearts at Marvel go out to his family, loved ones, friends, and fans. Godspeed." In DC's books, Publisher and Chief Creative Officer Jim Lee wrote, "One of the greatest artists of our generation, he was also one of the nicest and most talented creators one could be lucky enough to have met." On its website, DC also published tributes by Leon's collaborator Tom King, and DC vice president and editor-in-chief Marie Javins.
Bibliography
RoboCop (with John Arcudi, in Dark Horse Comics #1-3, Dark Horse Comics, 1992)
RoboCop: Prime Suspect (pencils, with writer John Arcudi and inks by Jeff Albrecht, Dark Horse Comics, 1992–1993)
Static #1-9 (pencils, with writers Michael Davis, Robert Washington III and Dwayne McDuffie, and inks by Steve Mitchell, Milestone Comics, 1993–1994)
Shadow Cabinet #0-17 (1994–95)
World's Collide One-Shot (1994)
Icon #20 (1994)
Superman: The Man of Steel Annual #1 (1995)
Shadow of the Bat #40-41 (1995)
X-Men Annual 1995 (1995)
Logan: Path of the Warlord (1996)
The Further Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix (pencils, with writer Peter Milligan and inks by Klaus Janson, 4-issue mini-series, Marvel, 1996, tpb, 96 pages, October 1997, )
Challengers of the Unknown #1-12, 16 (1997–98)
Moon Knight Vol. 3 #4 (1998)
Daredevil #375 (1998)
The Creeper #9 (1998)
Grendel: Devil's Toll (1998)
Earth X #0-12 (with writers Alex Ross and Jim Krueger and inks by Bill Reinhold, Marvel Comics, 1999–00)
Gotham Knights #6 (Batman Black & White backup feature, 2000)
Static Shock: Rebirth of the Cool #1-4 (2000)
Smallville: The Comic (2002)
New X-Men #127, 131 (2002)
Weapon X #4 (2003)
Tom Strong #25 (2004)
Captain America Vol. 5 #7 (2005)
The Winter Men (with Brett Lewis, 6-issue limited series, Wildstorm, 2005–06, 2008, )
Hellblazer #229 (2007)
Midnighter #8 (2007)
Ex Machina Specials #3-4 (2007–09)
DC: Infinite Halloween Special (2007)
Scalped (2008)
Sgt. Fury and His Howling Commandos Vol. 2 #1 (2009)
Dark Reign: Made Men One-Shot (2009)
Black Widow: Deadly Origin #1-4 (2009)
DMZ #50 (2010)
Milestone Forever #1-2 (2010)
Static Shock Special (2011)
The Spirit Vol. 2 #16 (2011)
Animal Man Vol. 2 #6, 20 (2012–13)
American Vampire Anthology #1 (2013)
Batman Incorporated Special (2013)
Detective Comics Vol. 2 #35-36 (2014)
Mother Panic #7-9 (2017)
Batman: Creature of the Night (with Kurt Busiek, 4-issue limited series, 2017–2019)
DC: Beach Blanket Bad Guys Special (2018)
DC: Crimes of Passion Special (2020)
Catwoman Vol. 5 #25 (2020)
Let Them Live: Unpublished Tales from the DC Vault #3 (2021)
Batman/Catwoman Special #1 (2021) (posthumous)
References
External links
The Blvd Studio
Tributes
American comics artists
School of Visual Arts alumni
1972 births
2021 deaths
Place of death missing
Artists from New York City
Deaths from cancer in the United States
İlyas Tüfekçi (born February 3, 1960 in Istanbul) is a retired football striker and later manager.
During his club career, Tüfekçi played in Germany and Turkey for Stuttgart, Schalke, Fenerbahçe, Galatasaray and Zeytinburnuspor.
External links
1960 births
Living people
Turkish footballers
Turkey international footballers
Turkish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Turkish expatriate footballers
Bundesliga players
Association football forwards
VfB Stuttgart players
FC Schalke 04 players
Galatasaray S.K. footballers
Fenerbahçe S.K. footballers
Turkish football managers
Kardemir Karabükspor managers
Zeytinburnuspor managers
Adana Demirspor managers
İzmirspor managers
Sakaryaspor managers
Sarıyer S.K. managers
Elazığspor managers
Sivasspor managers
Göztepe S.K. managers
Altay S.K. managers
Mersin İdman Yurdu managers
Beylerbeyi S.K. managers
Southport is a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Fairfield, Connecticut. It is located along Long Island Sound between Mill River and Sasco Brook, where it borders Westport. As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 1,710. Settled in 1639, Southport center has been designated a local historic district since 1967. In 1971, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Southport Historic District.
History
The indigenous village of Sasqua, inhabited by Quiripi language speakers, was located in the area. Members of that community later formed the Golden Hill Paugussett Indian Nation.
The earliest recorded event in Southport's history was "The Great Swamp Fight" or "Fairfield Swamp Fight" of July 1637 (not to be confused with the later Great Swamp Fight of King Philip's War), an episode of the Pequot War in which English colonial forces led by John Mason and Roger Ludlow vanquished a band of 80 to 100 Pequot Indians who had earlier fled from their home territory in the Mystic area and taken refuge with approximately 200 Sasqua Indians who inhabited the area that is now Fairfield. The exact location of the battle is unclear, but it is known to have been in the vicinity of Southport. In 1639, Ludlow established the town of Fairfield on the Pequot land known as Unquowa. Colonial deeds of land were signed with the Sasqua in the 1670s.
In the eighteenth century, Mill River village, a part of Fairfield, was a small hamlet of a few houses and a wharf at the mouth of Fairfield's Mill River. Farm products from the surrounding area were shipped from Mill River's small harbor to ports in New York and beyond.
By 1831 the village had changed its name to Southport and was a bustling commercial area with warehouses, churches, schools, stores and elegant houses. Before 1853, Southport had its own local government as a borough within the town of Fairfield.
Economic history
Southport became a leading coastal port on Long Island Sound, its ships carrying produce and goods back and forth to New York City. A measure of Southport's success is the fact that throughout the 1800s it possessed the only two banks in town. However, competition from steamboats and the railroad took its toll on prosperity. Resourceful shippers teamed with local farmers and businessmen to keep the port going.
The Southport Onion, a high quality onion, was developed and grown on Westport's and Fairfield's hills and shipped in Southport market boats. These boats were mostly sloops that carried 50 tons and more in some cases of cargo keeping the harbor profitable until the end of the century. The federal government supported repairs to the harbor in the 1840s. During the 1840s the greatest agricultural innovation in Fairfield became the cultivation of onions. From 1840 to 1890, 200,000 tons yearly were shipped out of Southport. Designed to be easily stored, during The Civil War sales spiked, its' high vitamin C content prized by the U.S. Navy to prevent scurvy. The U.S. Army prized it to treat gunshot wounds, at one point to the extent that General Ulysses S. Grant refused to move his troops if they were not supplied with onions.
In the 1890s, 100,000 barrels of locally grown onions, carrots, potatoes, and other goods were shipped annually from Southport harbor.
The shipping industry was the economic foundation of the village of Mill River. The village, as it became a large port, eventually changed its name to South Port, later Southport. Local farmers transported their Southport Globe onions and other crops via the growing shipping fleet housed in the harbor and, by 1836, it became larger than the New York City and Boston ports. The ships sailed to destinations as far as the West Indies, but often went to New York City, where larger vessels in a deeper port headed to more distant foreign destinations. During the 150 years between 1750 and 1900, the shipping industry grew dramatically, but died out as the railroad industry and steamship industries took over. The increased use of large shipping containers also decreased transport costs and eventually drove the need to use ports deeper than Southport Harbor. The local produce was transported to New York and Boston via train, to deeper water ports where larger vessels were docked.
Local Sea Captains
During the peak of the shipping era, Southport had four shipyards in old Mill River, and many of Southport's first families built their wealth in the lucrative shipping trade that grew in response to local farmers wanting a more convenient port than Bridgeport and Norwalk Harbors. Numerous area parks and streets are named after prominent sea captains, including Bulkley Avenue, Sherwood Island State Park, and Sturges Highway. Capt. Zalman Wakeman owned Wakeman Farms, which is still operating today.
Preservation
Today, much of the old village area is part of a town historic district, first established in 1967, where buildings from three centuries are protected for future generations. The boundaries of the town historic district are the railroad on the north; the Mill River and Southport Harbor on the south; Church Street; and Old South Road and Rose Hill Road on the west and east, respectively, including all properties on both sides of the roads. Strict historic zoning regulations apply in the district and have been upheld by the Connecticut Supreme Court. The Southport Historic District is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of , of which is land and , or 10.99%, is water.
Demographics
The village of Southport corresponds to census tract 606. As of the census of 2020, there were 1,710 people in the village, organized into 798 households. The racial makeup of the town was 87% White, 5% Hispanic or Latino of any race, 4% African American, 2% Asian, 0% Native American, and 2% identifying as two or more races. .
Households averaged 2.1 persons, with 66% consisting of married couples, 7.3% of female householders with no husband present, 2.5% of male householders, and 24.4% of people who were not family members. 16% of residents were under the age of 18, 60.1% were between the ages of 18 and 64, and 23.9% were over the age of 65.
The median household income was $180,057, with 9% of households below the poverty line. The median value of homes in the village was $766,900
Public services
Southport has had its own firefighting service since 1895. The Southport Fire Department was organized that year as a volunteer fire department after a large arson fire in the village. However, it is also protected by Fairfield Fire Department's Engine 4, out of the Southport Firehouse.
The neighborhood's ZIP Code is 06890, whose scope extends further north from the historic village area to include the Mill Hill area.
Library
The community's public library is the Pequot Library, founded Virginia Marquand Monroe and Elbert Monroe in 1887. A Richardsonian Romanesque building, it was designed by the architect Robert Henderson Robertson and is a contributing property to the National Register Southport Historic District.
The library has a large collection of manuscripts, rare books, and archives. Of the approximate 30,000 items in the Special Collections,1800 items are held on long-term loan at the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale University. The collection includes the first printed cookbook, De Honesta Voluptate et Valetudine,by Bartholomaeus Platina (1475); autographs of all American Presidents and the cosigners of th Declaration of Independence, including the rare Button Gwinnett autograph. Among the titles in the Special Collections are Epistola de insulis nuper inventis by Christopher Columbus, translated into Latin by Leandro di Cosco and printed in 1493; two of the three contemporaneous histories of the Pequot War in New England; the Saybrook Platform which was the first book published in Connecticut in 1710. Also included in the collection is Phillis Wheatley's Poems on various subjects, religious and moral from 1786 as well as the typescript of the last four chapters of Margaret Mitchell's Gone With the Wind.
The library's annual summer book sale featured more than 140,000 volumes on sale in 2007. In 2006, the Pequot Library invested in a restoration project to address the condition of the elaborate metalwork set throughout their stacks. Robert Robertson designed each shelf in the library to be supported by cast iron structures. Each row of shelving is framed by columns and the stairways linking the two storeys are made with balusters of garlands and vines in copper plated cast iron. During the course of restoration, over 6,000 metal pieces were individually treated. The project was carried out by Newmans' Ltd.
Education
Eagle Hill School-Southport, a private day school for children with learning disabilities, has been located since 1985 in the former Pequot School in Southport. The historic school building was earlier acquired by the Southport Conservancy to save it from demolition.
Southport is served by the Fairfield Public Schools. Southport is home to Mill Hill Elementary School, although children in some areas considered part of the Southport neighborhood but outside the census tract attend Timothy Dwight Elementary School. Both Mill Hill and Dwight Schools feed into Roger Ludlowe Middle School, Tomlinson Middle School and Fairfield Ludlowe High School.
Transportation
The main arterial road in the area, the Post Road (US Route 1), runs through Southport, connecting it to other towns along the Connecticut coast. Interstate 95 also passes through Southport, with two exits located in the neighborhood. Southport is also served by the New Haven Line of the Metro-North Commuter Railroad at Southport Railroad Station, with frequent trains to New Haven and New York City. Limited bus service is provided by the Greater Bridgeport Transit Authority.
Notable people
The following are among the notable people who have lived in Southport:
James Truslow Adams, historian and writer
John Akers, former chief executive officer of IBM
Anatole Broyard, author
Ina Garten, celebrity cook and author
Jeffrey Garten, economic adviser and author
Don Imus, radio personality
Richard Clarida, Vice Chairman of the Federal Reserve, Economist
Kenton Clarke, CEO, Computer Consulting Associates International Inc.
Samuel J. Palmisano, former chief executive officer of IBM
Jason Robards, actor, producer and director
Thomas Lambard Robinson, newspaper publisher
Ira Dever Warner, inventor, founder of Warner Corset Company
Jack Welch, former CEO General Electric
Movies filmed in Southport
Revolutionary Road (2007)
And So It Goes (2014)
References
External links
The Southport Conservancy (organization for preservation and restoration of historic properties in Southport)
The Southport Globe (a website focused on the community)
The Southport Picture File (a collection of 800 historical photos compiled by historian V. Louise Higgins. Housed at Pequot Library and accessible online.)
Living in Southport, Conn. (New York Times photo collection)
Brilvitch, Charles. 1977. Walking Through History. The Seaports of Black Rock and Southport. Fairfield Historical Society.
Fairfield, Connecticut
Neighborhoods in Connecticut
Populated coastal places in Connecticut
Census-designated places in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Census-designated places in Connecticut
May 14 - Eastern Orthodox Church calendar - May 16
All fixed commemorations below celebrated on May 28 by Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar.
For May 15th, Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar commemorate the Saints listed on May 2.
Saints
The Seven Apostolic Men, Martyr Bishops, ordained in Rome by Saints Peter and Paul and sent to evangelize Spain (1st century):
Saints Torquatus, Ctesiphon, Secundus, Indaletius, Caecilius, Hesychius, and Euphrasius
Saint Achillios, Bishop of Larissa (330)
Saint Pachomius the Great, founder of cenobitic monasticism (348)
Saint Silvanus of Tabennisi (in the Thebaid) (4th century)
Saint Barbarus the Myrrh-gusher of Greece (c. 820 - 829)
Saint Panegyrios of Cyprus (Panigerios, Panegyrius), Wonderworker of Malounta
Pre-Schism Western saints
Martyrs Cassius, Victorinus, Maximus, and their companions, in the Auvergne in France (c. 264)
Martyr Simplicius, Bishop, in Sardinia (c. 284-305)
Virgin recluse Caesarea of Otranto
Saint Hilary of Galeata (Hilary of Tuscany), founder of the monastery called Galeata, later known as Sant'Ilaro (Sant'Ellero di Galeata) (558)
Saint Colmán of Oughaval (Colman mac Ua Laoighse, Colman Mc O'Laoighse), a disciple of St Columba and St Fintan of Clonenagh (6th century)
Virgin-martyr Dymphna of Geel, Flanders (c. 650)
Saint Waldalenus, founder of monastery of Bèze in France (7th century)
Saint Bercthun (Bertin), a disciple of St John of Beverley and first Abbot of Beverley in England (733)
Saint Bertha of Bingen (c. 757), and her son Saint Rupert of Bingen (732)
Post-Schism Orthodox saints
Saint Isaiah of Rostov, Bishop and Wonderworker (1090)
Saint Isaiah of the Kiev Caves, wonderworker (1115)
Saint Andrew the Hermit, of Mt. Kalana, Epirus, wonderworker (c. 1237 - 1271)
of Nerekhta, abbot (1384), and Saint Silvanus of Nerekhta (1384)
Saint Euphrosynus of Pskov (Eleazar), abbot and wonderworker (1481)
Saint Serapion of Pskov, disciple of St Euphrosynus of Pskov (1481)
Saint Pachomius of Keno Lake Monastery (1525)
Saint Demetrius of Moscow the Wonderworker, Slain Crown Prince (1591)
Saint Arethas of Valaam and Verkhoturye (1903)
New martyrs and confessors
New Hieromartyrs:
Archbishop Pachomius (Kedrov) of Chernigov (1938),
his brother, Archbishop Abercius (Kedrov) of Zhitomir (1937),
their father, Priest Nicholas Kedrov (1936),
their brother-in-law, Priest Vladimir Zagarsky (1937)
Other commemorations
Discovery of the revered icon of Kamoulianos "Acheiropoieta" ("made without human hands").
Translation of the sacred relics of the Holy Apostle Titus of Crete, from Venice (which had taken the relics in 1669), back to the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Crete (1966)
Uncovering of the relics (1846) of Saint Tikhon, Bishop of Voronezh, wonderworker of Zadonsk (1783)
Icon gallery
Notes
References
Sources
May. Self-Ruled Antiochian Orthodox Christian Archdiocese of North America.
May 15/28. Orthodox Calendar (PRAVOSLAVIE.RU).
May 28 / May 15. HOLY TRINITY RUSSIAN ORTHODOX CHURCH (A parish of the Patriarchate of Moscow).
May 15. OCA - The Lives of the Saints.
Complete List of Saints. Protection of the Mother of God Church (POMOG).
May 15. Latin Saints of the Orthodox Patriarchate of Rome.
May 15. The Roman Martyrology.
Greek Sources
Great Synaxaristes: 15 ΜΑΪΟΥ . ΜΕΓΑΣ ΣΥΝΑΞΑΡΙΣΤΗΣ.
Συναξαριστής. 15 Μαΐου. ECCLESIA.GR. (H ΕΚΚΛΗΣΙΑ ΤΗΣ ΕΛΛΑΔΟΣ).
Russian Sources
28 мая (15 мая). Православная Энциклопедия под редакцией Патриарха Московского и всея Руси Кирилла (электронная версия). (Orthodox Encyclopedia - Pravenc.ru).
15 мая (ст.ст.) 28 мая 2013 (нов. ст.). Русская Православная Церковь Отдел внешних церковных связей. (DECR).
May in the Eastern Orthodox calendar
Bryn Station () is a railway station on the Trunk Line located in the Bryn neighborhood of the Gamle Oslo borough of Oslo, Norway. Situated from Oslo Central Station, it features two platforms. The Loenga–Alnabru Line passes through the station without a platform. Bryn is served by the L1 line of Vy's Oslo Commuter Rail.
The station was opened on 1 September 1854, but was originally only a halt to test brakes. Ticket sales commenced in 1858. A new, brick station building was erected in 1884. A new wooden station building was finished on the north side in 1902, designed by and is one of Norway's nine first stations. The original building, designed by Finn Ivar Andreas Knudsen. The station has been proposed redeveloped as a major transit hub for eastern Oslo.
History
When the Trunk Line opened as the first railway in Norway on 1 September 1854, Bryn was merely a halt used to test brakes for west-bound trains towards Christiania. The station was named for the farm Bryn, which means "natural meadow". It was not classified as a station, but it was therefore possible to board and disembark in that direction. From 2 June 1856 trains in both direction stopped at Bryn. In the third year of operations the railway built a spur from the halt. Bryn received a ticket office the following year and in about 1860 it was fully classified as a station.
The area saw a rapid industrialization with the arrival of the railway, helped by the falls in Alna. Soon afterwards housing started being built in the area. The original wooden station building at Bryn was demolished, and replaced with a new in brick in 1884.
By the 1890s the Trunk Line was experiencing sufficient traffic that the railway company decided to built double track on the line from Christiania to Lillestrøm Station. At the same time a new freight line, the Loenga–Alnabru Line, was constructed and met up with the Trunk Line at Bryn. This forced the need for a new station building on the opposite, north side of the tracks, which opened in 1902. The former station building was kept and used as a residence for the station master. At the same time the two roads which crossed the tracks as level crossings were replaced with bridges. With the upgrades a simple interlocking system was installed.
The Østensjø Line of the Oslo Tramway opened past Bryn in 1923. The railway past the station was electrified from on 1 September 1927. The station received a complete interlocking system from 23 April 1939. The tram line was converted to a metro line in 1966. Bryn Station received centralized traffic control from 24 January 1972, allowing it to be unmanned from 1 July 1975.
Facilities
Bryn Station is situated from Oslo Central Station, at an elevation of above mean sea level. The station is located at the top of a hill, Brynsbakken, which represents a steep climb for all west-bound freight trains. The wooden station building was designed by Finn Ivar Andreas Knudsen. Across from the station building is a brick Swiss chalet style building which previously served as a station master's residence. It is now the headquarters of the Norwegian Railway Club.
The line past Bryn is double track and electrified. The station features two platforms, both long. They are tall, respectively. A third track, the Loenga–Alnabru Line, passes through the station, but there are no platforms along that track. It is only used by freight trains. Platform 1 is universally accessible. Track 2 has access via an overpass which also carries Adolf Hedins vei. This road concurrently carries E6 and Ring 3.
Service
The Norwegian State Railways serves Grorud with line L1 of the Oslo Commuter Rail. L1 calls at all stations, running from Lillestrøm Station along the Trunk Line past Grorud to Oslo Central Station and then along the Drammen Line to Asker Station before serving the Spikkestad Line and terminating at Spikkestad Station. Grorud has four trains per direction per hour. Travel time is 4 minutes to Oslo Central Station and 25 minutes to Lillestrøm. Brynseng Station of the Oslo Metro is situated within five minutes' walk of Bryn. The area is also served by Ruter's bus line 23. Bryn is within fare zone 1.
Future
The National Rail Administration and Ruter have in their Oslo Hub reports identified Bryn as one of three main public transit hubs they wish to develop. The area already features a metro station which covers three metro lines, Østensjø, Lambertseter and Furuset, although the two stations to not have easy access to each other. The railway station has poor access and narrow platforms. An upgrade of the station has been called for, in which the tracks would be moved closer to the river and an island platform established. It could have access from Østensjøveien. Establishing a new hub at Bryn would not only involve several new lines terminating there, but would also require a significant urban renewal of the area.
Oslo Bus Terminal has reached its capacity and Ruter wants to decentralize this function. Due to the vicinity to Ring 3 and E6, Bryn has been identified as a suitable location for a south-easterly bus terminal. The Romerike Tunnel passes straight under the metro station. It has been built in such a way that it can easily be rebuilt to feature an underground railway station, situated below street level. Ruter is also working with plans to rebuild Ring 2 as a tramway and build a tram line from Carl Berners plass. In addition they have proposed a tram line from Bryn to Økern and Sinsen.
The 2.6 percent gradient of Brynsbakken makes it difficult to achieve effective freight operations to Alnabru Freight Terminal. The Norwegian National Rail Administration is exploring various concepts to build a new line which connects to the Østfold Line, bypassing Brynsbakken and Bryn Station. This has been named the Bryn Diagonal. Beyond determining that such a connection will not be tied to the new Follo Line, no decision has yet been made.
References
Bibliography
Railway stations in Oslo
Railway stations on the Trunk Line
Railway stations opened in 1854
1854 establishments in Norway
The 2015 Poznań Open was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the twelfth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2015 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place at the Park Tenisowy Olimpia in Poznań, Poland from 11 to 19 July 2015, including the qualifying competition in the first two days. The tournament had its prize money increased to €64,000 + Hospitality, and thus offered 100 ATP ranking points for singles and doubles winners.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Victor Vlad Cornea
Andriej Kapaś
Hubert Hurkacz
Michał Dembek
The following players received entry as a special exempt:
Pere Riba
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Maxim Dubarenco
Rogério Dutra Silva
Axel Michon
Artem Smirnov
The following player received entry as an lucky loser into the singles main draw:
Michal Konečný
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Pedro Sousa →replaced by Franko Škugor
Alexander Zverev →replaced by Grzegorz Panfil
Aslan Karatsev →replaced by Jan Šátral
During the tournament
Paul-Henri Mathieu
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Victor Vlad Cornea / Karol Drzewiecki
Michał Dembek / Viktor Kostin
Hubert Hurkacz / Jan Zieliński
The following pair received entry from the qualifying draw:
Michal Konečný / Petr Michnev
Champions
Singles
Pablo Carreño Busta def. Radu Albot, 6–4, 6–4
Doubles
Michail Elgin / Mateusz Kowalczyk def. Julio Peralta / Matt Seeberger, 3–6, 6–3, [10–6]
Notes
References
External links
Official Website
ATP Challenger Tour
Poznań Open
Poznań Open
Poz
Somerset Community College (SCC) is a public community college in Somerset, Kentucky. It is part of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System (KCTCS). The college offers academic, general education, and technical curricula leading to certificates, diplomas, and associate's degrees. Somerset Community College is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS).
History
The 2002 consolidation of Laurel Technical College, Somerset Community College, and Somerset Technical College produced a comprehensive community and technical college whose beginning reaches back to 1940. Originally a part of the University of Kentucky's Community College System, Somerset Community College opened in 1965 with approximately 300 students on a single campus in Somerset, Kentucky. The college extended its campus east to London, Kentucky and south to Whitley City, Kentucky in 1992. The college operated an off-campus program in several surrounding counties before 1992, but the Laurel Center in London and the McCreary Center in Whitley City were the first two permanent centers outside Somerset Community College's original Pulaski County, Kentucky home. The Russell Center in Russell Springs, Kentucky opened in 2003 and the Clinton Center in Albany, Kentucky opened in 2004. In January 2007, SCC opened a branch campus in Casey County (Liberty, Kentucky).
Laurel Technical College began in London, Kentucky in 1971 as a vocational school governed by the Kentucky Department of Education. The school added a post-secondary component in 1985 and began offering programs designed to teach adult learners both academic and technical skills.
Somerset Technical College began in 1940 under the Somerset Board of Education's control. Originally named the Somerset Vocational School, the institution came under Kentucky Department of Education governance in 1970. The school offered Kentucky's first publicly supported aviation maintenance program, and began accepting post-secondary students in 1970.
Service area
The primary service area of SCC includes:
Casey County
Clay County
Clinton County
Laurel County
McCreary County
Pulaski County
Rockcastle County
Russell County
Wayne County
Whitley County
Campuses
Somerset Community College serves students on two campuses and four centers in south-central Kentucky. The college offers distance learning opportunities through online classes, televised courses, and courses at off-campus sites throughout southern Kentucky. In academic year 2006-2007 Somerset Community College served 6,319 students from 77 of Kentucky's 120 counties.
Notable students and alumni
Tara Conner, Miss USA 2006
References
External links
Official website
Buildings and structures in Pulaski County, Kentucky
Kentucky Community and Technical College System
Educational institutions established in 2002
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
Education in Pulaski County, Kentucky
Education in Laurel County, Kentucky
Buildings and structures in Laurel County, Kentucky
Education in Casey County, Kentucky
Education in Clinton County, Kentucky
Education in McCreary County, Kentucky
Education in Russell County, Kentucky
2002 establishments in Kentucky
Todd Asalon is a former American baseball coach and catcher. He played college baseball at Northern Kentucky for coach Bill Aker from 1980 to 1983. He served as the head coach of the Thomas More Saints (1995–2000) and the Northern Kentucky Norse (2001–2021).
Coaching career
Asalon became a college coach in 1991 as an assistant for the Northern Kentucky Norse baseball program.
In 1995, Asalon became the head coach of Thomas More College.
After becoming the head coach of the Norse in 2001, Asalon won his first Great Lakes Valley Conference (GLVC) Coach of the Year Award in 2002. Asalon repeated as GLVC Coach of the Year in 2006. Asalon achieved his third GLVC Coach of the Year in 2009. Asalon was awarded his 4th GLVC Coach of the Year in 2010.
In 2013, the Norse moved to NCAA Division I as members of the Atlantic Sun Conference.
Just before the start of the 2021 season, Asalong announced that he would be retiring from coaching at the conclusion of the season.
Head coaching record
References
External links
Northern Kentucky Norse bio
Living people
Baseball catchers
Northern Kentucky Norse baseball players
Northern Kentucky Norse baseball coaches
Thomas More Saints baseball coaches
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Battle of Cascina was an engagement between Pisan and Florentine troops on 28 July 1364 near Cascina, modern-day Italy. Florence's victory followed a recent defeat to Pisan forces that had enabled mercenary John Hawkwood, who was in command of the Pisan army, to occupy the Valdinievole, Prato en route to Florence. Hawkwood and his army looted the lucrative Mugello region and Pistoia before proceeding towards Florence. Hawkwood fought alongside Hanneken von Baumgarten and had 3,000 men-at-arms at his disposal.
Florence's defenses were organized by Enrico di Monforte. In addition to the city's garrison, Florence hired 11,000 infantrymen and 4,000 knights and placed them under the command of Galeotto Malatesta, as Pandolfo II Malatesta had recently been relieved of his command. Malatesta's forces engaged the Pisan contingent in the commune of San Savino to the southeast of Cascina, and gained a clear victory in the engagement.
Pisan forces incurred thousands of casualties in the battle and at least 2,000 Pisan soldiers were captured. Malatesta's victory is credited to his flexible tactics and efficacious deployment of forces, including 400 crossbowmen under the command of Ricceri Grimaldi.
The dynamics
As reported in the chronicle of Filippo Villani, on 28 July, the Florentine army under the command of Galeotto Malatesta advanced to Cascina a few miles from Pisa. The road was open, but the temperature was unbearable. The armor of the warriors had become burning hot in the blazing sun; many removed their armor to bathe in the Arno River. The elderly Malatesta, convalescing from fever, succumbed to an afternoon nap, leaving the camp unguarded and the defense disorganized. Pisan spies reported the situation to their commander, the cunning John Hawkwood (Giovanni l'Acuto). Hawkwood's forces were outnumbered three to one, so he decided his best chance of victory was to launch a surprise attack while the enemy was unprepared.
However, Manno Donati and his friend Bonifacio Lupi, Marquis of Soragna had organised the Florentine defences by the time the Pisans approached. At their request, Malatesta had delegated the two officers to perform the task. The two men prepared an advance guard on the main road to Pisa, in view of Abbey of San Savino: a group of armed Aretine and Florentine soldiers, flanked by 400–600 Genoese crossbowmen of Ricceri Grimaldi.
Hawkwood met the Florentine forces with three skirmishes to assess the strength of the defence and determine the direction of attack. Hawkwood, though, waited till the sun turned in his favor to dazzle the enemy and the wind got up from the sea to bring the dust of battle in the face of the Florentines. However, two problems contributed to his defeat; the distance of the road between the two armies was longer than calculated, minimizing the surprise; and the oppressive heat made kilns of his armored fighters, who were mostly of English and German origin, not used to fighting at that temperature.
At the time of the attack, the Pisan army's front line comprised a vanguard of Hawkwood's own English knights, followed by Pisan infantry and then by the bulk of the cavalry, temporarily dismounted. The rapid assault of the vanguard brought the English into the Florentine camp, with the improvised Florentine forward-defense quickly collapsing. However, the Florentines contained the impact, which failed to break the mass of defenders. Manno Donati and his companions left the field and attacked the Pisans on the right flank. The Florentines' German cavalry, led by Enrico di Monforte, slowed down the attack and punched through the lines to the rear of Pisan forces, reaching the baggage train. Meanwhile, the Genoese crossbowmen in the Florentine army, lurking among ruined buildings, and in the rough terrain, targeted the Pisans.
Hawkwood quickly realized that the surprise attack had failed and, to minimise losses to his company, withdrew the bulk of his Englishmen up to the walls of San Savino. The masses of Pisan foot-soldiers were then suddenly left to themselves, becoming the subject of violent counterattack by the Florentines. The surrounding countryside became the scene of a fierce hunt of the broken body of Pisan infantrymen, now fugitive and defenseless. The road to Pisa was cleared: the city was at hand. But Malatesta was not prepared for so complete a victory and despite being asked by many to continue to the conquest of Pisa, he preferred to stop and consolidate his army. He gathered troops and collected prisoners, while Hawkwood's Englishmen took refuge in the Abbey of San Savino, where many of them died from their wounds.
The next day the Pisans sought the dead and wounded scattered in the countryside. Many bodies were seen floating in the Arno driven by the current towards Pisa. The day had produced more than 1,000 dead and 2,000 prisoners. Foreign prisoners were immediately released, but following custom, Pisan ones were taken to Florence.
Michelangelo painting of the battle
In 1504 Michelangelo Buonarroti was commissioned by Pier Soderini to complete a celebrative fresco depicting the Battle of Cascina, to be placed in the Florentine Room of the Great Council (or Salone dei Cinquecento) of Palazzo Vecchio while Leonardo da Vinci was commissioned to complete another painting on the opposite wall to celebrate the equally important Florentine victory at the 1440 Battle of Anghiari.
Neither picture now exists. Michelangelo never executed his, and Leonardo's was irretrievably ruined soon after being completed because of the innovative, but disastrous, painting method adopted by the artist. However, a number of studies for Michelangelo's work do exist, and he completed a full-size cartoon of the intended composition.
Michelangelo prepared his cartoon in a hospital room of the Sant'Onofrio Dyers after payment of a monthly salary. The subject is the beginning of the battle, when the overheated Florentine soldiers, having divested themselves of their armor, are swimming in the Arno river. The soldiers are depicted leaping from the river and buckling on their armor on hearing the trumpet warning them of the imminent Pisan attack. This subject allowed Michelangelo to depict a group of naked bodies in contrapposto.
Though the original cartoon is lost, having allegedly been cut up by Michelangelo's rival Baccio Bandinelli, a number of copies exist, along with an engraving by Marcantonio Raimondi.
See also
Battle of Anghiari (painted by Leonardo da Vinci)
History of Florence
Cascina
Michelangelo Buonarroti
References
1364 in Europe
History of Pisa
14th century in the Republic of Florence
Cascina
Cascina
Cascina
Cascina
HMS K17 was a British K class submarine built by Vickers in Barrow-in-Furness.
Design
Like all British K-class submarines, the submarine had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. The boat had a total length of , a beam of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two oil-fired Yarrow Shipbuilders boilers and one geared Brown-Curtis or Parsons steam turbine; this developed 10,500 ship horsepower (7,800 kW) to drive two screws. The hull contained four electric motors each producing . The vessel was also fitted with a diesel engine providing to be used when steam was being generated.
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a submerged speed of . The boat could operate at depths of at for . The vessels armament comprised a anti-aircraft gun, ten torpedo tubes, and two deck guns. The torpedo tubes were fitted to the bows, the midship section, and two were mounted on the deck. Its complement was fifty-nine crew members.
Loss
K17 was sunk on 31 January 1918 during the night time fleet exercises later known as the Battle of May Island (Operation E.C.1) when she was attached to the 13th Submarine Flotilla. ploughed into K17 at the head of a line of submarines. She sank in about 8 minutes with the loss of all hands. The wreck is designated as a protected place under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986.
References
Bibliography
External links
wrecksite.eu : HMS K-17
Ships built in Barrow-in-Furness
British K-class submarines
Protected Wrecks of Scotland
World War I shipwrecks in the North Sea
British submarine accidents
Maritime incidents in 1918
Ships sunk in collisions
1918 in Scotland
Royal Navy ship names
1917 ships
Job Evans Stevenson (February 10, 1832 – July 24, 1922) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1869 to 1873,
Early life and career
Born in Yellow Bud, Ohio, Stevenson completed preparatory studies.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar and commenced the practice of his profession in Chillicothe, Ohio.
He also engaged in agricultural pursuits.
He served as member of the Ohio Senate 1863-1865.
He served as solicitor of Chillicothe 1859-1862.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1864 to the Thirty-ninth Congress.
He moved to Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1865.
Congress
He was elected as a Republican to the Forty-first and Forty-second Congresses (March 4, 1869 – March 3, 1873).
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of law in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Resided in Lexington and Corinth, Kentucky.
He died in Corinth, Kentucky, July 24, 1922.
He was interred in Yellow Bud Cemetery, Yellow Bud, Ohio.
Sources
1832 births
1922 deaths
Politicians from Chillicothe, Ohio
Politicians from Cincinnati
Ohio state senators
Ohio lawyers
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Józefów () is a town in east-central Poland, located in Masovian Voivodeship, in Otwock County. It lies about southeast of Warsaw city centre and is a part of that city's metropolitan area. Located on a picturesque confluence of Vistula and Świder rivers, it is home to one landscape reserve and three natural reservation zones. it had 18,157 inhabitants.
Gallery
References
External links
Jewish Community in Józefów on Virtual Shtetl
Museums and historical monuments at Józefów homepage.
Cities and towns in Masovian Voivodeship
Otwock County
Warsaw Governorate
Warsaw Voivodeship (1919–1939)
The Cypriot national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Cyprus controlled by Cyprus Football Association.
Results and fixtures
2022 UEFA European Under-19 Championship
Qualifiers
Qualifying Round – Group 4
Current squad
The following players were called up for 2016 UEFA European Under-19 Championship qualification matches against Luxembourg U19, Poland U19 and Bulgaria U19 on 11, 13 and 6 November 2015.
Caps and goals are correct as of 16 November 2015, after match against Bulgaria U19.
See also
Cyprus national football team
Cyprus national under-21 football team
Cyprus national under-17 football team
European Under-19 Football Championship
References
External links
CFA.COM.CY U19 - Cyprus Football Association Official Page
UEFA.COM - Cyprus U19 National Team
European national under-19 association football teams
under-19
Alice Carbone Tench is an Italian-born writer, journalist, and chef based in Los Angeles.
Career
In 2010, after graduating from college in Foreign Languages and Literatures from the University of Turin (Italy), and after working as a translator and interpreter in her hometown of Avigliana (Turin, Italy), she moved to Los Angeles. Shortly after her arrival, she began her career as a journalist and foreign correspondent for several Italian magazines, including Vanity Fair, the Italian news agency ANSA and the online magazine Fine Dining Lovers.
In 2011, she started a blog, Wonderland Mag, to share her American experience with friends and family in Italy. The blog evolved into source material for a book.
In 2012, she had a life-changing meeting with Leonard Cohen with whom she soon shared a manager; the two sponsored her for an O-1B artist visa so that she could write in America. Her debut novel, The Sex Girl, was published by Rare Bird Books in July 2015.
From 2013 to 2015, she hosted the interview podcast Coffee with Alice that featured guests such as Benmont Tench, Jackson Browne, Moby, Bill Pullman, Janet Fitch, Mike Campbell, Phil Hendrie, and many more. Carbone Tench interviewed George Christie, one of the most notorious and controversial figures in the Hells Angels.
After hundreds of rejections from book agents, Carbone Tench decided to go beyond books and steer her career in another direction. That's how Instagram to Table was born. This platform (blog, conversations, entertainment, and Inspiration), together with her popular Instagram Live stories, is an ever-changing space for exchange and communication with her readers and followers.
In the summer of 2019, Carbone Tench began to develop a format to bring Making Sense of Reality to television, radio, and live venues, and during the process she increasingly turned to food and cooking as a medium to express the need for community, her Italian heritage, and a sense of culinary self-care that helped her heal from her eating disorder and find her natural way of communicating.
Alice's cookbook-memoir "Eating Again, The Recipes that Healed Me" published in February 2022 with Heliotrope Books. The book earned a "PW Picks Book of the Week" from industry trade publication Publishers Weekly, which called the book a "stellar debut."
Media appearances
Carbone Tench was featured on Vogue Italia on June 23, 2015), in an article about strong women who leave their native country to follow a dream.
She was interviewed for The Huffington Post by David Henry Sterry on July 30, 2015, discussing her debut novel, her writing process in her second language, and her journey of recovery.
Personal life
She lives in Los Angeles with her husband Benmont Tench (keyboardist and founding member of Tom Petty and The Heartbreakers) and their daughter, Catherine Gabriella Winter.
Carbone has publicly discussed her history of eating disorders, depression, alcoholism and drug addiction. She is an advocate for recovery and empowering women to be comfortable in their bodies, and find their worth away from the mirror.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Italian expatriates in the United States
21st-century Italian journalists
21st-century American journalists
Italian bloggers
Women bloggers
American bloggers
Italian women novelists
David Robert Jones may refer to:
David Robert Jones (musician) (1947–2016), English singer and actor, known professionally as David Bowie
David R. Jones (biologist) (1941–2010), Anglo‐Canadian zoologist
David Robert Jones (Fringe), fictional antagonist of the science-fiction television series
See also
David Jones (disambiguation)
Mats Olof Jingblad (born 9 August 1958) is a Swedish football coach and former footballer who played as a striker.
Club career
Jingblad played for BK Astrio and Halmstads BK. He made a total of 216 appearances for Halmstads BK.
International career
Jingblad represented Sweden 11 times, scoring 8 goals.
Management career
Jingblad started his managing career at Halmstads BK, where we won the Svenska Cupen in 1995. In 1996 he joined IFK Göteborg and won the league title the same year. In 2007 he coached IFK Norrköping to promotion to the Swedish top division.
In late 2013 he was announced as the new sporting director of Hammarby in the second tier in Sweden. He left the club in early 2017, with the club having achieved promotion to the Swedish top division in 2014.
In the summer of 2018 he took over as coach for fifth tier BK Astrio, the club where he once started his career as a player.
Career statistics
International
International goals
Sweden's score is listed first.
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
Sweden under-21 international footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Association football forwards
Allsvenskan players
Halmstads BK players
Swedish football managers
Halmstads BK managers
IFK Göteborg managers
Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C. managers
Örebro SK managers
Landskrona BoIS managers
IFK Norrköping managers
Expatriate football managers in Greece
Hammarby Fotboll directors and chairmen
Sportspeople from Halmstad
Sportspeople from Halland County
The rusty-crowned babbler (Sterrhoptilus capitalis) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is native to the southern Philippines.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
rusty-crowned babbler
Birds of Mindanao
rusty-crowned babbler
rusty-crowned babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Newtown Flicks Short Film Festival is held annually in and around the Sydney suburb of Newtown, Australia. Established as a non-profit organization in 2006.
The festival was the brainchild of Martin Kelly, Bill Jordan and Spiros Hristias, who discovered a mutual love of film while operating equipment in the bio box of New Theatre, a live performance venue in Newtown. Over coffees in local cafes, they developed the festival's name and logo, its aims (to support emerging filmmakers and showcase their works) and awards categories. After setting up the enterprise with their own money, they looked for outside sponsorship. The major sponsor since 2006 has been JVC Professional, donors of filmmaking equipment. The JVC encouragement award is presented to a filmmaker showing potential not yet fully realised. Cash prizes are offered in the other categories together with bags for audio-visual accessories made by Crumpler and statuettes made by a local arts collective.
Over the years Newtown Flicks have received grants from City of Sydney and Screen NSW; Newtown Flicks became a national film festival in 2009.
Past judges have included critic Garry Maddox, writer Phillip Gwynne, stuntman Grant Page and actors Mark Lee and Genevieve Lemon. Design of the statuettes and posters changes with each festival.
With Newtown Flicks now in its 6th year, and currently calling for entries up until 6 July 2012, their focus is on encouraging filmmakers with fewer opportunities by providing a festival and associated network for aspiring and emerging Australian artists. They also provide ongoing opportunities for the screening and touring of their work.
Bruce Beresford, the Academy Award-winning director of Driving Miss Daisy and Maoʼs Last Dancer, is now the patron for the 2012 Festival.
2006 Festival
Held at the New Theatre between 15–17 April
Winners
2007 Festival
Held at the Newtown Theatre between 30 March - 1 May
Winners
2008 Festival
Held at the Pact Theatre between 20 May – 1 June
Winners
2009 Festival
In May 2009 Newtown Flicks Short Film Festival returned to the New Theatre, where the judging panel was led by twice Academy Award-nominated director Bruce Beresford.
Winners
2010 Festival
In June 2010 Newtown Flicks Short Film Festival landed at the Pact Theater, where the judging panel was led by twice Academy Award-nominated director Bruce Beresford.
Winners
Notable Participants
In addition to showcasing the future of the Australian film industry, the following industry personalities have been involved with Newtown Flicks :
• Bruce Beresford - director (Driving Miss Daisy, Puberty Blues, Double Jeopardy, Mao's Last Dancer)
• Mark Lee - actor (Gallipoli, Sahara)
• Grant Page - stuntman (Mad Max, The Pact)
• Genevieve Lemon - actor/singer (The Piano, Holy Smoke!, Billy Elliot)
External links
Newtown Flicks website
Film festivals in Sydney
Short film festivals in Australia
T.Agaram or Thiru malai Agaram is located 1 km from Pennadam towards North Direction rich in production of Sugarcane, Paddy and Dairy. T.Agaram is divided into east and west. Casteist Hindu Dwell in T. Agaram East & Scheduled Caste People dwell in T. Agaram West. T.Agaram is a cultural and traditional village.
Temples
One ancient Sivan temple is located at T.Agaram.
Eminent Tamil Scholar "Poomalai Teacher" was born in T.Agaram
"Veeranar temple located in the east guarding the village from evils"
"The primary school in the village was donated to the Tamilnadu government by Nallasiriyar Chinnasamy padayachi"
Shri Sudarkozhundeesar temple of Pennadam/T.Agaram
The Shiva temple in the village of Pennadam or Pennagadam in Tamil Nadu, India, is the shrine of Sudarkozhundisar or Kadanthai Nathar. The Shiva here is also known as Pralayakaleshwara. His consort is known as Kadanthai Nayaki and Amodhana Ambikai. Because its mythology connects it with the events of the Great Flood.
Like many of the ancient temples it is known by several names, like Tungaanai Maadam and Kadanthai. According to the inscriptions found in this temple it is one of 78 shrines build by the legendary Chola king Kocengannan. This king is only known from legends and Tamil texts from the Sangam age (approximately the centuries just before and after CE). The main shrine belongs architecturally to the Early Chola period. It is a vimana (garbhagriha=sanctum plus the roof) in the form of an elephant's back which is called a Gajapristhakara. Normally in South Indian shrines the vehicle of a deity (which is a symbol of the deity) faces towards the sanctum. Here the sacred bull Nandi, the vehicle of Shiva here called Prathosha Nandidevar or Adikara-Nandi, faces away from the sanctum. The myth of the temple (the sthala purana) tells that when the primordial flood was about to wipe away Pennadam Shiva instructed Nandi to turn around and swallow all the water, thus saving the temple and the people of this place. Other mythological figures connected with this temple are Kamadhenu, the wishing cow, Airavatha, the elephant vehicle of Indra, king of the gods. It is also associated with the act of Shiva swallowing the poison which came up from the Milky Ocean when it was churned by the Devas and Asuras. A subsidiary shrine dedicated to Shiva as Javanteeswarar has been built on an artificial hill. A hundred steps lead to the top.
Villages in Cuddalore district
The Mantawi Festival is an annual festival celebrated every on May 7th in Mandaue City in Cebu, Philippines.
History
The city of Mandaue and the festival is named after a tree that grew abundantly in the shores of the Cebu. The cove was founded by Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan on April 7th, 1521 while in search for food and supplies. On the island a settlement was then built. The discovery of the cove, present day Tipolo, brought about the establishment of the first drydocking facility in the islands. In 1565, the Spanish explorer Miguel López de Legazpi arrived in the Philippines five decades after the Magellan expedition and built the Philippines' first drydock on the shores of Tipolo, about a few meters from the San Miguel Brewery Complex. The drydock was built by the facility served the Galleon ships that established trade with Mexico and Spain. From that beginning, Mandaue emerged as the industrial hub of the southern Philippines, the city of Mandaue.
Festival
The founding of the settlement Mandawe on April 7th, 1521, has historical value and significance in the history of Cebu. In order to commemorate the city's foundation, a festival was conceptualized and came to be known as the Mantawi Festival.
The festival was a project started by the former mayor of Mandaue City. It was first celebrated on the 33rd charter day celebration of Mandaue, August 30th, 2002. The next year, the day of the festival was changed to the last Sunday of August since it overwhelmed the city's charter day celebration the year before. In 2004, the festival was stopped due to organizational problems.
In 2005 the date was again moved to May 7th to coincide with the city's fiesta celebration.
The festival is a symbol of Mandaue City's history. Its historical past affirms its present identity as a highly urbanized industrial center and a new tourism destination where arts and culture become tools for progress and prosperity. The highlight of the festival is a parade of street dancers and dioramas showcasing the history and culture of Mandaue accompanied by brass instruments. Industries in the city join in on the celebration with their creatively crafted floats. Other participants range from government officials, teachers and students. In 2005, the festival was opened for participation from places outside Cebu. The festival also includes the parade of higantes (giants)--The people who shaped the present Mandaue City. The festival culminates in the awarding of the winners of the street dance and float competition followed by a grand fireworks display.
Historical accuracy
The questions about authenticity of Datu Lambuzzan, the said chieftain of Mandaue before the Spanish Period, were raised. As well as the existence of the vine or tree which they call Mantawi.
References
External links
Official Site of Mantawi Festival
Mandaue City Government's Official Website
Mandaue
Culture of Cebu
Fire and brimstone ( gafrit va'eish, ) is an idiomatic expression referring to God's wrath found in both the Hebrew Bible and the Christian New Testament. In the Bible, it often appears in reference to the fate of the unfaithful. Brimstone, an archaic term synonymous with sulfur, evokes the acrid odor of sulfur dioxide given off by lightning strikes. Lightning was understood as divine punishment by many ancient religions; the association of sulfur with divine retribution is common in the Bible.
The idiomatic English translation of "fire and brimstone" is found in the Christian King James Version translation of the Hebrew Bible and was also later used in the 1917 translation of the Jewish Publication Society. The 1857 Leeser translation of the Tanakh inconsistently uses both "sulfur" and "brimstone" to translate גׇּפְרִ֣ית וָאֵ֑שׁ. The translation used by the 1985 New JPS is "sulfurous fire" while the 1978 Christian New International Version translation uses "burning sulfur."
Used as an adjective, fire-and-brimstone often refers to a style of Christian preaching that uses vivid descriptions of judgment and eternal damnation to encourage repentance especially popular during historical periods of Great Awakening.
References in the Hebrew Bible
The Hebrew Bible both uses the phrase "fire and brimstone" in the context of divine punishment and purification. In Genesis 19, God destroys Sodom and Gomorrah with a rain of fire and brimstone (), and in Deuteronomy 29, the Israelites are warned that the same punishment would fall upon them should they abandon their covenant with God. Elsewhere, divine judgments involving fire and sulfur are prophesied against Assyria (Isaiah 30), Edom (Isaiah 34), Gog (Ezekiel 38), and all the wicked (Psalm 11).
The breath of God, in Isaiah 30:33, is compared to brimstone: "The breath of Yahweh, like a stream of brimstone, doth kindle it."
In Christianity
Fire and brimstone frequently appear as agents of divine wrath throughout the Christian Book of Revelation culminating in chapters 19–21, wherein Satan and the ungodly are cast into a lake of fire burning with brimstone (, limnēn tou pyros tēs kaiomenēs en thei). The fire appears in such passages as "eternal," not the body or souls of persons.
{| class="wikitable mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" style="width:100%"
|-
!colspan="2"|English translations of verses mentioning brimstone in Christian New Testament (KJV)
|-
! Location !! Text
|-
|Luke 17:29
|But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom it rained fire and brimstone from heaven, and destroyed them all.
|-
|Revelation 9:17
|And thus I saw the horses in the vision, and them that sat on them, having breastplates of fire, and of jacinth, and brimstone: and the heads of the horses were as the heads of lions; and out of their mouths issued fire and smoke and brimstone.
|-
|Revelation 9:18
|By these three was the third part of men killed, by the fire, and by the smoke, and by the brimstone, which issued out of their mouths.
|-
|Revelation 14:10
|The same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb:
|-
|Revelation 19:20
|And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.
|-
|Revelation 20:10
|And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.
|-
|Revelation 21:8
|But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.
|-
|Psalm 11:6
|Upon the wicked he shall rain snares, fire and brimstone, and an horrible tempest: this shall be the portion of their cup.
Islamic reference
The story of prophet Lot finds mention in several Qur'anic passages, especially Chapter 26 (Ash-Shu'ara):160-175 which reads: "The people of Lut rejected the apostles. Behold, their brother Lut said to them: "Will ye not fear (God)? "I am to you an apostle worthy of all trust. "So fear God and obey me. "No reward do I ask of you for it: my reward is only from the lord of the Worlds. "Of all the creatures in the world, will ye approach males, "And leave those whom God has created for you to be your mates? Nay, ye are a people transgressing (all limits)!" They said: "If thou desist not, O Lut! thou wilt assuredly be cast out!" He said: "I do detest your doings." "O my Lord! deliver me and my family from such things as they do!" So We delivered him and his family,- all Except an old woman who lingered behind. But the rest We destroyed utterly. We rained down on them a shower (of brimstone): and evil was the shower on those who were admonished (but heeded not)! Verily in this is a Sign: but most of them do not believe. And verily thy Lord is He, the Exalted in Might Most Merciful."
History
According to Josephus, "Now this country is then so sadly burnt up, that nobody cares to come at it;... It was of old a most happy land, both for the fruits it bore and the riches of its cities, although it is now all burnt up. It is related how for the impiety of its inhabitants, it was burnt by lightning; in consequence of which there are still the remainders of that divine fire; and the traces (or shadows) of the five cities are still to be seen,..." (The Jewish War, book IV, end of ch. 8, in reference to Sodom.)
Puritan preacher Thomas Vincent (an eyewitness of the Great Fire of London) authored a book called "Fire and Brimstone in Hell", first published in 1670. In it he quotes from Psalm 11:6 "Upon the wicked he shall rain snares, fire and brimstone, and a horrible tempest, this shall be the portion of their cup."
Preachers such as Jonathan Edwards and George Whitefield were referred to as "fire-and-brimstone preachers" during the First Great Awakening of the 1730s and 1740s. Edwards' "Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God" remains among the best-known sermons from this period. Reports of one occasion when Edwards preached it said that many of the audience burst out weeping, and others cried out in anguish or even fainted.
See also
Hellfire preaching
Afterlife
Fear of God
Hell
Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God
References
External links
The Straight Dope on Fire and Brimstone
Christian eschatology
Homiletics
Fire in religion
Sodom and Gomorrah
Sulfur
Hell (Christianity)
The Dresdner Anzeiger was probably the oldest, and in any case the longest (1730–1945) existing daily newspaper in Dresden.
The intellectual originator was the council auctioneer , who on 30 March 1730 petitioned the king and elector Augustus II the Strong to give him the privilege for a weekly pennysaver, a "Frage- und Antwort-Zettul". The background to this was that Crell had already been writing handwritten news as the first periodical publications in Dresden from 1714 onwards.
Even before a decision was made, the bookseller and pastor's son Gottlob Christian Hilscher (1705–1748) had also submitted a request to the King and Elector on 20 August 1730, and was also granted the privilege at short notice. On 1 September 1730, he published the paper Der Königl. Pohln. Churfürstl. Sächsischen Residentz-Stadt Dreßden Wöchentlicher Anzeiger oder Nachricht in the meantime called Dresdner Anzeigen (Dresden Advertisements), later abbreviated to Dresdner Anzeiger (Dresden Gazette), which was ostensibly an advertising journal, but – according to the first issue – also reported "what else is necessary and useful to know in common life". In this way, the tradition of the "Intelligenzzettel", which had developed around 1720, was integrated into the paper. Crell, the actual originator of the idea, collaborated for a while (which gradually turned the "Anzeiger" into an information and announcement organ of the Dresden Council). The Anzeiger was distributed by the Hilschersche Buchhandlung in the .
After Hilscher's death, the granted privilege went to various booksellers until Freiin von Schlichten inherited it in 1829. The managing power of attorney granted to his father in 1829 passed to his son in 1834: . The latter finally acquired the Dresdner Anzeiger in 1837, whose sole publisher he then became in 1839. Now the Dresdner Anzeiger finally became the official gazette of the city of Dresden.
Due to some strokes of fate, Güntz founded a private foundation under public law, the Güntz Foundation, to which he contributed the publishing privilege of the Dresdner Anzeiger and the proceeds of which fed the foundation.
After several changes of location, the Dresdner Anzeiger was published from 1900 onwards from its headquarters in Breite Straße. In 1943, it was forcibly merged by the Nazi authorities with the Dresdner Neuesten Nachrichten to form the , after the air raids on Dresden from 13 to 15 February 1945, the latter ceased publication. In 1951, the Güntz Foundation was also declared dissolved.
Further reading
Entry: Dresdner Anzeiger, in Folke Stimmel et al.: A–Z, Verlag der Kunst, Dresden 1994, , .
References
External links
Dresdner Anzeiger in Dresden wiki
German-language newspapers
Dresden
Publications established in 1730
Publications disestablished in 1945
Do Hoang Diem (Đỗ Hoàng Điềm, also known as Diem Do) is the current chairman of pro-democracy Việt Tân. He is a prominent leader in the Vietnamese democracy movement.
Early life and career
Do Hoang Diem graduated from the University of Houston with an MBA degree. Following business school, he worked as an executive in industries including banking, entertainment, health care and electronics.
Diem became very active in the Vietnamese American community. He served on the Vietnamese Professionals Society's first Board of Directors from 1991 to 1992, was a radio and TV talk show host for Little Saigon Broadcasting and was also a member of the Executive Board of the Vietnamese Community of Southern California. Most notably, as a member of the Vietnamese Public Affairs Committee (VPAC), a grassroots organization aiming to empower Vietnamese Americans, he testified numerous times in the United States Congress about human rights violations in Vietnam and US-Vietnam relations.
International advocacy
As chairman of Việt Tân, Do Hoang Diem meets with policymakers and non-governmental organizations in Canberra, Paris, Washington, D.C and other capitals.
Speaking before the Congressional Human Rights Caucus on May 10, 2007, Diem stated: "It is no longer the question of if democracy will triumph in Vietnam, but when." In his testimony, he recommended Congress to pressure the Vietnamese government to stop jamming Radio Free Asia broadcasts.
On May 29, 2007, chairman Do Hoang Diem was invited by US president George W. Bush together with three other Vietnamese-American activists to the White House on a meeting about Vietnam's increasingly harsh treatment of anti-government activists and an upcoming visit by Vietnam's president Nguyen Minh Triet to the United States. During the 45-minute meeting, Do Hoang Diem urged the president to increase pressure on Vietnam to respect human rights and asked for the United States to support openly democratic forces to bring change to Hanoi. During Nguyen Minh Triet's visit to the US, Do Hoang Diem also met with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi shortly before her meeting with the Vietnamese president to stress the importance of raising the issue of Vietnam's poor human rights record.
On March 12, 2008, he appeared before the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee's subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs to encourage lawmakers to call for the release of imprisoned activists in Vietnam including several Việt Tân members. He told the Senate panel: "After more than 50 years in power, for the first time, the Vietnamese Communist Party is facing numerous and unprecedented challenges to its rule. The desire for real changes in Vietnam is stronger now than ever before. In response, the regime is using terror tactics to silence opposition, and severely violate human rights of not just political dissidents but also bloggers, farmers, workers, students or whoever dares to question the regime's authority."
On March 19, 2009, Diem testified before the Human Rights Sub-Committee of the Australian Parliament. He addressed the issues of arbitrary arrest and detention, freedom of expression, religious freedom and workers rights.
He is a frequent speaker at public events. His op-ed articles on Vietnam have been published in the Wall Street Journal and Asia Times.
During 2013 Conviction of 14 Vietnamese Dissidents, he also appeared on public media including Saigon Broadcasting Television Network as well as Al Jazeera to speak out against this "blatant crackdown."
Việt Tân membership
Diem joined Việt Tân in 1982 while he was still in college. Diem eventually quit as a senior health care executive to work full-time in Việt Tân.
After having been a member for almost ten years, he became the Southern Californian Regional Director from 1991 to 1995, afterwards he became the External Affairs Director from 1996 to 2004, and briefly held the position of Policy Director in 2005-2006. In September 2006 at the 6th Party Congress, he was elected as the chairman of Việt Tân, replacing the previous chairman, Nguyễn Kim.
See also
Việt Tân
Hoang Tu Duy
Nguyen Quoc Quan
References
External links
Short biography
Do Hoang Diem speaks at University of California, Los Angeles
Do Hoang Diem addresses news conference at Reporters Without Borders headquarters in Paris
Interview with Viet Tan chairman Do Hoang Diem on Saigon Broadcasting Television Network - Part 1 and Part 2
Interview with Viet Tan chairman Do Hoang Diem on Al Jazeera
1963 births
Living people
University of California, Irvine alumni
Vietnamese emigrants to the United States
Ian Gordon Lindsay (29 July 1906 – 28 August 1966) was a Scottish architect. He was most noted for his numerous restoration projects, sometimes of whole villages but curiously was also involved in the design of several hydro-electric power stations.
Early life
Lindsay was born in Edinburgh in 1906, son of George Herbert Lindsay, distiller and baillie (town councillor), and Helen Eliza Turnbull. He was educated at Marlborough College and Trinity College, Cambridge. Here he began a lifetime friendship with John Betjeman.
Like many artistically-minded Cambridge undergraduates of his generation, Lindsay came under the spell of "Manny": Mansfield Duval Forbes. In his circle, Lindsay made a number of friends who were to have considerable influence on his later work; amongst these were Raymond McGrath, Oliver Hill, Robert Hurd, Thomas Steuart Fothringham and Robert Simpson.
Architect
After leaving Cambridge he was apprenticed to Reginald Fairlie in 1927. In 1931 he commenced practice on his own account before joining the firm of Orphoot and Whiting in 1933. In 1932 Lindsay married the Hon Maysie Elizabeth Loch, daughter of Major General the 2nd Baron Loch of Drylaw and Stoke College.
During the 1930s Lindsay quickly developed a wide circle of personal and professional friends, many of whom were later to provide work for his architectural practice. Amongst these were the 4th Marquess of Bute, and his nephew Major Michael Crichton Stuart, Dr Francis Carolus Eeles (secretary of the Council for the Care of Churches), J S Richardson (principal inspector of Ancient Monuments) and Peter F. Anson the writer and historian.
The Dictionary of Scottish Architects states that Lindsay's circle of influential contacts was further widened when his sister, Ailsa Margaret Lindsay, married Lt Col Charles Findlay DSO, younger son of architect Lt Col James Leslie Findlay and grandson of John Ritchie Findlay of The Scotsman. The connection to the Marquess of Bute (and his links to the National Trust for Scotland) led Lindsay to be commissioned in 1936 to draw up lists of important buildings in 103 Scottish towns and villages, based on an Amsterdam model of three categories (A,B and C). Lindsay continued this work for many years, although interrupted by the outbreak of war, and this produced the basic list upon which statutory protection for listed buildings was later introduced in 1947, following expansion to cover all areas.
As Orphoot, Whiting and Lindsay the firm began major projects of restoration and renovation in the late 1930s at Iona Abbey, and the Canongate Kirk in Edinburgh.
In 1934 Lindsay joined the ruling council of the Cockburn Association, the influential Edinburgh conservation organisation, a position he retained for the next 31 years. In 1939, under the auspices of the Cockburn Association, he published Old Edinburgh, 1947 (Edinburgh, Oliver & Boyd, 1947), containing a comprehensive survey and map of the remaining intact historic buildings in Edinburgh.
During the war Lindsay served in the Royal Engineers. By 1945, in the rank of Major, he was serving with the British Army of the Rhine repairing war damaged buildings and constructing refugee accommodation.
After the war Lindsay returned to architecture, gaining Fellowship of the RIBA in 1949.
In early 1952 the practice became Ian G Lindsay and Partners, and began the reconstruction of many small houses in the historic burgh of Culross in Fife, on behalf of the National Trust for Scotland. Similar projects for the Trust followed, across Scotland.
In the late 1950s and early 1960s Ian Lindsay undertook a major project involving the renovation of more than one hundred buildings in Inveraray, in Argyll, which had been previously gifted to the nation by the Duke of Argyll. Another major restoration, that of Pluscarden Abbey in Moray began at this time and was completed after Lindsay's death by William Murray Jack (1921–1999).
Ian Lindsay died of Hodgkin's Disease in Bangour Hospital in 1966. At his express wish his ashes were scattered from a boat into the waters of Iona Sound. The practice continued his work into the 1970s.
Legacy
Many of Ian Lindsay's drawings and other papers are preserved by the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland in the Ian G Lindsay Collection.
In 1980 Dr Ronald Cant established and endowed the Lindsay-Fischer lectureship, administered by The Society of Antiquaries of Scotland, in honour of Ian Lindsay and Gerhard Fischer (1890-1977). The lectureship commemorates the men's work on the historic architecture of Scotland and Norway respectively and their achievements in promoting relations between Scottish and Norwegian scholars. The Lindsay-Fischer Lecture is given in Scotland by a Scandinavian scholar and the Fischer-Lindsay Lecture is given in Oslo by a Scottish scholar, in alternate years.
Principal works
Interior of Ceres Parish Church
Private apartments at Inveraray Castle (1930)
Restoration of Culross village for the National Trust for Scotland (1932-6)
Memorial Chapel in St John's Episcopal Church, Edinburgh (1933)
Restoration of St Monans Parish Church (1935)
St Finnan's RC Church, Invergarry (1936)
Various rebuilding projects for the National Trust for Scotland in the village of Falkland (1936-8)
"Period Rooms" for the Glasgow Empire Exhibition (1938)
Restoration of Iona Abbey (1938) (commission passed by Reginald Fairlie).
Restoration of Canongate Kirk and manse (1939)
Restoration of Achnacarry House, Inverness-shire (1947)
Restoration of pulpit in North Leith Parish Church, Madeira Street, Leith (1948)
War memorial in St Cuthbert's Church, Edinburgh (1950)
Restoration of Aldie Castle (1950-5)
Restoration of Airlie Castle (1956)
Lussa Power Station (for Hydro-Electric Board) (1956)
Restoration of Culross Town Hall (1957)
Restoration of St Oran's Chapel, Iona (1957)
Restoration of Druminnor Castle (1958)
Major restoration of the town of Inverary (1958)
Restoration of riverside buildings of Cramond Village (1959)
Restoration of Tullibole Castle home of the Scott-Moncrieffs (1959)
Major rebuilding and restoration of Newhaven Village (1960-6)
Restoration of Cawdor Castle (of Macbeth fame) (1960)
Restorations and new-build on Dean Path, Dean Village, Edinburgh (1960)
Restoration of Inveraray Castle (1960)
Restoration of the "Little Houses" in Culross (1960)
Various additions and restorations at Pluscarden Abbey (1960)
Loch Gair Power Station (1961)
Restoration of Old Breachacha Castle on the island of Coll (1961)
Expansion of Huntly House Museum into old tenements to west (1962)
New terraced housing at Union Street, Lochgilphead (1963)
Prestigious restoration of New Lanark village (1964)
Restoration and extensions to St. Cecilia's Hall for Edinburgh University (1966)
Restoration of Barscobe Castle for Sir Hugh Wontner (1970)
Lindsay's publications
The Cathedrals of Scotland Edinburgh, W & R Chambers, 1926
Old Edinburgh, 1939 Edinburgh, Oliver & Boyd, 1939
Old Elgin (with Ronald G Cant) Edinburgh, Oliver & Boyd, 1945
Old Edinburgh, 1947 Edinburgh, Oliver & Boyd, 1947
Old Glasgow (with Ronald G Cant) Edinburgh, Oliver & Boyd, 1947
Old Stirling (with Ronald G Cant) Edinburgh, Oliver & Boyd, 1947
The Architecture of Scotland London, The Arts Council of Great Britain, 1948
Georgian Edinburgh Edinburgh, Oliver & Boyd, 1948
The Church (Canongate booklets; no.1) Edinburgh, Rev.R.S.Wright, 1950
Culross, The Royal Burgh of Edinburgh, The National Trust for Scotland, 1959 (pamphlet)
The Scottish Parish Kirk Edinburgh, The Saint Andrew Press, 1960
Inveraray & the Dukes of Argyll (with Mary Cosh) Edinburgh, The Edinburgh University Press, 1973
References
Notes
1906 births
1966 deaths
Architects from Edinburgh
20th-century Scottish architects
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
People educated at Marlborough College
Deaths from cancer in Scotland
Burials at sea
William Lawrence Laval (January 15, 1885 – January 20, 1957) was an American minor league baseball player, baseball manager, and college baseball, football, and basketball coach. He held head coaching positions at the University of South Carolina, Furman University, Emory and Henry College, and Newberry College. He is the only South Carolina football coach to have produced seven consecutive winning seasons. In 2009, The State called him "the greatest collegiate coach" in the history of South Carolina.
Early life
Laval was born on January 15, 1885, in Columbia, South Carolina. At the age of 18, he coached baseball at Erskine College. The following year, he held the same position at Sewanee before returning to Erskine. From 1904 to 1905, he played baseball as a pitcher for Furman University. According to The State, there is no record of his enrollment at the school, however, which presumably made him a ringer. During the 1905 season, he proposed to his girlfriend Elizabeth, who responded "If you beat Clemson today, I will marry you." Laval pitched Furman to a win, 2–1, and the two were married soon after. He would later joke in speeches, "She has hated Clemson ever since."
Minor league career
In his early years, Laval played minor league baseball for a wide number of teams throughout the South in the South Carolina League, Carolina Association, Virginia League, South Atlantic League, and North Carolina State League. These teams included: the Greenville Mountaineers (1907), Greenville Spinners (1908–1909 and 1919), Winston-Salem Twins (1909–1910), Spartanburg Spartans (1911–1912), Anderson Electricians (1912), Richmond Colts (1913), Petersburg Goobers (1914), Jacksonville Tarpons (1915), and the Greensboro Patriots (1916). His playing career was mediocre, with a .253 batting average and 42–37 record as a pitcher.
In 1907, the manager of the Greenville Mountaineers, Tommy Stouch, signed Shoeless Joe Jackson, and to evaluate him, had Laval pitch against Jackson for five days of batting practice. He chose Laval for his assorted repertoire of curveballs and spitballs.
Coaching career
Laval was described as an innovative football coach, and he implemented the "crazy quilt" offense, where pre-snap motion was used to create confusion for the defense. Whitey Rawl, Furman quarterback from 1925 to 1927, told The Columbia Record in 1961 that opponents thought "Laval was either cheating or crazy... Nobody ever seemed to figure out which, but we beat 'em." Laval also employed a play called the "crap shooters shift", which was similar to the modern no-huddle offense. He also constantly tweaked his teams' uniforms. At Newberry College, he modified the uniforms with targets to aid his color-blind quarterback's ability to distinguish his receivers. Laval's superstitious nature also influenced his uniform tinkering. For example, in the 1931 South Carolina–Clemson game, he had his team change from their gray jerseys into their "lucky" red uniforms at halftime.
Around 1912, Laval was invited by Clemson coach Frank Dobson to watch their football game against Georgia Tech. The event piqued Laval's interest in the sport, and he began studying it in earnest.
Despite never having played a single down of football, in 1914, he became the coach of the Furman B squad under head coach W. B. Bible, brother of Dana X. Bible. Bible, however, was an English professor with little knowledge of the game, and Laval soon had the B squad capable of decisively beating the varsity team in scrimmages. After the season, the school sent Laval to be mentored by Illinois head coach and football innovator Robert Zuppke, who had won the 1914 national championship. In mid-November 1915, Bible resigned as head football coach, before the team's final game of the season, and Laval was elected to succeed Bible. As an "all-year coach", his salary was $1,100, which was about the average at the time. He coached Furman football from 1916 to 1927 and compiled a 71–34–3 record. In 1920, Laval returned to the Greenville Spinners to serve as their manager during the baseball season.
In 1927, Laval accepted a three-year contract worth $8,000 per year to coach at the University of South Carolina, which made him the highest-paid coach in the state. He coached South Carolina from 1928 to 1934 and compiled a 10–14–4 record. Opposing coaches began demanding rule changes to limit the pre-snap shifts and motion of the "crazy quilt". Rules began to change toward the end of his tenure.
In 1932, Laval recruited four players from the 1930 Texas state high school basketball champions. South Carolina basketball coach Rock Norman did not want to play the new recruits ahead of his more seasoned players, so Laval agreed to coach the team for the season. Because of his lack of basketball knowledge, Laval had one of Norman's players, team captain Buck Smith act as an assistant coach. South Carolina ended the season on a fifteen-game winning streak and captured the Southern Conference tournament championship. Jeff Sagarin retroactively ranked South Carolina that season's third-best team in the nation. Norman returned to take over the basketball team the following year.
In 1933, the South Carolina athletic department reported a $15,200 deficit, and Laval reluctantly agreed to take a pay cut to $5,000. However, the department's financial difficulties worsened, and the next year it requested Laval take a second pay cut to $3,600, which he refused. The school allowed his contract to lapse after the 1934 season.
Laval then moved on to Emory and Henry College to serve as its head football, basketball, and baseball coach from 1936 to 1937. In 1938, he returned to his home state to coach at Newberry College. He remained there until retirement in 1950. In 12 season as head football coach at Newberry, Laval compiled a record of 45–61–5.
Later life
After coaching, Laval ran a chain of sporting goods stores throughout South Carolina. He also worked in the front office of minor league baseball teams in Rock Hill and Greenwood. He and his wife had three children: two sons and a daughter. His wife died on November 22, 1956, after a long illness. Laval himself died shortly thereafter on January 20, 1957, from a heart attack at his son's home in Columbia. The South Carolina Athletic Hall of Fame inducted him in 1961, and the Furman University Athletic Hall of Fame inducted him in 1981.
Head coaching record
Football
Notes
References
External links
1885 births
1957 deaths
Baseball pitchers
Basketball players from Columbia, South Carolina
Basketball coaches from South Carolina
Anderson Electricians players
Asheville Tourists managers
Emory and Henry Wasps athletic directors
Emory and Henry Wasps baseball coaches
Emory and Henry Wasps football coaches
Emory and Henry Wasps men's basketball coaches
Erskine Flying Fleet baseball coaches
Furman Paladins athletic directors
Furman Paladins baseball coaches
Furman Paladins football coaches
Furman Paladins men's basketball coaches
Greensboro Patriots players
Greenville Mountaineers players
Greenville Spinners players
Jacksonville Tarpons players
Newberry Wolves athletic directors
Newberry Wolves baseball coaches
Newberry Wolves football coaches
Petersburg Goobers players
Richmond Colts players
Sewanee Tigers baseball coaches
South Carolina Gamecocks athletic directors
South Carolina Gamecocks football coaches
South Carolina Gamecocks men's basketball coaches
Spartanburg Spartans players
Winston-Salem Twins players
Sportspeople from Columbia, South Carolina
The following is the filmography of American actor, director, screenwriter, producer, singer, dancer, musician and pilot John Travolta. Travolta first became well known in the 1970s, after appearing on the television series Welcome Back, Kotter (1975–1979) and starring in the box office successes Saturday Night Fever and Grease. His acting career declined throughout the 1980s, but enjoyed a resurgence in the 1990s with his role in Pulp Fiction, and he has since starred in films such as Face/Off, Swordfish, Wild Hogs, and Hairspray.
Filmography
Film
Television
Music video
Discography
Albums
Singles
Awards and nominations
See also
List of oldest and youngest Academy Award winners and nominees – The Youngest Nominees for Best Actor
References
Further reading
Tast, Brigitte (ed.). John Travolta. (Hildesheim/Germany 1978.) .
External links
Male actor filmographies
American filmographies
filmography
Director filmographies
Plagiodera is a genus of Chrysomelinae (a subfamily of leaf beetles).
Selected species
Plagiodera arizonae Crotch, 1873 i c g b
Plagiodera cajennensis Fabricius, 1798 g
Plagiodera californica (Rogers, 1856) i c g b
Plagiodera septemvittata Stal, 1858 g
Plagiodera thymaloides Stål, 1860 i c g b
Plagiodera versicolora (Laicharting, 1781) i c g b (imported willow leaf beetle)
Data sources: i = ITIS, c = Catalogue of Life, g = GBIF, b = Bugguide.net
References
Chrysomelidae genera
Chrysomelinae
Taxa named by Louis Alexandre Auguste Chevrolat
The World Scrabble Championship 2007 was held in the Taj President Hotel, Mumbai, India between 9 November and 12 November. The winner was Nigel Richards of New Zealand.
The tournament began with a 24-round Swiss tournament, whose top two players contested a best-of-five final.
Results
The preliminary stage involved 104 players, the largest number of players in WSC history, over 24 rounds, using the "Chew Pairing" system to select the draw for each round.
Nigel Richards beat Ganesh Asirvatham of Malaysia 3–0 in the final. This was the first time either of them had reached the final. Ganesh was the number 1 rated player in the world at the time, and Nigel the form player had always been knocking on the door in majors and was a multiple winner of the Brand's Crossword Game King's Cup including 2007.
Nigel won the first game 412–316. He bingoed VARSITy; Ganesh bingoed sERINGA. Nigel's opening play was GAVOT with the V on the centre star. During the game Ganesh missed the bingo OUTCRAWL.
Nigel won the second game 400–371. Ganesh took an early lead with AETHERS but had to exchange tiles twice, and although he caught up again with ANTIENTS and a late-game bingo DUPLiED, and Nigel only bingoed once with ODONAtE, Nigel won on the strength of the value he got out of the J, Q and X with JERBIL, QUOHOG and FAX.
Nigel wins the third game 499-470 and becomes New Zealand's first world champion. This game was a bingo-fest with Nigel's RECOPIES, EQuINIAS and OVERAPT to Ganesh's TRECKING, ADNATION, DIrTIEST and a triple-triple TAILLEUR. However, once again, Nigel's luck with drawing the high scoring letters saw him have the edge in a fitting finale.
Complete results
FINALS:
Game 1: Nigel 412 – Ganesh 316
Game 2: Nigel 400 – Ganesh 371
Game 3: Nigel 499 – Ganesh 470
References
External links
Official site
2007
2007 in Indian sport
2000s in Mumbai
Escape from Hat is an upcoming computer-animated fantasy film co-written and directed by Mark Osborne, based on the children's book of the same name by Adam Kline.
Premise
Leek, a desperate and magical rabbit rallies an unexpected band of allies and undertakes an impossible quest to escape from inside a magician's hat and defeating evil black cats as Leek returns to the human boy he dearly loves.
Production
Development
In April 2017, 20th Century Fox Animation and Blue Sky Studios had announced they would produce the animated film adaptation of Adam Kline's fantasy book "Escape from Hat" with Mark Osborne set as director and co-write the script with Kline, and Jinko Gotoh producing the film along with Osborne. However, in November 2018, Netflix acquired the film rights and Melissa Cobb joined the production team.
Animation
Production of the film started in December 2018.
Release
In November 2018, Netflix expects the film's release window for sometime in 2022.
References
External links
American animated fantasy films
American children's animated adventure films
American children's animated comedy films
American children's animated fantasy films
Animated films about cats
Animated films about rabbits and hares
Animated films based on American novels
American novels adapted into films
Upcoming English-language films
Films directed by Mark Osborne
British animated fantasy films
British children's animated films
Netflix Animation films
Upcoming films
Upcoming Netflix original films
Coarnele Caprei is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Arama, Coarnele Caprei and Petroșica.
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Shakila (born 1962) is a Persian-American singer-songwriter.
Shakila may also refer to:
Shakila (actress) (1935–2017), Indian film actress
See also
Shakeela, Indian actress
Maratea (; ) is an Italian town and comune of Basilicata, in the province of Potenza. It is the only comune of the region on the Tyrrhenian coast, and is known as "the Pearl of the Tyrrhenian". Owing to the considerable number of its churches and chapels it has also been described as "the town with 44 churches".
Geography
Maratea is the only town of Basilicata on the Tyrrhenian Sea. It has approximately of rocky coastline, with more than twenty beaches. One of the main characteristics of Maratea is the variety of its landscapes, varying from breath-taking sea views to wooded hillsides and majestic mountains which sweep down to the sea creating steep cliffs.
The Grotta di Maratea, or the Cave of Wonders, was discovered in 1929 by men building the Highway 18 from Calabria.
The centre of the town (called Maratea Borgo, meaning "Maratea's Old Town") is situated on the northern slopes of Mount San Biagio; other villages in the comune include Acquafredda, Cersuta, Fiumicello, Porto, Marina, Castrocucco (situated on the coast), Castello, Santa Caterina, Massa and Brefaro (situated on the overlooking hills). The principal vegetation comprises oaks, pines, rosemary, holm oaks, carob trees and wild fennel.
Maratea has a small harbour, which can accommodate up to 200 boats.
Etymology
Maratea probably derives from the fennel plant, which is called Marathéa/Μαραθέα in Medieval Greek, Marathía in Italiot Greek (as well as Marathiá/Μαραθιά in Modern Greek).
History
Based on archeological findings, the first settlements in the Maratea region date back to the Paleolithic era. In the 15th–14th century BC a village grew up on top of the little headland called La Timpa. This was a small trading center, and its existence is documented until the 2nd century BC, when the Romans conquered Lucania.
During the Roman era, the region continued to be a trade center: on the seabed near Santo Janni island dozens of ancient anchors have been found, and these are now on display in the local museum.
After the fall of the Western Roman Empire, southern Italy became part of the Byzantine Empire, starting from the Gothic Wars (6th century). From the 7th century, the Tyrrhenian Sea came under the control of the Saracens, (Sicily became a Muslim emirate in the 9th century), who sacked numerous towns. So, for safety reasons, the local inhabitants moved to the high ground of Mount San Biagio, where they built the so-called Castello, a little fortified urban centre.
In 732 a ship, fleeing the religious persecution of Leo III the Isaurian, brought the sacred remains of Saint Blaise to Maratea, who thereafter became the patron saint of the town. The remains of the saint are still kept in the Maratea's Basilica, which is built over an ancient temple of Minerva.
In 1077 Maratea, together with the rest of Southern Italy, was conquered by the Normans.
In the 11th-12th century, since the Castello could no longer accommodate the increasing population, some of the people of Maratea decided to found a new urban centre, historically called the Borgo (a word that means "village" in Italian). Today the ancient Borgo is the principal urban centre of Maratea. In view of the risk from Saracen attacks, the Borgo was situated behind Mount San Biagio, so that it could not be seen from the sea.
In 1282 the War of the Sicilian Vespers began, in which the houses of Angevins and Aragon fought for control of the Kingdom of Naples. The war ended in 1302, but the dispute continued for another century. Between 1302 and 1496, thanks to its loyalty to the royal house, Maratea was awarded numerous grants of autonomy. The Castello was put under siege in 1441, by Lauria (a nearby town), and in 1495 by Angevins soldiers. On both occasion it resisted successfully.
From 1566 to 1595, six guardhouse-towers were built along the coastline, to protect the new villages that had developed in the meantime: Acquafredda, Cersuta and Porto.
On 2 May 1676 the village of the Borgo was besieged by 160 bandits. However, the guards of the Castello killed the bandit leader and captured the remainder of the gang.
In the 18th century Maratea entered a period of progress and prosperity; on April 12, 1734, the first hospital of Basilicata was opened in the town. Many of the so-called 44 churches were built during this period.
When Napoleon Bonaparte proclaimed himself King of Naples, Maratea was one of the few cities which did not accept French supremacy. In August 1806 the nearby town of Lauria, whose citizens also refused to acknowledge Napoleon, was set on fire by general André Masséna. Alessandro Mandarini, mayor of Maratea and commander of its castle, believing that Maratea would be the next target, evacuated the inhabitants to Sicily. Since Mandarini had been promised relief from the English army, he remained, with only 1,000 men, to defend the castle and the town. After three days under siege, Mandarini, who did not receive any help by the English, was forced to surrender (December 10, 1806). In token of their great admiration for the brave resistance, the French spared the lives of the rebels, but ordered them to pull down the walls of the castle. The latter was slowly abandoned during the 19th and 20th century.
After the return of the House of Bourbon to the throne of Naples, a movement developed that would have brought about the political unification of the peninsula. In 1848, one of its leaders, the revolutionary Costabile Carducci, was killed after years of being hunted by the Neapolitan militia.
In 1861, Italy was finally united. However, at this time Maratea suffered extreme poverty, in common with the rest of Basilicata. Many of its inhabitants emigrated to the United States or to Venezuela, and with their economic help Maratea was connected to the railway network in 1894, built its first aqueduct in 1902, had electrical connection from 1924, and tarred roads connected the Old Town with the outlying districts on the coast in 1930.
Thanks to the help of Stefano Rivetti, an Italian industrialist, in the 1950s the economic situation of Maratea improved: factories (a wooden-mill and an industrial estate) and many hotels were opened.
Main sights
The Statue of Christ
The statue of Christ the Redeemer, or the Christ of Maratea, was built of pure Carrara marble in 1965 by Bruno Innocenti, a sculptor from Florence. It is located on the top of Monte San Biagio, right in front of the basilica.
The 44 Churches
Maratea is called the town with 44 churches for the number of its churches and chapels.
Basilica of Saint Blaise. It is the main church in the town, situated at the Castello. Built in the 6th-7th century, it houses the remains of the saint, in honor of which, every year (on the second Sunday of May), a procession takes place in which the silver statue of the saint is transported from the basilica to the main church of the Old Town.
Church of Santa Maria Maggiore, built in 1505, is the principal church of the Old Town
Church of Saint Vitus. It is the most ancient church of the Old Town, dating to the 9th century
Church of the Holy Annunciation, built in the 16th century
Church of Our Lady of Sorrows, built in 1620
Church of Mary Immaculate (16th century). In its crypt was found the ancient church of Saint Peter
Church of the Calvary (15th century)
Church of Saint Anthony, built in 1615. It is home to a precious wooden polyptych
Church of Saint Anne (14th century)
Church of Saint Francis of Paola (17th century)
Church of the Rosary, constructed in 1575. It is one of the most beautiful edifices of the town.
Chapel of Mary of Lourdes, built in 1932
Chapel of Saint Francis of Assisi. It is a little chapel from the 16th century.
In the outlying districts are the rest of the churches which complete the list:
Church of Mary Immaculate, at Acquafredda. It was constructed in 1833, this church conserves the remains of Costabile Carducci
Church of Our Lady of Sorrows, at Cersuta (17th century)
Church of the Child Jesus, at Fiumicello, was built in 1953
Chapel of Our Lady of the Graces, at Fiumicello, built in 1801
Chapel of Saint Joseph, at Fiumicello (16th century)
Church of Our Lady of the Safe Harbour, at Porto (16th century).
Chapel of Our Lady of Loreto, at Porto (17th century)
Church of Saint Teresa of Ávila, at Marina, built in 1958 after the destruction of the original church
Chapel of Saint Michael, at Marina (19th century)
Chapel of Saint Joseph (17th century)
Chapel of Saint Bartholomew, at Marina (19th century)
Church of The Immaculate Heart of Mary, at Castrocucco, built in 1992
Chapel of Saint Jerrard, at Castrocucco (20th century)
Chapel of Mary Immaculate, at Castrocucco, built in 1926
Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel, at Massa, from 1931
Chapel of Our Lady of Mount Carmel, at Massa (19th century)
Church of Our Lady of Mercy, in the little Brefaro village. It dates to the late 19th century
Other
Maratea's territory is also home to six coastal watchtowers, dating to the 16th-17th centuries.
Frazioni
Maratea has two urban areas: one is located on the top of the mount San Biagio, called Castello; the other one is called Borgo, situated on the north hillside of the same mountain.
Plus, the comune has several little villages, spread across the region.
Acquafredda
The first outlying district on the northern coast of Maratea is Acquafredda (its name means "cold water"). This village has a wonderful rocky coastline, surrounded by pine forests, and a 19th-century church.
Cersuta
It is the second frazione on the northern coast of Maratea. Its name means "the land of oaks". It's a little village.
Fiumicello-Santavenere
Fiumicello (the name means "little river") is located near the harbour. Its development in the 1950s was thanks to the Italian industrialist Stefano Rivetti.
Porto
Porto (meaning "harbour") is the centre of the local fishing industry, based round the modern harbour of Maratea.
Marina
Marina is located on the southern coast. It developed between 1894 and 1921, thanks to the opening of the third railway station in Maratea. It has ten beautiful beaches, and an ancient cave.
Castrocucco
Castrocucco (the name means "the castle on the hillside") is an outlying district, some . along the coast road to the south.
Santa Caterina
Is the smallest village of Maratea. It is situated on the hillside of Mount San Biagio.
Massa
The name means "the manor farm", this is the largest outlying district of Maratea.
Bréfaro
The name means, in ancient Greek, "the high place". This is one of the smaller villages, but it is well known for the production of excellent wine.
Transport
Airports
The nearest airports are:
Salerno-Pontecagnano (QSR) 139 km
Napoli-Capodichino (NAP) 211 km
Lamezia Terme (SUF) 217 km
Twin towns
Cento, Italy, since 3 February 1980
Carosino, Italy, since 2001
Bolzano, Italy, since May 2008
Sources
References
External links
Maratea Area Guide
Article from The Guardian April 2009
Maratea from Port to Sky - video
A tortoise is a land-dwelling reptile, protected by a shell, of the order Testudines.
Tortoise may also refer to:
Arts, entertainment, and media
Tortoise (band), a US post-rock band formed in 1990
Tortoise (album), their debut 1994 release
Tortoise Media, a British news media platform
Tortoises, a 1921 short volume of D. H. Lawrence poetry, all later collected in Birds, Beasts and Flowers (1923)
Tortoise Matsumoto (born 1966), lead singer of a Japanese rock band Ulfuls
Geometry
Tortoise coordinate, the foundation of the Eddington–Finkelstein coordinates
Warfare
Tortoise formation, a defensive formation employed by Ancient Rome
Tortoise heavy assault tank, a British heavy assault gun
See also
Hare (disambiguation), for Tortoise and Hare stories
TortoiseBzr, a GUI integrated Bazaar client for the Microsoft Windows platform
TortoiseCVS, a GUI integrated CVS client for the Microsoft Windows platform
TortoiseGit, a GUI integrated Git client for the Microsoft Windows platform
TortoiseHg, a GUI integrated Mercurial client
TortoiseSVN, a GUI integrated Subversion client for the Microsoft Windows platform
Tortoiseshell (disambiguation)
Turtle (disambiguation)
Vsevolod Perekalin (; 1913, Saint Petersburg – 1998, Saint Petersburg) was a Soviet Russian organic chemist, Doktor nauk, Professor, Honored Scientist of the Russian Federation (1967). Laureate of the 1982 Latvian SSR State Prize.
He created the drug known as Phenibut.
His father was a military physician.
He was a student of Academician .
In 1940, he defended his Candidate's Dissertation at the N.D. Zelinsky Institute of Organic Chemistry.
In 1949, he defended his doctoral dissertation.
From 1950 to 1992, Perekalin headed the Department of Organic Chemistry at the Herzen University.
In this University he organized the Faculty of Chemistry. He taught in the Herzen University for 48 years. In 1995, he was appointed Soros Professor.
He has a son Peter.
Perekalin is the author of more than 350 scientific papers.
He was awarded an Order of the Red Banner of Labour and an Ushinsky medal.
References
External links
1913 births
1998 deaths
Organic chemists
Russian professors
Honoured Scientists of the Russian Federation
Soviet chemists
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
This is an almanac of seasons played by HFX Wanderers FC in the Canadian Premier League (CPL) and other soccer competitions, from HFX's inaugural CPL campaign in 2019 to the present day. It also includes club and individual honours and records for the team. It is updated once yearly near the end of the calendar year, and friendly matches and competitions are excluded.
Key
Key to competitions
Canadian Premier League (CPL) – The top-flight of soccer in Canada, established in 2019.
Canadian Championship (CC) – The premier knockout cup competition in Canadian soccer, first contested in 2008.
CONCACAF Champions League (CCL) – The premier competition in North American soccer since 1962. It went by the name of Champions' Cup until 2008.
CONCACAF League (CL) – The second-tier of continental competition in North American soccer since 2017.
Key to colors and symbols
Key to league record
Season = The year and article of the season
Div = Level on pyramid
League = League name
Pld = Played
W = Games won
L = Games lost
D = Games drawn
GF = Goals scored
GA = Goals against
Pts = Points
PPG = Points per game
Pos. = League position
Key to cup record
DNE = Did not enter
DNQ = Did not qualify
NH = Competition not held or canceled
QR = Qualifying round
PR = Preliminary round
GS = Group stage
R1 = First round
R2 = Second round
R3 = Third round
R4 = Fourth round
R5 = Fifth round
QF = Quarterfinals
SF = Semifinals
RU = Runners-up
W = Winners
Overview
1. Average attendance include statistics from league matches only.
2. Top goalscorer(s) includes all goals scored in league season, league playoffs, Canadian Championship, CONCACAF League, and other competitive continental matches.
Year-by-year statistics
Club honours
None
Individual honours
Golden Boot: Akeem Garcia (2020)
Coach of the Year: Stephen Hart (2020)
Club records
Wins
Biggest CPL win – 2–0 (vs. Valour FC, June 26, 2019), and one other occasion
Biggest Canadian Championship win – 2–0 (at Valour FC, June 12, 2019)
Biggest Continental win – N/A
Losses and draws
Biggest CPL loss – 0–5 (vs Pacific FC, September 15, 2020)
Biggest Canadian Championship loss – 2–3 (vs. Ottawa Fury FC, July 10, 2019)
Biggest Continental loss – N/A
Highest scoring draw in all competitions – 2–2 (at Ottawa Fury FC, July 24, 2019), and one other occasion
Attack
Most goals scored in a CPL match – 3 goals (vs. FC Edmonton, August 26, 2020)
Most goals scored in a Canadian Championship match – 3 goals (at Vaughan Azzurri, May 15, 2019)
Most goals scored in a Continental match – N/A
Defence
Most clean sheets in a CPL season – 8 (2019)
Most goals conceded in a CPL match – 6 goals (at York9 FC, July 27, 2019)
Most goals conceded in a Canadian Championship match – 3 goals (vs. Ottawa Fury FC, July 10, 2019)
Most goals conceded in a Continental match – N/A
Firsts (all competitions)
First player signed – November 29, 2018 ( Zachary Sukunda)
First club captain – April 28, 2018 ( Jan-Michael Williams)
First competitive match – April 28, 2019 (0-1 loss at Pacific FC in CPL)
First competitive win – May 4, 2019 (2-1 win vs. Forge FC) in CPL)
First competitive clean sheet – June 12, 2019 (2-0 win vs. Valour FC in Canadian Championship by Jan-Michael Williams)
First competitive goal – May 4, 2019 (in the 30th minute vs. Forge FC in CPL by Akeem Garcia)
First competitive brace – N/A
First competitive hat-trick – N/A
Sequences (all competitions)
Wins – 3 (June 1, 2019 to June 12, 2019)
Draws – 6 (September 2, 2019 to October 2, 2019)
Losses – 4 (July 10, 2019 to July 20, 2019)
Matches unbeaten – 4 (May 29, 2019 to June 12, 2019
Matches winless – 10 (August 10, 2019 to October 9, 2019)
Clean sheets – 2 (August 5, 2019 to August 10, 2019)
Minutes without conceding – 270 minutes (July 31, 2019 to August 28, 2019)
Attendance
Highest attendance – 6244 (vs. Pacific FC, CPL, June 1, 2019)
Highest CPL attendance – 6244 (vs. Pacific FC, June 1, 2019)
Lowest attendance – 3854 (vs. Valour FC, Canadian Championship, June 5, 2019)
Lowest CPL attendance – 5387 (vs. Valour FC, May 29, 2019)
Transfers
Highest (known) transfer fee paid – N/A
Highest (known) transfer fee received – N/A
International caps
This is a list of players who have gained full international caps during their time with HFX.
Individual records
Appearances
Youngest player – Scott Firth, 18 years 2 months 2 days (vs. Forge FC, CPL, May 4, 2019)
Oldest player – Jan-Michael Williams, 34 years 11 months 10 days (at Cavalry FC, CPL, October 5, 2019)
Bold indicates player still active with club.
Goals
Most goals in a season – João Morelli, 14 in 2021
Most goals in a match – João Morelli, 2 v FC Edmonton, Canadian Premier League, August 26, 2020)
Fastest goal in a match – Tomasz Skublak, 2nd minute (at Vaughan Azzurri, Canadian Championship, May 15, 2019)
Youngest goalscorer – Samuel Salter, 20 years 11 months 8 days (v Cavalry FC, Canadian Premier League, July 17, 2021)
Oldest goalscorer – Luis Alberto Perea, 33 years 1 month 6 days (v Pacific FC, CPL, October 9, 2019)
Bold indicates player still active with club.
Assists
Most assists in a season – Mohamed Kourouma, 4 in 2019
Bold indicates player still active with club.
Clean sheets
Most clean sheets in a season – Christian Oxner, 6 in 2019
Youngest keeper to record a clean sheet – Kieran Baskett, 19 years 11 months 22 days (vs. York United FC, CPL, September 18, 2021)
Oldest keeper to record a clean sheet – Jan-Michael Williams, 34 years 8 months 11 days (vs. York 9 FC, CPL, July 6, 2019)
References
External links
chronicle
Canadian soccer club statistics
Pacifico Bizza (born in 1695 in Arbe) was a Croatian clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Split-Makarska. He was appointed bishop in 1738. He died in 1756.
References
1695 births
1756 deaths
Croatian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops of Split
Henry Shull Arms (1912 - 1972) was an American and later British physicist and engineer. He worked in the British and Allied programmes to make a nuclear weapon and later developed civilian nuclear reactors in the UK.
Early life and education
He was born in Tekoa, Washington, USA. He attended four schools in three different states. As a young man, he enjoyed fishing (which he pursued occasionally in Scotland later in life) and hunting. In his late teens, he worked at the Old National Bank in Spokane. He studied mechanical engineering and physics at the University of Idaho and, aged 24, joined Oxford in 1936 on a Rhodes Scholarship, where he took an honours degree in physics. He worked on low-temperature physics - through the demagnetization of salts - under German and Hungarian Jewish refugees Francis Simon and Nicholas Kurti at the Clarendon Laboratory.
Academic career
On the outbreak of WWII, after working at Clarendon, he helped to remove iron fragments during neurosurgery using magnets. In 1940, his engineering knowledge was called for in the war effort to help Simon - with Kurti - continue with isotope separation and calculate the cost of building a gaseous diffusion plant to separate uranium-235 from the more abundant uranium-239. This was under the auspices of the MAUD Committee. The calculations were followed by the plant's construction. A patent for the separation process (with Rudolf Peierls, Simon and Arms as the applicants) was filed in 1943 (and granted in the US in 1960). He continued atomic research under Simon throughout the war, running a research group at the University of Birmingham for 15 months, and moving from uranium isotope separation to heat transfer in a nuclear reactor. In 1945, he joined John Cockcroft at the National Research Council Canada, experimenting with heat transfer in the Chalk River Laboratories NRX heavy water reactor. The group returned to the UK the following year and began the Atomic Energy Research Establishment at Harwell; Arms was Principal Scientific Officer in charge of the engineering laboratory, developing the first British nuclear reactor and also working at Windscale to produce military plutonium. He became Deputy Chief Engineer of the Capenhurst uranium enrichment plant.
In 1953, he became Chief Development Engineer at the English Electric Company in Rugby, which for him necessitated further on-site education in engineering. Two years later he was also Chief Engineer of the atomic power projects at Whetstone. The company gained the contract to build a 500MW nuclear power station at Hinckley Point, Somerset (which opened in 1966). Arms became a naturalised British citizen in 1955.
He died aged 60, survived by his English-born wife and two children.
References
American physicists
British physicists
American engineers
British engineers
1912 births
1972 deaths
University of Idaho alumni
Alumni of the University of Oxford
American emigrants to the United Kingdom
Ebenezer Byron Finley (July 31, 1833 – August 22, 1916, age 83) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio, nephew of Stephen Ross Harris.
Born in Orrville, Ohio, Finley attended the public schools.
He studied law at Bucyrus, Ohio, from 1859 until the outbreak of the Civil War.
He was active in recruiting Company K, Twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, in which he served as a first lieutenant.
He resumed the study of law in 1862.
He was admitted to the bar in 1862 and commenced practice in Bucyrus, Ohio.
Finley was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Congresses (March 4, 1877 – March 3, 1881).
He served as chairman of the Committee on Public Expenditures (Forty-sixth Congress).
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1880.
He served as Adjutant General of Ohio in 1884.
He served as circuit judge of the third circuit of Ohio.
He resumed the practice of law in Bucyrus, Ohio, where he died August 22, 1916.
He was interred in Oakwood Cemetery.
Finley married Charlotte E. Codding, February 15, 1858.
References
Sources
1833 births
1916 deaths
People from Orrville, Ohio
People from Bucyrus, Ohio
Union Army officers
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state court judges
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
19th-century American lawyers
Edwin M. Capps (December 23, 1860 – January 16, 1938) was an American Democratic politician from California.
Biography
Capps was born 1860 in Knoxville, Tennessee. His father was Thomas J. Capps, professor of mathematics at East Tennessee University. He grew in Shelbyville, Illinois and his family moved to Golden, Colorado where he apprenticed as a civil engineer.
In 1886 Capps moved to San Diego where he was a mining engineer and real estate agent. He became city engineer of San Diego in 1893 and designed the new city police station and jail in 1911 and the beautiful Spruce Street suspension footbridge in 1912. He was in charge of harbor improvements in 1912, to handle increased traffic anticipated by the completion of the Panama Canal. He came up with the "Capps' Plan" to dredge the harbor, fill the shoreline, and erect piers, wharves, seawalls, and warehouses.
Capps served twice as mayor, 1899–1901 and 1915–1917. He was San Diego's first Democratic mayor.
In 1915 San Diego was suffering from a multi-year drought. In December 1915, Capps and the city council hired a rainmaker, who guaranteed rain and wouldn't charge if it didn't rain, Charley Hatfield. He supposedly achieved success in 1904 in Los Angeles. Hatfield set up shop in Mission Valley by burning noxious fumes to "seed" clouds. However, what happened was a disastrous flood in January 1916 and the city reneged on the contract and refused to pay Hatfield anything.
Capps thought the future in San Diego was tourism, rather than factories. Developing tourist facilities and preserving San Diego's unique environment was the cornerstone of his service as engineer and mayor. Capps had a colorful personality and was outspoken about his plans. This caused many arguments and he was often the talk about town.
Capps retired in 1923 and died 1938 in Los Angeles.
Quote
We should cater to the entertainment of the tourist, make pleasant and congenial, have public places of resort in the nature of beautiful parks, fine boulevards, roads and drives.
Notes
Further reading
, v. 2, pp. 403–404: "Edwin M. Capps"
External links
"'Bull Strong, Horse High, and Hog Tight:' The Work and Character of Edwin M. Capps", The Journal of San Diego History 30:3 (Summer 1984) by John C. Brownlee
1860 births
1938 deaths
Mayors of San Diego
People from Shelbyville, Illinois
People from Golden, Colorado
Politicians from Knoxville, Tennessee
Crossacres is a tram stop for the Phase 3B Extension of Greater Manchester's Metrolink system. The stop is part of the Airport Line and is at the junction of Brownley Road and Crossacres Road in the Wythenshawe area of Manchester, England. It opened on 3 November 2014.
Services
Trams run every 12 minutes north to Victoria and south to Manchester Airport. Between 03:00 and 06:00, a service operates Deansgate-Castlefield and Manchester Airport every 20 minutes.
Ticket zones
Crossacres stop is located in Metrolink ticket zone 4.
References
External links
Metrolink stop information
Crossacres area map
Light Rail Transit Association
Airport route map
Tram stops in Manchester
Niederzissen is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
ROCS Ta Kuan (AGS-1601) is a Taiwanese Navy research vessel. Designed to carry out oceanographic and hydrographic research, as well as surveillance activities, the vessel's platform was developed from the built for NATO.
Design
She is a sister ship of Alliance and being built in between the two.
History
Ta Kuan was built at La Spezia, Italy by Fincantieri and was launched in 1995. In 2015 she received a full upgrade from L3 Technologies.
References
Ships built in Italy
Ships built by Fincantieri
Research vessels
Jan Willem te Kolsté (11 September 1874, in Utrecht – 31 January 1936, in The Hague) was a Dutch chess master.
Te Kolsté participated many times in unofficial and official Dutch championships, and won at Utrecht 1907. He also took 4th at Utrecht 1897 (Rudolf Loman won), tied for 5-6th at The Hague 1898 (J.D. Tresling won), took 14th at Amsterdam 1899 (Henry Ernest Atkins won), took 10th at Haarlem 1901 (Adolf Georg Olland won), took 2nd behind Arnold van Foreest at Rotterdam 1902, tied for 7-9th at Hilversum 1903 (Paul Saladin Leonhardt won), tied for 9-10th at Scheveningen 1905 (Frank James Marshall won), took 3rd at Haarlem 1908 (Johannes Esser won), shared 3rd at Delft 1912 (Loman won), took 4th at The Hague 1919 (Max Marchand won), and took 5th at Nijmegen 1921 (Max Euwe won).
In other tournaments, he won at The Hague 1904, tied for 2nd-3rd at Amsterdam 1907, tied for 6-7th at Scheveningen 1913, shared 1st at The Hague 1917 and s' Hertogenbosch 1918, won at The Hague 1922, shared 1st at Amsterdam 1927, but came a distant last at Baden-Baden 1925 (Alexander Alekhine won),.
He played for The Netherlands in 1st Chess Olympiad at London 1927.
See also
Dutch Chess Championship
References
1874 births
1936 deaths
Dutch chess players
Sportspeople from Utrecht (city)
Chess Olympiad competitors
The Pilatus SB-5 was a civil utility aircraft developed by the newly formed Pilatus Aircraft during World War II.
Design and development
In the winter of 1941, the construction of the Pilatus SB-2 Pelican began, designed as a low-speed aircraft with STOL (Short Take-Off and Landing) performance, as well as very good climbing performance required for use in narrow alpine valleys. The Pilatus SB-5 was a project for an enlarged version of the Pilatus SB-2, but with the end of WWII the market for light utility transports disappeared so Pilatus abandoned the SB-5 before construction of a prototype began.
The SB-5 was a single-engine high wing monoplane with a fixed nosewheel with a light-alloy semi-monocoque fuselage shell, accommodating 9-10 passengers in 3 rows of three, with an optional passenger in the co-pilot seat. Power was to have been supplied by a Wright Cyclone driving an Escher-Wyss constant-speed reversible pitch 3-bladed propeller.
Specifications (SB-5)
References
Further reading
External links
1940s Swiss civil utility aircraft
High-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
SB-5
Tu Mingjing (; 15 November 1928 – 1 January 2019) was a Chinese materials scientist and an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering.
Biography
Tu was born in Ba County, Sichuan (now in Chongqing), on 15 November 1928. He is secondary studied at the Affiliated Secondary School of Tongji University. In 1947 he was accepted to Tongji University, where he graduated in 1951. Then he successively studied at the Harbin Institute of Technology and University of Science and Technology Beijing, earning a master's degree.
After university, he became a lecturer at Tongji University, Shanghai Jiao Tong University and Xi'an Jiao Tong University. In 1983 he was a visiting scholar at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Karlsruhe, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. In August 1988 he was transferred to the University of Science and Technology of Chengdu, where he served as dean of its Research Institute of High Technology. In 1994 he became a professor at the Sichuan University. He was elected an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering in 1995. In November 2008 he was hired as professor of the Chongqing University of Arts and Sciences.
On 1 January 2019, he died of illness in Chengdu, Sichuan.
Awards
State Natural Science Award
State Science and Technology Progress Award (Second Class)
References
1928 births
2019 deaths
Members of the Chinese Academy of Engineering
Scientists from Chongqing
Chinese materials scientists
Tongji University alumni
Harbin Institute of Technology alumni
University of Science and Technology Beijing alumni
Tongji University faculty
Shanghai Jiao Tong University faculty
Xi'an Jiaotong University faculty
Sichuan University faculty
Classical music generally refers to the formal musical tradition of the Western world, considered to be distinct from Western folk music or popular music traditions
Classical music may also refer to:
Classical period (music)
Classical Music (magazine)
Classical music blog
For other traditions see list of classical and art music traditions
By country
Australian classical music
Classical music of Birmingham
Italian classical music
Classical music in Kosovo
Classical music in Scotland
Classical music of the United Kingdom
Classical music of the United States
Non-Western traditions
List of classical and art music traditions
Andalusian classical music
Indian classical music
Gagaku
Ottoman music
Persian traditional music
Yayue
See also
Art music
List of classical music concerts with an unruly audience response
William Hal Ashby (September 2, 1929 – December 27, 1988) was an American film director and editor associated with the New Hollywood wave of filmmaking.
Before his career as a director Ashby edited films for Norman Jewison, notably The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming (1966), which earned Ashby an Oscar nomination for Best Editing, and In the Heat of the Night (1967), which earned him his only Oscar for the same category.
Ashby received a third Oscar nomination, this time for Best Director for Coming Home (1978). Other films directed by Ashby include The Landlord (1970), Harold and Maude (1971), The Last Detail (1973), Shampoo (1975), Bound for Glory (1976), and Being There (1979).
Early life
Ashby was born September 2, 1929, in Ogden, Utah, the youngest of four siblings born to Mormon parents Eileen Ireta (née Hetzler) and James Thomas Ashby, a dairy farm owner. Ashby's parents divorced in 1936, after which his father remarried.
Following the divorce, Ashby and his siblings lived with their mother, briefly in Logan, Utah, before relocating to Portland, Oregon, where his elder brother took a job in the timber industry. His mother, a cooking enthusiast, opened a restaurant in Portland. After several years in Portland, the family returned to Ogden, where Ashby primarily lived with his father. When Ashby was 12 years old, his father committed suicide.
Ashby subsequently dropped out of high school. Ashby-approved studio biographies concealed this, falsely stating that he graduated from Utah State University (situated in nearby Logan, Utah) to ensure he fit into the social milieu of college-educated peers like Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese. Ashby was married and divorced by the time he was 19.
Hollywood career
As Ashby was entering adult life, he moved from Utah to Los Angeles, California, where he pursued a bohemian lifestyle and ultimately became an assistant film editor through a long apprenticeship. His career gained momentum when he served as the editor of The Loved One (1965), an adaptation of the Evelyn Waugh novel that involved such New Hollywood contemporaries as screenwriter Terry Southern and cinematographer Haskell Wexler. After being nominated for the Academy Award for Film Editing in 1967 for The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming, his big break occurred one year later when he won the award for In the Heat of the Night. Ashby often stated that the practice of editing provided him with the best filmmaking background outside traditional university study and he carried the techniques learned as an editor with him when he began directing.
At the urging of mentor Norman Jewison, Ashby directed his first film, The Landlord—an early rumination on the social dynamics of gentrification in Park Slope, Brooklyn—in 1970. While his birth date placed him within the Silent Generation, the filmmaker (who had been a habitual marijuana smoker since 1950) eagerly embraced the hippie lifestyle, adopting vegetarianism and growing his hair long before it became de rigueur.
Over the next ten years, Ashby directed several acclaimed and popular films, many were about outsiders and adventurers traversing the pathways of life. They included the off-beat romance Harold and Maude (1971), The Last Detail (1973), and the social satire Being There (1979), with Peter Sellers, giving the star a well-received role after many felt he had lapsed into self-parody. His most significant commercial success was Shampoo (1975), a collaboration with Warren Beatty and Robert Towne that satirized late-1960s sexual and social mores through the life of a hairdresser modeled after such contemporaneous figures as Jay Sebring and Jon Peters. Bound for Glory (1976), a muted biography of Woody Guthrie starring David Carradine, was the first film to utilize the Steadicam. In June 1973, Ashby was hired to direct One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, though he would be replaced by Miloš Forman before filming started.
Aside from Shampoo, Ashby's most commercially successful film was the Vietnam War drama Coming Home (1978). Starring Jane Fonda and Jon Voight, both in Academy Award-winning performances, it was for this film that Ashby earned his only Best Director nomination from the Academy. Arriving in the post-Jaws and Star Wars era, Coming Home was one of the last films to encapsulate the modestly budgeted, socially realistic ethos of the New Hollywood era, earning nearly $15 million in returns and rentals on a $3 million budget.
Decline
Because of his critical success and dependable profitability, shortly after the success of Coming Home, Ashby was able to form a production company, Northstar, under the auspices of Lorimar. After Being There, Ashby became more reclusive, often retreating to his home in Malibu Colony, a gated enclave in the city. Later, it was widely rumored in a likely whisper campaign from Lorimar (whose executives clashed with the director) that Ashby had become dependent upon cocaine, a drug that he only used intermittently after the production of Bound for Glory. As a consequence of these rumors, he slowly became unemployable. Eva Gardos, an editor who worked with Ashby during the period, has asserted that his drug intake remained largely confined to marijuana and psilocybin.
Following Being There, Ashby was provisionally set to reunite with Sellers and Terry Southern on Grossing Out, a black comedy inspired by the actor's chance meeting with an international arms dealer on an airplane. Although Southern (who had not had a screenplay go to production in a decade) was rejuvenated by the prospect of working with the duo and produced a script that was said to be on par with his 1960s oeuvre, the project went into development hell after Sellers' sudden death from a heart attack in July 1980.
During this period, the productions of Second-Hand Hearts and Lookin' to Get Out —the latter a Las Vegas caper that reunited him with Voight and featured Voight's young daughter, Angelina Jolie—was plagued by the increasingly strained relationship between Ashby and Lorimar. Filmed in 1979, Second-Hand Hearts only received a poorly-reviewed limited release in 1981 before being pulled from circulation for nearly thirty years. Belatedly released in October 1982, Lookin' to Get Out earned a little under $1 million in returns and rentals on an estimated $17 million budget. During this period, Lorimar executives grew less tolerant of his increasingly perfectionist production (811,000 feet of film were used shooting Lookin' to Get Out) and editing techniques; a montage in the latter film set to The Police's "Message in a Bottle" took six months to perfect but proved to be logistically unusable due to a Lorimar agreement with the American Federation of Musicians.
Initially set to helm Tootsie after two years of negotiations and Ashby-directed wig and makeup tests, Lorimar executives blocked him from working on the film because part of the preproduction period overlapped with final work on the long-gestating Lookin' to Get Out, which was eventually recut by the studio when Ashby's work was deemed to be unsatisfactory. (Decades later, Ashby's cut was rediscovered and released on DVD in 2009.) As Dustin Hoffman had not offered a "formal commitment" to the production at the time of Ashby's dismissal, the director forfeited his $1.5 million fee.
While post-production of Lookin' to Get Out continued, Lorimar permitted Ashby to film The Rolling Stones' 1981 American tour documentary, Let's Spend the Night Together; the director was a longtime fan of the group. He collapsed before the final filmed concert at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona, on December 13, 1981. Although Jeff Wexler said Ashby was "partying way beyond his capabilities with the Stones", Caleb Deschanel has said that Ashby (who directed the concert shoot on a gurney) simply had the flu. The film was well-received but gained little traction during a limited theatrical release. In September 1983, Ashby directed Solo Trans, a Neil Young concert video that was released the following year.
The Slugger's Wife, with a screenplay written by Neil Simon, was a critical and commercial failure. Ashby (whose cocaine use had accelerated throughout the shoot) was fired after delivering a 20-minute rough cut of the beginning of the film that included almost no dialogue. When the Oliver Stone-written 8 Million Ways to Die fared similarly at the box office, Ashby's post-production process was considered to be such a liability that he was fired by the production company on the final day of principal photography.
Attempting to turn a corner in his declining career, Ashby stopped using drugs, trimmed his hair and beard, and began to frequently attend Hollywood parties wearing a navy blue blazer so as to suggest that he was once again employable. Despite these efforts, he could only find work as a television director, helming one of three pilots for Beverly Hills Buntz, an unsuccessful Hill Street Blues spinoff starring Dennis Franz. He also directed Jake's Journey, a sword and sorcery fantasy conceived by Graham Chapman.
Death
Longtime friend Warren Beatty advised Ashby to seek medical care after he complained of various ailments, including undiagnosed phlebitis. He was soon diagnosed with pancreatic cancer that rapidly spread to his lungs, colon, and liver. Ashby died on December 27, 1988, at his home in Malibu, California.
Acclaim and influence
The Last Detail, Bound for Glory, Coming Home, and Being There were all nominated for the Palme d'Or.
American songwriter and guitarist Guthrie Thomas, who coordinated the music in Bound for Glory and acted in the film, called Ashby "one of the finest motion picture directors of the 20th century."
For the 2012 Sight & Sound Directors Top Ten poll Niki Caro, Cyrus Frisch, and Wanuri Kahiu voted for Harold and Maude, with Frisch describing the film as "an encouragement to think beyond the obvious!"
A 2018 documentary about the director was screened at the Sundance Film Festival.
Archives
The moving image collection of Hal Ashby is held at the Academy Film Archive. The material at the Academy Film Archive is also complemented by material in the Hal Ashby papers at the Academy's Margaret Herrick Library.
Filmography
Films
Other film work
TV work
References
Sources
External links
Senses of Cinema: Great Directors Critical Database
The Director's Director – discussion by directors Ashby influenced
Literature on Hal Ashby
Hal Ashby in Images Film Journal – Article summarizing Ashby's career in Images Film Journal
Hal Ashby papers, Margaret Herrick Library, Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences
American film editors
Artists from Ogden, Utah
1929 births
1988 deaths
American film producers
Best Film Editing Academy Award winners
Businesspeople from Ogden, Utah
Deaths from cancer in California
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
Film directors from Utah
Filmmakers from Portland, Oregon
Former Latter Day Saints
20th-century American businesspeople
IM Creator, or IM, () is a software and hosting company headquartered in New York City with an office in Tel Aviv, Israel. IM Creator was founded by CEO Jonathan Saragossi in 2011. IM Creator's tools allow individuals and businesses to create and maintain HTML5 websites, blogs and online stores without writing code. All services are bundled, and hosting by IM is mandatory.
History
IM Creator was founded in early 2011 by chief executive officer (CEO) Jonathan Saragossi, who formerly worked for Wix as the VP of its design team. The company, headquartered in New York City with an office in Tel Aviv, Israel, is backed by angel investors sought out prior to its launch. A few months after inception, IM Creator entered its open beta phase using a platform based on HTML.
Three to five months after open-beta, IM Creator was featured in a news article by The New York Times, CBS News and The Next Web online newspapers. NYTimes revealed that IM Creator claimed to have over 2,000 paying customers and raised over $300,000 from friends and family within its starting months.
A year later the company launched IM Creator Mobile Website Builder (branded as IXM), and in 2014, IM Free—a curated collection of free resources, all for commercial use.
In 2015, IM Creator introduced its latest platform (previously known as IM XPRS) along its older website builder now commonly referred to as the legacy product. The differences between the two sitebuilders is the site creation process, and that its latest platform allows for the creation of responsive websites using flat UI. Existing sites built in the legacy product continue to be supported, but all new customers are directed to the new platform. The company also launched IM Self, a blog creator for mobile devices.
References
External links
Official website
Internet properties established in 2011
Blog hosting services
Cloud platforms
Online companies of the United States
Companies based in New York (state)
Troy Johnson may refer to:
Troy Johnson (cricketer), New Zealand cricketer
Troy Johnson (footballer), former Australian rules footballer
Troy Johnson (singer), American gospel and soul singer
Troy Johnson (wide receiver), football wide receiver
Troy Johnson (writer), food critic and writer
"De plane! De plane!", or "The plane! The plane!", is a catchphrase originating from the opening titles of every episode of the U.S. TV series Fantasy Island (1977–1984). Each episode began with the diminutive Tattoo (played by Hervé Villechaize), one of the main characters, spotting the seaplane approaching the island and running up a tower and excitedly yelling, "De Plane! De Plane!" and ringing a bell.
The actual aircraft
The actual aircraft used in the series was a SCAN 30, a license-built version of a Grumman G-44 Widgeon seaplane, U.S. registry N4453. It was manufactured by the (SCAN) in La Rochelle, France, in 1951, but not initially completed with engines because of unsatisfactory results achieved previously on other SCAN Type 30 Widgeons with various engines available there. Instead, it was disassembled and stored until 1967, when it was imported into the US, reassembled, and finally completed using nine-cylinder, 300 hp Lycoming model R-680 radial engines in what was called a Mansdorf Gannet conversion. It was one of the few Widgeons converted with radial engines.
The plane belonged to author Richard Bach, which he mentions briefly in his book The Bridge Across Forever (although he does not mention the television series by name, he makes it clear from the context that he is indeed talking about Fantasy Island).
It was rented for the show from a local charter company by a contract production company, and almost all of the footage of the plane used throughout the series and films was shot in one day and recycled over the entire run. During the filming of the actual episodes, the guests climbed out of a papier-mâché and plywood mock-up of the back of the plane.
The aircraft was later rented or sold to parties who used it to smuggle drugs into the United States, and it crashed in a swamp on at least one occasion. It was confiscated by the DEA and sold by the U.S. Marshals Service at auction. It again fell into the hands of other drug smugglers and was eventually confiscated and sold again. It was involved in a gear-collapse accident in the 1990s, and repainted deep red, so it is not as recognizable as De Plane of the television series when it was painted white. It was owned by the Ozarks Auto Show, Inc., a regional antique dealer, of Hollister, Missouri, and was stored in a hangar at the M. Graham Clark Downtown Airport near Branson, Missouri, along with several other special-interest aircraft. De Plane! De Plane! has at times been on display on the airshow circuit in the American Midwest. The plane was sold at the 38th annual Branson Collector Car Auction on April 16, 2016, to an undisclosed buyer for $275,000.
Cultural references
In 1992, Hervé Villechaize referenced his famous catchphrase in a Dunkin' Donuts commercial for minisize doughnuts, where he requested, "De plain! De plain! No, de cinammon! De cinnamon! No, de chocolate! De chocolate!"
The phrase is also commonly used in many other contexts, such as articles about dwarfs and aircraft.
Speedy Gonzales shouts the catchphrase in the opening of Daffy Duck's Movie: Fantastic Island, and again later. The animated film is itself a general parody of the television series.
References
External links
Brochure from Branson Collector Car Auction showing photos of "De Plane", archived from the original on April 18, 2016.
English phrases
Individual aircraft
Catchphrases
Quotations from television
1977 neologisms
Fantasy Island
is a one-shot gekiga written and illustrated by essayist and mangaka Yoshiharu Tsuge. Screw Style follows of the story of an unnamed boy who goes around several places in war-torn Japan in order to find a doctor who can fix his pierced artery.
The manga was first published in the manga anthology magazine Garo in 1968 to popularity among Japanese youth. The manga has been adapted into a video game and a live action film.
Plot
A boy arriving ashore in war-torn Japan is bitten by a jellyfish that pierces his artery. He enters a nearby village and goes around looking for a doctor, but finds none. The boy then proceeds to follow a road of railway tracks in hope that it will lead him to the next village, only to get onto a train that brings him back to the village he first entered.
He then decides to search the village again, this time properly and encounters an old woman who tells him that the doctor he desires is in a nearby factory, but the boy goes to a female gynecologist who resides in a bunker instead. He has sex with the gynecologist before getting his pierced artery fixed with a safety valve and wrench. The manga ends with the boy sailing away in a motorboat.
Style and themes
Screw Style does not have a conventional plot, and like many of Tsuge's works for Garo, it has a surreal, ambiguous quality in the progress of the narrative and the artwork. All characters except the main character are drawn as if they are static.
There have been various interpretations of the themes of the manga, with various critics arguing the manga is about birth and death, or existential nihilism.
Release
It was published in the June 1968 issue of Garo magazine and gained cult status among Japanese youth at the time. It was subsequently translated into English by Bill Randall for the American magazine The Comics Journal for its February 2003 issue. In May 2022, Drawn & Quarterly announced that they licensed the manga for English publication.
Adaptations
The manga was adapted into a game for the Japanese PC-9800 and Sharp X68000 platforms in 1989. In 1998 Japanese film director Teruo Ishii adapted the manga into a live action film (also known as Wind-Up Type) starring Tadanobu Asano and Miki Fujitani.
References
External links
The Stopcock scanlation in Concerned Theatre Japan at Center for Japanese Studies Publications
1968 manga
One-shot manga
1989 video games
Japan-exclusive video games
1998 films
Japanese films
1990s Japanese-language films
Live-action films based on manga
NEC PC-9801 games
Seinen manga
Sharp X68000 games
Video games developed in Japan
Gekiga
Drawn & Quarterly titles
Filip Windlert (born January 24, 1993) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman. He made his Elitserien debut playing with AIK IF during the 2011–12 Elitserien season.
References
External links
1993 births
AIK IF players
Living people
Malmö Redhawks players
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
Jean-Charles Allavena (born October 18, 1960) is a Monegasque politician. He was elected to the National Council in the 2013 Monegasque election as a member for the ruling coalition, Horizon Monaco. He is the leader of the conservative party Rally & Issues, which is the largest constituent party of the ruling coalition.
External links
Biography on the National Council website
Monegasque politicians
Living people
1960 births
The Grivola (3,969 m) is a mountain in the Graian Alps in Italy. It lies between the Valsavarenche and the Cogne Valley.
Etymology
Grivola was named in different ways in the past:
Pic de Cogne
Grivolet
Bec de Grivola
Aiguille de Grivola
"Grivola" firstly appeared in 1845. Giuseppe Giacosa says is coming from Valdôtain griva, meaning song thrush (). Joseph-Marie Henry indicated grivoline (), a pretty young girl, as for Jungfrau. Paul-Louis Rousset says that the origin is gri in Valgrisenche Valdôtain, meaning "loose stones".
SOIUSA classification
According to SOIUSA (International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps) the mountain is classified in the following way:
main part = Western Alps
major sector = North-Western Alps
section = Graian Alps
subsection = North-eastern Graian Alps
supergroup = Catena del Gran Paradiso
group = Gruppo Grivola-Gran Serra
subgroup = Sottogruppo della Grivola
code = I/B-7.IV-A.3.b
Huts
Rifugio Federico Chabod (2,750 m)
Bivacco Luciano Gratton (3,198 m)
Bivacco Mario Balzola (3,477 m)
Bivacco Mario Gontier (2,309 m)
Rifugio Vittorio Emanuele II (2,732 m)
Rifugio Vittorio Sella (2,588 m)
See also
List of mountains of the Alps above 3000 m
References
Maps
Italian official cartography (Istituto Geografico Militare - IGM); on-line version: www.pcn.minambiente.it
I.G.C. (Istituto Geografico Centrale) - Carta dei sentieri e dei rifugi 1:50.000 scale n.3 Parco Nazionale del Gran Paradiso and 1:25.000 n.101 Gran Paradiso, La Grivola, Cogne
External links
Grivola on SummitPost
Grivola on Camptocamp
Mountains of the Graian Alps
Alpine three-thousanders
Mountains of Aosta Valley
The 1900 Latrobe Athletic Association season was their sixth season in existence. The team finished 5-3.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Latrobe Athletic Association
Latrobe Athletic Association seasons
Alvin Rettig (born December 6, 1963) is a former Arena football fullback/linebacker in the Arena Football League (AFL). He played college football at Rice University.
In 1998, Rettig was elected into the Arena Football Hall of Fame.
References
1963 births
Living people
American football fullbacks
American football linebackers
Rice Owls football players
Detroit Drive players
Place of birth missing (living people)
KPGD may refer to:
ICAO code for Punta Gorda Airport (Florida) (formerly Charlotte County Airport) in Punta Gorda, Florida, United States
KPGD-LP, a defunct low-power television station (channel 53) formerly licensed to Plainview, Texas, United States
William Richard Smallwood (September 30, 1928 – October 30, 2001) was a Canadian politician. He represented the electoral district of Green Bay in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1956 to 1971. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He was born in Corner Brook in 1928, the son of Newfoundland Premier and Canadian Father of Confederation, Joey Smallwood, and his wife Clara Oates. He was their second child and had an older brother, Ramsay and younger sister, Clara. He attended the Curtis Academy, Memorial University, and Dalhousie University, earning a LLB degree. He was a lawyer in St. John's.
On May 27, 1971, Smallwood assaulted William Marshall on the floor of the House, and was issued a five-day suspension. John Crosbie was given a three-day suspension after accusing Joey Smallwood of approving of William's behavior, while Marshall and H.R.V. Earle were suspended for criticising Speaker Clarke.
In 1983, he suffered stab wounds in an altercation with his son, who was charged with attempted murder. The charges were withdrawn due to insufficient evidence. He died in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador in 2001.
References
1928 births
2001 deaths
Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
People from Corner Brook
Memorial University of Newfoundland alumni
Dalhousie University alumni
Sings the Songs of Andrew Lloyd Webber is a studio album by Shirley Bassey, released in 1993.
This album saw Bassey briefly return to her old label EMI (which also owns her United Artists recordings); the album was issued by EMI on the Music For Pleasure Premier label. All songs on this album were composed by Andrew Lloyd Webber. This is the first, and to date the only Songbook album that Bassey has recorded and released. In her early recording career she had recorded many songs from the Great American Songbook, but unlike Frank Sinatra, Ella Fitzgerald, and many other artists, she had never recorded a complete album of songs by one composer. The songs on the album are all taken from the popular musicals of Andrew Lloyd Webber, that he wrote with various lyricists. The oldest song found on the album is from the 1971 musical Jesus Christ Superstar which originally opened on Broadway in October of that year. Bringing it up to date the album also includes two songs from Sunset Boulevard which had recently premiered on July 12, 1993 in London's West End.
Four songs had previously been recorded by Bassey: "I Don't Know How To Love Him" in 1972 for the album And I Love You So, "Don't Cry for Me Argentina" in 1978 for the album The Magic Is You, "Memory" in 1984 for the B-side of the European single "That's Right" and "All I Ask of You" in 1991 for the album Keep the Music Playing. Several TV performances and interviews were made by Bassey to promote this album. The album entered the UK Albums Chart on December 4, 1993 and peaked at No. 34.
Track listing
"Memory" (Andrew Lloyd Webber, Trevor Nunn, based on work from T. S. Eliot) (from Cats) – 5.02
"Starlight Express" (Webber, Richard Stilgoe) (from Starlight Express) – 3.04
"All I Ask of You" (Webber, Charles Hart, Stilgoe) (from The Phantom of the Opera) – 4.05
"I Don't Know How to Love Him" (Webber, Tim Rice) (from Jesus Christ Superstar) – 4.15
"Macavity" (Webber, Trevor Nunn, based on work from T. S. Eliot) (from Cats) – 3.17
"Chanson D'Enfance" (Webber, Hart, Don Black) (from Aspects of Love) – 2.28
"With One Look" (Webber, Christopher Hampton, Black) (from Sunset Boulevard) – 3.44
"Tell Me on a Sunday" (Webber, Black) (from Song and Dance) – 3.33
"The Last Man in My Life" (Webber, Black) (from Song and Dance) – 3.38
"Don't Cry for Me Argentina" (Webber, Rice) (from Evita) – 5.13
"Wishing You Were Somehow Here Again" (Webber, Hart, Stilgoe)(from The Phantom of the Opera) – 3.25
"As If We Never Said Goodbye" (Webber, Hampton, Black) (from Sunset Boulevard) – 3.47
"Memory" (reprise) (Webber, Nunn, based on work from T. S. Eliot) (from Cats) – 1.09
References
Shirley Bassey albums
1993 albums
Tribute albums
Music for Pleasure (record label) albums
Andrew Lloyd Webber
Inges Kattehjem is Denmark's largest cat organisation. Founded in 1970, Inges Kattehjem provides new homes for more than 3,000 homeless cats every year through shelters all across Denmark.
Inges Kattehjem runs Dansk Katteregister, a database containing information about earmarked and chipped cats.
External links
Dansk Katteregister
Animal welfare organizations based in Denmark
Nessco Building is a skyscraper in Tripoli, Libya. The 26 story building was completed in 2007.
See also
Skyscraper design and construction
List of the tallest buildings in Africa
References
Buildings and structures in Tripoli
Commercial buildings completed in 2007
2007 establishments in Libya
Pakkinti Ammayi is a 1981 Indian Telugu-language comedy film directed by K. Vasu and produced by A. Sarathi. It is a remake of the 1953 Telugu film of the same name which in itself was a remake of the Bengali-language film Pasher Bari (1952) based on the namesake short story by Arun Chowdhury. The film stars Jayasudha, Chandra Mohan, SP Balasubrahmanyam, and Chakravarthi in key roles. The music was composed by Chakravarthi who also played the role of a music teacher in the film. The movie released on 27 November 1981 and was not commercially successful.
Plot
Buchi Babu (Chandra Mohan) stays next to the house of Indu (Jayasudha). She madly likes dance and music very much. She appoints a music teacher. She does not like the actions of Buchi Babu. But he likes her very much and even loves her. He takes the help of some friends and tries to impress her showing that he knows music very well. She involves her teacher against Buchi Babu. He takes the help of his friend Balaraju (S. P. Balasubrahmanyam) and acts as if he is the one singing songs, while Balaraju is singing from the background. As a result Indu almost likes him. But after knowing that he is not the singer, she changes her mind. Buchi Babu acts suicidal for her refusal. Indu finally changes her mind and loves him.
Cast
Jayasudha as Indira "Indu"
Chandra Mohan as Buchi Babu
Chakravarthy as Siva Nataraja Bhagavatar
S. P. Balasubrahmanyam as Bala Raju
Mada as Buchi Babu's friend
Hema Sundar as Indu's father
Prabhakar Reddy as Buchi Babu's maternal uncle
Music
The music of the film was composed by K. Chakravarthy. The lyrics were written by Arudra, Veturi, and Gopi.
"Ragam Ragam"
"Indu Naa Kallaku Vindu"
"Idi Sangeeta Samaramu"
"Ivi Edabatula"
"Music Bit"
"Pakkinti Ammayi"
References
External links
1980s Telugu-language films
1981 films
The Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Parma () is a Ruthenian Greek Catholic Church ecclesiastical territory or eparchy of the Catholic Church in the United States. Its episcopal seat is the Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in Parma, Ohio and its bishop is Milan Lach, SJ.
It is a suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the metropolitan Archeparchy of Pittsburgh (and dependent upon the Roman Congregation for the Oriental Churches) and is the eparchy for the Midwestern United States. While not the only Byzantine Rite Eastern Catholic eparchy with the episcopal see of Parma, the title "Byzantine Catholic" in its name refers to the title under which the Ruthenian Greek Catholic Church operates in the United States.
Statistics
, the Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Parma pastorally served 9,020 Eastern Catholics in Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri and Ohio in 28 parishes and 5 missions with 36 priests (diocesan), 16 deacons, 6 lay religious (6 sisters), 2 seminarians. Ten parishes in the Youngstown, Ohio area are part of the Byzantine Catholic Archeparchy of Pittsburgh.
History
The eparchy was erected on 21 February 1969 by Pope Paul VI as the Eparchy of Parma (of the Ruthenians) / Eparchia Parmen(sis) Ruthenorum (Latin), on US territory split off from its present Metropolitan, then the Eparchy (Diocese) of Pittsburgh). On 22 March 1969, Father John Mihalik was appointed as its first ordinary. He was consecrated as its eparch by Archbishop Stephen Kocisko on 12 June 1969. On 30 May 1983, Father Andrew Pataki was appointed as the Auxiliary Bishop of the Eparchy of Passaic and consecrated by Kocisko on 23 August 1983 with the title of Titular Bishop of Telmissus. When Mihalik died on 27 January 1984 Parma's see became sede vacante. Pataki was appointed as the eparch on June 19, 1984 and was installed on August 16, 1985.
The eparchy lost ecclesiastical territory on 3 December 1981 when the Eparchy of Van Nuys was erected.
Episcopal Ordinaries
The following bishops have been appointed as ordinaries of Parma eparchy.
Emil John Mihalik (1969-1984)
Andrew Pataki (1984-1995), appointed Bishop of Passaic of the Ruthenians
Basil Myron Schott, O.F.M., (1996-2002), appointed Archbishop of Pittsburgh of the Ruthenians
John Michael Kudrick (2002-2016)
Milan Lach, S.J. (2018–present)
Churches
St. Basil the Great Byzantine Catholic Church Sterling Heights, MI
Sacred Heart Byzantine Catholic Church Livonia, MI
St. Michael Byzantine Catholic Church Toledo
St. Louis Byzantine Catholic Mission St. Louis, Missouri
Cathedral of Saint John the Baptist Parma, Ohio
St. John the Baptist Byzantine Catholic Church Minneapolis, Minnesota
St. Mary Byzantine Catholic Church Marblehead, Ohio
See also
Byzantine Catholic Metropolitan Church of Pittsburgh
Byzantine Catholic Archeparchy of Pittsburgh
Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Passaic
Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Phoenix
Byzantine Catholic Exarchate of Saints Cyril and Methodius of Toronto
References
Sources and external links
Ruthenian Catholic Eparchy of Parma Official Site
The Archeparchy of Pittsburgh
Metropolia of Pittsburgh
GCatholic, with Google map -data for all sections
Eparchy of Parma (Ruthenian) at Catholic-Hierarchy.org
Parma
Parma
Parma, Ohio
Parma
Christian organizations established in 1969
Rusyn-American culture in Illinois
Rusyn-American culture in Ohio
1969 establishments in the United States
Eastern Catholicism in Ohio
Nugent Barker (1888–1955) was an Irish writer. Little is known about him, but he is thought to have come from an old Irish family, the Nugents of County Westmeath. He is remembered for the evocative ghost story "Whessoe", and the grimly humorous "Curious Adventure of Mr Bond". Barker studied at Cheltenham College, where one of his classmates was Herman Cyril McNeile, who later wrote thrillers under the pseudonym "Sapper".
Stories and ratings
Although rated highly by contemporaries – Edward Joseph Harrington O'Brien's The Best British Stories of 1929, is dedicated to him – little is known of his life. The twenty-one tales in Written With My Left Hand, first collected in 1950, are thought to represent his total of literary output.
The reprint of "Whessoe" in the Best British Short Stories of 1929 contains the only biographical note extant. It stated that he was educated at Cheltenham College and began his career as a black–and–white artist. When in 1914 the doctors failed to pass him into the army on account of his eyes, he devoted himself entirely to literature. The note added that he lived in London.
Barker indeed lived at 16 Tite Street, Chelsea in the late 1920s, a house previously occupied by Oscar Wilde. Barker lived there until his death in 1955.
Richard Dalby has described Barker as the author of "many excellent short stories". Douglas A. Anderson opined in a Foreword to a later edition of Written With My Left Hand that Barker ranks alongside fellow 20th-century exponents of the strange story, Walter de la Mare and John Metcalfe.
Bibliography
Written With My Left Hand, Percival Marshall & Co. (London), 1951. Ditto, Tartarus Press, 2002
References
External links
http://www.tartaruspress.com/b7.htm
http://www.jb.man.ac.uk/~agg/ghosts/#barkern
English short story writers
Ghost story writers
English horror writers
English fantasy writers
1888 births
1955 deaths
Andrei Ahmed Bani Mustafa (born 22 August 2002) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or a winger for Liga I club Dinamo București.
Club career
Bani joined the youth setup of Dinamo București in 2015, having previously played for Pro Luceafărul București.
He made his professional debut for the former team on 23 February 2020, aged 17, in a 0–1 Liga I loss to Gaz Metan Mediaș. On 5 July that year, Bani scored his first goal in a 3–1 away win over Academica Clinceni.
Personal life
Bani are born in Bucharest to a Romanian mother and a father from Jordan.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Andrei Bani at Liga Profesionistă de Fotbal
2002 births
Living people
Footballers from Bucharest
Romanian footballers
Romanian people of Arab descent
Association football midfielders
Association football wingers
Liga I players
FC Dinamo București players
Romania youth international footballers
Monkman & Seagull's Genius Guide to Britain is a BBC documentary series presented by Eric Monkman and Bobby Seagull, a duo who met as rivals on the quiz programme University Challenge and became friends, coauthors and radio-show co-hosts. The show is a road trip around the United Kingdom and focuses on British scientific and technological ingenuity and has a voiceover supplied by Simon Callow.
The show aired in September and October 2018 and was recommissioned for a second series which became a new series Monkman & Seagull's Genius Adventures, which was broadcast in three 60-minute episodes in May 2020.
Episodes
Reception
Sarah Hughes in i called the series "entertaining, eccentric, and well-informed" and praised the pair's unforced eccentricity and natural rapport.
Rebecca Nicholson in The Guardian also praised the warmth and appeal of their friendship but said that the show felt a bit "skittish" by not staying at locations for long enough.
In The Evening Standard, Katie Law said there was insufficient chemistry between them and that none of their observations is especially nuanced or perceptive.
Notes
References
External links
2018 British television series debuts
2018 British television series endings
BBC television documentaries about science
Documentary television series about technology
Industrial history of the United Kingdom
Works about the history of industries
Fort Montagne à la Bosse (literally "Hump Mountain") was a North West Company trading post from 1790 until 1805 or after. It was located near Virden, Manitoba on the Assiniboine River at the point where the river bends from southeast to east.
For background see Assiniboine River fur trade. At some point it was closed and reopened in 1794. It was on the prairie and produced buffalo and wolf skins more than beaver, but its primary product was pemmican to feed the voyageurs further north. At one time it and Fort Esperance produced the bulk to the NWC's buffalo meat. As the southwesternmost post it had some contact with the Mandans in North Dakota, but the main Mandan trade was from Brandon House. During the Lewis and Clark Expedition there was an exchange of messages with the explorers at Fort Mandan and Fort Montagne à la Bosse. In 1805 François-Antoine Larocque left here on his journey to the Yellowstone River.
It was in a stockade of 200 by 250 feet on a high bank that overlooked the surrounding plain. The location is marked by a cairn near about 2.5 miles east of Virden. The original site was destroyed by gravel extraction either for the Canadian Pacific Railway or for the old Highway No 1. Peter Grant had an ill-documented post nearby.
References
Elizabeth Browne Losey, "Let Then Be Remembered: The Story of the Fur Trade Forts",1999, page 172-173
Town of Virden web site:
North West Company forts
Montagne a la Bosse
Cameron Nordli-Kelemeti (born 20 September 1999) is a Fijian rugby union player for Newcastle Falcons in Premiership Rugby, the top division of English rugby union. His primary position is scrum half.
He has previously played for Jersey Reds in the RFU Championship on loan.
Career
Nordli-Kelemeti was born in Fiji, he was raised by his grandmother after his mother died when he was six years-old. Initially educated at LDS Primary school in Suva, at 11 he moved to Terrington Hall Prep School in North Yorkshire, England, on a scholarship. He then attended Durham School and after playing for Newcastle Falcons' under 18s he signed a full time contract with Newcastle in February 2018.
In November 2018 he made his first team debut for Newcastle as a substitute in a Premiership Rugby Cup win away to Harlequins. In February 2021, he joined Jersey Reds on loan in the RFU Championship, playing three times. His league debut for Newcastle came in 2021, as a replacement again against Harlequins.
References
Fijian rugby union players
1999 births
Living people
Newcastle Falcons players
Jersey Reds players
Rugby union scrum-halves
The Myanmar Grand Royal Challenge Cup is a football tournament held in Myanmar. Club sides and national teams take part at the competition.
The competition was first held in 2005.
Champions
Teams' achievements
Below is the record of teams which participated at the Myanmar Grand Royal Challenge Cup.
International association football competitions hosted by Myanmar
Jaime de Angulo (1887–1950) was a linguist, novelist, and ethnomusicologist in the western United States. He was born in Paris of Spanish parents. He came to America in 1905 to become a cowboy, and eventually arrived in San Francisco on the eve of the great 1906 earthquake. He lived a picaresque life including stints as a cowboy, medical doctor and psychologist, a decade of field work in Native American linguistics and anthropology, and over forty years participation in the literary-artistic-bohemian culture of the San Francisco Bay Area.
Career
De Angulo began his career in field linguistics and anthropology at the University of California, Berkeley in the early 1920s, shortly after his marriage to L. S. ("Nancy") Freeland. (He had already acquired an M.D. from Johns Hopkins and done research in biology at Stanford.) During the next decade he and his wife lived for intermittent periods among several native Californian tribes to study their cultures, languages and music. As a linguist he contributed to the knowledge of more than a dozen native Northern Californian and Mexican Indian languages and music-systems and collected additional field data on their cultures and oral traditions. De Angulo was particularly interested in the semantics of grammatical systems of the tribes he studied, and was a pioneer in the study of North American ethnomusicology, particularly in his recordings of native music, and he was especially concerned to develop an existential understanding of Native American cosmology, social psychology, values and culture. From the perspective of the academic scholarship of the period, this amounted to "going native." His key exposition of this matter is “Indians In Overalls”, first published in 1950 in The Hudson Review and subsequently as a book.
De Angulo corresponded with Franz Boas, Alfred L. Kroeber, and Edward Sapir. Much of his fieldwork was funded by the American Council of Learned Societies Committee on Research in Native American Languages, under direction chiefly of Boas, and in part through Kroeber, head of Berkeley's Department of Anthropology, which published some of it and which archives some of his notes.
As a phonetician, he was largely self-taught. He had no formal training in the field, but acquired a basis in the discipline and discourse from trained linguists he worked with, including Nancy Freeland; by his own account his correspondence seeking instruction "exhausted Sapir's patience". In one case, the accuracy of his record has been questioned, and some linguistic work attributed to him was done by his wife. Boas, Kroeber, and finally Sapir also had qualms about his reliability, and Boas suspected that some of his analysis of Achumawi was imaginary and not based on actual observation, but these leaders in the still-emergent field of Americanist linguistics had an urgent need to get workers of any competence into the field while indigenous languages were still spoken.
De Angulo's Bohemian lifestyle disconcerted college manners and social hypocrisies and contributed to his not pursuing a normal academic career. His involvement in Native American research effectively came to an end following the death of his son Alvar in an automobile accident in 1933, near Big Sur. He retired to the isolated hilltop ranch there where he had lived intermittently for many years, and which he had first homesteaded after the 1915 failure of his ranch in Alturas. At this point his writings took a turn into fiction and poetry, much of which he justified as alternative techniques of presenting in accessible format the ethnographic detail he had collected. This was especially true for his bestseller, Indian Tales. Much of his fictional work attempted to recognize and embrace the native "coyote tales", or the trickster wisdom inherent in native storytelling. Ezra Pound called him "the American Ovid" and William Carlos Williams "one of the most outstanding writers I have ever encountered." de Angulo also went on to tutor numerous famous authors including Jack Spicer in linguistics, and Robert Duncan in North American shamanic sorcery; he appears as a character in Jack Kerouac's books.
Perceptions of de Angulo swing wildly; he is seen variously as a gifted but inconsistent field ethnographer, an ‘‘Old Coyote,'' an anarchist hero and talented subversive. Some (including Pound and Williams) regarded him as an accomplished poet. De Angulo shaped and diversified the scholarly picture of the native Californian landscape. His re-envisioning of the ontological status of Native American cosmology and ethnology anticipated the Deep Ecology and Back To The Pleistocene thought of the 1990s. He was friend and colleague to poets, composers, and scholars such as Harry Partch, Henry Miller, Robinson Jeffers, Mary Austin, Henry Cowell, Carl Jung, D. H. Lawrence, Kenneth Rexroth, Robert Duncan, and many others and an important participant in the San Francisco bay area's literary and cultural avant garde from his arrival until his death.
Works
Coyote Man and Old Doctor Loon (San Francisco, Turtle Island, 1973)
Coyote's Bones (San Francisco, Turtle Island, 1974)
Indians in Overalls (Hudson Review, 1950; San Francisco, Turtle Island, 1973)', "his first linguistic field trip - in 1921 - to the Achumawi tribe"
Indian Tales, A.A. Wyn and Hill & Wang (1953)
Indian Tales were read live on KPFA radio in the 1949 (prior to book publication), and released as a recording
"Home Among The Swinging Stars: Collected Poems," ed. Stefan Hyner (Albuquerque, La Alameda Press, 2006)
The Lariat (San Francisco, Turtle Island, 1974)
"Don Bartolomeo" (San Francisco, Turtle Island, 1974)
Old Time Stories, Volume 1: Shabegok. Turtle Island, 1976
Old Time Stories, Volume 2: How The World Was Made. Turtle Island, 1976
Further reading
A Jaime de Angulo Reader, edited by Bob Callahan
The Music of the California Indians, edited by Peter Garland
Jaime in Taos: The Taos Papers of Jamie de Angulo, by Gui de Angulo (Jaime's daughter)
The Old Coyote of Big Sur: The Life of Jaime de Angulo, by Gui de Angulo
Tracks Along the Left Coast: Jaime de Angulo & the Pacific Coast, by Andrew Schelling (Berkeley, Counterpoint, 2017).
An Homage to Jaime de Angulo : a North American Ovid, by Eisenberg, Barry (Sonoma State University, English MA thesis, 1989)
References
External links
Finding Aid for the Jaime de Angulo Papers, ca. 1890-1982, UCLA, Special Collections, Charles E. Young Research Library
Jaime de Angulo papers at the California Language Archive
Indian Tales from KPFA audio archives
Jaime on native song
Franz Boas Papers at the American Philosophical Society (includes de Angulo's 1927-1942 correspondence with Boas)
American ethnomusicologists
American anthropologists
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American male writers
French emigrants to the United States
University of California, Berkeley alumni
1887 births
1950 deaths
French people of Spanish descent
20th-century American poets
American male novelists
American male poets
American male short story writers
20th-century American short story writers
Big Sur
20th-century anthropologists
The Equatorie of the Planetis is a 14th-century scientific work which describes the construction and use of an equatorium. It was first studied in the early 1950s by Derek J. Price, and was formerly attributed to Geoffrey Chaucer. However, in 2014 it was shown to be written in the hand of the St Albans monk John Westwyk. It is largely written in Middle English, with some additions in Latin. It is accompanied by extensive astronomical tables, with Latin headings and annotations.
Manuscript
Peterhouse MS 75 was a composite manuscript. In the early 1950s, after Price discovered the Equatorie in it, the manuscript was split into two parts (and both parts rebound): MS 75.I, containing the Equatorie, and MS 75.II, containing works by Nicholas Trivet and Vegetius.
MS 75.I have two parts: fol. 1r-71r contains largely astronomical tables, and some astrological material, in two hands; 71v-78v contains the text of the Equatorie treatise. The parchment is of varying quality, with ten quires of pages measuring 365x260mm (except for the last quires). The ink is brown; there are signs of dampness on the upper edge, especially in the first quire, with some blurring in the fourth quire on the top of the pages. According to Rand Schmidt, the dampness and the wear and tear on some of the quires is evidence that the quires spent some time unbound.
The text contains references to 31 December 1392, and this is used as a baseline date for many of the tables. John North showed that the text was written during the first nine months of 1393. How it came to Peterhouse is not known, but it probably happened during the 15th century; around 1538 it is entered in Peterhouse catalog, as Tab. aequ. planetarum autore Simon Bredon. The Equatorie occupies eight leaves of the manuscript; the phrase Radix chaucer appears on fol. 5v.
The manuscript has been digitised for the Cambridge University Digital Library website, together with a virtual model of the equatorium.
"Radix chaucer"
On f. 5v, in a note on a page full of tables, the manuscript has the number "1392", followed by that number in sexagesimal notation, and the text "deffea xpi & Rxa chaucer". Price, and following him other scholars, expanded this as "differentia Christi et radix Chaucer"—or "the difference (in number of days) between (the year of Christ) and the (year of the) radix of Chaucer"—the radix in question then being the year 1392. F.N. Robinson was not convinced that this (third-person) reference indicated Chaucer's authorship. However, John North argued that the attachment of a name to a relatively "trivial" piece of data made it likely that this was a case of self-citation.
Discovery and authorship
The manuscript was in the library of Peterhouse, Cambridge by 1538, and probably by 1472. It was discovered there by the historian Derek de Solla Price in December 1951. Although the 19th-century manuscript catalogue stated that the manuscript contained "directions for making an astrolabe (?)", Price identified the instrument as a planetary equatorium. He argued that the manuscript was authored by, and written in the hand of, Geoffrey Chaucer. This was a controversial claim, and was treated with some scepticism by Chaucer scholars, though it received influential backing from the historian of astronomy John North. The manuscript was shown to be in the hand of John Westwyk by Kari Anne Rand in 2014. Further evidence for Westwyk's authorship was revealed by Seb Falk in a book published in 2020.
Debate
Price published an abstract in 1953, and the whole text (facsimile, transcription, and studies of the manuscript) in 1955. He maintained the possibility that Chaucer authored the Equatorie, possibly as the missing part of his A Treatise on the Astrolabe, which describes the astrolabe; the Equatorie makes direct reference to it. He argued that the manuscript was a holograph draft, written in the hand of its author, as shown by the many additions and corrections in the manuscript.
Price offered five points as indicators of Chaucer's authorship:
Style and scientific treatment of the material are similar to A Treatise on the Astrolabe;
The text mentions that the year 1392 is the "Radix" (or "root") of Chaucer;
The main hand (including that of the "Radix" note) resembled, Price thought, a document likely written in Chaucer's hand;
Linguistic similarities between the Equatorie and Chaucer's work, including "verbal echoes of the Astrolabe;
The author is influenced by Merton's school of astronomy but lives in London, and the writing is that of an amateur, not a professional astronomer; in addition, the writer is familiar with "the diplomatic cipher methods of his time"—all elements that correspond with Chaucer's biography.
Following the publication of the facsimile and transcription, G. Herdan published an article in which he concluded, based upon the percentage of words in the Equatorie of "Romance vocabulary" (which includes words from Old French, Anglo-Norman French, and Latin), that Chaucer was indeed the author: "The agreement between observation and expectation, or between fact and theory, is so striking that without going further into the question of statistical significance we may conclude that by the token of Romance vocabulary the Equatorie is to be regarded as a work by Chaucer".
However, Price's arguments were challenged in various ways. His claim that the manuscript was a draft in the hand of its author was disputed, though ultimately the evidence does seem to support it. More significantly, Price's claim that the handwriting was that of Geoffrey Chaucer was disproved by analysis by Kari Anne Rand Schmidt.
In 2014 Kari Anne Rand identified the hand as belonging to John Westwyk.
Content
The text describes the construction of an equatorium, an instrument comparable to the astrolabe – but where an astrolabe shows the positions of the stars, an equatorium computes them for the planets, according to the Geocentric model of Ptolemy. The instrument is constructed from two discs, six feet in diameter. One of them is solid, and is marked with characteristics of the orbits of the various planets: their apogee, their equants, and other centres. The other disc consists of "a ring, a diametral bar, and a rule pivoted at the centre of the bar". The two discs are joined and simulate the motions of each of the planets. A divided circle around the rims of the two discs allow for the transferral of information from sets of tables (the Alfonsine tables, from a Parisian document) that contain the data for each planet.
The design was based on earlier equatoria, but refined for greater ease of manufacture and use. It permits the user to find the longitudes of any classical planet (including the Sun and Moon, as well as the lunar latitude).
Cipher
A cipher is used for some comments on the tables, and Price gave the key. He could not, however, discern what the rationale of or the ordering behind the key was – whether it was perhaps based on some medieval version of the Greek alphabet, or whether there was "some key-phrase or sentence such as a name or family motto" behind it.
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Cambridge Digital Library: Equatorie of the Planetis Digitised images, transcription, translation & virtual model of Peterhouse MS 75.I.
Seb Falk: What's the difference between an astrolabe and an equatorium Blog post.
14th-century books
Works by Geoffrey Chaucer
Astronomy books
Middle English literature
Gidgegannup Important Bird Area is a highly fragmented tract of land, where the fragments are patches. of remnant native vegetation, bounded by a circle roughly 12 km in diameter. It is in south-western Western Australia about 30 km north-east of Perth and on the edge of the Perth suburban region. The towns of Gidgegannup and Parkerville lie on the periphery. It has been identified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area (IBA) because it supports at least 450 Baudins black-cockatoos, as well as small numbers of Carnaby's black-cockatoos, in roost sites outside the breeding season within foraging range of feeding habitat. The IBA also supports red-capped parrots, rufous treecreepers, western spinebills, western thornbills and western yellow robins.
References
Wheatbelt (Western Australia)
Important Bird Areas of Western Australia
Dichogama obsolescens is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1912. It is found on Grenada in the West Indies.
References
Moths described in 1912
Dichogamini
Brandon Prideaux (born August 18, 1976 in Seattle, Washington) is a former American professional soccer player, currently an assistant coach for the men's soccer team at the University of Washington.
Prideaux spent virtually his entire professional in Major League Soccer, playing for the Kansas City Wizards, D.C. United, the Colorado Rapids and Chicago Fire. His final game as a professional was on November 14, 2009, when his Fire team lost on penalties to Real Salt Lake in the 2009 MLS Cup Eastern Conference playoff final.
Early life and college
Prideaux is a native of Renton, Washington and a graduate of Kentridge High School.
Prideaux played college soccer for the University of Washington from 1994 to 1997.
Playing career
Upon graduating from college in 1998, Prideaux joined the Seattle Sounders of the A-League. He excelled for the Sounders, registering two goals and ten assists while leading the team in minutes played.
Prideaux's performance in the A-League attracted the attention of MLS, and he signed with the Kansas City Wizards for the 1999 season; he played in 15 games, starting 8, registering one assist. In his second year with the Wizards, Prideaux seized a starting role, starting all 31 of the games he played in, and helped lead the Wizards to an MLS Cup, playing a part in one of the best defenses in the league's history. Prideaux played with the Wizards one more season, before being traded to D.C. United for Stephen Armstrong prior to the 2002 season.
Prideaux started 53 of 55 games he played for D.C. in 2002 and 2003, but had his starting position challenged in 2004 with the emergence of Josh Gros, and a tactical shift that led the team to play a 3-5-2 formation more often. Nevertheless, he started 16 games, and was a useful role player for the club. In 2005, he resumed his regular role, starting 28 of 29 games, but served primarily as a backup in 2006, playing in only 9 matches after suffering a knee injury. While in D.C., Prideaux coached the NCSL division 1 Arlington Warriors, and led them to great success in Metro area league. Prideaux has yet to score a goal after eight years in MLS and currently holds the record for most matches played without scoring having succeeded Nick Garcia after the latter finally scored his first in June 2006.
On December 15, 2006, D.C. United traded Prideaux to the Colorado Rapids in exchange for two draft picks.
Prideaux was waived by the Colorado Rapids on March 4, 2008, and was picked up by the Chicago Fire in the MLS Waiver Draft.
Prideaux announced his retirement from MLS on June 9, 2009, effective at the end of the season.
Coaching
Prideaux became an assistant coach at the University of Washington on January 1, 2010.
After his MLS career, he returned to his alma-mater where he is currently the assistant coach. His coaching style is known for taking examples of himself and his experience in the MLS.
References
External links
MLS player profile
Seattle United coach profile
1976 births
Living people
American soccer players
Sporting Kansas City players
D.C. United players
Colorado Rapids players
Chicago Fire FC players
Seattle Sounders (1994–2008) players
USISL A-League players
University of Washington alumni
Washington Huskies men's soccer players
Soccer players from Seattle
Major League Soccer players
Sporting Kansas City draft picks
Association football defenders
Progesterone 3-oxime (P4-3-O), also known as 3-(hydroxyimino)pregn-4-en-3-one, is a progesterone derivative which was never marketed. It is a progestogen oxime – specifically, the C3 oxime of the progestogen progesterone. Progesterone C3 and C20 oxime conjugates, like progesterone 3-(O-carboxymethyl)oxime, have been found to be water-soluble prodrugs of progesterone and pregnane neurosteroids.
See also
List of progestogen esters § Oximes of progesterone derivatives
References
Abandoned drugs
Ketones
Pregnanes
Progestogens
Steroid oximes
Ketoximes
Vivekananda College may refer to one of several education institutes:
Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda College, in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
Vivekananda College, Madhyamgram, in Madhyamgram, West Bengal, India
Vivekananda College, Madurai, in Thiruvedagam, Tamil Nadu, India
Vivekananda Degree College, Puttur, in Puttur, Karnataka, India
Orr's Hill Vivekananda College, in Trincomalee, Sri Lanka
Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Centenary College, in Rahara, West Bengal, India
Vivekananda Mahavidyalaya, in Burdwan, West Bengal, India
Sri Ram Dayal Khemka Vivekananda Vidyalaya Junior College, in Thiruvottiyur, north Chennai, India
Vivekananda College, Alipurduar, in Alipurduar, West Bengal, India
Fábio Assunção Pinto (born August 10, 1971) is a Brazilian actor.
In 2011, he was nominated for the International Emmy Award for Best Actor for his role in the miniseries Dalva e Herivelto: uma Canção de Amor.
Early life
Born in São Paulo, Brazil. He took piano lessons for two and a half years, after classical guitar, folk, singing and choir in his childhood. When he was only 15 years old, knowing how to play guitar and piano, he even started a band called Delta T, but the dream ended up lacking money and time to practice.
Fábio started university and went to study advertising, until one day he saw an announcement of a theater course at the Fundação das Artes in São Caetano do Sul, which he decided to do. That was the beginning of a brilliant career. A week after taking his resume to Rede Globo and being chosen for a test, he was already recording Meu Bem, Meu Mal, his first soap opera. Subsequently, several other works followed, becoming one of Gilberto Braga's favorite actors.
Personal life
Assunção is a Spiritist. In 2017 after new drug problems, he received support from Rede Globo for treatment of addiction in Argentina. In the same year, he joined the Workers' Party.
Filmography
Television
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Male actors from São Paulo
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
Brazilian male film actors
Brazilian male television actors
Brazilian spiritualists
Workers' Party (Brazil) politicians
20th-century Brazilian male actors
21st-century Brazilian male actors
"Firelight" is the third single from Dutch symphonic metal and rock band Within Temptation's seventh studio album Resist, and features guest vocals from Jasper Steverlinck of Arid. It was released worldwide via digital download and streaming on 23 November 2018.
Background
"Firelight" is a ballad song originally composed for Sharon den Adel's solo album My Indigo. The song was at that time considered too dark to fit the release, and then was put on hold. After meeting Jasper Steverlinck on a flemish tv show, den Adel invited the singer to do a part on the song as she found that they had a real connection and their voices matched well together. After some reworking, it then ended up appearing on den Adel's band Within Temptation seventh studio album Resist official tracklist. The song is considered dark and atmospheric and, according to Metal Hammer, it oscillates between a "mystic goth and dark folk" mood. It later entered the Ultratip Bubbling Under charts in Belgium.
Track listing
Personnel
Within Temptation
Sharon den Adel – lead vocals
Ruud Jolie – guitars
Stefan Helleblad – guitars
Martijn Spierenburg – keyboards
Jeroen van Veen – bass guitar
Mike Coolen – drums
Additional musicians
Jasper Steverlinck – guest vocals
Charts
References
2018 singles
2018 songs
Within Temptation songs
Songs written by Sharon den Adel
Male–female vocal duets
McDonough County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 32,612. Its county seat is Macomb.
The Macomb, IL Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of McDonough County.
History
McDonough County is named in honor of Thomas Macdonough who defeated a British squadron in the decisive naval Battle of Lake Champlain in the War of 1812. McDonough County was part of the "Military Tract" set aside by Congress for veterans of the War of 1812.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
The county has the unusual distinction of forming a perfect square by Mercator map projection. The county seat, Macomb, is in the center of the county, and the courthouse is almost precisely in the center of the county.
Public transit
Go West Transit
Macomb station
Major highways
U.S. Route 67
U.S. Route 136
Illinois Route 9
Illinois Route 41
Illinois Route 61
Illinois Route 95
Illinois Route 110
Adjacent counties
Henderson County - northwest
Warren County - north
Fulton County - east
Schuyler County - south
Hancock County - west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 32,612 people, 13,057 households, and 6,724 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 14,419 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 90.4% white, 5.0% black or African American, 1.8% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.7% from other races, and 1.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.0% were German, 14.7% were American, 13.7% were Irish, 12.7% were English, and 5.1% were Italian.
Of the 13,057 households, 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 48.5% were non-families, and 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.80. The median age was 28.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $33,702 and the median income for a family was $52,390. Males had a median income of $42,297 versus $28,530 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,344. About 12.8% of families and 23.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.7% of those under age 18 and 9.4% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
McDonough County is located in Illinois' 18th Congressional District and is currently represented by Republican Darin LaHood. For the Illinois House of Representatives, the county is located in the 93rd district and is currently represented by Republican Norine Hammond. The county is located in the 47th district of the Illinois Senate, and is currently represented by Republican Jil Tracy.
In presidential elections, McDonough County was once reliably Republican, voting for the Republican candidate in all but two elections (1912 & 1932) from 1892 to 1988. Since 1988, the county has become more competitive, with Democrats carrying the county three out of seven times and holding the Republican candidate's margin of victory to under four points three times. In 2020, however, McDonough County went for Trump by a margin of 16.5%.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Macomb have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1905 and a record high of was recorded in August 1934. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Communities
Cities
Bushnell
Colchester
Macomb (seat)
Villages
Bardolph
Blandinsville
Good Hope
Industry
Prairie City
Sciota
Tennessee
Census-designated places
Adair
Georgetown
Other unincorporated place
Colmar
Doddsville
Fandon
Scottsburg
Walnut Grove
Townships
Bethel Township
Blandinsville Township
Bushnell Township
Chalmers Township
Colchester Township
Eldorado Township
Emmet Township
Hire Township
Industry Township
Lamoine Township
Macomb Township
Macomb City Township
Mound Township
New Salem Township
Prairie City Township
Sciota Township
Scotland Township
Tennessee Township
Walnut Grove Township
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in McDonough County, Illinois
References
External links
http://www.outfitters.com/illinois/mcdonough/
https://web.archive.org/web/20071012114524/http://www.cyberdriveillinois.com/departments/archives/irad/mcdonough.html
McDonough County website
1826 establishments in Illinois
Illinois counties
Populated places established in 1826
Dirck Hals (19 March 1591 – 17 May 1656), born at Haarlem, was a Dutch Golden Age painter of merry company scenes, festivals and ballroom scenes. He played a role in the development of these types of genre painting. He was somewhat influenced by his elder brother Frans Hals, but painted few portraits.
Biography
According to Houbraken he was the brother of the painter Frans Hals and was specialized in small paintings of "conversation pieces" or "merry companies" (Dutch: Gezelschapjes), scenes of small groups drinking and enjoying themselves. The Haarlem writer Samuel Ampzing mentions both brothers in his Praise of Haarlem with a poem stating that both brothers were exceptional; Frans painting his portraits "awake", and Dirck painting his figures "purely".
According to the RKD he worked in Leiden in 1641 and 1648, and was an influence on the painters Nathaniel Bacon, Johann Hulsman, and Willem Cornelisz Duyster. His son Anthonie also became a painter. He was buried in the Waalse Kerk (Haarlem).
References
Dirck Hals on Artnet
Works and literature on Dirck Hals
1591 births
1656 deaths
Artists from Haarlem
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
Sibling artists
Dirck
Fort Necessity National Battlefield is a National Battlefield in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States, which preserves the site of the Battle of Fort Necessity. The battle, which took place on July 3, 1754, was an early battle of the French and Indian War, and resulted in the surrender of British colonial forces under Colonel George Washington, to the French and Indians, under Louis Coulon de Villiers.
The site also includes the Mount Washington Tavern, once one of the inns along the National Road, and in two separate units the grave of British General Edward Braddock, killed in 1755, and the site of the Battle of Jumonville Glen.
Battle of Fort Necessity (1754)
After returning to the great meadows in northwestern Virginia, and what is now Fayette County, Pennsylvania, George Washington decided it prudent to reinforce his position. Supposedly named by Washington as Fort Necessity or Fort of Necessity, the structure protected a storehouse for supplies such as gunpowder, rum, and flour. The crude palisade they erected was built more to defend supplies in the fort's storehouse from Washington's own men, whom he described as "loose and idle", than as a planned defense against a hostile enemy. The sutler of Washington's force was John Fraser, who earlier had been second-in-command at Fort Prince George. Later he served as Chief Scout to General Edward Braddock and then Chief Teamster to the Forbes Expedition.
By June 13, 1754, Washington had under his command 295 colonials and the nominal command of 100 additional regular British army troops from South Carolina. Washington spent the remainder of June 1754 extending the wilderness road further west and down the western slopes of the Allegheny range into the valley of the Monongahela River. He wanted to create a river crossing point roughly away, near Redstone Creek and Redstone Old Fort.
This was a prehistoric Native American earthwork mound on a bluff overlooking the river crossing. The aboriginal mound structure may have once been part of a fortification. Five years later in the war, Fort Burd was constructed at Redstone Old Fort. The area eventually became the site of Nemacolin Castle and Brownsville, Pennsylvaniaan important western jumping-off point for travelers crossing the Alleghenies in the late 18th and early 19th centuries.
To reach the Ohio River basins' navigable waters as soon as possible on the Monongahela River, Washington chose to follow Nemacolin's Trail, a Native American trail which had been somewhat improved by colonists, with Nemacolin's help. He preferred this to following the ridge-hopping, high-altitude path traversed by the western part of the route that was later chosen for Braddock's Road. It jogged to the north near the fort and passed over another notch near Confluence, Pennsylvania into the valley and drainage basin of the Youghiogheny River. The Redstone destination at the terminus of Nemacolin's Trail was a natural choice for an advanced base. The location was one of the few known good crossing points where both sides of the wide deep river had low accessible banks; steep sides were characteristic of the Monongahela River valley.
Late in the day on July 3, Washington did not know the French situation. Believing his situation was impossible, he accepted surrender terms which allowed the peaceful withdrawal of his forces, which he completed on July 4, 1754. The French subsequently occupied the fort and then burned it. Washington did not speak French, and stated later that if he had known that he was confessing to the "assassination" of Joseph Coulon de Jumonville, he would not have signed the surrender document.
Park formation and structure
During the Great Depression of the 20th century, attempts to preserve the location of Fort Necessity were undertaken. On March 4, 1931, Congress declared the location a National Battlefield Site under management of the War Department. Transferred to the National Park Service in 1933, the park was redesignated a National Battlefield on August 10, 1961. As with all historic sites administered by the National Park Service, the battlefield was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 15, 1966.
Subsequent archaeological research helped to uncover the majority of the original fort position, shape and design. A replica of the fort was constructed on site in the 1970s. A new visitor center, which also is home to a National Road interpretive center, opened on October 8, 2005. The battlefield and fort are currently being improved.
Mount Washington Tavern
On a hillside adjacent to the battlefield and within the boundaries of the park is Mount Washington Tavern, a classic example of the many inns once lining the National Road, the United States' first federally funded highway.
The land on which the tavern was built was originally owned by George Washington. In 1770 he purchased the site on which he had commanded his first battle. Around the 1830s, Judge Nathanial Ewing of Uniontown constructed the tavern. James Sampey acquired the tavern in 1840. It was operated by his family until the railroad construction boom caused the National Road to decline in popularity, rendering the inn unprofitable.
In 1855, it was sold to the Fazenbaker family. They used it as a private home for the next 75 years, until the Commonwealth Of Pennsylvania purchased the property in 1932. In 1961 the National Park Service purchased the property from the state, making the building a part of Fort Necessity. The Mount Washington Tavern demonstrates the standard features of an early American tavern, including a simple barroom that served as a gathering place, a more refined parlor that was used for relaxation, and bedrooms in which numerous people would crowd to catch up on sleep.
General Braddock's grave site
In a separate unit of the park, lying about one mile (1.6 km) northwest of the battlefield, is the grave of General Edward Braddock. The British commander led a major expedition to the area in 1755 which included the construction of Braddock's Road, a useful but inadequate wilderness road through western Pennsylvania. Braddock was severely wounded in the Battle of the Monongahela as the British advanced toward Fort Duquesne.
He and his forces fled along the wilderness road to a site near Great Meadows. Braddock died on July 13, 1755, and was buried in an elaborate ceremony officiated by George Washington. He was buried under the road in order to hide the location of his grave from the enemy French and Indians. In 1804 Braddock's remains were discovered by men making repairs to the wilderness road. A marker was erected in 1913.
See also
Joseph Coulon de Jumonville
Jumonville
References
Citations
General and cited references
External links
Fort Necessity & National Battlefield Education & Interpretive Center, Christopher Chadbourne and Associates, Inc. (Exhibit Design)
[ National Register nomination form]
Map links
Main unit (Fort Necessity):
Braddock Grave unit:
Jumonville Glen unit:
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Necessity
Necessity
Necessity
George Washington
National Battlefields and Military Parks of the United States
Museums in Fayette County, Pennsylvania
Military and war museums in Pennsylvania
National Park Service areas in Pennsylvania
Necessity
Parks in Fayette County, Pennsylvania
Necessity
National Register of Historic Places in Fayette County, Pennsylvania
Conflict sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Protected areas of Fayette County, Pennsylvania
Protected areas established in 1931
Ranjit Patil (born 20 January 1964) is a member of Maharashtra Legislative Council, belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party and was State General Secretary Maharashtra Unit. He represents the Amravati graduate constituency. He was appointed Maharashtra's Minister of State in December, 2014 with the portfolio Home (Urban), Urban Development, General Administration, Law and Judiciary and Parliamentary Affairs. Later in the same month, he was also given responsibility of being guardian minister of Akola district and Washim district.
Early life
Patil was born to Sulochanadevi Patil and Vitthalrao Patil, who was then a member of Maharashtra Legislative Council from Akola.
Education and early career
Patil also has a post-graduate degree in MBBS and MS (Ortho) from Government Medical College, Nagpur. He is a leading Orthopedic surgeon in Akola at Vitthal hospital. He is well known for the same in the neighbouring districts as well.
Family and personal life
Ranjit Patil is second in age among the four brothers. All his brothers are well qualified. His elder brother Rajendra Patil is principal of a renowned college of Akola, His younger brother Randhir Patil is a prominent businessman of Akola, his youngest brother
Nitin Patil is one of the most successful farmers of the district.
Political career
Positions held
Within BJP
Vice President, Medical Wing Maharashtra BJP (2007-2012)
President, Medical Wing Akola BJP
Prabhari, West Vidarbha (Medical Wing)
General Secretary, BJP, Maharashtra (2012)
Legislative
Member, Maharashtra Legislative Council
References
Members of the Maharashtra Legislative Council
Living people
People from Akola district
1964 births
People from Akola
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Maharashtra
Chumbak (also designated as Chumbak - THE LOTTERY) is a 2018 Indian Marathi-language slice of life drama film directed by Sandeep Modi, produced by Aruna Bhatia, Naren Kumar and Cape of Good Films and stars a renowned lyricist Swanand Kirkire in the lead role. It had its world premiere on 13 October 2017 in MAMI 19th Mumbai Film Festival.
Later, the film attracted attention of Akshay Kumar who found it "honest and pure", announcing on social media, and also went on to present it, making his Marathi cinema debut as a presenter. It was released in cinemas on 27 July 2018. Trailer for the film was released on 5 July 2018.
Plot
Chumbak is a coming-of-age story of Baalu, a teen restaurant worker boy who decides to con someone to fulfill his dream and escape his wretched life, but instead finds a mentally-ill village dim-wit - Prasanna (Swanand Kirkire) as his only victim. Baalu now finds himself torn between his morality and dreams, as the two find themselves on a journey that changes their lives.
Cast
Swanand Kirkire as Prasanna – A 45-year-old mentally challenged man from Maharashtra.
Sahil Jadhav as Baalu – A 15-year-old restaurant worker migrant boy in Mumbai.
Sangram Desai as Disco - A 17-year-old mobile repairer migrant boy in Mumbai.
References
External links
2017 films
Slice of life films
2010s Marathi-language films
Indian drama films
Films featuring a Best Supporting Actor National Film Award-winning performance
Richard A. Peterson may refer to:
Richard A. Peterson (aviator) (1923-2000), American fighter pilot and architect
Richard A. Peterson (sociologist) (1932–2010), American sociologist at Vanderbilt University
The Wrong Mr. Wright is a 1927 American comedy film directed by Scott Sidney and written by Harold Shumate and James Madison. It is based on the 1897 play The Wrong Mr. Wright by George Broadhurst. The film stars Jean Hersholt, Enid Bennett, Dorothy Devore, Edgar Kennedy, Walter Hiers and Robert Anderson. The film was released on February 27, 1927, by Universal Pictures.
Cast
Jean Hersholt as Seymour White
Enid Bennett as Henrietta
Dorothy Devore as Teddy
Edgar Kennedy as Trayguard
Walter Hiers as Bond
Robert Anderson as Wright
References
External links
1927 films
1920s English-language films
Silent American comedy films
1927 comedy films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Scott Sidney
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
1920s American films
Eric R. Dursteler (born 1964) is a professor of history at Brigham Young University (BYU) and chair of the BYU history department. He is a lecturer and seminar presenter, and has specialized in the history of early modern Italy, the history of the Mediterranean including the early modern Mediterranean, and the history of food. He has authored, edited or reviewed multiple published works, including scholarly books about medieval and early modern Mediterranean, Venetian history, has authored encyclopedic entries, numerous book chapters, and journal reviews.
Education and personal life
Dursteler is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and served as a church missionary in Italy.
Dursteler holds both a bachelor and MA degree from BYU, and an MA and PhD from Brown University. He completed his PhD in 2000.
He resides with his wife, Whitney Dursteler, in Provo, UT, and has three adult children.
Academic and professional career
Dursteler has been a faculty member of the BYU department of history since 1998, and served as chair of the BYU history department from 2016 to 2019. He has held a Fulbright Fellowship, a National Endowment for the Humanities fellowship and a Villa I Tatti fellowship from the Harvard University Center for Italian Renaissance Studies (2006-2007). In 2020 he was awarded a Fernand Braudel Senior Fellowship at the European University Institute.
He is the editor for News on the Rialto, "an annual publication devoted to providing an informational point of reference for scholars working on all aspects of Venetian studies, including the political, economic, social, religious, artistic, architectural, musical and literary history of the city, its overseas empire, and its mainland territories." He was also formerly the book review editor for the Journal of Early Modern History, and serves on the International Editorial Advisory Board for the Journal of Mediterranean Studies. He is a member of the Founding Editorial Board for Oxford Bibliographies Renaissance and Reformation.
Selected works
Dursteler has authored numerous books, book chapters, encyclopedic entries, articles and reviews, some of which include:
Books
Dursteler, Eric R. (2006), Venetians in Constantinople: Nation, Identity and Coexistence in the Early Modern Mediterranean. Johns Hopkins University Press,
Dursteler, Eric R. (2011), Renegade Women: Gender, Identity and Boundaries in the Early Modern Mediterranean. Johns Hopkins University Press,
Dursteler, Eric R., editor (2013), A Companion to Venetian History, 1400-1797. Brill's Companions to European History, Volume 4, DOI: 10.1163/9789004252523
Dursteler, Eric R.; O'Connell, Monique (2016), "The Mediterranean World: From the Fall of Rome to the Rise of Napoleon". Johns Hopkins University Press,
James A. Toronto, Eric R. Dursteler and Michael W. Homer (2017), Mormon in the Piazza: History of the Latter-day Saints in Italy. Provo and Salt Lake City: Brigham Young University Religious Studies Center in cooperation with Deseret Book. .
Dursteler, Eric R., editor and translator (2018), In the Sultan's Realm: Two Venetian Ambassadorial Reports on the Early Modern Ottoman Empire. Toronto: Centre for Reformation and Renaissance Studies, 2018.
Book Chapters
"To Piety or Conversion More Prone? Gender and Conversion in the Early Modern Mediterranean"
"Fleeing "The Vomit of Infidelity": Borders, Conversion and Muslim Women's Agency in the Early Modern Mediterranean"
Awards
2022: Research Fellow, Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study, Netherlands
2020: Fernand Braudel Senior Fellowship, European University Institute, Italy
2006: Fellowship for Independent Study and Research, National Endowment for the Humanities, USA
2006: Committee to Rescue Italian Art Fellowship, Villa I Tatti: The Harvard University Center for Italian Renaissance Studies, Italy
1996: Fulbright Fellowship, Fulbright Commission, USA
References
21st-century American historians
American male non-fiction writers
1964 births
Living people
Historians of Italy
Brigham Young University faculty
Brigham Young University alumni
Brown University alumni
Historians of the Mediterranean
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Mormon missionaries in Italy
Latter Day Saints from Rhode Island
21st-century American male writers
Bondei is a Northeast Coast Bantu of Tanzania closely related to Shambala.
External links
Collections for a handbook of the Boondéi language By Herbert Willoughby Woodward (1882)
References
Northeast Coast Bantu languages
Vocal-auditory channel is the first of 13 design features proposed by Charles F. Hockett in characterizing human language and distinguishing it from animal communication. It describes the way vocal signals can be used to produce language. The speaker uses a vocal tract (containing most of the speech organs) to produce speech sounds, and the hearer employs an auditory apparatus (the sense of hearing) to receive and process the speech sounds. This is why human language is said to be based on speech sounds produced by the articulatory system and received through the auditory system. The vocal channel is a particularly excellent means through which speech sounds can be accompanied or substituted by gestures, facial expressions, body movement, and way of dressing. However, Hockett considers this design feature one which is fundamentally advantageous for primates as "it leaves much of the body free for other activities that can be carried on at the same time."
See also
Animal communication
Hockett's design features
Sources
Fatima SADIQI and Moha ENNAJI.(1992). Introduction To Modern Linguistics. AFRIQUE-ORIENT
References
Language acquisition
In boxing, a straight or cross (also commonly called or a rear hand punch) are punches usually thrown with the dominant hand
and are power punches like the uppercut and hook. Compubox, a computerized punch scoring system, counts the straight and cross as power punches.
The Straight/Cross remains one of the most common methods of knockout across combat sports including boxing, kickboxing, and MMA.
Technique
From the guard position, the rear hand is thrown from the chin, travelling towards the target in a straight line. The rear shoulder is comes forward and finishes touching the outside of the chin. For cover, the lead hand can be retracted and tucked against the face to protect the inside of the chin. For additional power, the torso and hips rotate counterclockwise (for right-hand dominant, and clockwise for left-hand dominant) as the straight/cross is thrown. Weight is also transferred from the rear foot to the lead foot, resulting in the rear heel turning outwards to transfer weight. Body rotation and the sudden weight transfer is what gives the straight/cross its power.
If it is thrown the instant an opponent leads with the same side hand. The blow crosses over the leading arm, hence its name. If the rear hand instead travels inside the opponent's guard, it is a straight.
It is commonly used to set up a hook. The straight/cross can also follow a jab, creating the classic "one-two combo".
References
External links
Boxing terminology
Kickboxing terminology
Punches (combat)
Carl Blasco (born 11 September 1971) is an athlete from France. He competes in triathlon.
Blasco competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He took nineteenth place with a total time of 1:50:18.02.
Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics, Blasco again competed. This time, he placed twelfth with a time of 1:53:20.16.
References
1971 births
Living people
French male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
LGBT sportspeople from France
Gay sportsmen
Olympic triathletes of France
LGBT triathletes
21st-century LGBT people
20th-century French people
21st-century French people
The Continuous Evilution of Life's ?'s (pronounced "The Continuous Evilution of Life's Questions") is the eleventh studio album by American hip hop duo Twiztid. It was released on January 27, 2017, through Majik Ninja Entertainment with distribution via INgrooves. Recording sessions took place at the Dojo in Michigan. Production was handled by Michael "Seven" Summers, Needlz, Davey Suicide, Skull Seagal and Afro Keys. It features guest appearances from Boondox, Blaze Ya Dead Homie, G-Mo Skee, Lex "The Hex" Master and The R.O.C.
Background
First word of the album was announced on March 24, 2016, in the VIP single, that the album would be titled The Continuous Evilution of Life's ?'s. During Twiztid's Canadian Juggalo Invasion Tour, the first single "Psychomania" was released as the VIP single. In an interview a short time later Monoxide Child stated that the album would be out before the Gathering of the Juggalos 2016. In an interview in mid-2016, it was announced that the official release date for the album would be inside the re-release of The Green Book on August 19, 2016. On August 18, 2016, it was announced that the album would be available for pre-order on November 25, 2016, and available for purchase on January 27, 2017. Also in the vinyl release of the re-release was a card one could use to listen to the single "Are You Insane Like Me?". On August 24, 2016, Huffington Post did an article about the upcoming album. It was stated by Jamie Madrox that they had turned to Seven and the frontman for Davey Suicide to produce the album.
Promotion
Singles and music videos
The first single from the album, "Psychomania" (without guest verses), was released as an exclusive VIP single during Canadian Juggalo Invasion Tour (March 23, 2016 – April 8, 2016). The song "Are You Insane Like Me?" was released as the second single on August 19, 2016. The third single, "Nothing to You", was released on the MNE Fall Sampler 2016, available by VIP on Twiztid's then-upcoming Spooktacular Horror Show Tour.
On November 17, 2016, it was announced that there would be three release parties for the album on January 27, 2017; the first took place at "Whiskey A-Go Go" in Hollywood, California and featured performances from Gorilla Voltage, G-Mo Skee and Twiztid. The second was held at The Roxy in Denver, Colorado and featured performances from Young Wicked and Boondox. The third took place at The Palladium in Worcester, Massachusetts and featured performances from Lex "The Hex" Master, The R.O.C. and Blaze Ya Dead Homie. On November 24, 2016, it was announced that in the packaging for the album would be 1 of 10 "ninja stars" to collect. The ninja stars will feature (Jamie Madrox, Monoxide Child, Blaze Ya Dead Homie, The R.O.C., Lex "The Hex" Master, G-Mo Skee, Boondox, Twiztid, Zodiac MPrint, House of Krazees).
Pre-orders and track list were revealed on November 25, 2016, with the song "Kill Somebody" available as a free download. On December 25, 2016 it was announced that for those who bought a VIP or the release party would receive an invitation to an undisclosed location for a free CD listening party. On January 13, 2017, the music video for "Kill Somebody" was released.
The fourth single, "Dead & Gone", was released via HipHopDX.com on January 19, 2017, and its music video was released on August 2, 2017.
Tour
In March 2017 Twiztid announced that they would go on tour to support the album titled Psychomania Tour. The tour ran from May 11, 2017, through June 11, 2017, and featured performances from Twiztid, G-Mo Skee, Young Wicked, Gorilla Voltage and Body Bag Syndicate.
Trivia
At the end of the song "That's Why They Hate Us More Than You'll Ever Know", Twiztid added the end to the song "How Does It Feel?", which was featured on their debut album Mostasteless in 1998.
Track listing
Personnel
James "Madrox" Spaniolo – main performer
Paul "Monoxide" Methric – main performer
Chris Rouleau – vocals (track 11), additional vocals
David Hutto – vocals (track 11)
Jaron Johnson – vocals (track 11)
Bryan Jones – vocals (track 11)
Lex "The Hex" Master – vocals (track 11)
Drayven Davidson – live drums (tracks: 1, 2)
Lee Gresh – scratches (tracks: 1, 5)
Michael "Seven" Summers – producer (tracks: 1, 3-5, 9-11)
Davey Suicide – producer (tracks: 2, 7, 12)
Needlz – producer (tracks: 2, 7, 12)
Skull Seagal – producer (track 6)
Afro Keys – producer (track 8)
AJAX – additional producer (track 6)
Fritz "The Cat" Van Kosky – recording and engineering
Robert Rebeck – mixing
Neil Simpson – mastering
Eric Shetler – design
Eric "E-Wolf" Wheeler – photography
Josh Ulrich – photography
George Vhalakis – management
Charts
References
External links
2017 albums
Twiztid albums
Majik Ninja Entertainment albums
Albums produced by Seven (record producer)
The National Institute of Health Research and Development (, abbreviated as Balitbangkes) was a supporting unit of the Ministry of Health which is responsible for state research, development, and innovation in the field of health and medical sciences. The agency dissolved and liquidated into National Research and Innovation Agency (BRIN) on 31 December 2021 as part of BRIN state research activity integration plan.
History
Formation
Before Balitbangkes existed, the agency was preceded by four Health Laboratories under the Indonesian Department of Health formed in 1950-1960s, three were soon founded after the end of Indonesian National Revolution: Institute for People's Food in Bogor (researched human nutrition), Central Institute for Investigation and Eradication of Venereal Diseases in Surabaya (researched transmission and eradication of sexually transmitted diseases and venereal diseases), and Tawangmangu Hortus Medicus in Karanganyar (researched traditional herbal medicines and remedies and collection of medicinal plants), and the last was 1969 founded National Research Institute of Department of Health. The National Research Institute of Department of Health was the direct preceding agency of the current Balitbangkes after consolidating three 1950s founded Health Laboratories and expanded it with additional laboratories that subsequently formed.
By decree, the agency was founded by President Suharto, on 26 August 1974 through issuance of Presidential Decision No. 45/1974, along with other ten research and development agencies founded by this Decision. However, at that time, the agency was still existed on paper and physically inexistent. After procuring enough resources and assets, the agency finally came into being on 12 December 1975 thru Ministry of Health Decree No. 114/1975 and named as Badan Penelitian dan Pengembangan Kesehatan or colloquially abbreviated as Balitbangkes.
Role in COVID-19 Pandemic Situation in Indonesia
Balitbangkes play significant role in COVID-19 pandemic situation in Indonesia. Balitbangkes play roles in development measures and policies to control COVID-19, and surveilling local variants and SARS-CoV-2 viral evolution in Indonesia thru Whole Genome Sequencing equipments owned by the agency. Balitbangkes and its child agencies also performed 24 ongoing nation-wide multidisciplinary COVID-19 observation studies across Indonesia.
Integration to BRIN and Dissolution
In response of formation of National Research and Innovation Agency as independent agency under the President of Indonesia, the Ministry of Health rearranged their research and development activities which had been long exercised by its Balitbangkes. In the plan, announced on 23 September 2021, Balitbangkes will be transformed into Agency for Health Policies Development (Indonesian: Badan Kebijakan Pembangunan Kesehatan, BKPK), a regulatory agency intended to provide only policies and standards making for state health activity, no longer doing research as the research part will be relinquished to BRIN.
On 7 November 2021, the Ministry issued order to Balitbangkes and its child agencies to halt their activities per 31 December 2021 as unit under auspices of Ministry of Health, effectively started the dismantlement of Balitbangkes. In the order, Balitbangkes will split into three parts: one part (which is the most) relinquished to BRIN, one part to become BKPK, and the rest of the Balitbangkes part in regional level will be relinquished to local government where the Balitbangkes branch formerly existed for being transformed into local-government run public health laboratories for being integrated as part of state public health laboratories system.
In 30 November 2021, BRIN announced that a research organization tentatively named Health and Nutrition Research Organization (Indonesian: Organisasi Riset Kesehatan dan Gizi, ORKG), transformation of the previously from Balitbangkes of will be activated and operated. The successor of Balitbangkes, later named as Health Research Organization (Indonesian: Organisasi Riset Kesehatan, OR Kesehatan) formed officially on 1 March 2022 and functional on 4 March 2022.
Structure
The Structure of Balitbangkes is as follows:
Office of the Head of Balitbangkes
Office of the Secretary of Balitbangkes
Subdivision of General Administration Affairs
Center for Biomedical and Basic Medical Technologies Research and Development (Center No.1)
Division of General Administration Affairs
Subdivision of Programs and Cooperation
Subdivision of Finance, Employment, and General Affairs
Division of Biomedical Sciences
Subdivision of Communicable Diseases
Subdivision of Non-Communicable Diseases
Division of Health Basic Technologies
Subdivision of Biological-based Products
Subdivision of Instruments and Diagnostic Products
Bacteriology Laboratory
BSL-3 Laboratory
Immunology Laboratory
Virology Laboratory
Stem Cell Laboratory
Nutrition and Food Laboratory
Pharmaceutical Chemistry Laboratory
Parasitology Laboratory
Testing Animal Laboratory
Center for Health Resources and Health Service Research and Development (Center No. 2)
Subdivision of General Administration Affairs
Division of Administration Development
Subdivision of Development for Human Resources and Financing of Health Researches, Developments, and Assessments
Division of Health Resources Development
Subdivision of Health Resources Development
Subdivision of Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices
Subdivision of Health Human Resource Development
Division of Health Services Development
Subdivision of Primary Health Services and Health Referral Services
Subdivision of Traditional Health Services and Health Supporting Services
Center for Public Health Efforts Research and Development (Center No. 3)
Division of Diseases Prevention and Control
Subdivision of Non-Communicable Diseases and Mental Health
Subdivision of Communicable Diseases
Division of Public Health
Subdivision of Nutrition and Family Health
Subdivision of Community Health
Division of General Administration Affairs
Subdivision of Finance, Employment, and General Affairs
Subdivision of Programs and Cooperation
Center for Humanities and Health Management Research and Development (Center No. 4)
Division of Health Humanities
Subdivision of Law and Ethics
Subdivision of Social and Cultural Affairs
Division of Health Management
Subdivision of Funding
Subdivision of Policy Analysis
Division of General Administration Affairs
Subdivision of Finance, Employment, and General Affairs
Subdivision of Programs and Cooperation
Indonesian Center for Research and Development of Disease Vectors and Reservoirs
Subdivision of General Administration Affairs
Division of Administration Development
Subdivision of Development for Human Resources and Financing of Health Researches, Developments, and Assessments
Division of Programs, Cooperation, and Information Networking
Subdivision of Programs and Evaluation of Researches, Developments, and Assessments Activities
Subdivision of Cooperation and Networking
Division of Experimental Services and Equipment
Subdivision of Technical Support
Subdivision of Research and Development Equipment
Virology Laboratory
Bacteriology Laboratory
Parasitology Laboratory
Disease Vectors Reference Collection Laboratory
Disease Reservoirs Reference Collection Laboratory
Histopathology Laboratory
Insecticide Testing Laboratory
Botanical Pesticide Testing Laboratory
Health Behavior and Health Promotion, Epidemiology, GIS, and Biostatistical Laboratory
Environmental Laboratory
Testing Animal Laboratory
Hybridoma Technology Laboratory
Insectarium and Biocontrol Laboratory
Indonesian Center for Research and Development of Medicinal Plants and Traditional Medicine
Division of General Administration Affairs
Subdivision of General Affairs
Subdivision of Finance
Division of Programs, Cooperation, and Information Networking
Subdivision of Programs and Evaluation
Subdivision of Cooperation and Information Networking
Division of Experimental Services and Equipment
Subdivision of Technical Support
Subdivision of Research and Development Equipment
Plant Systematic Laboratory
Galenic Formulation Laboratory
Phytochemistry Laboratory
Formulation Laboratory
Microbiology Laboratory
Plant Tissue Culture Laboratory
Biomolecular Laboratory
Jamu Scientification Clinic Laboratory
Postharvest Laboratory
Pest and Plant Disease Control Laboratory
Pharmacology Laboratory
Medicinal Plants Cultivation Laboratory
Class I Center for Health Research and Development Magelang (Nutrition Science)
Class I Center for Health Research and Development Donggala (Schistosomiasis Investigation and Control)
Class I Center for Health Research and Development Banjarnegara (Leptospirosis Investigation and Control)
Class II Center for Health Research and Development Tanah Bumbu (Fasciolopsis Investigation and Control)
Class II Center for Health Research and Development Papua (Leprosy Investigation and Control)
Class II Center for Health Research and Development Baturaja (Filariasis Investigation and Control)
Class II Center for Health Research and Development Aceh (Tuberculosis Investigation and Control)
Pangandaran Malaria Research Station, Pangandaran
Waikabubak Arbovirosis Research Station, Waikabubak, East Nusa Tenggara
References
Science and technology in Indonesia
Medical and health organizations based in Indonesia
Government agencies of Indonesia
Research institutes in Indonesia
1975 establishments in Indonesia
2021 disestablishments in Indonesia
COVID-19 pandemic in Indonesia
The Hindu is an English-language, Indian newspaper.
The Hindu(s) may also refer to :
The Hindu (Tamil), newspaper in the Tamil language
The Hindu Group, publisher of both newspapers
The Hindu Literary Prize, a literary award
Hindus, adherents of Hindu religion or culture
The Hindus: An Alternative History, a 2009 work of historiography
See also
Hindu (disambiguation)
Hinduism, a major religion
Hindoo (disambiguation)
Mian Sadik Ali Khan Kalhoro was a king of the Kalhora Dynasty that ruled Sindh.
Battle
The Kalhoran army had hardly had a chance to rest when a camelman brought a letter from Mír Fateh Alí's brother, Mír Ghulám Alí, to their camp. The note informed them that Mián Abdunnabí had advanced as far as Ládkánah with a Boróhí force that had been given to him by Muhammad Nasír, the Khán of Kalát. Commanding this force was Abdunnabí's son-in-law Zarak, who had been promised that the Mìan, when reinstated, would give him 3 lakhs of rupees and a part of his territory; further, the letter stated the army had been joined by Mehráb and Dhingánah Jatôís and by the Jhinjans, Khósahs, Nuhmardís, and other tribes.
When Mír Abdulláh, the commander of the Kalhoran forces, got this news, he immediately ordered his troops in the direction of the enemy, whom he met at the bridge of Chálak. There he halted opposite the enemy's camp. Mían Abdunnabí, believing that the Balóches had arrived there after a difficult journey, and thus were fatigued, advised his officers to attack immediately.
Abdunnabí's forces were then hastily formed into three divisions, the center being led by Abdunnabí himself with forces of Jatóís and Khósahs. Abdunnabí's right wing consisted of Kalátís or Bróhís under Zarak, as well as the left wing of Nuhmardís. Seeing the advance of the enemy, Mír Abdulláh likewise divided his army into three divisions. He ordered Mian Sadik, who had been brought on an elephant to the battlefield, to engage Abdunnabí's army with Mírzó Fakír and his son Bághah. Mír Fateh Khán, with his force of Nizámánís, was instructed to engage the Nuhmardís. Mír Abdulláh, together with his cousin Mír Fateh Alí Khán on his right and Mír Suhráb Khán on his left, proceeded to attack the Bróhís.
After a fierce gun battle, the forces of Mír Fateh Khán, himself recovering from a bullet wound sustained in a prior battle with Rájpút forces, were forced to retreat. At the same time, Abdunnabí gained the upper hand over the column under Mían Sádik Alí and drove it back. Seeing this, Mír Abdulláh and his cousins dismounted and, swords in hand, made a vigorous attack on the center of the enemy. In the resulting confusion, Zarak Bróhí, Mehrab Jatóí, and a number of other veteran soldiers were killed. Mían Abdunnabí's army then fled in confusion and panic, leaving much booty for the Balóches. Finally victorious, the Mían and the Mír returned to Khudábád.
Sources
This article includes content derived from History of Sind - translated from Persian books by Mirza Kalichbeg Fredunbeg (1853-1929), published in Karachi in 1902 and now in the public domain.
Sindhi people
Kalhora Dynasty
Paweł Paczkowski (born 14 June 1993) is a Polish handball player who plays for Łomża Industria Kielce.
He participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
1993 births
Living people
People from Świecie
Polish male handball players
Vive Kielce players
Veszprém KC players
HC Motor Zaporizhia players
Expatriate handball players
Polish expatriates in France
Sportspeople from Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
Stigma or plural stigmata, stigmas may refer to:
Social stigma, the disapproval of a person based on physical or behavioral characteristics that distinguish them from others
Symbolism
Stigmata, bodily marks or wounds resembling the crucifixion wounds of Christ
A badge of shame, or stigma, an insignia, badge, brand, or designator of infamy or disgrace
Biology
Stigma (anatomy), a small spot, mark, scar, or minute hole
Stigma (botany), part of the female reproductive part of a flower
Pterostigma, a cell in the outer wing of insects
Writing
Stigma (letter), a ligature of the Greek letters sigma and tau (ϛ), also used as the Greek numeral 6
Arts, entertainment and media
Books
Stigma, a 1963 book written by Erving Goffman
Stigma, a Japanese manga story by Kazuya Minekura
Film and television
Stigma (1972 film), a film featuring Philip Michael Thomas
Stigma (1977 film), originally broadcast as part of the BBC's Ghost Story for Christmas series
Stigma (2013 film), a Nigerian drama film
"Stigma" (Star Trek: Enterprise), a 2003 second-season episode of Star Trek: Enterprise
Music
Stigma (band), an Italian band
Stigma (EMF album), 1992
Stigma (Mind Assault album), 2008
Stigma, a 2005 album by Yōsei Teikoku
"Stigma", a 2010 song from the album Split the Atom by Noisia
"Stigma", a 2016 song from the album Wings by Korean band BTS
Sports
Stigma (wrestler), American professional wrestler
Stigma (luchador), Mexican professional wrestler
See also
Stigmata (disambiguation)
Upper Waitohi is a small rural community in the Timaru District, New Zealand. It is located north of Pleasant Point and north-west of Temuka. A monument dedicated to pioneer aviator Richard Pearse is located in the area.
References
Timaru District
Populated places in Canterbury, New Zealand
Scopula mustangensis is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in the Palaearctic region.
References
Moths described in 1995
mustangensis
Palearctic Lepidoptera
Detention may refer to:
Types of detention
Detention (imprisonment), imprisonment of someone guilty or suspected of a crime
Detention basin, an artificial flow control structure that is used to contain flood water for a limited period of time
Immigration detention, imprisonment of an unauthorised person entering a country
Preventive detention, detention intended to prevent criminal acts
Remand (detention), the keeping in custody of an arrested person awaiting adjudication
School detention, a form of punishment used in schools
Film and television
Detention (2003 film), an American action film directed by Sidney J. Furie
Detention (2010 film), an American horror film starring Preston Jones and David Carradine
Detention (2011 film), an American horror film directed by Joseph Kahn and starring Josh Hutcherson
Detention (2019 film), a Taiwanese horror film set during the White Terror, based on the video game of the same name
Detention (American TV series), a 1999–2000 American animated TV series
Detention (Taiwanese TV series), a 2020 Taiwanese TV series based on the video game
"Detention" (Cold Case episode), an episode of the television series Cold Case
Other uses
Detention (video game), a Taiwanese horror game set during the White Terror
"Detention", a song by Melanie Martinez from her 2019 album K-12
Detention, Tasmania, a locality in Australia
See also
Custody (disambiguation)
Detention center (disambiguation)
Detonation (disambiguation)
Involuntary commitment
Prison
The Brimstone Sluggers is the third studio album by American rap rock band Crazy Town. It was released on August 28, 2015 and was Crazy Town's first album in 13 years since Darkhorse in 2002. According to Mazur, the album is a stylistic follow up to their 1999 debut, The Gift of Game. In comparison to Darkhorse, which was more rock oriented, The Brimstone Sluggers focuses more on hip-hop, and features collaborations from rappers Madchild and Bishop Lamont. Former Crazy Town member DJ AM, who died in 2009, is a featured artist on the track "Born to Raise Hell", and No Doubt guitarist Tom Dumont provides guitar and vocals on the track "Ashes".
Background and promotion
Crazy Town disbanded in 2003 shortly after the release of their 2002 album Darkhorse, citing amongst other things, pressure from their record company for a follow-up to their No. 1 hit "Butterfly". They reformed in late 2007, and announced they were working on The Brimstone Sluggers in August 2013. The album's title is a reference to the band name Crazy Town founding members Bret Mazur and Shifty Shellshock originally performed under.
Crazy Town released teaser clips promoting the album in August 2013. They began touring in Europe in June 2014 to promote the then upcoming album. In December 2014 they released the single "Megatron", which was featured as the new theme song for Impact Wrestling. They released the single "Backpack" in July 2015. The album was released on 28 August 2015 under Membran Records. "Born to Raise Hell" was released as a single in August 2015, and a music video was released in September. To promote the album Crazy Town would perform two concerts in Germany in November 2015, and two in Italy in December.
Reception
James Christopher Monger from AllMusic gave the album two and a half stars out of five, saying "there's an expected yet refreshing current of self-reflection that permeates much of the album (something that could never have happened in 1999), especially on standout cuts like "A Little More Time," "Backpack," and "Born to Raise Hell." However, 13 years is a long time, and the genre which the band helped spawn has hardly aged into favor." Philip Whitehead from Rock Sins gave the album five out of ten, saying the album was a large improvement over their previous efforts, though adding "there's still a long way to go before they can rid themselves of their poor reputation. A lot of growing up still needs to be done lyrically, but they're on the right track." Ultimate Guitar Archive gave the album 6.3 out of 10, criticising the references to deceased celebrities Amy Winehouse, Heath Ledger and Robin Williams, yet concluding "It still has its share of setbacks, but with its initiative to move forward instead of living in the past, "The Brimstone Sluggers" makes a decent case for Crazy Town's return."
Track listing
Personnel
Crazy Town
Epic Mazur – vocals, rapping
Shifty Shellshock – vocals, rapping, turntables, samples, producer
Additional personnel
J. Angel – vocals for "Born to Raise Hell"
Boondock – vocals for "Megatron"
DJ AM – turntables, samples for "Born to Raise Hell"
DJ R1CKONE – turntables, samples for "A Little More Time", "My Place" and "Come Inside"
Tom Dumont – guitars, vocals for "Ashes"
Fann – vocals for "Backpack" and "Baby You Don't Know"
Bishop Lamont – vocals for "Backpack"
Koko Laroo – vocals for "A Little More Time"
Madchild – vocals for "The Keys"
References
2015 albums
Crazy Town albums
Emanuel Cleaver II (born October 26, 1944) is a United Methodist pastor and American politician who has represented in the U.S. House of Representatives since 2005. The district includes the southern three-fourths of Kansas City, including all of the city south of the Missouri River, as well as the more rural counties of Lafayette, Ray, and Saline east of Jackson. Cleaver is a member of the Democratic Party, and chaired the Congressional Black Caucus from January 2011 to 2013.
Cleaver served on the Kansas City Council from 1979 to 1991, until he was elected mayor, serving from 1991 to 1999.
Early life, education, and career
Emmanuel Cleaver II was born on October 26, 1944, in Waxahachie, Texas. He grew up in public housing in Wichita Falls, Texas. He graduated from Prairie View A&M University, where he was a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity, in 1972. Cleaver then moved to Kansas City, Missouri, where he founded a branch of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and received a Master of Divinity degree from St. Paul School of Theology.
Cleaver was the pastor at the St. James United Methodist Church in Kansas City, Missouri, from March 1972 until June 28, 2009.
Kansas City councilman and mayor
Cleaver served as a Kansas City councilman from 1979 to 1991 and as mayor of Kansas City from 1991 until 1999. He was Kansas City's first African American mayor.
David Helling, an opinion columnist for the Kansas City Star, wrote of Cleaver's tenure as mayor: "Kansas City's first African-American mayor defined the modern concept of the job: a professional staff, high visibility and a clear agenda. He was also a moral leader. His speech at a local rally after the Rodney King verdict averted a riot and was his finest moment. Yet Cleaver's actual record as mayor is spotty. Tax and spending initiatives floundered at the polls, and City Hall scandal was common. The crime rate was far too high."
Cleaver is a cousin of exiled Kansas City Black Panther leader Pete O'Neal. In 1997, Cleaver unsuccessfully attempted to obtain a pardon for O'Neal from President Bill Clinton. Cleaver is also a cousin of the late Eldridge Cleaver, another prominent figure in the Black Panther Party.
U.S. House of Representatives
After the compromise Budget Control Act deal had been reached to resolve the 2011 debt-ceiling crisis, Cleaver called the deal a "sugar-coated Satan sandwich".
Committee assignments
Committee on Financial Services
Subcommittee on Insurance, Housing and Community Opportunity (Chair)
Subcommittee on Domestic Monetary Policy and Technology
Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress
Caucus membership
Congressional Black Caucus
Tenure
During his tenure, Cleaver has voted with the Democratic Party 95.8% of the time. He has been recognized as "not shy about earmarks" and has brought many federal tax dollars back to Kansas City.
Cleaver has called for ethics charges against fellow U.S. Representatives Charlie Rangel and Maxine Waters to be dropped, saying, "The process has been tainted."
On December 18, 2019, Cleaver voted for both articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump and is one of only two Missouri House members to do so, along with Lacy Clay.
Office attack
On September 11, 2014, around 2:50 a.m., what appeared to be a Molotov cocktail was thrown through the window of Cleaver's Kansas City office. He was in Washington D.C. at the time and no staff members were present during the attack.
Political campaigns
In late 2003, Karen McCarthy, who had represented the 5th congressional district since 1995, announced her retirement. Though he served in city government for 20 years, including eight as mayor, Cleaver initially posted weak numbers in the Democratic primary and general elections, but defeated former Clinton Administration official Jamie Metzl in the Democratic primary, 60%-40%. In the general election, Republican Jeanne Patterson made the race far more competitive than conventional wisdom would suggest for the district, which has long been reckoned as Missouri's second-most Democratic district, behind the St. Louis-based 1st. The Democrats have held this seat for all but eight years since 1909, and without interruption since 1949. McCarthy won 65% of the vote in 2002.
2008 Democratic presidential primary election
During the 2008 Democratic presidential primaries, Cleaver endorsed Hillary Clinton. He claimed that African American superdelegates who supported Clinton were subjected to harassment, threatened with primary opponents and called "Uncle Tom." He said they were told, "'You're not black if you're not supporting Barack Obama' … It's ugly." On March 30, 2008, Cleaver said he realized he was on the losing team: "Even though I don't expect the Kansas City Chiefs to beat the Indianapolis Colts, I cheer for the Kansas City Chiefs." According to BlackMissouri.com., U.S. Representative Jesse Jackson Jr. of Illinois asked Cleaver, "If it comes down to the last day and you're the only superdelegate? … Do you want to go down in history as the one to prevent a black from winning the White House?" Cleaver said, "I told him I'd think about it." Cleaver said during the primary he'd be shocked if Obama wasn't the next president but made clear he still supported Clinton until she suspended her bid.
Electoral history
Personal life
Emanuel Cleaver and his wife, Dianne, have four children. They reside in Kansas City.
In 2000, a road in Kansas City was renamed Emanuel Cleaver II Boulevard. The new route consisted of Brush Creek Blvd., E. 47th St., and the portion of Van Brunt Blvd. south of 31st St.
In 2012, Bank of America sued Emanuel and Dianne Cleaver and Cleaver Company LLC, alleging that the company had defaulted on a $1.46 million commercial real estate loan obtained a decade earlier for a Grandview car wash. In 2013, the lawsuit was settled. Cleaver's congressional wages were garnished to repay the money owed.
See also
List of African-American United States representatives
References
External links
Congressman Emanuel Cleaver II official U.S. House website
Emanuel Cleaver for Congress
|-
|-
|-
1944 births
21st-century American politicians
African-American mayors in Missouri
African-American members of the United States House of Representatives
African-American Methodists
African-American people in Missouri politics
American United Methodist clergy
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Missouri
Living people
Mayors of Kansas City, Missouri
Missouri city council members
People from Waxahachie, Texas
People from Wichita Falls, Texas
Prairie View A&M University alumni
Saint Paul School of Theology alumni
21st-century African-American politicians
20th-century African-American people
The Val-Test® Group is a Buying / Marketing Group for a collective of wholesalers, distributors, dealers and retailers in hardware, paint sundries, electrical, plumbing, housewares, marine, automotive and the decorative art industries.
Founded in 1962, Val-Test® developed over 300+ supplier programs, successfully recruited over 150+ members, created the industry's most advanced EDI Central Billing System, sponsored the industry's favorite shows, processed thousands of supplier proposals and managed world-class marketing programs serving over 22,000+ retailers and achieved sales in excess of $500 million per year. Today, Val-Test® continues to champion award-winning services for e-commerce marketing and works collaboratively in alliance with PRO Group designed to leverage both groups' strengths to deliver superior value to the members they serve.
The Keen Kutter® trademark is owned by the Val-Test® Group of Illinois. After Val-Test® acquired the trademark, limited use authorization was developed for a premiere line of Keen Kutter® pocket-knives manufactured by Schrade Cutlery, Frost Cutlery and most recently Bear & Son Cutlery Co. to remain committed to the finest quality made in the U.S.A.
Competitors
PRO Group
Distribution America
External links
www.valtest.group
Val-Test® website
Val-Test to extend planograms. Home Channel News, June 22, 1998
Marketing groups seek new business Home Channel News, June 21 1999
National Retail Hardware Association: Hardlines Distribution
American companies established in 1962
Retail companies established in 1962
Retailers' cooperatives in the United States
Hardware stores of the United States
Schaumburg, Illinois
Companies based in Cook County, Illinois
1962 establishments in Illinois
The is a railway loop line in Japan operated by the West Japan Railway Company (JR West). It encircles central Osaka.
Part of a second, proposed outer loop line, the Osaka Higashi Line, from Hanaten to Kyuhoji was opened on March 15, 2008, and the line from Shigino to Shin-Ōsaka opened in March 2019. This entry covers the original central loop line.
Outline
This loop line consists of two tracks around the heart of metropolitan Osaka. All trains consist of 8 carriages, with distinctive orange colour with white JR graphics on the front, rear and sides. The train schedule varies, but on average, two trains leave Tennōji Station and Ōsaka Station every five minutes, in opposite directions.
Operation
On this line, JR West operates several types of trains. The line serves as a link between Ōsaka Station in northern Osaka (actually the Umeda district), and Tennōji in southern central Osaka. Some Limited Express trains linking north and south of the Osaka-Kobe-Kyoto area use the line as a bypass between the Tōkaidō Main Line in the north and the Hanwa Line in the south. Traffic is heavier in the eastern half, Osaka - Kyōbashi - Tennōji, than in the western half via Nishi-Kujō.
Direction
The completely loop shaped Osaka Loop Line is unable to use the 'up' and 'down' train direction convention commonly applied in Japanese railways, e.g. trains traveling to Tokyo are usually 'up' trains and vice versa. Instead, the words and they are used to refer to the direction. The outer is clockwise, the inner counterclockwise.
If rules, such as the registration of the line at Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport apply, the inner loop is down.
Local
Local trains are operated all day. Some operate over the complete loop, while some serve the eastern half between Osaka and Tennōji via Kyōbashi.
Eight-car EMUs of 323 series are used. 221 series, 223 series and 225 series are used only for morning rush.
Sakurajima Line trains
Trains of the Sakurajima Line (JR Yumesaki Line) are now operated through to the loop line to/from Kyōbashi and Tennoji.
Eight-car 323 series EMUs are used.
Rapids of Kansai Main Line
Through trains to the Kansai Main Line (Yamatoji Line) began operated in 1973. and trains originate at Tennōji on the loop, passing the loop as "inner" via Osaka, and after stopping at Tennōji after a complete circuit, exit the loop onto the Kansai Main Line and terminate at , or . In the loop, Yamatoji Rapids pass some stations while Regional Rapids stop all.
For "Yamatoji Rapid" and "Regional Rapid", usually 8-car and 4+4 car 221 series EMUs are used.
Rapids of Hanwa Line
Trains to the Hanwa Line, for and for originate at either Tennoji or Kyobashi, and together with other types of rapid trains, operate on the inner loop via Osaka, pausing at Tennoji and then exiting from the loop. This pattern commenced in 1989, but increased significantly in 1994 on the opening of Kansai Airport.
8-car 223 series and 225 series EMUs in 4+4 formations are used for Kansai Airport and Kishūji rapids. 113 series 4-car units were used for rapids of Shin-Ōsaka - in early morning and late night. They were withdrawn in 2010.
Limited express
Charged Limited Expresses such as Haruka for Kansai International Airport, and south bound Kuroshio on the Hanwa Line and Kisei Main Line (Kinokuni Line) heading for the scenic southern Wakayama Prefecture utilise the Osaka Loop Line to bypass the Tōkaidō Main Line and reach the Hanwa Line. On the loop, aside from Tennōji, limited numbers of trains stop only at Nishi-Kujō.
Between the Tōkaidō Main Line and the Osaka Loop Line, trains utilise the "Umeda freight line" which crosses immediately west of Ōsaka Station, not stopping at Osaka because no passenger facilities are installed on the freight line, until it merges the main line at Shin-Ōsaka. This route was introduced in 1989 on the completion of a bypass track from the Hanwa Line to platforms of the Kansai Main Line at Tennōji. Until then no through operations were possible from the Hanwa Line.
281 series and 271 series EMUs are used for Haruka, 283 series EMUs, 287 series EMUs and 289 series EMUs for Kuroshio.
Freight trains
After the abandonment of the Naniwa freight terminal, freight trains on the line operate only between Fukushima and Nishikujō, from the "Umeda Freight Line" to on the Sakurajima Line (JR Yumesaki Line).
Stations
Listed counterclockwise: All stations are in the city of Osaka, Osaka Prefecture.
Stopping patterns
Stations
● : All trains stop.
▲ : Stop, outer loop (Tennoji → Nishikujo → Osaka → Kyobashi → Tennoji)
Number: Track (Platform) numbers to arrive at and depart from.
| : All trains skip
Rolling stock
Local
323 series (since 24 December 2016)
The first of a fleet of 21 new 323 series eight-car EMU trains were introduced from 24 December 2016, scheduled to entirely replace the fleet of 23 103 and 201 series trains by 2018. As of December 2021, few of the remaining 103 series (from Nara Line) and 201 series (Osaka Higashi & Yamatoji Line) continue to be used on the Loop Line.
Yamatoji Rapid, Regional Rapid
221 series
Kansai Airport Rapid, Kishūji Rapid, Direct Rapid and Local
223 series (0 and 2500 subseries)
225 series (5000 and 5100 subseries)
Limited express
271 series (Haruka service, from Spring 2020)
281 series (Haruka service)
283 series (Kuroshio service)
287 series (Kuroshio service)
289 series (Kuroshio service)
Freight
Locomotives seen hauling freight trains include the M250 series, EF65, EF66, EF81, EF210 and DE10.
Former
Passenger
72 series
101 series (March 22, 1964 – April 28, 1991)
103 series (1969– 3 October 2017)
113 series (until December 10, 2011)
381 series (Kuroshio service, until October 30, 2015)
201 series ( 2005–7 June 2019)
Freight
DD51
Fares
A special discount rate is applied for travels within the Osaka Loop Line, the Sakurajima Line and the segment between JR Namba Station and Tennōji Station of the Kansai Main Line (collectively called the ).
The following table is the rate for adult single-ride tickets. (Note: Fractions of one kilometre are rounded up to the nearest full kilometre.)
For travel between a station within the zone and a station out of the zone or between two stations out of the zone, fares are calculated in accordance with a universal fare table and the discount rate as above is not applicable.
For the calculation of the fare for travel between two stations out of the zone that includes the segment between Ōsaka Station and Tennōji Station of the Osaka Loop Line, where two routes ( route via Temma and route via Fukushima) are practical, the shorter route is always used irrespective of the actual travel route.
History
The Osaka Loop Line consists of four segments, namely:
Jōtō Line
Eastern half of present line, Osaka - Tennōji via Kyōbashi
Nishinari Line
The northwestern quarter, Osaka - Nishi-Kujō
Kansai Main Line freight line
Southwestern portion, Tennōji - Sakaigawa Junction
Purpose-built section
The remainder to complete the loop, Nishi-Kujō - Sakaigawa Junction
Jōtō Line
The Osaka to Tennōji via Kyōbashi section (the eastern half of Osaka Loop Line) was opened by the (which also opened the present Minami Osaka Line network) to link it to the Japanese Government Railway (JGR) network in 1895. The line was opened in 2 stages: Tennōji - Tamatsukuri (2 mi. 28 chain, ca. 3.8 km) on 28 May; and Tamatsukuri - Umeda (4 mi. 29 chain, ca. 7.0 km) on 17 October.
Earlier, in 1889, the company opened its main line from - Tennōji - which includes a short section of the Osaka Loop Line, being Tennōji - ; Imamiya station itself, located between Tennōji and Minatomachi, was opened in 1890.
The Osaka Railway merged with the in 1900, creating a single entity for the line from Tennōji Station to JGR Ōsaka Station. The Kansai Railway was acquired by the national government in 1907 under the 1906 Railway Nationalization Act. In 1909 the line was named the .
In 1930, distrances were changed to metric, thus the distance changed from 6.6 miles. to 10.7 km. Electrification of the Jōtō Line was commissioned in 1933.
Nishinari Line
The Osaka to Nishi-Kujō section (the northwestern quarter of the line) was built by the to provide rail access to the Osaka Port. In 1898, the company opened the Osaka - line, which was leased to JGR in 1904. In 1906 the company was nationalized under the act of the same year. In 1909, the line was named the which included the present-day Sakurajima Line.
The Nishinari Line was electrified in 1941.
Kansai Main Line Freight Line
The Tennōji to Sakaigawa Signal Box (between Taishō and Bentenchō, closed in 2006 when the branch to the port closed) section (south-western portion of the loop) was constructed for freight traffic by the JGR to the port area in 1928, connecting to a freight branch line of the Kansai Main Line, Imamiya - - with a distance of 5.2 mi. (ca. 8.4 km). In 1930 with the change to metric measurement, it became 8.2 km. The former Osaka-Minato and Osaka-Tōkō stations were closed in 1984.
Purpose-built loop line section
To complete the Loop Line, new tracks were constructed between Nishi-Kujō and Sakaigawa Signal Box by the then Japanese National Railways. In 1961, this section opened and the new Osaka Loop Line was named for the entirety of the then Jōtō Line, Osaka - Nishi-Kujō section of the Nishinari Line (the rest, Nishi-Kujō - Sakurajima was named the Sakurajima Line) and the new Nishi-Kujō - Taishō - Tennōji section.
In 1964, operation as a complete Loop Line commenced with the opening of elevated double tracks around Nishi-Kujō. Until then the operation had been undertaken in the shape of a mirrored "6", Sakurajima - Nishi-Kujō - Osaka - Kyōbashi - Tennōji - Nishi-Kujō. The Tennōji - Shin-Imamiya section was quadrupled in 1968, to separate operations from the Kansai Main Line.
See also
Yamanote Line
Osaka Higashi Line
References
This article incorporates material from the corresponding article in the Japanese Wikipedia
Railway loop lines
Railway lines opened in 1898
1067 mm gauge railways in Japan
Boseoksa (보석사, 寶石寺) is a Korean Buddhist temple located Seokdong-ri, Nam-myeon, Geumsan-gun, Chungcheongnam-do.
It was founded in 885 during the 11th year of King Heongang.
During the Japanese colonial period, this temple was designated as one of the 31 head temples. The resulting pyramidal hierarchy was supposed to take control over the Korean Buddhism.
Notes
References
EncyKor
Buddhist temples in South Korea
Pierce Galliard Smith (27 October 1826 – 18 November 1908) was a Scottish cleric of the Church of England, and the rector at St John the Baptist Church, Reid in Canberra, Australia. He was well known for planting trees all over his 2330 square kilometre parish.
Born in Lochvale near Langholm, Smith was the son of Eaglesfield Smith and his wife Judith Ann Irving, daughter of Sir Paulus Aemilius Irving. He was educated at University College, Durham, receiving an M.A. in 1852. He held a post as curate and chaplain in Northumberland before he arrived in New South Wales with his family in 1855.
Smith moved to Canberra and lived at a cottage at Acton until 1873 when he and his family moved into the new Glebe House (which was demolished in the mid 20th century). Many of Canberra's trees were propagated from the trees that he planted around Glebe House. In 1889 he was thrown from his horse and broke a leg. He was unable to ride again and had to visit his parish in a carriage. In 1905 he retired to Queanbeyan where he died in 1908. He is buried at St John's.
Smith's second daughter, Mary, married George De Salis of Cuppacumbalong Homestead in 1878.
References
Exploring the ACT and Southeast New South Wales, J. Kay McDonald, Kangaroo Press, Sydney, 1985
Australian people of Scottish descent
People from the Australian Capital Territory
1826 births
1908 deaths
Alumni of University College, Durham
Britt Brøndsted (born June 1, 1981) is a right-handed, Danish ten-pin bowler and one of Denmark's top female ten-pin bowlers.
In 2003 she was the World Ranking World Tenpin Masters Champion. In 2004 she was the European Ranking Champion; also in 2004 she was the Greece Brunswick Euro Challenge Champion and the Qatar International Champion.
In 2006 she competed in the World Tenpin Masters tournament.
External links
Foundation300 profile
1981 births
Danish ten-pin bowling players
Living people
College of Science and Technology is a college located in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located south of Lebanese International University.
References
Universities in Mauritania
Nouakchott
Radical skepticism (or radical scepticism in British English) is the philosophical position that knowledge is most likely impossible. Radical skeptics hold that doubt exists as to the veracity of every belief and that certainty is therefore never justified. To determine the extent to which it is possible to respond to radical skeptical challenges is the task of epistemology or "the theory of knowledge".
Several Ancient Greek philosophers, including Plato, Cratylus, Pyrrho, Arcesilaus, Carneades, Aenesidemus, Agrippa the Skeptic, and Sextus Empiricus have been viewed as having expounded radically skeptic positions. Three of the Hellenistic philosophies held radically skeptic views: Pyrrhonism, Academic Skepticism, and Cyrenaicism. In ancient Greek the radical skeptical view was termed acatalepsy, denoting the ungraspablity of knowledge.
In modern philosophy, two representatives of radical skepticism are Michel de Montaigne (most famously known for his skeptical remark, Que sçay-je ?, 'What do I know?' in Middle French; modern French Que sais-je ?) and David Hume (particularly as set out in A Treatise of Human Nature, Book 1: "Of the Understanding").
As radical skepticism can be used as an objection for most or all beliefs, many philosophers have attempted to refute it. For example, Bertrand Russell wrote "Skepticism, while logically impeccable, is psychologically impossible, and there is an element of frivolous insincerity in any philosophy which pretends to accept it."
Radical skepticism should either be in doubt of itself, or affirm itself. But affirming skepticism is a contradiction. Hence skepticism cannot be maintained.
See also
Cratylism
Epistemological nihilism
Nihilism
Skepticism
References
Leavitt, Fred (2021) If Ignorance is Bliss We Should All be Ecstatic. Open Books
Notes
The Epistemology Page
Skepticism
Pyrrhonism
Kanjari Boriyavi Junction railway station is a railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India. It is located in Kanjari, Kheda district of Gujarat, India. Kanjari Boriyavi Junction railway station is 8 km far away from Anand railway station and 11 km far away from Nadiad railway station. Passenger, MEMU and few Express trains halt at Kanjari Boriyavi Junction railway station. Kanjari Boriyavi Junction railway station is also connected to Vadtal by rail.
About Kanjari Boriyavi Junction
Name of railway station is Kanjari Boriyavi Junction because of following reasons:
Railway station is located near the border of Kheda District and Anand District.
Kanjari village is located in Kheda district, whereas Boriyavi village is located in Anand district.
Railway station is Junction railway station because of "Vadtal Line".
Nearby Stations
Anand is the nearest railway station towards Vadodara, whereas Uttarsanda is the nearest railway station towards Ahmedabad.
Trains
Following Express trains halt at Kanjari Boriyavi Junction railway station in both direction:
19033/34 Gujarat Queen
19215/16 Saurashtra Express
19035/36 Vadodara–Ahmedabad Intercity Express
22953/54 Gujarat Express
Vadtal trains
59163/64 Anand–Vadtal Swami Narayan Passenger
59169/70 Anand–Vadtal Swami Narayan Passenger
See also
Kheda district
Anand district
References
Railway stations in Kheda district
Vadodara railway division
Railway junction stations in Gujarat
Captain Jerry Prem Raj, VrC, was a commissioned officer in the Indian Army during the Kargil War. He was a Forward Observation Officer at Point 4875. During battle, he sustained grievous injuries but showing undaunted courage, continued to direct artillery fire against enemy positions. He succumbed to his injuries later the same day. Because of his effort in the battle, he was declared a war hero. His body was cremated in his native city,Thiruvananthapuram. He was awarded the Vir Chakra, the third highest wartime gallantry award, posthumously.
Personal life and career
Captain Jerry Prem Raj was born in Venganoor, near Kovalam in Thiruvananthapuram district of Kerala state in India. His father Retna Raj worked in the Department of Technical Education, Kerala and his mother Chella Thayee worked in the Health Department of the Government of Kerala. His brother is Rejinald Pavithran, a retired officer of the Indian Air force. Captain Jerry Premraj married Praseena in April 1999.
Captain Jerry Prem Raj was commissioned into the 158 Medium Regiment (SP) on 5 September 1997. He was a sincere and upright officer with an eye for detail and a pleasant disposition.
Kargil War
He answered the call of duty and rejoined the unit under Operation Vijay after voluntarily cutting short his honeymoon. On the night of 6 July 1999, he was the Forward Observation Post Officer with 2 Naga during its assault on Twin Bumps in area Point 4875 (Gun Hill) in Dras Sector. During the assault, while directing artillery fire onto the enemy positions with devastating effect, he was wounded by enemy sniper fire.
Undeterred, he continued his mission amidst heavy enemy fire, when he was yet again hit by a volley of enemy machine gun fire. Gravely injured, he refused to be evacuated and continued to direct accurate artillery fire onto the enemy till he succumbed to his injuries. His action resulted in inflicting heavy casualties on the enemy and in the capture of the objective by assaulting infantry. His remains were carried by Maj Amarpal Singh of 158 Medium regiments from Delhi to Thiruvananthapuram. A flower-decked military vehicle carried his body from airport to his home which was lined up on both sides by the people of the city who showered flower petals on the vehicle as a final farewell. The display of courage and resolve in the face of insurmountable odds earned Captain Jerry a Vir Chakra award posthumously.
Vir Chakra Citation
The Vir Chakra citation on the Official Indian Army Website reads as follows:
References
External links
Indian Army Page of War Hero declaration
Captain Jerry Premraj - Ormakalile Iripidangal (a short film by Kerala Vision)
A video tribute to Captain Jerry Premraj - by VPS HSS For Boys
Year of birth missing
1999 deaths
Indian Army officers
People of the Kargil War
Recipients of the Vir Chakra
People from Thiruvananthapuram district
Military personnel from Kerala
Kampong Sabun is a village in Brunei-Muara District, Brunei, near the port town Muara. The population was 412 in 2016. It is one of the villages within Mukim Serasa. The postcode is BT2128.
References
Sabun
James Albert Norton (November 11, 1843 – July 24, 1912) was an American educator and Civil War veteran who served three terms a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1897 to 1903.
Biography
Norton was born in Bettsville, Ohio and attended the district schools where he graduated from Tiffin High School.
During the Civil War he enlisted in the Union Army in August 1862. He was a sergeant in Company K, One Hundred and First Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry. He was later promoted to first lieutenant and adjutant of the One Hundred and Twenty-third Regiment, United States Colored Infantry, in 1864.
He mustered out of the service in 1865.
Postbellum
After the war Norton studied medicine and commenced practice in Ohio in 1867 and continued in that profession until 1879.
He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1879.
He served as member of the State house of representatives 1873-1879, and as chairman of the State Democratic committee 1887-1892.
From 1885-1892 he served as County auditor and as commissioner of railroads and telegraphs from 1889 to 1895, when he resigned to accept a position in the legal department of the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Co..
Congress
Norton was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-fifth, Fifty-sixth, and Fifty-seventh Congresses (March 4, 1897 - March 3, 1903).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1902 to the Fifty-eighth Congress and resumed legal service with the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad.
Death
He died July 24, 1912 in Tiffin, Ohio and was interred in a mausoleum in Green Lawn Cemetery.
References
Retrieved on 2009-04-17
1843 births
1912 deaths
County auditors in the United States
People from Seneca County, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Union Army officers
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad people
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Physicians from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American businesspeople
Nikolai Paltsev (; 3 January 1949 – 1 December 2021) was a Russian politician. A member of United Russia, he served as mayor of Stavropol from 2008 to 2011.
References
1949 births
2021 deaths
21st-century Russian politicians
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
United Russia politicians
People from Stavropol
Braeside School is a historic school at 124 Pierce Road in Highland Park, Illinois. Built in 1928, the Prairie School style school was designed by architect John S. Van Bergen. Van Bergen had worked for Frank Lloyd Wright and mainly designed Prairie School houses, including his own Highland Park home. His plan for the school focused on creating a home-like setting for students, which included large classrooms, natural lighting, and fireplaces. The school has a low, horizontally oriented shape with a hip roof, a characteristic Prairie School form.
The school was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 29, 1982.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Illinois
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Prairie School architecture in Illinois
Highland Park, Illinois
School buildings completed in 1928
1928 establishments in Illinois
Serious Fun is a live album by pianist and composer George Gruntz which was recorded in Switzerland in 1989 and released on the Enja label the following year.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated "George Gruntz is best known as the leader and arranger of his Concert Jazz Band so this trio date is a real rarity. Gruntz's piano playing, although very much in the tradition, features his own individual voice. ... Gruntz is in excellent form throughout this enjoyable live set".
Track listing
All compositions by George Gruntz except where noted
"Capricci Cavallereschi" – 8:31
"Autumn Again!" (Joseph Kosma/George Gruntz, Franco Ambrosetti) – 8:49
"Death March" – 4:08
"Cat-a-Dam" – 11:08
"All-Erigic Blues" (Miles Davis/Gruntz) – 9:39
"Mike-a-Mouse" – 6:49
"Fransco's Delight" – 7:07
"So: What Fun???" (Davis/Gruntz) – 8:38
Personnel
George Gruntz – piano
Mike Richmond – bass
Adam Nussbaum – drums
Franco Ambrosetti – flugelhorn (track 2)
References
George Gruntz live albums
1990 live albums
Enja Records live albums
Aganosma is a genus of plants in family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1837. It is native to China, the Indian Subcontinent, and Southeast Asia.
Species
Aganosma breviloba Kerr - Guizhou, Myanmar, Thailand
Aganosma cymosa (Roxb.) G.Don - Guangxi, Yunnan, Bangladesh, Assam, Sri Lanka, Indochina
Aganosma gracilis Hook.f. - Assam, Bhutan, Arunachal Pradesh
Aganosma heynei (Spreng.) ined. (syn Echites heynei Spreng.) - India
Aganosma lacei Raizada - Myanmar
Aganosma petelotii Lý - N Vietnam
Aganosma schlechteriana H.Lév. - S China, Assam, N Indochina
Aganosma siamensis Craib - Thailand, Vietnam, Guangxi, Guizhou, Yunnan
Aganosma wallichii G.Don - Myanmar, Thailand, W Malaysia, Java, Sumatra
formerly included
References
Apocynaceae genera
Kathleen Nagler Straus (born December 3, 1923) served as a member of the Michigan State Board of Education from 1993–2016. She has been continuously involved in civic organizations in Michigan, since moving to Detroit in 1952. Her volunteer and professional roles have included the Presidency of the League of Women Voters of Detroit, Executive Director of People and Responsible Organizations (PRO) for Detroit, President of the Michigan State Board of Education, and Secretary of the National Association of State Boards of Education.
Personal life and education
Kathleen Nagler was born in Harlem, the daughter of an Austrian-born lawyer and a homemaker. Her family moved to Belle Harbor for four years when she was as a young child, but returned to Manhattan thereafter, and grew up on the West Side. She graduated from Hunter College and worked as a teacher, and an economist in the United States Department of the Treasury in Washington, DC. She met her first husband, Everett Straus in Washington. They married in New York in 1948, when she was an analyst at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. In 1952, Everett Straus was offered a job with a cigar manufacturer RG Dunn in Detroit, and they relocated with their young son, Peter. She began volunteer work with the League of Women Voters, the Adlai Stevenson presidential campaign, and millage campaigns. Her second child, Barbara was born a few years later.
Everett Straus died on Thanksgiving Day in 1967, when their children were aged 16 and 10. In May 2008, as the 85 year old President of the Michigan State Board of Education, she married the Honorable Walter Shapero, a 77 year old bankruptcy judge still working full-time.
Career
Volunteer work
Upon moving to Detroit in 1952, Straus became involved with the League of Women voters, the Adlai Stevenson presidential campaign, millage campaigns to support local schools, and her local school PTA. Within a decade, she was president of the League of Women Voters of Metropolitan Detroit, and was a member of the Board of the League of Women Voters of Michigan from 1963–1965. In 1963, she was active in the Michigan Constitutional Convention. She was elected chair of the Board of Wayne County Community College, but without tax revenue to support the college, the board dissolved in 1966. She co-chaired mayor Jerome Cavanagh's re-election campaign in 1965, and was hired to lead the millage campaign of 1966. Cavanaugh named her to the Detroit Commission on Community Relations in 1966.
During the 1980s, she co-founded the Michigan Tax Informational Council and served as the council's first president.
She has also been President of the American Jewish Committee, Detroit Region and Jewish Community Council of Metropolitan Detroit, as well as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Michigan State Board for Public Junior and Community Colleges, the Detroit Science Center, the Advisory Board of the American Jewish Committee, ArtServe Michigan, Michigan Roundtable for Diversity and Inclusion, Michigan Women's Studies Association, and Communities in Schools in Detroit.
Professional career
Following the death of her first husband, Mayor Cavanaugh named Straus assistant director of Detroit's Community Renewal Agency. At the end of his administration, she took a position with the Southeast Michigan Council of Governments, a regional planning agency. She resigned from this position to run for Congress in 1974 to succeed Martha Griffiths in Michigan's 17th congressional district, but lost in the democratic primary. She then became staff director for the Michigan Senate Education Committee, and later Director of Governmental Relations for the Michigan Association of School Boards. She was also the executive director of PRO Detroit (People and Responsible Organizations for Detroit), a coalition of business, labor, civic groups, and schools established to implement the court-ordered desegregation of schools in Detroit. Her final professional position before election to the Michigan State Board of Education was as President of the Center for Creative Studies, a Detroit arts college.
Michigan State Board of Education
First elected to the Michigan State Board of Education in 1992, Straus was re-elected for two additional eight-year terms, ending on January 1, 2017, when she was 93 years old. During this time, she served seven two-year terms as President of the Board. As a board member, she advocated for services to promote the social, emotional, and physical health of students and their families, including the provision of social services to communities in school buildings after school hours. She was a strong supporter of arts programs, and a frequent visitor to schools and classrooms. She advocated for accountability measures and quality controls for charter schools.
Awards
Straus has been awarded the David Kysilko Award from the National Association of State Boards of Education (2016), a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Anti-Defamation League (2004), a Lifetime Achievement Award from the American Jewish Committee (2010), the Wade Hampton McCree Jr. Award from the Federal Bar Association – Eastern District of Michigan Chapter (2011), and has been selected as a member of the Hunter College Hall of Fame (1994), the Michigan Education Hall of Fame (1994), and the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame (2000).
References
External links
Video interview of Straus from the Michigan Living History Project
Audio interview of Straus from the Detroit 1967 oral history project of the Detroit Historical Society
1923 births
Living people
American people of Austrian descent
American women activists
Educators from Michigan
Hunter College alumni
Politicians from Detroit
People from Harlem
Women in Michigan politics
Michigan Democrats
School board members in Michigan
Educators from New York City
American women educators
21st-century American women
Little Linford is a village in the City of Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England. It is about a mile west of Newport Pagnell, near the M1 motorway. The village is separated from its neighbour and namesake Great Linford (and the rest of the Milton Keynes urban area) by the floodplain of the River Great Ouse.
Little Linford was initially a hamlet in the manor and ecclesiastical parish of Linford. The parish church is dedicated to St Leonard.
The traditional parish name 'Linford' is an Old English language word that means 'ford where maple trees grow'. In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Linforde. The prefix 'Little' was added to distinguish it from Great Linford.
Civil parish
Little Linford is in the civil parish of "Haversham-cum-Little Linford", which also includes the nearby village of Haversham. The parish had a population of 873 according to the 2011 census. This merged parish was formed in 1934.
Little Linford Wood
Little Linford Wood is owned by Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust. Today it is one of the best habitats for dormice, which were transferred to Little Linford Wood from Kent when the Channel Tunnel rail link was being constructed.
References
External links
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Areas of Milton Keynes
The National Conservative Convention (NCC), is the most senior body of the Conservative Party's voluntary wing. The National Convention effectively serves as the Party's internal Parliament, and is made up of its 800 highest-ranking Party Officers.
The composition and functions of the NCC have evolved since its establishment in 1867. It has previously had a major role in policy-making and the planning of Party Conferences. Today, its primary purposes are to take charge of internal Party affairs and representing the views of Party members. Most crucially, it elects five members each year to sit on the Conservative Party Board.
History and structure
The NCC was first established as the National Union of Conservative and Unionist Associations. Its purpose was to oversee the running of the Party across the country, and plan Party Conferences. These functions remain largely the same today, and every year the President of the NCC continues to officially open the Party Conference.
Over time, the NUCUA's membership became more clearly defined, and has broadly been the same since the Party's set of extensive internal reforms following their defeat in the 1945 General Election. In 1998, new Party leader William Hague carried out another extensive reform which led to the NUCUA's renaming as the National Conservative Convention. In recent years, the Convention's influence over the running of the Party and its campaigning methods has increased heavily. Any changes to the Constitution of the Conservative Party must be approved by a majority vote of the NCC, and it plays a pivotal role in the inception and implementation of Party reforms, such as the Conservative Party Review.
The NCC includes a mix of appointed and directly and indirectly elected Party Officers. When members of the public join the Party, they are attached to the Conservative Association of the constituency they reside in. Party members elect their local Association Chairmen who sit on the Convention, and other local officials. Each Chairman and one Deputy Chairman sit on an Area Council, typically covering one or two Counties and several local authorities and constituencies. These Councils annually elect the Party's senior volunteers; Area and Regional Officers. All senior volunteers (approximately 150 Area and 30 Regional Officers) sit on the Convention. In addition to this, the Conservative Women's Organisation and Conservative Future (including their predecessor organisations) each send 40 delegates to the NCC, though Conservative Future has not sent delegates since its dissolution.
The NCC meets three times a year; at Conservative Party Conference, the Conservative Spring Forum, and for its own election meeting, usually held in the summer. The Convention Executive (elected annually by its members) consists of its Chairman, who serves for three years, three Vice-Presidents, who each serve for three years, and the President, who serves for one year. Generally speaking, after finishing their term, an outgoing Vice-President is elected as the President and Chairs that year's Party Conference. Officers typically run for election for the NCC's Executive only after several decades of experience in the Party. The Party Leader and Chairman attend Convention meetings and address its members. There are also regular meetings of Senior Volunteers (Area and Regional Officers) in between full Convention meetings.
Chairmen of National Conservative Convention
(Until 1988, the National Union of Conservative and Unionist Associations)
1925: Sir Percy Woodhouse
1926: Dame Caroline Bridgeman
1927: Sir Robert Sanders MP
1928: John Gretton MP
1929: Gwilym Rowlands
1930: The Countess of Iveagh MP
1931: The Honourable George Herbert (also served as President in 1935) (No Conference held)
1932: The Earl Howe
1933: Sir Robert Geoffrey Ellis MP
1934: Miss Regina Evans
1935: Sir William Cope (later became Lord Cope)
1936: Sir Henry Leonard Brassey (later became Lord Brassey of Apethorpe)
1937: Mrs Clara Fyfe
1938: Sir Eugene Ramsden MP (No Conference held)
1939: Nigel Colman MP (No Conference held)
1940: The Lady Hillingdon (No Conference held)
1941: Sir Cuthbert Headlam MP (No Conference held)
1942: Councillor Robert Catterall (No Conference held)
1943: Councillor Robert Catterall
1944: Mrs Lionel Whitehead
1945: Rab Butler MP
1946: Major Richard Proby
1947: Hon. Mrs Henry Hornyold-Strickland
1948: Sir Herbert Williams
1949: Douglas Graham
1950: Anthony Nutting MP
1951: Mrs Lorne Sayers (No Conference held)
1952: Charles Waterhouse MP
1953: Mrs John Warde
1954: Sir Godfrey Llewellyn, Bt
1955: Hon. Evelyn Emmett, MP
1956: Sir Eric Edwards
1957: Mrs Walter Elliot
1958: Sir Stanley Bell
1959-1960: Sir Edward Brown
1961: Sir Douglas Glover MP
1962: Sir John Howard
1963: Mrs TCR Shepherd
1964-1965: Sir Max Bemrose
1966: Sir Dan Mason (Sir Robert Davies, Oct 1966-Feb 1967)
1967: Mrs Charles Doughty
1968: Sir Theodore Constantine
1969: DP Crossman
1970: Sir Edwin Leather
1971: Mrs Unity Lister
1972: William Harris
1973: Mrs Roy Smith
1974-1975: Sir Alastair Graesser
1976: Miss Shelagh Roberts
1977: David Sells
1978: Sir Herbert Redfearn
1979: David Davenport-Handley
1980: Dame Ann Springman
1981: Sir Fred Hardman
1982: Donald Walters
1983: Peter Lane
1984: Dame Pamela Hunter
1985: Sir Basil Feldman
1986: Patrick Lawrence
1987: Dame Joan Seccombe
1988: Sir Ian McLeod
2000-2003: John Taylor, Baron Taylor of Holbeach
2003-2006: Raymond Monbiot CBE
2006-2009: Don Porter CBE
2009-2012: Jeremy Middleton CBE
2012-2015: Baroness Pidding CBE
2015-2018: Robert Semple CBE
2018-2021: Lord Sharpe of Epsom OBE
2021-: Peter Booth
Presidents of National Conservative Convention
1925 Gerald Loder (had also served as Chairman of the National Union of Conservative and Constitutional Associations in 1899)
1926 George Lane-Fox
1927 Viscount Tredegar
1928 The Lord Queenborough
1929 The Lord Faringdon
1930 Neville Chamberlain MP
1931 Neville Chamberlain MP (No Conference held)
1932 Lord Stanley
1933 The Earl of Plymouth
1934 The Lord Bayford
1935 The Honourable George Herbert (had also served as Chairman in 1931, although no Conference was held)
1936 The Lord Ebbisham
1949: The Viscount Swinton
1950: Sir David Maxwell Fyfe, MP
1951: The Lord Ramsden
1952: Sir Thomas Dugdale, MP
1953: The Marquess of Salisbury
1954: Anthony Eden MP
1955: Mrs Lorne Sayers
1956: Rab Butler MP
1957: The Earl of Woolton
1958: Sir Richard Proby, Bt
1959-60: Henry Brooke MP
1961: The Viscount Hailsham
1962: Sir Godfrey Llewellyn, Bt
1963: The Earl of Home
1964-65: The Viscountess Davidson
1966: Selwyn Lloyd MP
1967: The Lord Chelmer
1968: Reginald Maudling MP
1969: The Baroness Brooke of Ystradfellte
1970: Iain Macleod MP
1971: William Whitelaw MP
1972: Dame Margaret Shepherd
1973: Anthony Barber MP
1974-75: Peter Thomas MP
1976: The Lord Hewlett of Swettenham
1977: The Lord Carrington
1978: Dame Adelaide Doughty
1979: Francis Pym MP
1980: The Lord Constantine of Stanmore
1981: Edward du Cann MP
1982: Sir John Taylor
1983: Sir Geoffrey Howe MP
1984: Sir Alistair Graesser
1985: Sir Humphrey Atkins MP
1986: Sir Charles Johnston
1987: George Younger MP
1988: Dame Shelagh Roberts MEP
1989: The Viscount Whitelaw of Penrith
1994-1995: Sir William Royden Stuttaford KBE
1999-2000: John Taylor, Baron Taylor of Holbeach
2000-2001: Raymond Monbiot CBE
2001-2002: Jean Searle OBE
2002-2003: Caroline Abel-Smith OBE
2003-2004: Don Porter CBE
2004-2005: Richard Stephenson OBE
2005-2006: Paul Marland
2006-2007: Stephen Castle
2007-2008: Simon Mort
2008-2009: Jeremy Middleton CBE
2009-2010: Emma Pidding CBE
2010-2011: Charles Barwell OBE
2011-2012: Fiona, Lady Hodgson CBE
2012-2013: Paul Swaddle OBE
2013-2014: Charles Heslop OBE
2014-2015: Robert Semple CBE
2015-2016: Steve Bell CBE
2016-2017: Gerry Yates OBE
2017-2018: Andrew Sharpe OBE
2018-2019: Thomas Harvey Spiller OBE
2019-2020: Pamela Hall OBE
2020-2021: Andrew Colborne-Baber
2021-2022: Debbie Toon MBE
2022-2023: Fleur Butler
Notes
Unless otherwise stated, details of Chairmen and Presidents of the NUCUA are taken from British Political Facts 1900-1994 by David Butler and Gareth Butler.
Conservative Conference Guide, 1989 (Eyre & Spottiswoode)
Organisation of the Conservative Party (UK)
History of the Conservative Party (UK)
Annual events in the United Kingdom
Political events
Political events in the United Kingdom
Political party assemblies
The Sikkim wedge-billed babbler or blackish-breasted babbler (Stachyris humei) is a species of bird in the Old World babbler family (Timaliidae). It is named for the Indian state of Sikkim.
It is found in the Indian subcontinent and nearby parts of Southeast Asia. Its range includes Bhutan, India, Myanmar, and Nepal. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
Systematics
This species described by Louis Mandelli based on specimens from Sikkim and placed in the genus Heterorhynchus which was however preoccupied leading to it briefly being placed in the genus Stachyrirhynchus by Hume. However the genus Sphenocichla was erected before this by Godwin-Austen and Lord Tweeddale for the Manipur or Cachar wedge-billed babbler and this species was moved to the genus Sphenocichla. Molecular phylogenetic analysis indicated that the species in the genus Sphenocichla were nested amid species of Stachyris leading to them being merged into the older described genus Stachyris.
The species was previously known as the wedge-billed babbler and included Stachyris humei and the now separated Stachyris roberti which was earlier treated as a subspecies.
Ecology
It inhabits the understorey of broadleaf evergreen forest and bamboo at 900–1,950 m, favouring westward facing slopes in Bhutan. It occupies lower elevations only during the winter. It occurs in small parties and feeds on insects, particularly woodlice and boring beetles.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70–291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Sikkim wedge-billed babbler
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Northeast India
Fauna of Sikkim
Sikkim wedge-billed babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
"Lies and Truth" is the seventh single by L'Arc-en-Ciel, released on November 21, 1996 it reached number 6 on the Oricon chart. The single was re-released on August 30, 2006.
Track listing
Chart positions
References
1996 singles
L'Arc-en-Ciel songs
Songs written by Hyde (musician)
Songs written by Ken (musician)
1996 songs
Ki/oon Music singles
Calera is one of the 58 municipalities in the Mexican state of Zacatecas. It is located on the central part of the state of Zacatecas and it is bounded by the municipalities of General Enrique Estrada, Fresnillo, Villa de Cos, Pánuco, Morelos and Zacatecas. The municipality covers a total surface area of . The municipality makes up for 0.5% of the area of the state of Zacatecas.
History
Calera was born as a point of pass from Fresnillo and Zacatecas. It was named in honor of the hero of independence Víctor Rosales.
Climate
General information
Calera is one of the fastest-growing cities in Zacatecas Mx., with more than 38,189 people. It is the only municipality in Zacatecas that has an International Airport, Freeway and Railroad. Calera is the most important industrial area in Zacatecas, making floors. wood furniture, juice, purified water, dry chili processing and seeds. Calera is also home to Corona, the largest brewer in Latin America. 97% of Calera's population is Roman Catholic and 3% is Protestant.
Calera was decreed as a municipality by the recommendation of Benito Juárez; he went through these lands when he was fighting for the Republic. It was in Calera that Pancho Villa slept and planned the taking of Zacatecas (Toma de Zacatecas).
Population
In the 2005 census, Apulco reported a population of 36,106. Of these, 29,626 lived in the municipal seat and the remainder lived in surrounding rural communities.
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20110722222931/http://www.calera.mx/s/239
Municipalities of Zacatecas
Mahmoud Koushan (or Mahmoud Kushan) (1932 – 3 February 2021) was one of the pioneer Iranian cinematographers. He was born in Tehran in 1933, and was the brother of filmmaker Esmail Koushan.
He was the first Iranian filmmaker who went to Italy and Germany for technical training at Cinecittà Studios, Agfa Laboratories and Arriflex Cameras. He worked as a Lab Technician, Sound Recordist, Editor, Assistant Camera and Gaffer before he shot his first film, Amir Arsalan, as cinematographer in 1955.
He directed his first film, Nouveau Riche in 1961 and was the first to shoot Iranian CinemaScope & color feature films. Broken Spell (1958) was recognized at the Berlin Film Festival for his color cinematography. He won Best Cinematography for Joseph and Zoleika at the Sepas Film Festival in 1968.
He was banned from working as a filmmaker after the Iranian 1979 revolution. He has worked on some productions as cinematographer in the early 1990s in Iran.
Mahmoud & Esmail Koushan have family in Arlington Texas & Los Angeles California.
External links
Filmography at CITWF
Iranian cinematographers
1933 births
2021 deaths
People from Tehran
Iranian film directors
The Cancionero de la Colombina or Cancionero Musical de la Colombina (CMC) is a Spanish manuscript (Ms. 7-1-28) containing Renaissance music from the second half of the 15th century.
The manuscript was copied during the reign of the Catholic Monarchs, possibly between the 1460s and the 1480s. Therefore, it predates the more famous Cancionero de Palacio. The first half of the manuscript is the work of two main scribes, and the second half was completed by six other scribes. It originally comprised 106 folios, 8 of which are lost. The general condition of the remaining folios is less than satisfactory. A title added on a later period reads "Cantilenas vulgares puestas en musica por varios Españoles" (Popular melodies set to music by various Spaniards).
The Cancionero de la Colombina has been related with the court of the powerful dukes of Medina Sidonia who lived in Seville and had contacts with Juan de Triana, the main composer of the manuscript.
In 1534 it was bought by the second son of Christopher Columbus, the bibliophile Ferdinand Columbus, who added it to his rich Sevillian library of more than 15,000 volumes known by the name of "Columbine Library" (in Spanish, "Biblioteca Colombina"). After his death, the library was transferred to the Seville Cathedral, where it remains up to this day.
The Cancionero currently contains 95 musical settings, some of which are incomplete. Of this total, 53 remain anonymous. The authorship of several works could be established because they had been properly attributed in other cancioneros, especially the Cancionero de Palacio and the Cancionero de Montecassino.
The repertory in the manuscript is varied. Among the musical genres can be found canciones, villancicos, romances and ensaladas. Many of the villancicos and canciones are sacred, mostly Marian. Two of the works are in French and 12 are liturgical compositions in Latin. There are also two short versions in Castilian of the Song of the Sibyl ("El Cant de la Sibil·la"), nos. 73 and 91 ("Juysio fuerte será dado").
List of works
Bibliography
Historia de la música española. Vol 2. Desde el Ars Nova hasta 1600. Samuel Rubio. Alianza Editorial. Madrid. 1983.
El cancionero musical de la Colombina (siglo XV). Transcripción y estudio por Miguel Querol Gavaldá. 2a ed. Madrid. 1989. Ministerio de Educación y Ciencia. Monumentos históricos de la música española Collection.
Anglés, Higinio. La música en la Corte de los Reyes Católicos. C.S.I.C. Madrid. 1960
Gómez Fernández, Lucía. Música, nobleza y mecenazgo: los duques de Medina Sidonia en Sevilla y Sanlúcar de Barrameda (1445-1615). Universidad de Cádiz. Cádiz. 2017.
Spanish Music in the Age of Columbus. Robert Louis Stevenson. Hyperion Pr. 1979. 0883558726
Sources, MS, §IX, 22: Renaissance polyphony: Spanish and Portuguese cathedral manuscripts. Grove Music Online.
References
External links
Texts: https://web.archive.org/web/20090416113508/http://cancionerovirtual.liv.ac.uk/AnaServer?dutton+0+start.anv+ms=SV&sms=1
List of works: https://web.archive.org/web/20100202064340/http://saulbgroen.nl/pdf/r4.pdf
15th-century manuscripts
Chansonniers (books)
Spanish music history
Renaissance music
Renaissance music manuscript sources
Spanish music
Charlotte Gilbertson (November 11, 1922 – April 12, 2014) was an American painter and printmaker.
Artistic influences
Charlotte's artistic inspirations are rooted in Greek mythology, the French artist Paul Cézanne, Fernand Léger's modern abstractionism, and neo-Primitivist representations of the people of Papua New Guinea.
Biography
Childhood and early years
Born in Boston on Armistice Day, Gilbertson was the eldest of four children and the only daughter in her family. Her father was a Methodist minister in the neighborhood of Roslindale, Boston, Massachusetts, where her family resided. As a child, her family lived primarily in Roslindale and spent their summers on Cape Cod
at their summer residence.
Post WWII, Paris and the GI Bill (1946 - 1951)
Gilbertson enlisted in the Armed Forces during WWII as a psychiatric social worker, stationed on Long Island, New York and in Georgia. After the war, she had access to the G.I. Bill of Rights, as did many of the war veterans of her generation. Charlotte used it to promote her education. She graduated from Boston University's School of Fine Arts in 1948 and then moved to New York to be among notable artists. New York City was brimming over with abstract expressionist painters at the time, but she was more interested in "constructive design" not found in America. Charlotte wanted to develop a stronger sense of "design" in her work, to engage "the new" and "the modern".
In 1949, Gilbertson went to Paris on an artistic quest, fascinated by Cézanne's rendering of the Provençal apple. She studied "le dessin" under the French artist Fernand Léger at his Paris atelier. She found a master in Léger. (He jokingly referred to her as "la petite marine", or "the little sailor", because she wore dungarees, which was unusual for a woman at the time).
The New York years (1951–1979)
Once she had begun to master a sense of color, space, and design on a canvas, she returned to New York City in 1951, where she lived for several years. Charlotte Gilbertson found employment in an array of diverse positions to sustain herself in New York City.
During the winters, she worked; during the summers, she painted. This seasonal cycle of employment and painting lasted from 1951 to 1974 and again from 1977 to 1979. From 1962 to 1974, Charlotte most notably worked as an assistant director and, later, as director of the Alexander Iolas Gallery in New York City. Through the Iolas Gallery, Charlotte met and befriended Andy Warhol and appeared in Warhol's film, Kiss).
World travel and travels, interrupted
In 1976, Gilbertson took a polar route around the world, following the sun, and spent over a year traveling the world, visiting Japan, Hong Kong, Australia, Bali, Burma, India, Nepal, the Middle East, Turkey and Greece. She also revisited much of Europe, including a special trip to the North Cape and a tour of Finland, Sweden and Norway. The Japanese use of iridescent colors and the mountain landscapes of Japan and Bali influenced her paintings during this time. Her excursions were curtailed in 1980, when she took care of her elderly parents until they died.
World travels resumed, new artistic influences
In 1990, Gilbertson resumed her travels to many other countries, including Belize and Tikal. She also spent a considerable amount of time in Fiji, Papua New Guinea, Australia, as well as Bali, India and Nepal. Her explorations in Nepal include treks of the Annapurna Circuit and safaris by elephant in Nepal's Chitwan National Park.
She spent time in Tibet, Thailand, Malaysia and Singapore, ending her journeys in Western Europe with extended time in Paris and London before returning home. Her travels in South Asia significantly influenced her artwork from then onward. In particular, many of her paintings in the 1990s featured neo-Primitivist representations of the people of Papua New Guinea.
Later years
Gilbertson continued as an active painter, working with mixed media and doing small works on paper and canvas. She did a number of line drawings and a number of series of works on paper. She completed a series of work on her memory-impressions of Papua New Guinea, 50" x 72". She also completed a series of work on wood panels, employing gold leaf and other mixed media.
Exhibitions
Professional associations and listings
Gilbertson was included in Who's Who in America (2002). She is also a lifetime member of the Visual Arts and Galleries Association.
Notes
[1] In 1952, a pair of Léger murals was installed in the General Assembly Hall of the United Nations headquarters in New York, New York. Some of Léger's works are found at the Museum of Modern Art (MOMA) in New York City. In November 2003, his painting, La femme en rouge et vert, sold for $22,407,500 USD, and his sculptures have been selling in excess of 8 million dollars. (See the entry of Fernand Léger under his legacy).
[2] Opened by the French artist himself, the Alexander Iolas Gallery was located near 15 E. 55th Street in Manhattan, New York City. A host of international expatriate artists and avant-garde artists of the 1960s and early 1970s were invited to display their work there. Some of these artists included William Copley, Roberto Matta, Edward Ruscha and Niki de Saint Phalle.
References
Gilbertson, Charlotte; Bodley Gallery (New York, N.Y.); Charlotte Gilbertson (exhibition): Bodley Gallery, New York City (New York : The Gallery, 1971) OCLC 10480617
Gilbertson, Charlotte. Papua New Guinea : liklik hap (Harwich Port, MA : CWEB Press, 1998) OCLC: 42673043
Opitz, Glenn B., ed., "Mantle Fielding's Dictionary of American Painters, Sculptors, and Engravers" (Poughkeepsie, NY : Apollo,1983)
External links
Andy Warhol Filmography listing Charlotte Gilbertson in the movie Kiss
.
1922 births
2014 deaths
American women painters
American printmakers
Artists from Boston
Painters from Massachusetts
American women printmakers
People from Roslindale
21st-century American women
Muggs and Skeeter was an American gag-a-day daily comic strip by Wally Bishop which ran from 1927 to 1974. Originally titled Muggs McGinnis, it was syndicated by the Central Press Association and then King Features Syndicate.
Publication history
The strip started out, syndicated by the Central Press Association, as Muggs McGinnis; it was a virtual clone, in character and tone, of the popular Percy Crosby strip Skippy (which was syndicated by King Features Syndicate).
In April 1936, the strip was taken over by King Features (by that point the corporate parent of the Central Press Association) and re-titled Muggs and Skeeter.
Comic strip historian Allan Holtz hypothesized that King Features bullpenner Bil Dwyer ghosted Muggs and Skeeter during World War II, while Wally Bishop was serving in both the Atlantic and Pacific theaters. Nonetheless, Bishop's name was the only one to ever appear on the strip.
Bishop continued to draw Muggs and Skeeter until 1974, when he retired the strip after a run of 47 years.
Story and characters
The strip drew its material from everyday life, much of it from Bishop's own family. At first stories centered around Muggs McGinnis, notable for his striped shirt and sweater vest printed with a large letter M. Gradually, the strip introduced Muggs' younger brother Skeeter, and the boys' enormous dog Hoiman (e.g., "Herman" — Skeeter spoke with a Brooklyn accent). The children's primary caretakers were their grandparents.
As the years went by, the two boys aged to reach their teen years.
Comic books
In the late 1940s/early 1950s, Muggs and Skeeter strips were reprinted in David McKay Publications' The Katzenjammer Kids comics and Atlas Comics' Super Thriller Comics.
Archives
A collection of 450 Muggs and Skeeter original art strips are housed at University of South Florida St. Petersburg in the Special Collections and University Archives of the Nelson Poynter Memorial Library.
References
External links
Muggs pages at ComicStripFan
1927 comics debuts
1974 comics endings
American comic strips
Comic strip duos
Gag-a-day comics
The Theodor Jacobsen Observatory is the on-campus observatory of the University of Washington. Built in 1895, it is the second oldest building on campus and was constructed using the remaining Tenino sandstone blocks from Denny Hall, the oldest and first building on campus. The refracting telescope, enclosed within the dome, has a 6-inch Brashear objective lens on a Warner & Swasey equatorial mount. The observatory also includes a transit room on the west side and a 45-seat classroom, which was built later, on the south side.
Today, the observatory is primarily used for public outreach and is run jointly by the UW Department of Astronomy and the Seattle Astronomical Society. Every first and third Wednesday between April and September the observatory is open to the public.
The observatory is listed on the State Register of Historical Buildings.
Information on the original design and building of the observatory by Prof. Joseph Marion Taylor may be found on the University of Washington Astronomy Department website and other sources.
See also
List of observatories
References
External links
Official Website (updated 2019-Apr-25)
Seattle Astronomical Society Website
Astronomical observatories in Washington (state)
Public observatories
University of Washington campus
1895 establishments in Washington (state)
Buildings and structures completed in 1895
Glyphipterix callidelta is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in South America.
References
Moths described in 1922
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of South America
Mario Serandrei (23 May 1907 – 17 April 1966) was an Italian film editor and screenwriter.
Born in Naples, he started in the film industry in 1931 as an assistant director. He edited over two hundred films during his career, and worked steadily until his death in 1966. As an editor, Serandrei's credits included Federico Fellini's Il bidone (1955), Pietro Francisci's Hercules (1958) and Hercules Unchained (1959), Valerio Zurlini's Estate violenta (1959), La ragazza con la valigia (1961) and Cronaca familiare (1962), and the Robert Aldrich/Sergio Leone film of Sodom and Gomorrah (1963). He enjoyed a long working relationship with director Luchino Visconti, editing Ossessione (1943), Bellissima (1951), Senso (1954), Rocco and His Brothers (1960) and The Leopard (1963).
At the end of his career, he edited many films directed by Mario Bava, including Black Sunday (1960) (which he also co-wrote), Black Sabbath (1963), and Blood and Black Lace (1965).
Selected filmography
Before the Jury (1931)
Abandonment (1940)
Two on a Vacation (1940)
The Betrothed (1941)
A Pistol Shot (1942)
Jealousy (1942)
Happy Days (1942)
The Taming of the Shrew (1942)
Headlights in the Fog (1942)
The Jester's Supper (1942)
Street of the Five Moons (1942)
Farewell Love! (1943)
The Priest's Hat (1944)
The Ways of Sin (1946)
The Unknown Man of San Marino (1946)
The Models of Margutta (1946)
Last Love (1947)
Eleonora Duse (1947)
Prelude to Madness (1948)
Chains (1949)
Torment (1950)
The Beggar's Daughter (1950)
Pact with the Devil (1950)
Women and Brigands (1950)
Nobody's Children (1951)
Without a Flag (1951)
Red Shirts (1952)
Who is Without Sin (1952)
Falsehood (1952)
Woman of the Red Sea (1953)
Captain Phantom (1953)
Too Young for Love (1953)
Matrimonial Agency (1953)
The Three Thieves (1954)
A Parisian in Rome (1954)
Mata Hari's Daughter (1954)
The Beach (1954)
Goodbye Naples (1955)
The White Angel (1955)
Melancholic Autumn (1958)
Legs of Gold (1958)
Revolt of the Mercenaries (1961)
The Legion's Last Patrol (1962)
Black Sabbath (1963)
Beautiful Families (1964)
References
Italian film editors
20th-century Italian screenwriters
Italian male screenwriters
Film people from Naples
1907 births
1966 deaths
20th-century Italian male writers
The Chicago Blues Festival is an annual event held in June, that features three days of performances by top-tier blues musicians, both old favorites and the up-and-coming. It is hosted by the City of Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs and Special Events (formerly the Mayor's Office of Special Events), and always occurs in early June. Until 2017, the event always took place at and around Petrillo Music Shell in Grant Park, adjacent to the Lake Michigan waterfront east of the Loop in Chicago. In 2017, the festival was moved to the nearby Millennium Park.
History of the festival
Chicago has a storied history with blues that goes back generations stemming from the Great Migration from the South and particularly the Mississippi Delta region in pursuit of advancement and better career possibilities for musicians. Created by Commissioner of Cultural Affairs Lois Weisberg, the festival began in 1984, a year after the death of McKinley Morganfield, better known as Muddy Waters, who is generally considered "the father of Chicago blues". Each year the organizers choose a theme, generally to honor a recently departed blues musician. Obviously, Chicago blues acts are common. In 2015, the festival celebrated the centenary of the births of Muddy Waters and Willie Dixon. The Centennial Tribute featured several musicians who had played with Muddy Waters as well as his sons Mud Morganfield and Big Bill Morganfield, with Alex Dixon playing bass. Also, in keeping with the blues' influence on other musical genres, there are some soul, jazz blues and blues-rock acts.
There was no festival in 2020.
Since those early beginnings the festival has risen to a status that the City of Chicago has billed as the world's largest free concert of its kind, and the largest of the city's music festivals. For many years through 2016, the festival's "Route 66 Roadhouse" side stage was located a few yards north of historic old U.S. Route 66 (Jackson Boulevard, with traffic closed off for the festival), and a block west of Route 66's former eastern terminus at US 41 Lake Shore Drive.
Notable performers
Albert King, The Aces, B. B. King, Bill Doggett, Golden "Big" Wheeler, Billy Branch, Bo Diddley, Bobby "Blue" Bland, Bobby Rush, Buckwheat Zydeco, Buddy Guy, Calvin Jones, Carey Bell, Carl Perkins, Barrelhouse Chuck, Chuck Berry, Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown, Dave Myers, Dion Payton, Dr. John, Eddie Boyd, Eddie C. Campbell, Eddie Vinson, Eddy Clearwater, Etta James, Fenton Robinson, Floyd Jones, Fontella Bass, Hank Ballard, Henry Townsend, Homesick James, Hubert Sumlin, James Cotton, Jerry Portnoy, Jimmy Johnson, Jimmy Rogers, Jimmie Lee Robinson, Jody Williams, John Lee Hooker, Johnnie Taylor, John Brim, Johnny Shines, Johnny Winter, Junior Wells, Keith Richards, Koko Taylor, Little Milton, Little Willie Littlefield, Lonnie Brooks, Lowell Fulson, Louisiana Red, Luther Allison, Eddie Cusic, Lurrie Bell, Magic Slim, Matt Murphy, Memphis Slim, George "Mojo" Buford, Mick Taylor, The Neville Brothers, The Ice Cream Men, Otis Rush, Pee Wee Crayton, Ike Turner, Pinetop Perkins, Ray Charles, Robert Cray Band, Robert Lockwood, Jr., Sam Lay, Otis "Big Smokey" Smothers, Snooky Pryor, Son Seals, Lacy Gibson, Staple Singers, Stevie Ray Vaughan, Sugar Blue, Sunnyland Slim, Grady Champion, Taildragger, Taj Mahal, Willie Dixon, Yank Rachell, Lil' Ed Williams and the Blues Imperials, Johnny B. Moore, Terry "Harmonica" Bean, Harmonica Hinds, Linsey Alexander, Toronzo Cannon, Liz Mandeville, Nora Jean Bruso, Holle Thee Maxwell, Eddie Taylor Jr.
See also
List of blues festivals
List of folk festivals
References
External links
Chicago Blues Festival
Music festivals established in 1984
Blues festivals in the United States
Folk festivals in the United States
Music festivals in Chicago
Blues music genres
Albert Jackson Pearson (May 20, 1846 – May 15, 1905) was a soldier, attorney, judge, and two-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1891 to 1895. He was a veteran of the Civil War.
Biography
Born in Centerville, Ohio, Pearson moved with his parents to Beallsville, Ohio at an early age. He attended the common schools and the normal school at Lebanon, Ohio.
Pearson served as a private in Company I, One Hundred and Eighty-Sixth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry, during the Civil War.
He was admitted to the bar in 1868 and commenced practice in Woodsfield, Ohio. He served as the prosecuting attorney of Monroe County, Ohio, from 1871 to 1877. He served as member of the Ohio Senate in 1881 and 1882. He was a probate judge of Monroe County from 1884 to 1890.
Congress
Pearson was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-second and Fifty-third Congresses (March 4, 1891 - March 3, 1895). He was not a candidate for reelection in 1894 to the Fifty-fourth Congress, and instead resumed the practice of his profession.
Death
Pearson died in Woodsfield on May 15, 1905, and was interred in Woodsfield Cemetery.
References
Retrieved on 2008-09-27
1846 births
1905 deaths
People from Centerville, Ohio
People from Beallsville, Ohio
Union Army soldiers
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state court judges
Ohio state senators
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
National Normal University alumni
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
People from Woodsfield, Ohio
19th-century American judges
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Abū Muṣʿab Aḥmad ibn Abī Bakr al-Qāsim ibn al-Ḥārith al-Zuhri (), 767–856 CE / 150–242 AH, was a Muslim scholar and judge () who was a student of Malik ibn Anas.
He was born and lived in Medina, where he wrote a work called ('The Epitome on Fiqh'), as well as a recension of Malik ibn Anas' . He was dismissed from his position as qadi by Qutham ibn Ja'far in 210 AH (825/826 CE). In his judicial opinions (fatwas), he relied not only on hadith reports, but also on rational discretion ().
Abū Muṣʿab's recension of the is approximately five to ten percent larger than the recension of Yahya ibn Yahya al-Laythi, which is considered the 'vulgate' or standard version in the Maliki school of law.
References
Sources
Primary
Secondary
8th-century Muslim scholars of Islam
8th-century Arabs
9th-century Muslim scholars of Islam
9th-century Arabs
767 births
856 deaths
Anusha Samaranayake (born 25 February 1962) is a Sri Lankan former first-class cricketer. He is now a bowling coach with the National Coaching Department. In January 2016 he was initially suspended by Sri Lanka Cricket for two months because of match-fixing allegations. However, in August 2016 he was cleared.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Alumni of St. John's College, Nugegoda
Sri Lankan cricketers
Cricketers from Colombo
Burgher Recreation Club cricketers
Thompson Creek is a stream in Georgia, and is a tributary of the Chestatee River. The creek is approximately long.
Course
Thompson Creek rises in eastern Dawson County, just west of U.S. Route 19/State Route 400 and just north of State Route 53, and southeast of Dawsonville. The creek heads southeast for less than a half a mile, then crosses US 19/SR 400 and heads south along the highway, before turning east and forming the Thompson Creek arm of Lake Lanier, which is the westernmost arm of the lake, just east of SR 400. This arm also receives one additional unnamed branch coming from the south, before Thompson Creek meets the Chestatee River, which is submerged under Lake Lanier at the point of their confluence at the intersection of the Chestatee and Thompson Lake Lanier arms.
Sub-watershed details
The creek watershed and associated waters is designated by the United States Geological Survey as sub-watershed HUC 031300010702, is named the Thompson Creek-Chestatee River sub-watershed, and drains an area of approximately 23 square miles southeast of Dawsonville. The sub-watershed also encompasses a significant southern portion of the Chestatee River arm of Lake Lanier at the border of Dawson County and Hall County to a point just north of State Route 53 and Keith Bridge, and dips into Forsyth County at its southern end. The Chestatee River enters the sub-watershed immediately south of the Yellow Creek sub-watershed, and drains and picks up an unnamed branch from the east, as well as Toto Creek and two other unnamed branches from the west.
See also
Water Resource Region
South Atlantic-Gulf Water Resource Region
Apalachicola basin
References
Thompson Creek (Chestatee River)
Rivers of Dawson County, Georgia
The was one of the first classes of submarine in the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) to serve during the Second World War. Type-C submarines were better armed than the Type-A and Type-B. The Type-Cs were also utilized as Kō-hyōteki or Kaiten mother ships, for this reason they were not equipped with aviation facilities.
Class variants
The Type-C submarines were divided into three classes:
. However, the Vessel number 379-class was never built.
Type-C (I-16 class)
Project number S38 and S38B (Latter batch). They were based on the I-7 class. Eight boats were built between 1937 and 1944 under the Maru 3 Programme (Boats 44 - 48) and the Maru Kyū Programme (Boats 376 - 378).
Boats in class
Type-C Mod. (I-52 class)
Project number S37D. Twenty boats were planned under the Maru Tsui Programme (Boats 625 - 632) and the Kai-Maru 5 Programme (Boats 5141 - 5155). According to their Project number, they were one of the variants of the Type-B submarine. Seventeen boats were cancelled in late 1943, because the IJN was planning to build the which was to become the primary submarine in 1945.
Boats in class
{| class="wikitable"
| width="4%" | Boat No.
| width="3%" | Boat
| width="10%" | Builder
| width="5%" | Laid down
| width="5%" | Launched
| width="5%" | Completed
| width="25%" | Results
| width="20%" | Fate
|-
| 625
|
| Kure Naval Arsenal
| 18-03-1942
| 10-11-1942
| 28-12-1943
|
| Sunk by aircraft from west of Cap-Vert at on 24-06-1944.
|-
| 626
|
| Kure Naval Arsenal
| 15-05-1942
| 24-12-1942
| 20-02-1944
| Damaged 21-07-1945 by Kaiten.Sank on 24-07-1945 by Kaiten.Damaged on 04-08-1945 by Kaiten.
| Converted to a Kaiten mother ship in July 1944. Decommissioned on 30-11-1945, sunk as a target off the Gotō Islands on 01-04-1946.
|-
| 628
|
| Kure Naval Arsenal
| 15-06-1942
| 20-04-1943
| 20-04-1944
|
| Sunk by , and aircraft from east of the Mariana Islands on 28-07-1944.<ref>This is one opinion, because this conflicts with I-55s action records.</ref>
|-
| 630632
| I-57I-59
|
|
|
|
|
| rowspan="2"|Cancelled in 1943.
|-
| 5141 - 5155
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|}
Type V22B
Project number S49B'''. Twenty eight boats were planned under the Maru Kyū Programme (Boats 379 - 381) and the Kai-Maru 5 Programme (Boats 5156 - 5180). All boats were cancelled in late 1943, because the IJN was planning to build the .
Boats in class
Characteristics
Footnotes
Bibliography, History of Pacific War Vol.17 I-Gō Submarines, Gakken (Japan), January 1998, Rekishi Gunzō, History of Pacific War Vol.35 Kō-hyōteki and Kōryū, Gakken (Japan), April 2002, Rekishi Gunzō, History of Pacific War Vol.36 Kairyū and Kaiten, Gakken (Japan), May 2002, Rekishi Gunzō, History of Pacific War Extra, "Perfect guide, The submarines of the Imperial Japanese Forces", Gakken (Japan), March 2005, Model Art Extra No.537, Drawings of Imperial Japanese Naval Vessels Part-3, Model Art Co. Ltd. (Japan), May 1999, Book code 08734-5The Maru Special, Japanese Naval Vessels No.31 Japanese Submarines I'', Ushio Shobō (Japan), September 1979, Book code 68343-31
See also
Cruiser submarine
Submarine classes
Submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy
Emrah Kiraz (born 30 October 1987) is a Turkish footballer who currently plays as a defender for Gaziantep Ankasspor.
Kiraz previously played for Giresunspor and Kocaelispor. He appeared in eight Süper Lig matches during 2008-09 season with Kocaelispor and Bursaspor. Also appeared in twelve TFF First League matches during 2007-08 season with Giresunspor.
External links
Profile at TFF.org
1987 births
Living people
Turkish footballers
Göztepe S.K. footballers
Bursaspor footballers
Kocaelispor footballers
Süper Lig players
Turkey under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
The Hurst exponent is used as a measure of long-term memory of time series. It relates to the autocorrelations of the time series, and the rate at which these decrease as the lag between pairs of values increases.
Studies involving the Hurst exponent were originally developed in hydrology for the practical matter of determining optimum dam sizing for the Nile river's volatile rain and drought conditions that had been observed over a long period of time. The name "Hurst exponent", or "Hurst coefficient", derives from Harold Edwin Hurst (1880–1978), who was the lead researcher in these studies; the use of the standard notation H for the coefficient also relates to his name.
In fractal geometry, the generalized Hurst exponent has been denoted by H or Hq in honor of both Harold Edwin Hurst and Ludwig Otto Hölder (1859–1937) by Benoît Mandelbrot (1924–2010). H is directly related to fractal dimension, D, and is a measure of a data series' "mild" or "wild" randomness.
The Hurst exponent is referred to as the "index of dependence" or "index of long-range dependence". It quantifies the relative tendency of a time series either to regress strongly to the mean or to cluster in a direction. A value H in the range 0.5–1 indicates a time series with long-term positive autocorrelation, meaning both that a high value in the series will probably be followed by another high value and that the values a long time into the future will also tend to be high. A value in the range 0 – 0.5 indicates a time series with long-term switching between high and low values in adjacent pairs, meaning that a single high value will probably be followed by a low value and that the value after that will tend to be high, with this tendency to switch between high and low values lasting a long time into the future. A value of H=0.5 can indicate a completely uncorrelated series, but in fact it is the value applicable to series for which the autocorrelations at small time lags can be positive or negative but where the absolute values of the autocorrelations decay exponentially quickly to zero. This in contrast to the typically power law decay for the 0.5 < H < 1 and 0 < H < 0.5 cases.
Definition
The Hurst exponent, H, is defined in terms of the asymptotic behaviour of the rescaled range as a function of the time span of a time series as follows;
where;
is the range of the first cumulative deviations from the mean
is the series (sum) of the first n standard deviations
is the expected value
is the time span of the observation (number of data points in a time series)
is a constant.
Relation to Fractal Dimension
For self-similar time series,
H is directly related to fractal dimension, D, where 1 < D < 2, such that D = 2 - H. The values of the Hurst exponent vary between 0 and 1, with higher values indicating a smoother trend, less volatility, and less roughness.
For more general time series or multi-dimensional process, the Hurst exponent and fractal dimension
can be chosen independently, as the Hurst exponent represents structure over asymptotically longer
periods, while fractal dimension represents structure over asymptotically shorter periods.
Estimating the exponent
A number of estimators of long-range dependence have been proposed in the literature. The oldest and best-known is the so-called rescaled range (R/S) analysis popularized by Mandelbrot and Wallis and based on previous hydrological findings of Hurst. Alternatives include DFA, Periodogram regression, aggregated variances, local Whittle's estimator, wavelet analysis, both in the time domain and frequency domain.
Rescaled range (R/S) analysis
To estimate the Hurst exponent, one must first estimate the dependence of the rescaled range on the time span n of observation. A time series of full length N is divided into a number of shorter time series of length n = N, N/2, N/4, ... The average rescaled range is then calculated for each value of n.
For a (partial) time series of length , , the rescaled range is calculated as follows:
1. Calculate the mean;
2. Create a mean-adjusted series;
3. Calculate the cumulative deviate series ;
4. Compute the range ;
5. Compute the standard deviation ;
6. Calculate the rescaled range and average over all the partial time series of length
The Hurst exponent is estimated by fitting the power law to the data. This can be done by plotting as a function of , and fitting a straight line; the slope of the line gives (a more principled approach fits the power law in a maximum-likelihood fashion). Such a graph is called a box plot. However, this approach is known to produce biased estimates of the power-law exponent. For small there is a significant deviation from the 0.5 slope. Anis and Lloyd estimated the theoretical (i.e., for white noise) values of the R/S statistic to be:
where is the Euler gamma function. The Anis-Lloyd corrected R/S Hurst exponent is calculated as 0.5 plus the slope of .
Confidence intervals
No asymptotic distribution theory has been derived for most of the Hurst exponent estimators so far. However, Weron used bootstrapping to obtain approximate functional forms for confidence intervals of the two most popular methods, i.e., for the Anis-Lloyd corrected R/S analysis:
and for DFA:
Here and is the series length. In both cases only subseries of length were considered for estimating the Hurst exponent; subseries of smaller length lead to a high variance of the R/S estimates.
Generalized exponent
The basic Hurst exponent can be related to the expected size of changes, as a function of the lag between observations, as measured by E(|Xt+τ-Xt|2). For the generalized form of the coefficient, the exponent here is replaced by a more general term, denoted by q.
There are a variety of techniques that exist for estimating H, however assessing the accuracy of the estimation can be a complicated issue. Mathematically, in one technique, the Hurst exponent can be estimated such that:
Hq = H(q),
for a time series
g(t) (t = 1, 2,...)
may be defined by the scaling properties of its structure functions Sq():
where q > 0, is the time lag and averaging is over the time window
usually the largest time scale of the system.
Practically, in nature, there is no limit to time, and thus H is non-deterministic as it may only be estimated based on the observed data; e.g., the most dramatic daily move upwards ever seen in a stock market index can always be exceeded during some subsequent day.
In the above mathematical estimation technique, the function H(q) contains information about averaged generalized volatilities at scale (only q = 1, 2 are used to define the volatility). In particular, the H1 exponent indicates persistent (H1 > ½) or antipersistent (H1 < ½) behavior of the trend.
For the BRW (brown noise, 1/f²) one gets
Hq = ½,
and for pink noise (1/f)
Hq = 0.
The Hurst exponent for white noise is dimension dependent, and for 1D and 2D it is
H1Dq = -½ , H2Dq = -1.
For the popular Lévy stable processes and truncated Lévy processes with parameter α it has been found that
Hq = q/α for q < α and Hq = 1 for q ≥ α.
Multifractal detrended fluctuation analysis is one method to estimate from non-stationary time series.
When is a non-linear function of q the time series is a multifractal system.
Note
In the above definition two separate requirements are mixed together as if they would be one. Here are the two independent requirements: (i) stationarity of the increments, x(t+T)-x(t)=x(T)-x(0) in distribution. This is the condition that yields longtime autocorrelations. (ii) Self-similarity of the stochastic process then yields variance scaling, but is not needed for longtime memory. E.g., both Markov processes (i.e., memory-free processes) and fractional Brownian motion scale at the level of 1-point densities (simple averages), but neither scales at the level of pair correlations or, correspondingly, the 2-point probability density.
An efficient market requires a martingale condition, and unless the variance is linear in the time this produces nonstationary increments, x(t+T)-x(t)≠x(T)-x(0). Martingales are Markovian at the level of pair correlations, meaning that pair correlations cannot be used to beat a martingale market. Stationary increments with nonlinear variance, on the other hand, induce the longtime pair memory of fractional Brownian motion that would make the market beatable at the level of pair correlations. Such a market would necessarily be far from "efficient".
An analysis of economic time series by means of the Hurst exponent using rescaled range and Detrended fluctuation analysis is conducted by econophysicist A.F. Bariviera. This paper studies the time varying character of Long-range dependency and, thus of informational efficiency.
Hurst exponent has also been applied to the investigation of long-range dependency in DNA, and photonic band gap materials.
See also
Long-range dependency
Anomalous diffusion
Rescaled range
Detrended fluctuation analysis
Implementations
Matlab code for computing R/S, DFA, periodogram regression and wavelet estimates of the Hurst exponent and their corresponding confidence intervals is available from RePEc: https://ideas.repec.org/s/wuu/hscode.html
Implementation of R/S in Python: https://github.com/Mottl/hurst and of DFA and MFDFA in Python: https://github.com/LRydin/MFDFA
Matlab code for computing real Hurst and complex Hurst: https://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/49803-calculate-complex-hurst
Excel sheet can also be used to do so: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/272792633_Excel_Hurst_Calculator
References
Autocorrelation
Fractals
The 1899 Latrobe Athletic Association season was their fifth season in existence. The team played only four games this season and finished 4–0. This season, the team's colors changed from orange and maroon to red and blue.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Latrobe Athletic Association
Latrobe Athletic Association seasons
The 1978–79 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 40th season of ice hockey in Norway. Ten teams participated in the league, and Frisk Asker won the championship.
First round
Second round
Final round
Relegation round
8th place tiebreaker
Forward Flyers - Sparta Sarpsborg 5:3
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1978 in Norwegian sport
1979 in Norwegian sport
The M2 road is a metropolitan route in the City of Tshwane in Gauteng, South Africa. It connects the N1 and N4 highways at the Proefplaas Interchange with Proclamation Hill via Hatfield, Pretoria CBD and Pretoria West.
Route
The M2 starts at the Proefplaas interchange with the N1 Highway (Pretoria Bypass) and the N4 Highway (Maputo Corridor) in Pretoria East, just north of the Scientia suburb. It heads west to pass through the Hatfield suburb, becoming two one-way streets (Pretorius Street westwards from the N1 and Francis Baard Street, formerly Schoeman Street, eastwards to the N1) and meeting the M7 route (Gordon Road; Jan Shoba Street).
At Arcadia, the M2 meets the M5 route (Hamilton Street; Steve Biko Road) and immediately afterwards, it meets the M3 route (Nelson Mandela Drive). The M2 leaves Pretorius Street and Francis Baard Street to join the M3 on Nelson Mandela Drive southwards up to the next junction, where the M2 becomes Nana Sita Street (formerly Skinner Street) westwards.
It passes through the Pretoria CBD westwards as Nana Sita Street, meeting the M18 route (Thabo Sehume Stret; Bosman Street) and the R101 Route (Sophie de Bruyn Street; Kgosi Mampuru Street). Just after the Pretoria CBD, the M2 reaches a junction, where it meets the southern terminus of the M1 route (Es'kia Mphahlele Drive) and the western terminus of the M6 route (Visagie Street), where it crosses into Pretoria West.
It once again becomes two one-way streets (Charlotte Maxeke Street, formerly Mitchell Street, westwards and Soutter Street eastwards) through Pretoria West, before becoming one street westwards (Charlotte Maxeke Street) and reaching its end at a junction with the M22 route (Quagga Road) at Proclamation Hill.
History
Together with the M4 route, the section of the M2 route from the Proefplaas Interchange near Hatfield to the M5 junction in Arcadia was previously part of the N4 National Route, which connects the Mozambique Border in the east with the Botswana Border in the west. It was part of the main route from the east of Pretoria to the west of Pretoria.
Then, the N4 was realigned on a new highway known as the Pretoria Bypass, which forms part of the Platinum Highway maintained by Bakwena, in order for the city centre to be bypassed to the north and east. The old route through Pretoria Central, specifically from the Proefplaas Interchange to the M5 junction, was then re-designated as the M2 Metropolitan Route of Tshwane, although some Global Positioning Systems still label this old route as the N4 together with the newer route north of Pretoria.
References
Metropolitan Routes in Pretoria
The red-fronted prinia (Prinia rufifrons), also known as the red-fronted warbler and the red-faced apalis, is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae.
It is found in Chad, Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
Taxonomy
The red-fronted prinia was described by the German naturalist Eduard Rüppell in 1840 under the binomial name Prinia rufifrons. The type locality is Eritrea (the coastal region of Abyssinia). The specific epithet rufifrons comes from the Latin rufus for "red" and frons for "forehead" or "front".
There are three subspecies:
P. r. rufifrons Rüppell, 1840 – Chad to northwest Somalia
P. r. smithi (Sharpe, 1895) – southeast Sudan to central Somalia and north Tanzania
P. r. rufidorsalis (Sharpe, 1897) – southeast Kenya
Many taxonomists place this species in the genus Prinia rather than in its own monotypic genus Urorhipis. Support for this alternative placement is provided by a molecular phylogenetic study of the Cisticolidae published in 2013 that found that the red-fronted warbler was closely related to the prinias.
References
Ryan, Peter (2006). Family Cisticolidae (Cisticolas and allies). pp. 378–492 in del Hoyo J., Elliott A. & Christie D.A. (2006) Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 11. Old World Flycatchers to Old World Warblers'' Lynx Edicions, Barcelona
red-fronted prinia
Birds of the Horn of Africa
red-fronted prinia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Robbie Butler (born 16 April 1972) is a Unionist politician from Northern Ireland, who has been the Deputy Leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) since May 2021. He has been a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly (MLA) for Lagan Valley since May 2016.
He is the Ulster Unionist Party's representative for Mental Health and for Education. He is an officer in the Boys' Brigade at 1st Magheragall.
Before entering politics, Butler worked as a butcher from the age of 16, became a prison officer in 1996 and then a firefighter in 2000.
Butler was a UUP candidate in the 2014 local elections for Lisburn and Castlereagh Council. He stood in the Killultagh electoral area and was elected as a councillor with 18.2% of the vote. He was the UUP candidate for Lagan Valley in the 2017 general election, polling 16.8% of the vote. He stood again in the 2019 election, polling 19.0%.
Following Steve Aiken's resignation as leader of the UUP, Butler was reported to be "giving serious consideration" around standing for the party leadership. Butler decided not to stand, and Doug Beattie was elected unopposed.
On 24 May 2021, in addition to his existing role as party chief whip, Butler was appointed deputy leader of the UUP.
References
External links
Lagan Valley constituency profile, BBC News; accessed 4 November 2016.
Northern Ireland Assembly profile
Ulster Unionist Party profile
1972 births
Living people
Ulster Unionist Party MLAs
Northern Ireland MLAs 2016–2017
Northern Ireland MLAs 2017–2022
Place of birth missing (living people)
Northern Ireland MLAs 2022–2027
Lynda Margaret Clark, Baroness Clark of Calton PC, KC known as Lady Clark of Calton, (born 26 February 1949) is a Scottish judge. She was formerly the Labour Member of Parliament for Edinburgh Pentlands. She was Advocate General for Scotland from the creation of that position in 1999 until 2006, whereupon she became a Judge of the Court of Session in Scotland.
Career
Clark read Law at Queens College, St Andrews during its transition to independence as the University of Dundee School of Law, graduating in 1970 with a LLB (Hons) from St Andrews, and subsequently gained a PhD in Criminology and Penology from the University of Edinburgh in 1975. She was a lecturer in Jurisprudence from 1973 at the University of Dundee until she was called to the Scottish Bar in 1977. She took silk in 1989, and was subsequently called to the English Bar in 1990 as a member of the Inner Temple.
Politics
Clark first stood for election to Parliament at the 1992 general election, where she unsuccessfully contested the North East Fife seat held by Menzies Campbell of the Liberal Democrats. At the 1997 general election, she was elected to the House of Commons for the Edinburgh Pentlands constituency, unseating the Conservative Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Malcolm Rifkind. Rifkind was one of the high-profile losses on election night for the Conservative Party, who experienced their worst defeat since the 1906 general election and lost all their seats in both Scotland and Wales.
In May 1999, Clark was appointed as the first-ever Advocate General for Scotland, a new post created by the Scotland Act 1998 to advise the Crown and Government of the United Kingdom on Scots law.
She stood down at the 2005 general election, allowing Secretary of State for Transport Alistair Darling to contest the new Edinburgh South West constituency.
On 13 May 2005, it was announced that Clark would be created a life peer, and on 21 June 2005 the title was gazetted as Baroness Clark of Calton, of Calton in the City of Edinburgh.
On 18 January 2006, Lady Clark of Calton resigned as Advocate General, pending an expected judicial appointment. She was replaced as Advocate General by Neil Davidson, QC (now Lord Davidson of Glen Clova).
Judge
On 19 January, Clark was appointed as a Senator of the College of Justice, a judge of the Supreme Courts of Scotland. She was installed in office in February 2006.
On 21 June 2012, Lady Clark succeeded Lord Drummond Young as Chairman of the Scottish Law Commission. Lady Clark demitted office on 31 December 2013 in order to sit in the Inner House of the Court of Session, and was succeeded as Chairman by Lord Pentland.
As of 2016, Lady Clark of Calton is the most recent Senator of the College of Justice to have served in the House of Commons.
She retired from the bench in 2019.
Publications
The Role of the Advocate General for Scotland
References
External links
TheyWorkForYou.com – Baroness Clark of Calton
The Public Whip – Voting Record – Lynda Clark MP/Baroness Clark of Calton
BBC News – Lynda Clark profile – October 2002
Guardian – Ask Aristotle – Dr Lynda Clark
|-
1949 births
Living people
Advocates General for Scotland
Alumni of the University of Dundee
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Life peeresses created by Elizabeth II
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Scottish constituencies
Clark of Calton
Scottish Labour MPs
Members of the Faculty of Advocates
Members of the Inner Temple
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Edinburgh constituencies
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
Clark
Scottish women judges
Scottish Queen's Counsel
20th-century Scottish women politicians
20th-century Scottish politicians
21st-century Scottish women politicians
21st-century Scottish politicians
Women Law Officers of the Crown in the United Kingdom
Neeson may refer to:
Brian Neeson, New Zealand politician
Cormac Neeson, lead singer of the Northern Irish hard rock band The Answer.
Doc Neeson, Australian rock singer
Jackie Neeson, Scottish footballer
Liam Neeson, Irish actor
Norm Neeson, Australian rules footballer
Patrick Neeson Lynch, Irish Roman Catholic bishop
Rachel Neeson, Australian architect and lecturer in architecture
Scott Neeson, Scottish-Australian film executive and philanthropist
Seán Neeson, Irish politician
Guðrøðr is a masculine Old Norse personal name. The name is rendered in Old Irish and Middle Irish as Gofraid or Gofraidh (later Goraidh in Scottish Gaelic). Anglicised forms of the Old Norse name are Godred, Guthred, and Guthfrith. The name is also Latinised as Godredus.
Persons with the name
Many of these are given in more than one spelling in various sources, and thus their article titles here are not consistent.
Gudrød the Hunter (semi-legendary king in Vingulmark in south-east Norway, from 804 until 810)
Gudrød Bjørnsson (ruled Vestfold until 968)
Godred Crovan (d. 1095), King of Dublin and the Isles
Guðrøðr Óláfsson (d. 1187), King of Dublin and the Isles
Guðrøðr Rǫgnvaldsson (d. 1231), King in the Isles
Gofraid mac Amlaíb meic Ragnaill (d. 1075), King of Dublin
Gofraid mac Arailt (d. 989), King of the Isles
Gofraid mac Sitriuc (d. 951), King of Dublin
Gofraid mac Sitriuc (d. 1070), King of Dublin, father of Fingal mac Gofraid
Gofraid ua Ímair (d. 934), King of Dublin and Northumbria
Guðrøðr Magnússon (fl. 1275), son of Magnús Óláfsson, King of Mann and the Isles
Guðröðr of Skåne, 7th-century Scanian king
Guthred (d. 895), King of York
Other
Godred, the name of an engine on the Culdee Fell Railway in the stories of the Rev. W. Awdry
Grigory Kotovsky (1881–1925) was a Soviet military leader.
Kotovsky (masculine), Kotovskaya (feminine) or Kotovskoye (neuter) may also refer to:
Kotovsky District, a district of Volgograd Oblast in Russia
Kotovsky (rural locality) (Kotovskaya, Kotovskoye), several rural localities in Russia
Kotovsky (film), a 1942 Soviet film
See also
Kotowski (disambiguation)
Kotovsk (disambiguation)
Kotov (disambiguation)
Kotovo
Wide Open Spaces may refer to:
Wide Open Spaces (album), a 1998 album by the Dixie Chicks
"Wide Open Spaces" (song), a song from the Dixie Chicks album
Wide Open Spaces (1924 film), starring Stan Laurel
Wide Open Spaces (1947 film), starring Donald Duck
See also
"Wide Open Space", a 1996 song by UK band Mansun
Wide Open Space (festival) in the Australian Northern Territory
Christian Macedonia is a medical doctor and a retired United States Army officer. From 2009 to 2011, he led the Gray Team which was tasked to improve the care of American forces serving in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Early life and education
He attended Bucknell University and graduated with a degree in chemistry in 1985. He attended medical school at the Uniformed Services University.
Military career
He served as an ambulance platoon leader in Goeppingen, Germany for three years with the 1st Infantry Division.
From January 2009 and September 2011, he commanded the Gray Team and served as chief medical adviser to the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Michael Mullen.
He served as a program manager at the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, where one of his projects involved developing new technologies to treat brain and spine injuries.
He has since retired from the military.
Civilian career
Currently, he has an obstetrics and gynecology practice in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
References
Living people
United States Army officers
Bucknell University alumni
American obstetricians
American gynecologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ernest George Trobridge (1884–1942) was an architect and developer. He was active in domestic architecture during the first half of the 20th century, especially in what became the North Western suburbs of London.
Career
Trobridge was an adherent of Swedenborgianism and it may have been his religious beliefs which led him to be interested in domestic architecture for working-class people. He undertook his first major building works in the 1920s, when new homes were needed for ex-servicemen. Bricks, the usual building material for housing, were in short supply so Trobridge used elm timber which was readily available at the time, and built inexpensive timber framed, timber clad, thatch-roofed houses in the London suburb of Kingsbury as well as the village of Chaldon in Surrey. These properties were technically highly innovative. The green elm timber was cut in a special way so that shrinkage could be accommodated, and the thatch contained a patent fire extinguishing sprinkler system.
In the thirties bricks became more readily available and the pressure on land around London meant that working-class families needed flats rather than houses. Trobridge developed blocks of flats in the form of romantic cottages, castles and baronial halls, again mostly in Kingsbury. His work often included unusual forms and references to historical building types.
Trobridge's working methods were unusual for the time: he employed disabled ex-servicemen and insisted on paying full union rates to all his employees.
Personal life
Trobridge was born in Northern Ireland; his father was the landscape artist and Swedenborg biographer George F. Trobridge (1850–1909).
He married Jennie Pulsford in 1912. They had six children, four of whom survived him.
Because of his Swedenborgian religious beliefs Trobridge was a lifelong vegetarian. He would not take the insulin that he needed for his diabetes and died of this condition in 1942. He lived in a remarkable house at 19 Heather Walk, Edgware, where there is a Blue Plaque bearing his name.
Trobridge's Legacy
Trobridge's legacy includes a large number of unusual homes in the NW suburbs of London and elsewhere in England, including several which are Listed Buildings.
Exhibitions have been held about Trobridge's work in Oxford in 1982, Edinburgh in 1983 and in the London Borough of Brent in 2010.
A Trobridge house in Surrey was in 2016 under threat from a planning application to demolish it.
References
External links
London Borough of Brent press release
London Borough of Brent 'Secret History' website
London Tube Rambles - Kingsbury
Plaques of London - 19 Heather Walk, Edgware
20th-century architects from Northern Ireland
1884 births
1942 deaths
English Swedenborgians
NTC Tower, or National Telecommunications Corporation Tower is a building in Khartoum, Sudan. The 29 story office building was completed in 2009, construction having begun in 2005. The contractor is the Turkish company AINA International.
Solar technology
This tower incorporates solar technologies in the building, for electricity generation (photovoltaics), as ways to lessen the demand for cooling, and light tubes to bring sunlight to the interior spaces.
See also
Skyscraper design and construction
List of the tallest buildings in Africa
References
Buildings and structures in Khartoum
Residential buildings completed in 2009
Purnima is a 1965 Indian family entertainment romance film produced by Mahipatray Shah and directed by Narendra Suri in Hindi language under the Roopkala Pictures company.
Cast
Dharmendra as Prakash
Meena Kumari as Purnima
Mehmood as Chimanbhai 'Kafanwala' Suratwala
Anita Guha as Vandana Mehra
Nasir Hussain as Ratan Lal
Durga Khote as Sharda R. Lal
Soundtrack
The soundtrack album of Purnima consists of 8 songs composed by Kalyanji-Anandji the lyrics of which were written by Bharat Vyas, Gulzar, Gulshan Bawra and Prakash Mehra.
Release
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Hindi-language films
1965 drama films
Indian black-and-white films
Urique is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Urique. The municipality covers an area of 3,968.6 km².
As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 20,386, up from 19,567 as of 2005.
As of 2010, the town of Urique had a population of 1,102. Other than the town of Urique, the municipality had 1,214 localities, the largest of which (with 2010 populations in parentheses) were: San Rafael (2,160), Cerocahui (1,556), and Bahuichivo (1,502), classified as rural.
Geography
Towns and villages
The municipality has 857 localities. The largest are:
References
Municipalities of Chihuahua (state)
Osteoma cutis is a cutaneous condition characterized by the presence of bone within the skin in the absence of a preexisting or associated lesion.
See also
Calcinosis cutis
Skin lesion
List of cutaneous conditions
References
External links
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
Chi Delta Mu () is a Professional fraternity for students and graduates in the Allied health professions. Founded at Howard University in 1913, Chi Delta Mu was traditionally an African American fraternity.
History
Chi Delta Mu was founded in the Howard University College of Medicine in 1913. The first meeting laying the ground work for the fraternity took place on January 30, 1913, and it was presided over by E. Clayton Terry and Charles Humbert. The January meeting was attended by twenty-eight students, and several decided to return at a later date to formally establish the details of the new organization. The meeting for organization took place on February 6, 1913, under the guidance of faculty member Dr. William C. McNeill. The name Chi Delta Mu was selected at a special meeting on February 11, 1913. The purpose of the fraternity was to "unite men of the medical professions of Medicine, Dentistry, and Pharmacy into a closer relationship so that the highest degree of efficiency and scientific ability might be developed."
Although traditionally made up of African American students, the fraternity integrated its membership in 1949 when a white student, Howard medical school senior Paul Guth, was admitted to membership in the Alpha chapter.
Hubert Humphrey was initiated as an honorary member of Chi Delta Mu in 1954. He was a key-note speaker at the fraternity's conclave in April of that year, where he was recognized for his efforts in the civil rights movement.
Chapters
Alpha - Howard University, Washington, DC
Gamma - St. Louis, Missouri
Iota - Baltimore, Maryland
Lambda - Washington, DC
Nu - Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Xi - Brooklyn, New York and Long Island, New York
Pi - Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Rho - Richmond, Virginia
References
Student organizations established in 1913
Professional fraternities and sororities in the United States
1913 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Kosmos 440 ( meaning Cosmos 440), also known as DS-P1-I No.10 was a satellite which was used as a radar target for anti-ballistic missile tests. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1971 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme.
Launch
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket, from Site 133/1 at Plesetsk. The launch occurred at 10:30:00 UTC on 24 September 1971.
Orbit
Kosmos 440 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 70.9 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 95.2 minutes. It decayed from orbit on 29 October 1972.
Kosmos 440 was the eleventh of nineteen DS-P1-I satellites to be launched. Of these, all reached orbit successfully except the seventh.
See also
1971 in spaceflight
References
1971 in spaceflight
Kosmos 0440
1971 in the Soviet Union
Spacecraft launched in 1971
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
Jesse Ray Ernster is a Canadian-born American mixing engineer, audio engineer, and record producer, based in Los Angeles. He has worked with artists including Kanye West, Burna Boy, Doja Cat, and Goody Grace.
Ernster mixed Doja Cat's top 10 hit, Woman (Doja Cat song) and has earned two Grammy Awards for his contributions to the albums Jesus Is King by Kanye West and Twice as Tall by Burna Boy.
References
External links
Living people
American audio engineers
American record producers
Canadian audio engineers
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Canadian record producers
Grammy Award winners
People from Winnipeg
Year of birth missing (living people)
Conflenti (Calabrian: ) is a and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
It is located at the foot of the Reventino mountain.
Conflenti is a small town in the province of Catanzaro, located at 540 m. above sea level, at the ground of Mount Reventino (1417 m. ).
Conflenti appears in the beautiful wall map of the Belvedere Gallery in the Vatican depicting Calabria Citeriore, part of the spectacular cycle of map frescoes made in 1580 by Egnazio Danti..........
Is this proof that Conflenti late ' 500 had strategic importance on the borderline between Calabria Citeriore and Ultra and was a religious reference place.......
The first housing core arose in the th century around a Basilian cenobium, then transformed into a Christian church named S. Nicola. Nicola. It developed in the following centuries until it became famous in 1578, the year when the wonders and appearances of the Virgin Mary happened in the place where today a beautiful sanctuary rises. Divided into Conflent soprano and subtains, it preserves almost intact the two historic centers with the distinctive gates and stone houses attached to each other like the niches of a hive.
At the end of ' 700 it was at the heart of the upsetting events of sanfedism by Nicola Gualtieri Panedigrano, who became major in the Bourbon army and right arm of Cardinal Ruffo in the march of Saint Faith to liberate the kingdom from the French.......
It was then one of the largest universities (today's municipalities) with a territory that reached the vicinity of the lametine plateau. The two tenants (Don Antonio Montoro and Don Antonio Folino) who held the possessions of the ancient abbey of the Saint Forty Martyrs, including the Selva del Mitoio and the church. The prosecutor of Abbey and its assets was the priest Don Francesco Maria Stranges, parish priest of St. Nicholas church in Conflenti soprano. The prosecution was entrusted to him by Abbot Commendatario Don Guglielmo Winspeare resident of Naples........
The Mythio forest was the famous ′′ pitch selva ′′ remembered in all the documents of the time.
In the years of the plague, Conflenti came to find himself at the center of attention for a series of puzzling events that made news throughout the Kingdom of Naples and even in the Vatican. These events (appearances and miracles) have been handed down, as well as tradition, from a precious manuscript of the era, including the dossier drawn up by the notary chancellor Nicolangelo Baratta in 1578-1579, when he was appointed Bishop of Martirano, Perblessedetti to ascertain Their truthfulness, instructing a true process. From this manuscript the priest Carlo Montoro in 1862 brought the SACRE MEMORIES OF GOD'S GRAN MOTHER in which appearances are narrated starting June 7, 1578.
The stories made by them to the Bishop's Chancellor Baratta have many particulars in common, so much so that all appearances are essentially identical: ′′ a great lady surrounded by doves ", ′′ a noble matron surrounded by angels ", ′′ a celesta majestic reigns ", ′′ a noble lady ", ′′ a heavenly matron ", ′′ a vague noble lady ". All seers, besides their vision, feel a ′′ heavenly soft harmony ′′ and go into ecstasy. For everyone the Virgin Mary has the same message: the request for the erection of a temple in Visora.
The laying of the first stone of the temple wanted by the Conflentes in Visora took place on March 9, 1580. Amid a multitude of faithful people from all sides, the bishop, after celebrating the mass and delivering a short speech, outlined the boundaries of the church. The foundations, as the documents read, were excavated in just 4 days. Work proceeded with incredible speed. Thus, after just seven months, precisely in October, the structures were finished.
Thereafter he was worried about painting a picture of the Virgin Mary to be placed in the new temple. The painter Muzio Roblani of Messina was given the assignment. On the morning of July 9, 1581 the painter, who arrived in Conflenti, went to church together with a commission to decide how to prepare and where to fix the effigy. Well, as tradition tells us, just opened the temple door, the picture already painted and put in place was found. The fact tasted miraculous.
The picture, immediately defined as ′′ divine ", placed very high above the high altar, a canvas of m. 1 by cm 80. The image of the Virgin, wrapped in a blue mantle that descends from the head to the back, stands out against a golden background. The colorful face is dark, blond hair, dark pupils, purple red lips. The mantle, tight forward, leaves the hands that shake a white embroidered linen free. On the chest to the right, a star is camping. A series of five-to-five gold globes adorn the rest of the cloth. On the left, in the arms of the Virgin, sits the child holding a book in his left hand, while with the right he blesses. A gold-colored double tiadem surrounds the mother and son's head. The Virgin depicted in this picture, defined as miraculous and painted by angels, was chosen as protector and patroness of the Conflentes who pledged to keep a lamp lit night and day in front of her altar. The feast of the Virgin Mary of Visora was celebrated on June 24 and it was for another 27 years. On 26 August 1607 the church was proclaimed and consecrated 'basilica', which involved great honorific privileges.
People
Antonio Porchia
External links
News, photos, recent history
Conflenti Hystory: the history of Conflenti and its Families
Cities and towns in Calabria
Collis Temple Jr. (born November 8, 1952) is an American former professional basketball player for Louisiana State University and the San Antonio Spurs in the NBA.
Career
College
The Kentwood, Louisiana native was the first African-American to play varsity basketball at Louisiana State University (LSU). When he joined the team in 1971, the Louisiana National Guard was called to protect him from angry segregationists. In the fourth season of the Slate podcast Slow Burn, Temple shared his experiences interacting with a young David Duke while they were both students at LSU.
As a senior, Temple earned All-Southeastern Conference honors after averaging 15.0 points and 10.5 rebounds per game. In 2017, Temple was elected to the Louisiana State University Athletic Hall of Fame.
Professional
Temple was selected by the Phoenix Suns with the 94th pick of the 1974 NBA draft. He spent one season (1974–75) with the San Antonio Spurs. He averaged 1.8 points and 1.3 rebounds in 24 games.
In February 1975, he joined the Iberia Superstars of the European Professional Basketball League.
Personal
Temple has three sons and one daughter. Collis III and Garrett Temple both played at LSU. His daughter-in-law is Miss USA 2017 winner Kára Temple.
References
1952 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
Baptists from Louisiana
LSU Tigers basketball players
People from Kentwood, Louisiana
Phoenix Suns draft picks
San Antonio Spurs players
Small forwards
The Bledisloe Cup is an annual rugby union competition originally staged between the national teams of Australia's Wallabies and New Zealand's All Blacks that has been contested since the 1930s. The frequency that the competition is held has varied, as has the number of matches played in each tournament, but it currently consists of an annual three-match series, reduced to a two-match series in World Cup years, with two of the matches counting towards The Rugby Championship. New Zealand have had the most success, winning the trophy in 2022 for the 50th time (excluding the disputed inaugural competition in 1931), while Australia have won the trophy 12 times.
History
Semantics plays a role in the issue when was the inaugural Bledisloe Cup match played. The Australian Rugby Union (ARU) contend that the one-off 1931 match played at Eden Park was first. The only record of a match taking place is recorded in the minutes of a New Zealand union management meeting several days later that Lord Bledisloe wished to present a cup for the All Blacks and Wallabies competition. The New Zealand Rugby Union (NZRU) believe that the first match was when New Zealand toured Australia in 1932.
Between 1931 and 1981, the Bledisloe Cup was contested irregularly in the course of rugby tours between the two countries, with New Zealand winning it nineteen times and Australia four times. In 1949, Australia won the competition for the first time on New Zealand soil. The trophy itself was apparently 'lost' during this period and reportedly rediscovered in a Melbourne store room. It was contested annually from 1982 to 1995, sometimes as a series of three matches (two in 1995) and other times in a single match. During these years, New Zealand won the trophy eleven times and Australia three times.
Since 1996, the cup has been contested as part of the annual Tri Nations tournament. Until 1998, the cup was contested in a three-match series consisting of the two Tri Nations matches between the two sides and a third match. New Zealand won the series in 1996 and 1997, and Australia won it in 1998.
In 1996, and from 1999 through 2005, the third match was not played; during these years, Australia and New Zealand played each other twice as part of the Tri Nations for the cup. If the two teams won one game each, or if both games were drawn, the cup was retained by its current holder. The non-holder needed to win the two games 2–0 or 1–0 (with a draw) to regain the cup. A criticism of this system was that, with the two sides being very well matched in ability level, it was very common for the teams to win one game each and many rugby fans were dissatisfied with one team keeping the cup in the years when the series was tied at 1–1 (1999, 2000, 2002, 2004).
In 2006, the Tri Nations series was extended so that each team played each other three times, meaning a return of the three-game contest for the Bledisloe Cup. However, the cup reverted to the two-game contest in 2007 because the Tri Nations was abbreviated that year to minimise interference with the teams' preparations for the World Cup.
The three-match format for the Bledisloe Cup continued in 2012, with the first two matches taking place as part of the 2012 Rugby Championship.
Neutral venues
Hong Kong
In 2008 the Bledisloe Cup was contested over an unprecedented four matches, with three games each played in Australia and New Zealand, followed by a fourth (and potentially deciding) game in Hong Kong, in an effort to promote the game in Asia. This was the first time Australia and New Zealand had played in a third country outside the Rugby World Cup. The Hong Kong match drew a crowd of 39,000 to see the All Blacks defeat the Wallabies 19–14 (despite New Zealand having already won the Bledisloe Cup for 2008), generating a reported £5.5 million and proving to be a financial success for the two unions. A fourth match was again set in Hong Kong in 2010, but failed to attract sufficient ticket sales.
Japan
The capital Tokyo hosted a fourth Bledisloe Test match on 31 October 2009. Each team expected to clear at least A$3.8 million/NZ$5 million from the Tokyo match.
On 27 October 2018, Bledisloe Cup returned to Japan for the second time and was hosted in Yokohama with the purpose of promoting and preparing for 2019 Rugby World Cup. All Blacks beating Wallabies 37–20 in the third test to sweep the series. The attendance figures was around 46,000 which became the record for a rugby test match in Japan. The relatively poor ticket sales included about 10% arrived via giveaways because of clashing with the fixture between Japan and World XV a day before in Osaka and lack of competitiveness of Wallabies contributing to dead rubber match of the series.
United States
Before the first match in Hong Kong, the two countries' rugby federations were considering taking Cup matches to the United States and Japan in 2009 and 2010. However, the proposed match in the United States did not come to fruition.
Future proposals
Behind the push from World Rugby with their League of Nations concept, only one match result would count for League of Nations points but the new season schedule must be able to accommodate a second Test each year in the new format. The gate receipts from Bledisloe Cup match ups are critical to both Rugby Australia and New Zealand Rugby Union and both nations are firm in their belief that one home match is mandatory. The third Bledisloe, which has long been a cash cow for both nations, could cease to exist. Any cash lost from forfeiting that match would be compensated by A$18 million per year in League of Nations broadcast revenue.
Results
Matches
Match stats
As of 5 September 2021
Venues
In Australia
In New Zealand
Media coverage
In Australia, the Bledisloe Cup was televised between 1992 and 1995 by Network Ten. Since 1996, paid service Fox Sports has televised it jointly with (free to air) Seven Network between 1996 and 2010, Nine Network (2011–2012), Network Ten (2013–2020) and Nine Network in 2021.
See also
History of rugby union matches between Australia and New Zealand
Laurie O'Reilly Cup
Rugby union trophies and awards
Notes
References
History of rugby union matches between Australia and New Zealand
International rugby union competitions hosted by Australia
International rugby union competitions hosted by New Zealand
1931 establishments in Australia
1931 establishments in New Zealand
The Rugby Championship trophies
Recurring sporting events established in 1931
Staffan Widstrand born in 1959, is a Swedish photographer and author of 19 books in 9 languages.
Widstrand is a "National Geographic Explorer" and Sony Imaging Ambassador. Most of his work is about highlighting the sheer Joy of our natural heritage, and trying to inspire wide audiences to better protect and take care of it. He is one of the founders of and the first Swedish person to be selected for the International League of Conservation Photographers in 2005. He has initiated several long-term nature conservation communication and media projects (Wild Wonders of Europe, Wild Wonders of China, Rewilding Europe, the Swedish Ecotourism Association, Scandinavian Big Five project, Deforestationsweden.org).
Part owner of the nature photo travel agency "Wild Nature Photo Adventures".
A frequent judge in leading international photo competitions, including "World Press Photo", "Wildlife Photographer of the Year", "Golden Turtle" (Russia), "European Nature Photographer of the Year-GDT" (Germany), "Xishuangbanna Biennal" (China) and "Humanity Photo Awards" (China).
Staffan has been called one of the world's "Most influential nature photographers" by Outdoor Photography magazine. He is the managing director and co-owner of Wild Wonders International.
Bibliography
Safari till världens finaste viltområden 1993 (together with Magnus Elander)
Ajunngilaq 1997 ((together with Magnus Elander)
Arktis idag 1997 (together with Magnus Elander)
I Arktis 1999
Den lilla boken om vargen 2000 (together with Magnus Elander and Johan Lewenhaupt)
Rovdjur 2002 (together with Magnus Elander and Johan Lewenhaupt)
Den lilla boken om björnen 2002 (together with Magnus Elander and Johan Lewenhaupt)
Ourson Brun, 2004
Vilda Sverige 2007
Wild Sweden 2007
Wildes Schweden 2007
Vindar från Arktis 2008 (together with Magnus Elander)
Wild Wonders of Europe 2010, (together with Peter Cairns, Florian Möllers and Bridget Wijnberg)
Merveilleuse Nature 2010, (together with Peter Cairns, Florian Möllers and Bridget Wijnberg)
Wild Wonders of Europe Exhibition catalogue, 2010
Forets d'Europe, 2011
Europas Wilde Wasser, 2012
A la Découverte des Arbres, 2012
The Aurochs – Born to be wild 2013
Ett Vildare Liv 2017 (together with Magnus Lundgren)
Papua – Bland paradisfåglar och djävulsrockor 2021 (together with Magnus Lundgren)
Prizes and awards
Årets Pandabok 1994
Since 1996 11 winning images in Wildlife Photographer of the Year
Swedish Nature Photographer of the Year / Årets Naturfotograf i Sverige 2001
5 winning images in GDTs European Nature Photographer of the Year since 2003
WWF Sweden Panda Book of the Year / Årets Pandabok 2003
WWF Sweden Panda Book of the Year / Årets Pandabok 2009
WWF Sweden Panda Book of the Year / Årets Pandabok 2018
WWF Sweden Panda Book of the Year / Årets Pandabok 2022
References
External links
Staffan Widstrand
Living people
Nature photographers
1959 births
20th-century Swedish photographers
Swedish-language writers
21st-century Swedish male writers
20th-century Swedish male writers
21st-century Swedish photographers
Benjamin Knight was an industrialist.
Ben(jamin) Knight may also refer to:
Ben Knight (actor) (born 1975), Australian actor
Benjamin Knight (politician) (1836–1905), member of the California legislature
Ben Knight (footballer) (born 2002), English footballer
President Benjamin Knight (fictional), List of fictional United States Presidents
Invisible: The Chronicles of Benjamin Knight, film starring Alan Oppenheimer
The Hiss Residence (also known as the Umbrella House) is a mid-century modern home designed by architect, Paul Rudolph. Built as the show home for Sarasota's Lido Shores neighborhood in 1953, the structure blends international style modernism with indigenous tropical design. It is among the preeminent works of the Sarasota School of Architecture and considered “one of the most remarkable homes of the twentieth century.”
Site-specific modern design
Architect Paul Rudolph was approached by entrepreneur Philip Hanson Hiss III in 1952 to design a prototype home that would serve as a model for his Lido Shores real estate development, located on a small sand-covered spit of land between St. Armands Key and Longboat Key. Hiss was an enthusiastic supporter of mid-century modern architecture. He hoped that a radical new design might “catapult his Lido Shores development into the international spotlight.” Rudolph was launching his own independent architecture practice in Sarasota at the time and was willing to work on the project.
Rudolph was aware of Hiss' interest in site-specific architecture (designed to integrate into its environment) and set to work on a configuration that was at once geometrically modern and in harmony with its locale. The result was a two-story, open-plan box concept, with operable jalousie windows on all sides to facilitate natural ventilation. Over this box was built a large simple frame with a latticed ‘parasol' (flat umbrella roof) overlaying the house, the rear patio, and the pool. It served as a tropical pavilion, or pergola, creating patterns of shade over virtually the entire property. Rudolph designed this secondary roof to float slightly above the house roof in order to enable air movement and promote cooling.
The rectangular house was placed lengthwise on a north–south axis, while the pergola was overlaid lengthwise east–west. This positioning maximized interior light in living areas during the day. Despite its diminutive size (less than 1,500 square feet), the interior plan was a complex combination of transparent spaces and opaque walls, creating both privacy and spaciousness. The seventeen-foot high vaulted ceiling, with floor-to-ceiling glass (front and back of the house), framed exterior views of both Sarasota Bay and the Gulf of Mexico from the second-floor bridge and bedroom balconies.
Seeking purity in design
Rudolph had recently opened his own architecture practice after a five-year long partnership with Ralph Twitchell, and was beginning to define architecture on his own terms. This meant a departure from organic modernism in favor of more pristine and geometric design. William Rupp assisted Rudolph with a portion of the drafting of interiors for the Umbrella House. He recalled that Rudolph was obsessed with minimizing vertical supports for the stairs and balconies and hiding tension members and bracing connections on the pergola roof. The focus was on purity of design and not so much on practicality of construction.
Speculative success
Hiss located the speculative house on a curve on John Ringling Parkway, where it would be seen by both passers-by and the press. Within weeks of completion, several thousand people had visited the house, with more than twenty-five thousand touring it in the first year. The project was featured in House & Home, House & Garden, Sarasota Review, Architectural Review, Art and Architecture, and L'Architecture D'Aujourd'hul. It was unanimously hailed as a ground-breaking work of modern architecture. The house was also recognized as a significant technical advancement in forward-thinking passive solar engineering and urban design.
Fifty years later, the Umbrella House was recognized by Architectural Digest as one of the most remarkable homes of the twentieth century. The American Institute of Architects designated the Umbrella House as one of the 100 Most Important Buildings In Florida. In 2018, Rudolph's Umbrella House was included in the book, The Iconic House: American Masterworks Since 1900.
The Umbrella House represents one of the earliest and most influential works of the Sarasota School of Architecture movement, and helped pave the way for the development of Lido Shores and the surrounding islands as a hotbed of mid-century modern architecture, that now includes works by Tim Seibert, Gene Leedy, Victor Lundy, Carl Abbott, William Rupp, and Guy Peterson.
Saving the Umbrella House
In 1966, the pavilion roof was blown off the house by Hurricane Alma, and over the following thirty years, the home slowly fell into disrepair. In 2005, the building was partially-restored and auctioned as “a piece of art” with no takers. It was eventually sold to private conservators who professionally restored the house to its original 1953 condition, including most of the pergola roof. The conservation effort received several awards, including the AIA Honor Award of Excellence for Historic Preservation (2016) and Florida Trust for Historic Preservation Outstanding Achievement Award (2016).
In 2005, inspired by the Paul Rudolph Umbrella House, architect Lawrence Scarpa designed and built his own "Solar Umbrella House". It was recognized by the American Institute of Architects as one of their "Top Ten Green Projects" in 2006.
In 2018, the State of Florida Bureau of Historic Preservation nominated the Umbrella House to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places; the listing was approved in 2019. It has been designated as a historic landmark by the City of Sarasota.
The Umbrella House was highlighted as one of fifteen important Paul Rudolph designs to be exhibited as part of the Paul Rudolph At 100 celebration sponsored by the U.S. Library of Congress (September 18 - November 8, 2018).
Architecture Sarasota maintains and supports the Umbrella House through lectures, tours, and other activities, with the goal of preserving it as a landmark work of the Sarasota School of Architecture.
Bibliography
References
External links
Architecture Sarasota website
Sarasota School of Architecture (Video)
The Paul Rudolph Foundation
Umbrella House Pergola Restoration - Time Lapse Video (YouTube)
Houses in Sarasota County, Florida
Paul Rudolph buildings
Houses completed in 1953
1953 establishments in Florida
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Florida
National Register of Historic Places in Sarasota County, Florida
Pulie Badze Wildlife Sanctuary is located in Kohima District of Nagaland. It was first designated as a protected area in 1980. The park is named after the mountain Pulie Badze, which means "Pulie's Seat", named after the legendary folktale character "Pulie".
The park is home to a vast variety of birds like Tragopan Blythii, White-naped Yuhina and Dark-rumped swift. The park has various tourist amenities such as campgrounds, walking paths, etc.
References
Protected areas of Nagaland
Geography of Nagaland
Kohima district
Wildlife sanctuaries in Nagaland
1980 establishments in Nagaland
Osterland (terra orientalis) is a historical region in Germany. It was situated between the Elbe and Saale rivers to the north of Pleissnerland which it later absorbed and it included the city of Leipzig. The name derives from the previous name of the territory, Ostmark, meaning "eastern march."
Today, the area belongs to the German states of Thuringia and Saxony.
See also
List of regions of Saxony
External links
Map of the Wettinc Lands with Osterland
Historical regions in Germany
Geography of Saxony
Regions of Thuringia
History of the Holy Roman Empire by location
Jeannot Reiter (born 14 October 1958) is a retired football striker.
During his club career, Reiter played for FC Etzella Ettelbruck, FC Chalon, Guingamp, FC Montceau Bourgogne and Spora Luxembourg. He also amassed 46 caps for the Luxembourg national team, scoring 6 goals.
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Luxembourgian footballers
Luxembourgian expatriate footballers
Luxembourg international footballers
Association football forwards
En Avant Guingamp players
FC Etzella Ettelbruck players
FC Chalon players
FC Montceau Bourgogne players
CA Spora Luxembourg players
Expatriate footballers in France
Luxembourgian expatriate sportspeople in France
Ligue 2 players
F91 Dudelange managers
FC Progrès Niederkorn managers
Union Luxembourg managers
FC Swift Hesperange managers
FC Avenir Beggen managers
FC Etzella Ettelbruck managers
US Mondorf-les-Bains managers
Tipperary Racecourse is a horse racing venue in County Tipperary, Ireland which stages both National Hunt and Flat racing. The course is located adjacent to Limerick Junction railway station and approximately two miles from Tipperary town. Tipperary Racecourse is owned by Horse Racing Ireland. The course is left-handed and flat and measures one mile and two furlongs round. There is a five furlong sprint track which joins the main racecourse at the start of the straight.
History
The first recorded racemeeting at Tipperary Races at Barronstown Course was on 27 March 1848 but at the current Limerick Junction racetrack it was September 1916 when the meeting was attended by trainers Senator J.J. Parkinson, Stephen Grehan and Charles Moore. It remained Limerick Junction until the name was changed to Tipperary in 1986.
Notable races
References
External links
Official website
Horse racing venues in the Republic of Ireland
Sports venues in County Tipperary
Sports venues completed in 1916
1916 establishments in Ireland
Tipperary (town)
Martin Philip Caton (born 15 June 1951) is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Gower from 1997 to 2015.
Early life and career
Caton was born in Bishop's Stortford and educated at the Newport Free Grammar School near Saffron Walden, the Norfolk School of Agriculture, and the Aberystwyth College of Further Education. From 1974 he worked for 10 years as a research officer with the Welsh Plant Breeding Station at Aberystwyth before becoming a researcher for the member of the European Parliament David Morris. He was elected as a councillor of the Mumbles Community Council (1986–90) and to the Swansea City Council from 1988 until his election in 1997 to parliament.
Political career
He won the safe Labour seat of Gower at the 1997 general election on the retirement of Gareth Wardell. He was elected with a majority of 13,007 and made his maiden speech on 4 June 1997, in which he defended the cockle industry in his constituency.
Caton participated in the rebellion of Labour MPs voting against the government decision to invade Iraq in 2003, and was one of the 88 Labour MPs to vote against replacing the Trident Nuclear Missile System, Caton having been a member of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament for years. Within Parliament, he has spent a long time on the Welsh Affairs Select committee and sits with the Socialist Campaign Group of Labour MPs. Martin Caton retired from Parliament at the 2015 General Election.
Personal life
He married Bethan Evans in 1996 and they have two daughters.
References
External links
Martin Caton MP official site
Martin Caton MP Welsh Labour Party profile
Welsh Labour Party MPs
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
UK MPs 2010–2015
Councillors in Wales
1951 births
Living people
Politics of Swansea
People from Bishop's Stortford
People educated at Newport Free Grammar School
Broken Hill, an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales has had two incarnations, from 1894 to 1913 and from 1968 to 1999.
Election results
Elections in the 1990s
1995
1991
Elections in the 1980s
1988
1984
1981
Elections in the 1970s
1978
1976
1973
1971
Elections in the 1960s
1968
1913 - 1968
Elections in the 1900s
1907
1904
1901
Elections in the 1890s
1898
1895
1894
References
New South Wales state electoral results by district
Ushakovsky Bridge ( "Ushakov's Bridge") (previously known as Stroganovsky Bridge ( "Stroganov's Bridge")) is a bridge spanning the Bolshaya Nevka River in Saint Petersburg, Russia named for Admiral Fyodor Ushakov. Originally built in 1786 as a floating pontoon bridge, the bridge was rebuilt between 1847 and 1853 as a multi-span wooden bridge. The bridge was refitted in 1906, 1911, and 1935. The current version of the bridge was constructed between 1953 and 1955. The bridge currently contains 11 spans with the central span being a double-leaf rolling lift. The other spans are bridged over with continuous beams. The bridge's footing is faced with granite. The bridge is long with approaches and wide.
See also
List of bridges in Saint Petersburg
References
Bridges in Saint Petersburg
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Saint Petersburg
Bridges completed in 1955
Jidali fort was a cross-shaped fort of the Dervish era located in the town of Jidali in Sanaag, Somaliland and is also the first place in Africa to be bombed via aerial bombardment by a tally of four sorties of De Havilland DH-9's on 21 January 1920. An April 1920 letter between the Sayid and Italian-Somali governor Giacomo De Martino states that the Dervishes built a total of twenty-seven forts which are described as Dhulbahante garesas.
According to Lieutenant-Colonel H. Moyse-Bartlett, the Jidali fort was primary means used to conduct Darawiish raids against the possessions of Italian Somaliland and British Somaliland:
Mouse-Bartlett also stated that the Jidali fort was a central or nucleus fort which itself was surrounded by five satellite forts:
Dervish description
The description by Muhammad Abdullah Hassan, emir of Diiriye Guure, on these forts after the fall of Taleh in February 1920, in an April 1920 letter transcribed from the original Arabic script into Italian by the incumbent Governatori della Somalia, the various Darawiish-built installations are described as garesas taken from the Dhulbahante by the British:
Although the endonymic term for Darawiish built installations are Dhulbahante garesas, colonial sources refer to Dhulbahante garesas as Dervish forts.
Significance
According to Dervish veteran Aw Cabdulle Ibraahiim, the headquarters of the Dervish was shortly changed from Taleh to Jidali in the year 1919:
Colonial sources also acknowledge that the fort at Jidali was the second most significant Darawiish fort besides the Taleh fort, with Douglas Jardine describing Jidali fort as oen of two main Darawiis positions:
Yusuf Agararan
The most significant raid carried out by the garrison at Jidali was the raid led by Yusuf Agararan in 1917. The term Agararan in the Somali language literally means "feetless"; Agararan was the most senior Darawiish commander in the Jidali area.
Douglas Jardine, a colonial administrator in the area, described the raid by Yusuf Agararan which stemmed from Jidali in the following way:
First operation since WW1
The assault on the Jidali fort and its five satellite forts was the first British combined air, ground and sea assault on a target in Africa:
There were six bombers sent for sorties, an event Roy Irons described as "Four of the aircraft failed to find Medishe, but bombed the fort at Jid Ali and attacked livestock in the surrounding country." Taleh had the highest number of sorties aimed towards it with the entire fleet of air sent to air-bomb it, whilst Jidali accumulated the second highest tally of sorties bombing it at four. The air-bombing campaign lasted a month and the squadron bases from where the Jidali bombings were launched was Eil Dur Elan, whilst the bases from where the Taleh airstrikes were launched was Ceel-Afweyn, both in western Sanaag.
Afqarshe Ismail
According to native Darawiish accounts, the first airstrike in Africa was struck at a field between Medishe and Jidali wherein men gathered to watch the display of aerobatics. The reports claim that Afqarshe Ismail, the former spokesperson for Darawiish, was the first person to be killed in an airstrike in Africa:
Satellite forts
Although Jidali was the main Dhulbahante garesa in the north, the Jidali fortification had five satellite forts which surrounded Jidali; these included, Baran, Medishe, the Surud Hills, Ershida, and Galbaribur. Examples of satellite Dhulbahante garesa's of Jidali include the following:
Aftermath
In his poem diidda ama yeella'', Aadan Carab, a Somali poet mentions on the incident stating "markaan dumiyey calankaan dejiyo dawladnimadayda, waa waxay dadku u leeyihiin dabo-xiddhki meeyey?" Writer Idaaja interprets this message as stating that the aerial bombardment campaign was emblematic of a Dhulbahante genocide orchestrated by the European colonialists:
A 1931 diary-book by former Italian Somalia governor Francesco Caroselli says that in a letter exchanged in April 1920 between the Sayid and Italian-Somali governor Giacomo De Martino, the Sayid describes the Dervish forts as Dervish forts.
Gallery
References
Archaeological sites in Somalia
Middle Gujarati (AD 1500–1800), split off from Rajasthani, and developed the phonemes ɛ and ɔ, the auxiliary stem ch-, and the possessive marker -n-. Major phonological changes characteristic of the transition between Old and Middle Gujarati are:
i, u develop to ə in open syllables
diphthongs əi, əu change to ɛ and ɔ in initial syllables and to e and o elsewhere
əũ develops to ɔ̃ in initial syllables and to ű in final syllables
These developments would have grammatical consequences. For example, Old Gujarati's instrumental-locative singular in -i was leveled and eliminated, having become the same as Old Gujarati's nominative/accusative singular in -ə.
References
Gujarati language
Cultural history of Gujarat
Indo-Aryan languages
Languages attested from the 15th century
The Greene Correctional Facility is a state prison for men located in Coxsackie, Greene County, New York, owned and operated by the New York State Department of Corrections and Community Supervision.
The facility opened in 1989 and holds 1582 inmates at medium security, which includes 171 held in a maximum security unit. Greene is adjacent to the state's Coxsackie Correctional Facility, originally built in 1935. Violent felony offenders housed at this jail are responsible for the death of numerous other inmates while in custody at this facility. The inmates at this facility are also responsible for numerous assaults on staff.
References
Prisons in New York (state)
Buildings and structures in Greene County, New York
1984 establishments in New York (state)
The Za Dynasty or Zuwa Dynasty were rulers of a medieval kingdom based in the towns of Kukiya and Gao on the Niger River in what is today modern Mali. The Songhai people at large all descended from this kingdom. The most notable of them being the Zarma people of Niger who derive their name "Zarma (Za Hama)" from this Dynasty, which means "the descendants of Za".
Oral history and the Tarikh al-Sudan
Al-Sadi's seventeenth century chronicle, the Tarikh al-Sudan, provides an early history of the Songhay as handed down by oral tradition. The chronicle reports that the legendary founder of the dynasty, Za Alayaman (also called Dialliaman), originally came from the Yemen and settled in the town of Kukiya. The town is believed to have been near the modern village of Bentiya on the eastern bank of the Niger River, north of the Fafa rapids, 134 km south east of Gao. Tombstones with Arabic inscriptions dating from the 14th and 15th centuries have been found in the area. Kukiya is also mentioned in the other important chronicle, the Tarikh al-fattash. The Tarikh al-Sudan relates that the 15th ruler, Za Kusoy, converted to Islam in the year 1009-1010 A.D. At some stage the kingdom or at least its political focus moved north to Gao. The kingdom of Gao capitalized on the growing trans-Saharan trade and grew into a small regional power before being conquered by the Mali Empire in the early 13th century.
Rulers of the Za dynasty as given in the Tarikh al-Sudan
These names with their diacritics are as given in the translation by John Hunwick. The surviving Arabic manuscripts differ both in the spelling and the vocalization of the names.
Alayaman
Zakoi
Takoi
Ikoi
Kū
ʿAlī Fay
Biya Kumay
Bī/Bay
Karay
Yama Karaway
Yuma Dunku
Yuma Kībuʿu
Kūkura
Kinkin
Kusoy
Kusur Dāri
Hin Kun Wunka Dum
Biyay Koi Kīma
Koy Kīmi
Nuntā Sanay
Biyay Kayna Kinba
Kayna Shinyunbu
Tib
Yama Dao
Fadazaw
ʿAlī Kur
Bēr Falaku
Yāsiboy
Dūru
Zunku Bāru
Bisi Bāru
Badā
See also
Mali Empire
Songhai Empire
Sonni Dynasty
Notes
References
Link is to a scan on Gallica that omits some photographs of the epigraphs.
Further reading
Also available from Aluka but requires subscription.
Songhai Empire
Hartsdale Pet Cemetery, also known as Hartsdale Canine Cemetery, is a historic pet cemetery located at Hartsdale, Westchester County, New York. It was established in 1896, and contains over 70,000 interments, with 14,000 interment lots and 7,000 memorials. Contributing resources include the groundskeeper's cottage, a house, a public memorial to the dogs of war, a mausoleum, and manmade and natural topographical attributes. It is America's largest and oldest pet cemetery.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
History
In 1896, Dr. Samuel Johnson, a veterinarian in New York City, offered his apple orchard in Hartsdale as the gravesite for a grieving client, whose dog had died, as animal burials were not permitted in the city. After recounting the story to a friend who was a journalist over lunch, a news article was published in 1898 and later was picked up by The New York Times on September 3, 1905. In the wake of the ensuing publicity, Dr. Johnson received hundreds of requests for pet burials and set aside more of his land until the Hartsdale Canine Cemetery was incorporated on May 14, 1914.
The War Dog Memorial was erected in 1923, featuring a bronze statue of a German Shepherd dog, wearing a blanket with a Red Cross Insignia. It commemorates "man's most faithful friend for the valiant services rendered in the World War, 1914–1918" and a ceremony is held annually in June to honor service dogs.
Notable interments
Ming of Harlem
Gallery
References
External links
Official websites
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Westchester County, New York
1896 establishments in New York (state)
Cemeteries in Westchester County, New York
Animal cemeteries
James Joyce (July 2, 1870 – March 25, 1931) was an American attorney, educator, and politician who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio's 15th congressional district for one term from 1909 to 1911.
Early life and education
Born in Cumberland, Ohio, Joyce attended public schools. He taught school in Cumberland and Pleasant City, Ohio, and also studied law.
He entered the Cincinnati Law School in 1891 and was graduated in 1892.
He was admitted to the bar at Columbus, Ohio, on March 3, 1892.
Career
He served as the superintendent of the Senecaville (Ohio) High School 1893–1895. He began the active practice of law in Cambridge, Ohio, in 1895.
He served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives 1896–1900. Hee served as delegate to the 1904 Republican National Convention.
Joyce was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-first Congress (March 4, 1909 – March 3, 1911).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1910 to the Sixty-second Congress.
He resumed the practice of law in Cambridge, Ohio.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for election as associate justice of the Ohio Supreme Court in 1916.
Death
Joyce died in Cambridge, Ohio, March 25, 1931.
He was interred in the mausoleum in Northwood Cemetery.
Sources
1870 births
1931 deaths
People from Cambridge, Ohio
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Jas Imam Pesna is the debut album by Macedonian pop musician, Karolina. The album was released in Macedonia and Serbia & Montenegro.
Track listings
"Sakaj Me"
"Bez Ogled Na Se"
"Milenium So Tebe"
"Tajna"
"Zasekogaš"
"Za Nas"
"Jas Imam Pesna"
"Srcevo Ne Ќe Izdrži"
"Nemir" (featuring Toše Proeski)
Release history
Chart positions
Awards
Golden Lady Bug
The Best Female Singer Of The Year
Album Of The Year
Music Video Of The Year for "Bez Ogled Na Se"
Karolina Gočeva albums
2000 albums
Neophisis is a genus of Asian bush crickets belonging to the tribe Phisidini: in the subfamily Meconematinae.
Species
The Orthoptera Species File lists:
subgenus Anaphisis Gorochov, 2019
Distribution: New Guinea
Neophisis halmahera Gorochov, 2012
Neophisis supiori Gorochov, 2004
subgenus Indophisis Jin, 1990
Distribution: Indochina, Malesia, Philippines, Taiwan, Japan
Neophisis brevipennis (Kästner, 1933)
Neophisis curvata Jin, 1992
Neophisis gracilipennis Jin, 1992
Neophisis gracilipes (Stål, 1877)
Neophisis iriomotensis Jin, Kevan & Yamasaki, 1990
Neophisis kotoshoensis (Shiraki, 1930)
Neophisis longipennis Jin, 1992
Neophisis meiopennis Jin, 1992
Neophisis mentawaiensis Jin, 1992
Neophisis montealegrei Tan, Jin, Baroga-Barbecho & Yap, 2020
Neophisis philippinarum (Karny, 1920)
Neophisis philorites Jin, 1992
Neophisis sarasini (Karny, 1931)
Neophisis tangkoko Gorochov, 2012
subgenus Megaphisis Kevan, 1992
Distribution: Pacific Islands
Neophisis echinata (Redtenbacher, 1891)
Neophisis salomonensis Jin, 1992
subgenus Neophisis Jin, 1990
Distribution: Australia, New Guinea, Malesia (including the Philippines)
Neophisis arachnoides (Bolívar, 1905) - type species (as Teuthras arachnoides Bolívar)
Neophisis brachyptera Kevan, 1992
Neophisis buloloensis Jin, 1992
Neophisis crassipes (Bolívar, 1905)
Neophisis curvicaudata Jin, 1992
Neophisis ecmurra Rentz, 2001
Neophisis leptoptera Jin, 1992
Neophisis longicercata Jin, 1992
Neophisis longifenestrata Jin, 1992
Neophisis longiplata Jin, 1992
Neophisis longistylata Jin, 1992
Neophisis megaurita Jin, 1992
Neophisis novemspinata Jin, 1992
Neophisis obiensis (Hebard, 1922)
Neophisis phymacercata Jin, 1992
Neophisis pogonopoda (Montrouzier, 1855)
Neophisis robusta Jin, 1992
subgenus Platyphisis Gorochov, 2019
Distribution: Thailand through to Borneo
Neophisis arcuata Jin, 1992
Neophisis haani Jin, 1992
Neophisis malaysiana Gorochov, 2019
Neophisis sabah Gorochov, 2012
Neophisis siamensis Jin, 1992
References
External links
Tettigoniidae genera
Meconematinae
Orthoptera of Indo-China
Orthoptera of Asia
Internet slang
Prayer is the active effort to communicate with a higher being, deity, or spirit.
Prayer or Prayers may also refer to:
Religion
Absentee funeral prayer, a kind of funeral prayer in Islam
Eid prayers, special prayers offered to celebrate the two Islamic festivals
Friday prayer, a prayer that Muslims hold every Friday
Nafl prayer, a type of optional Muslim prayer
Rain prayer, a prayer to request rain from God in Islam
Sunnah prayer, an optional or supererogatory prayer in Islam
Music
Prayer
Prayer (album), 2014 album by Robin Schulz
"Prayer in C", a song by Lilly Wood and the Prick remixed by Schulz and included on this album
"Prayer", a song in the musical The Scarlet Pimpernel
"Prayer", a 1997 song by Sevendust from Sevendust
"Prayer", a 1999 song by Secret Garden from Dawn of a New Century
"Prayer", a 2000 song by Neurosis from Sovereign
"Prayer", a 2002 song by Celine Dion from A New Day Has Come
"Prayer", a 2004 song by Nami Tamaki from Greeting
"Prayer" (Disturbed song), a 2002 song by Disturbed
"Prayer", a 1934 song written by Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart for the movie Hollywood Party (1934 film)
Prayers
"Prayers" (In This Moment song)
"Prayers", a 2018 song by Good Charlotte from Generation Rx
Prayers (duo), American electronic rock duo
A Prayer
"A Prayer", a song by Kings Kaleidoscope from their album 2016 album Beyond Control
The Prayer
"The Prayer" (Celine Dion and Andrea Bocelli song), 1998
"The Prayer" (Bloc Party song), 2007
"The Prayer", a 2008 song by Kid Cudi from A Kid Named Cudi
"The Prayer", a 2017 song by Lala Hsu from The Inner Me
Other uses
"Prayer", a poem by Patti Smith in the book kodak
Prayer (legal term), an official description of a plaintiff's demands
"Prayer" (Farscape episode)
The Prayer (film), a 2018 film
The Prayer (sculpture), a 1909 bronze by Auguste Rodin
See also
Pray
Praying (disambiguation)
A wall decal, also known as a wall sticker, wall tattoo, or wall vinyl, is a vinyl sticker that is affixed to a wall or other smooth surface for decoration and informational purposes. Wall decals are cut with vinyl cutting machines. Most decals use only one color, but some may have various images printed upon them.
Types and sizes
Decals can range from simple small wall borders and cut outs to more complex murals covering entire walls. They may feature words, pictures and designs. Vinyl wall decals come in various shapes and sizes. They can be as small or as large as necessary. Regular wall decals are usually between 30 cm x 50 cm and 60 cm x 100 cm. Larger decals may be 100 cm x 100 cm or larger.
Most vinyl decals are not reusable, although some reusable vinyl types are available. They use a different adhesive on the rear which means that they can be re-positioned a couple of times before the adhesive wears out. Vinyl stickers at a large size can be very difficult to apply as they can tear, stretch and stick back on themselves. Traditional decals are made from pvc plastic and cut from a single colour using a vinyl cutter or laser cutter. It is possible to print a full colour image onto vinyl and then contour cut around it. Block cut vinyls come in many different finishes from glitter, to metallic, to mirror effect. They can also be supplied as blackboard or whiteboard finish and cut to shape to create a wall decal.
A range of non-PVC fabric wall decals sold as "FabriStick" is made from a finely woven fabric with 3M type adhesive on the rear. It can be printed to full colour and still profile cut to create intricate designs. It does not stretch, tear or peel back on itself and is re-positionable and re-usable in a way that vinyl stickers are not.
Uses
Vinyl decals have various uses. Vinyl decals were originally only used for sign making, but they have recently been added to interior decorators portfolios and have also become well known as a Do-It-Yourself home decorating option. The fabric wall stickers are particularly popular with people in rental properties as they allow personal creativity in home decoration without any damage to the walls. Even better, the wall decorations can be put back onto the supplied backing sheets and taken to the next property.
Decals can be used on Windows, walls or tiles as branding, advertising, or decoration. They may also serve as a tool to inform people that there is a glass door or window.
See also
Wall paper
Decals
Stickers
Vinyl sign cutter
Accent wall
References
External links
Wallcoverings
Printmaking
Printing
Visual arts media
Stickers
A green annual report is an annual report on a company's financial status that is printed using production processes that save energy, trees, water, and also reduce waste and greenhouse gases. According to a 2005 survey that studied trends in annual reporting, the average number of pages in an annual report was 65, and the number of copies produced averaged between more than 5,000 to less than 50,000.
Green annual reports are frequently printed using eco-friendly soy inks. In comparison with traditional petroleum-based ink, soy inks are environmentally friendlier, are available in brighter colors, and make it easier to recycle paper. Petroleum-based inks contain 30-35% Volatile organic compounds (VOCs), while soybean oil-based inks typically range from only 0-5% VOCs. New processes also had to be developed to make the de-inking and recycling of paper easier, and soy-based inks perform better in conjunction with modern de-inking procedures. Green annual reports are also frequently printed on FSC (Forest Stewardship Council) Certified Printers. The FSC is an independent, non-governmental, not-for-profit organization established to promote the responsible management of the world's forests. On February 17, 2009, the WWF (World Wildlife Fund) announced that they were reaffirming the FSC as still the best environmentally responsible certification scheme for business.
An eco audit statement is placed in the final document that estimates the number of trees preserved, pounds of water-borne waste that was not created, number of gallons of waste-water flow saved, pounds of solid waste not generated, net pounds of greenhouse gases prevented and the amount of energy in a million BTUs not consumed. An eco audit is "a management tool comprising a systematic, documented, periodic, and objective evaluation of how well environmental organization, management and equipment are performing with the aim of contributing to safeguarding the environment by: facilitating management control of environmental practices and assessing compliance with company policies, which would include meeting regulatory requirements."
References
Environmentalism
The tropical parula (Setophaga pitiayumi) is a small New World warbler. It breeds from southernmost Texas and northwest Mexico (Sonora) south through Central America to northern Argentina, including Trinidad and Tobago. This widespread and common species is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
This passerine is not migratory, but northern birds may make local movements. For example, although it does not breed in much of Pacific Central America, it is a regular vagrant to countries like El Salvador.
Description
It is 4.3 in (11 cm) long and has mainly blue-grey upperparts, with a greenish back patch and two white wingbars. The underparts are yellow, becoming orange on the breast. The male has a black patch from the bill to behind the eye.
Females are slightly duller than the males and lacks black on the head. The immature tropical parula is dull-plumaged, lacks the wing bars, and has a grey band on the breast.
The song is a high buzzy trill, and the call is a sharp tsit.
The tropical parula has about 14 subspecies, with a wide range of plumage tones. S. p. graysoni, is endemic to Socorro in the Revillagigedo Islands. Some subspecies (especially insular ones) are occasionally considered separate species.
Setophaga pitiayumi has occasionally been lumped with the closely related northern parula (S. americana) as a single species. Hybrids are routinely found in the Rio Grande Valley of southern Texas, though this may be a recent phenomenon. Most tropical parulas can be distinguished from the northern parula by their lack of white eye crescents, but this may be ambiguous in hybrids. One should also look for the distribution and extent of non-yellow coloration on the breast, and the extent of yellow below the cheek and on the belly.
In addition, a partially leucistic tropical parula female was seen in 2005, at Reserva Buenaventura in El Oro Province, Ecuador. With several small white areas on the forehead and around the eyes, this bird appeared much like a hybrid, but such birds would only occur as far south as Panama (if they would migrate like the northern parula).
Ecology
The tropical parula is a species mainly of hill and premontane forests, and does not occur in the Amazon basin. It seems to prefer moderately disturbed and secondary forest and seems to cope well with habitat fragmentation. On the eastern slope of the Andes for example it is regularly found at about 3,300–4,300 ft (1,000–1,300 m). There its habitat is a patchy mix containing primary forest (e.g. high Iriartea deltoidea palm woods), wet premontane secondary forest dominated e.g. by Elaeagia (Rubiaceae) and with abundant epiphytes and hemiepiphytes such as Clusiaceae, former clearings overgrown with shrubs, and fresh forest edges.
S. p. graysoni mostly keeps to low woody vegetation, typically Croton masonii shrubs, a few feet (some 1–1.5 meters) above ground; they are more terrestrial than other subspecies of the tropical parula and often can be seen hopping on the ground – though probably less so where feral cats are abundant.
These birds feed on insects, spiders and occasionally berries. They may be seen to attend mixed-species feeding flocks, in some locations (e.g. in the Serra de Paranapiacaba) commonly, but often just coincidentally.
The tropical parula nests in clumps of epiphytes (especially Spanish moss, Tillandsia usneoides) in a tree, laying usually two eggs in a scantily lined domed nest. Incubation is 12–14 days, mainly by the female. On Socorro Island, the breeding season is probably in the summer months, and by November, the young appear to have fledged.
References
Further reading
Curson, Jon; Quinn, David & Beadle David (1994): New World Warblers. Christopher Helm, London.
ffrench, Richard; O'Neill, John Patton & Eckelberry, Don R. (1991): A guide to the birds of Trinidad and Tobago (2nd edition). Comstock Publishing, Ithaca, N.Y.
Hilty, Steven L. (2003): Birds of Venezuela. Christopher Helm, London.
External links
Parula pitiayumi: Vocalizations from "Avifauna of the Interior of Ceará, Brasil"
tropical parula
Birds of the Rio Grande valleys
Birds of Central America
Birds of South America
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
tropical parula
tropical parula
Lunia may refer to:
Lunia: Record of Lunia War, a 2008 video game
Lunia (Dungeons & Dragons), the first layer of Mount Celestia in Dungeons & Dragons
Dui Purush (English: Two Generations) is a 1945 Bengali language epic family drama film directed by Subodh Mitra. Produced by New Theatres and adapted from Tarashankar Bandyopadhyay's novel and popular stage play, with a screenplay by Binoy Chatterjee. The editing was done by Mitra, who was popularly known as Kachi Babu, and cited as one of the best editors in the film industry. The music director was Pankaj Mullick with lyrics by Sailen Roy. The cinematographers were Sudhin Majumdar and Yusuf Mulji. The cast included Chhabi Biswas, Chandrabati Devi, Sunanda Banerjee, Ahindra Choudhury, Tulsi Chakraborty, Jahar Ganguly, and Naresh Mitra.
The film won the National Film Award for Best Film. The film also won awards for Best Music for Pankaj Mullick, and Best Actress Award for Chandravati at the Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Actress Award. It won five more awards at the 9th Annual BFJA Awards.
Dui Purush involves three generations, and has the traditional theme of a poor social worker pitted against a rich Zamindar (Landowner).
Plot
Nutubehari, called Nutu, is a poor but educated social worker who sticks to his life's ideals and fights against the wealthy Zamindar for people's rights. He falls in love with Kalyani, a barrister's daughter. An enraged Zamindar has Nutu put in jail. When he gets out of jail, he finds Kalyani has been married off to someone else. Nutu marries Bimla, and starts a school in the village. He and Bimla have a son called Arun. Kalyani's husband dies and her in-laws throw her out of the house along with her infant daughter. She comes back to the village and takes shelter with Nutubehari who lets her run the school.
Years pass and Nutubehari has a court case against the Zamindar when he fights for one of the villagers. He has become a lawyer by now, joined politics, and amassed great wealth. He has also let go of his ideals. His son, Arun, is dismayed at the changes in his father. Arun also rebels against his arranged marriage as he now loves Kalyani's daughter Mamta (Latika). Finally, Nutu sees the error of his ways and reconciles with his former self.
Cast
Chhabi Biswas as Nutubehari
Chandravati as Bimla
Sunanda Banerjee as Kalyani
Ahindra Choudhury as the Zamindar
Jahar Ganguly as Sushobhan
Latika Bandyopadhyay as Mamta, Kalyani's daughter
Naresh Mitra as Gopi Mitra
Tulsi Chakraborty as Mahabharat
Sailen Choudhury
Naresh Bose
Puru Mullik
Rekha Mullik
Review
The review by Baburao Patel in Filmindia praised Chhabi Biswas as Nutubehari. Biswas had originally played the same role for the stage version. Chandravati as Bimla "competes successfully" with Biswas and her acting was commended for restraint. Ahindra Choudhary was stated to be "disappointing". The screenplay came in for harsh criticism, being called "utterly clumsy". The fact that an important character in the play, Sushobhan, played by Jawahar Ganguly on screen, was turned into a "frivolous" character, and the tragic death of Nutbehari avoided and the character allowed to live in the film also came in for censure.
Remake
The film was remade in 1978 with the same title, Dui Purush, and was directed by Sushil Mukherjee. It starred Uttam Kumar as Nutbihari, Supriya Choudhury as Bimla, and Lily Chakraborty as Kalyani.
Awards
National Film Award for Best Film.
Dui Purush won the following awards at the 9th Annual BFJA Awards:
Best Indian Films
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Actress Award: Chandravati
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Art Director: Soren Sen
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Music Director Award: Pankaj Mullick
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Lyricist Award: Sailen Roy
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Cinematographer Award: Sudhin Majumdar
Best Audiographer: Loken Bose
Soundtrack
The music was appreciated by the public and won awards for both the composer Pankaj Mullick, and lyricist Sailen Roy.
Song list
References
External links
1945 films
Bengali-language Indian films
1940s Bengali-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Films based on works by Tarasankar Bandyopadhyay
Hemithea tritonaria is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in eastern Asia, including Japan, Thailand and the Korean Peninsula.
The wingspan is 25–28 mm.
External links
Japanese Moths
Hemitheini
Moths of Japan
Moths described in 1863
Josef Aloys Frölich or Alois von Frölich (10 March 1766, Marktoberdorf – 11 March 1841) was a German doctor, botanist and entomologist. He is not to be confused with Franz Anton Gottfried Frölich (1805–1878), his son, also an entomologist but specialising in Lepidoptera.
In the field of botany he described many species within the genus Hieracium. The genus Froelichia (family Amaranthaceae) is named in his honor.
Works
De Gentiana libellus sistens specierum cognitarum descriptiones cum observationibus. Accedit tabula aenea Erlangen: Walther, 1796 [Titel auch: De Gentiana, Erlangen: Kunstmann; De gentiana dissertatio; Dissertatio inauguralis de Gentiana], zugleich: Erlangen, Med. Diss., January 1796
Beschreibungen einiger neuer Eingeweidewürmer, in: Der Naturforscher, 24, S. 101-162, Halle, 1789
Bemerkungen über einige seltene Käfer aus der Insektensammlung des Herrn Hofr. und Prof. Rudolph in Erlangen, in: Der Naturforscher, 26, S. 68-165, Halle, 1792.
See also
:Category:Taxa named by Josef Aloys Frölich
References
H. Wolf: Josef Aloys Frölich (1766-1841) und die Flora von Ostwürttemberg, in: Restaurierung und Katalogisierung des Herbariums Leiner in Konstanz (Berichte der Botanischen Arbeitsgemeinschaft Südwestdeutschland, Beiheft 1), S. 81-148, Karlsruhe, 2004. ISSN 1617-5506
W. Lippert: Josef Aloys Frölich und die Flora des Allgäus, in: Restaurierung und Katalogisierung des Herbariums Leiner in Konstanz (Berichte der Botanischen Arbeitsgemeinschaft Südwestdeutschland, Beiheft 1), S. 149-159, Karlsruhe, 2004. ISSN 1617-5506
Karl Otto Müller: Alois Frölich: Arzt und Naturforscher 1766 - 1841, in: Schwäbische Lebensbilder, Bd. 1, S. 203-207, Stuttgart: Kohlhammer, 1940
Neue Deutsche Biographie, Bd. 4, S. 360 und Bd. 5, S. 77
German page well illustrated
External links
Einträge im International Plant Name Index für Alois Frölich
German language page Well illustrated.
German entomologists
1766 births
1841 deaths
19th-century German botanists
People from Ostallgäu
18th-century German botanists
Pleaching or plashing is a technique of interweaving living and dead branches through a hedge creating a fence, hedge or lattices. Trees are planted in lines, and the branches are woven together to strengthen and fill any weak spots until the hedge thickens. Branches in close contact may grow together, due to a natural phenomenon called inosculation, a natural graft. Pleach also means weaving of thin, whippy stems of trees to form a basketry effect.
History
Pleaching or plashing (an early synonym) was common in gardens from late medieval times to the early eighteenth century, to create shaded paths, or to create a living fence out of trees or shrubs. Commonly deciduous trees were used by planting them in lines. The canopy was pruned into flat planes with the lower branches removed leaving the stems below clear. This craft had been developed by European farmers who used it to make their hedge rows more secure. Julius Caesar (circa 60 B.C.) states that the Gallic tribe of Nervii used plashing to create defensive barriers against cavalry.
In hedge laying, this technique can be used to improve or renew a quickset hedge to form a thick, impenetrable barrier suitable for enclosing animals. It keeps the lower parts of a hedge thick and dense, and was traditionally done every few years.
The stems of hedging plants are slashed through to the centre or more, then bent over and interwoven. The plants rapidly regrow, forming a dense barrier along its entire length.
In garden design, the same technique has produced elaborate structures, neatly shaded walks and allées. This was not much seen in the American colonies, where a labor-intensive aesthetic has not been a feature of gardening: "Because of the time needed in caring for pleached allées," Donald Wyman noted, "they are but infrequently seen in American gardens, but are frequently observed in Europe."
After the second quarter of the eighteenth century, the technique withdrew to the kitchen garden, and the word dropped out of English usage, until Sir Walter Scott reintroduced it for local colour, in The Fortunes of Nigel (1822). After the middle of the nineteenth century, English landowners were once again planting avenues, often shading the sweeping curves of a drive, but sometimes straight allées of pleached limes, as Rowland Egerton's at Arley Hall, Cheshire, which survive in splendidly controlled form.
In Much Ado About Nothing, Antonio reports (I.ii.8ff) that the Prince and Count Claudio were "walking in a thick pleached alley in my orchard." A modern version of such free-standing pleached fruit trees is sometimes called a "Belgian fence": young fruit trees pruned to four or six wide Y-shaped crotches, in the candelabra-form espalier called a palmette verrier, are planted at close intervals, about two metres apart, and their branches are bound together to makes a diagonal lattice, a regimen of severe seasonal pruning; lashing of young growth to straight sticks and binding the joints repeat the pattern.
Smooth-barked trees such as limewood or linden trees, or hornbeams were most often used in pleaching. A sunken parterre surrounded on three sides by pleached allées of laburnum is a feature of the Queen's Garden, Kew, laid out in 1969 to complement the seventeenth-century Anglo-Dutch architecture of Kew Palace. A pleached hornbeam hedge about three meters high is a feature of the replanted town garden at Rubens House, Antwerp, recreated from Rubens' painting The Walk in the Garden and from seventeenth-century engravings.
In the gardens of André Le Nôtre and his followers, pleaching kept the vistas of straight rides through woodland cleanly bordered. At Studley Royal, Yorkshire, the avenues began to be pleached once again, as an experiment in restoration, in 1972.
Pleaching in art
The word pleach has been used to describe the art form of tree shaping or one of the techniques of tree shaping. Pleaching describes the weaving of branches into houses, furniture, ladders and many other 3D art forms. Examples of living pleached structures include Richard Reames's red alder bench and Axel Erlandson's sycamore tower. There are also conceptual ideas like the Fab Tree Hab.
See also
Topiary
Espalier
Quincunx
Tree shaping
Notes
References
Time-Life Encyclopedia of Gardening: Pruning and Grafting
External links
PLEACHING by Mark Primack From The NSW Good Wood Guide
House made by Pleaching: Fab Tree Hab
Garden features
Horticulture
The Health Council of Canada was a national, independent, public reporting agency based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Announced as part of the 2003 First Ministers' Accord on Health Care Renewal with a mandate to report publicly to Canadians, the Health Council provided a system-wide perspective on health care reform related to the 2003 Accord's policy and program commitments as well as those contained in the 2004 10-Year Plan to Strengthen Health Care. In 2010, the Health Council's mandate was expanded to include the nationwide dissemination of information on best practices and innovation in health care.
History
Created in 2003, the Health Council of Canada produced more than 60 reports on a variety of health care themes, such as Aboriginal health, access and wait times, health promotion, health system performance, home and community care, pharmaceuticals management, and primary health care.
The work of the Health Council of Canada was funded by Health Canada, overseen by 13 independent councillors and one ex-officio councillor appointed by the federal, provincial, and territorial governments (excluding the Government of Quebec), and supported by a professional secretariat based in Toronto.
In addition to its reports, the Health Council of Canada assessed and highlighted innovations that were contributing to a higher-quality health care system in a searchable database called the Health Innovation Portal. Launched in November 2012, the portal featured practices, policies, programs and services that could be scaled up or adopted elsewhere in Canada, ideally to improve health outcomes in the most cost-effective manner possible. Notable features of the portal included a searchable database with more than 400 innovative practices covering a range of health care themes, a user-friendly search function, and customizable outputs for health policy researchers.
The Health Council also hosted national symposia, roundtables and town halls on critical health care topics such as system sustainability, health human resources, integrated care, patient engagement, and quality improvement. It continually engaged key stakeholders on important health policy issues in its work, online and through its social media channels. The Health Council was also an active contributor to the online Evidence Network for health care journalists and researchers as well as McMaster University's Evidence-Informed Healthcare Renewal (EIHR) portal.
In April 2013, the federal government announced that its funding for the Health Council of Canada would end after March 2014. According to the federal government, with the end of the accords in 2014, the Health Council had completed its mandate.
In September 2013, an independent evaluation conducted by KPMG found that "the Health Council is the top [Canadian] organization that comes to mind among its key audiences when it comes to seeking information on both health system performance and innovative practices in health care." The Health Council of Canada's work will still be available online. Content from the Health Innovation Portal has been transferred to Accreditation Canada's leading practices database, and the Health Council's website is archived online.
Select Publications
HCC publications include "Better health, better care, better value for all: Refocusing health care reform in Canada", Progress reports, the Canadian Health Care Matters series, Aboriginal health reports, "Seniors in need, caregivers in distress: What are the home care priorities for seniors in Canada?" and "Innovative Practices Evaluation Framework."
References
External links
Health Council of Canada
Health Innovation Portal
Health Council of Canada YouTube channel
Health Canada
2003 First Ministers' Accord on Health Care Renewal
2004 10-Year Agreement to Strengthen Health Care
Evidence Network
Evidence-Informed Healthcare Renewal Portal
Accreditation Canada
Medical and health organizations based in Ontario
Jam 1980's is the 46th studio album by American musician James Brown. The album was released in March 1978, by Polydor Records and arranged by James Brown with Sweet Charles Sherrell arranging "Nature".
Track listing
References
1978 albums
James Brown albums
Albums produced by James Brown
Polydor Records albums
Giovanni Niccolò delle Caselle Migliorati (died in 16 October 1410) was an Italian Cardinal. From 12 June 1405; he was Archbishop of Ravenna from 1400 to 1405. From 1405 he was Administrator of the same Archdiocese.
Notes
External links
Profile at Catholic-hierarchy
1410 deaths
15th-century Italian cardinals
Archbishops of Ravenna
15th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
Cardinal-nephews
Year of birth unknown
7 Horns 7 Eyes is an American Christian death metal band based out of Seattle, Washington. The band formed in 2006 and released their debut album Throes of Absolution on April 24, 2012, on Century Media Records in North America and Basick Records in Europe. On January 10, 2014, after being silent for nearly two years, vocalist JJ Polachek announced the band is working on three potential releases for 2014 and 2015. It was described as a large conceptual work.
History
Formation and 7 Horns 7 Eyes
In 2006, friends, Kyle Wood, Brandon and Aaron Smith, Chris Weiford, and Steven Bye started a band, that they named 7 Horns 7 Eyes, which comes from Revelation 5:6 in the Bible. They recorded their self-titled debut EP in 2006 and released it in 2007. After 7 Horns 7 Eyes was released, Weiford and Bye left the band and were replaced by friend Sean Alf, and Ryan Wood, Kyle's brother.
"Huntour", Convalescence EP, and Throes of Absolution
In 2009, the band was selected for Demon Hunter's first annual "Huntour" along with the resurrected Living Sacrifice, The Famine, Focused, and Advent. After the "Huntour" the band began to record their first album and released the first single of the album, "The Vindicator". After recording the whole album, Kyle Wood left to get married. Aaron Smith then contacted his friend JJ "Shiv" Polachek of Monotheist, to be the new vocalist and re-record vocals. In 2011, the band released Convalescence EP and in 2012, their debut album, Throes of Absolution was released. After the release, Sean Alf left the band, and was replaced by Zack Uidl.
New album
The band announced that instead of the original plan of releasing three concept albums, they would make it one album, to be released in late 2017 or early 2018, recording the "traditional followup" to their debut album, Throes of Absolution, except that the lyrical focus will be on philosophy and their emotions and that they were no longer a Christian band.
Members
Current
JJ Polachek IV – vocals (Nekroi Theoi, ex-Ovid's Withering, ex-Monotheist, ex-Lorelei) (2010–present)
Aaron Smith – rhythm guitar, backing vocals (2006–present)
Brandon Smith – bass guitar (2006–present)
Sean Alf – lead guitar (2008–2012, 2014–present)
Former
Kyle Wood – vocals (2006–2010)
Ryan Wood – drums (2008–2012)
Steven Bye – drums (2006–2008)
Zack Uidl – lead guitar (2012–2014)
Chris Weiford – guitar (2006–2008)
Session
Nick Pierce – drums (2014–2018)
Alex Rüdinger – drums (2018–present)
Timeline
Discography
Albums
Throes of Absolution (2012) (Century Media)
EPs
7 Horns 7 Eyes (2007) (Basick Records)
Convalescence (2011) (Basick Records)
Other projects
JJ "Shiv" Polachek is in bands, Ovid's Withering, Nekroi Theoi and Monotheist. He is featured in "Waifu" by Enpedestalment.
Zack Uidl is featured in the song "Ignorance" by A Boundless Moment.
Ryan Wood is currently playing in Project 86.
Nick Pierce is the current drummer of Unearth.
Aaron Smith produced the Jeff Loomis solo album, Plains of Oblivion and Binary Code's upcoming album Memento Mori.
References
External links
7 Horns 7 Eyes on Myspace
2006 establishments in Washington (state)
American Christian metal musical groups
American death metal musical groups
American progressive metal musical groups
American deathcore musical groups
Century Media Records artists
Musical groups established in 2006
Musical groups from Seattle
This is a list of tennis players who have represented the Zimbabwe Davis Cup team in an official Davis Cup match. Zimbabwe have taken part in the competition since 1963. They were known as Rhodesia until 1981
Players
References
Lists of Davis Cup tennis players
Davis Cup
Sarah Ann Darling (born October 4, 1982) is an American country music singer and songwriter. She has worked and toured in Nashville, Los Angeles, and the UK, and her last full album release, Wonderland, reached #1 on the official UK Country Charts.
Career
In 2003, Darling made her name first known to the public when she was a top four finalists on E! Entertainment Television's reality show The Entertainer, hosted by Wayne Newton. She missed out on winning the show as Newton believed she was not right for
Las Vegas and he advised her to head to Nashville to focus on country music.
Sarah Darling went into the studio in the summer of 2008 to record her debut album, Every Monday Morning, which was released on June 16, 2009. Her single "Jack of Hearts" successfully made its debut on Country Music Television's top 20 countdown. A second album, Angels & Devils, was released on February 15, 2011, following its lead single "Something to Do With Your Hands" and a digital single release of the U2 cover "With or Without You". To promote the single, Black River Music Group arranged for Darling to sing the national anthem for a Buffalo Sabres game in place of usual singer Doug Allen; the Sabres and Black River are both owned by Terrence Pegula.
In late 2012, a new single titled "Home to Me," was released to digital retailers on August 21, 2012, after being previously featured on Sirius XM's The Highway country-music station. It sold over 8,000 copies in the first week of release becoming the top selling digital single from a new female artist since May 2011 when Lauren Alaina released "Like My Mother Does". "Home to Me" became Darling's first single to chart on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart, reaching a peak of number 34.
"Home To Me" was issued to radio, in multiple versions, customized for different states.
However, after releasing a digital EP, Home to Me, on January 29, 2013, Darling and Black River Entertainment parted ways.
Darling released "Little Umbrellas," independently on June 4, 2013, to digital retailers. It was also issued to country radio on June 24, 2013, though it failed to chart.
Darling has been featured on TBS' CONAN, FOX & Friends, HLN Morning Express with Robin Meade, ABC's The Bachelor, Better TV and many additional news outlets. She wrote the song "Knowing What I Know About Heaven," which was recorded and released by Guy Penrod, and has a passion for baking.
Darling was a contestant on ABC's Rising Star first season in 2014, and was eliminated in the fourth week. However, after her elimination Brad Paisley, one of the show's judges, invited Darling to perform with him at the Grand Ole Opry.
On February 10, 2017, Darling self-released her Dream Country album, a compilation of songs that provided a glimpse into her new musical direction. Dream Country was well received in both the US and UK with over 4 million streams on Spotify and Apple Music.
In 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019, Darling performed at the C2C: Country to Country festival, the largest country music event in Europe.
On February 20, 2018, Darling teased her new single "Wasted" ahead of an upcoming tour in the UK and Ireland. She performed at the British Summertime Festival in Hyde Park in June 2018 and
On June 7, 2019, Darling released her newest album Wonderland which climbed to the top of the official UK Country Artist Album Charts. She performed at Nashville Meets London in July, British Country Music Festival in September, and on November 22, 2019, Darling released her single "Divide" featuring Ward Thomas.
Throughout 2020, Darling conducted several concerts over live stream and returned to the live stage in June 2021.
Rising Star
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
Tours
Headlining
UK & Ireland Tour (2018)
Wonderland Tour (2019)
2021 Tour (2021)
Supporting
Weekend Roadtrip Tour (2013) with Scotty McCreery
References
External links
Sarah Darling at CMT.com
Living people
Musicians from Des Moines, Iowa
American country singer-songwriters
American women country singers
Black River Entertainment artists
1982 births
Writers from Des Moines, Iowa
Country musicians from Iowa
21st-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
Singer-songwriters from Iowa
Naïm Matoug (born 12 April 2003) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Jong PSV.
International career
Born in the Netherlands, Matoug is of Algerian and Dutch descent. He is a youth international for the Netherlands.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
2003 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
Netherlands youth international footballers
Dutch people of Algerian descent
Association football midfielders
VVV-Venlo players
PSV Eindhoven players
Jong PSV players
Eerste Divisie players
Pannone is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Gianfranco Pannone, Italian film director
Ryan Pannone (born 1985), American basketball coach
Thomas Pannone (born 1994), American baseball player
See also
Pannone solicitors, law firm based in the UK
The Prince of Homburg, or in German Der Prinz von Homburg or Prinz Friedrich von Homburg, can refer to the following:
People
Frederick II, Landgrave of Hesse-Homburg (1633–1708), also known as Prince Friedrich of Homburg (Prinz Friedrich von Homburg)
Artistic works
The Prince of Homburg (play) (, Prinz Friedrich von Homburg, or in full Prinz Friedrich von Homburg oder die Schlacht bei Fehrbellin), a play written 1809/10 by Heinrich von Kleist about the above
Der Prinz von Homburg (opera), an opera by Hans Werner Henze, written 1958
The Prince of Homburg (film) (), a film by Marco Bellocchio, made 1997
Isaac Parrish (March 1804August 9, 1860) was an American lawyer and politician who served two non-consecutive terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio in the mid-19th century.
Early life and career
Born near St. Clairsville, Belmont County, Ohio, in March 1804, Parrish resided in Cambridge, Guernsey County, Ohio.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar and practiced.
He served as prosecuting attorney of Guernsey County in 1833.
He served as a member of the State house of representatives in 1837.
Congress
Parrish was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-sixth Congress (March 4, 1839 – March 3, 1841).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1840 to the Twenty-seventh Congress.
Parrish was elected to the Twenty-ninth Congress (March 4, 1845 – March 3, 1847).
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1846.
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of law and his former business pursuits in Sharon.
He was also interested in the real estate business and engaged in freighting by steamboat on the Mississippi River.
He established the Harrison County Flag, published at Calhoun, Iowa.
He died in Parrish City, Iowa, August 9, 1860.
He was interred in Calhoun Cemetery in Calhoun, Iowa.
Sources
People from St. Clairsville, Ohio
People from Cambridge, Ohio
1860 deaths
County district attorneys in Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
1804 births
19th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Selaginella wallacei is a species of spikemoss known by the common name Wallace's spikemoss. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Montana, where it can be found in many types of habitat, including open and shaded areas, and wet to dry environments, often growing on and over rocks. This lycophyte is variable in appearance, its form depending on the habitat it grows in. It can be spreading with many narrow branches, or a small, dense mat. The forking stems grow up to about 25 centimeters long, but may remain much shorter in dry conditions. They are lined with linear, lance-shaped, or oblong leaves up to 4 millimeters long including the bristles at the tips. The strobili containing the reproductive structures may be quite long, reaching up to 9 centimeters.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Washington Burke Museum
Photo gallery
wallacei
Flora of Alberta
Flora of British Columbia
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Lilov () is a Bulgarian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Lilova. Notable people with the surname include:
Aleksandar Lilov (1933–2013), Bulgarian politician and philosopher
Boris Lilov, Soviet equestrian
Ivan Lilov (born 1988), Bulgarian basketball player
Bulgarian-language surnames
Teriomima is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. Teriomima is endemic to the Afrotropics.
Species
Subgenus Teriomima
Teriomima puella Kirby, 1887
Teriomima puellaris Trimen, 1894
Teriomima subpunctata Kirby, 1887
Teriomima williami Henning & Henning, 2004
Teriomima zuluana van Son, 1949
Subgenus Chrystina Henning & Henning, 2004
Teriomima micra (Grose-Smith, 1898)
Teriomima parva Hawker-Smith, 1933
External links
Teriomima at funet
Poritiinae
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by William Forsell Kirby
Robert Hurrell Froude (1771–1859) was Archdeacon of Totnes in Devon, from 1820 to 1859. From 1799 to his death he was rector of Denbury and of Dartington in Devon.
Origins
He was born at Wakeham Farm in the parish of Aveton Gifford near Modbury in Devon, the posthumous son of Robert Froude (1741–1770) of Modbury, by his wife Phillis Hurrell (1746-1826) of Aveton Gifford, whose portrait was painted by Sir Joshua Reynolds in 1762, four years before her marriage. The Froude family is first recorded in surviving records at Kingston, South Hams, Devon, in the 16th century. Robert Froude (1741-1770) was the third son of John Froude, from whom he inherited the estates of Edmeston and Gutsford, both in the parish of Modbury in Devon. He was the patron of Molland-cum-Knowstone in Devon in 1767, and was buried at Aveton Gifford in Devon. Phillis Hurrell (1746-1826) was a daughter of Richard Hurrell, Gentleman, of Modbury, by his wife Phillis Collings, whom he married in 1746. In 1767 Robert Froude, as patron, appointed John Froude I as Vicar of Molland-cum-Knowstone, who was followed in 1804 by his son Rev John Froude II (1777-1852), Vicar of Molland-cum-Knowstone, an extreme example of the "hunting parson".
Career
He matriculated at Oriel College, Oxford, in 1788 and obtained his M.A. in 1795. He was rector of Denbury when he assumed his new parish at Dartington in 1799.
His marriage to Margaret Spedding produced eight children, who included Richard Hurrell Froude who was involved in the formation of the Oxford Movement; the railway engineer and acclaimed hydrodynamicist William Froude and the historian James Anthony Froude. A graduate of Oriel College, Oxford, he was, for many years, the Rector of Dartington
. and Denbury. He died on 16 February 1859.
References
Sources
Archdeacons of Totnes
1771 births
1859 deaths
Dino Minichiello born on December 28, 1968 in North Vancouver, British Columbia, is a Canadian fashion designer, entrepreneur and the founder of bespoke luxury fashion labels: ONS (1997) Dino Minichiello Designs Ltd, Minichiello Retail (1999), and Cativvo Ragazzo (2016). Minichiello is also the founder of Triumph Capital (2009) a private equity and investment-banking firm; and the Founder and CEO of Snap Brands (2021) a direct-to-consumer (D2C) Telehealth company.
Early life
Dino Minichiello is the son of fashion designer, Paul Minichiello. In 1954, at the age of 14, Paul Minichiello immigrated to North Vancouver, Canada, from Civitanova del Sannio, a small town in the Italian Province of Isernia, where he worked as an apprentice for an Italian master tailor. After working for a series of clothing shops upon arriving in Canada, Paul eventually opened his own bespoke clothier ‘Paul's of North Shore'. His unique style caught the eye of local and international celebrities. Soon after it opened, his modest North Shore shop became a regular stop on the travels of many touring musicians, actors, athletes and high-profile businessmen.
As a child, the young Dino was swept up by his father's outgoing personality, bold ideas and colourful network of clients. Dino literally grew up at the knees of his father's all-star clientiele, such as Jim Pattison, Jack Poole, Murray Pezim, Wayne Gretzky, Sonny and Cher, Al Wilson, Carl Weathers, Jack Wasserman, Leslie Nielsen, Pat Quinn, Harold Snepts, Dennis Ververgaert and Jerry Korab.
One of his father's friends was boxing coach and Golden Gloves Alumni, Elio Ius, of the "North West Eagles" boxing club. Taking Dino under his wing, Ius began training Dino from his personal home gym, where Dino studied the art of the fight from the ages of 13 to 17. His training soon matured into an appreciation and passion for Mixed Martial Arts serving as a catalyst to his later interest in venture capital activity on behalf of under-publicized Mixed Martial Arts events.
Experiencing dyslexia from an early age, Dino became adept at working around the conventional education system and, in the process, discovered that he had all of the makings of a successful entrepreneur. While taking business classes at Capilano University, Dino reports having hired and directed a small team of business students to articulate a business concept that he had envisioned for his final project. Dino was awarded an A+ by his business professor. Instead of being censored for cheating, he was awarded extra marks for creative and innovative team building that had increased the odds of his business concept being accepted in the marketplace.
Recognizing that dyslexia was responsible for his heightened sense of visual and sensory learning, Minichiello began to embrace his previously thought ‘disadvantage' as a gift. In 2002, he began painting; teaching himself the techniques of the old masters as well as contemporary art forms. His effort resulted in an invitation to exhibit his first painting at the North Vancouver Community Arts Gallery which was featured in the North Shore News.
The family business, and his father's success, made a large impression on Dino, and soon after he graduated from high school he designed and created his own zip-up dress shirt. It was a hit, and all his friends wanted one for themselves, but it wasn't until his mid-twenties that he felt ready to step into his father's footsteps.
From 1995 – 2005, Minichiello widened the application of his artistic experiment with the launch of "Naturally Creative" landscape design. Using hand drawn designs to improve the backyard aesthetics of his upscale north shore clients, Dino's popularity soon attracted the attention of local media. The North Shore news published a contest called the “Ugliest Backyard Contest”. The grand prize was a Naturally Creative solution, awarded to the Ugliest Yard winner. A two-page spread, featuring before and after photos of the Ugliest Yard transformation, marked the event finale.
Professional Life
ONS
In 1996 Minichiello launched ONS, a chic but sassy line of bespoke undergarments, boldly branded to “look best on the bedroom floor”. Sometimes playfully referred to by insiders as ‘One-Night Stand', ONS undergarments were brightly colored boxers, briefs and G-strings in fabrics like burnout velvet, stretch velour and imported silk. ONS was one of the first brands of underwear marketed as a lifestyle choice. Each ONS purchase included a complimentary (and flavoured) ONS-labeled condom, with portions of sales going to HIV and AIDS research. The boundary-pushing marketing and designs created a buzz, shooting Minichiello into the Vancouver fashion scene as one of the first designers to anticipate the unlimited possibilities of underwear conceived as play, entertainment, identity, and social activism.
Appearing in Vancouver magazine, Vancouver ECHO, Vancouver Taxi, and the North Shore News, each cover story profiled him as one of the city's most promising young designers responsible for putting Vancouver back on the international fashion map.
Minichiello retail
Leaving ONS at the height of its popularity, Dino moved into the Yaletown fashion scene in 1999, with first-rate designer, Julie Berg, and a classically trained master Italian tailor under the label, Minichiello. The Minichiello label produced luxury collections of men and women's apparel, which Dino marketed as “Old World Italian Design with a New World Attitude”.
Dino's new store and fashion line quickly gained him celebrity clients such as Rodney Dangerfield, Nick Gilder, Pat Quinn and Olympian Charmaine Crooks.
During this time he was also nominated for "best emerging designer" by the B.C. apparel industry.
The Minichiello family label is now owned and operated by Dino's sister, Julie Minichiello.
Triumph Capital
In 2009, Dino decided to capitalize on the abundance of ideas and opportunities he was encountering within his social and business network. He began raising venture capital for underfunded start-ups to such an extent that he closed Minichiello; taking a detour from fashion to found Triumph Capital, a private equity and investment banking firm, with the idea of bringing under-funded, ahead-of-the-curve projects into new levels of profitability. In 2014, Dino and his team established an ambitious, live-event media and post-production company to feature under-publicized Mixed Martial Arts events. It was christened Takedown Fight Media. Takedown produced a publicity package that was sold and distributed to networks across the globe. Ken Pavia was made director of business development and Takedown quickly acquired the participation of more than 30 international MMA organizations. After suffering a personal financial loss trying to stop shares plummeting on a stock market short, Dino closed Triumph Capital.
Cattivo Ragazzo
Before Dino's father passed away in the summer of 2014, Dino made a “beautiful promise” to him: to return to the family legacy of bespoke fashion. True to his word, in 2016 Dino launched an edgy, exclusive bespoke menswear under the defiant label, Cattivo Ragazzo, (meaning “bad boys” with chivalry). Taking the Minichiello "new world attitude" to new heights, each garment simultaneously embraced and broke the classic mold. Dino's personalized silk linings captured the untamed individuality unique to each client, and polished it with the impeccable and knowing detail of classical Italian bespoke tailoring. This ability to recognize and represent North America's obsession with individualism and capture it under the coveted European standing of class, inspired an intense client following. Custom orders streamed in from sports professionals such as Bob Lenarduzzi; MMA fighter and columnist, Cheick Kongo; professional freeride mountain bike athlete, Geoff Gulevich; pro skateboarder, Cameo Wilson; Hall of Famer, Al Wilson; entertainer, Jim Byrnes; actors, Aleks Paunovic and Peter Shinkoda; and film producer, Gabriel Napora.
Cattivo Ragazzo, continues to cater to its bespoke clientele, while moving online with a new up-and-coming, masculine chic ready-to-wear collection.
Snap Brands
With the slow down of retail during the Covid pandemic lockdowns in 2020, Dino and his team leveraged the opportunity to incubate their most visionary project to date under Snap Brands. Snap Brands is a direct-to-consumer (D2C) telehealth company that uses voice technology and audio biomarkers to instantly analyze the nutritional needs of its customers, with extreme accuracy. Snap Brands analytics result in personalized recommendations of select types and combinations of high quality health supplements and functional mushroom based health products, under the Snap in-house ÜRSTAX brand. Snap Brands partners with, acquires, develops, distributes and sells health and wellness products and services as part of its ecosystem.
Personal life
Dino married Stacey Henderson in 2000. In 2005 they had a daughter, Capri Minichiello. Dino and Stacey were divorced in 2010.
Dino reports that his daughter, Capri, is his greatest inspiration.
Dino speaks highly of his mother, Joan, as someone who shared many common interests and activities with him during his childhood, especially cooking, hiking and attending garage sales. It is to his mother, that Dino attributes his values of chivalry and respect for women, and is the guiding mantra implied by the Italian translation 'Cattivo Ragazzo'.
Charity work
Throughout the years Dino has played an active role as a fundraiser for a variety of local, national and international charities, including: the Heart and Stroke Foundation, World Vision, the Children's Wish Foundation, the ALS Society of Canada, A Loving Spoonful, and the Richard Brodeur Charity Golf Classic.
References
External links
www.cattivoragazzo.com
http://dinominichiello.com
People from North Vancouver
Living people
Canadian people of Italian descent
1968 births
Adrian Policena (born December 7, 1979), also known as Chris Tsuper, is a multi-awarded radio disc jockey and recording artist in the Philippines. He is best known for his program Tambalang Balasubas at Balahura (with co-host Nicole Hyala) at 90.7 Love Radio and through Love Radio stations nationwide.
Early life
Policena took his primary and secondary education in his hometown of Lucban, Quezon. He is also a graduate of Mass Communication at Far Eastern University. When he headed back to Lucena, he was discovered by Lady Love, the station manager of 100.7 Love Radio Lucena. Thus he began to work as "Carlo Valentino" at that station. A year later, he moved to Love Radio Manila upon being discovered by Wilfredo Espinosa, Love Radio Manila's program director.
Career
Adrian Lagdameo Policena, also known as Love Radio Manila's "Chris Tsuper", is a KBP (Kapisanan ng mga Broadkaster ng Pilipinas) accredited radio announcer, a recording artist, and one of the most sought after product endorsers in Philippine radio today. He is best known for his top-rated morning program "Tambalan" along with Nicole Hyala aired over 90.7 Love Radio Manila and Love Radio stations nationwide. Tambalan is not a typical radio program with two people conversing with each other; rather it engages listeners who have the chance to air out their problems. With Tambalan's special segment, "Ang Kwento ng Mahiwagang Burnay", deals with different human experiences that listeners can relate to— be it bad, silly, exciting, funny, remorseful, or embarrassing— and can make them smile or even laugh.
Aside from the program Tambalan, Chris and co-host Nicole have branched out into recording albums with lyrics that reflect their on-air antics and vibrancy. These songs are another creative way to showcase the relatable everyday Filipino experiences that they feature in their show, Tambalan.
And the entertainment does not stop on air or in albums. Chris has co-authored the number one best-selling book "Tambalan". Due to their success on FM radio, he and Nicole crossed-over to television, as the additional hosts of the Saturday morning edition of Music Uplate Live on ABS-CBN. in 2009. He also became one of the hosts of the prime noontime show Eat Bulaga "Spogify: The Singing Baes" and "Grabe S'ya!" in 2015 to 2016.
His uniqueness, distinct style, creativity, wit, intelligence and sound pieces of advice make Chris Tsuper "the Kambyo King" as he reflects the life of an ordinary Filipino. For thirteen years now, Chris Tsuper has been continuously an inspiration to many. Chris Tsuper has been consistently receiving awards from different organizations and award-giving bodies. This only reflects that Chris Tsuper has demonstrated excellence and creativity and has made an impact in the radio industry.
Discography
Albums
D' Nakakalurkei na Album (2008)
Singles
Filmography
Awards
References
External links
Tambalan Official Website
1979 births
Living people
Filipino radio personalities
People from Quezon
Manila Broadcasting Company people
Far Eastern University alumni
The 10th SS Police Regiment () was initially named the 10th Police Regiment (Polizei-Regiment 10) when it was formed in 1942 by the redesignation of Police Regiment South for security warfare in the occupied Soviet Union. It was redesignated as an SS unit in early 1943.
Formation and organization
The regiment was ordered formed in July 1942 in Southern Russia from Police Regiment South. Police Battalion 45, Police Battalion 303 and Police Battalion 314 were redesignated as the regiment's first through third battalions, respectively. All of the police regiments were redesignated as SS police units on 24 February 1943, while retaining its existing organization and strength. On 11 March, the 10th Police Panzer Company was formed with two platoons of ex-French Panhard 178 armored cars and a platoon of captured Soviet tanks, but there were no tanks available. The company was transferred to Russia to join the regiment shortly afterwards. It was attached to the 11th SS Police Regiment in June and never returned to the 10th Regiment. In July 1944, the regiment was stationed in Eastern Italy and Slovenia for security operations and it had been reinforced by an artillery battery and a cavalry squadron.
Notes
References
Arico, Massimo. Ordnungspolizei: Encyclopedia of the German Police Battalions, Stockholm: Leandoer and Ekholm (2010).
Blood, Phillip W. Hitler's Bandit Hunters: The SS and the Nazi Occupation of Europe, Washington, D.C.: Potomac Books (2006).
Regenberg, Werner. Armored Vehicles and Units of the German Order Police, 1936–1945. Atglen, Pennsylvania: Schiffer (2002)
Tessin, Georg & Kannapin, Norbert. Waffen-SS under Ordnungspolizei im Kriegseinsatz 1939–1945: Ein Überlick anhand der Feldpostübersicht, Osnabrück, Germany: Biblio Verlag (2000).
Tibor Lendvai (born 1 February 1940) is a former Hungarian cyclist. He competed in the 1000m time trial and the men's tandem events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1940 births
Living people
Hungarian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Hungary
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists from Budapest
The Hombron Rocks () are rocks awash lying off Thanaron Point, Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica. They were discovered by a French expedition, 1837–40, under Captain Jules Dumont d'Urville, and named by him for Jacques Hombron, a surgeon with the expedition. The rocks were surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1946.
References
Rock formations of the Trinity Peninsula
Folsom Stage Line is a 3 line transit system serving the City of Folsom, CA. Folsom Stage connects to many schools, shopping malls, as well as the SacRT Gold line light rail. Daily operations were taken over by SacRT on February 4, 2019, however service remained unchanged.
References
Folsom, California
Transportation in California
Red Eye Records is an independent record store and mail order business, located in Sydney, Australia. Established in 1981, it is the largest indie store in the country.
Red Eye stocks a diverse range of local and import releases, both new and second hand. All genres are catered for; the store specialises in sourcing hard to find Australian items, and stocking releases by local independent artists.
The store is currently located at 143 York Street, in the Sydney CBD (The original Red Eye Records store was on the corner of King Street and George Street). It often hosts free, all ages live performances and appearances by local and international artists. Artists who have performed in-store over the years include Amy Shark Beck, Supergrass, Jay Reatard, Eddy Current Suppression Ring, The Church, Ween, Ash, The Gossip, Jonathan Richman, Severed Heads and Lisa Marie Presley, as well as many local bands.
Red Eye Records won the ARIA Award for Outstanding Independent Retailer in 2012, 2013 & 2015.
The Red Eye Records label was spawned from the store in the 1980s, though it existed as a separate entity.
See also
Red Eye Records (label)
References
External links
Red Eye Records website
Music retailers of Australia
1981 establishments in Australia
The Argentine ant (Linepithema humile), formerly Iridomyrmex humilis, is an ant native to northern Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay, Bolivia and southern Brazil. It is an invasive species that has been established in many Mediterranean climate areas, inadvertently introduced by humans to many places, including South Africa, New Zealand, Japan, Easter Island, Australia, Europe, Hawaii, and the continental United States.
Description
The worker ants are long and can easily squeeze through cracks and holes as small as in size. Queens are long, much smaller than other species of ants. These ants will set up quarters in the ground, in cracks in concrete walls, in spaces between boards and timbers, even among belongings in human dwellings. In natural areas, they generally nest shallowly in loose leaf litter or beneath small stones, due to their poor ability to dig deeper nests. However, if a deeper nesting ant species abandons their nest, Argentine ant colonies will readily take over the space.
Austrian entomologist Gustav L. Mayr identified the first specimens of Hypoclinea humilis in the vicinity of Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1866. This species was shortly transferred to the genus Iridomyrmex, and finally to Linepithema in the early 1990s.
Distribution
The native range of Argentine ants is limited to around major waterways in the lowland areas of the Paraná River drainage. They have recently spread into parts of Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. The species has become established in at least 15 countries throughout the world, on six continents, as well as many oceanic islands.
Global "mega-colony"
The absence of aggression within Argentine ant colonies was first reported in 1913 by Newell & Barber, who noted “…there is no apparent antagonism between separate colonies of its own kind”.
Later studies showed that these “supercolonies” extend across hundreds or thousands of kilometers in different parts of the introduced range, first reported in California in 2000,
then in Europe in 2002,
Japan in 2009,
and Australia in 2010.
Several subsequent studies used genetic, behavioral, and chemical analyses to show that introduced supercolonies on separate continents actually represent a single global supercolony.
The researchers stated that the "enormous extent of this population is paralleled only by human society", and had probably been spread and maintained by human travel.
Behavior
They have been extraordinarily successful, in part, because different nests of the introduced Argentine ants seldom attack or compete with each other, unlike most other species of ant. In their introduced range, their genetic makeup is so uniform that individuals from one nest can mingle in a neighboring nest without being attacked. Thus, in most of their introduced range, they form 'super-colonies'. "Some ants have an extraordinary social organization, called unicoloniality, whereby individuals mix freely among physically separated nests. This type of social organization is not only a key attribute responsible for the ecological domination of these ants, but also an evolutionary paradox and a potential problem for kin selection theory because relatedness between nest mates is effectively zero."
The 'Very Large Colony', which covers territory from San Diego to beyond San Francisco, may have a population of nearly one trillion individuals.
Conflict does occur between members of different supercolonies. In 1997, UC San Diego researchers observed fighting between different Argentine ants kept in lab, and in 2004 scientists began to map out the boundaries of the different supercolonies that clashed in San Diego. On the border of the 'Very Large Colony' and the 'Lake Hodges Colony' thirty million ants die each year, on a battlefront that covers many miles. While the battles of other ant species generally constitute colony raids lasting a few hours, or skirmishes that occur periodically for a few weeks, Argentine ants clash ceaselessly; the borders of their territory are a site of constant violence and battles can be fought on top of hundreds of dead ants. Fights may be halted by adverse weather such as rain.
In contrast, native populations are genetically more diverse and form colonies that are much smaller than the supercolonies that dominate the introduced range. Colonies living in close proximity are territorial and aggressive toward one another. Argentine ants in their native South America also co-exist with many other species of ants, and do not attain the high population densities that characterize introduced populations.
In a series of experiments, ants of the same colony were isolated and fed different diets. The hydrocarbons from the diet were eventually incorporated into the cuticle of the subjects. Those that had the same diet appeared to recognize one another as kin. Those who had at least some overlap in dietary composition also appeared to react non-aggressively to one another. These interactions contrast drastically with the groups that fed on completely different sources, such as those who lived off flies and those that fed on grasshoppers. The groups appeared to have incorporated hydrocarbons that were not similar to the others and created an unfamiliar identity cue. These groups reacted violently towards each other. This suggests that dietary factors affect the recognition cues for colony members.
Reproduction and seasonal colony trends
Like workers in many other ant species, Argentine ant workers are unable to lay reproductive eggs but can direct the development of eggs into reproductive females; the production of males appears to be controlled by the amount of food available to the larvae. Argentine ant colonies almost invariably have many reproductive queens, as many as eight for every 1,000 workers.
The seasonal low occurs in mid-winter, when 90% of a representative colony consists of workers and the remainder of queens, and no reproductive activity and minimal birthing. Eggs are produced in late-winter, nearly all of which hatch into sexual forms by May. Mating occurs after the females emerge. Worker production increases steadily from mid-March to October, after which their numbers are not replenished; thus, their numbers drop steadily over the winter months.
Colonies in the Argentine ant's native habitat are kept within a range of ten to one hundred meters by colonies of interspecific and intraspecific rivals. As the colonies expand, they appear to form fluctuating territory borders, which contract and expand on a seasonal and conditional basis. There is an expansive push outward in the summer months, with a retreating motion in the winter. This has to do with soil moisture and temperature conditions.
At the edges of these borders are either rival L. humile colonies or other obstacles that prevent further expansion, such as an inhospitable environment for nests.
Impact
The ants are ranked among the world's 100 worst invasive animal species.
In its introduced range, the Argentine ant often displaces most or all native ants and can threaten native invertebrates and even small vertebrates that are not accustomed to defending against the aggressive ants. This can, in turn, imperil other species in the ecosystem, such as native plants that depend on native ants for seed dispersal, or lizards that depend on native ants or invertebrates for food. For example, the recent severe decline in coastal horned lizards in southern California is closely tied to Argentine ants displacing native ant species on which the lizards feed.
Argentine ants sometimes tend aphid, mealybug, and scale insect colonies,
sometimes relocating the parasites to unaffected plants, and their protection of these plant pests from predators and parasitoids can cause problems in agricultural areas.
In return for this protection, the ants benefit by feeding off an excretion known as "honeydew". Thus, when Argentine ants invade an agricultural area, the population densities of these plant parasites can increase followed by an increase in damage to crops.
There is also evidence that the presence of Argentine ant may decrease the number of pollinators that visit natural flowering plants via predation on the larvae of the pollinators.
Pest control
Argentine ants are a common household pest, often entering structures in search of food or water (particularly during dry or hot weather), or to escape flooded nests during periods of heavy rainfall. When they invade a kitchen, it is not uncommon to see two or three queens foraging along with the workers. Due to the large number of queens, eliminating a single queen does not stop the colony's ability to breed.
Diatomaceous earth has been used to dust trails, feeding sites and nest entrances.
Borate-sucrose water baits are toxic to Argentine ants, when the bait is 25% water, with 0.5–1.0% boric acid or borate salts.
In spring, during a colony's growth phase, protein based baits may be more effective due to much higher demand from the egg-laying queens.
Due to their nesting behavior and presence of numerous queens in each colony, it is generally impractical to spray Argentine ants with pesticides or to use boiling water as with mound building ants. Spraying with pesticides has occasionally stimulated increased egg-laying by the queens, compounding the problem. Pest control usually requires exploiting their omnivorous dietary habits, through use of slow-acting poison bait (e.g. fipronil, hydramethylnon, sulfluramid), which will be carried back to the nest by the workers, eventually killing all the individuals, including the queens. It may take four to five days to eradicate a colony in this manner.
Researchers from the University of California, Irvine, have developed a way to use the scent of Argentine ants against them. The exoskeletons of the ants are covered with a hydrocarbon-laced secretion. They made a compound that is different, but similar, to the one that coats the ants. If the chemical is applied to an ant, the other members of the colony will kill it. The chemical method may be effective in combination with other methods.
Another approach for a large scale control of the Argentine ant has been proposed by researchers from Japan, who showed that it is possible to disrupt its trails with synthetic pheromones. This has been confirmed in various later trials by a New Zealand-led team in Hawaii and by researchers from Victoria University of Wellington who showed that this approach is beneficial for other local ant species.
See also
Linepithema humile virus 1, a virus carried by Argentine ants
References
External links
with information on habits, habitat and prevention
Dolichoderinae
Agricultural pest insects
Household pest insects
Insects described in 1868
Hymenoptera of New Zealand
Ants of New Zealand
Eugene Omoruyi (born February 14, 1997) is a Nigerian-Canadian professional basketball player for the Oklahoma City Thunder of the National Basketball Association (NBA), on a two-way contract with the Oklahoma City Blue of the NBA G League. He played college basketball for the Rutgers Scarlet Knights and the Oregon Ducks.
Early life and high school career
Omoruyi was born in Benin City, Nigeria and immigrated to Canada with his family as a one-year-old. He grew up playing soccer and began playing basketball during his second year of high school at Monsignor Percy Johnson. Omoruyi attended Orangeville Prep in Orangeville, Ontario, averaging 16.9 points and 9.6 rebounds per game and earning Ontario Scholastic Basketball Association First Team All-Star honors in his final season. He played alongside Jamal Murray and Thon Maker. He competed for Advantage Titans on the Amateur Athletic Union circuit. Omoruyi committed to playing college basketball for Rutgers over an offer from Loyola (Illinois).
College career
As a freshman at Rutgers, Omoruyi averaged 2.4 points and 2.2 rebounds per game. On November 28, 2017, he scored a sophomore season-high 22 points in a 78–73 loss to Florida State. As a sophomore, Omoruyi averaged 7.9 points and five rebounds per game. For his junior season, he was named a team co-captain. During the offseason, he improved his shooting by taking 1,000 shots for six mornings per week. On November 11, 2018, he recorded a junior season-high 24 points and 10 rebounds in a 95–66 win over Drexel. On November 23, Omoruyi posted 20 points and 17 rebounds in a 54–44 win over Boston University. He averaged 13.8 points, 7.2 rebounds and 2.4 assists per game as a junior. He was an All-Big Ten Honorable Mention and Second Team All-Met selection.
For his senior season, Omoruyi transferred to Oregon and sat out for his next season due to National Collegiate Athletic Association transfer rules. His decision to transfer from Rutgers was described by the media as unexpected. On December 2, 2020, he made his debut for Oregon and recorded a career-high 31 points and 11 rebounds in an 83–75 loss to Missouri. As a senior, he averaged 17.1 points, 5.4 rebounds, 2.3 assists and 1.5 steals per game, earning First Team All-Pac-12 honors. Following the season, Omoruyi declared for the 2021 NBA draft.
Professional career
After going undrafted in the 2021 NBA draft, Omoruyi signed a two-way contract with the Dallas Mavericks on August 13, 2021, splitting time with their G League affiliate, the Texas Legends. On December 15, he suffered a season-ending injury while playing with the Legends, and on December 26, he was waived by the Mavericks.
On July 2, 2022, Omoruyi signed a two-way contract with the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Dallas
| 4 || 0 || 4.5 || .400 || .500 || .500 || 1.8 || .5 || .0 || .0 || 1.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 4 || 0 || 4.5 || .400 || .500 || .500 || 1.8 || .5 || .0 || .0 || 1.8
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"| Rutgers
| 33 || 11 || 12.0 || .349 || .000 || .625 || 2.2 || 1.0 || .5 || .3 || 2.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"| Rutgers
| 32 || 7 || 21.7 || .473 || .000 || .541 || 5.0 || 1.0 || .9 || .8 || 7.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| Rutgers
| 28 || 26 || 29.2 || .445 || .311 || .714 || 7.2 || 2.4 || .7 || .3 || 13.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"| Oregon
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="11"| Redshirt
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2020–21
| style="text-align:left;"| Oregon
| 28 || 28 || 30.6 || .473 || .376 || .765 || 5.4 || 2.3 || 1.5 || .6 || 17.1
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 121 || 72 || 22.8 || .453 || .324 || .674 || 4.8 || 1.6 || .9 || .5 || 9.9
References
External links
Oregon Ducks bio
Rutgers Scarlet Knights bio
1997 births
Living people
Basketball people from Ontario
Black Canadian basketball players
Canadian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Canadian men's basketball players
Canadian sportspeople of Nigerian descent
Dallas Mavericks players
National Basketball Association players from Canada
Nigerian emigrants to Canada
Nigerian men's basketball players
Oregon Ducks men's basketball players
Rutgers Scarlet Knights men's basketball players
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Benin City
Texas Legends players
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
Alfréd "Fred" Forbát (also: Alfréd Forbat, Alfred Füchsl, in the German and Scandinavian literature mostly Fred Forbát )) (March 31, 1897 in Pécs (Hungary) – May 22, 1972 in Vällingby (Sweden)) was a Hungarian architect, urban planner, professor and painter who worked in Germany, Hungary, Greece, the Soviet Union and Sweden. He is considered an important representative of the Bauhaus modern.
Life and work
He was born to Jewish parents in Pécs, former Austria-Hungary (today part of the Republic of Hungary). He studied architecture and art history at the University of Budapest and the Technical University of Munich. From 1920–22 Forbát worked intermittently with Walter Gropius and taught at the Bauhaus in its first incarnation, in Weimar.
From 1923 to 1924 he worked as a freelance architect in Weimar and with the MA Group in Vienna. Then from 1924 to 1925 he worked for the League of Nations as the technical leader for a housing development in Thessaloniki, the capital city of Greek Macedonia.
From 1925 to 1928 he was the lead architect at Sommerfeld Co. in Berlin, and from 1928 to 1932 he worked in the architectural office of Hubert Hoffmann, developing the Berlin housing projects Siemensstadt (1930) und Haselhorst (1931).
Between 1932 and 1933 he worked in Moscow on a town planning project for the Russian state-run planning organisation Standardgorprojek, together with Ernst May.
In 1938 he briefly returned to Hungary as a freelance architect, and was responsible for a number of tenements and free-standing houses there. Later that same year he traveled to Stockholm, where he began a long-term association. He worked for the Urban Ministry, then became a member of the city planning group "Eglers Stadsplanebyrå". He was partly responsible for master plans for Skövde (1949), Landskrona (1951), Upplands Väsby (then, Hammarby kommun, 1951), Kullabygden (1959), Linköping (1967) and Kristinehamn. In 1952 Forbát was co-organizer of the 1952 special (non-congress) meeting of CIAM in Sigtuna (Sweden), and also helped organize the 1957 Interbau project in Berlin. His papers are held by the Swedish Museum of Architecture in Stockholm.
He died in Vällingby, Sweden in 1972, aged 75, his grave is located in the memorial grove in Skogskyrkogården
References
External links
Art & Politics in the Weimar Period, by John Willett
Forbát's papers
1897 births
1972 deaths
20th-century German architects
Hungarian urban planners
Bauhaus teachers
Housing in Sweden
Hungarian architects
Hungarian Jews
Technical University of Munich alumni
People from Pécs
Hungarian emigrants to Sweden
Hungarian expatriates in Germany
Hungarian expatriates in Greece
Hungarian expatriates in the Soviet Union
USS Tirante (SS-420), a Tench-class submarine, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the tirante, a silvery, elongated "cutlass fish" found in waters off Cuba. Her keel was laid down on 28 April 1944 by the Portsmouth Navy Yard of Kittery, Maine. She was launched on 9 August 1944 sponsored by Mrs. Ruth Maynard Sieglaff, wife of Commander William B. Sieglaff (prospective commander of PCU Tench), and commissioned on 6 November 1944 with Lieutenant Commander George L. Street III in command.
First war patrol
Following shakedown training in Long Island Sound, and the waters off Panama and Oahu, Tirante departed Pearl Harbor for Japan on 3 March 1945. The submarine patrolled the approaches to Nagasaki. There she sank the 703-ton tanker Fuji Maru on 25 March and followed with the sinking of the 1218-ton freighter Nase Maru three days later. After the latter attack, Japanese escorts kept Tirante down for seven hours, before she slipped away unscathed.
On 31 March, Tirante shelled and sank a 70-ton lugger with five-inch (127 mm) and 40-millimeter gunfire and, on 1 April, missed an LST-type vessel with a spread of three torpedoes. The submarine soon shifted to waters off the south coast of Korea, near the Strait of Tsushima. At twilight on 6 April, she battle-surfaced and captured a small Japanese fishing vessel and took its three crewmen prisoner before sinking it.
The following day, Tirante torpedoed a 2800-ton cargo freighter loaded with a deck cargo of oil drums. The submarine surfaced and directed a nearby Korean fishing craft to pick up two survivors. Although observers on the submarine reported witnessing the Maru's sinking, post-war examination of Japanese records failed to confirm it.
US naval intelligence had broken the Japanese codes and was able to anticipate their movements. One intercepted message told of an important convoy steaming toward the Tirante'''s area. In response to this information, the submarine laid an ambush on 9 April. Picking out two targets, she launched three torpedoes at each. One spread missed, but the other struck the 5,058-ton troopship Nikkō Maru, carrying homeward-bound Japanese soldiers and sailors from Shanghai. As Nikko Maru sank, enemy escorts went on the offensive. To ward off the counterattack, Tirante fired a "cutie" (homing torpedo) at one of the escorts. Tirante heard an explosion, "breaking-up noises", and even screams. Again, post-war accounting failed to confirm the sinking.Tirante resumed her patrol of the Yellow Sea between Quelpart Island (Cheju Do) and the mouth of the Yangtze River. She soon received an intelligence report informing her that important Japanese transport was at Cheju, the main port on Quelpart Island. Under cover of darkness, Tirante approach her on the surface. In spite of possible enemy radar or patrolling planes or ships, she closed the coast and penetrated the mine- and shoal-obstructed waters within the ten-fathom curve line. Tirante then entered the harbor where she found three targets: two escort vessels and the 4000-ton Juzan Maru.
The submarine launched three torpedoes at the Maru. The explosion illuminated Tirante and alerted the Mikura-class escort vessel Nomi and Type C escort ship CD-31 which immediately got underway toward the submersible. As she headed back out to sea at flank speed, Tirante launched a spread of torpedoes that hit and destroyed both pursuers. En route to Midway Island, she captured two Japanese airmen (bringing her prisoner total to five) and concluded her first war patrol on 26 April.Tirante's performance earned Commander Street the Medal of Honor. Lieutenant Edward L. Beach, the executive officer—and later commander of during the submarine's submerged circumnavigation of the globe—received the Navy Cross. The ship, was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation.
Second and third war patrolsTirante departed from Midway Island on 20 May as command ship of the nine-boat "wolfpack" dubbed "Street's Sweepers". They patrolled the Yellow Sea and East China Sea on the lookout for enemy targets—by then dwindling in number. Tirante located a four-ship convoy on 11 June, in the familiar waters off Nagasaki. She evaded the three escorts long enough to get a shot at an 800-ton cargo freighter and pressed home a successful attack. Post-war Japanese records, though, did not confirm the hit.
The next day, Tirante pulled off a repeat performance of her hit-and-run raid at Cheju. She crept into Ha Shima harbor, some seven miles (11 km) from Nagasaki and picked out the 2200-ton Hakuju Maru moored alongside a colliery. From a range of , the submarine fired at the cargoman which exploded. The second "fish" failed to detonate, but the third completed the destruction. As shells from shore guns fell, Tirante bent on speed and cleared the area.
Resuming her patrols, Tirante and her sisters played havoc with shipping between Korea and Japan, destroying junks carrying supplies from Korea to the Japanese home islands. Boarding parties from the submarine would take off the captains for questioning, put the crew in lifeboats, and set fire to the craft . Tirante captured a dozen in this manner and destroyed two heavily armed picket boats with surface gunfire before returning to Guam on 19 July.Tirante departed Guam on 12 August on what would have been her third war patrol. The end of the war, however, ended the operation and the submarine put into Midway Island on 23 August. Eventually sailing for the east coast of the United States, Tirante moored at the Washington Navy Yard in October, at which time Commander Street received his Medal of Honor in a White House ceremony. Shifting to Staten Island, New York, on 31 October, the submarine remained there until moving to New London, Connecticut, on 8 January 1946. After conducting training operations out of New London, Connecticut, Tirante was decommissioned and placed in reserve on 6 July 1946 at her home port.
Post World War II and fate
Subsequently converted to greater underwater propulsive power (GUPPY IIA) configuration, Tirante was recommissioned on 26 November 1952, at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard. After conducting her shakedown to Bermuda and operating in the Atlantic as far north as Iceland, the submarine returned to the east coast of the United States to prepare for her first deployment with the Sixth Fleet.
In the ensuing two decades, Tirante conducted six more Mediterranean Sea deployments, interspersed with a regular schedule of exercises and maneuvers with Fleet units in the North Atlantic, off the east coast and in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico. The ship participated in joint exercises with NATO forces; sometimes served as a target for antisubmarine warfare exercises; and, on occasion, assisted the Fleet Sonar School at Key West, Florida, in the development of ASW tactics and weapons.
Decommissioned at Key West, Florida, on 1 October 1973, and struck from the Naval Vessel Register the same day, Tirante was sold on 11 April 1974 to Union Minerals and Alloys of New York, for scrapping.Tirante received two battle stars and a Presidential Unit Citation for her World War II service.
The Tirante is the subject of an episode of the syndicated television anthology series, The Silent Service'', which aired during the 1957-1958 season.
Notable crewmen
George L. Street III, Medal of Honor recipient and skipper
Edward L. Beach, Jr., author
Theo Marcuse, actor
Endicott Peabody, governor of Massachusetts
References
External links
Tench-class submarines
World War II submarines of the United States
Cold War submarines of the United States
Ships built in Kittery, Maine
1944 ships
Balázs Csiszér (born 3 March 1999) is a Romanian professional footballer of Hungarian ethnicity who plays as a defender for Liga II side FK Csíkszereda Miercurea Ciuc.
International career
He was member of the Székely Land squad that finished 3rd at 2017 ConIFA European Football Cup and 4th at the 2018 ConIFA World Football Cup respectively.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
FK Miercurea Ciuc
Liga III: 2018–19
Sepsi OSK
Cupa României runner-up: 2019–20
References
External links
Balázs Csiszér at lpf.ro
1999 births
Living people
People from Miercurea Ciuc
Romanian people of Hungarian descent
Romanian footballers
Romanian sportspeople of Hungarian descent
Association football defenders
Liga I players
Sepsi OSK Sfântu Gheorghe players
Liga II players
FK Miercurea Ciuc players
Nemzeti Bajnokság II players
Kaposvári Rákóczi FC players
Budafoki LC footballers
is a Japanese actor and voice actor.
Filmography
Television animation
Ristorante Paradiso (2009) – Gian Luigi Orsini (Gigi)
Mobile Suit Gundam AGE (2011) – Dian Fonroid, Zafar Rogue and others
Tiger & Bunny (2011) – Walter
Battle Spirits: Saikyou Ginga Ultimate Zero (2014) – Hansoro
One Piece (2019) - Toyama Tsujigiro
Original video animation
Mobile Suit Gundam: The Origin (2015) – Ramba Ral
Theatrical animation
Broken Blade (2011) – Kurozawa
Tokusatsu
Jyuken Sentai Gekiranger (2007) – Mythical Beast Cetus-Fist Gouyu (ep. 37, 45)
Fire Leon (2013) – Other Bio Wrestler (eps. 1 - 11, 13 - 16, 21 - 22)
Video games
Fire Emblem Fates (2015) – Benoît
Dragon Quest Heroes II (2016)
Soulcalibur V (2012) – Maxi
Soulcalibur VI (2018) – Maxi
Television dramas
Liar Game (2009) – Solario (voice)
Dubbing
Live-action
The Avengers – Thomas Roberts
Dollhouse – Paul Ballard (Tahmoh Penikett)
Don't Look Up – Dr. Teddy Oglethorpe (Rob Morgan)
Gulliver's Travels – Lilliputian Royal Guard (Harry Peacock)
The Mentalist – Agent Kimball Cho (Tim Kang)
Running Wild with Bear Grylls – Zachary Quinto
Star Trek – Spock (Zachary Quinto)
Star Trek Into Darkness – Spock (Zachary Quinto)
Star Trek Beyond – Spock (Zachary Quinto)
The Tudors – William Compton (Kris Holden-Ried)
Animation
Love, Death & Robots – Coulthard
References
External links
Official profile
1973 births
Japanese male video game actors
Japanese male voice actors
Living people
Male voice actors from Osaka Prefecture
21st-century Japanese male actors
Tokyo Actor's Consumer's Cooperative Society voice actors
Bungo Yoshida (May 3, 1934 – January 16, 2008) was a Japanese puppeteer, who built a whole new audience for the traditional puppetering form of bunraku by combining it with rock music.
Born as Teruo Takahashi in Moriguchi, Osaka in 1934, Yoshida was initiated into the Bunraku theatre as a disciple of Tamagoro Yoshida II in 1951, changing his name to Kotama Yoshida. For twenty years, he performed mostly female roles, until switching to male roles in the 1970s. Concerned by falling audience numbers and a lack of young people taking up bunraku, Yoshida combined the ancient art form with his love of rock music, which he combined for a 1980 adaptation of The Love Suicides at Sonezaki (Sonezaki Shinjū) with the music written and performed by Japanese rock musician Ryudo Uzaki, and occasionally with a live orchestra.
He was formerly married to the American television personality and essayist Edith Hanson. Yoshida died at his home in Osaka on January 16, 2008 after suffering from liver cancer.
References
External links
Yoshida Bungo, Global Performing Arts Database
1934 births
2008 deaths
Japanese puppeteers
Deaths from liver cancer
People from Moriguchi, Osaka
Deaths from cancer in Japan
Uskumruköy (literally mackerel village) is a village in Sarıyer intracity district of İstanbul Province, Turkey. It is situated at to the north of a forest named Balgrad ormanı which is one of the most popular excursion areas of İstanbul citizens. It is only west of Sarıyer and although administratively a village, it is actually a suburb of Greater İstanbul . The population of Uskumruköy is 4524 as of 2010.
The village is an old village and the ruins of an observation tower around the village was probably built by Republic of Genoa in the Middle Ages. During Ottoman Empire era the village was a gathering place of the army prior to campaigns to west. The economy of the village used to depend on cattle breeding and woodchopping. But at the present, most of the village area was bought by the construction companies and modern houses for İstanbul residents are being built. According to muhtar there are about 2500 villas in the village area. On the other hand, new European quarters of İstanbul are planned to be built in a vast area which covers Uskumruköy.
References
Villages in Istanbul Province
Sarıyer
John Anthony Bowden Cuddon (2 June 1928 – 12 March 1996), was an English author, dictionary writer, and school teacher. He is known best for his Dictionary of Literary Terms (published in several editions), described by the Times Educational Supplement as ‘scholarly, succinct, comprehensive and entertaining…an indispensable work of reference.' Cuddon also wrote The Macmillan Dictionary of Sport and Games, a two million-word account of most of the world's sports and games through history, as well as several novels, plays, travel books, and other published works. Cuddon's The Owl's Watchsong was a study of Istanbul.
Cuddon also edited two important anthologies of supernatural fiction - The Penguin Book of Ghost Stories and The Penguin Book of Horror Stories (both 1984).
In his distinguished teaching career at Emanuel School in London, England, he taught English. He also coached rugby and cricket.
Bibliography
Novels
A Multitude of Sins (1961)
Testament of Iscariot (1962)
The Acts of Darkness (1963)
The Six Wounds (1964)
The Bride of Battersea (1967)
Non-fiction
The Owl's Watchsong (1960)
The Companion Guide to Jugoslavia (1974)
A Dictionary of Literary Terms (1977)
The Macmillan Dictionary of Sport and Games (1980)
The Penguin Book of Ghost Stories (1984) (editor)
The Penguin Book of Horror Stories (1984) (editor)
References
External links
Obituary: The Independent, March 16, 1996.
Obituary: The Times, March 15, 1996.
Cuddon, J. A. (revised by C. E. Preston), Dictionary of Literary Terms & Literary Theory, 4th ed. .
1928 births
1996 deaths
English rugby union coaches
English writers
British writers
North Potrock Run is a long 1st order tributary to Cross Creek in Brooke County, West Virginia. This is the only stream of this name in the United States.
Variant names
According to the Geographic Names Information System, it has also been known historically as:
Conns Run
Course
North Potrock Run rises about 1 mile southeast of Mechling Hill, in Brooke County, West Virginia and then flows south-southwest to join Cross Creek about 1 mile east of Louise, West Virginia.
Watershed
North Potrock Run drains of area, receives about 40.1 in/year of precipitation, has a wetness index of 313.90, and is about 78% forested.
See also
List of Rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of West Virginia
Rivers of Brooke County, West Virginia
Alma was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales from 1894 to 1904, named after Alma, a locality in southern Broken Hill, now known as South Broken Hill.
Members for Alma
Josiah Thomas easily won the seat for at the 1894 election, was elected unopposed following year and increased his majority at the 1898 election. Thomas entered federal politics by the winning the seat of Barrier at the first Commonwealth election. William Williams succeeded Thomas after narrowing defeating Jabez Wright in the 1901 election.
See also
References
Alma
1894 establishments in Australia
1904 disestablishments in Australia
Alma
Alma
Mu Tunç (born August 21, 1986) is a Turkish director, writer, film producer, and actor. His directing work includes feature films, digital web-series, commercials, and music videos. Tunç received international recognition in 2018 for directing the teen drama Arada, which has been seen as one of the first punk films of Turkey.
Early life and education
Tunç was born in Istanbul, Turkey. His father, Altan Tunç, was a singer in the '70s. His brother Orkun Tunç (ex. member of Turkish punk band Rashit) is a musician and music producer who is one of the pioneer members of the first punk hardcore bands in Istanbul. He graduated from Design with an M.A. in Cinema.
Career
Advertising
Tunç began his career in digital advertisement and marketing before directing his feature films. After graduating from Design, Tunç started working on international digital agencies such as; McCann, and he led the creative process of some advertising and marketing campaigns, including brands like Coca-Cola, L'Oréal, MasterCard, Starbucks, and many other international brands.
Branding
Tunç also concentrated in the field of brand management. In 2012, he worked on the global streaming service company MUBI as a brand director and assisted them in developing their "one-film-per-day" subscription model. Tunç launched the LomoKino camera on Cannes Film Festival, which Apichatpong Weerasethakul shot an experimental short film titled Ashes with the camera. In 2016, Tunç worked with high-end streetwear brand Les Benjamins and assisted them in constructing their brand identity. He empowered them to present their Milan Menswear debut show Ottoman Punk in Milan Fashion Week together with former fashion editor of L'Uomo Vogue, Robert Rabensteiner. Vogue called the presentation an "unexpected highlight of the season."
Web series
Tunç began his directing career as an independent filmmaker in 2010 with his online series called Diary of Mu. The project portrays naturalistic conversations that happen in real places with artists and creators from all around the world. Tunç started the project in Paris and shot a variety of artists such as; André Saraiva, Roisin Murphy, Asia Argento, Melissa George, Francesco Carrozzoni, Tracey Emin, Dario Argento, and many more.
Feature films
Tunç made his feature film debut in 2018 with Arada, which he wrote and directed. The story set in 90's Istanbul and chronicles a young punk who decides to move to California in pursuit of a successful music career and sets on a journey through Istanbul's underworlds in search of a ticket. The film was based on Tunç's childhood years spent filming his brother's gigs and recording Istanbul's music subcultures.
Arada opened nationwide on April 13, 2018, in 81 theaters and premiered in international film festivals and museums. The film gained cult popularity by being one of the first punk films in Turkey. According to Joseph Pomp; "Arada offers a full-blown survey of the tensions between globalist liberalism and traditional values that, to this day, constitute the pulse of Istanbul."
Music videos
Tunç directed a variety of music videos for acclaimed artists from New York to London to Reykjavik to Tel Aviv. He directed a music video for Randall Dunn's first solo studio album titled Beloved for the song "A True Home", featuring as guest vocal Zola Jesus which premiered on NPR in 2018.
In 2019, Tunç worked with American musician Alex Toth (known from Brooklyn band Rubblebucket) and shot a music video for his song "When I Awoke," which influenced by Tarkovsky's sci-fi film Stalker. He worked with Israeli artist Liraz Charhi for her solo record and shot her music video for the song titled "Zan Bezan".
In 2020, Tunç directed a music video for acclaimed Icelandic singer Gyða Valtýsdóttir for the song "Í Annarri Vídd" from her solo album Evolution which premiered on Vogue Italia.
Influences
Tunç stated in his interviews that he influenced by; John Cassavetes, Michael Mann, F. W. Murnau, Nicholas Ray, Luis Buñuel, Kevin Smith, Spike Lee, and Richard Linklater and early 80's Los Angeles and Washington D.C. punk bands.
Accolades
Cinedays Skopje Film Festival: Winner Young Cinema Award (2018)
International Izmir Film Festival: Winner Special Award (2019)
Rome Independent Film Festival: Nominee RIFF Jury Award for Best Film (2018)
!f 17th Istanbul Independent Film Festival: Nominee !f New Audience Award (2018)
References
Further reading
Books
Özdemir, Gülçin, Berceste (2019) Türkiye'de Bağımsız Sinemaya Dair Tartışmalar Istanbul. Nobel Bilimsel Eserler .
External links
Mu Tunç on IMDb
MAD Museum of Arts & Design / New York - Global Punk Film Series
1986 births
Punk filmmakers
Mass media people from Istanbul
Living people
The Jodhpur–Bikaner Railway (JBR) was a metre gauge railway, jointly owned and operated by the Jodhpur State and Bikaner State until 1924 when the system was split between the newly formed Jodhpur State Railway and Bikaner State Railway.
History
The JBR had its beginnings as the Jodhpur Railway with the decision by Maharaja Jaswant Singh, to build a railway line from Bitoora to his capital city Jodhpur. Douglas Joscelyne, a British executive engineer, was posted from the Public Works Department to Rajputana for this work. The construction on metre gauge Bitoora–Pali section was commenced on 16 February 1881 and was completed on 28 February 1882. Bitoora became known as Marwar Junction with a connection to Bombay, Baroda and Central India Railway (BB&CIR) Rajputana Section between Ajmer and Palanpur that had opened in 1881.
Walter Home, who succeeded Joscelyne in April 1882, was deployed from the Public Works Department Railways Branch and appointed as Manager for the construction of the Jodhpur Railway and also in-charge of the Marwar State Public Works Department. He built the Jodhpur Railway over the ensuing 25 years. The first section of Jodhpur Railway from Marwar Junction to Pali was opened for traffic in 1882, extended Luni 1884 and reached Jodhpur in 1885 railways.
In 1887, a proposal was put forward for linking up Jodhpur with other important towns of the State like Nagaur and Makrana and with a possible rail link to Bikaner. Both of these were given due consideration in forming the expansion proposals of Jodhpur Railway. The outcome were agreements dated 13 and 30 July 1889, between the British Government, Maharaja of Jodhpur and Maharaja of Bikaner for the construction of a railway from Jodhpur to Bikaner. This agreement of 1889 was unique, in that, it was first of its kind in which two native rulers decided to co-operate and invest in an enterprise for the benefit of both and public at large. The title of Jodhpur Railway was then changed to Jodhpur Bikaner Railway (JBR). Walter Home, now the manager of JBR was promoted and placed in the list of superintending engineers.
In 1891, rapid progress was made in constructing the railway from Jodhpur to Bikaner, later extended to Bhatinda (1901-1902) where the JBR connected with the metre gauge section of the Bombay, Baroda and Central India Railway, and the Broad Gauge(BG) North Western and the Southern Punjab Railways. By 1906 the JBR was having operations over 828 miles in the territories of Sind (under British control) and in territories of the States of Jodhpur and Bikaner. In October 1906, Walter Home resigned. In 1924, the JBR was split into its two constituent parts, with two new systems, the Jodhpur and Bikaner State Railways, formed to work the lines.
Network
Jodhpur Section — 1918 grand total, 687 miles(1105 km).
Main Line, MG, 342 miles(550 km)
Kuchman Road-Jodhpur, opened 1891-93, 137 miles
Jodhpur- Luni Junction, opened 1885, 20 miles
Luni Junction-Balotra, opened 1887, 50 miles
Balotra-Barmer, opened 1899, 60 miles
Barmer-Marwar Frontier, opened 1900, 74 miles
Pachpadra Branch Line, MG, 10 miles(16 km)
Balotra-Pachpadra, opened 1887, 10 miles
Marwar Junction Extension Line, MG, 44 miles(71 km)
Luni Junction-Marwar Pali, opened 1884, 25 miles
Maewar Pali-Marwar Junction, opened 1882, 19 miles
Phalodi Branch Line, MG, 79 miles(127 km)
Jodhpur-Osian, opened 1913, 34 miles
Osian-Phalodi, opened 1914, 45 miles
Merta City Branch Line, MG, 19 miles(31 km)
Merta Road-Merta City, opened 1905, 19 miles
Bhagu Extension Line, MG, 59 miles(95 km)
Merta Road-Nagaur, opened 1891, 35 miles
Nagaur-Bhagu, opened 1891, 24 miles
Marwar Frontier Line, MG, 61 miles(98 km)
Degana-Marwar Frontier, opened 1909, 61 miles
Ladna Extension Line, MG, 5 miles(8 km)
Jaswantgarg-Ladna, opened 2015, 5 miles
Sanderao Extension Line, MG, 78 miles(125 km)
Marwar Junction-Sanderao, sanctioned for construction 1914, 78 miles
Bikaner Section — 1918 grand total, 630 miles(1013 km).
Main Line, MG, 249 miles(401 km)
Bhagu(Marwar Frontier)-Bikaner, opened 1891, 48 miles
Bikaner-Dumera, opened 1898, 42 miles
Dulmera-Suratgarh, opened 1901,71 miles
Suratgarh-Bhatinda, opened 1902, 88 miles
Hisar Extension Line, MG, 136 miles(219 km)
Marwar Frontier to Ratangarh, opened 1909-10, 30 miles
Ratangarh-Churu, opened 1910, 26 miles
Churu-Hisar, opened 1911, 80 miles
Bikaner-Ratangarh Chord Line, MG, 85 miles(137 km)
Bikaner-Ratangarh, opened 1912, 85 miles
Sardarshahr Extension Line, MG, 27 miles(43 km)
Hudera(2 miles from Ratangarh)- Sardarshahr, opened 1916, 27 miles
Hanumangarh-Sadupur Line, MG, 105 miles(169 km)
Hanumangarh-Sadupur, sanctioned for construction 1915, 105 miles
Bikaner-Kolayat Line, MG, 27 miles(43 km)
Bikaner-Kolayat, sanctioned for construction 1915, 27 miles
Other lines
Jodhpur–Hyderabad Railway (British Section) MG, 1918 grand total, 124 miles(200 km).
Hyderabad-Shadipali, opened 1892 as a broad gauge line; converted to MG in 1901, 56 miles. The section extended eastward from Shadalpi as far as Umarkot and was also known as the Hyderabad-Umarkot Railway.
Shadipali-Jodhpur Frontier, opened 1900, 68 miles.
Mirpur Khas–Jhudo Railway, MG, 50 miles(80 km). Owned, managed and maintained by JBR, worked as part of the JBR network
Jamro Junction-Jhudo, opened 1909, 50 miles.
Mirpur Khas–Khadro Railway, MG, 49 miles(79 km). Owned, managed and maintained by JBR, worked as part of the JBR network.
Mirpur Khas-Khadro, opened 1912, 49 miles.
Pipar Road–Ravi Light Railway, 2 ft/610mm narrow gauge(NG), 25 miles(40 km). Constructed as a steam tramway and initially worked by Jodhpur Durbar, taken over by JBR
Pipar Road-Bhavi, opened 1910, 19 miles
Bhavi-Bilara, opened 1912, 6 miles
Conversion to broad gauge
The network was converted to broad gauge progressively in the 2000s and 2010s.
References
Transport in Jodhpur
Transport in Bikaner
Defunct railway companies of India
Metre gauge railways in India
Rail transport in Rajasthan
Railway lines opened in 1882
History of Rajasthan
Erwin Koen (born 7 September 1978) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a striker. Most of his career he played in the 2. Bundesliga.
References
External links
Living people
1978 births
People from Den Helder
Dutch footballers
Dutch expatriate footballers
Association football fullbacks
FC Groningen players
Rot-Weiss Essen players
Alemannia Aachen players
SC Paderborn 07 players
SV Wehen Wiesbaden players
FC Gütersloh 2000 players
SC Telstar players
De Treffers players
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Footballers from North Holland
Let It Go is the solo mini album debut of South Korean singer Heo Young-saeng of boy band SS501. The EP of Korean-language songs was released on May 12, 2011 under B2M Entertainment and distributed by LOEN Entertainment. The album was released in Taiwan on July 1, 2011 under Warner Music Taiwan.
Background and development
Heo Young-saeng left SS501's former agency, DSP Media, in mid-2010 and signed with B2M Entertainment in October 2010, together with bandmate Kim Kyu-jong, to embark on his solo career. Both singers then held a joint fan meeting called Kyu Jong & Young Saeng Story In Seoul on December 4, which continued in Hong Kong, Japan, and other countries in Asia. During this tour, they both mentioned their plans to release their respective solo albums the following year.
Following Park Jung-min and Kim Hyung-jun of SS501, Heo was the third to debut as a solo artist after leaving his former agency in 2010. In April, B2M Entertainment announced that Heo's album release would be delayed due to an injury he sustained on his right hand during a dance practice. His plan to officially debut on April 28 and appear in his first solo performance on Mnet's M Countdown the same day was also postponed. Similarly, he appeared on SBS' Running Man only briefly instead of guest-starring on the show on May 8, 2011.
While still recovering from his injury, Heo decided to release a mini album on May 12. On May 4, B2M uploaded a 25-second music video teaser of Heo's upcoming title track, "Let It Go", on YouTube. A photo teaser was also released, showing a pale-colored image of Heo wearing a white polo shirt and black tie, using a motion blur to give the impression of movement.
Release and promotion
"There is no success if you settle for stereotypes (in music genre)" — Heo Young-saeng
On May 12, 2011, one week after the music video teaser release, Heo Young-saeng officially released his debut solo mini album, Let It Go. A 3-minute, 47-second music video of his dance song "Let It Go" was uploaded on YouTube the same day. Heo personally chose the mid-tempo dance song "Let It Go" as the title track for his debut album. As the main vocalist of SS501, he mostly sings ballads, and wanted to challenge himself and try new genres. The title track features Hyuna's rap, but new artist Park Ju-hyun (who was later revealed to be debuting as a Spica member under the same agency) was the one who appeared in the official music video and who performed Hyuna's rap parts on stage during Heo's live performances. Production costs for the music video, which filmed in Namyangju, reportedly reached USD$100,000.
Heo began promoting the album in South Korea right after its release. He did his first live performance on May 13 on KBS' Music Bank, followed by a May 19 appearance on Mnet's M Countdown, singing the tracks "Let It Go" and "Out The Club". He continued his promotional tour in South Korea until his last live performance on June 17 on KBS' Music Bank, in which he experienced a technical difficulty with his microphone in the beginning of his performance. A week later, he uploaded the 3-minute, 41-second music video of "Rainy Heart" on YouTube.
During this time, Heo signed with Warner Music Taiwan, along with Kim Hyun-joong, another SS501 band member who had recently debuted as a solo artist with the release of Break Down. Heo then scheduled promotional tours in Taiwan with the release of his mini album in that country under the Warner label. He also appeared in Japan in November alongside Kim Kyu-jong, who released a solo mini-album debut titled Turn Me On in September. Both Heo and Kim performed their respective songs on Mnet Japan's JJ Studio, accompanied by Kim Tae-woo.
Chart performance
Let It Go peaked at number one on Gaon Album Chart during the first week of its release, starting on May 8, 2011, and reached 45th on Gaon Yearly Album Charts for 2011.
The "Let It Go" single landed at number 31 on Gaon Single Chart during the first week of its release, starting on May 8, and rose to 19th place in its second week. The single remained among the top 100 singles for nine weeks.
Tracks
The album contains four songs and an instrumental version of the title track, "Let It Go". Produced by the Sweetune team, the album features rap by Hyuna of girl group 4Minute, Tae Wan, and Kim Kyu-jong of SS501. The mid-tempo dance track, which describes men's and women's different feelings, is composed by SweetTune's team and written by Song Soo-yoon. The other three songs, including the fast-paced "Out The Club" and "I'm Broken", and the R&B track "Rainy Heart", were written by Heo.
Track listing
Music videos
"Let It Go"
"Rainy Heart"
Release history
Charts
Album charts
Single charts
Notes
References
External links
B2M Entertainment official YouTube channel
"Let It Go" official music video
"Rainy Heart" official music video
"Let It Go" music video teaser
2011 debut EPs
SS501 albums
Kakao M EPs
Warner Music Taiwan EPs
National Highway 1 or National Road No.1 (10001) is one of the national highways of Cambodia. With a length of , it connects the capital of Phnom Penh, through Prey Veng Province, with Bavet, Svay Rieng Province on the border with Vietnam, and continues in Vietnam as the QL22 Highway to Ho Chi Minh City in the south east. In Phnom Penh the road converges with National Highway 2 near Monivong Bridge and National Highway 5 at Stat Chas Circle Garden, near the French Embassy.
History
Originally constructed during French colonial times, National Highway 1 is an important link from Phnom Penh to Ho Chi Minh City, formerly Saigon. The road was partly destroyed by carpet bombing by the US in the early 1970s. In 1981, Cambodia opened a newly repaired section of National Highway 1 to the Vietnamese border.
In April 2015, Tsubasa Bridge (also known as the Neak Loeung Bridge), a 2.2 km cable-stayed bridge with a single carriageway road, was opened replacing the ferry crossing service which was required to cross the Mekong River on National Road 1. It remains the longest bridge across the Mekong River in Cambodia. The bridge was built with assistance from the Japanese government totaling approximately $127 million US dollars.
Route
The NH 1 starts in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, where it joins the National Highway 5 at Stat Chas Circle Garden, near the French Embassy. In the city it crosses National Highway 2, which leads south. The road crosses the Bassac River via a double bridge. There is a three-lane section here, the rest of the route is single-lane. The NH 1 then runs southeast and parallels the Mekong. At Neak Loeung it crosses the Mekong over the Tsubasa Bridge into Prey Veng Province.
The second part goes through the plains of southeastern Cambodia. The route is mostly lined with smaller villages, with the exception of the small town of Svay Rieng. The road ends at the Border Check Point in Bavel, Svay Rieng Province, and on the Vietnamese side, it continues as the QL22 highway to Ho Chi Minh City.
Images
References
AH1
Roads in Cambodia
Transport in Phnom Penh
Buildings and structures in Prey Veng province
Svay Rieng province
Oleum (Latin oleum, meaning oil), or fuming sulfuric acid, is a term referring to solutions of various compositions of sulfur trioxide in sulfuric acid, or sometimes more specifically to disulfuric acid (also known as pyrosulfuric acid). Oleum is identified by the CAS number 8014-95-7 (EC/List number: 616-954-1 ; ECHA InfoCard: 100.116.872).
Oleums can be described by the formula ySO3·H2O where y is the total molar mass of sulfur trioxide content. The value of y can be varied, to include different oleums. They can also be described by the formula H2SO4·xSO3 where x is now defined as the molar free sulfur trioxide content. Oleum is generally assessed according to the free SO3 content by mass. It can also be expressed as a percentage of sulfuric acid strength; for oleum concentrations, that would be over 100%. For example, 10% oleum can also be expressed as H2SO4·0.13611SO3, 1.13611SO3·H2O or 102.25% sulfuric acid. The conversion between % acid and % oleum is: % acid = 100 + 18/80 × % oleum
For x = 1 and y = 2 the empirical formula H2S2O7 for disulfuric (pyrosulfuric) acid is obtained. Pure disulfuric acid is a solid at room temperature, melting at 36 °C and rarely used either in the laboratory or industrial processes.
Production
Oleum is produced in the contact process, where sulfur is oxidized to sulfur trioxide which is subsequently dissolved in concentrated sulfuric acid. Sulfuric acid itself is regenerated by dilution of part of the oleum.
The lead chamber process for sulfuric acid production was abandoned, partly because it could not produce sulfur trioxide or concentrated sulfuric acid directly due to corrosion of the lead, and absorption of NO2 gas. Until this process was made obsolete by the contact process, oleum had to be obtained through indirect methods. Historically, the biggest production of oleum came from the distillation of iron sulfates at Nordhausen, from which the historical name Nordhausen sulfuric acid is derived.
Applications
Sulfuric acid production
Oleum is an important intermediate in the manufacture of sulfuric acid due to its high enthalpy of hydration. When SO3 is added to water, rather than dissolving, it tends to form a fine mist of sulfuric acid, which is difficult to manage. However, SO3 added to concentrated sulfuric acid readily dissolves, forming oleum which can then be diluted with water to produce additional concentrated sulfuric acid.
As an intermediate for transportation
Oleum is a useful form for transporting sulfuric acid compounds, typically in rail tank cars, between oil refineries (which produce various sulfur compounds as a byproduct of refining) and industrial consumers.
Certain compositions of oleum are solid at room temperature, and thus are safer to ship than as a liquid. Solid oleum can be converted into liquid at the destination by steam heating or dilution or concentration. This requires care to prevent overheating and evaporation of sulfur trioxide. To extract it from a tank car requires careful heating using steam conduits inside the tank car. Great care must be taken to avoid overheating, as this can increase the pressure in the tank car beyond the tank's safety valve limit.
In addition, oleum is less corrosive to metals than sulfuric acid, because there is no free water to attack surfaces. Because of that, sulfuric acid is sometimes concentrated to oleum for in-plant pipelines and then diluted back to acid for use in industrial reactions.
In Richmond, California in 1993 a significant release occurred due to overheating, causing a release of sulfur trioxide that absorbed moisture from the atmosphere, creating a mist of micrometre-sized sulfuric acid particles that formed an inhalation health hazard. This mist spread over a wide area.
Organic chemistry research
Oleum is a harsh reagent, and is highly corrosive. One important use of oleum as a reagent is the secondary nitration of nitrobenzene. The first nitration can occur with nitric acid in sulfuric acid, but this deactivates the ring towards further electrophilic substitution. A stronger reagent, oleum, is needed to introduce the second nitro group onto the aromatic ring.
Explosives manufacture
Oleum is used in the manufacture of many explosives with the notable exception of nitrocellulose. (In modern manufacturing of nitrocellulose, the H2SO4 concentration is often adjusted using oleum.) The chemical requirements for explosives manufacture often require anhydrous mixtures containing nitric acid and sulfuric acid. Ordinary commercial grade nitric acid consists of the constant boiling azeotrope of nitric acid and water, and contains 68% nitric acid. Mixtures of ordinary nitric acid in sulfuric acid therefore contain substantial amounts of water and are unsuitable for processes such as those that occur in the manufacture of trinitrotoluene.
The synthesis of RDX and certain other explosives does not require oleum.
Anhydrous nitric acid, referred to as white fuming nitric acid, can be used to prepare water-free nitration mixtures, and this method is used in laboratory scale operations where the cost of material is not of primary importance. Fuming nitric acid is hazardous to handle and transport, because it is extremely corrosive and volatile. For industrial use, such strong nitration mixtures are prepared by mixing oleum with ordinary commercial nitric acid so that the free sulfur trioxide in the oleum consumes the water in the nitric acid.
Reactions
Like concentrated sulfuric acid, oleum is such a strong dehydrating agent that if poured onto powdered glucose, or virtually any other sugar, it will draw the hydrogen elements of water out of the sugar in an exothermic reaction, leaving a residue of nearly pure carbon as a solid. This carbon expands outward, hardening as a solid black substance with gas bubbles in it.
References
Sulfates
Sulfur oxoacids
Acids
Mount Hopeful is a peak standing north of the head of King George Bay and 1.5 nautical miles southeast of Rea Peak on King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1960 for the Enderby Brothers' schooner Hopeful (Captain Henry Rea), which sailed from London in 1833 in company with the tender Rose in order to continue John Biscoe's Antarctic researches. The Antarctic voyage was abandoned after the Rose had been crushed in the pack ice at in December 1833 or January 1834.
References
Mountains of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
Manuel Canaveris (1787– c. 1825) was an Argentine army officer, who took part in the defense and reconquest of Buenos Aires during the English Invasions. He served under Colonel Ignacio Álvarez Thomas in the 4th Regiment of Buenos Aires, participating in the Campaigns to the Interior of the Provinces of 1810.
He also served in the garrison of the city as 2nd Lieutenant of the 7th Battalion of Fusiliers of the 2nd Regiment of Patricians. He and his family had an active participation during the British invasions of the River Plate and May Revolution. His father was one of the neighbors who attended the Open Cabildo of May 22, 1810.
He was the only member of the Canaveris Esparza family to dedicate himself entirely to the militia. His sons were linked to families Blanco, Ferrer, Michelena, Pelliza and Torres, outstanding soldiers who served during the Argentine War of Independence.
Biography
He was born on September 15, 1787 in Buenos Aires, and was baptized the next day in the Metropolitan Cathedral by the presbyter Juan Antonio Delgado as Josse Manuel Cornelio Ramón Jugluns de Canaverys, being his godmother Juana Fonelo, belonging to a family from Cádiz. He was the eighth son of Juan Canaveris and Bernarda Catalina de Esparza. His family consisted of six brothers and six women, born between 1773 and 1797. They lived in a house located in the neighborhood of San Nicolás.
Manuel Canaveris probably did his studies in the Real Colegio de San Carlos, the main educational establishment of the city. Some time later he and his brothers began to work as accounting employees of the Court of Accounts of Buenos Aires, where his father performed administrative functions.
Like other members of his mother's family, Manuel served in the military. His mother's ancestors include Captains Miguel Gerónimo Esparza, Francisco de Salas Reynoso, Pedro Morales y Mercado and Gonzalo Carbajal, who served as General and Lieutenant Governor of Santa Fe.
Manuel Canaveris and his brothers Mariano, Joaquín and José were members of the volunteer militias, for defense of Buenos Aires during the British invasions of the Río de la Plata 1806–1807. In the second British invasion Manuel Canaveris, had served in Tercio de Cántabros Montañeses, Mariano Canaveris served in Húsares of Pueyrredón, José Canaveris in the Quinteros y Labradores, and Joaquín Canaveris in the Tercio de Vizcaínos, formed by volunteers of Basque origin.
The Tercio de Cántabros Montañeses, also known as Tercio of Montañeses, had been created on September 18, 1806, and counted as chiefs José de la Oyuela and Pedro Andrés García, belonging to illustrious families of the city. At the beginning of the English invasions the battalion had 4 companies, with 261 troops. During the second invasion the British commanders Robert Craufurd and Denis Pack, were defeated by Creole regiments of Montañeses and Patricios in the Convent of Santo Domingo.
His father participated in the secret meetings of the neighbors during the British domination of Buenos Aires, and also contributed money to cover the expenses of the Spanish militias of the city. His brother Jose Canaveris, a well-known city lawyer, was awarded with the degree of Captain, by the Junta Suprema of Seville for his heroic actions during the English invasions.
Unlike his brothers, who were lawyers and teachers, he devoted himself entirely to the military career. Between 1809 and 1810, Canaveris was Sub-lieutenant Abanderado in the 4th Regiment of Infantry, formed by members of the "Tercio de Cántabros Montañeses" and Tercio de Andaluces. The Cántabros regiment was one of the units held by Viceroy Liniers, who repressed the rebels during Mutiny of Álzaga. Canaveris served in the same regiment during the events of May 1810, and took part in the early years of the struggle for Independence in Argentina.
Manuel Canaveris was promoted to Lieutenant of the 4th Regiment by order of the Primera Junta, on August 3, 1810. He served under the orders of the Colonels José Merelo and Ignacio Álvarez Thomas, and took part in the donations to finance the First Upper Peru campaign in 1810.
As several members of the local aristocracy and bourgeoisie, he participated in the recruitment of slaves to enlist them in the revolutionary armies. In 1810 he rescued a freedman named Raimundo, probably to be enlisted in the Regimiento de Castas, a military unit of freedmen recruited in Buenos Aires.
In 1811 he obtains permission to marry his fiancee, Dona Maria de Los Angeles Rodriguez Calderon de la Barca, after an extensive trial against his father.
He possibly took part in the Liberating Expeditions to the Banda Oriental, during the military campaigns of the 4° Regiment against the Spanish troops in Montevideo.
In 1812, Manuel Canaveris was commissioned to serve as 2nd lieutenant in the 7th Fusilier Company of 2nd Patrician Regiment, participating in the campaigns to the north under the command of Colonel Francisco Ortiz de Ocampo. Several regiments of Buenos Aires, including the riflemen of Patricians used the Brown Bess muskets, (known as "tower") which had been seized from the English invaders.
Manuel Canaveris was retired from the Army at the age of 24 years, on January 17, 1812. He had served for six years, including his four years of service as Commander in the 2° Batallón del Regimiento N° 4 de Infantería of Buenos Aires, and in the 7° Compañía de Fusileros del Regimiento N°2 de Patricios.
His family logistically supported the emancipation of the Argentine Republic. His brother Joaquín Canaveris participated in the donations for the regorganization of the Army of the North, and his brother José Canaveris, provided services in the Honorable Junta de Observacion, and the Comisaria General de Guerra of the United Provinces of the Rio de la Plata.
After the Argentine Declaration of Independence, Manuel Canaveris devoted himself entirely to commerce and agriculture. He owned a small ranch, probably located in Barracas or Balvanera. He died in 1824 or 1825, his wife is registered as a widow in the 1827 Census in Buenos Aires. His widow received financial help from his nephew Juan Manuel Canaveris, in charge of the maintenance of the minor children. All his sons received the corresponding part of the will from their grandmother Catalina Bernarda Esparza, which included the paternal houses of the Canaveris Esparza family, located in the San Nicolás neighborhood.
His wife was assisted (signature upon request) in the succession procedures of Mrs. Esparza by Hilario Amoedo (father of Sinforoso Amoedo), Rafael Canavery (uncle of Tomás Canavery), Marcos Rincón and José Halliburton Wright, the son of Jorge Halliburton. His sister María Antonia Canaveri was assisted in identical circumstances by his son Apolinario Linera and Juan Andrés Mayer, a former midshipman of the Royal Navy, married in Buenos Aires to Dolores Posadas, and father of Edelmiro and Federico Mayer.
Family
Manuel Canaveris, married at parish church Nuestra Señora de Montserrat on April 24, 1811, with María de los Ángeles Rodríguez, daughter of Basilio Rodríguez Rubio and Anselma Calderón de la Barca. His wedding was officiated by Juan Nepomuceno Solá, a personal friend of the family. He and his wife were parents of Sinforoso, Antonino, María Juana, Eustaquio, Serapio, Rufino, Vicente and Ruperta Canaveris.
His mother-in-law María Anselma Calderón de la Barca, was the daughter of Joseph Antonio Calderón and Margarita Taborda, a family from San Isidro and Buenos Aires, linked in turn to Creole families of Carmen de Areco, Exaltación de la Cruz and Rosario, Santa Fe. She died in 1829 in Buenos Aires, being buried in the Cementerio del Norte.
His wife's family was related to the family of Francisco Cuitiño, born in Mendoza, and Ramona Barbosa, in turn related to Jaime Darquier and Dolores Almagro, a distinguished woman, daughter of Juan María de Almagro y de la Torre and Ana Manuela de Arroyo y Pinedo, belonging to the main patrician families of Buenos Aires.
His sister-in-law Lucrecia Calderón de la Barca, was married in first nuptials with Tadeo Chavarría, belonging by maternal line to López Camelo families. His cousin-in-law, Mariano García Calderón served in the 2nd Compañía de Cazadores of the Regimiento Infantería de Patricios, taking an active part during the first Argentine Emancipatory stage.
It is not possible to establish reliably to which branch of the Calderón de la Barca belonged the wife of Manuel Canaveris, but possibly her grandfather was the same José Antonio Calderón de la Barca, born in Cádiz, who is a widower of Margarita Taborda, was married in the Parish of Inmaculada Concepción of Tigre to Juana Ponte de Lima. It is also possible that she was a descendant of Juan Calderón de la Barca, married in 1704 in Córdoba with Catalina de Cabrera, daughter of Pedro Luis de Cabrera y Saavedra and Teresa Carranza y Cabrera, belonging to families of Creole lineages.
Towards the beginning of 1810, his wife Doña María de los Ángeles Rodríguez y Calderón de la Barca took a legal action against the father of her fiancé Don Juan de Canaveris for denying her consent to marry him. This trial was carried out by the Notary Mayor of Government José Ramón Basavilbaso, and included among other witnesses Don Miguel de Azcuenaga.
Most of the children of Manuel Canaveris were linked to military families. His son, Sinforoso Canaveri Rodríguez served as lieutenant in the Batallón de Voluntarios Rebajados of Buenos Aires, under the command of Colonel Joaquín María Ramiro. His sixth child Rufino Canaveris, was married in the first nuptials with Cirila Borda, daughter of Vicente Borda, a Lieutenant who served in the Regimiento de Artillería Volante.
His son-in-law Juan Ángel Michelena, was an officer of the Argentine army, who reached the rank of lieutenant colonel in 1852. He took an active part in the
Liberating Expedition of Peru, participating in the Battle of Torata and Battle of Moquegua, where he was taken prisoner.
Manuel Canaveris was also related to Francisco Pelliza, a patriot who served under Manuel Belgrano in the Army of the North.
In 1879, Colonel Tomás O'Gorman attended as godfather at the wedding of his great-granddaughter María Luisa Canaveri with Sergeant Major Damián Vera, a military man who participated in the War of the Triple Alliance.
Camilo Alejo Canavery, a great-grandson of Manuel Canaveris, was a lawyer who joined the rebel forces of the Civic Union during the Revolution of the Park. He served as attorney of José Camilo Crotto, governor of Buenos Aires Province between 1918 and 1921.
Like his ancestors, Manuel Canaveri 's family were fervent Christians. Most of his children and grandchildren were married or baptized in the Parish of Monserrat, including Guillermo Canavery, born on June 25, 1861 and baptized with that name in honor of Guillaume de Verceil. His great-grandson, Virginio Canaveris was baptized on November 8, 1867, in the Parroquia Nuestra Señora de la Piedad, being his godson Manuel Terry Marmol, belonging to the Terry family.
A few branches of their descendants were established or born in the neighborhoods of San Cristóbal, Vélez Sársfield, Nueva Chicago and Nueva Pompeya, but also in rural areas like Lincoln and Olavarría, place where a street with its surname is located. His last distinguished branches of his paternal lineage were the Canaveris Trillo, Canaveris Panelo, Canavery Flores, Canavery Andrade, Canavery de Alvarado Périchon and the marriage of his great-grandson Saturnino Canaveri with Carmen Canavery, daughter of Adolfo Canavery and Carmen Martinez.
Manuel Canaveris was registered in the Gazeta de Buenos Aires of August 16, 1810. His grandchildren and nephews are cited in the historical novel Amalia, written by José Mármol.
References
External links
Gazeta de Buenos Aires – archive.org
Registro nacional 1810/1821 – Digital Library
Bautismos 1775-1791
Matrimonios 1769-1825
Tomas de razón de despachos militares
1786 births
1825 deaths
Argentine people of French descent
Argentine people of Italian descent
Argentine people of Basque descent
Argentine people of Portuguese descent
Argentine people of Spanish descent
Argentine people of Irish descent
Argentine people of Ligurian descent
People from Buenos Aires
Argentine Army officers
People of the Argentine War of Independence
People of Piedmontese descent
Aline, reine de Golconde (‘Aline, Queen of Golconda') is an opera (ballet-héroïque) in three acts by Pierre-Alexandre Monsigny to a libretto by Michel-Jean Sedaine based on a story by Stanislas-Jean de Boufflers. It was first performed in the Salle des Machines in Paris on 15 April 1766.
Action
The action takes place in India, where queen Aline recognises the newly arrived ambassador Saint Phar as her long lost lover from a time when she was a mere peasant girl. She disguises herself as a shepherdess and meets Saint Phar before leaving him again to test his love. Resuming her role as queen, she offers herself in marriage to Saint Phar, who declines because he loves the shepherdess. The true identity of the shepherdess is then revealed, and the lovers reunited.
Reception
Although Monsigny had previously written light operas, Aline was his first and only grand opera. The Journal historique gave the work a damning review, saying that Sédaine's libretto lacked the gaiety of the original work and turned it into a dreary and trivial pastoral, while Montigny's music destroyed the prosody of the verse and merely enhanced its dullness.
Nevertheless, the work was popular and a revised version was staged in Paris in 1779. L'esprit des journaux, francais et etrangers commented that the first version had been updated in the light of changes to public taste and the styles made popular by Christoph Willibald Gluck. The music was full of pleasant tunes, but the recitatives, now all accompanied rather than “secco” as before, were too heavy for a pastoral and the public felt that the dances were too long.
Monsigny's later work Le déserteur (1769) was enormously popular and rapidly eclipsed Aline, which did not remain in the repertoire of the Opéra-Comique.
The opera was translated and performed in many European cities: Brussels (1774); Liège (1783); Berlin (German translation by FLW Meyer (de) 1782); London (Italian translation by A. Andrei, 1784); and Moscow (Russian translation, 1793). A parody appeared in 1768 under the title Nanine, Sœur de lait de la reine de Golconde.
Later works
In 1787, Johann Abraham Peter Schulz composed new music to a translated version of the French libretto. In 1803 a different work with the same name premiered at the Opéra-Comique in Paris, with a libretto by Jean-Baptiste-Charles Vial and Etienne Guillaume François de Favières and music by Henri-Montan Berton. Gaetano Donizetti wrote his opera Alina, regina di Golconda on the same theme, using an Italian translation of the same libretto.
References
External links
digital copy of score
digital copy of libretto
digital copies of costume designs for the first production
Operas by Pierre-Alexandre Monsigny
French-language operas
1766 operas
Operas
Operas set in India
Opéras-ballets
Monument Creek is a tributary of Spring Brook in Luzerne County and Lackawanna County, in Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Pittston Township in Luzerne County and Spring Brook Township. The creek is considered to be a High-Quality Coldwater Fishery. It has one named tributary, which is known as Trout Creek. The surficial geology in the vicinity of Monument Creek consists of bedrock, Wisconsinan Till, alluvium, Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift, and fill.
Course
Monument Creek begins in a lake in Pittston Township, Luzerne County. It flows north-northeast for nearly a mile before passing through another pond and turning north. After a few tenths of a mile, it turns north-northeast again and exits Luzerne County. Upon exiting Luzerne County, the creek enters Spring Brook Township, Lackawanna County. It continues flowing north-northeast in a deep valley and re-enters Pittston Township, Luzerne County. It then turns northeast for a few tenths of a mile before turning north-northwest for several tenths of a mile, receiving the tributary Trout Creek from the right and crossing Pennsylvania Route 502 before reaching its confluence with Spring Brook.
Trbituaries
Monument Creek has one named tributary, which is known as Trout Creek.
Geography and geology
The elevation near the mouth of Monument Creek is above sea level. The elevation near the source of the creek is between above sea level.
The surficial geology in the vicinity of the lower reaches of Monument Creek mainly consists of alluvium and Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift. However, a glacial or resedimented till known as Wisconsinan Till is also present, as is bedrock consisting of conglomerate, sandstone, and shale. Further upstream, the surficial geology consists almost entirely of Wisconsinan Till and bedrock, but some fill is present as well. Near the headwaters, there are also small patches of alluvium and Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift, as well as one lake.
At one point, Monument Creek flows through an embankment with a depth of approximately . A 36-inch (0.9-meter) water main has crossed Monument Creek, elevated at a height of above the creek. Mount Pisgah is in the watershed of the creek.
Watershed
Monument Creek is entirely within the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Avoca. The creek is situated approximately from the community of Avoca.
History
Monument Creek was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2, 1979. Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1199184.
In the late 1800s, the water tank of the Wilkes-Barre and Eastern Railroad was located near Monument Creek.
The Pennsylvania American Water Company has a permit for encroachment to modify or maintain an aerial utility line that crosses Monument Creek in Pittston Township, Luzerne County. They also have a permit to repair of the creek's streambank and install riprap.
Biology
Monument Creek is considered to be a High-Quality Coldwater Fishery.
See also
Covey Swamp Creek, next tributary of Spring Brook going downstream
Green Run (Spring Brook), next tributary of Spring Brook going upstream
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
List of tributaries of the Lackawanna River
References
External links
Google Street View image of Monument Creek
Another Google Street View image of Monument Creek
Rivers of Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
Rivers of Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Spring Brook (Lackawanna River)
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Wilhelm Crinius (2 December 1920 – 26 April 1997) was a Luftwaffe fighter ace during World War II. A flying ace or fighter ace is a military aviator credited with shooting down five or more enemy aircraft during aerial combat. Crinius is credited with 114 aerial victories claimed in approximately 400 combat missions. He recorded 100 victories over the Eastern Front. Of his 14 victories claimed over the Western Front, one was a four-engined bomber. On 23 September 1942, Crinius became the only German fighter pilot to be awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves simultaneously.
Early life and career
Wilhelm Crinius was born in Hohenhausen, Kalletal on 2 December 1920. His father, also named Wilhelm, was a master craftsman and house painter and decorator, his mother née Tölle. Crinius attended the Volksschule, a primary school, in Hohenhausen from 1927 until 1935. In 1935 he started his merchant apprenticeship at the savings and loans bank in Hohenhausen. Parallel to his apprenticeship, he attended the vocational school. He worked at the saving and loans bank in Hohenhausen as an employee from Easter 1938 until November 1938.
In the summer of 1939, Crinus served in the compulsory labour service (Reichsarbeitsdienst), working in an construction unit on the Westwall, a fortified defensive line on Germany's western border. In January 1940, Crinius joined the Luftwaffe and was trained as a pilot.
World War II
In February 1942, Gefreiter (lance corporal) Crinius was posted to 3. Staffel (3rd squadron) of Jagdgeschwader 53 (JG 53—53rd Fighter Wing) based in Sicily. In March and April 1942, he flew 60 missions over Malta. On 1 April, he was promoted to Unteroffizier (non-commissioned officer). In May 1942, I./JG 53 was transferred to the Eastern Front near Kursk. Crinius achieved his first victories on 9 June when he shot down two Il-2 Sturmoviks. On 8 July, Crinius shot down two Douglas Boston bombers west of Voronezh, although his aircraft was hit by Russian anti-aircraft fire and he was forced to belly-land his Messerschmitt Bf 109 F-4 (Werknummer 10243—factory number) between the enemy lines, where he was rescued by a German patrol and safely returned to his unit.
In July 1942, I./JG 53 was sent to the southern sector of the Eastern Front, where Crinius claimed his 15th kill on 1 August. He claimed his 24th victory on 11 August 1942. The next day I./JG 53 relocated from Bereska to Tusov, closer to the front and Crinius shot down three Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-3s, bringing his total to 27 victories. Crinius recorded his 49th victory on 27 August which was also the 1,000th victory for I. Gruppe (1st group) of JG 53. After his 55th victory on 1 September he was promoted to Feldwebel (Sergeant). Hereafter Crinius was particularly successful, claiming some 40 victories in August and 46 victories in the timeframe 1–22 September, including his 100th on 22 September. He was the 22nd Luftwaffe pilot to achieve the century mark.
Together with Friedrich-Karl Müller, Crinius received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves () on 23 September 1942. He was the 127th member of the German armed forces to be so honored. The presentation was made by Adolf Hitler in October at the Führerhauptquartier Werwolf, Hitler's headquarters located in a pine forest about north of Vinnytsia, in Ukraine. Three other Luftwaffe officers were presented with the Oak Leaves that day by Hitler, Oberleutnant Müller, Oberleutnant Wolfgang Tonne and Leutant Hans Beißwenger. Crinius was promoted to Leutnant der Reserve (second lieutenant of the reserves) on 1 October 1942. Following the presentation, Müller, Tonne and Crinius were ordered to Berlin where they made a propaganda appearance at the "House of the Press".
In November 1942, Crinius relocated with I./JG 53 to Tunisia. In Africa, Crinius claimed another 14 victories, including a B-17 Flying Fortress on 26 December 1942 over Bizerte. On 13 January 1943, he engaged in aerial combat with Royal Air Force (RAF) Supermarine Spitfire fighters near El Kala, Crinius' aircraft was hit and he was wounded in the thigh. Breaking off combat, he headed for his base but his engine then caught fire. He ditched his damaged Bf 109 G-2 (Werknummer 10805) in the sea. He spent 24 hours in the water before being rescued by French sailors and Arabs. After hospitalisation for his wounds, Crinius became a prisoner of war.
Later life
After World War II, Wilhelm Crinius worked in private industry, serving as a director in the German branch of the Dutch Philips GmbH. He was appointed chairman of the board of directors of the Ernst Düllmann GmbH in 1971. On 18 June 1989, as a pensioner, Crinius ran for the European Parliament in Hesse as candidate for the right-wing German People's Union (Deutsche Volksunion). He died on 26 April 1997 in Stuhr-Fahrenhorst, Lower Saxony.
Summary of career
Aerial victory claims
According to US historian David T. Zabecki, Crinius was credited with 114 aerial victories. Matthews and Foreman, authors of Luftwaffe Aces — Biographies and Victory Claims, researched the German Federal Archives and found records for 114 aerial victory claims. This figure includes 100 aerial victories on the Eastern Front and 14 over the Western Allies, including one four-engined bomber.
Victory claims were logged to a map-reference (PQ = Planquadrat), for example "PQ 39242". The Luftwaffe grid map () covered all of Europe, western Russia and North Africa and was composed of rectangles measuring 15 minutes of latitude by 30 minutes of longitude, an area of about . These sectors were then subdivided into 36 smaller units to give a location area 3 × 4 km in size.
Awards
Front Flying Clasp of the Luftwaffe for Fighter Pilots in Gold
Bronze (30 March 1942)
Silver (29 April 1942)
Gold (18 August 1942)
Iron Cross (1939)
2nd class (19 June 1941)
1st class (20 July 1941)
Ehrenpokal der Luftwaffe on 13 September 1942 as Unteroffizier and pilot
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
Knight's Cross on 23 September 1942 and Feldwebel and pilot in the 3./Jagdgeschwader 53
127th Oak Leaves on 23 September 1942 and Feldwebel and pilot in the 3./Jagdgeschwader 53
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
Weal, John (2001). Aces of the Russian Front. Oxford: Osprey Publishing Limited. .
Weal, John (2007). Jagdgeschwader 53 'Pik-As'. Osprey Publishing. .
1920 births
1997 deaths
German World War II flying aces
People from Lippe
Luftwaffe pilots
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
German prisoners of war in World War II held by France
Reich Labour Service members
Military personnel from North Rhine-Westphalia
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1972 season.
Overview
It was contested by 6 teams, and KÍ Klaksvík won the championship.
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Pilot Colonel Jacinto Rodríguez Díaz (Totonicapán, 16 August 1901 – Guatemala City, 28 September 1929) was one of the aviation pioneers in Guatemala.
Biography
Rodríguez Díaz attended the military school, where he graduated as infantry second lieutenant, and then was assigned to the Presidential Army Staff of Manuel Estrada Cabrera. A few years later, travelled to the United States to attend the aviation school in that country. Along with Miguel García Granados Solís, Óscar Morales López and Ricardo "Chato" Rodas were the aviation pioneers in Guatemala when they collected funds to buy the first airplane in the country, which they christened with the name "Central America".
First airline service in Guatemala
In 1929, Guatemalan military aviators – led by Colonel Miguel García Granados Solís – had been able to set up a modest airline service in the country using three Ryan Brougham B-5 single engine planes that they used to transport mail and cargo to the farthest posts in Guatemala. Rodríguez Díaz flew to El Petén, a region that due to its remote location, it was much easier to reach El Petén by plane than by land. Rodríguez Díaz landed in Santa Elena on 20 Jul 1929, San Francisco in two occasions and La Libertad also in 1929. The first plane to land La Libertad was piloted by coronel Miguel García-Granados Solís -grandchild of former president Miguel García Granados- in 1926, followed by a visit of the famous American pilot Charles Lindbergh and Rodríguez Díaz was the third to land there in 1929.
But this pioneering service did not last very long: Rodríguez Díaz died in September 1929 in an air crash in Guatemala City, Garcia Granados left Guatemala and a French Aerial Mission arrived to Guatemala to train the military pilots of the Military Aviation Corps in warfare techniques.
Death
Colonel Rodríguez Díaz died on 28 September 1929, in a tragic accident known as "Dolores Street air crash"', along with lawyer José Luis Balcárcel (member of the Generation of 1920 intellectuals and classmate of future Literature Nobel Prize awardee Miguel Ángel Asturias, among others), the child Carlos Montano Novella and engineer Julio Montano Novella, Guatemalan Consul in New York City. Only Julio Montano survived.
Rodríguez Díaz's tomb was designed and built by Guatemalan sculptor Rafael Yela Günther and is in the Guatemala City General Cemetery.
Awards and recognitions
For his numerous services to his country, Colonel Rodríguez was awarded 53 medals and 15 trophies by the different army bases of the time: Fort Matamoros, Guard of Honor, Fort San José and the President's Army Staff. Colonel Rodríguez's father donated all his son's awards and trophies to the Guatemalan Military Academy after his death.
Jacinto Rodríguez Díaz island
The Guatemalan government named a little island in his honor in San Miguel, El Petén. The island is situated in N 16°55'59.99" and W 89°52'59.99" and is a tourist attraction visited by those who come for the Tikal National Park and other interesting sites in that region.
See also
Charles Lindbergh
History of Guatemala
La Aurora International Airport
Lázaro Chacón
Military Aviation Corps of Guatemala
Notes and references
Notes
References
External links
1901 births
1929 deaths
Aviation in Guatemala
Guatemalan military personnel
People from Totonicapán Department
The President of Peking University is the chief administrator of Peking University, a major public academic institution of higher learning, located in Beijing, capital of the People's Republic of China. Each is appointed by and is responsible to the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party and the State Council, who delegate to him or her the day-to-day running of the university. The current president is Gong Qihuang, in office since June 2022.
Presidents of Peking University
Communist Party Secretaries of Peking University
References
External links
Presidents of Peking University
Peking University
Experimental factor ontology, also known as EFO, is an open-access ontology of experimental variables particularly those used in molecular biology. The ontology covers variables which include aspects of disease, anatomy, cell type, cell lines, chemical compounds and assay information. EFO is developed and maintained at the EMBL-EBI as a cross-cutting resource for the purposes of curation, querying and data integration in resources such as Ensembl, ChEMBL and Expression Atlas.
Scope and access
The original aim of EFO was to describe experimental variables in the EBI's Expression Atlas resource. This consisted primarily of disease, anatomical regions and cell types. By December 2013 the scope had grown to include several other EMBL-EBI resources and several external projects including CellFinder, cell lines from the ENCODE project and phenotype to SNP information in the NHGRI's Catalog of Published Genome-Wide Association Studies.
EFO makes use of existing biomedical ontologies from the Open Biomedical Ontologies collection in order to improve interoperability with other resources which may also use these same ontologies, such as ChEBI and the Ontology for Biomedical Investigations.
All data in the database is non-proprietary or is derived from a non-proprietary source. It is thus freely accessible and available to anyone. In addition, each data item is fully traceable and explicitly referenced to the original source.
The EFO data is available through a public web interface, BioPortal Web Service hosted at the National Centre for Biomedical Ontology (NCBO) and downloads.
See also
European Molecular Biology Laboratory
Gene ontology
Open Biomedical Ontologies
References
External links
http://www.ebi.ac.uk/efo/
Biological databases
Ontology (information science)
Biology terminology
Ann Prentice (born 1952) is a British nutritionist.
Education
Prentice studied chemistry at the University of Oxford, then medical physics at the University of Surrey, and natural sciences at the University of Cambridge.
Career
Since 1978, her career has been with the Medical Research Council, both in the United Kingdom and The Gambia at the MRC Unit The Gambia. From 1998, until its closure in 2018, she was the director of the MRC's collaborative Centre for Human Nutrition Research (HNR) (latterly called the "Elsie Widdowson Laboratory"). Her research group subsequently moved to the MRC Epidemiology Unit within the University of Cambridge School of Clinical Medicine where she is a Honorary Professor of Global Nutrition and Health.
Her research focuses on lifecourse nutritional requirements for population health, with an emphasis on calcium and vitamin D, and encompasses the nutritional problems of both affluent and resource-limited societies. She is involved in projects studying pregnant and lactating women, people living with HIV, children, adolescents and older persons in the UK, The Gambia, Uganda, Malawi, Kenya, China, Bangladesh, India and South Africa. She is internationally recognised for her work in nutrition and bone health, and human lactation.
Her research interests include:
Optimal nutritional status and nutritional vulnerability in relation to health
Nutritional problems of the developing world and global health
Dietary requirements for human growth, pregnancy and lactation, and old age
Nutritional aspects of bone health, peak bone mass, rickets and osteoporosis
Calcium and vitamin D requirements across the life span and across populations
Human lactational physiology and breast-milk composition
Human calcium, vitamin D and bone physiology, metabolism and genetics
Population nutritional recommendations and surveillance
Functional and biochemical markers of micronutrient status
She has served on the UK Government's Scientific Advisory Committee on Nutrition (SACN) since its inception, including as chair between 2010 - 2020. She is a member of the SACN Subgroup on Maternal and Child Nutrition (SMCN). From 2004 to 2007, she served as president of the Nutrition Society.
Honours
She was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2006 Birthday Honours. She is an Honorary Fellow of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health, a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences (FMedSci), a Fellow of the Association for Nutrition (FAfN), and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Biology (FRSB).
Prentice is the recipient of numerous honours, awards and prizes; she received the British Nutrition Foundation Prize in 2011, the Institut Candia's Laureate de Le Prix Scientifique in 1998, and the Robert and Edna Langholz Award for International Nutrition in 2004. In 2018 she received the Macy-György Award (International Society of Research into Human Milk and Lactation), in 2017 she was made honorary Fellow of the International Union of Nutritional Sciences. She was the recipient of the 2020 inaugural Widdowson Award, named in honour of Elsie Widdowson, from the Nutrition Society in recognition of her excellent contribution to the field of public health nutrition. On 7 December 2020, she delivered her Widdowson Award lecture entitled "Hard facts and misfits: essential ingredients of public health nutrition research".
She holds an Honorary Doctorate from the University of Surrey, and Honorary Professorships at the University of the Witwatersrand and at Shenyang Medical College in addition to her Professorship at the University of Cambridge.
References
External links
.
1952 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Fellows of the Association for Nutrition
Fellows of the Royal Society of Biology
Medical Research Council (United Kingdom) people
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Alumni of the University of Surrey
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
British nutritionists
Alumni of Darwin College, Cambridge
Susan C. Antón is an American biological anthropologist and paleoanthropologist. She is a professor at New York University and fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Education
Antón graduated with B.A. in Anthropology at the University of California, Berkeley in 1987. She remained at Berkeley for further study, receiving her M.A. and Ph.D. in Anthropology in 1991 and 1994, respectively. She worked as a curator on skull collections during her studies.
Career
Antón's assumed her first academic position as an assistant professor at the University of Florida in 1994. She left Florida for an assistant professorship at Rutgers University and an appointment as a research associate at the California Academy of Sciences. She joined New York University as an associate professor in 2003 and was promoted to full professorship in 2011.
She was a co-editor of the Journal of Human Evolution from 2005 to 2010 and associate editor from 2011 onwards.
She was elected fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2008 and 2020, respectively. The American Association of Physical Anthropologists made her president-elect for 2014.
References
External links
Profile on the website of NYU
UC Berkeley College of Letters and Science alumni
American anthropologists
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
University of Florida faculty
Rutgers University faculty
New York University faculty
California Academy of Sciences
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tobias Lohner (13 March 1619, in Neuötting in the Diocese of Salzburg – 26 (probably) May, 1697) was an Austrian Jesuit theologian.
Life
He entered the Society of Jesus on 30 August 1637, at Landsberg am Lech, and spent his first years in the classroom, teaching the classics. Later at Dillingen, he was professor, first of philosophy for seven years, then of speculative theology for four years, and finally of moral theology. He was rector of the colleges of Lucerne and Dillingen and master of novices.
Works
His reputation is based mainly on the many works which he wrote, both in Latin and German, on practical questions, especially of asceticism and moral theology. More than twenty years before he died, his literary activity received recognition in the "Bibliotheca Scriptorum Societatis Jesu," a work begun by Father Peter Ribadeneira, S. J., continued by Father Philip Alegambe, S. J., and brought up to date (1675) by Father Nathanael Sotwel, S. J.
Among his published works are:
The "Instructissima bibliotheca manualis concionatoria" (4 vols., Dillingen, 1681-),
and a series of volumes containing practical instructions, the more important of which are the following:
"Instructio practica de ss. Missæ sacrificio;"
"Instructio practica de officio divino;"
"Instructio practica de conversatione apostolica;"
"Instructio practica pastorum continens doctrinas et industrias ad pastorale munus pie, fructose et secure obeundum;"
"Instructio practica de confessionibus rite ac fructose excipiendis" (complete edition of these instructions, in eleven vols., Dillingen, 1726-).
He published many other similar works on preaching, on catechizing, on giving exhortations, on the origin and excellence of the priesthood, on the various states of life, on consoling the afflicted, on questions of polemical, ascetical, speculative, and moral theology, on the means of overcoming temptations, and on the foundations of mystical theology.
References
Attribution
1619 births
1697 deaths
17th-century Austrian Jesuits
17th-century Austrian Roman Catholic theologians
Arnaud Boetsch was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Richard Krajicek won the tournament, beating Karsten Braasch in the final, 6–3, 6–4.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Rosmalen Grass Court Championships
1994 ATP Tour
Edge of Heaven is a 2014 British sitcom.
Edge of Heaven or The Edge of Heaven may also refer to:
"The Edge of Heaven", a 1986 song by Wham!
The Edge of Heaven (film), a 2007 film by Fatih Akın
"Edge of Heaven" (2 Unlimited song), 1998
"Stingy" is a song by American R&B singer Ginuwine. It was written by Johnta Austin, Bryan-Michael Cox, and Jason Perry and recorded by the singer for soundtrack of the American comedy-drama film Barbershop (2002), then included on his fourth album The Senior the following year. Production on the song was helmed by Cox, with co-production from Perry. Released as the lead single from the Barbershop soundtrack, "Stingy" peaked at number 37 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and reached the top ten of the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
Track listing
Notes
denotes additional producer
denotes co-producer
Credits and personnel
Credits lifted from the liner notes of The Senior.
Algebra – background vocals
Johnta Austin – background vocals, writer
Bubble – recording engineer
Bryan-Michael Cox – instruments, producer, writer
Ginuwine – background vocals, lead vocals
Jason Perry – co-producer, guitar, writer
Sean Thomas – pro-tools editor
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2002 singles
Ginuwine songs
Barbershop (franchise)
Songs written by Johntá Austin
Songs written by Bryan-Michael Cox
Sony Music singles
2002 songs
The discography of American country artist Jeannie Seely contains 16 studio albums, three compilation albums and 33 singles. Releasing several singles for the Challenge label, she moved to Nashville, Tennessee and signed with Monument Records in 1966. Releasing "Don't Touch Me" as a single, it became a major country hit, reaching number 2 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart. It also became her only single to reach the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 85. The success led to the release of her debut studio album entitled The Seely Style, which reached number 8 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
Seely had several more major hits during the 1960s: "It's Only Love" (1966), "A Wanderin' Man" (1967) and "I'll Love You More (Than You'll Need)" (1968). She also released three more studio albums during this time. This included Thanks, Hank!, which peaked at number 17 on the country albums chart in 1967. Leaving Monument, Seely signed with Decca Records and paired with country artist Jack Greene for a series of duet recordings. Their first single, "Wish I Didn't Have to Miss You" (1969), reached number 2 on the Billboard country chart. Spawning an album, the project peaked at number 18 on the country albums chart in 1970. After a series of singles and two albums, Seely released two major hits in 1973: "Can I Sleep in Your Arms" and "Lucky Ladies". The success prompted the release of an album of the same name, which peaked at number 15 on the country albums chart.
Seely continued recording for major labels until the end of the 1970s. Her final singles on Columbia Records became minor hits on the Billboard country chart. Her final chart appearance was 1978's "Take Me to Bed", which reached number 97. Although still touring and performing, she did not release further studio albums again until the 1990s. Among the highlights of her later material is 2003's Life's Highway, an album of bluegrass material. She also issued album of classic country in 2011 entitled Vintage Country. Her most recent release was in 2017 via Cheyenne Records, Written in Song.
Albums
Studio albums
Soundtrack albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Singles
Music videos
Other appearances
Notes
References
External links
Jeannie Seely at Discogs
Country music discographies
Discographies of American artists
Henry Hugh Shelton (born January 2, 1942) is a former United States Army officer who served as the 14th chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from 1997 to 2001.
Early life, family and education
Shelton was born in Tarboro, North Carolina and graduated from North Edgecombe High School in 1959. Shelton attended North Carolina State University, and was a member of Pershing Rifles. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in textile engineering in 1963 while earning his Army commission through Reserve Officers' Training Corps training. Shelton's further education includes a Master of Science degree in political science from Auburn University at Montgomery in 1973 as well as studies at the Air Command and Staff College from August 1972 to June 1973 and the National War College from June 1982 to June 1983. Shelton married Carolyn L. Johnson in 1963; the pair have three sons together.
Military service
Shelton served two tours of duty in the Vietnam War with the 5th Special Forces Group, and with the 173rd Airborne Brigade, followed by a series of command and staff assignments. Following the Gulf War, Shelton commanded the 82nd Airborne Division at Fort Bragg in his home state of North Carolina. In 1993, he was given command of XVIII Airborne Corps. Shelton led the Joint Task Force responsible for Operation Uphold Democracy in Haiti in 1994. In 1996, Shelton, a Special Forces soldier, was promoted to the rank of general and the position of Commander in Chief of United States Special Operations Command (SOCOM). He was the first Graduate of the U.S. Army Special Forces Program to command SOCOM.
Upon the retirement of John M. Shalikashvili, Shelton was appointed as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff by President Bill Clinton and Secretary of Defense William Cohen on 1 October 1997.
Shelton led the planning of the Kosovo War in 1999 during his time in office. Later he coined the phrase "Dover test", testing the support for a war based on the reaction of the people after seeing American casualties returning at the Dover Air Force Base. During the events of 11 September 2001, Shelton was flying on-board Boeing C-135 Speckled Trout, traveling to a NATO meeting in Europe, but turned back and returned to Washington. Upon entering the United States Airspace, the C-135 flew past the World Trade Center so Shelton was able to assess the situation following the attack. Already scheduled to retire in October, Shelton spent his last weeks in office coordinating military plans to destroy al-Qaeda and Taliban forces in Afghanistan and helping to develop an interagency strategy to defeat, disrupt, and degrade terrorist activities around the world. These would form the basis of Operation Enduring Freedom and the global War on Terror. Upon Shelton's end of term, President George W. Bush nominated then-Vice Chairman Air Force General Richard Myers, who was sworn in on 1 October 2001.
Post-military career
In 2002 Shelton founded the General Hugh Shelton Leadership Center at North Carolina State University. The center was created to "inspire, educate, and develop values-based leaders, both locally and globally, committed to personal integrity, professional ethics, and selfless service."
In his retirement, Shelton joined the Board of Directors of Red Hat in April 2003, and was elected that board's chairman in 2010. He also holds directorships at Anheuser Busch, Anteon International and Protective Products of America. At his alma mater of North Carolina State University, the General Hugh Shelton Leadership Center was founded in 2002, which grants scholarships to people who are committed to personal integrity, professional ethics, and selfless service.
Shelton also served as an advisor to Senator John Edwards' presidential campaign from 2003 to 2004. Shelton created a minor controversy for 2004 Democratic presidential candidate, retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark, a subordinate of Shelton's during the 1999 Kosovo military actions, when he stated: "I will tell you the reason [Clark] came out of Europe early had to do with integrity and character issues, things that are very near and dear to my heart. I'll just say Wes won't get my vote," casting doubt upon Clark's candidacy.
On March 1, 2008, Shelton announced his endorsement of Senator Hillary Clinton for the 2008 Democratic Presidential Primary, stating, "I've been with Senator Clinton when she has been with our military men and women. I know from those experiences that she understands the demands and sacrifice of military life. I am confident she will always put the readiness and well being of our troops first. She is ready to be Commander-in-Chief." Shelton was the second Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to endorse Clinton, the first being General John Shalikashvili.
On October 12, 2010, Shelton published his autobiography, Without Hesitation: The Odyssey of an American Warrior, along with coauthors Ron Levinson and Malcolm McConnell. An excerpt tells the story of a high-ranking Clinton Cabinet member proposing that Shelton intentionally allow an American pilot to be killed by the Iraqis to have an excuse to retaliate and go to war. The book also tells of Bill Clinton's tearful confession to Shelton; a time during the Clinton administration when a close Clinton aide lost possession of the biscuit (top secret presidential nuclear launch authorization codes); details of a contentious Camp David meeting among George W. Bush and his National Security Council immediately after 9/11, where internal battle lines were drawn. His book also says there were multiple attempts to kill Osama bin Laden that were shot down by Madeleine Albright.
On 27 August 2010, a statue of Shelton was unveiled and dedicated at the Airborne Special Operations Museum in Fayetteville, NC. The statue was commissioned and donated by H. Ross Perot.
On 24 October 2010, Shelton appeared on This Week with Christiane Amanpour, on 6 December 2010, on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, and on 30 December 2010, on The Charlie Rose Show on PBS and Bloomberg TV, to promote the publication of his memoir.
On 20 October 2012, Shelton was honored at the 6th Annual Brian & Kendra's Bluegrass Party in Speed, North Carolina. He was presented with a Distinguished Achievements plaque and a roadside display at the entrance of Speed, honoring his hometown and acknowledging his achievements.
Shelton and his wife, Carolyn, established the Hugh and Carolyn Shelton Military Neurotrauma Foundation in 2005 to fund research into traumatic brain injury among military personnel.
Dates of rank
* - Date of rank adjusted for time not spent on active duty. Receipt of officer's commission in June 1963.
Decorations and badges
Shelton's decorations and medals include:
Other Recognition
In 1998, Shelton received the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement presented by Awards Council members General Colin L. Powell and General John M. Shalikashvili.
In 2002, Shelton received the Congressional Gold Medal. The citation says, "Throughout his 38 years of service to his country, his ascent through the ranks of the Army, two tours in Vietnam and duty in Operation Desert Storm, Gen. Shelton has carried with him the North Carolina values of service, sacrifice, love of family, faith in God and devotion to country."
In 2011, The Command and General Staff College Foundation presented retired General Hugh Shelton with the Foundation's 2011 Distinguished Leadership Award.
References
External links
Army biography and career summary
1942 births
Living people
People from Tarboro, North Carolina
North Carolina State University alumni
Pershing Riflemen
United States Army Rangers
Members of the United States Army Special Forces
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
Recipients of the Air Medal
Recipients of the Gallantry Cross (Vietnam)
Auburn University at Montgomery alumni
Air Command and Staff College alumni
National War College alumni
Recipients of the Meritorious Service Medal (United States)
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Army generals
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Chairmen of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
Recipients of the Defense Distinguished Service Medal
Congressional Gold Medal recipients
Red Hat people
Honorary Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
The 1955 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University in the Skyline Conference during the 1955 college football season. In their seventh and final season under head coach Chick Atkinson, the Cougars compiled a 1–9 record (0–7 against Skyline opponents), finished eighth (last) in the Skyline, and were outscored by a total of 300 to 104.
The team's statistical leaders included Don Dixon with 335 passing yards, Phil Oyler with 366 rushing yards and 381 yards of total offense, Owen Skousen with 190 receiving yards, and LeGrand Young with 19 points scored.
Schedule
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
Zlynkovsky (masculine), Zlynkovskaya (feminine), or Zlynkovskoye (neuter) may refer to:
Zlynkovsky District, a district of Bryansk Oblast, Russia
Zlynkovsky Urban Administrative Okrug, an administrative division which the town of Zlynka and two rural localities in Zlynkovsky District of Bryansk Oblast, Russia are incorporated as
Zlynkovskoye Urban Settlement, a municipal formation which Zlynkovsky Urban Administrative Okrug in Zlynkovsky District of Bryansk Oblast, Russia is incorporated as
The Free People ( or Κίνημα Ελευθέρων Ανθρώπων, Κ.ΕΛ.ΑΝ.; KELAN) is a political party founded in February 2021 by journalist Giorgos Tragas.
History
Giorgos Tragas founded the party in February 2021 in the middle of a lockdown due to COVID-19. The purpose of the party is, according to Tragas, to ensure democracy, the fight against unemployment and the economic crisis that emerged from the lockdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to president Traga the party transcends the divisions of the political spectrum and is not placed on this axis, but is characterized by patriotism and multi-collectivity.
A few days after the founding of the party, the descent of many parties was announced on the ballots of the Free People, such as the Christian Democratic Party of the Overthrow of Nikolaos Nikolopoulos, the Victory Front of Rachel Makris the United Popular Front of Dimitris Kazakis and others.
Tragas died due to COVID-19 complications on 14 December 2021.
References
Political parties in Greece
Eurosceptic parties in Greece
Conservative parties in Greece
Political parties established in 2021
2021 establishments in Greece
Robin Taylor-Firth is a British musician notable for performance, songwriting and production on various projects including Nightmares on Wax, Olive, Backyard Dog, and BudNubac.
His recording career began in the early 1990s with a series of twelve-inch singles pressed by Dislocated Hip Records, under the artistic name 'On'. Picked up in 1993 by Warp Records' sub-label, Nucleus, Taylor-Firth began a relationship with Sheffield-based Warp Records which continues via his membership of Nightmares on Wax to the present day. Though less present in Nightmares on Wax of late, he was a major part of the earlier works, such as Smoker's Delight, Car Boot Soul and Mind Elevation, co producing and co-writing many of the themes. His individual keyboard style is also heavily represented.
"You're Not Alone", which he co-wrote with Tim Kellett and recorded with the band Olive reached number one in the UK Singles Chart in 1997. Backyard Dog were also notable for the commercial success of the song "Baddest Ruffest", which featured on the soundtrack of Ali G Indahouse, and also in Coca-Cola's 2002 World Cup UK advertising campaign. Taylor-Firth currently resides in Madrid, Spain and is listed as a director of the music recording and publishing company BlancoMusic.
He won the Ivor Novello Award for Best Dance Music in 1997 for "You're Not Alone".
In 2014, he signed a major new publishing deal with Sony ATV.
References
External links
BlancoMusic
Budnubac
English songwriters
English electronic musicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Wuyuan railway station () is a railway station of Hefei–Fuzhou high-speed railway in Wuyuan County, Jiangxi.
A statue of Zhan Tianyou, the pioneering Chinese railway engineer of Wuyuan origin, stands in front of the station.
History
This station commenced services with Hefei-Fuzhou HSR on June 28, 2015. It became a junction with the opening of the Jiujiang–Quzhou railway on 28 December 2017.
References
Railway stations in Jiangxi
Railway stations in China opened in 2015
As of September 2016, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) lists 474 endangered mammalian species. 8.6% of all evaluated mammalian species are listed as endangered.
The IUCN also lists 86 mammalian subspecies as endangered.
Of the subpopulations of mammals evaluated by the IUCN, five species subpopulations have been assessed as endangered.
For a species to be considered endangered by the IUCN it must meet certain quantitative criteria which are designed to classify taxa facing "a very high risk of exintction". An even higher risk is faced by critically endangered species, which meet the quantitative criteria for endangered species. Critically endangered mammals are listed separately. There are 679 mammalian species which are endangered or critically endangered.
Additionally 783 mammalian species (14% of those evaluated) are listed as data deficient, meaning there is insufficient information for a full assessment of conservation status. As these species typically have small distributions and/or populations, they are intrinsically likely to be threatened, according to the IUCN. While the category of data deficient indicates that no assessment of extinction risk has been made for the taxa, the IUCN notes that it may be appropriate to give them "the same degree of attention as threatened taxa, at least until their status can be assessed."
This is a complete list of endangered mammalian species and subspecies evaluated by the IUCN. Species and subspecies which have endangered subpopulations (or stocks) are indicated. Where possible common names for taxa are given while links point to the scientific name used by the IUCN.
Odd-toed ungulates
Species
Subspecies
Primates
There are 121 species and 56 subspecies of primate assessed as endangered.
Gibbons
Species
Subspecies
Great apes
Species
Bonobo
Chimpanzee
Subspecies
Lemurs
There are 48 species and one subspecies of lemur assessed as endangered.
Indriids
Daubentoniidae species
Aye-aye
Sportive lemurs
Lemurids
Species
Subspecies
Gilbert's bamboo lemur
Cheirogaleids
Tarsiers
Species
Peleng tarsier
Sangihe tarsier
Subspecies
Tarsius bancanus bancanus
Belitung Island tarsier
Old World monkeys
Species
Subspecies
New World monkeys
Species
Subspecies
Lorisoidea
Species
Red slender loris
Subspecies
Cetartiodactyls
Cetartiodactyla includes dolphins, whales and even-toed ungulates. There are 40 species, 14 subspecies, and four subpopulations of cetartiodactyl assessed as endangered.
Non-cetacean even-toed ungulates
There are 33 species and ten subspecies of non-cetacean even-toed ungulate assessed as endangered.
Musk deer species
Deer species
Bovids
Species
Subspecies
Other non-cetacean even-toed ungulates
Species
Subspecies
Cetaceans
Species
Subspecies
Subpopulations
Marsupials
Carnivora
Species
Subspecies
Afrosoricida
Eulipotyphla
There are 43 species in the order Eulipotyphla assessed as endangered.
Shrews
Other Eulipotyphla species
Lagomorpha
Rodents
There are 142 species and one subspecies of rodent assessed as endangered.
Hystricomorpha
Myomorpha
There are 103 species in Myomorpha assessed as endangered.
Murids
Cricetids
Nesomyids
Spalacids
Sandy mole-rat
Big-headed mole-rat
Dipodids
Armenian birch mouse
Kazbeg birch mouse
Castorimorpha
Sciuromorpha
Species
Subspecies
Baja California rock squirrel
Bats
There are 46 bat species assessed as endangered.
Megabats
Microbats
Other mammals
Species
Subspecies
Borneo elephant
Indian elephant
Sri Lankan Elephant
Florida manatee
Antillean manatee
See also
Lists of IUCN Red List endangered species
List of the least concern mammals
List of near threatened mammals
List of vulnerable mammals
List of critically endangered mammals
List of recently extinct mammals
List of data deficient mammals
References
Mammals
Endangered mammals
Endangered mammals
Mammal conservation
Lanicemine (AZD6765) is a low-trapping NMDA receptor antagonist that was under development by AstraZeneca for the management of severe and treatment-resistant depression. Lanicemine differs from ketamine in that it is a low-trapping NMDA receptor antagonist, showing similar rapid-acting antidepressant effects to ketamine in clinical trials but with little or no psychotomimetic side effects. However, lanicemine did not meet study endpoints, and its development was terminated by AstraZeneca in 2013.
See also
4-Chlorokynurenine
AD-1211
Apimostinel
CERC-301
Diphenidine
Ephenidine
Esketamine
Lefetamine
Memantine
Methoxphenidine
MT-45
Rapastinel
References
Abandoned drugs
Diarylethylamines
NMDA receptor antagonists
Pyridines
Ciénagas is a barrio in the municipality of Camuy, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,554.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Ciénagas barrio was 711.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Camuy, Puerto Rico
Ansel Tracy Walling (January 10, 1824 – June 22, 1896) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1875 to 1877.
Early life and career
Born in Otsego County, New York, Walling moved to Erie County, Pennsylvania, where he attended a local academy. He studied medicine and practiced a short time, and then learned the art of printing. He moved to Ohio in 1843 and engaged in newspaper work. He served as clerk of the Ohio General Assembly in 1851 and 1852. He then studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1852 and practiced. He moved to Keokuk, Iowa, and was editor of the Daily Times 1855-1858.
He served as delegate to the 1856 Democratic National Convention. He returned to Ohio in 1861 and settled in Circleville, where he resumed the practice of law. He served as member of the Ohio Senate in 1865. He served in the Ohio House of Representatives in 1867 and was elected speaker pro tempore.
Congress
Walling was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1875 – March 3, 1877). He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination.
He again engaged in the practice of law.
Death
He died in Circleville, Ohio, June 22, 1896, and was interred in Forest Cemetery.
Walling's house in Circleville has been well preserved to the present day; it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
References
External links
|-
|-
|-
1824 births
1896 deaths
People from Otsego County, New York
People from Circleville, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state senators
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
19th-century American newspaper editors
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American politicians
Journalists from New York (state)
Journalists from Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
A signpost is an erected sign.
The Signpost, Signpost or Sign Post may also refer to:
Media and literature
The Signpost, online newspaper of the English Wikipedia since January 2005
The Signpost (novel), a 1944 novel by E. Arnot Robertson
The Signpost (Weber State University), a student newspaper
Other uses
Signpost (company), an American marketing automation company
Sign Post, Virginia, an unincorporated community
The Jim Dandy Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race. The Grade II race has been held annually since 1964 at Saratoga Race Course in Saratoga Springs, New York. The race is open to horses age three over one and one-eighth miles on the dirt. It currently carries a purse of $600,000. Prior to 1971, the race was 1 mile in length. For 1971 only, the distance was decreased to 7 furlongs.
The Jim Dandy Stakes is usually run on the first Saturday of the late July Saratoga racing season and is named in honor of the 3-year-old colt, Jim Dandy, who won the 1930 Travers Stakes at odds of 100 to 1, beating Triple Crown winner Gallant Fox. The Jim Dandy Stakes is typically used as a preparatory race for the Travers Stakes.
The Jim Dandy was run for the 56th time in 2019.
Records
Speed record:
miles – 1:47.26 – Louis Quatorze (1996)
Most wins by an owner:
3 - Godolphin Racing LLC (2012, 2020, 2021)
3 – Henryk de Kwiatkowski (1982, 1985, 1995)
3 – Melnyk Racing (2000, 2003, 2005)
Most wins by a jockey:
4 – Eddie Maple (1981, 1982, 1984, 1986)
4 – Jerry Bailey (1995, 2000, 2001, 2002)
4 – John R. Velazquez (2003, 2004, 2005, 2010)
Most wins by a trainer:
6 – Todd A. Pletcher (2000, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2011, 2013)
Winners
Notes
References
Jim Dandy Stakes at the NTRA
Whatever happened to Jim Dandy? from Colin's Ghost
Graded stakes races in the United States
Flat horse races for three-year-olds
Horse races in New York (state)
Recurring sporting events established in 1964
Saratoga Race Course
1964 establishments in New York (state)
Grade 2 stakes races in the United States
Corta Jaca is a step from maxixe, as danced in European and North American ballrooms and as described by Vernon and Irene Castle in their 1914 book Modern Dancing.
The book describes it as follows:
This step in New York is called 'Skating'. It seems to be a very good name for it, as the position you take is exactly the same as that taken by skaters when they are skating side by side. You get into the step in this way: When we left off, we were doing the Two Step. Now, if the gentleman will do a single step and still keep his partner doing a Two Step, he will find that she turns around so that she is side by side with him. As soon as she is in this position, and he finds that he is on the same foot as she is, that is, in step with her, he resumes the Two Step down the room (but he is naturally at the side of her instead of in front).
He must always remember to pass his right leg in front of the lady when going forward, just as her left passes in front of him.
There is a dip to this step which you can put in or not as you please. It is a slow dip made after you have taken the step with the right foot and is finished as you are taking the step with the left foot.
See also
Corta Jaca
References
Social dance steps
"Hello, How Are You" is a 1968 song and single by Australian rock group the Easybeats, which was written by band members George Young and Harry Vanda.
Background
The choice to release "Hello, How Are You" was that of the band's manager Mike Vaughan.
The melodramatic ballad was different from anything the group had previously released (being more known for their power pop songs). Recording first took place at Pye Studios in London. The first version of the song was arranged by Bill Shepard (known for his work with The Bee Gees). This version was more of a psychedelic pop song and was ultimately rejected (it was later released on the reissue of The Best of The Easybeats Volume 2 compilation). For the released version, the band turned to arranger Alan Tew for orchestration.
Although the song did make the Top 20 in the UK, in retrospective interviews the band regretted the impact the song had on their career. In a 1976 interview for Rolling Stone Australia, band member George Young reflected: "The people in the industry dug it and it skidded in and out of the Top 20. But it was a classic mistake from our point of view. We were a rock 'n' roll band and what was a rock band doing with this cornball, schmaltz shit? We shouldn't have done it".
The single reached #20 in the U.K. and #26 in their home country of Australia.
Track listing
Australian and UK releases
"Hello, How Are You" ( Harry Vanda, George Young)
"Falling Off the Edge of the World" (Harry Vanda, George Young)
US release
"Hello, How Are You" ( Harry Vanda, George Young)
"Come In You'll Get Pneumonia" (Harry Vanda, George Young)
Charts
Trivia
The song appeared in a Dutch radio and tv commercial in the late seventies. The campaign promoted the Peek & Kloppenburg fashion brand.
References
1968 singles
The Easybeats songs
Parlophone singles
Songs written by George Young (rock musician)
1968 songs
Songs written by Harry Vanda
Tamás Vicsek (born 10 May 1948, Budapest) is a Hungarian scientist with research interests in numerical studies of dense liquids, percolation theory, Monte Carlo simulation of cluster models, aggregation phenomena, fractal growth, pattern formation (computer and laboratory experiments), collective phenomena in biological systems (flocking, oscillations, crowds), molecular motors, cell locomotion in vitro. He held the position of professor of physics at the Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest, Hungary, and was visiting scientists in various academia.
He is the namesake of the Vicsek fractal and the Vicsek model of swarm behavior.
He earned M.Sc. from the Lomonosov University, Moscow in 1972 and PhD from Lajos Kossuth University (current University of Debrecen) in 1976.
Awards and recognition
1990 Award of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
1999 Széchenyi Prize
2003 Leo Szilard Award (:hu:Szilárd Leó professzori ösztöndíj)
2006 Fellow of the American Physical Society
2020 Lars Onsager Prize (US)
References
1948 births
Living people
20th-century Hungarian physicists
20th-century Hungarian mathematicians
Hungarian biologists
Eötvös Loránd University faculty
University of Debrecen alumni
Moscow State University alumni
21st-century Hungarian physicists
Absa Bank Mauritius Limited (ABML), formerly known as Barclays Bank Mauritius Limited, is a commercial bank in Mauritius, licensed by the Bank of Mauritius, the country's central bank and national banking regulator.
Location
The headquarters of the bank are located at Absa House, 68 Wall Street, Cybercity, Ebene, Mauritius. Ebene is a town approximately , by road, south of Port Louis, the capital and largest city in the country.
Overview
Absa Bank Mauritius is a large financial services company, serving corporate clients, high networth individuals, retail customers and small and medium enterprises. As of September 2010, the bank had assets of MUR:127,295,000,000 (US$3.343 billion), with shareholders' equity of MUR:16,011,000,000 (US$420.494 million).
This bank is a subsidiary of Absa Group Limited, a financial services conglomerate, headquartered in South Africa, with subsidiaries in 12 African countries and with assets in excess of US$87 billion as of 30 June 2017, whose shares of stock trade on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange under the symbol ABG.
History
According to the archives of Barclays Bank Mauritius, the oldest bank in Mauritius that became a component of the bank, is The National Bank of South Africa, which established a branch in the country in 1919. In 1925, Anglo-Egyptian Bank, Colonial Bank and National Bank of South Africa were merged to form Barclays Bank (Dominion, Colonial and Overseas). Since then the bank went through mergers, acquisitions and divestitures. Barclays Bank Mauritius operated as a branch of Barclays, until 1 June 2013, when it was incorporated as Barclays Bank Mauritius. That same year, the bank became a member of Barclays Africa Group, with Barclays Plc holding a controlling 62.3 percent majority ownership.
Name change
In 2016, Barclays, which owned 62.3 percent of Barclays Africa Group (BAG), the then majority shareholder of Barclays Bank of Mauritius Limited, decided to divest its majority shareholding in BAG, worth £3.5 billion at that time. In 2017 Barclays reduced its shareholding in BAG to 14.9 percent.
Subsequently, in 2018 BAG re-branded to Absa Group Limited.
Under the terms of that re-brand, Absa has until June 2020 to change the names of its subsidiaries in 12 African countries.
In Mauritius, the re-brand concluded on 10 February 2020, when both the bank's legal and business names became Absa Bank Mauritius Limited.
Governance
The bank is supervised by a ten-person board of directors, chaired by Iqbal Rajahbalee, one of the non-executive directors. The managing director and CEO is Ravin Dajee.
See also
Absa Bank (Mauritius) Limited
List of banks in Mauritius
List of banks in Africa
References
External links
Company Website
Banks of Mauritius
Absa Group Limited
Banks established in 1919
1919 establishments in Mauritius
Companies based in Ebene, Mauritius
The following is the list of current, upcoming and former television shows broadcast by the Indian television channel Colors TV.
Current broadcasts
Fiction
Non-fiction/Reality Shows
Upcoming broadcasts
Former broadcasts
Drama
Mythological series
Comedy
Horror, fantasy and supernatural
Reality and non-scripted
Animated
Pro wrestling/MMA
Aapka Colors
Aapka Colors is the United States of America and Canada version of Colors TV which includes English subtitles for every show. Some shows are available exclusively on this channel.
Ancient Healing by Dr. Pankaj Naram
See also
List of programs broadcast by Colors Rishtey
References
Colors TV original programming
Colors
Colors
S.S.D. Casarano Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Casarano, Apulia. It currently plays in Serie D Apulia.
History
The club was founded in 1927 playing also in Serie C1 for 20 seasons. In the season 2001–2002 Mario Kempes, the world famous Argentina striker, was the head coach of S.S.D. Casarano Calcio.
The club was refounded in 2006 as A.S.D. Virtus Casarano, but in summer 2012 it does not join in Serie D, due to bankruptcy.
Immediately after on 24 July 2012, the club was again refounded by Eugenio Filograna as S.S.D. Casarano Calcio and was relocated in Promozione Apulia.
Colors and badge
Its colors are red-azure.
Honours and records
Coppa Italia Serie C1:
Champions – 1984–85
Serie C2:
Champions – 1987–88
Coppa Italia Dilettanti:
Champions – 2008–09, 2018–19
Youth Team honours
Campionato nazionale Dante Berretti
Champions – 1996–1997
Points record for professionistic championships (With 2 point awarded for win) in the 1987–88 Serie C2 Championship.
Casarano and Calcio Varese are the only clubs to have won at least one Coppa Italia Serie C and one Coppa Italia Dilettanti.
References
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Apulia
Serie C clubs
Association football clubs established in 1927
1927 establishments in Italy
Coppa Italia Serie C winning clubs
The Portrait of Frederick II of Prussia is a portrait of Frederick II of Prussia by the German-Danish painter Johann Georg Ziesenis. In 1913 the painter Jean Lulvès claimed it was the only painting for which Frederick sat during his lifetime - however, this is now doubted.
It was commissioned by Frederick's sister Duchess Philippine Charlotte of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel. He sat for it from 17 to 20 June 1763 at Castle Salzdahlum, though like other portraitists Ziesnis also continued working on it after the sitting using sketches. On 10 October 2009 the painting, last put on public display in 1937 at the Lower Saxony State Museum, was offered by the Bremer auction house Bolland & Marotz and sold at a price of 670,000 euros. Due to the historical significance of the painting it was registered in the directory of German cultural heritage.
Copies
It is believed that there are two copies which were given to the Duchess (now in the Heidelberg Palatinate Museum) and to George III of the United Kingdom (now in the Royal Collection).
References
1763 paintings
Frederick II of Prussia
Frederick II of Prussia
Frederick II of Prussia
Frederick the Great
The Royal India Society was a 20th-century British learned society concerned with India.
The Society has had several names: the India Society (founded 1910); the Royal India Society (from 1944); the Royal India and Pakistan Society; the Royal India, Pakistan and Ceylon Society; and finally merged with the East India Association in 1966.
Not to be confused with the London Indian Society, or the British India Society.
The India Society
The India Society was founded in 1910. The earliest members were T.W. Rolleston (Honorary Secretary), T.W. Arnold, Mrs Leighton Cleather, Ananda Coomaraswamy, Walter Crane, E.B. Havell, Christina Herringham, Paira Mall, and William Rothenstein.
"In 1910 he [Coomaraswamy] became involved in a very public controversy, played out in the correspondence columns of The Times and elsewhere, on the status of Indian art. This had started when Sir George Birdwood, while chairing the Indian Section of the annual meeting of the Royal Society of Arts, had announced that there was no “fine art” in India and had somewhat unwisely responded to the suggestion that a particular statue of the Buddha was an example of fine art: “This senseless similitude, in its immemorial fixed pose, is nothing more than an uninspired brazen image. . . . A boiled suet pudding would serve equally well as a symbol of passionless purity and serenity of soul. This controversy culminated in the, foundation of the India Society, later the Royal India Society, to combat the views of the Birdwoods of this world." (Mark Sedgwick 2004)
The Society's aims and plans were described in The Times, 11 June 1910 as follows:
"The society desires to promote the study and appreciations of Indian culture in its aesthetic aspects, believing that in Indian sculpture, architecture, and painting, as well as in Indian literature and music, there is a vast unexplored field, the investigation of which will bring about a better understanding of Indian India. Everything will be done to promote the acquisition by the authorities of our national and provincial museums of works representing the best Indian art. The society proposes to publish works showing the best examples of Indian architecture, sculpture, and painting, and hopes to co-operate with all those who have it as their aim to keep alive the traditional arts and handicrafts still existing in India, and to assist in the development of Indian art education on native and traditional lines, and not in imitation of European ideals."
The India Society organised a conference on Indian Art at the British Empire Exhibition, at Wembley, on 2 June 1924.
Publications of the India Society
The Society's publications included:
Indian Art and Letters - twice-yearly journal, issued from 1925
Indian drawings, ed. A.K. Coomaraswamy (1910)
Examples of Indian sculpture at the British Museum: twelve collotype plates (1910)
Indian drawings II, ed. A.K. Coomaraswamy (1911-12)
Eleven Plates. Representing Works of Indian Sculptures Chiefly in English Collections, ed. E.B. Havell (1911)
Kapilar and a Tamil Saint, by A.K. Coomaraswamy (1911)
Gitanjali (‘Song-offering'), by Rabindranath Tagore (1912)
Chitra, by Rabindranath Tagore (1913)
One hundred poems of Kabir, tr. by Rabindranath Tagore and Evelyn Underhill (1914)
The Music of Hindostan, by A.H. Fox-Strangways (1914)
Ajanta Frescoes: being reproductions in colour and monochrome of frescoes in some of the caves at Ajanta, after copies taken ... 1909-1911, by Christiana Herringham and her assistants (1915)
The Mirror of Gesture (1916)
Handbook of Indian Art, by E.B. Havell (1920)
Indian Art at the British Empire Exhibition, with introduction by Lionel Heath (1924)
The Architectural Antiquities of Western India, by Henry Cousens (ASI) (1926)
The Bagh Caves in the Gwalior State (1927)
The Brothers, by Taraknath Ganguli, tr. by Edward Thompson (1928)
Ancient Monuments of Kashmir, by Ram Chandra Kak (1933)
The Red Tortoise and Other Tales of Rural India, by N. Gangulee (1941)
A Garland of Indian Poetry, ed. by H.G. Rawlinson (1946)
The Tulip of Sinai, by Muhammad Iqbal, tr. A.J. Arberry (1947)
Indian Art and Letters (1947)
a book on Mughal Painting, edited by Sir T.W. Arnold and Laurence Binyon
The Royal India Society
In 1944 the Society was granted permission to become The Royal India Society under the patronage of the Dowager Queen Mary of Teck.
Subsequent names
After partition, its name was again changed to the Royal India and Pakistan Society, and then again to the Royal India, Pakistan, and Ceylon Society. In 1966 it merged with the East India Association.
External links
The Society's archives (held at the British Library)
References
Defunct learned societies of the United Kingdom
1910 establishments in the United Kingdom
Arts organizations established in 1910
Indian art
The Raven 1000 UL is an American aircraft engine, that was designed and produced by Raven Redrives of El Prado, New Mexico for use in ultralight and homebuilt aircraft.
The company seems to have gone out of business in 2017 and production ended.
Design and development
The engine is a development of the Suzuki G10 automotive engine. It is a three-cylinder in-line four-stroke, liquid-cooled, gasoline engine design, with a custom-designed belt-type reduction drive with reduction ratio of 2.11:1. It employs electronic ignition and produces at 5700 rpm.
Applications
Early Bird Jenny
Specifications (1000 UL)
See also
References
External links
Raven aircraft engines
1980s aircraft piston engines
Li Chen (; born 25 November 1996) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for Beijing Renhe.
Club career
Li made his debut in unusual circumstances on 29 May 2019 in a Chinese FA Cup game against Guangzhou Evergrande, coming on as an 83rd-minute substitute for Zhang Yufeng, a midfielder, despite being a goalkeeper. He played alongside fellow goalkeeper Liu Peng up front for Beijing, and was the third goalkeeper fielded by Beijing in that game, with Mou Pengfei playing in his regular position in goal.
Career statistics
Notes
References
External links
Li Chen at Worldfootball.net
1996 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Beijing Renhe F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
Robert Gilchrist was the eighth mayor of Jersey City in New Jersey.
Born around 1790, Gilchrist became the president of the Jersey Board of Selectmen from 1835 to 1836. He succeeded Henry C. Taylor as mayor. He served two years from April 19, 1850 to May 2, 1852. He was succeeded by David S. Manners. Gilchrist was the Clerk of Hudson County from 1840 to 1865.
His son Robert Jr. became the Attorney General of New Jersey and served from 1870 to 1875.
See also
List of mayors of Jersey City, New Jersey
References
1866 deaths
Mayors of Jersey City, New Jersey
Year of birth missing
Vijin-e Bala (, also Romanized as Vījīn-e Bālā; also known as Vījīn and Vābajīn) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, Fashapuyeh District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 777, in 179 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
"All That" Matt Murphy (born 1979) is an American professional wrestler. During his career, he wrestled for numerous promotions, in briefs, including Pro Wrestling Noah in Japan, and held the World League Wrestling Tag Team Titles on three occasions. His career was cut short due to injuries sustained in a car accident, but after he left the wrestling business, Murphy authored the Amazon Kindle autobiography "The Somebody Obsession: A Nobody's Desperate Journey to Stardom". He returned to the ring in 2011 for Kansas City's Metro Pro Wrestling. He then became an employee at a sports card shop in Florida.
Career
Murphy was the first graduate of the Harley Race Wrestling Academy in 1999. In addition to being trained by Race, Murphy served as lead instructor for the academy from 2000 to 2002.
During his first seven months in World League Wrestling, "The Missile" was on a winning streak that saw him defeat many of WLW's top stars. Murphy also teamed during this time in WLW with Trevor Rhodes. On one occasion, while he was out with a knee injury, Murphy returned to the ring and attacked his tag team partner, thus becoming a heel. This began a feud between the newly christened "All That" Matt Murphy and Rhodes that lasted for several months.
Murphy then teamed with Steve Fender and Ace Steel and the trio was managed by Johnny Gold as a tag team called "The Gold Exchange". As a part of this team, Murphy was involved in multiple Tag Team Title reigns, the first a win over former WCW World Tag Team Champions The Harris Brothers in a match refereed by Mick Foley.
During his career, Murphy also competed against stars CM Punk, Bobby Eaton, Mark Jindrak, Chris Hero, Juventud Guerrera, Big Boss Man, Butch Reed, Mark Jindrak, Disco Inferno, Haku, The Barbarian, Naomichi Marufuji, Kenta, and Takeshi Morishima.
Murphy wrestled on tour for Pro Wrestling Noah on three occasions, selected by Mitsuharu Misawa to compete in the inaugural GHC Junior Heavyweight Title Tournament, and appeared on WWE programming twice, teaming with Steve Fender in a loss to Kai En Tai and losing to Justin Credible in Credible's WWE television debut. His war of words with former NHL star Tony Twist led to Twist making his professional wrestling debut against Murphy in a 2002 tag team match. He competed in the IWA Mid South Ted Petty Invitational Tournament in 2002, losing to eventual winner B. J. Whitmer in the first round.
He has been listed in Pro Wrestling Illustrated's Top 500 on two occasions and was named one of the top thirty prospects in professional wrestling by Wrestle America magazine in 2002.
In December 2002, Murphy was in a car accident that ended his wrestling career. He was the producer and announcer for the World League Wrestling T.V. show from 2007 to 2008.
In 2008, Murphy released "The Professional Wrestler in the World of Sports-Entertainment.". In 2011, Murphy's memoir "The Somebody Obsession: A Nobody's Desperate Journey to Stardom" reached #1 in the wrestling category on the Amazon Kindle bestseller list.
Murphy joined Metro Pro Wrestling in the spring of 2011 as the commissioner. In August 2011, Murphy attacked fan favorite Michael Strider and announced his return to the ring, igniting a feud with Strider. In November 2011, he defeated "The Golden Boy" Greg Anthony to win the Traditional Championship Wrestling Junior Heavyweight Title in Pine Bluff, Arkansas, then lost it to Anthony during their rematch two weeks later.
In June 2012 "All That" Matt Murphy wrestled for 3XW Wrestling in Boone, Iowa against "The Rockstar" Jimmy Rockwell. Murphy initially won the match by hitting Rockwell with a pair of brassknuckles, but the match was restarted after Ted DiBiase came to the ring and pointed out the weapon to the referee. He left the business later that year to relocate for a job promotion.
After working in security and property management, Murphy launched Cardboard Treasures, an online sports card company, in 2017.
References
American male professional wrestlers
1979 births
Living people
Professional wrestlers from Iowa
People from Iowa City, Iowa
People from Kahoka, Missouri
People from Eldon, Missouri
The Rochdale–Bacup line was a branch railway line which ran between Rochdale in Lancashire and Bacup in Lancashire via seven intermediate stops, Wardleworth, Shawclough and Healey, Broadley, Whitworth, Facit, Shawforth, and Britannia.
History
Opening
It opened in two stages, from Rochdale to Facit in 1870, and from Facit to Bacup in 1881.
Closure
Passenger trains were withdrawn from the line in 1947, although the section from Rochdale to Facit remained open to goods trains until 1963 and to Whitworth until 1967.
See also
Roch Valley Viaduct
References
Lost Railways of Lancashire by Gordon Suggitt
External links
British Railways in 1960, Rochdale to Bacup
Closed railway lines in North West England
Railway lines opened in 1881
Rail transport in Lancashire
Rail transport in Greater Manchester
1881 establishments in England
Kosmas Gkezos (; born 15 August 1992) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Austrian Bundesliga club Austria Klagenfurt.
Personal life
Gezos' younger brother, Polydoros, is also a professional footballer.
References
1992 births
Living people
Footballers from Athens
Greek footballers
Association football defenders
Super League Greece players
2. Liga (Austria) players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Panionios F.C. players
A.O. Glyfada players
Acharnaikos F.C. players
Akropolis IF players
SK Austria Klagenfurt players
Greek expatriate footballers
Greek expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
The men's 5000 metres event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1928 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Tuesday, July 31, 1928, and on Friday, August 3, 1928. Thirty-eight long-distance runners from 19 nations competed.
Records
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Results
Semifinals
All semifinals were held on Tuesday, July 31, 1928, and started at 5:10 p.m.
The best four finishers of every heat qualified for the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Semifinal 3
Final
The final was held on Friday, August 3, 1928, and started at 2:30 p.m.
The same three runners finished on the podium than four years earlier in the 5000 metre event at the 1924 Games. But this time Ritola won the gold medal and Nurmi silver, Wide won the bronze medal again.
References
External links
Official Olympic Report
5000 metres
5000 metres at the Olympics
Men's events at the 1928 Summer Olympics
St. Joseph's Cathedral is the seat of the Apostolic Vicar of Southern Arabia and is one of the four Catholic churches in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi besides St. Paul's Church in Musaffah, St. Mary's Church in Al Ain and St. John the Baptist Church in Ruwais. The first church was built in 1962 in the present Corniche on a plot of land donated by Sheikh Shakhbut, the ruler of Abu Dhabi.
Masses are conducted in various languages, reflecting the population of expatriates in the country, primarily English but also Arabic, Tagalog, Malayalam, Sinhalese, Urdu, Konkani, Tamil, and French.
History
The foundation for St. Joseph's Cathedral was laid in 1962. In October 1963, work began for the First Church in Abu Dhabi, and the foundation stone was blessed in February 1964, on a plot of land along the present Corniche, donated by Shakhbut bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the ruler of Abu Dhabi at that time. Fr. Barnabas Madii undertook the task of constructing the Church and a residence for the priests, and on 19 February 1965, the first church was inaugurated. A school was opened on the same plot in 1967 and was called St Joseph's School.
On 19 March 1981, the foundation for the present church was laid, following the ruler's decision that the Church and its associated schools be moved to a different location. The inauguration of the new complex took place on 25 February 1983, in the presence of Sheikh Shakhbut. On 25 February 1983, the Church became a cathedral serving as the seat of The Vicar Apostolic of Southern Arabia with the late Giovanni Bernardo Gremoli as resident bishop.
On 30 January 2005, upon Gremoli's retirement, Paul Hinder was ordained as bishop.
The parish today has over 100,000 expatriate Catholics from all over the world. With the growing economy within the region, the Church also witnessed a steady increase in the number of faithful. Masses are celebrated in several different languages, and the church is generally seen packed to full capacity at most services.
The Bishop's House and St Joseph's School are located within the same compound and recently there has been some renovation.
A significant section of the parish complex was demolished at the beginning of 2013 to give way for the construction of new halls/ catechetical rooms/ offices/ residence for priests and staff, Today this newly constructed part is known as St. Therese of The Child Jesus Church.
On 2 July 2022, Msgr. Paolo Martinelli was canonically installed as the Vicar of Southern Arabia in the cathedral as a successor to Msgr. Paul Hinder.
Papal visit
On 5 February 2019, Pope Francis made a private visit to the cathedral. He addressed the people summoned to visit him, mainly consisting of the needy, people of determination and altar servers. He entered the church with the Vicar of Southern Arabia, Paul Hinder.
Clergy
Present and past parish priests
Mass timing
Sunday Mass
6:30 AM
8:30 AM (Catechism Mass)
10:15 AM
12 AM (Tagalog)
2:30 PM (Malayalam)
4:30 PM
6:30 PM
8:15 PM (Arabic)
Daily Mass schedule
Monday To Friday
6:30 AM
9:00 AM
7:00 PM
Saturday
6:30 AM (Weekday liturgy)
8:30 AM (Catechism Mass | Sunday liturgy)
10:15 AM (Sunday liturgy)
4:30 PM (Sunday liturgy)
6:30 PM (Sunday liturgy)
Please note that mass times can change on holy days.
References
External links
Religion in Abu Dhabi
Buildings and structures in Abu Dhabi
Roman Catholic cathedrals in the United Arab Emirates
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1962
Christian organizations established in 1962
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings
Apostolic Vicariate of Southern Arabia
Dr Elisabet Helsing DrMedSci (3 June 1940 – 26 January 2019) was a Norwegian nutritional physiologist.
Helsing attended the University of Oslo, and subsequently wrote on and campaigned for natural breastfeeding.
She joined the World Health Organization in 1984, working at their regional office for Europe on matters related to nutrition, until 1996.
She served as president of the 8th European Nutrition Conference; and as president of the Federation of European Nutrition Societies from 1999 to 2003.
She was a founder of the Norwegian support group for mothers, , whose first meeting was held in her house in 1968, and which inspired the Swedish equivalent. She is an honorary member of both.
She was given the Mediterranean Diet Foundation's first Grande Covian Award in 1996, and received the Norwegian King's Medal of Merit in Gold, for services to the people in 2003.
Helsing died on 26 January 2019.
References
External links
1940 births
Place of birth missing
Norwegian physiologists
Recipients of the King's Medal of Merit in gold
Nutritionists
2019 deaths
Arabian Center (In Arabic: أرابيان سنتر) is a shopping mall in Dubai which opened on 1 March 2009 and is managed by Al-Futtaim Malls. It is located at Khawaneej Road, Al Mizhar, near Mirdif in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
On 25 November 2013, The Arabian Center was awarded the Silver Award in the category of the Middle East and North Africa Shopping Center Awards at the ICSC Global Awards.
External links
References
Shopping malls in Dubai
Xiaozong can be the name of the following Chinese emperors:
Emperor Xiaozong of Song China (reign: 1162–1189)
Hongzhi Emperor of the Ming Dynasty (reign: 1487–1505)
Temple name disambiguation pages
There are grooves (, . Sw-En translation: sharpening grooves) carved into rock in many places in Europe, and some of them appear on the Baltic Sea island of Gotland. They are common in France, where they were used to polish stone axes.
In Sweden, there are also grooves in north-western Scania and Halland. In Gantofta located south of Helsingborg a face of sandstone rock is engraved with thousands of grooves. Local tradition says they were made as whetstones.
Grooves in France date from the Neolithic and are called polissoirs. Those in l'Aube date from c. 2500 to 2000 BCE. People who built dolmens, erected menhirs and made grooves supported an archaeological culture known as Seine-Oise-Marne. The Aube district had more than 130 monuments from this period including 49 grooves before 1927. Today there are only 34 including 16 grooves. Many stones were cut into roadstones or building blocks for homes.
Grooves have also been found in Tavastia in Finland and in Luxembourg, as well as at Fyfield Down in England.
Neolithic Grooves have been found in Tamil Nadu, India.
Gotland
3,600 grooves have been discovered on Gotland, of which 700 are in limestone outcrops, while the remainder are on c. 800 boulders and slabs. The grooves are long, c. deep and c. wide.
The grooves began to attract scholarly attention in the 1850s. At first they were called "sharpening stones", but later they received the name "sword sharpening stones". After some time, newspapers and scholarly publications began to dispute this, since the shape of the grooves makes them unfit for sharpening swords. Another reason was that by 1933, more than 500 sites with grooves had been identified on Gotland. They were evenly distributed across the island. It was also noted that they ran in different directions and often crossed each other.
The dates and function of the grooves on Gotland have seen debate in recent decades between archaeologists who argue for a High Medieval date and some industrial function, and proponents of an alternative theory who argue for a Neolithic date and a ritual calendar function. The latter support their view mainly with the idea that the direction of each groove might be given an astronomical interpretation, where each groove would mark a sightline towards a certain celestial phenomenon that may be reconstructed for a certain year during the Stone Age. The grooves under overhangs in Scania cannot have been used as sightlines in this suggested manner.
Certain late 1st-millennium picture stones on Gotland carry grooves that have been made after the relief of the stones was carved, which show the grooves to be late. Likewise with the level above current sea surface of the lowest grooved outcrops on the island, that shows them to be no older than AD 1000 judging from post-glacial shoreline displacement. It has been suggested that on one picture stone, part of the Late Iron Age decoration is carved into the bottom of a groove, meaning that this groove must be older than the picture.
References
External links
Archaeology of Sweden
Archaeoastronomy
Durandus (died 1024/5) was an 11th-century bishop of Liège.
Life
Durandus was born to an obscure family in Morialmé, in the principality of Liège, and was a vassal of the local lord. Recommended to Notker of Liège by his lord, he was educated in the bishop's school. On the recommendation of Wolbodo, Emperor Henry II appointed him vice-chancellor of the Empire and scholaster of Bamberg Cathedral.
After Wolbodo's death, in 1021, Durandus succeeded him as bishop of Liège. He consecrated the church of Gembloux on 25 July 1022. In 1023 he took part in the Synod of Cologne.
He died in Liège on 23 January 1024 or 1025.
References
1020s deaths
Prince-Bishops of Liège
11th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Holy Roman Empire
Alex Rohde (born January 17, 1991), better known by his ring names Alexander Hammerstone or simply Hammerstone is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to Major League Wrestling, where he is the current MLW World Heavyweight Champion in his first reign. He was also the inaugural and longest reigning MLW National Openweight Champion.
Professional wrestling career
Early life and career (2013–2016)
Hammerstone is originally from Phoenix, Arizona. He debuted on the Arizona independent circuit in 2013 with Championship Wrestling from Arizona (CWFA) and Arizona Wrestling Federation (AWF). In 2014, he wrestled in Las Vegas for Paragon Pro Wrestling (PPW) and Future Stars of Wrestling (FSW) and West Coast Wrestling Connection (WCWC) in Oregon. There he won his first championship, the WCWC Legacy Championship, in 2014, which he held for 132 days. He followed that later in 2014 with the WCWC Tag Team Championship with partner Grappler 3 (as The Wrecking Crew). Later in 2014, Hammerstone capped his time at WCWC by winning the WCWC Pacific Northwest Championship. In 2015, Hammerstone had a tryout with WWE. In April 2015, he won the PPW Tag Team Championship. In February 2016, he would participate in another WWE tryout. Around this time he also did extra work for the company, one time appearing as Tyler Breeze's bodyguard.
Independent circuit (2016–present)
In 2016, Hammerstone started working in California where he appeared for Championship Wrestling from Hollywood and made his debut for PCW Ultra. In 2017, he won the FSW Championship from Eli Drake. During the next two years he would hold the FSW Championship for over 600 combined days. He would receive additional tryouts from WWE in October 2017 and February 2018.
In 2018, he started being pushed heavily in PCW Ultra, getting wins against veteran wrestlers such as, Jeff Cobb, Brian Cage, Daga, Brody King, A. C. H., and Timothy Thatcher. In September of that year, at PCW Ultra Vision Quest, he challenged Penta El Zero M for the PCW Ultra Heavyweight Championship in a losing effort. That same year, he would wrestle for the nationally broadcast Ring Warriors during their first season.
On January 3, 2019, Hammerstone competed in a one night tournament for West Coast Pro Wrestling at their event, When the Smoke Clears, to crown the first WCPW Heavyweight Champion. He defeated Tyler Bateman in the finals. In January 2019 , he also competed on Impact Wrestling's Impact Xplosion, making his debut for the promotion.
Major League Wrestling
The Dynasty (2019–2021)
On February 2, 2019, Hammerstone debuted for Major League Wrestling (MLW). His first match featured him in a squash match against Ariel Dominguez. On the March 16 episode of Fusion, Hammerstone attacked The Hart Foundation (Teddy Hart, Brian Pillman Jr. and Davey Boy Smith Jr.) and joined the villainous stable The Dynasty, the other members including Richard Holliday and Maxwell Jacob Friedman. Hammerstone later defeated Pillman on the March 23 episode of Fusion.
During WrestleMania 35 weekend, he wrestled in the second annual Battle Riot match at the namesake event as the #34 entrant. He eliminated Brian Pillman Jr., Ariel Dominguez and Davey Boy Smith Jr., lasting until the final four until being eliminated by Mance Warner. On the April 26 episode of Fusion, Dynasty defeated Hart Foundation in a tables match. The match ended with Hammerstone putting Pillman through the table. Hammerstone was announced for the tournament to crown the inaugural National Openweight Champion. He defeated Gringo Loco in the semi-final on the May 11 episode of Fusion, and Brian Pillman Jr. in the final at Fury Road on June 1 to become the first National Openweight Champion.
Hammerstone successfully defended the title against Kotto Brazil at Kings of Colosseum, Davey Boy Smith Jr. via disqualification on the July 20 episode of Fusion and the Caribbean Heavyweight Champion Savio Vega on the August 10 episode of Fusion. On the October 12 episode of Fusion, Hammerstone defended the title against the Crash Heavyweight Champion Rey Horus in a title versus title match. Hammerstone lost via disqualification after interference by the Dynasty. The feud between Dynasty and the Hart Foundation continued as Hammerstone successfully defended the National Openweight Championship against Davey Boy Smith Jr. at MLW's first pay-per-view event Saturday Night SuperFight. After a successful title defense against Douglas James on the November 23 episode of Fusion, Hammerstone participated in the inaugural Opera Cup tournament, where he defeated his teammate MJF in the quarterfinal but lost to the eventual winner Davey Boy Smith Jr. in the semifinal.
Hammerstone continued to successfully defend the National Openweight Championship against the likes of Aero Star, T-Hawk and Laredo Kid in 2020 before MLW went on hiatus due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The storyline explanation was that Contra Unit attacked several MLW wrestlers and hijacked MLW's headquarters. MLW resumed holding events in November. It was explained in storyline that Hammerstone was a primary force in retrieving MLW from Contra Unit's occupation. The first episode of Fusion in several months took place on November 18, where Hammerstone defeated Jason Dugan and demanded a title shot against Jacob Fatu for the MLW World Heavyweight Championship due to being ranked #1 in MLW by Pro Wrestling Illustrated (PWI). Hammerstone confronted Fatu later that night but was attacked by Contra's newest member, the debuting Mads Krügger, turning Hammerstone into a fan favorite. As a result, Hammerstone began feuding with Krügger, leading to a match between the two for Hammerstone's National Openweight Championship at Kings of Colosseum on January 6, 2021. The match ended in a double count-out resulting in Hammerstone retaining the title. Hammerstone defeated Krügger in a Baklei Brawl on the March 2 episode of Fusion to end the feud.
World Heavyweight Champion (2021–present)
After successfully defending the National Openweight Championship against the likes of L.A. Park and Mil Muertes, Hammerstone participated in the Battle Riot match as the #35 entrant at Battle Riot III on July 24, 2021. Hammerstone eliminated the Sentai Death Squad, Josef Samael, Simon Gotch, Daivari and lastly Mads Krügger to win the Battle Riot, thus earning the Golden Ticket which required Hammerstone to cash-in for a World Heavyweight Championship match anytime and anywhere. After retaining the National Openweight Championship against Tom Lawlor on the September 29 episode of Fusion: Alpha, Hammerstone defeated Jacob Fatu in a title versus title match to win the World Heavyweight Championship and retain his National Openweight Championship at Fightland, which aired on October 7. As a result of winning the World Heavyweight Championship, Hammerstone relinquished the National Openweight Championship, ending his two-year reign at 865 days. The following month, at War Chamber, Hammerstone captained The Hammerheads (EJ Nduka, Richard Holliday, Matanza Duran and Savio Vega) to defeat the Contra Unit in the titular match.
He then feuded with Cesar Duran after he refused the promoter's offer, feuding with Black Taurus and King Muertes. On the premiere episode of Azteca on January 6, 2022, Hammerstone and Pagano defeated Taurus and Muertes in an Apocalypto Hardcore match. However, Pagano turned on Hammerstone, taking him on a warehouse, which Richard Holliday rescued him. On the January 27 episode of Azteca, Hammerstone retained the World Heavyweight Championship against Octagon Jr. Hammerstone successfully defended the World Heavyweight Championship against Pagano in a falls count anywhere match on the February 10, 2022 episode of Fusion. After the match, Holliday turned on Hammerstone by attacking him, thus breaking up the Dynasty.
Hammerstone retained the World Heavyweight Championship against Davey Richards at SuperFight and Jacob Fatu and Mads Krügger in a three-way match at Intimidation Games. Hammerstone continued his feud with Holliday. At Rise of the Renegades, Hammerstone teamed with The Von Erichs (Marshall and Ross) as The Von Hammers against King Muertes, Mads Krügger and Richard Holliday in a losing effort in a six-man tag team match. Hammerstone successfully defended the World Heavyweight Championship against Holliday at Kings of Colosseum.
Pro Wrestling Noah (2019)
On July 26, 2019, MLW announced a working agreement with Japanese based promotion Pro Wrestling Noah, which would include a talent-exchange agreement and content collaboration between the two promotions On July 29, it was announced that Hammerstone would represent MLW by participating in the 2019 N1-Victory, where he wrestled in Block A from August 18 to September 16.
Championships and accomplishments
AAW Wrestling
AAW Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Ace Perry
All-Star Wrestling At Gray-Bell
ASW Heavyweight Championship (1 time, current)
Arizona Wrestling Federation
AWF State Championship (1 time)
AWF Tag Team Championship (2 times) - with Joe Graves
DREAMWAVE Wrestling
Good as Gold Rumble (2016)
Future Stars of Wrestling
FSW Heavyweight Championship (3 times, current)
FSW Nevada State Championship (1 time)
FSW Tag Team Championship (1 time) - with Joe Graves
Global Syndicate Wrestling
GSW World Championship (1 time, current)
Lions Pride Sports
Lions Pride Sports 360 Championship (1 time)
Major League Wrestling
MLW World Heavyweight Championship (1 time, current)
MLW National Openweight Championship (1 time)
Battle Riot (2021)
MLW National Openweight Championship Tournament (2019)
Paragon Pro Wrestling
PPW Tag Team Championship (1 time) - with Alex Chamberlain
Power Precision Pro Wrestling
3PW Tag Team Championship (1 time) - with Joe Graves
PCW Ultra
PCW Ultra Heavyweight Championship (1 time, current)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 24 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2022
West Coast Pro Wrestling
WCPW Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
WCPW Heavyweight Championship Tournament (2019)
West Coast Wrestling Connection
WCWC Legacy Championship (1 time)
WCWC Pacific Northwest Championship (2 times)
WCWC Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with The Grappler 3
References
External links
Alexander Hammerstone on MLW.com
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Glendale, Arizona
American male professional wrestlers
Professional wrestlers from Arizona
MLW World Heavyweight Champions
MLW National Openweight Champions
21st-century professional wrestlers
The golden-crowned babbler (Sterrhoptilus dennistouni) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to the Philippines only being found in the moist tropical forest in Northern Luzon. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Description
Ebird describes this as "A fairly small bird... Has a gray back and cheek with fine pale streaks, dark wings and tail with white outer tail feathers, white underparts, and a yellow throat and crown. Note the slender black bill. Gives soft 'whip' calls while feeding." They are spotted foraging alone, in pairs or in mixed flocks with other species.
The golden-crowned babbler has been known to interbreed with the Calabarzon babbler in areas where their range overlaps.
Habitat and Conservation Status
Its natural habitat is tropical moist lowland forest
up to 1,150 m. It is often seen in lowland and foothill forest, open wooded areas with developed understory, bamboo, and tall grass. The IUCN Redlist has classified this species as near threatened. Its threats are mainly habitat loss due to deforestation for lumber, mining and farmlands. There are no known targeted conservation actions for this bird but it will indirectly benefit from the conservation of other North Luzon species like the Critically Endangered Isabela oriole. The stronghold of the Isabela oriole in Baggao is being proposed as a protected area and will thus preserve key habitat for this beautiful babbler.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Sterrhoptilus
Birds of Luzon
Birds described in 1895
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
George Sweeny (February 22, 1796 – October 10, 1877) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born near Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, Sweeny was a graduate of Dickinson College, Carlisle, Pennsylvania.
A lawyer, he was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Gettysburg in 1820, moving to Bucyrus, Ohio, in 1830. He served as prosecuting attorney of Crawford County in 1838.
Sweeny was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Congresses (March 4, 1839 – March 3, 1843). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1842, and returned to the practice of law in Ohio, including another term as prosecutor in Crawford County.
He died in Bucyrus, Ohio, October 10, 1877.
Sources
External links
1796 births
1877 deaths
People from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania
People from Bucyrus, Ohio
Dickinson College alumni
County district attorneys in Ohio
Ohio lawyers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Athletics at the 1959 Mediterranean Games were held in Beirut, Lebanon.
Results
Track
Field
Medal table
Participating nations
References
External links
Complete 1959 Mediterranean Games Standings.
Med
Athletics
1959
The Tyne-Tees Regiment was a regiment of the British Territorial Army. The regiment was part of 15 (North East) Brigade and was the Territorial unit of infantry in the area stretching from Scarborough in North Yorkshire, to Alnwick in Northumberland.
History
The regiment was formed in 1999 by the amalgamation of the 6th Battalion, The Royal Regiment of Fusiliers, 4th/5th Battalion The Green Howards (Yorkshire Volunteers) and 7th Battalion, The Light Infantry due to the implementation of the reforms of the Territorial Army envisaged in the Strategic Defence Review. The HQ was at Durham, and the regiment was composed of a headquarters company and five companies:
HQ Company, at Gilesgate Armoury, Durham
A (Green Howards) Company, at Scarborough and Northallerton(from A and C Companies, 4th/5th Battalion, Green Howards)
B (Green Howards) Company, at Middlesbrough, and Coulby Newham(from B and HQ Companies, 4th/5th Battalion, Green Howards)
C (Durham Light Infantry) Company, at Bishop Auckland, Consett, and Washington(from B and C Companies, 7th Battalion, Light Infantry)
X (Fusilier) Company, at Newcastle upon Tyne and Alnwick(from W and X Companies, 6th Battalion, Royal Regiment of Fusiliers)
Z (Fusilier) Company, at Ashington and Tynemouth(from Z Company, 6th Battalion, Royal Regiment of Fusiliers)
No new cap badge was created for this regiment, soldiers wore their former regimental cap badge or were badged according to the company they joined. On 4 July 2003, a composite company was dispatched to Iraq and was the first TA Infantry unit to be compulsorily mobilised since the Suez Crisis in 1956. The three platoons deployed served at Basra Palace, Basra Airport and Shaibah Logistics Base and were rotated around at intervals during this difficult and unstable period in Iraq's history.
In 2004, a platoon was deployed to Iraq as part of Normandy Company of The East and West Riding Regiment. During this tour, Normandy Company suffered one fatality, Private Mark Stephen Dobson of the Tyne-Tees Regiment, who was found dead in his accommodation at Basrah Air Station on 28 March 2005.
As part of the restructuring of the infantry announced in 2004, the Tyne-Tees Regiment was broken up, with its constituent companies going to their parent regiments:
A & B Companies merged to form B Company, 4th Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment on 6 June 2006.
X, Z and C Companies formed the 5th Battalion, Royal Regiment of Fusiliers
Minden (Light Infantry) Company, formerly of The East and West Riding Regiment, was broken up with the Doncaster detachment joining C (Durham Light Infantry) Company as the (Yorkshire Light Infantry) Platoon. The rest of the Wakefield-based Company formed the nucleus of the newly created 299 Parachute Squadrons, Royal Engineers.
References
External links
The Yorkshire Regiment MOD website
The Museum of The Green Howards website
The Yorkshire Volunteers Association website
Infantry regiments of the British Army
Royal Regiment of Fusiliers
Yorkshire Regiment
Army Reserve (United Kingdom)
Military units and formations disestablished in 2006
Military units and formations established in 1999
1999 establishments in the United Kingdom
2006 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
A fruticose lichen is a form of lichen fungi that is characterized by a coral-like shrubby or bushy growth structure. It is formed from a symbiotic relationship of a photobiont such as green algae or less commonly cyanobacteria and one, two or more mycobionts. Fruticose lichens are not a monophyletic and holophyletic lineage, but is a form encountered in many classes. Fruticose lichens have a complex vegetation structure, and are characterized by an ascending, bushy or pendulous appearance. As with other lichens, many fruticose lichens can endure high degrees of desiccation. They grow slowly and often occur in habitats such as on tree barks, on rock surfaces and on soils in the Arctic and mountain regions.
Characteristics
Fruticose lichens are lichens composed of a shrubby or bushy thallus and a holdfast. The thallus is the vegetative body of a lichen that does not have true leaves, stems, or roots. The thallus colour is affected by the algae in the lichen, compounds created by the lichen, the character of the fungal hyphae, and the amounts of light and water in its environment. A light thallus color is associated with lower light conditions within the growing environment.
Lichens may survive extreme desiccation by an ability to quench excess light energy. Characteristic of fruticose lichen is the shape of the thallus. Like crustose lichen, fruticose lichen is composed of a holdfast which will act as an anchor for the lichen to grow in rock fissures, over loose sand or soil.
Growth and structure
Fruticose or ‘shrubby' lichens differ from other forms of lichen because their bushy form is attached to the substrate only at the base of the lichen. A continuous algal layer grows around the circumference of the branches of the lichen. Many fruticose lichens have fine, round, hair-like structures and are loosely attached to rocks and trees. Although fruticose lichens are defined as being bushy, some can exhibit a flattened and strap-like appearances. Highly branched fruticose lichen have a high surface to volume ratio that results in a rapid drying and wetting pattern compared to lichens that have a lower surface to volume ratio.
The internal structure of a fruticose lichen branch has a dense outer cortex, a thin algal layer, a medulla and a hollow center or a dense central cord. The structure of fruticose lichens depends also on their mycobionts. Lichen undergoes diffuse growth and the thallus elongates over time. New branch cells grow through the wall materials of older neighboring cells. Microenvironmental conditions influence individual thalli and branches causing non-uniform growth. There may be many stages of growth for fruticose lichen from the beginning to end of their life cycle.
Reproduction and dispersal
Lichens reproduce vegetatively or possibly by fungal spores that would need to form new associations with other partners. There are three common spore-bearing structures found in lichens: the apothecium, the perithecium and the pycnidium. The apothecium is described as being either sessile or immersed. The thallus is known as sessile if it sits atop the surface of its growth medium. If the apothecium is level with or sits below the surface it is known as immersed. The second form of spore-bearing structure is a perithecium which refers to the complete immersion in the substratum of rock or bark. Finally, the pycnidium, commonly seen on the surface of foliose lichen and crustose lichen, are absent in fruticose lichens. Reproduction based on fungal spores has not been well documented, and the significance of this mode is not known.
Diversity
There are many different varieties of fruticose lichen. They are encountered in the following classes: Arthoniales, Licinales, Baeomycetales, Candelariales, Lecanorales, Peltigerales, Pertusariales, Teloschistales, and Mycocaliciales, among others. Each type of fruticose lichen will differ in structure and some types will be more dominant in a particular environment compared to other forms of fruticose lichen.
Pseudephebe minuscula has a fruticose thallus consisting of thin branches that result in the formation of dense mats.
Pseudephebe pubescens has thin branches that are loosely entangled.
Usnea has stringy strands that may be short, tufted and bush-like, and may reach a length of several meters. This form of lichen has a characteristic tough central core. This gives a mild degree of support to the lichen while also providing storage for a large proportion of the water contained in this form called fruticose lichen.
Distribution and accumulation
Fruticose growth forms can be found world-wide in wet humid climates, in temperate rainforests, or in arid conditions. Fruticose lichens are most commonly distributed in mountains, forests and arctic tundra. The accumulation rate of lichen varies within different environments. Lichen biomass accumulation rates decrease from mountain to alpine belts and from tree top to base. This is because lichens near tree tops are in their early life stages when growth rates are higher. Lower lichen accumulation of the alpine belt may be explained by harsh climate.
Economic and ecological significance
Although they lack economic importance comparable to that of their algal and fungal components, some lichens play an important role in nitrogen cycling, providing critical winter forage for caribou and colonizing newly exposed surfaces.
References
Lichenology
Pierre Manent (; born 6 May 1949, Toulouse) is a French political scientist and academic. He teaches political philosophy at the École des Hautes Études en Sciences Sociales, in the Centre de recherches politiques Raymond Aron. Every autumn, he is also a visiting teacher in Boston College at the Department of Political Science.
After graduating from the École normale supérieure, he became assistant to Raymond Aron at the Collège de France. He was one of the founders of the quarterly Commentaire and remains a regular contributor.
Manent is a key figure of the contemporary French political philosophy and his work has helped the rediscovery of the French liberal tradition. A eurosceptic and a classical liberal, he has been called by The Weekly Standard "the most profound of the Euroskeptical philosophers".
Bibliography
In French
Naissances de la politique moderne: Machiavel, Hobbes, Rousseau (Payot, 1997, reed., Gallimard, 2007)
Tocqueville et la nature de la démocratie (1982, reed. 1993)
Les Libéraux (1986, reed. Gallimard, 2001)
Histoire intellectuelle du libéralisme: dix leçons (1987, reed. 1997)
La Cité de l'homme (1994, reed. Flammarion, 1997)
Modern Liberty and Its Discontent (1998)
Cours familier de philosophie politique (Fayard, 2001, reed Gallimard 2004)
L'Amour et l'amitié d'Allan Bloom (traduction) (Livre de Poche, 2003)
Une éducation sans autorité ni sanction ? (with Alain Renaut et Albert Jacquard, Grasset, 2004)
La raison des nations (Gallimard, 2006)
Ce que peut la littérature (with Alain Finkielkraut, Mona Ozouf et Suzanne Julliard, Stock, coll. « Les Essais », 2006, 295 p., )
Enquête sur la démocratie : Etudes de philosophie politique (Gallimard, 2007)
In English
Metamorphoses of the City: On the Western Dynamic Marc A. Lepain, trans., (Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press, 2013).
Democracy Without Nations: The Fate of Self-Government in Europe Paul Seaton, trans., (Wilmington, Delaware: Intercollegiate Studies Instituts, 2007).
A World beyond Politics? Marc A. Lepain, trans., (Princeton, New Jersey: Princeton University Press, 2006).
Modern Liberty and its Discontents. Daniel J. Mahoney and Paul Seaton, trans., (Lanham, Maryland: Rowman & Littlefield Publishers, 1998).
The City of Man. Marc A. LePain, trans., (Princeton, New Jersey: Princeton University Press, 1998).
Tocqueville and the Nature of Democracy. John Waggoner, trans., (Lanham, Maryland: Rowman & Littlefield, 1996).
An Intellectual History of Liberalism. Rebecca Balinski, trans., (Princeton, New Jersey: Princeton University Press, 1994).
References
External links
“The Return of Political Philosophy”, Pierre Manent, First Things (May 2000)
"Birth of the Nation", Pierre Manent, City Journal (Winter 2013)
1949 births
École Normale Supérieure alumni
Boston College faculty
French political scientists
Living people
French male non-fiction writers
21st-century French philosophers
Writers from Toulouse
Members of the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences
The 2014–15 Southern Conference men's basketball season began on November 14, 2014, and concluded in March with the 2015 Southern Conference men's basketball tournament played at the U.S. Cellular Center in Asheville, North Carolina.
Following the previous season's departure of Appalachian State, Georgia Southern, Davidson, and Elon from the league, three new members were added - East Tennessee State, Mercer, and VMI. Both ETSU and VMI had previously competed in the SoCon, as the Buccaneers left for the Atlantic Sun Conference in 2005, while VMI spent eleven years in the Big South. Mercer came from the Atlantic Sun as well. With ten league members, the conference schedule featured a full round-robin with two games against every opponent, totaling eighteen, up from sixteen the previous season.
Wofford, the preseason favorites, cruised through the SoCon regular season with a 16–2 conference record en route to their second straight conference tournament title. Wofford senior guard Karl Cochran was named Player of the Year, while fellow Terrier Lee Skinner was named tournament MVP.
Awards and honors
Player of the Year: Karl Cochran, Wofford
Freshman of the Year: Devin Sibley, Furman
Defense Player of the Year: Justin Tuoyo, Chattanooga
Coach of the Year: Mike Young, Wofford
All–SoCon Teams
All-Conference Team
All-Freshman
Postseason
SoCon tournament
Bracket
* denotes overtime period
NCAA tournament
College Basketball Invitational
Head coaches
Will Wade, Chattanooga
Chuck Driesell, The Citadel
Murry Bartow, ETSU
Niko Medved, Furman
Bob Hoffman, Mercer
Scott Padgett, Samford
Wes Miller, UNC Greensboro
Duggar Baucom, VMI
Larry Hunter, Western Carolina
Mike Young, Wofford
References
The 2008 Asian Men's Club Volleyball Championship was the 9th staging of the AVC Club Championships. The tournament was held in Almaty, Kazakhstan.
Pools composition
The teams are seeded based on their final ranking at the 2007 Asian Men's Club Volleyball Championship.
''* Withdrew, replaced by Kazakhstan B.
Preliminary round
Pool A
|}
|}
Pool B
|}
|}
Classification 5th–8th
Semifinals
|}
7th place
|}
5th place
|}
Final round
Semifinals
|}
3rd place
|}
Final
|}
Final standing
Awards
MVP: Marat Imangaliyev (Almaty)
Best Scorer: Hicham Guemmadi (Al-Nasr)
Best Server: Ali Kerboua (Al-Nasr)
Best Spiker: Mohsen Andalib (Paykan)
Best Blocker: Alireza Nadi (Paykan)
Best Receiver: Dmitriy Gorbatkov (Almaty)
Best Setter: Alexey Stepanov (Almaty)
Best Digger: Kenji Sabato (Suntory)
References
Asian Volleyball Confederation
Results
V
A
V
Andrea Hinding (born July 15, 1942) was an American archivist. She was an elected fellow of the Society of American Archivists, whose two-volume work Women's History Sources: A Guide to Archives and Manuscript Collections in the United States (1979) shaped the study of women's history and archival practices relating to sources about women over the following two decades.
Early life and education
Hinding grew up in the American Midwest, as the eldest child of a Danish father and Slovenian mother. She began studying journalism at Marquette University, Wisconsin, before moving to the University of Minnesota in the early 1960s. In 1966, she graduated in history magna cum laude, and earned a master's degree in history in 1973.
Career
Hinding was the first staff person and later curator of the University of Minnesota Elmer L. Anderson Library. She also wrote and edited books about archives and history, particularly women's history and feminism, sports and the YMCA. She also published articles through the Society of American Archivists' journal, The American Archivist, and is listed as an editor on many books, journals and directories.
Hinding's two-volume work Women's History Sources: A Guide to Archives and Manuscript Collections in the United States was described by Nan Robertson in the New York Times as "the bible of reference books in women's history". It "shaped scholarship in women's history through-out the 1980s and early 1990s", and "caused many archivists to rethink the way they organized and described their holdings, eventually bringing to light countless women's materials hidden in the papers of husbands, fathers, and sons. It could no longer be asserted accurately that there were few resources for the study of women's history."
Hinding was elected a Fellow of the Society of American Archivists in 1977, and served on the executive council from 1975 to 1979 and as president from 1984 to 1985. She was a longtime member of the Organization of American Historians and the Midwest Archives Conference, and served on the executive council of the former from 1977 to 1980.
She also served as University of Minnesota representative for women's issues on the Big Ten Conference in the mid 1970s. In 1986, when several Universities of Minnesota basketball players were charged with sexual assault, she disagreed with university president Kenneth Keller's decision to set up a task force to study the issue, and stated that more decisive action, such as canceling the season or firing the athletic director Paul Giel, should have been taken.
Publications
Common bonds : a memoir in photographs of the University of Minnesota, 1997
Proud heritage: a history in pictures of the YMCA in the United States, 1988
Feminism: Opposing Viewpoints, 1986
Women's History Sources: A Guide to Archives and Manuscript Collections in the United States, Vols 1 and 2, 1979
References
American archivists
Female archivists
Year of birth unknown
People from Minnesota
University of Minnesota College of Liberal Arts alumni
University of Minnesota faculty
Presidents of the Society of American Archivists
1942 births
Living people
São Jorge is a settlement in the northern part of the island of Fogo, Cape Verde. It is situated near the coast, 2 km west of Campanas Baixo, 2 km northeast of Galinheiro and 15 km northeast of the island capital São Filipe.
Sights
Ponta da Salina is a headland close to the village. There is a small natural harbour and a bay with basalt rock formations, one of which looks like a natural arch. There are some natural swimming pools and a dark sand beach where swimming is possible if the sea is not too rough. There is a sightworthy old cemetery, which is surrounded by a wall, close to the beach. Most of the graves have very simple wooden crosses without any names.
References
Villages and settlements in Fogo, Cape Verde
São Filipe, Cape Verde
The Cape Town Progressive Jewish Congregation (CTPJC), also known as Temple Israel, is the umbrella body of three Progressive Jewish congregations in Cape Town (Wynberg, Green Point and Milnerton). As three congregations combined they are the largest Progressive congregation in South Africa and the second largest Jewish congregation in Cape Town. The congregation has over 3000 members and was first established in 1944. The CTPJC is an affiliate of the South African Union for Progressive Judaism (SAUPJ), which is part of the World Union for Progressive Judaism (WUPJ).
History
The congregation was founded in Green Point in 1944 by founding rabbinic couple, Rabbi Dr David Sherman (z”l) and Bertha Sherman. Green Point adjoins Sea Point the main centre of Jewish life in Cape Town. In 1965, a second temple was opened in Wynberg to serve congregants in the Southern Suburbs. The most recent congregation was formed in 1998 in Milnerton.
Leadership and organisation
The congregation is served by four rabbis;
Rabbi Greg Alexander was raised in Progressive Judaism in Johannesburg, and is a graduate of the University of Cape Town and Netzer Olami. He completed his rabbinical training at the Leo Baeck College in London.
Rabbi Malcolm Matitiani was raised in the Progressive movement in Pretoria. He became one of the first three rabbis to be ordained in Germany (at the Abraham-Geiger-Kolleg) since the Shoah. He also has a master's degree in Rabbinic Literature from the University of Cape Town.
Rabbi Emma Gottlieb is from Toronto, Canada. She graduated from the Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion in New York City in 2010 and has subsequently served congregations in the United States and Canada.
Rabbi Richard Newman was raised in the Progressive movement in Cape Town. He lived in Israel for more than 16 years and completed his rabbinical training at Abraham-Geiger-Kolleg in Germany. He holds degrees from Leeds University and UNISA and has also lectured in Yiddish and Hebrew at the University of Denver.
References
External links
CTPJC official website
Progressive Judaism in South Africa
1944 establishments in South Africa
Jews and Judaism in South Africa
Jews and Judaism in Cape Town
The women's 1500 metres event at the 1981 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 22 February.
Results
References
1500 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
1500
Euro
Moniatycze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 473.
References
Moniatycze
Adenochilus gracilis is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to New Zealand. It has a long, thin underground rhizome, a single leaf on the flowering stem and a single white flower with glandular hairs on the outside. Its labellum has red to maroon bars and a central band of yellow calli but is almost obscured by the dorsal sepal.
Description
Adenochilus gracilis is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with a long, thin, horizontal rhizome. There is a single egg-shaped to oblong leaf with a heart-shaped base, long near the base of the flowering stem. There is a similar leaf about halfway up the flowering stem but lacking a petiole. A single white flower wide is borne on the end of the flowering spike which is up to tall. The outer surface of the sepals and petals is covered with short glandular hairs. The dorsal sepal is lance-shaped and forms a hood over the labellum and column, almost obscuring them. The lateral sepals spread widely apart from each other and the petals are similar to the sepals. The labellum curves downwards and has three lobes, the central lobe narrower than the others and has red to maroon bars and two to four rows of yellow calli in a dense central band. Flowering occurs between October and March.
Taxonomy and naming
Adenochilus gracilis was first formally described in 1853 by Joseph Dalton Hooker and the description was published in Flora Novae-Zelandiae. The specific epithet (gracilis) is a Latin word meaning "slender.
Distribution and habitat
This orchid grows in thick layers of moss or partly decomposed leaf litter in scrub and forests. It is found on the North, South, Stewart and Chatham Islands.
References
gracilis
Plants described in 1853
Orchids of New Zealand
Taxa named by Joseph Dalton Hooker
The Valea Vințului () is a right tributary of the river Mureș in Transylvania, Romania. It discharges into the Mureș in Vințu de Jos. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Alba County
Jackie Pigeaud (1937 – 13 November 2016) was a French professor of Latin and historian of medicine. He occupied a chair at the University of Nantes and was a member of the Institut Universitaire de France.
His field of research was the relationship of body and soul in the tradition of medical thought. He died in Orvault in 2016.
Works
(Ed.), Théroigne de Méricourt, La Lettre-mélancolie, Lettre adressée en 1801 à Danton (mort en... 1794), transcripte par Jean-Pierre Ghersenzon, Verdier / L'Éther Vague, 2005.
La maladie de l'âme. Etude sur la relation de l'âme et du corps dans la tradition médico-philosophique antique (thèse de doctorat, published 1981), repr. with a new preface 2006, Les Belles Lettres, 590pp. .
L'Art et le Vivant, Gallimard, 1995. .
Poétiques du corps. Aux origines de la médecine, Les Belles Lettres, L'Age d'or, 2008, 706pp.
Melancholia: Le malaise de l'individu, Payot, Manuels Payot, 2008, 272pp. .
Related publications
Une traversée des savoirs. Mélanges offerts à Jackie Pigeaud par Jean Dhombres, Yves Hersant, Philippe Heuzé, Philippe Mudry, Éric Van der Schueren, Les collections de la République des Lettres, LES PRESSES DE L'UNIVERSITÉ LAVAL LES ÉDITIONS DE L'IQRC: Québec 2008 (Festschrift)
Roger-Pol Droit, Jackie Pigeaud : « L'Antiquité, j'y habite … », Le Monde des livres, venrdedi 26 septembre 2008, p. 10
References
External links
Jackie Pigeaud at the Institut universitaire de France
Jackie Pigeaud, Mélancolie, Psychiatrie Française, vol. XXX, no. 3, 1999, pages 149-154
1937 births
2016 deaths
University of Lorraine faculty
French medical historians
University of Nantes faculty
French male non-fiction writers
The Best of UFO (1974–1983) is the greatest hits collection by the British hard rock band UFO, released in 2008. All songs were digitally remastered in 2007 and 2008.
Track listing
"Rock Bottom" - 6:30
"Oh My" - 2:24
"Let It Roll" - 3:56
"Shoot Shoot" - 3:38
"Can You Roll Her" - 2:56
"I'm a Loser" - 3:53
"Natural Thing" - 4:00
"Lights Out" - 4:30
"Love to Love" - 7:04
"Too Hot to Handle" - 3:37
"Only You Can Rock Me" (7" version) - 3:31
"Doctor Doctor" (live 7" edit) - 3:41
"Lettin' Go" - 4:02
"Young Blood" (7" edit) - 3:06
"Lonely Heart" (7" edit) - 4:13
"Chains Chains" - 3:25
"Let It Rain" - 4:01
"We Belong to the Night" - 3:59
"When It's Time to Rock" - 3:46
References
2008 greatest hits albums
UFO (band) compilation albums
Chrysalis Records compilation albums
The Blackmail Starters Kit is the second EP by Spahn Ranch, released on April 1, 1994 by Cleopatra Records. It contains remixes from the band's 1993 debut studio album Collateral Damage.
Reception
Jon Worley of Aiding & Abetting commended The Blackmail Starters Kit EP for being a stylistic departure from the band's debut studio album and said "mixing elements of heavy industrial, goth and just plain meanness, Spahn Ranch creates a picture of the world that is sparse and unyielding." Option compared the band favorably to Ministry and Nine-Inch Nails and claimed "the beats aren't altogether mechanical, the guitar grind is often captivating, and the vocals are appropriately buried in electronic dirt."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from The Blackmail Starters Kit liner notes.
Spahn Ranch
Matt Green – sampler, keyboards, production (1-4, 6, 7), remix (2)
Athan Maroulis – lead vocals
Rob Morton – programming, sampler, production, recording (5)
Production and design
Thomas Eakins – painting
Judson Leach – recording (1-4, 6, 7), remix (3, 4)
Christopher Payne – cover art, illustrations, design
Release history
References
External links
The Blackmail Starters Kit at iTunes
1994 EPs
Remix EPs
Spahn Ranch (band) albums
Cleopatra Records EPs
"Light" is a song by industrial rock band KMFDM from their 1993 album Angst. The single was first released in 1994 and contains nine different remixes of the song. "Light" peaked at No. 31 on the Billboard Dance/Club Play Songs Chart in May 1994. The single was re-released as a 7" in 2009, and the song was remixed and released as "Light 2010" on December 17, 2010.
Track listing
1994 CD release
1994 and 2014 12" release
2009 7" release
Light 2010
Personnel
Sascha Konietzko – vocals, bass, synths, programming, mixing
Günter Schulz – guitars
En Esch – vocals
Mark Durante – guitars
Dorona Alberti – vocals
Additional personnel
William Rieflin - additional guitars (2), additional drums (2)
Jim Marcus - additional programming (3, 9)
Jason McNinch - engineering (3, 9)
Matt Warren - assistant engineering (3, 9)
Trent Reznor - mixing (4)
Dick Tater - drums (5)
Van Detta - additional programming (5)
Arron Leverenz - bass (6)
Burle Avant - mixing, production (6)
Eric Zimmermann - mixing, production (6)
Kevon Smith - guitar (8)
Liz Conant - keyboards (8)
Ron Gresham - mixing (8)
Vince Lawrence - additional programming (8)
Production
Chris Shepard – recording, engineering, mixing
Sam Hofstedt - assistant engineering (2, 5)
Chris Vrenna - assistant engineering (4)
Vince Lawrence - engineering (6, 8), mixing (8)
References
External links
[ allmusic.com] review at Allmusic
1994 singles
KMFDM songs
TVT Records singles
1994 songs
Wax Trax! Records singles
Songs written by Sascha Konietzko
Songs written by Mark Durante
Songs written by Günter Schulz
Songs written by En Esch
Songs written by Chris Shepard
The 2017 Sacramento State Hornets football team represented California State University, Sacramento as a member of the Big Sky Conference during the 2017 NCAA Division I FCS football season. Led by fourth-year head coach Jody Sears, Sacramento State compiled an overall record of 7–4 with a mark of 6–2 in conference play, placing in a three-way tie for third in the Big Sky. The Hornets played home games at Hornet Stadium in Sacramento, California.
Schedule
Despite Weber State also being a member of the Big Sky Conference, the September 16 game against Sacramento State was considered a non-conference game.
Game summaries
at Idaho
Incarnate Word
Weber State
Southern Utah
at Eastern Washington
Idaho State
at North Dakota
at Northern Arizona
Northern Colorado
at Cal Poly
UC Davis
References
Sacramento State
Sacramento State Hornets football seasons
Sacramento State Hornets football
Night Spot is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Christy Cabanne and written by Lionel Houser. The film stars Harry Parke, Allan Lane, Gordon Jones, Joan Woodbury, and Lee Patrick. The film was released on February 25, 1938, by RKO Pictures.
Plot
Marge Dexter is bored with her career and wants to sing, so she goes to an interview at the Royal Beach Club owned by gangster Marty Davis, she gets the job, but there are two policemen working undercover as band members.
Cast
Harry Parke as Gashouse (credited as Parkyakarkus)
Allan Lane as Pete Cooper
Gordon Jones as Riley
Joan Woodbury as Marge Dexter
Lee Patrick as Flo Bradley
Bradley Page as Marty Davis
Jack Carson as Shallen
Frank M. Thomas as Headwaiter
Joseph Crehan as Inspector Wayland
Crawford Weaver as Smokey
Cecil Kellaway as Willard Lorryweather
Rollo Lloyd as Vail
References
External links
1938 films
American black-and-white films
RKO Pictures films
Films directed by Christy Cabanne
American comedy films
1938 comedy films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Alexander Högnason (born 7 August 1968) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a defender. He won three caps for the Iceland national football team between 1990 and 1996 and scored once.
References
Alexander Högnason international appearances at ksi.is
1968 births
Living people
Alexander Hognason
Alexander Hognason
Association football defenders
Alexander Hognason
Alexander Hognason
Babytalk, America's oldest baby magazine, was launched in 1935 as a supplement to customers of a national cloth diaper delivery service based in New Jersey. The free monthly publication aimed to help new mothers trust their maternal instincts with "straight talk" from experts and real moms. Babytalk was part of The Parenting Group, which includes Parenting magazine; the Parenting.com website; Working Mother magazine; Conceive; MomConnection, an online research tool; and a custom content unit. Meredith Corporation, which owns American Baby, Babytalk'''s biggest competitor, bought Babytalk in May 2013 and shuttered the title.
With a controlled circulation of 2,000,000, Babytalk reached more than 5.5 million readers a month through a combination of in-home subscriptions and distribution at baby retailers, maternity boutiques and OB/GYN offices across the country. Babytalk was distributed at Babies "R" Us, BuyBuyBaby, and Baby Depot, among others.
Many of the features in the magazine were reproduced on sister publication Parenting's website, Parenting.com. The site also features a Pregnancy Planner, with fetal development photos, a customized newsletter and pregnancy info synchronized to a mother's due date; a baby namer tool, with thousands of name descriptions; a fertility calculator, buying guides, blogs, along with resources for health and safety, and child development.
In 2001, Babytalk became the first parenting magazine to feature a child with Down syndrome on the cover.
History
Editor-in-chief Susan Kane led the successful repositioning of all three publications in the Babytalk franchise in 2005 – Babytalk, Babytalk Mom-to-Be, and Babytalk First Months. Under Kane's leadership, Babytalk garnered several industry awards, including a 2005 American Society of Magazine Editors National Magazine Award win in the Personal Service category for an article on breastfeeding.
Beginning in 2005, Babytalk hosted "World's Biggest Playgroup" gatherings across the country. Aimed at new moms and their babies, this popular event featured live kids' entertainment, music classes, valet stroller parking, raffles, giveaways, and photo opportunities. In the past, the event has taken place in Westminster, California, New York City, and at the Mall of America in Minneapolis.
The magazine encountered controversy in 2006 when the August issue depicted a breastfeeding baby on the cover. An Associated Press article on public reaction to the image sparked hundreds of newspaper articles and TV segments highlighting the challenges that women face when attempting to breastfeed—along with more than 8,000 letters applauding the decision to feature a nursing mom on the cover of a national magazine.Babytalk also partnered with Good Morning America on its annual Cover Contest for several years. In 2006, viewers voted online to choose the winner, Abigail Goldman of Cherry Hill, NJ, who appeared on the cover of the October 2006 issue of Babytalk'' and received a $5,000 shopping spree at Babies "R" Us.
Ana Connery was named editor of Babytalk in 2009, and was promoted to director of The Parenting Group's print content operations in September 2010. In May 2013 the magazine was sold to Meredith Corp., and following the change in ownership it ceased publication.
References
External links
Official website
Bonnier Group
Defunct Meredith Corporation magazines
Magazines established in 1935
Magazines disestablished in 2013
Magazines published in New York City
Magazines published in New Jersey
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Parenting magazines
The Calling is the third extended play by Dutch-Iranian artist Sevdaliza. It was released 27 March 2018 by Twisted Elegance. The cover was shot by Yann Weber.
The EP is 7 tracks long and was supported by the singles "Soul Syncable" and "Human Nature". The latter track would later be reworked and appear on Sevdaliza's second studio album Shabrang.
Background and release
On 31 January, Sevdaliza released the lead single from The Calling, "Soul Syncable". It was released on the day of the first super blue moon in 150 years. Writing in third person, Sevdaliza spoke about the track in a press release:
On 27 February, Sevdaliza released the second single from the EP "Human Nature". Similar to the release of "Soul Syncable", "Human Nature" was released on the day of the arrival of the Black Moon, a phenomenon that occurs once every 20 years. She also announced the release of the EP that same day.
The EP received a digital release on 30 March, as well as a limited vinyl release on 21 April as part of Record Store Day 2018. The vinyl was later made available for purchase on Sevdaliza's website.
Critical reception
The Calling received fairly positive reviews from music critics.
Ilana Kalish from Atwood Magazine described the EP as "a complex and spiritual soundtrack, worthy of this lofty life affirming journey". She notes on the lyricism presented on the EP, "Sevdaliza's soul searching lyrics whisper seductively, seeking that place in your soul where they make the most sense", as well as, "undulating twists and turns of The Calling's trip-hop soundscape."
Katherine St. Asaph from Pitchfork states, "the Dutch-Iranian singer continues to mine trip-hop for inspiration, with a voice that evokes the genre's greats." She notes that Sevdaliza's voice draws from influences such as, "Tracey Thorn's richness, Nicola Hitchcock's tremolo", also stating, "while adding distinctive melisma evoking her Iranian roots." She points out the track "Soothsayer", which she says, "has moments that spool out slowly, very much like parts of Björk's Arca-produced Vulnicura." She concludes the review by saying, "The highs are high, the lows barely exist, and the rest is finely crafted: the work of a mind that has styled its interior down to the most immaculate detail."
Jem Aswad from Variety also points out influences, noting, "occasional quavering Portisheadian moods", "FKA Twig-ish elements", and, "swooning string arrangements that recall Siouxsie & the Banshees circa “Dazzle”". She points out several tracks on the EP, including "Energ1", where "a particularly beautiful moment occurs in the middle of... when a driving beat underpins an aching string quartet, then the beat starts to fracture as her voice, treated to sound ghost-like, floats in", and "Observer", which she states is "one of the most commercial-leaning songs she's ever done", while noting "its relative normal-ness is as disorienting as the odder tracks that precede it." She summarises, "It all gets very high-concept at times... but while it commands the listener's attention, it's rarely jarring or unpleasant. A constantly shifting soundscape of strings, beats and voices, The Calling finds Sevdaliza morphing initially familiar sounds into ever-odder new shapes."
Track listing
All tracks written by Sevdaliza; all tracks produced by Mucky and Sevdaliza.
Notes
The length of "Human Nature" depicted refers to the original version, which now only appears on physical editions of The Calling. The updated version is 5:00, which includes added string sections and excludes a spoken word outro.
Personnel
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
Sevdaliza – creative executive production, mixing
Mucky – technical executive production, mixing, mastering
Mihai Puscoiu – string arrangements
Leon Den Engelsen – additional keys, additional synthesizers
Thijs Lodewijk – additional synthesizers
Release history
References
Sevdaliza albums
2018 EPs
Sparks! is the debut album by soul jazz guitarist Melvin Sparks recorded for the Prestige label in 1970.
Reception
The Allmusic site awarded the album 3 stars calling it "A solid soul-jazz outing that looks to commercial material for the bulk of the set, but doesn't unduly compromise itself in a pop direction... commercial choices, to be sure, but executed with relaxed grit".
Track listing
"Thank You (Falettinme Be Mice Elf Agin)" (Sly Stone) - 8:08
"I Didn't Know What Time It Was" (Lorenz Hart, Richard Rodgers) - 6:35
"Charlie Brown" (Jerry Leiber, Mike Stoller) - 5:55
"The Stinker" (Leon Spencer) - 7:00
"Spill the Wine" (Papa Dee Allen, Harold Ray Brown, B.B. Dickerson, Lonnie Jordan, Charles Miller, Lee Oskar, Howard Scott) - 11:10
Personnel
Melvin Sparks - guitar
Virgil Jones - trumpet
John Manning, Houston Person (tracks 3 & 4) - tenor saxophone
Leon Spencer - organ
Idris Muhammad - drums
Production
Bob Porter - producer
Rudy Van Gelder - engineer
References
Melvin Sparks albums
1970 debut albums
Prestige Records albums
Albums produced by Bob Porter (record producer)
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Valley of Love is a 2015 French film directed by Guillaume Nicloux, starring Gérard Depardieu and Isabelle Huppert. It tells the story of two French people who used to be a couple and had a son 25 years ago. They reunite after the son's death, having received a letter asking them to visit five places in Death Valley, which will make the son reappear. The film was selected to compete for the Palme d'Or at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival. Its film won the César Award for Best Cinematography at the 41st César Awards.
Plot
Gérard and Isabelle, a French couple separated for decades, meet up at a desert motel in California. Each has received a letter from their son Michaël, who killed himself in San Francisco six months earlier, asking them to visit certain spots in Death Valley on certain days, when he will reappear to them. While Isabelle has stayed petite and attractive, she is shocked to see that Gérard is in poor health and enormous. The two squabble and sentimentalise, sometimes wondering if an old flame could be reignited and sometimes sick of the other's company. Grumbling at the apparent pointlessness of the mission, and wilting under the intense heat, they nevertheless follow Michaël's instructions. One night back at the motel, Isabelle panics and Gérard rushes to her room. She is convinced there was an intruder, who could have been Michaël. She says he seized her ankles, which afterwards exhibit a mysterious inflammation. Out together in the desert, Gérard walks on alone and returns to Isabelle in panic, convinced that he met Michaël, who seized his wrists. Later, they too become inflamed. The film ends there, leaving viewers to ponder what meaning the couple will draw from their experience and whether it may bring them closer again.
Cast
Isabelle Huppert as Isabelle
Gérard Depardieu as Gérard
Production
The film was produced through Les Films du Worso and LGM Cinéma, with co-production support from DD Productions, France 3 Cinéma and Belgium's Scope Pictures. It was pre-bought by Canal+ and received backing from the CNC, Soficinéma, Cinémage, Cofinova and Palatine Etoile Soficas. Filming in California began on 8 September 2014.
Release
The film was released in France on 17 June 2015.
Accolades
References
External links
2015 films
Death Valley
Films directed by Guillaume Nicloux
Films set in California
Films shot in California
French drama films
2010s French-language films
Les Films du Worso films
2010s French films
macOS Keyboard is an encoding used in Classic macOS to represent keyboard symbols.
Character set
References
Keyboard
Find the Witness is a 1937 American drama film directed by David Selman and starring Charles Quigley, Henry Mollison and Rosalind Keith.
Cast
Charles Quigley as Larry McGill
Henry Mollison as Rudolph Mordini
Rosalind Keith as Linda Mason
Rita La Roy as Rita Calmette
Wade Boteler as Inspector Collins
Ernie Alexander as Jerry
Stanley Andrews as District Attorney
William Arnold as Reporter
Hooper Atchley as Carney
Sven Hugo Borg as Diver
Don Brodie as Reporter
Ralph Byrd as Tex
Nick Copeland as Manning
Frank De Voe as Reporter
Gladys Gale as Mrs. Rice
Creighton Hale as Bell Captain
Eddie Hart as Sailor
Harry Harvey as Barker
William Humphrey as Minister
Charles King as Burton
Ralph McCullough as Reporter
Ted Oliver as Deagle
Lee Shumway as Higgins
Reginald Simpson as Clerk
Harry Stafford as Judge
John Tyrrell as Jackson
Blanca Vischer as Spanish Waitress
Frederick Vogeding as Larson
Alyce Ardell as Louise
Jimmy Conlin as Swifty Mullins
Harry Depp as Dr. Rice
Edward Earle as Mr. Quinn
Charles C. Wilson as Charley Blair
References
Bibliography
Larry Langman & Daniel Finn. A Guide to American Crime Films of the Thirties. Greenwood Press, 1995.
External links
1937 films
1937 crime drama films
1930s English-language films
American crime drama films
Films directed by David Selman
Columbia Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
Ivica Tanković is a Croatian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Tanković played in the Yugoslav First League with NK Zagreb in 1969. Throughout his tenure with Zagreb he played in the 1969–70 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup. In 1974, he played in the National Soccer League with Hamilton Croatia.
References
Living people
Croatian footballers
Yugoslav footballers
Association football midfielders
NK Zagreb players
Hamilton Croatia players
Yugoslav First League players
Canadian National Soccer League players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Year of birth missing (living people)
International Plaza may refer to:
International Plaza (Pennsylvania). formerly known as Scott Plaza, an office complex in Tinicum Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania
International Plaza (Singapore), a commercial and residential building in Singapore
International Plaza and Bay Street, a shopping mall in Tampa, Florida
Buildings and structures disambiguation pages
Los Fresnos High School, also abbreviated as LFHS, is a public high school located in Los Fresnos, Texas (USA). It is the sole high school in the Los Fresnos Consolidated Independent School District. In 2015, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics
The Los Fresnos Falcons compete in the following sports:
Marching Band
Baseball
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Powerlifting
Soccer
Softball
Swimming and Diving
NJROTC
Tennis
Track and Field
Volleyball
Wrestling
References
External links
High schools in Cameron County, Texas
Public high schools in Texas
Joseph de Picciotto Bey () was a Sephardi Jewish senator appointed by Fuad I of Egypt (1924), an expert in economics, and a member of the board of directors of several companies, among them the bank Cassa di Sconto e di Risparmio.
He contributed periodically to al-Muqattam, where his economic and financial studies were well received.
In Egypt, at the request of Senator Joseph de Picciotto Bey, the Senate decided, according to press reports, not to hold meetings on the Sabbath day.
Joseph de Picciotto Bey was the Gabbay of "Eliyahu Hanavi Synagogue" in Alexandria, Egypt (1914–1932).
References
External links
Senator Joseph De Picciotto Bey Geni Account
The Sephardim in Egypt
1872 births
1938 deaths
Egyptian bankers
Egyptian Sephardi Jews
Egyptian economists
20th-century Egyptian politicians
History of the Jews in Africa
Jewish Egyptian history
Jewish Egyptian politicians
Politicians from Alexandria
Henry II (951 – 28 August 995), called the Wrangler or the Quarrelsome (), a member of the German royal Ottonian dynasty, was Duke of Bavaria from 955 to 976 and again from 985 to 995, as well as Duke of Carinthia from 989 to 995.
Life
He was the son of Duke Henry I of Bavaria, younger brother of King Otto I of Germany (Emperor from 962), and his wife Judith. Henry succeeded his father at the age of four, under the guardianship of his mother. His sister Hadwig was married to Duke Burchard III of Swabia in 954. In 972 Henry married Princess Gisela of Burgundy, herself a niece of Empress Adelaide.
Upon Emperor Otto's death in 973, Henry could rely on his ties to the South German duchies of Swabia and Bavaria as well as to the adjacent Kingdom of Burgundy. He installed his cousin Henry as Bishop of Augsburg, denying the investiture rights of Emperor Otto's son and successor Otto II. When his brother-in-law Duke Burchard III died without heirs, he raised claims to his Swabian duchy. However, Otto II enfeoffed his nephew Otto of Swabia; against the tenacious opposition of Burchard's widow Hadwig.
In 974 Duke Henry resolved to oust Otto II from the throne. With support of his sister Hadwig, he forged alliances with Bavarian and Saxon nobles, and also with Duke Boleslaus II of Bohemia and Duke Mieszko I of Poland. Otto II was able to take Henry captive in Ingelheim - though he also had to deal with rebellious nobles in the County of Hainaut and the Bishopric of Cambrai as well as with the raids of the Danish king Harald Bluetooth in Holstein.
In 976 Henry managed to escape and instigated a revolt in Bavaria, but was defeated when Otto II occupied Regensburg and stripped Henry of his duchy. He severed the Duchy of Carinthia and the Margraviate of Austria from the Bavarian lands and enfeoffed them to his supporters Henry the Younger (who changed sides shortly afterwards) and Leopold of Babenberg. The smaller Bavarian duchy was ceded to Henry's rival Duke Otto of Swabia. Following the War of the Three Henries in 977/78, the deposed duke was placed under the custody of Bishop Folcmar of Utrecht.
When in 983 Otto II suddenly died from malaria in Rome, Henry was released from captivity. He once again tried to usurp the German throne, when he abducted the infant Otto III and, according to the medieval chronicler Thietmar of Merseburg, had himself proclaimed King of the Romans at the graves of Emperor Otto I and King Henry the Fowler in Magdeburg and Quedlinburg. However, it turned out that he had lost the support of the German dukes and also was not able to oust Duke Henry the Younger from Bavaria.
Through the agency of Archbishop Willigis of Mainz, Henry in 985 finally submitted to Empress Theophanu and her mother-in-law Adelaide at an Hoftag assembly in Rohr. Although he failed in his attempt to gain control of Germany, he did regain Bavaria and in 989 also received the Carinthian duchy.
Marriage and children
Henry and his wife Gisela of Burgundy had the following children:
Henry IV of Bavaria (973/78–1024), succeeded his father as Duke of Bavaria in 995, fulfilled his father's ambitions when he was elected King of the Romans (as Henry II) in 1002 and crowned Holy Roman Emperor in 1014
Bruno (d. 1029), Bishop of Augsburg from 1006
Gisela of Bavaria (984/85–1060), married King Stephen I of Hungary.
References
|-
951 births
995 deaths
10th-century dukes of Bavaria
Ottonian dynasty
Medieval child rulers
Zhonghe Senior High School is an under construction metro station on the Wanda–Zhonghe–Shulin line located in Zhonghe, New Taipei, Taiwan. The station is scheduled to open at the end of 2025.
Station overview
The station will be a two-level, underground station with an island platform. The station will possess abundant natural resources and reflect the idea of a living museum throughout the entire line, which is based on the natural mountain forestry concepts of the "Rhythm of Ecology."
Station layout
Around the station
New Taipei Municipal Zhonghe Senior High School
References
Wanda–Zhonghe–Shulin line stations
Railway stations scheduled to open in 2025
The Einstein–Rosen metric is an exact solution of Einstein's field equation. It was derived by Albert Einstein and Nathan Rosen in 1937. It is the first exact solution of Einstein's equation that described the propagation of a gravitational wave.
This metric can be written in a form such that the Belinski–Zakharov transform applies, and thus has the form of a gravitational solution.
In 1972 and 1973, J. R. Rao, A. R. Roy, and R. N. Tiwari published a class of exact solutions involving the Einstein-Rosen metric.\
In 2021 Robert F. Penna found an algebraic derivation of the Einstein-Rosen metric.
In the history of science, one might consider as a footnote to the Einstein-Rosen metric that Einstein, for some time, believed that he had found a non-existence proof for gravitational waves.
Notes
Albert Einstein
Equations of physics
General relativity
Mark Boyle (11 May 1934 – 4 May 2005) was a Scottish artist born in Glasgow and known for his work in the cultural UK Underground of the 1960s around the Traverse Theatre, and from 1985 exhibited with Joan Hills and their children Sebastian and Georgia as Boyle Family.
Although Boyle Family have worked across a wide range of different media (including painting, photography, sculpture, film, projection, sound recordings and drawing), they are perhaps most well known for their Earth studies. These pictures – highly accurate painted casts that operate somewhere between painting and sculpture – involve the meticulous re-creation of randomly chosen areas of the Earth's surface using resin and fibreglass (as well as real materials collected from the original site) and have been exhibited internationally. Past shows have included the British Pavilion at the XXXIX Venice Biennale in 1978, Beyond Image - Boyle Family (Hayward Gallery, London) in 1986 and Boyle Family (Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art, Edinburgh) - a major retrospective held in 2003.
In addition to developing highly original casting techniques, Mark Boyle and Joan Hills also pioneered the use of liquid light shows during the 1960s. These projections played a seminal role in the development of the counter-culture of the period. The light environments were used to accompany stage performances by such artists as Jimi Hendrix and jazz-rock pioneers Soft Machine.
Amongst others he collaborated with are George Brecht, Peter Schmidt (artist), Cornelius Cardew, and John Tilbury.
References
External links
Boyle Family website, including chronology
1934 births
2005 deaths
British conceptual artists
Psychedelic artists
Scottish contemporary artists
Higley Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Ohio in Herkimer County, northeast of Atwell.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Gallatin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 4,828, making it the third-least populous county in Illinois. Its county seat is Shawneetown. It is located in the southern portion of Illinois known locally as "Little Egypt".
Located at the mouth of the Wabash River, Gallatin County, along with neighboring Posey County, Indiana, and Union County, Kentucky form the tri-point of the Illinois-Indiana-Kentucky Tri-State Area.
History
Salt production served as the state's first major industry in the early 19th century. Saltworks developed first by Native Americans, and the French had settled at the Great Salt Spring on the south side of the Saline River, about five miles downstream from Equality. Beginning in 1803, salt works were also developed at Half Moon Lick, southwest of Equality on the north side of the Saline River. Half Moon Lick is now on private land, but the Great Salt Springs are on public lands in the Shawnee National Forest, about one mile west of the Saline River bridge across Illinois Route 1 on Salt Well Road.
Gallatin county was organized in 1812 from land formerly in Randolph County. It was named for Albert Gallatin, who was then Secretary of the Treasury. The bank at Shawneetown was the first in Illinois. It was originally in the John Marshall House, which has been rebuilt and serves as the museum of the Gallatin County Historical Society. This should not be confused with the State Bank of Illinois building, which is a state historic site a block away in Old Shawneetown
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.6%) is water.
The Wabash and Ohio rivers join in the northeastern part of the county. The Saline River is a major drainage in the county, and it feeds into the Ohio River.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Shawneetown have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in August 2007. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in October to in May.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 45
Illinois Route 1
Illinois Route 13
Illinois Route 141
Illinois Route 142
Adjacent counties
White County - north
Posey County, Indiana - northeast
Union County, Kentucky - east
Hardin County - south
Saline County - west
Hamilton County - northwest
National protected area
Shawnee National Forest (part)
Government
Gallatin County government is led by a five-member county board. In addition, the county is divided into ten townships.
Politics
As the most culturally Southern of all Illinois counties, Gallatin County was pro-Confederate during the Civil War and even provided a few volunteers to the Confederate Army. It then became solidly Democratic for the next century and a third, voting Republican only in the GOP landslides of 1920, 1952, 1972 and 1980. Even in those four elections, no Republican candidate received more than Richard Nixon's 53.7 percent in his 3,000-plus-county 1972 triumph.
Since 2000, Gallatin County has followed the same political trajectory as Tennessee, Missouri, Kentucky, West Virginia and Appalachian regions of adjacent states, whereby the Democratic Party's liberal views on social issues have produced dramatic swings to the Republican Party amongst It's almost entirely Southern white population. Over the five elections from 2000 to 2016, Gallatin County has seen a swing of 84 percentage points to the Republican Party – an average of 17 percentage points per election – so that Hillary Clinton's 24.3 percent vote share in 2016 is barely half the worst Democratic percentage from before 2010. However, despite its sharp rightward turn, it followed the wave in 2008 within the state that elected Barack Obama president, who remains the last Democrat to win the county in a presidential election.
In 1994, Gallatin County was the only one in the state to vote for the Democratic candidate for governor. It voted for the Democrat in every gubernatorial election from 1924 to 2006, finally flipping in 2010 and then voting Republican again in 2014 and 2018.
Demographics
2010
Whereas according to the 2010 census:
97.9% White
0.2% Black
0.3% Native American
0.1% Asian
0.0% Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
1.2% Two or more races
1.2% Hispanic or Latino (of any race)
2000
As of the 2010 census, there were 5,589 people, 2,403 households, and 1,556 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 2,746 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.9% white, 0.3% American Indian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.1% Asian, 0.4% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.6% were German, 22.9% were Irish, 10.7% were English, and 7.0% were American.
Of the 2,403 households, 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were married couples living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 35.2% were non-families, and 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.87. The median age was 44.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,003 and the median income for a family was $48,892. Males had a median income of $38,801 versus $22,425 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,537. About 12.4% of families and 18.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.9% of those under age 18 and 14.9% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
City
Shawneetown
Villages
Equality
Junction
New Haven
Old Shawneetown
Omaha
Ridgway
Unincorporated communities
Cottonwood
Elba
Kedron
Lawler
Townships
Asbury
Bowlesville
Eagle Creek
Equality
Gold Hill
New Haven
North Fork
Omaha
Ridgway
Shawnee
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Gallatin County, Illinois
References
Further reading
1887. History of Gallatin, Saline, Hamilton, Franklin and Williamson Counties, Illinois. Chicago: Goodspeed Publishing Co.
Musgrave, Jon, ed. 2002. Handbook of Old Gallatin County and Southeastern Illinois. Marion, Ill.: IllinoisHistory.com. 464 pages.
Musgrave, Jon. 2004, Rev. ed. 2005. Slaves, Salt, Sex & Mr. Crenshaw: The Real Story of the Old Slave House and America's Reverse Underground R.R.. Marion, Ill.: IllinoisHistory.com. 608 pages.
Waggoner, Horace Q., interviewer. 1978. "Lucille Lawler Memoir" Shawneetown Bank Project. Sangamon State University. Springfield, Ill.
External links
History of Gallatin County http://www.rootsweb.com/~ilgallat/gch.htm
History of Gallatin County and its Communities https://web.archive.org/web/20060413162609/http://www.lth6.k12.il.us/schools/gallatin/communities.htm
Illinois counties
1812 establishments in Illinois Territory
Illinois counties on the Ohio River
Southern Illinois
Pre-statehood history of Illinois
Populated places established in 1812
Jamila Mujahed is a journalist of Afghanistan.
Career
In 2001, she broadcast the news that the Taliban regime had fallen.
Hamida Ghafour, writing in The Daily Telegraph reported that she had been appointed a delegate to the Constitutional Loya Jirga.
She was not, however, on the official list of delegates.
In October 2002, the United States Department of State awarded her a liberty award.
Mujahid had been a television journalist before the Taliban's seizure of power.
References
Afghan journalists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Position Tolerance (symbol: ⌖) is a geometric dimensioning and tolerancing (GD&T) location control used on engineering drawings to specify desired location, as well as allowed deviation to the position of a feature on a part. Position tolerance must only be applied to features of size, which requires that the feature have at least two opposable points.
See also
Circle
Miscellaneous Technical
Technical drawing
The Akron Champs was the dominant name of a minor league baseball team that represented Akron, Ohio between 1905 and 1920.
History
The team began play in 1905 as Akron Buckeyes and were members of the Ohio–Pennsylvania League when the league was formed. In 1906 to the Akron Rubbernecks, an reflection of the city's top industry. Since 1880, Akron was the home of Goodyear, BFGoodrich, and Firestone, making Akron the "Rubber Capital" of the world.
The manager of the Akron team during their first three seasons was Walter East, who would later become the basketball coach at the University of Akron men's basketball team. East however also made headlines in the sport of professional football. In 1906, he played football for the Massillon Tigers of the "Ohio League" and is best known for his role fixing a championship football series in 1906 between the Canton Bulldogs and the Tigers. However, in Akron East was seen as being the hapless victim in the scandal. He was retained as manager of the Akron baseball team. East boasted of fixing a college football game, as well as a baseball game in 1905. However, in the summer of 1907, Akron owners', John Windsor and Ben Campbell, argued over retaining East as the Akron manager. The decision reportedly led to a fist-fight between the two owners. A reporter humorous wrote "It was the first time two men got into a fight over another man." Bob Quinn then bought the Akron team and kept East on as manager for the 1907 season.
However the team became known as the Akron Champs, a year later, and East was replaced by John Breckinridge as the team's manager. From 1908 until 1911, Akron won four consecutive Ohio–Pennsylvania League pennants. During this era, a team that won a league pennant was sometimes known as "Champion" or "Champ" the next season. When a champion failed to repeat the name was dropped.
In 1912, the club moved into the Class-B Central League and again look to the city's rubber industry and became the Akron Rubbermen. In 1913, the team joined the Interstate League and was named the Akron Giants, in honor of the 1911 and 1912 New York Giants who had won back-to-back National League pennants. Akron had just won four consecutive pennants between 1908 and 1911. After a year off, the team was once again named the Akron Rubbernecks, in 1915, as Akron joined the short-lived Buckeye League.
The team was reestablished one final time in 1920 as the Akron Buckeyes and was Akron's entry into the double-A International League. The Buckeyes posted an 88–63 record, but finished 21 games behind the Baltimore Orioles for 4th place overall. The Buckeyes team featured Jim Thorpe, who was considered the Greatest Athlete of the Twentieth Century. In 1920 Thorpe was one of just 5 players to hit 13–15 triples and tied for the team lead with 16 home runs. The future member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame, and current member of the Canton Bulldogs, had a team-high batting average of .360 and a team-high of 22 stolen bases, while scoring 102 runs. However the club folded at the end of the season and in 1921 they were replaced by the Newark Bears.
Year-by-year record
References
Baseball Reference Akron, Ohio
Baseball Team Names, 1869–2012. McFarland Publishing (2012)
Baseball teams established in 1905
Sport clubs disestablished in 1920
Sports in Akron, Ohio
Defunct minor league baseball teams
1905 establishments in Ohio
1920 disestablishments in Ohio
Defunct baseball teams in Ohio
Baseball teams disestablished in 1920
Despite the absence of Mario Lemieux, the 1994–95 Pittsburgh Penguins season started the off strong, by winning their first seven games. They remained undefeated in their first 13 games, going 12–0–1. However, after such a red-hot start to the season, the Penguins had a lukewarm record in their final 35 games, going 17–16–2. Jaromir Jagr won the Art Ross Trophy for most points (70), captain Ron Francis led the league in assists (48) and plus/minus (+30), and goaltender Ken Wregget led the league in wins (25). In a 7–3 Penguins' win over the Florida Panthers on February 7, Joe Mullen recorded an assist and became the first American-born NHL player to reach 1,000 points. Nine days later, Luc Robitaille scored four goals in a 5–2 Penguins win over the Hartford Whalers.
Off-season
Regular season
The Penguins had the highest shooting percentage in the NHL during the regular season, scoring 181 goals on just 1,400 shots (12.9%).
Playoffs
Despite finding themselves in a three-games-to-one series deficit against the Washington Capitals in the first round of the playoffs, the Penguins won Game 5 at home in overtime, 6–5, via Luc Robitaille's goal at 4:30 of the first overtime period. Peter Bondra, Dale Hunter, Jaromir Jagr and Kevin Stevens each scored twice in the game. Pittsburgh went on to win Game 6 in Washington, 7–1, and then closed out the series at home with a 3–0 victory in Game 7. It was the second time in four years that the Penguins had come back to defeat the Capitals after being down three games to one. The Penguins faced the New Jersey Devils in the second round, and won the opening game, 3–2. With only 1:15 remaining in Game 2, Jaromir Jagr tied the game at 2–2. The game seemed certain to head to overtime until a breakaway-goal by Devils captain Scott Stevens with just 29 seconds remaining. Claude Lemieux added an empty-net goal and the Devils tied the series with a 4–2 win. In the final three games of the series, the Penguins managed to score only three goals and were ultimately eliminated at home in Game 5, 4–1.
Final standings
Schedule and results
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 1 || 20 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–3 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 1–0–0 || 2
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2 || 23 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–5 || Florida Panthers || 2–0–0 || 4
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 3 || 25 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–2 || New York Rangers || 3–0–0 || 6
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 4 || 27 || Ottawa Senators || 4–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–0–0 || 8
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 5 || 29 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–1 || Washington Capitals || 5–0–0 || 10
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 6 || 1 || New York Rangers || 3–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–0–0 || 12
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 7 || 4 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 3–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–0–0 || 14
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 8 || 5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–3 OT || New Jersey Devils || 7–0–1 || 15
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 9 || 7 || Florida Panthers || 3–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 8–0–1 || 17
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 10 || 9 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–2 || New York Islanders || 9–0–1 || 19
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 11 || 11 || Montreal Canadiens || 1–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 10–0–1 || 21
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 12 || 14 || Boston Bruins || 3–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 11–0–1 || 23
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 13 || 16 || Hartford Whalers || 2–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 12–0–1 || 25
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 14 || 18 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–4 || Hartford Whalers || 12–1–1 || 25
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 15 || 19 || Buffalo Sabres || 3–3 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 12–1–2 || 26
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 16 || 21 || Quebec Nordiques || 4–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 13–1–2 || 28
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 17 || 24 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 4–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 13–2–2 || 28
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 18 || 25 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–3 || New York Islanders || 13–3–2 || 28
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 19 || 27 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–5 || Quebec Nordiques || 14–3–2 || 30
|-
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 20 || 2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–6 || Buffalo Sabres || 14–4–2 || 30
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 21 || 4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–3 OT || Boston Bruins || 15–4–2 || 32
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 22 || 5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–6 || Philadelphia Flyers || 15–5–2 || 32
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 23 || 7 || Quebec Nordiques || 5–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 15–6–2 || 32
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 24 || 9 || New York Islanders || 2–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 16–6–2 || 34
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 25 || 11 || Buffalo Sabres || 2–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 17–6–2 || 36
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 26 || 13 || Montreal Canadiens || 2–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 18–6–2 || 38
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 27 || 15 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–8 || Montreal Canadiens || 18–7–2 || 38
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 28 || 16 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–3 || Quebec Nordiques || 18–8–2 || 38
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 29 || 19 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–3 || Ottawa Senators || 19–8–2 || 40
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 30 || 21 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–2 || Buffalo Sabres || 20–8–2 || 42
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 31 || 24 || New Jersey Devils || 2–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 21–8–2 || 44
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 32 || 26 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 0–2 || Florida Panthers || 21–9–2 || 44
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 33 || 28 || New York Islanders || 3–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 22–9–2 || 46
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 34 || 1 || Philadelphia Flyers || 2–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 23–9–2 || 48
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 35 || 5 || Hartford Whalers || 8–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 23–10–2 || 48
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 36 || 8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–2 || Montreal Canadiens || 23–11–2 || 48
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 37 || 10 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–3 || Ottawa Senators || 24–11–2 || 50
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 38 || 11 || Washington Capitals || 1–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 25–11–2 || 52
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 39 || 15 || Ottawa Senators || 2–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 26–11–2 || 54
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 40 || 16 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–4 OT || Philadelphia Flyers || 26–12–2 || 54
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 41 || 18 || New York Rangers || 5–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 27–12–2 || 56
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 42 || 22 || Washington Capitals || 2–1 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 27–13–2 || 56
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 43 || 23 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–2 || Hartford Whalers || 28–13–2 || 58
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 44 || 26 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–3 OT || New Jersey Devils || 28–13–3 || 59
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 45 || 28 || Boston Bruins || 1–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 29–13–3 || 61
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 46 || 30 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–5 || Boston Bruins || 29–14–3 || 61
|-
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 47 || 2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–7 || Washington Capitals || 29–15–3 || 61
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 48 || 3 || Florida Panthers || 4–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 29–16–3 || 61
|-
|- style="text-align:center;"
| Legend: = Win = Loss = Tie
Suspensions
Injuries
Player statistics
Skaters
Goaltenders
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining the Penguins. Stats reflect time with the Penguins only.
‡Denotes player was traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with the Penguins only.
Transactions
The Penguins were involved in the following transactions during the 1994–95 season:
Trades
Free agents
Signings
Other
Draft picks
Pittsburgh Penguins' picks at the 1994 NHL Entry Draft.
Draft notes
The Hartford Whalers' third-round pick went to the Pittsburgh Penguins as a result of a March 10, 1992, trade that sent Frank Pietrangelo to the Whalers in exchange for a seventh-round pick and this pick.
The Boston Bruins' third-round pick went to the Pittsburgh Penguins as a result of an October 8, 1993, trade that sent Paul Stanton to the Bruins in exchange for this pick.
The Hartford Whalers' seventh-round pick went to the Pittsburgh Penguins as a result of a March 10, 1992, trade that sent Frank Pietrangelo to the Whalers in exchange for a third-round pick and this pick.
See also
1994–95 NHL season
References
Penguins on Hockey Database
Pittsburgh Penguins seasons
P
Pitts
Pitts
Pitts
Melbourne Square is a A$2.8 billion building complex of residential, hotel and commercial towers in the Southbank precinct of Melbourne, Victoria. The complex will be constructed in five stages, with an estimated completion in 2027. Stage one of the development commenced construction in November 2017, and was completed in May 2021.
The complex
The master planned precinct consists of six towers across a 20,260m2 site—four residential buildings (Towers 1 to 4), a hotel (Tower 5), and an office (Tower 6). Towers 1 and 2 will reach a height of and respectively, with Towers 3 and 4 both reaching a height of . This residential component of the complex will comprise approximately 2,610 apartments amongst the four towers. Tower 5 will include 687 hotel rooms throughout 54 levels, with the tower reaching a height of . The commercial building, Tower 6, will reach and comprise 37 floors. The complex will be built in five stages, with an anticipated completion date in 2027.
Proposed in June 2015 by the Malaysian property developer, OSK Property, designed by the Australian Cox Architects, with interiors by Carr Design Group, Melbourne Square received planning approval by Planning Minister Richard Wynne on 24 December 2015.
The A$2.8 billion complex is expected to become one of the largest development proposals in Victoria's history, encompassing a total of floor space. In October 2017, Multiplex had been appointed to construct the first stage of the development, which will include the park, as well as two residential towers, and the new retail precinct; construction commenced in November that year, it was completed in May 2021.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Melbourne
References
External links
93–119 Kavanagh Street Complex — on CTBUH Skyscraper Center
Website: www.melbournesquare.com.au/
Skyscrapers in Melbourne
Residential skyscrapers in Australia
Apartment buildings in Melbourne
Office buildings in Melbourne
Proposed skyscrapers in Australia
Skyscraper hotels in Australia
Skyscraper office buildings in Australia
Kathleen "Katie" Fitzgerald (born April 13, 1994) is an American ice hockey player who currently plays for the Professional Women's Hockey Players Association (PWHPA). She previously played for the Metropolitan Riveters in the Premier Hockey Federation (PHF). Having played NCAA hockey with the St. Cloud State Huskies, she was the first Husky to sign a contract in the PHF.
In 2018, she helped the Riveters win the Isobel Cup and was named Isobel Cup Most Valuable Player. She was selected to play in the 2017 and 2018 All-Star Games.
Early life
Fitgerald was raised in the Chicago suburb of Des Plaines, Illinois where she attended Maine West High School and lettered in volleyball and softball. She played for the Chicago Mission AAA hockey club from 2007 to 2012 winning five state championships in Illinois. and won a Silver Medal at the US U16 Nationals in 2011 and a Bronze Medal at the USA U12 Nationals. Fitzgerald was named to and participated in the AHAI/USA Hockey Development-Central Region camp in 2011.
An honor roll student, Fitzgerald helped the softball team win a conference title and was named to the All-Conference team. She earned All-Area and All-Conference awards for volleyball and was named the team's Most Valuable Player (MVP) four times.
Playing career
NCAA
During her freshman season in 2012-13, Fitzgerald played in 15 games as goalie and posted a .912 save percentage (424 saves). She made her debut on October 6. On December 8, she notched an assist against the Minnesota State Mavericks. Fitzgerald was named the team's Rookie of the Year.
During the 2013-14 season, Fitzgerald was the starting goalie in 11 of the 13 games that she played. She tallied 381 saves for a .907 save percentage in 712:06 minutes of play. She made over 30 saves in 7 games and made a season-high 44 saves against Minnesota. She was named Women's Defensive Player of the Week by the WCHA Conference for games played December 12-13, 2014.
Fitzgerald started in 14 of the 16 games that she played during her junior season and notched a .907 save percentage (428 saves) in 873:30 minutes of play. She recorded her first career shutout on November 8 against Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and another on December 13 in a 3-0 win against the Bemidji Beavers. She made a season-high 47 saves against the Minnesota Gophers on January 24, 2015.
After splitting some of her time as starting goaltender her first three seasons, Fitzgerald was the starting goaltender in 34 of 35 games her senior year. She tallied a .906 save percentage (976 saves) and led all goaltenders in the WCHA in shots faced while playing in 34 games. Her final win on home ice at St. Cloud took place on February 12, as she made 39 saves in a win against North Dakota.
Premier Hockey Federation
Fitzgerald signed with the Metropolitan Riveters of the Premier Hockey Federation (PHF, then called the National Women's Hockey League) in August 2016 for the 2016–17 NWHL season. She made her regular season debut on October 8, 2016 against defending Isobel Cup champion, Boston Pride. On October 16, she made her first PHF start, logging 34 saves in a 4-2 loss to the Connecticut Whale. On November 20, 2016, Fitzgerald recorded a shutout in a 4-0 victory against the Connecticut Whale, logging the first shutout in her team's history. She was subsequently named NWHL Player of the Week. Following the 2016 season, Fitzgerald was named Goaltender of the Year by the media after notching a record with a 3.01 goals-against-average and a .901 save percentage.
Fitzgerald participated in the 3rd NWHL All-Star Game. Later in the 2017–18 NWHL season, she backstopped the Metropolitan Riveters to win the Isobel Cup in a 1-0 victory. This was the first cup for the franchise and a milestone night for Fitzgerald as she logged a shutout.
Coaching career
Fitzgerald has coached youth players for the Midwest Goalie School, Chicago Blackhawks Youth, and Ironbound Hockey.
Awards and honors
NWHL Player of the Week, November 23, 2016
NWHL Best Goaltender Award: 2017
NWHL Player of the Week, Awarded January 22, 2018
Isobel Cup Champion: 2018
Isobel Cup Most Valuable Player (MVP): 2018
NWHL All-Star: 2017, 2018
References
External links
PWHPA player profile
St. Cloud Huskies player profile
Living people
1994 births
American women's ice hockey goaltenders
Ice hockey players from Illinois
St. Cloud State Huskies women's ice hockey players
Metropolitan Riveters players
New York Riveters players
Professional Women's Hockey Players Association players
Isobel Cup champions
Ralph Keeler (also Keiler) (1613 – September 10, 1672) was a founding settler of both Hartford, and Norwalk, Connecticut, United States.
Early life
Ralph Keeler is thought have been born in Lawford, Essex, England in 1613, perhaps the son of another Ralph Keeler who died in Essex in the early 17th century.
America
He settled at Hartford in about 1639. His home-lot was on what is now the West Park, north of the present site of the Capitol. He was chimney-viewer in 1645. In 1647, he brought Nicholas Gynings to court for "a miscaridge, beateing of [his] Cow". In 1648, he was accused of slander by John Webb, but the jury found in favor of Keeler.
He was one of the signatories to the agreement for planting Norwalk in June 1650.
He sold his lot in Hartford, and moved to Norwalk in 1651 or 1652, where his brother Walter Keeler also settled.
On October 21, 1662, he sold his four-acre lot to Richard Raymond. On September 1, 1665, he bought the house, barn and a lot of Thomas Ward.
He was named a freeman in 1668.
He, along with Walter Hoyt, was contracted by the settlement to cut the timber and build a house for Reverend Thomas Hanford. At a town meeting in September 1668, he was contracted to build forty rods of fence.
Legacy
He is listed on the Founders Stone bearing the names of the founders of Hartford in the Ancient Burying Ground in Hartford, and he is also listed on the Founders Stone bearing the names of the founders of Norwalk in the East Norwalk Historical Cemetery.
Notable descendants
Edwin O. Keeler, first mayor of Norwalk after the city's incorporation from 1893 to 1894, Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut from 1901 to 1903.
Anson F. Keeler, mayor of Norwalk from 1927 to 1930, member of the Connecticut Senate in 1931, Connecticut State Comptroller from 1933 to 1935
Norman Rockwell, American painter
References
1613 births
1672 deaths
American carpenters
American Puritans
Founders of Hartford, Connecticut
Founding settlers of Norwalk, Connecticut
People from Tendring (district)
People from Essex (before 1965)
People of colonial Connecticut
Beyond Belief is a feature documentary directed by Beth Murphy. The film follows Susan Retik and Patti Quigley, two women who lost their husbands on September 11, 2001, as they set up humanitarian programs for war widows in Afghanistan. It premiered at the 2007 Tribeca Film Festival.
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 83% based on 12 critics, with an average rating of 6.9/10.
Film credits
Director: Beth Murphy
Producer: Beth Murphy
Associate Producer: Sean Flynn
Editors: Kevin Belli, Beth Murphy
Camera: Kevin Belli, Sean Flynn
Music: Evren Celimli
Translator: Luna Asrar
References
External links
Trailer
2007 documentary films
Documentary films about terrorism
Documentary films about the September 11 attacks
Films about terrorism
Documentary films about women
American documentary films
American independent films
Documentary films about the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
Films about widowhood
Documentary films about women in war
2007 independent films
Saucillo is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Saucillo. The municipality covers an area of 2,116.16 km².
As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 32,325, up from 28,508 as of 2005.
As of 2010, the city of Saucillo had a population of 11,004. Other than the city of Saucillo, the municipality had 451 localities, the largest of which (with 2010 populations in parentheses) were: Naica (4,938), Las Varas (2,410), classified as urban, and Estación Conchos (1,670), and Orranteño (1,641), classified as rural.
Geography
Towns and villages
The municipality has 168 localities. The largest are:
References
Municipalities of Chihuahua (state)
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1576.
Events
December – James Burbage opens The Theatre, the second permanent public playhouse in London (and the first to have a substantial life – 22 years), ushering in the great age of Elizabethan drama.
unknown dates
The composer Richard Farrant opens the first Blackfriars Theatre in London, presenting plays performed by the Children of the Chapel.
The composer Thomas Whythorne writes a Booke of songs and sonetts with longe discourses sett with them, an early example of autobiographical writing in English.
New books
Prose
Jean Bodin – Les Six livres de la République (The Six Books of the Republic)
Ulpian Fulwell – Ars adulandi, or, The Art of Flattery (dialogues)
Étienne de La Boétie (died 1563) – Discourse on Voluntary Servitude (Discours de la servitude volontaire, published as Le Contr'un)
George Pettie – A Petite Palace of Pettie His Pleasure
Peter Martyr Vermigli (died 1562; edited by Robert le Maçon) – Loci Communes
George Whetstone – The Rocke of Regard
Drama
Luigi Pasqualigo – Il Fedele
George Wapull – The Tide Tarrieth No Man published
Poetry
See 1576 in poetry
Tulsidas – Ramcharitmanas
The Paradise of Dainty Devices, the most popular of the Elizabethan verse miscellanies
Births
January 12 – Petrus Scriverius, Dutch historian (died 1660)
May 27 – Caspar Schoppe, German controversialist (died 1649)
June 6 – Giovanni Diodati, Bible translator (died 1649)
October – John Marston, English dramatist and poet (died 1634)
October 30 – Enrico Caterino Davila, Italian historian (died 1631)
unknown dates
William Ames, English philosopher (died 1633)
Johann Bogermann, Dutch translator (died 1637)
Samuel Collins, theologian (died 1651)
Charles Fitzgeoffrey, Elizabethan poet (died 1638)
Goldastus, Swiss Calvinist historian (died 1635)
John Weever, English poet and antiquary (died 1632)
Deaths
January 19 – Hans Sachs, German poet and dramatist (born 1494)
February 10 – Wilhelm Xylander, German classical scholar (born 1532)
March 18 – Johann Stössel, German Lutheran theologian (born 1524; died in prison)
May 2 – Bartolomé Carranza, Spanish theologian (born 1503)
June 30 – Franciscus Sonnius, Flemish theologian (born 1506)
October 14 – Konrad Heresbach, Calvinist writer (born 1496)
unknown dates
Basil Faber, German theologian (born 1520)
Aloysius Lilius, Italian philosopher (born c. 1510)
Lancelot Ridley, English theologian
Mavro Vetranović, Croatian Benedictine poet and author (born 1482)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Mirabad (, also Romanized as Mīrābād; also known as Mehrābād and Mihrābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,331, in 581 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Thomas Makinson Armour (8 August 1890 – 20 January 1963) was a bishop in the Anglican Church of Australia. He was born on 8 August 1890 in New Springs, near Chorley, Lancashire.
Education
He was educated at Durham University as a member of St Chad's College and ordained in 1916.
Career
He served as an Army Chaplain and afterwards as Vicar of Orford, Cheshire. In 1928 he went to Australia as a member of the Brotherhood of the Good Shepherd at Dubbo. He was principal from 1929 until he became Dean of Newcastle in 1936.
In 1943 he was appointed Bishop of Wangaratta, a position he held until his death in 1963.
Family
He married Flora Calder in 1944. Armour died in 1963, aged 72. He is buried in Wangaratta Cemetery. There is a memorial window to Armour in Wangaratta Cathedral.
References
Sources
The Times 21 January 1963
1890 births
1963 deaths
People from Chorley
Anglican bishops of Wangaratta
Alumni of St Chad's College, Durham
Wangaratta
Australian military chaplains
Australian Army chaplains
World War I chaplains
The King Narai's Palace (; ) in Lopburi was built by King Narai the Great, the king who ruled Ayutthaya from 1656 to 1688. He ordered the palace built in 1666 in the same area as King Ramesuan's Palace. King Narai stayed here for about 8–9 months a year, except during the rainy season. He designated Lopburi as the second capital of the Ayutthaya Kingdom. The palace was a place for relaxation, hunting, administering the country's affairs, and welcoming official visitors. When the king died in 1688, Lopburi and the palace were abandoned.
The palace is described in the Eulogy of King Narai, probably composed around 1680. The description highlights the system for bringing piped water to the palace.
King Mongkut (Rama IV) of Rattanakosin ordered the restoration of King Narai's Palace. He built a new throne hall complex (Phiman Monkut Pavilion) for his stay in 1856. He also renamed the palace Phra Narai Rajanivet. During King Chulalongkorn's (Rama V) reign, Phiman Mongkut Pavilion, which had been King Mongkut's accommodations, was given to the government to use as the Lopburi City Hall. On October 11, 1924, Prince Damrong Rajanubhab and Prince Narisara Nuwattiwong opened the Chantarapisarn Pavilion in King Narai's palace as a museum, calling it the Lopburi Museum. Later, in 1961 the name of the museum was changed to Somdet Phra Narai National Museum. To date, the museum has exhibited more than 1,864 items of the collection of ancient artifacts in different pavilions and buildings of the palace.
Gallery
References
External links
King Narai's Palace history (Thai)
King Narai National Museum
Former royal residences in Thailand
Buildings and structures in Lopburi province
Tourist attractions in Lopburi province
1666 establishments in Asia
Signoret may refer to:
Felix Signoret (1825–1878), a member of the Common Council, the governing body of the city of Los Angeles
Gabriel Signoret (1878-1937), a French silent film actor
Simone Signoret (1921-1985), a French cinema actress
Victor Antoine Signoret (1816-1889), a French pharmacologist, physician and entomologist
Spain originally planned to participate in the Eurovision Song Contest 2020 with the song "" written by Blas Cantó, Dan Hammond, Dangelo Ortega, Mikolaj Trybulec and Ashley Hicklin. The song was performed by Blas Cantó, who was internally selected by Spanish broadcaster (TVE) to represent the nation at the 2020 contest in Rotterdam, Netherlands. Blas Cantó was announced as the Spanish representative on 5 October 2019, while "" was presented to the public as the Spanish entry on 30 January 2020.
As a member of the "Big Five", Spain automatically qualified to compete in the final of the Eurovision Song Contest. However, the contest was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Background
Prior to the 2020 contest, Spain had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest fifty-nine times since its first entry in . The nation has won the contest on two occasions: in 1968 with the song "" performed by Massiel and in 1969 with the song "" performed by Salomé, the latter having won in a four-way tie with France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Spain has also finished second four times, with Karina in 1971, Mocedades in 1973, Betty Missiego in 1979 and Anabel Conde in 1995. In 2019, Spain placed twenty-second with the song "" performed by Miki.
The Spanish national broadcaster, (TVE), broadcasts the event within Spain and organises the selection process for the nation's entry. TVE confirmed their intentions to participate at the 2020 Eurovision Song Contest on 4 June 2019. In 2018 and 2019, TVE organised a national final through the reality television music competition , which featured a competition among several artists and songs. For their 2020 entry, the broadcaster opted to select both the artist and song via an internal selection.
Before Eurovision
Internal selection
On 5 October 2019, TVE announced during the news broadcast that they had internally selected singer Blas Cantó to represent Spain in Rotterdam. Cantó previously attempted to represent Spain at the Eurovision Song Contest in 2011 where he performed as part of Auryn, placing second in the national final with the song "". Blas Cantó was selected as the Spanish entrant by a committee from six shortlisted candidates that were proposed by record labels, among them which also included Cristina Ramos, Diana Navarro, Lola Índigo and Ruth Lorenzo who represented Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014, as reported by Spanish media.
On 22 January 2020, TVE revealed that Blas Cantó would sing the song "", written by Blas Cantó himself together with Dan Hammond, Dangelo Ortega, Mikolaj Trybulec and Ashley Hicklin. The official video of the song, directed by Cristian Velasco and filmed in Lanzarote and Tenerife, premiered on 30 January 2020 on RTVE's website. In regards to the song, Blas Cantó stated: " reflects a world similar to mine, with which the public can discover my evolution by listening to it. I think it is a roller coaster of emotions. Universo has a new and risky style for me but keep my essence [sic]".
Promotion
Blas Cantó's pre-contest promotion for "" was focused in Spain, including a performance of the song on the fourth show of on 10 February.
At Eurovision
The Eurovision Song Contest 2020 was expected to take place at Rotterdam Ahoy in Rotterdam, Netherlands and would have consisted of two semi-finals on 12 and 14 May and the final on 16 May 2020. According to Eurovision rules, all nations with the exceptions of the host country and the "Big Five" (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom) were required to qualify from one of two semi-finals in order to compete for the final; the top ten countries from each semi-final progress to the final. As a member of the "Big 5", Spain automatically qualified to compete in the final. In addition to their participation in the final, Spain was also required to broadcast and vote in one of the two semi-finals. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the contest was cancelled.
References
External links
Official TVE Eurovision site
2020
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2020
Eurovision
Eurovision
The Indianapolis Colts season was the franchise's 61st season in the National Football League, the 30th in Indianapolis and the second season under head coach Chuck Pagano, who missed most of the 2012 season due to treatment for leukemia. The Colts matched their 2012 record of 11–5, and went undefeated within the division during the season. The Colts hoped to advance further than the Wild Card round in the playoffs than in 2012, where they lost to the eventual Super Bowl champion Ravens. They did so after falling behind by 28 points against the Chiefs, but came back and won 45–44. However, the Colts were defeated by the New England Patriots in the Divisional round, by a score of 43–22.
On March 7, 2013, Jeff Saturday signed a one-day contract in order to retire as a member of the Indianapolis Colts.
For the second consecutive season, the Colts held the final pick in the NFL Draft, number 254, which is famously known as Mr. Irrelevant. In 2012, the final player selected was Chandler Harnish. The 2013 season's Mr. Irrelevant was Justice Cunningham.
Throughout the season, the Colts wore a patch to recognize the 30th season since their move to Indianapolis.
On October 20, 2013, Peyton Manning made his first return to Indianapolis since being released by the Indianapolis Colts in March 2012 and signed by the Denver Broncos, a game in which commentator Al Michaels dubbed "the War of 1812" (referring to Peyton Manning's number of 18 and Colts quarterback Andrew Luck's number of 12). The Colts won the game 39–33.
While losing their Week 14 match-up against the Cincinnati Bengals, the Colts overall record as well as a 4–0 record within the division was enough to earn them their 15th division title after the Denver Broncos defeated the Tennessee Titans. The Colts became the first team of the 2013 season to win their division, securing a home playoff game.
With the Titans' loss to the Cardinals in Week 15, the Colts were the only AFC South team to make the playoffs.
In the AFC wild card game against the Kansas City Chiefs, the Colts rallied to turn a 38–10 Chiefs' lead into a 45–44 victory for the second largest comeback in NFL playoff history. It is behind only the Bills who rallied from a 32-point deficit in the 1993 AFC Wild Card Game. As of 2022, this represents the most recent season where the Colts won their opening game.
2013 NFL Draft
Notes
The team traded its second-round selection (No. 54 overall) to the Miami Dolphins in exchange for cornerback Vontae Davis.
The team traded its original fifth-round selection (No. 157 overall) along with a 2012 fourth-round selection to the San Francisco 49ers in exchange for the 49ers' 2012 third-round selection.
The team acquired a new fifth-round selection (No. 139 overall) in a trade that sent its 2014 fourth-round selection to the Cleveland Browns.
Selection No. 254 is a compensatory selection.
Undrafted free agents
Departures
Additions
Team captains
Note
Team captains had not been selected, or at least, players selected as captains did not begin to display their signature "C-patch" on their jerseys until during their Week 15 match-up against Houston. This just so happened to be the week that followed the Colts securing the AFC South title and their 26th playoff berth in franchise history.
Staff
Final roster
Schedule
Preseason
Regular season
For the first time since the 2002 season, the Colts did not play the New England Patriots during the regular season. The Colts–Patriots rivalry had become one of the most known in modern era sports. However, they did play each other in playoffs.
One highlight of the 2013 Colts season was a trip to San Francisco to play the 49ers. This game marked the return of starting quarterback Andrew Luck to the San Francisco Bay Area, where he played three seasons of college football at Stanford University, which for his first two years there was coached by Jim Harbaugh, then-coach of the 49ers. Luck got the better of his old coach with a 27–7 statement victory.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries
Regular season
Week 1: vs. Oakland Raiders
The Colts began their 2013 season at home, for the first time since 2009, against the Oakland Raiders. The Raiders, who received the opening kickoff, would turn the ball over on a Terrelle Pryor interception by Colts cornerback Greg Toler. The interception would allow Andrew Luck and the Colts offense to drive down the field and score the first touchdown of the season on a pass from Luck to Reggie Wayne. Heading into the second quarter, the Colts defense would continue to prevent the Raiders from scoring, forcing Oakland to punt on second drive of the game. Luck would again lead the Colts down the field in an eight play, 69-yard drive that would result in a touchdown pass from Luck to tight end Dwayne Allen, giving the Colts an early 14–0 lead. Pryor and the Raiders would respond for the first time on their next offensive drive, which ended in a touchdown run from Darren McFadden. Defensive stops by both the Colts and the Raiders would ensure no further scoring in the half and would allow Indianapolis to head into halftime with the 14–7 lead. Indianapolis was forced to punt on their first offensive possession of the second half, while the Raiders would drive down to the Colts 20-yard line and would score on a Sebastian Janikowski field goal, cutting the Colts lead to 14–10 lead. The Raiders would again begin to drive down the field and would score the go ahead touchdown early in the fourth quarter on a pass from Denarius Moore from Terrelle Pryor, giving the Raiders a 17–14 lead. Andrew Luck, on the next Colts offensive drive, would lead the team down the field, 71 yards in 11 plays, with Luck himself scoring the game-winning touchdown on a 19-yard run. Pryor and the Raiders would drive down to the Colts 24-yard line, though the drive would end with an interception by Antoine Bethea, sealing the Colts victory.
With the win, the Colts went to 1–0 on the season and extended their home winning streak to seven games.
Week 2: vs. Miami Dolphins
The Colts faced the Miami Dolphins in week two, a rematch of the 23–20 Colts victory during the 2012 season. This game also marked the second meeting between Andrew Luck of the Colts and Ryan Tannehill of the Dolphins, both sophomore quarterbacks. Indianapolis, who received the opening kickoff, were unable to score on their first drive, unlike the Dolphins who drove down 58 yards in six plays, while scoring on a Tannehill pass to wide receiver Mike Wallace, giving the Dolphins an early 7–0 lead. The Colts would respond with a long drive of their own, however they would be able to put it into the endzone, settling instead for an Adam Vinatieri field goal. The Dolphins would strike again, this time scoring in just two plays following a Tannehill 67-yard pass and a Lamar Miller touchdown run. The Colts, who entered the second quarter trailing 14–3, quickly scored their first touchdown on the day with an Andrew Luck pass to tight end Coby Fleener. After trading possessions, the Indianapolis offense would strike again, scoring their second touchdown of the quarter and taking the first lead of the day, though it would be taken away by a Caleb Sturgis field goal to end the half, with the teams going into halftime tied at 17. Indianapolis would drive down on their first possession of the second half, though a touchdown would be nullified by an illegal shift penalty and forcing the Colts to settle for a field goal. Midway through the third quarter, the Dolphins would score the go ahead touchdown on a Charles Clay run, putting them ahead 24–20. On their last offensive possession of the day, Luck and the Colts would drive down to the Miami 23-yard line, though the comeback would fall short following a sack of Luck on fourth down.
With the loss, the Colts went to 1–1 on the season and lost their first home game since September 23, 2012.
Week 3: at San Francisco 49ers
Week 4: at Jacksonville Jaguars
Week 5: vs. Seattle Seahawks
Week 6: at San Diego Chargers
Week 7: vs. Denver Broncos
Week 9: at Houston Texans
The Colts fell behind 21–3 before rallying to defeat the Houston Texans on Sunday Night Football 27–24.
Week 10: vs. St. Louis Rams
Week 11: at Tennessee Titans
Week 12: at Arizona Cardinals
Week 13: vs. Tennessee Titans
Week 14: at Cincinnati Bengals
With the loss, the Colts dropped to 8–5, however, they clinched the AFC South division title after the Broncos defeated the Titans later in the evening.
Week 15: vs. Houston Texans
With the win, the Colts improved to 9–5 and 12–0 at home against the Texans.
Week 16: at Kansas City Chiefs
Week 17: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars
With the win, the Colts were the only team during the 2013 season to sweep all of their division rivals.
Standings
Division
Conference
Postseason
AFC Wild Card Playoff Game: vs. #5 Kansas City Chiefs
AFC Divisional Playoff Game: at #2 New England Patriots
References
External links
Indianapolis
Indianapolis Colts seasons
2013 in sports in Indiana
AFC South championship seasons
Melvin Beaunorus Tolson (February 6, 1898 – August 29, 1966) was an American poet, educator, columnist, and politician. As a poet, he was influenced both by Modernism and the language and experiences of African Americans, and he was deeply influenced by his study of the Harlem Renaissance.
As a debate coach at the historically black Wiley College in Marshall, Texas, Tolson led a team that pioneered interracial college debates against white colleges in the segregated South. This work was depicted in 2007 biopic The Great Debaters, produced by Oprah Winfrey and starring Denzel Washington as Tolson.
Early life and education
Born in Moberly, Missouri, Tolson was one of four children of Reverend Alonzo Tolson, a Methodist minister, and Lera (Hurt) Tolson, a seamstress of African-Creek ancestry. Alonzo Tolson was also of mixed race, the son of an enslaved woman and her white master. He served at various churches in the Missouri and Iowa area until settling longer in Kansas City. Reverend Tolson studied throughout his life to add to the limited education he had first received, even taking Latin, Greek and Hebrew by correspondence courses. Both parents emphasized education for their children.
Melvin Tolson graduated from Lincoln High School in Kansas City in 1919. He enrolled at Fisk University but transferred to Lincoln University, Pennsylvania the next year for financial reasons. Tolson graduated with honors in 1923. He became a Man of The Omega Psi Phi fraternity.
Marriage and family
In 1922, Melvin Tolson married Ruth Southall of Charlottesville, Virginia, whom he had met as a student at Lincoln University. Their first child was Melvin Beaunorus Tolson, Jr., who, as an adult, became a professor at the University of Oklahoma. He was followed by Arthur Lincoln, who as an adult became a professor at Southern University; Wiley Wilson; and Ruth Marie Tolson. All children were born by 1928.
Career
After graduation, Tolson and his wife moved to Marshall, Texas, where he taught speech and English at Wiley College (1924–1947). The small, historically black Methodist Episcopal college had a high reputation among blacks in the South and Tolson became one of its stars.
In 1930–31 Tolson took a leave of absence from teaching to study for a Master's degree at Columbia University. His thesis project, "The Harlem Group of Negro Writers," was based on his extensive interviews with members of the Harlem Renaissance. His poetry was strongly influenced by his time in New York. He completed his work and was awarded the master's degree in 1940.
In addition to teaching English, Tolson used his high energies in several directions at Wiley. He built an award-winning debate team, the Wiley Forensic Society, which became a pioneer in interracial collegiate debates. Beginning in 1930, the team debated against law students from the University of Michigan in Chicago; then, in 1931, it participated in the first known interracial collegiate debate in the South, against Oklahoma City University. During their tour in 1935, they competed against the University of Southern California, which they defeated. There he also co-founded the black intercollegiate Southern Association of Dramatic and Speech Arts, and directed the theater club. In addition, he coached the junior varsity football team.
Tolson mentored students such as James Farmer and Heman Sweatt, who later became civil rights activists. He encouraged his students not only to be well-rounded people but also to stand up for their rights. This was a controversial position in the segregated U.S. South of the early and mid-20th century.
In 1947 Tolson began teaching at Langston University, a historically black college in Langston, Oklahoma, where he worked for the next 17 years. He was a dramatist and director of the Dust Bowl Theater at the university. One of his students at Langston was Nathan Hare, the black studies pioneer who became the founding publisher of the journal The Black Scholar.
In 1947 Liberia appointed Tolson its Poet Laureate. In 1953 he completed a major epic poem in honor of the nation's centennial, the Libretto for the Republic of Liberia.
Tolson entered local politics and served three terms as mayor of Langston, Oklahoma from 1954 to 1960.
In 1947, Tolson was accused of having been active in organizing farm laborers and tenant farmers during the late 1930s (though the nature of his activities is unclear) and of having radical leftist associations.
Tolson was a man of impressive intellect who created poetry that was "funny, witty, humoristic, slapstick, rude, cruel, bitter, and hilarious," as reviewer Karl Shapiro described the Harlem Gallery. The poet Langston Hughes described him as "no highbrow. Students revere him and love him. Kids from the cotton fields like him. Cow punchers understand him ... He's a great talker."
In 1965, Tolson was appointed to a two-year term at Tuskegee Institute, where he was Avalon Poet. He died after cancer surgery in Dallas, Texas, on August 29, 1966. He was buried in Guthrie, Oklahoma.
Literary works
From 1930 on, Tolson began writing poetry. He also wrote two plays by 1937, although he did not continue to work in this genre.
From October 1937 to June 1944, Tolson wrote a column for The Washington Tribune, which he called "Cabbage and Caviar".
In 1941, he published his poem "Dark Symphony" in the Atlantic Monthly. Some critics believe it is his greatest work, in which he compared and contrasted African-American and European-American history.
In 1944 Tolson published his first poetry collection, Rendezvous with America, which includes Dark Symphony. He was especially interested in historic events which had fallen into obscurity.
Tolson's Libretto for the Republic of Liberia (1953), another major work, is in the form of an epic poem in an eight-part, rhapsodic sequence. It is considered a major modernist work.
Tolson's final work to appear in his lifetime, the long poem Harlem Gallery, was published in 1965. The poem consists of several sections, each beginning with a letter of the Greek alphabet. The poem concentrates on African-American life. It was a striking change from his first works, and was composed in a jazz style with quick changes and intellectually dense, rich allusions.
In 1979 a collection of Tolson's poetry was published posthumously, entitled A Gallery of Harlem Portraits. These were poems written during his year in New York. They represented a mixture of various styles, including short narratives in free verse. This collection was influenced by the loose form of Edgar Lee Masters' Spoon River Anthology. An urban, racially diverse and culturally rich community is presented in A Gallery of Harlem Portraits.
With increasing interest in Tolson and his literary period, in 1999 the University of Virginia published a collection of his poetry entitled Harlem Gallery and Other Poems of Melvin B. Tolson, edited by Raymond Nelson.
Tolson's papers are housed at the Library of Congress.
Legacy and honors
Fellowship to Columbia University, 1930–31.
1947, Liberia named Tolson its poet laureate.
1954, appointed permanent fellow in poetry and drama at the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference at Middlebury College in Middlebury, Vermont.
1964, elected to the New York Herald Tribune book-review board, and the District of Columbia presented him with a citation and Award for Cultural Achievement in the Fine Arts.
1964, grant from the National Institute.
1966, annual poetry award of the American Academy of Arts and Letters.
1970, Langston University founded the Melvin B. Tolson Black Heritage Center in his honor, to collect material of Africans, African Americans, and the African diaspora.
2004, inducted posthumously into Oklahoma Higher Education Hall of Fame.
2007, a biographical film, The Great Debaters, was released.
See also
The Great Debaters
Inspirational/motivational instructors/mentors portrayed in films
List of poets from the United States
References
Further reading
External links
Literary Encyclopedia – in progress
Biography of Tolson from the Marshall News Messenger
1898 births
1966 deaths
People from Moberly, Missouri
People from the Kansas City metropolitan area
Fisk University alumni
Langston University faculty
Lincoln University (Pennsylvania) alumni
People from Marshall, Texas
Mayors of places in Oklahoma
20th-century American poets
African-American poets
African-American people in Oklahoma politics
Columbia University alumni
Muscogee people
Wiley College faculty
20th-century American politicians
20th-century African-American writers
20th-century Native Americans
James Thomas Begg (February 16, 1877 – March 26, 1963) was an American educator and politician who served five terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1919 to 1929.
Biography
Born on a farm near Lima, Ohio, Begg attended the public and high schools of Columbus Grove, and Lima (Ohio) College.
He was graduated from the Wooster (Ohio) University in 1903.
He taught school.
Superintendent of public schools at Columbus Grove, Ohio 1905–1910, at Ironton, Ohio from 1910 to 1913, and at Sandusky, Ohio from 1913 to 1917.
He was employed as a campaign director and lectured throughout the United States for the American City Bureau of New York in chamber-of-commerce work 1917–1919.
Congress
Begg was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-sixth and to the four succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1919 – March 3, 1929).
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1928 to the Seventy-first Congress.
He engaged in the banking business.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1942 to the Seventy-eighth Congress.
Business consultant and dairy farmer.
Later career and death
He moved to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, in 1959, where he resided until his death on March 26, 1963.
He was interred in Garfield-Lakeview Cemetery, Cleveland, Ohio.
Sources
1877 births
1963 deaths
Politicians from Lima, Ohio
Politicians from Sandusky, Ohio
College of Wooster alumni
Burials at Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland
American bankers
People from Columbus Grove, Ohio
Oklahoma Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The CAP superfamily (cysteine-rich secretory proteins, antigen 5, and pathogenesis-related 1 proteins (CAP)) is a large superfamily of secreted proteins that are produced by a wide range of organisms, including prokaryotes and non-vertebrate eukaryotes.
The nine subfamilies of the mammalian CAP superfamily include: the human glioma pathogenesis-related 1 (GLIPR1), Golgi associated pathogenesis related-1 (GAPR1) proteins, peptidase inhibitor 15 (PI15), peptidase inhibitor 16 (PI16), cysteine-rich secretory proteins (CRISPs), CRISP LCCL domain containing 1 (CRISPLD1), CRISP LCCL domain containing 2 (CRISPLD2), mannose receptor like and the R3H domain containing like proteins. Members are most often secreted and have an extracellular endocrine or paracrine function and are involved in processes including the regulation of extracellular matrix and branching morphogenesis, potentially as either proteases or protease inhibitors; in ion channel regulation in fertility; as tumour suppressor or pro-oncogenic genes in tissues including the prostate; and in cell-cell adhesion during fertilisation. The overall protein structural conservation within the CAP superfamily results in fundamentally similar functions for the CAP domain in all members, yet the diversity outside of this core region dramatically alters the target specificity and, thus, the biological consequences. The calcium-chelating function would fit with the various signalling processes (e.g. the CRISP proteins) that members of this family are involved in, and also the sequence and structural evidence of a conserved pocket containing two histidines and a glutamate.
Many of these proteins contain a C-terminal Cysteine-rich secretory protein (Crisp) domain. This domain is found in the mammalian reproductive tract and the venom of reptiles, and has been shown to regulate ryanodine receptor calcium signalling. It contains 10 conserved cysteines which are all involved in disulphide bonds and is structurally related to the ion channel inhibitor toxins BgK and ShK.
References
Protein domains
Protein superfamilies
The 1993–94 Pittsburgh Penguins season was the Penguins' 27th season in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Offseason
Regular season
The Penguins moved into the newly formed Northeast Division (competing against the teams that made up the old Adams Division) and won their third division crown in four seasons. This season marked the return to the Penguins and to the bench of head coach Eddie Johnston. Under EJ's guidance the Pens racked up a 101-point season, their second straight 100 point season and second in franchise history. The Northeast Division title earned them a second seed and a first round playoff date with the Washington Capitals. The Caps won the series in six games, which until 2018 was the only series victory that the Capitals had earned over the rival Penguins.
Of note from the season:
The Penguins were not shut out in any of their 84 regular-season games.
Injuries limited Mario Lemieux to only 22 regular season games.
Rookie Markus Naslund made his NHL debut. Other rookies debuting for the Penguins were Chris Tamer, Greg Andrusak, Ed Patterson, Pat Neaton, Rob Dopson, Justin Duberman, and Ladislav Karabin.
Each team during the 1993-1994 season played two neutral site games. The Penguins played, and won, in Sacramento vs Buffalo and in Cleveland vs. Boston on Easter Sunday.
An offseason trade landed the Penguins Marty McSorely in exchange for Shawn McEachern. On February 16, the Pens and Kings made another trade, with McSorely and McEachern again involved: the Pens
traded McSorely and Jim Paek to LA for Tomas Sandstrom and McEachern.
Other trades: Paul Stanton to Boston for 3rd round pick 1994; Jeff Daniels to Florida for Greg Hawgood; Mike Needham to Dallas for Jim McKenzie
RW Martin Straka had his first ever 30 goal season.
Center Brian Trottier unretired for one season and acted in a player/coach role, playing 41 games for the team as officially part of their coaching staff.
Goaltender Roberto Romano made his return to the Penguins (and to the NHL) after toiling in Italy since the 1987-1988 season. Romano went 1-0-1 in his two appearances for the Penguins, his last games in the NHL.
On November 16, 1993, the Penguins destroyed the Flyers, 11-5. This would be the last time the Penguins scored 11 goals in a game for 29 years.
Season standings
Schedule and results
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 1 || 5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–4 || Philadelphia Flyers || 0–1–0 || 0
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2 || 7 || Montreal Canadiens || 1–2 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–1–0 || 2
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 3 || 9 || New York Rangers || 2–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–1–0 || 4
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 4 || 10 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–7 || Quebec Nordiques || 2–2–0 || 4
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 5 || 12 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–1 || Florida Panthers || 3–2–0 || 6
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 6 || 14 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–3 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 3–3–0 || 6
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 7 || 16 || Hartford Whalers || 3–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–3–0 || 8
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 8 || 19 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–2 || New York Islanders || 5–3–0 || 10
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 9 || 22 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–2 || Buffalo Sabres || 6–3–0 || 12
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 10 || 23 || St. Louis Blues || 3–3 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–3–1 || 13
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 11 || 28 || Quebec Nordiques || 7–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–4–1 || 13
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 12 || 30 || Chicago Blackhawks || 3–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–4–1 || 15
|-
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 13 || 2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–3 OT || San Jose Sharks || 7–4–2 || 16
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 14 || 3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–2 || Buffalo Sabres || 8–4–2 || 18
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 15 || 6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–8 || Los Angeles Kings || 8–5–2 || 18
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 16 || 7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–4 || Mighty Ducks of Anaheim || 9–5–2 || 20
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 17 || 9 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–3 OT || St. Louis Blues || 9–5–3 || 21
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 18 || 11 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–4 || Chicago Blackhawks || 9–6–3 || 21
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 19 || 13 || Detroit Red Wings || 7–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 9–7–3 || 21
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 20 || 16 || Philadelphia Flyers || 5–11 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 10–7–3 || 23
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 21 || 18 || Washington Capitals || 2–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 11–7–3 || 25
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 22 || 20 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–2 OT || Montreal Canadiens || 11–7–4 || 26
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 23 || 24 || Boston Bruins || 3–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 12–7–4 || 28
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 24 || 26 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–4 OT || Washington Capitals || 12–7–5 || 29
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 25 || 27 || Ottawa Senators || 2–2 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 12–7–6 || 30
|-
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 26 || 2 || New Jersey Devils || 2–2 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 12–7–7 || 31
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 27 || 4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–6 OT || Hartford Whalers || 13–7–7 || 33
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 28 || 8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–3 || Dallas Stars || 13–8–7 || 33
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 29 || 11 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–3 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 14–8–7 || 35
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 30 || 14 || Los Angeles Kings || 2–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 15–8–7 || 37
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 31 || 16 || Buffalo Sabres || 1–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 16–8–7 || 39
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 32 || 19 || New York Islanders || 6–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 16–9–7 || 39
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 33 || 21 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 3–8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 17–9–7 || 41
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 34 || 23 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–3 || Boston Bruins || 18–9–7 || 43
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 35 || 26 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–7 || Washington Capitals || 18–10–7 || 43
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 36 || 28 || Philadelphia Flyers || 4–4 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 18–10–8 || 44
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 37 || 31 || Quebec Nordiques || 5–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 18–11–8 || 44
|-
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 38 || 2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–7 || Hartford Whalers || 18–12–8 || 44
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 39 || 3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–1 || Ottawa Senators || 19–12–8 || 46
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 40 || 7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–3 OT || Buffalo Sabres || 20–12–8 || 48
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 41 || 8 || Calgary Flames || 2–2 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 20–12–9 || 49
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 42 || 11 || Boston Bruins || 4–5 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 21–12–9 || 51
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 43 || 13 || Florida Panthers || 2–2 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 21–12–10 || 52
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 44 || 15 || Edmonton Oilers || 3–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 22–12–10 || 54
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 45 || 18 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–6 || Quebec Nordiques || 22–13–10 || 54
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 46 || 25 || Ottawa Senators || 2–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 23–13–10 || 56
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 47 || 27 || Quebec Nordiques || 0–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 24–13–10 || 58
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 48 || 29 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–4 OT || Toronto Maple Leafs || 24–13–11 || 59
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 49 || 31 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–5 || New York Rangers || 24–14–11 || 59
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 50 || 1 || Florida Panthers || 1–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 25–14–11 || 61
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 51 || 4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–3 || Detroit Red Wings || 26–14–11 || 63
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 52 || 5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–7 || New Jersey Devils || 26–15–11 || 63
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 53 || 7 || Montreal Canadiens || 4–1 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 26–16–11 || 63
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 54 || 10 || New York Islanders || 5–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 26–17–11 || 63
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 55 || 12 || Dallas Stars || 9–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 26–18–11 || 63
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 56 || 13 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–0 || Philadelphia Flyers || 27–18–11 || 65
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 57 || 15 || Winnipeg Jets || 3–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 28–18–11 || 67
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 58 || 17 || Hartford Whalers || 4–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 29–18–11 || 69
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 59 || 19 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–4 || Montreal Canadiens || 29–19–11 || 69
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 60 || 21 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–4 OT || New York Rangers || 29–20–11 || 69
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 61 || 24 || Mighty Ducks of Anaheim || 2–2 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 29–20–12 || 70
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 62 || 26 || Buffalo Sabres || 3–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 30–20–12 || 72
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 63 || 28 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–3 || Florida Panthers || 31–20–12 || 74
|-
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 64 || 4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–2 || Buffalo Sabres || 31–21–12 || 74
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 65 || 6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–3 || Winnipeg Jets || 32–21–12 || 76
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 66 || 8 || Boston Bruins || 3–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 33–21–12 || 78
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 67 || 10 || Toronto Maple Leafs || 4–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 33–22–12 || 78
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 68 || 12 || New York Rangers || 2–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 34–22–12 || 80
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 69 || 13 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–2 || Hartford Whalers || 35–22–12 || 82
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 70 || 15 || Washington Capitals || 5–4 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 35–23–12 || 82
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 71 || 17 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–2 || Boston Bruins || 36–23–12 || 84
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 72 || 19 || Vancouver Canucks || 4–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 37–23–12 || 86
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 73 || 20 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–1 || New York Islanders || 38–23–12 || 88
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 74 || 22 || San Jose Sharks || 2–2 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 38–23–13 || 89
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 75 || 24 || Ottawa Senators || 1–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 39–23–13 || 91
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 76 || 26 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–5 || Calgary Flames || 39–24–13 || 91
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 77 || 27 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–5 || Edmonton Oilers || 39–25–13 || 91
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 78 || 30 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–1 || Vancouver Canucks || 40–25–13 || 93
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 79 || 3 || Boston Bruins || 2–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 41–25–13 || 95
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 80 || 4 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 1–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 42–25–13 || 97
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 81 || 6 || New Jersey Devils || 1–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 43–25–13 || 99
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 82 || 8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–7 || New Jersey Devils || 43–26–13 || 99
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 83 || 9 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–9 || Montreal Canadiens || 43–27–13 || 99
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 84 || 11 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–0 || Ottawa Senators || 44–27–13 || 101
|-
|- style="text-align:center;"
| Legend: = Win = Loss = Tie
Playoffs
Conference Quarterfinals
Player statistics
Skaters
Goaltenders
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining the Penguins. Stats reflect time with the Penguins only.
‡Denotes player was traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with the Penguins only.
Awards and records
Mario Lemieux became the first person to score 700 assists for the Penguins. He did so in a 3–3 tie with San Jose on November 2.
Mario Lemieux became the first person to score 1200 points for the Penguins. He did so in a 3–5 loss to Calgary on March 26.
Awards
Transactions
The Penguins were involved in the following transactions during the 1993–94 season:
Trades
Free agents
Waivers
Signings
Draft picks
The Penguins' selected eleven players at the 1993 NHL Entry Draft.
Draft notes
The Philadelphia Flyers' third-round pick (from the Winnipeg Jets) went to the Pittsburgh Penguins as a result of a February 19, 1992, trade that sent Mark Recchi, Brian Benning and a 1992 first-round pick to the Flyers in exchange for Kjell Samuelsson, Rick Tocchet, Ken Wregget and this pick.
The Pittsburgh Penguins' third-round pick went to the Tampa Bay Lightning as the result of a March 22, 1993, trade that sent Peter Taglianetti to the Penguins in exchange for this pick.
Farm teams
The IHL's Cleveland Lumberjacks finished last in the Atlantic Division with a 31-36-14 record.
The Louisville Icehawks of the East Coast Hockey League finished fifth in the West Division with a 16-44-8 record, qualifying for the playoffs. They upset the Brabham Cup champion Knoxville Cherokees in the first round before being swept by the Birmingham Bulls in the second round.
References
Penguins on Hockey Database
Pittsburgh Penguins seasons
P
P
Pitts
Pitts
Adayar (foaled 31 March 2018) is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 2021 Epsom Derby. He showed promise as a two-year-old in 2020, winning the second of his two starts by nine lengths. In the following year he finished second in both the Sandown Classic Trial and the Lingfield Derby Trial before recording an upset win in the Derby. On his next start he became the first Derby winner in 20 years to follow up with a victory in the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
Background
Adayar is a bay colt bred in Ireland by Sheikh Mohammed's Godolphin organisation. He was sent into training with Charlie Appleby at Moulton Paddocks in Newmarket, Suffolk.
He was from the fifth crop of foals sired by Frankel, an undefeated racehorse whose other progeny have included Cracksman, Anapurna, Soul Stirring and Without Parole. Adayar's dam Anna Salai was a high-class racemare who won the Prix de la Grotte and finished second in the Irish 1000 Guineas. She was a daughter of the Prix d'Aumale winner Anna Palariva, who was in turn, a daughter of Anna of Saxony who won the Park Hill Stakes. Anna of Saxony's grand-dam Anna Paola was a German mare who won the Preis der Diana and was the female-line ancestor of Annie Power and Billesdon Brook.
Anna Salai is the name of a major road in Chennai and the Adayar is a river in the same city.
Racing career
2020: two-year-old season
On both of his starts in 2020, Adayar was ridden by William Buick. The colt made his racecourse debut in a maiden race at Nottingham Racecourse pver eight and a half furlongs on soft ground on 14 October when he started the 11/5 favourite in an eleven-runner field. After looking outpaced and stumbling at half way he stayed on well in the closing stages but never looked likely to win and came home fourth behind Set Point, beaten six and a half lengths by the winner. Two weeks later, over the same course and distance, Adayer started at odds of 3/1 for a similar event and recorded his first success as he took the lead three furlongs from the finish and drew away in the closing stages to win "comfortably" by nine lengths.
2021: three-year-old season
For his first appearance as a three-year-old, Adayar was stepped up in class and distance for the bet365 Classic Trial over ten furlongs at Sandown Park on 23 April when he started the 8/1 fourth choice in a ten-runner field. Ridden by James Doyle he started slowly but made steady progress in the last three furlongs (despite losing a shoe) to take second place, half a length behind the William Haggas-trained winner Alenquer. Buick was in the saddle two weeks later when the colt started 6/5 favourite for the Novibet Derby Trial Stakes over one and a half miles at Lingfield Park. He recovered from another slow start to track the leaders but despite staying on well in the closing stages he was beaten into second place by Third Realm, beaten one and a quarter length by the winner.
On 5 June Adayar was one of eleven colts to contest the 242nd running of the Derby over one and a half miles at Epsom Racecourse, starting at relatively long odds of 16/1. The Coolmore Stud representative Bolshoi Ballet started favourite, while the other nine runners included Mac Swiney, Gear Up, Third Realm, Hurricane Lane, John Leeper (Fairway Stakes), One Ruler (Autumn Stakes) and Youth Spirit (Chester Vase). Adayar was the least fancied of the three Appleby trainees, with Hurricane Lane and One Ruler being preferred in the betting market. Adam Kirby was offered the ride on the colt but had already accepted the mount on John Leeper, so Oisin Murphy was scheduled to ride Adayar. In a late change of jockey bookings Frankie Dettori replaced Kirby on John Leeper, while Kirby replaced Murphy on Adayar. After his customary poor start, Adayar settled close behind the leading group on the inside rail as Gear Upset a steady pace from Youth Spirit. He went to the front two furlongs from the finish and never looked in any danger of defeat thereafter, coming home four and a half lengths clear of the 50/1 outsider Mojo Star, with a further three and a quarter lengths back to Hurricane Lane in third. After the race Appleby said "Adam has been a huge part of our operation since I started. He's helped out with the racing and he breaks a lot of horses for us. He broke all three Derby runners for us. When he became available I rang Oisin and when he picked up the phone he said ‘I know what you're going to say.' He was very professional about it. He's a big horse. I wouldn't want to rush into anything with him yet so we'll sit back and have a nice discussion about where to go next in a while." Commenting on his decision to launch his challenge along the inside rail Kirby said "There was just enough room up the rail. I thought I needed to get in or get out. I knew I had to make a decision, so I went in. Luckily the horse was brave enough to go through the gap, and then he galloped up to the line. This will be a day I'll never forget."
For his next race, Adayar was matched against older horse for the 71st running of the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes over one and a half miles at Ascot Racecourse on 23 July. Ridden by Buick, he started the 9/4 second favourite behind Love in a five-runner field which also included Mishriff, Lone Eagle (runner-up in the Irish Derby) and Broome (Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud). Adayar started quickly and pulled hard in the early stages before settling into second place behind Broome. He made a forward move on the final turn, overtook Broome approaching the last quarter mile and stayed on well, repelling the sustained challenge of Mishriff to win by one and three quarter lengths. After the race Buick said "He's a consummate professional. He has all the qualities of a top-class middle-distance horse. He has the required pace and the kick and the stamina, and a fantastic will to win. He had that kick at the top of the straight and then did what we saw at Epsom, that resolute gallop all the way to the line. We all thought he was a good Derby winner and he's confirmed that today." Adayar was the first horse to complete the Derby-King George double since his grandsire Galileo in 2001.
After a break of over two months Adayar was sent to France to contest the 100th edition of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe over 2400 metres on heavy ground at Longchamp Racecourse and started 3.6/1 second favourite behind Hurricane Lane. Buick sent the colt into the lead soon after the start and he opened up a clear advantage early in the straight. He was overtaken approaching the final 100 metres and faded in the final strides to come home fourth behind Torquator Tasso, Tarnawa and Hurricane Lane. Two weeks later the colt was dropped back in distance for the Champion Stakes over ten furlongs at Ascot. Starting the 5/2 second choice in the betting he was among the leaders from the start, went clear of his opponents three furlongs out but then tired badly and finished fifth of the nine runners behind Sealiway, beaten seven lengths by the winner.
Pedigree
References
External links
Career 1-2-3 Colour Chart – Adayar
2018 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Thoroughbred family 7-f
Epsom Derby winners
King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes winners
John Inskeep Vanmeter (February 1798August 3, 1875) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born near Moorefield, Virginia (now West Virginia), in February 1798, Vanmeter attended the College of William and Mary, Williamsburg, Virginia, and was graduated from Princeton College in 1821.
He studied law at the Litchfield Law School.
He was admitted to the bar of Virginia in 1822 and commenced practice in Moorefield.
He served as member of the Virginia House of Delegates in 1824.
He retired from practice.
He moved to Pike County, Ohio, in 1826 and engaged in agricultural pursuits.
He served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1836.
He served in the Ohio Senate in 1838.
Vanmeter was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-eighth Congress (March 4, 1843 – March 3, 1845).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1844 to the Twenty-ninth Congress.
He was affiliated with the Democratic Party in 1856.
He moved to Chillicothe, Ohio, in 1855, where he resided until his death August 3, 1875.
He was interred in Grandview Cemetery, Chillicothe, Ross County, Ohio, USA.
Sources
External links
1798 births
1875 deaths
People from Moorefield, West Virginia
People from Pike County, Ohio
Politicians from Chillicothe, Ohio
Ohio Democrats
Ohio state senators
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
Virginia lawyers
College of William & Mary alumni
Princeton University alumni
Burials at Grandview Cemetery (Chillicothe, Ohio)
Litchfield Law School alumni
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Substrate is a term used in materials science and engineering to describe the base material on which processing is conducted. This surface could be used to produce new film or layers of material such as deposited coatings. It could be the base to which paint, adhesives, or adhesive tape is bonded.
A typical substrate might be rigid such as metal, concrete, or glass, onto which a coating might be deposited. Flexible substrates are also used.
With all coating processes, the condition of the surface of the substrate can strongly affect the bond of subsequent layers. This can include cleanliness, smoothness, surface energy, moisture, etc. Some substrates are anisotropic with surface properties being different depending on the direction: examples include wood and paper products.
Coatings
Coating can be by a variety of processes:
Adhesives and Adhesive tapes
Coating and printing processes
Chemical vapor deposition and physical vapor deposition
Conversion coating
Anodizing
Chromate conversion coating
Plasma electrolytic oxidation
Phosphate (coating)
Paint
Enamel (paint)
Powder coating
Industrial coating
Silicate mineral paint
Fusion bonded epoxy coating (FBE coating)
Pickled and oiled, a type of plate steel coating.
Plating
Electroless plating
Electrochemical plating
Polymer coatings, such as Teflon
Sputtered or vacuum deposited materials
Enamel (vitreous)
In optics, glass may be used as a substrate for an optical coating—either an antireflection coating to reduce reflection, or a mirror coating to enhance it.
A substrate may be also an engineered surface where an unintended or natural process occurs, like in:
Fouling
Corrosion
Biofouling
Heterogeneous catalysis
Adsorption
See also
List of coating techniques
Thin film
Wetting
References
Chemical processes
Coatings
Industrial processes
Materials science
Elias Ymer (born 10 April 1996) is a Swedish tennis player. He has a career high ATP singles ranking of World No. 105, achieved on 11 June 2018. He has a career high ATP doubles ranking of World No. 188, achieved on 16 October 2017.
Personal info
Ymer was born in Skara, Sweden to Ethiopian immigrant parents. His mother, Kelem, is a physician; his father, Wondwosen, works at a dairy company. He is the elder brother of fellow tennis player Mikael Ymer.
From 2017 to 2018, Ymer was coached by Robin Söderling.
Career
2014: ATP debut
Ymer made his ATP main draw singles debut at the 2013 Swedish Open where he lost in the first round to Grigor Dimitrov. Ymer received a wildcard at the 2014 Swedish Open defeating Mikhail Kukushkin in the first round before falling to João Sousa in the second round.
2015: Qualification at all Grand Slams on debut in one year
He qualified to the main of 2015 Australian Open after wins against Benoît Paire, Jan Mertl and Hyeon Chung. He lost in the first round against Go Soeda in five sets.
At the 2015 Barcelona Open Banc Sabadell, Ymer defeated Thiemo de Bakker and Nick Kyrgios to reach the third round, where he lost to David Ferrer.
He qualified to the main draw of 2015 French Open after wins against Roberto Marcora, Blaž Rola and Roberto Carballés Baena. He lost in the first round against Lukáš Rosol in straight sets.
Ymer won his first ATP Challenger title at the 2015 Città di Caltanissetta, beating American Bjorn Fratangelo in straight sets.
Ymer qualified to the main draw of 2015 Wimbledon Championships after wins against Thomas Fabbiano, Boy Westerhof and Guido Pella. He lost in the first round to 23rd seed Ivo Karlović in four sets.
Ymer qualified for all four Grand Slams in 2015 after coming through qualifying at the 2015 US Open. He lost in the first round to Diego Schwartzman. His finish made him the second man to progress to the main draw of all four majors through qualifying in one year, after Frank Dancevic in 2011.
2018: First Grand Slam match win
Ymer secured a place in the main draw for the 2018 French Open winning three qualifying matches. There he won his first grand slam main draw match, beating Dudi Sela in straight sets.
2022: First ATP semifinal and top-20 win
In 2022, he defeated top seed and World No. 15 Aslan Karatsev in straight sets in second round of 2022 Maharashtra Open for his first top-20 win in his career to reach the quarterfinal, only his second since Gstaad in 2016. He went one step further reaching his maiden semifinal by defeating eight seed Stefano Travaglia. As a result he moved up 20 spots in the rankings back into the top 140 on 7 February 2022.
ATP career finals
Doubles: 1 (1 title)
ATP Challengers and ITF Futures finals
Singles: 15 (11–4)
Doubles: 1 (0–1)
Performance timelines
Singles
Current through the 2022 Miami Open.
Doubles
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Swedish male tennis players
People from Skara Municipality
Swedish people of Ethiopian descent
Swedish sportspeople of African descent
Sportspeople of Ethiopian descent
Sportspeople from Västra Götaland County
Francisco Cuque (born 10 October 1942) is a former Guatemalan cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Guatemalan male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Guatemala
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Benjamin Ham Child (May 8, 1843 – May 16, 1902) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War. Child received the United States' highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for his action during the Battle of Antietam in Maryland on 17 September 1862. He was honored with the award on 20 July 1897.
Biography
Child was born in Providence, Rhode Island on 8 May 1843. He joined the 1st Rhode Island Light Artillery in June 1861. After his Medal of Honor action, he was promoted to Sergeant, and wounded in the Battle of Gettysburg. He was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in August 1863, and was discharged by special order from General George Meade after serving a total of 43 months.
In 1868, Child joined the Providence Police Department, and he was appointed as Chief of Police in 1881. He died on 16 May 1902 and his remains are interred at Swan Point Cemetery in Providence, Rhode Island.
Medal of Honor citation
See also
List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients: A–F
References
1843 births
1902 deaths
People of Rhode Island in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
People from Providence, Rhode Island
Burials at Swan Point Cemetery
Sergei Vikulov (born 24 July 1957), is former Russian professional ice-hockey player who spent most of his career in Soviet ice-hockey league. Later in his career he also played in DEL and Danish league.
External links
hockeydb.com
Eliteprospects.com
1957 births
Living people
Dinamo Riga players
HC Dinamo Minsk players
Russian ice hockey defencemen
People from Chita, Zabaykalsky Krai
Sportspeople from Zabaykalsky Krai
Ellen Witte Zegura is an American computer scientist who works as a professor in the School of Computer Science at the Georgia Institute of Technology College of Computing, and was founding chair of the school from 2007 to 2012. Her research concerns computer networks.
Zegura majored in computer science at Washington University in St. Louis, graduating in 1987, and remained there for her graduate studies. She completed her doctorate in 1993 under the supervision of Jonathan S. Turner, and joined the Georgia Tech faculty in the same year.
In 2013 she was named a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery "for contributions to communication and computation in intermittingly-connected networks."
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American computer scientists
American women computer scientists
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
Georgia Tech faculty
Fellows of the Association for Computing Machinery
John Coughlin may refer to:
Sportsmen
John Coughlin (footballer) (born 1963), head coach of East Stirlingshire F.C.
John Coughlin (soccer) (born 1972), retired American soccer player
John Coughlin (figure skater) (1985–2019), American pair skater
John Coughlin (ice hockey), Canadian
Others
John Coughlin (alderman) (1860–1938), Chicago
John Coughlin (weatherman) (1925–2001), Chicago
John Coughlin (police officer) (1874–1951), American law enforcement officer in the New York City Police Department
John W. Coughlin (1861–1920), American physician and politician who served as mayor of Fall River, Massachusetts
John Coughlin (soldier) (1837–1912), American soldier in the American Civil War
See also
Jack Coughlin (disambiguation)
Nicolaas Zannekin (died 23 August 1328), was a Flemish peasant leader, best known for his role in a peasant revolt in Flanders from 1323 to 1328.
Nicolaas Zannekin was a rich farmer from Lampernisse. During the early 14th century AD, Zannekin served as leader of the revolt in coastal Flanders against the oppressive tax policy of the Count of Flanders Louis of Nevers. Zannekin and his men captured the towns of Nieuwpoort, Veurne, Ypres and Kortrijk. In Kortrijk, Zannekin was able to capture the Count himself. In 1325 attempts to capture Gent and Oudenaarde failed. The King of France, Charles IV of France intervened whereupon Louis was released from captivity in February 1326 and the Peace of Arques was sealed. In 1328 hostilities erupted again and the Count fled to France. Louis was able to convince the new king Philip VI of France to come to his aid and Zannekin and his followers were decisively defeated by the French royal army in the Battle of Cassel (1328), where Zannekin himself was killed.
References
External links
1328 deaths
Revolts involving Flanders
Military personnel killed in action
Flemish activists
People from Diksmuide
Year of birth unknown
14th-century people from the county of Flanders
The Archdiocese of Florence () is a metropolitan see of the Catholic Church in Italy. It was traditionally founded in the 1st century, according to the 14th century chronicler Giovanni Villani. The diocese was directly subordinate to the Holy See (Papacy) until 1420.
Florence was elevated to the dignity of an archdiocese on May 10, 1419, by Pope Martin V. The ecclesiastical province of Florence, of which the Archbishop of Florence in the metropolitan, includes the suffragan dioceses of Arezzo-Cortona-Sansepolcro, Fiesole, Pistoia, Prato, and San Miniato.
The seat of the Archbishop of Florence is Florence Cathedral, otherwise the . Since September 2008 Cardinal Giuseppe Betori has been the Archbishop.
History
On 29 July 1322, Pope John XXII reserved to the pope the right to nominate as well as confirm the bishops of Florence.
Due to heavy rains in the autumn and winter of 1346–1347, the crops were a failure, in wheat as well as in grapes and olives. By May 1347 the price of wheat in Florence had doubled. Arrangements were made to import grain from south Italy, Sicily and Africa, but the merchants of Siena and Genoa, who were contracted to transport the foodstuffs, kept half for their own cities. 94,000 inhabitants of Florence were dependent upon municipal charity, and some 4,000 were said to have died of starvation.
Then, in April 1348, the pestilence known as the Black Death, struck Florence. By July nearly 100,000 people were dead. The historian Giovanni Villani estimated that nearly three out of every five persons in Florence and its neighborhood had been struck down. Ultimately he himself succumbed. In his famous introduction to the Decameron, Giovanni Boccaccio repeats the number 100,000 and provides harrowing details of the breakdown of social connections and human feelings.
Other episodes of pestilence in Florence occurred in 1325, 1340, 1344, 1363, 1509, 1522–1528, and 1630.
Council of Florence
In 1438, the Council of Basel was moved to Ferrara, and, in doing so, split into two factions, one remaining at Basel and electing their own pope, the Antipope Felix V. The faction that settled at Ferrara had to leave soon, however, due to an appearance of the plague. They were reconstituted at Florence by Pope Eugenius IV, and became the Council of Florence, which was transferred to Rome in 1443.
Chapter and cathedral
The current cathedral of Florence is dedicated to the Assumption of the Body of the Virgin Mary into Heaven. The cathedral was originally dedicated to S. John the Baptist, and occupied the former temple of Mars. When it became too small for the clergy and necessary rituals, a new cathedral, dedicated to S. Reparata, was built.
In 816, the Emperor Louis the Pious held a council at Aix, at which it was ordered that Canons and Canonesses live together according to a set of rules (canons, regulae). In the Roman synod of Pope Eugene II of November 826, it was ordered that Canons live together in a cloister next to the church. In 876, the Council of Pavia decreed in Canon X that the bishops should enclose the Canons: uti episcopi in civitatibus suis proximum ecclesiae claustrum instituant, in quo ipsi cum clero secundum canonicam regulam Deo militent, et sacerdotes suos ad hoc constringant, ut ecclesiam non relinquant et alibi habitare praesumant. The cathedral was administered by a Chapter, composed of five dignities and thirty-seven Canons. The dignities were: the Provost, the Archdeacon, the Archpriest, and the Dean.
The diocese also had twelve collegiate churches, the most important of which is San Lorenzo.
Diocesan synods
A diocesan synod was an irregularly held, but important, meeting of the bishop of a diocese and his clergy. Its purpose was (1) to proclaim generally the various decrees already issued by the bishop; (2) to discuss and ratify measures on which the bishop chose to consult with his clergy; (3) to publish statutes and decrees of the diocesan synod, of the provincial synod, and of the Holy See.
1073 - Raynerius.
1139 - Gottifredo degli Alberti.
1310, 13 August - Antonio D'Orso.
1327, 1 August - Francesco di Silvestro.
1343 - Angelo Acciaiuoli seniore.
1346 Angelo Acciaiuoli
1350, March - Angelo Acciaioli seniore.
1372, 13–14 January -Angelo Ricasoli.
1393, 3 July - Onofrio Visdomini.
1415 - Amerigo Corsini.
1446, 22 April - Antonino Pierozzi.
1508 - Cosimo Pazzi.
1517 - Cardinal Giulio de' Medici
1565, 29 March - Antonio Altoviti.
1569, 5 May - Antonio Altoviti.
1573, 9 April - Antonio Altoviti (provincial synod)
1589, 26 March-11 June - Cardinal Alessandro de' Medici.
1603, 17 June - Cardinal Alessandro de' Medici.
1610, 27 May - Alessandro Marzi Medici.
1614, 4 June - Alessandro Marzi Medici.
1619, 14–15 May - Alessandro Marzi Medici.
1623, 17 May - Alessandro Marzi Medici.
1627, 18 May - Alessandro Marzi Medici.
1629, 10 May - Alessandro Marzi Medici.
1637, 16 June - Pietro Niccolini.
1645, 17 May - Pietro Niccolini.
1656, 4 April - Cardinal Francesco Nerli seniore.
1663, 26 September - Cardinal Francesco Nerli seniore.
1666, 23 September - Cardinal Francesco Nerli seniore.
1669, 25 September - Cardinal Francesco Nerli seniore.
1674, 12 September - Cardinal Francesco Nerli iuniore.
1678, 31 August - Cardinal Francesco Nerli iuniore.
1681, 27 August - Cardinal Francesco Nerli iuniore.
1691, 26 September - Jacopo Antonio Morigia.
1699, 24 September - Jacopo Antonio Morigia
1710, 10 September - Tommaso Bonaventura Della Gherardesca.
1732, 24 September - Giuseppe Maria Martelli.
1905, 21–23 November - Alfonso Maria Mistrangelo.
1936, 10–12 September - Cardinal Elia Dalla Costa.
1946, 8–9 May - Cardinal Elia Dalla Costa.
1988 - Cardinal Silvano Piovanelli.
1992 - Cardinal Silvano Piovanelli.
Bishops of Florence
to 1200
Felix (attested 313)
...
Zenobius (c.376–417)
...
Mauritius ( –550)
...
Reparatus (attested 679, 684)
...
Speciosus (attested 716, 724)
...
Thomas (attested 743)
...
Aliprandus (attested 826, 833)
...
Rodingus (attested 852)
Gerardus (attested 853, 855)
Petrus (attested 861)
Andreas (attested 873, 876, 890)
...
Grasulphus (attested 897, 898, 904)
...
Podo (Podio) (attested 908–926)
...
Raimbaldus (attested 941, 964)
Sichelmus (attested 966, 972)
...
Podio (Podius) (attested 987–999)
Guido (attested 1004–1007)
Ildebrandus (Hildebrand) (attested 1008–1024)
Lambertus (attested 1025, 1028, 1032)
Atto (attested 1036, 1037)
Gérard de Bourgogne (1045–1058)
Petrus Mezzabarba (attested 1065–1068)
Sede vacante (1068–1071)
Rodulfus, Bishop of Todi, Apostolic Administrator
Rainerius (attested 1071–1113)
Gotefridus (c.1114–c.1146)
Actius (Atto) (1143–1154)
Ambrosius (1155–1158)
Julius (attested 1158–1182)
Bernardus (1182-1187)
Paganus (1087–1090)
Petrus (1190–1205)
1200 to 1411
Joannes de Velletri (1205–1230)
Ardingus Trotti (1231–1247)
Philippus Fontana (1250–1251)
Joannes de Mangiadori (1251–after 1275)
Jacobus (Castelbuono), O.P. (1286)
Andreas de Mozzi (1286–1295)
Franciscus de Monaldeschi (1295–1302)
Loterius della Tosa (1303–1309)
Antonius Orso (1310–1321)
Franciscus Silvestri (1323–1341)
Angelo Acciaiuoli, O.P. (26 Jun 1342–1355)
Francesco degli Atti (1355–1356)
Filippo dell'Antella (1357–1363)
Pietro Corsini (1 Sep 1363 Appointed – 7 Jun 1370)
Angelo Ricasoli (1370–1383)
Angelo Acciaioli (1383 Appointed – 20 Nov 1385)
Bartolomeo Uliari, O.Min. (1385–1389)
Onofrio Visdomini, O.E.S.A. (1390–1400)
Alamanno Adimari (1400–1401)
Jacopo Palladini (1401–1410)
Francesco Zabarella (1410– 17 June 1411)
Metropolitan Archbishops of Florence
1411 to 1700
Amerigo Corsini (1411–1434)
Giovanni Vitelleschi (1435– 9 Aug 1437)
Ludovico Trevisano (Scarampi Mezzarota) (1437–1439)
Bartolomeo Zabarella (18 Dec 1439 – 21 Dec 1445 Died)
Antonino Forcilioni, O.P. † (10 Jan 1446 – 2 May 1459 Died)
Orlando Bonarli (16 Jun 1459 – 1461 Died)
Giovanni Neroni Diotisalvi (22 Mar 1462 – 1473 Died)
Pietro Riario, O.F.M. Conv. (20 Jul 1473 – 3 Jan 1474 Died)
Rinaldo Orsini (28 Jan 1474 –1508)
Cosimo de' Pazzi (5 Jul 1508 – 8 Apr 1513 Died)
Giulio de' Medici (9 May 1513 – 1523)
Niccolò Ridolfi (11 Jan 1524 – 11 Oct 1532 Resigned)
Andrea Buondelmonti (1532–1542)
Niccolò Ridolfi, second term (1543–1548)
Antonio Altoviti (25 May 1548 – 28 Dec 1573 Died)
Alessandro Ottaviano de' Medici (15 Jan 1574 –1605)
Alessandro Marzi de' Medici (1605–1630)
Cosimo de' Bardi (9 Sep 1630 – 18 Apr 1631 Died)
Pietro Niccolini (7 Jun 1632 – 1 Dec 1651 Died)
Francesco Nerli (seniore) (16 Dec 1652 – 6 Nov 1670 Died)
Francesco Nerli (iuniore) (22 Dec 1670 – 31 Dec 1682 Resigned)
Giacomo Antonio Morigia, B. (15 Feb 1683 – 23 Oct 1699 Resigned)
since 1700
Leone Strozzi, O.S.B. (21 Jun 1700 – 4 Oct 1703 Died)
Tommaso Bonaventura della Gherardesca (12 Nov 1703 – 21 Sep 1721 Died)
Giuseppe Maria Martelli (2 Mar 1722 – 10 Feb 1740 Resigned)
Francesco Gaetano Incontri (29 May 1741 – 25 Mar 1781 Died)
Antonio Martini (25 Jun 1781 – 31 Dec 1809 Died)
Pietro Francesco Morali (15 Mar 1815 – 29 Sep 1826 Died)
Ferdinando Minucci (28 Jan 1828 – 2 Jul 1856 Died)
Giovacchino Limberti (3 Aug 1857 – 27 Oct 1874 Died)
Eugenio Cecconi (21 Dec 1874 – 15 Jun 1888 Died)
Agostino Bausa, O.P. (11 Feb 1889 – 15 Apr 1899 Died)
Alfonso Mistrangelo, Sch. P. (19 Jun 1899 – 7 Nov 1930 Died)
Elia Dalla Costa (19 Dec 1931 – 22 Dec 1961 Died)
Ermenegildo Florit (9 Mar 1962 Succeeded – 3 Jun 1977 Retired)
Giovanni Benelli (3 Jun 1977 – 26 Oct 1982 Died)
Silvano Piovanelli (18 Mar 1983 – 21 Mar 2001 Retired)
Ennio Antonelli (2001–2008)
Giuseppe Betori (8 Sep 2008 – Present)
Churches
Santa Maria e Santa Brigida al Paradiso
Notes and references
Bibliography
Reference for bishops
(in Latin)
(in Latin)
Studies
Caponi, Matteo (2009). "Una diocesi in guerra: Firenze (1914-1918)." Studi Storici vol. 50, no. 1, 2009, pp. 231–255. JSTOR, www.jstor.org/stable/25677430.
Faini, Enrico (2013), "I vescovi dimenticati. Memoria e oblio dei vescovi fiorentini e fiesolani dell'età pre-gregoriana," in: Annali di Storia di Firenze VIII (2013), pp. 11–49.
Lanzoni, Francesco (1927). Le diocesi d'Italia dalle origini al principio del secolo VII (an. 604), Faenza 1927, pp. 573–584.
Ristori, G. B. (1896). "Alcune notizie sul palazzo del vescovo Fiorentino" in:
Schwartz, Gerhard (1907). Die Besetzung der Bistümer Reichsitaliens unter den sächsischen und salischen Kaisern: mit den Listen der Bischöfe, 951-1122. Leipzig: B.G. Teubner. pp. 207–210. (in lang|de)
External links
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in Tuscany
Dioceses established in the 1st century
Florence
Nisar Tanveer () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
The Department of Transportation, Communications & Infrastructure (T&CI or DTC&I) is a government department of the Federated States of Micronesia. Its headquarters are on the second floor of the Kaselehlie Building in the national government complex in Palikir, Pohnpei State (on Pohnpei Island).
The Division of Civil Aviation (DCI) focuses on aviation issues. The agency conducts aviation accident and incident investigations.
See also
Air Niugini Flight 73
References
External links
Department of Transportation, Communications & Infrastructure
Government of the Federated States of Micronesia
Micronesia
Micronesia
Organizations investigating aviation accidents and incidents
John Devereaux Wrather Jr. (May 24, 1918 – November 12, 1984), was an entrepreneur and petroleum businessman who became a television producer and later diversified by investing in broadcast stations and resort properties. He is best known for producing The Lone Ranger, Sergeant Preston of the Yukon, and Lassie television series in the 1950s as well as marrying actress Bonita Granville.
Biography
Wrather was born in Amarillo, Texas on to Mazie (Cogdell) and John Devereaux Wrather, Sr. They moved to Tyler, where he grew up and graduated from the local high school in 1935. He graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree from The University of Texas at Austin in 1939. He worked in the oilfields of East Texas as a wildcatter and pipeline walker as his college summer job. When his father became ill in the early 1940s, he took over as president of his father's oil company, Overton Refining Company.
First marriage and military service
On , he married Molly O'Daniel, the daughter of Democratic Governor and later U.S. Senator Wilbert Lee "Pappy" O'Daniel. They had two children before divorcing in 1945. Wrather served in the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve during World War II (1942–1947) in three campaigns and commanded a Marine air group in the Philippines.
Film business
After the war, Wrather bought a home in Hollywood and became a movie producer, founding Jack Wrather Pictures Inc. In 1946, he produced his first movie, The Guilty, starring Bonita Granville, whom he later married. By 1955, he had produced six more movies, including High Tide, Perilous Waters, Strike It Rich and Guilty of Treason. The films were produced for Eagle-Lion Films, Warner Bros., Monogram/Allied Artists and United Artists.
In 1947, he married movie actress Bonita Granville. They had two children. Granville appeared in over 40 movies during the 1930s and 1940s and on many dramatic television series during the 1950s, and later became a producer for the Lassie show. She is best known for playing Nancy Drew in a series of movies in the late 1930s and being the narrator for Lassie.
Wrather purchased 70% of television station KOTV in Tulsa, Oklahoma from fellow oil millionaire George Cameron. The other 30% was owned by station manager Maria Helen Alvarez and commercial manager John Hill. Wrather knew nothing about the management of a station and offered to increase Alvarez and Hill to 50% of the stock in exchange for their services.
Hill wanted to move on to real estate, so Wrather agreed to purchase his shares and increase Alvarez to 50% owner in the new Wrather-Alvarez Television and Wrather-Alvarez Broadcasting companies.
Wrather-Alvarez went on to purchase the San Diego television and radio stations KFMB-TV and KFMB in 1953 and New York City radio station WNEW in 1955. Television station KOTV was sold in 1954 when Alvarez relocated to the San Diego station. Wrather-Alvarez also owned WJDW-TV in Boston, and donated it in 1965 to the WGBH Educational Foundation, which operates it as the PBS station WGBX-TV.
Wrather-Alvarez also financed and owned the Disneyland Hotel in Anaheim. Walt Disney asked Wrather to build the hotel when Disney exhausted his credit line building the Disneyland theme park. The hotel was completed in 1955, and immediately shared the success of Disneyland. When Disney later attempted to buy the hotel, Wrather refused to sell.
In 1954, Wrather-Alvarez purchased the complete rights to the Lone Ranger character and took over production of the television series (1954–1957). The corporation also purchased the Lassie television series in 1956 and the Sergeant Preston of the Yukon television series in 1957.
The Wrather-Alvarez relationship did not end well. Wrather discovered that "Miss" Alvarez had married former partner John Hill when he had been "bought out" and his shares given to Alvarez. Wrather unsuccessfully sued Alvarez and Hill for fraud. In 1958, Wrather bought Alvarez's shares of Wrather-Alvarez and became sole owner of its television and hotel assets. The Wrather-Alvarez holdings were distributed into the separate companies Wrather Hotels, Lone Ranger Inc., Lone Ranger Television, Lone Ranger Pictures, and Lassie Television.
The Independent Television Corporation was formed as a joint venture between Jack Wrather and the British Incorporated Television Company in 1958. In September 1958, Independent Television Corporation purchased TPA for $11,350,000. The company operated primarily as a distribution service for syndicating television shows produced by Wrather or the British ITC company. Wrather later (about 1959–60) sold his shares of Independent Television Corporation to ITC. He was also the founder of Los Angeles public television station KCET.
Wrather is known as the man that "sued the mask off the Lone Ranger". When a new theatrical movie version of the Lone Ranger was being produced during the late 1970s, Wrather obtained a court order requiring Clayton Moore to quit making public appearances as the Lone Ranger. This resulted in a great deal of negative publicity, and The Legend of the Lone Ranger, released in 1981, was not well received. Before Wrather died, he gave Moore permission to resume making public appearances in costume.
Other investments
Wrather further diversified his holdings by building or buying resort hotels and other properties throughout the United States.
In addition to the Disneyland Hotel, he owned the Twin Lakes Lodge in Las Vegas, the L'Horizon Hotel in Palm Springs, California, the Balboa Bay Club & Resort in Newport Beach, and the Inn at the Park in Anaheim. In the 1970s, there was talk of the Disneyland-Alweg monorail being expanded to stop at the Inn at the Park, but it never came to fruition. The Inn at the Park has changed ownership frequently, and is currently operated as the Sheraton Park Hotel at the Anaheim Resort.
In 1957, Wrather purchased the Muzak corporation, a company providing "elevator music" for business environments. The company owned an extensive library of easy listening music and one of the world's largest recording plants. Wrather sold the company in 1972.
In the early 1980s, Wrather purchased, restored and made tourist attractions of the Spruce Goose and the in Long Beach, California.
Over the years, he created or purchased many companies for his businesses and investments, including Evansville Refining Co., Overton Refining Co., Jack Wrather Pictures, Inc., Freedom Productions Corporation, Western States Investment Corporation, Wrather-Alvarez Broadcasting, Inc., General Television Corporation, Jack Wrather Productions, Wrather Hotels, Lone Ranger Inc., Lone Ranger Television, Lone Ranger Pictures, Lassie Television, the Muzak Corporation, and the A.C. Gilbert Company. In 1961, he combined his various holdings into the Wrather Corporation.
Wrather died of cancer on November 12, 1984, at St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica, California. His funeral was held at the Roman Catholic Church of the Good Shepherd in Beverly Hills and he was buried at the Holy Cross Cemetery, in Culver City, California.
Disney finally acquired the Disneyland Hotel in 1987, when it purchased half share ownership in the Wrather Corporation and the other half in 1988. Disney has retained the hotel but sold off most of the other assets. Most of the Wrather franchises are now owned by DreamWorks Classics. Various documents related to Wrather, Bonita Granville, and the Wrather company are archived at Loyola Marymount University as part of its Center for the Study of Los Angeles collection.
Filmography
Films
The Guilty (1947)
High Tide (1947)
Perilous Waters (1948)
Strike it Rich (1948)
Guilty of Treason/Treason (1950)
The Lone Ranger and the Lost City of Gold (1958)
The Magic of Lassie (1978)
The Legend of the Lone Ranger (1981)
TV shows
The Lone Ranger (1949–57)
Lassie (1957–74)
Sergeant Preston of the Yukon (1955–58)
References
External links
1918 births
1984 deaths
People from Amarillo, Texas
People from Tyler, Texas
Television producers from Texas
University of Texas at Austin alumni
Deaths from cancer in California
Burials at Holy Cross Cemetery, Culver City
Businesspeople in the oil industry
American hoteliers
20th-century American businesspeople
Businesspeople from Texas
Andrew Henry Plaks (; born 1945) is an American sinologist who specializes in the study of the vernacular fiction of the Ming and Qing dynasties. From 1973 to 2007 he taught at Princeton University, becoming full professor in 1980. He moved to the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 2007, where he became Professor of East Asian Studies.
In 1968 he married Livia Basch (1947–2013), and they had two sons, Jason and Eric.
Academic career
Plaks studied as an undergraduate in the Department of Oriental Studies at Princeton University, graduating summa cum laude with an A.B. in 1967. He stayed on at Princeton University for graduate study in East Asian Studies. He obtained his Ph.D. in 1973 with a dissertation on Archetype and allegory in the Hung-Lou Meng. He was subsequently offered a position in the Department of East Asian Studies at Princeton University, becoming an associate professor in 1976, and a full professor in 1980. In 2007 he retired from Princeton University, and moved to Israel to take up a position at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, where he became Professor of East Asian Studies.
Contributions to the field
Plaks' 1987 book Four Masterworks of the Ming Novel, which won the Joseph Levenson Book Prize is an analysis of a group of Ming dynasty novels which Plaks argues changed the genre: Romance of the Three Kingdoms, Water Margin, Jin Ping Mei, and Journey to the West. Ellen Widmer, writing in the Journal of Asian Studies, says that the book creates "a far-reaching hypothesis about the consolidation of the novel form in China", namely that the four novels can be taken as a milestone. He identifies a "figural density" and establishes that the key to understanding the novels is the use of irony, by which he means "every possible disjunction between what is said and what is meant". According to Plaks the novels ask serious questions about sexuality, selfhood, heroism, power, reality, and they offer serious Neo-Confucian answers.
Another literary scholar, Paul Ropp, says that Plaks pays special attention to the 16th century editors, authors, and commentators who played different roles than those in earlier times. He also points out structural differences, such as their "paradigmatic length of one-hundred chapters [with one exception], narrative rhythms based on division into ten-chapter units, further subdivisions into building blocks of three- or four chapter episodes, contrived symmetries between the first and second halves of the texts, special exploitation of opening and closing sections, as well as certain other schemes of spatial and temporal ordering, notably the plotting of events on seasonal or geographical grids". Ropp says that although not everybody may agree with all of Plaks' ideas, he has pioneered the sophisticated criticism of the traditional Chinese novel, and his emphasis on the use of irony in the novels is especially important.
In 2018, the first volume of Dream of the Red Chamber, covering chapters 1-27, was published in Hebrew, translated jointly by Plaks and Amira Katz. This is the first translation of the novel into the Hebrew language.
Bibliography
(translation of The Four Masterworks)
References
External links
Andrew Plaks at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem
American sinologists
Princeton University alumni
Princeton University faculty
1945 births
Living people
Hebrew University of Jerusalem faculty
Buzhan (, also Romanized as Būzhān; also known as Būzān and Mūzer) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 756, in 246 families.
Incidents
On July 24, 1987, a flood in Buzhan village killed over 1,000 people and destroyed some villages.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Jeff Turcotte (born April 24, 1969) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played briefly in the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL) and Sunshine Hockey League (SuHL).
Playing career
Turcotte played three years of junior hockey in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) with the Toronto Marlboros, including a brief stay in the British Columbia Junior Hockey League (BCJHL) with the New Westminster Royals. He turned pro near the end of the 1989–90 season, joining the Hampton Roads Admirals of the ECHL for 12 games, scoring 7 points. The next season, he moved to the SuHL to play one season for the Daytona Beach Sun Devils, where he scored 54 points in 47 games.
After retiring, Turcotte became a minor hockey coach with the California Wave. He helped guide a team that included defenceman Jonathon Blum, who became the first California-born-and-trained player to be drafted in the first round of the NHL Entry Draft (23rd overall by the Nashville Predators), to second-place finishes in national Midget AAA and Bantam AAA championships, culminating in an international Bantam tournament championship in Kamloops, B.C., in 2004.
Family
Turcotte's older brother, Alfie Turcotte, is a former National Hockey League player, drafted by the Montreal Canadiens 17th overall in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft. Alex Turcotte is Turcotte's nephew.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Montreal
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Canadian ice hockey centres
Toronto Marlboros players
New Westminster Royals players
Hampton Roads Admirals players
Kelly Kahl (born October 20, 1966) is an American television executive and film producer. He currently serves as the President of CBS Entertainment.
Early life and education
Kelly Kahl was born in Burlington, Wisconsin to Ronald and Barbara Ann Kahl. He discovered his interest in television while watching Saturday-morning cartoons and noticed programs would change time slots from year to year. He attended Burlington High School, graduating in 1985. He earned a degree in communications from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He then went on to receive his Master of Arts degree from USC Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism.
Career
Kahl began his career in 1990 at Lorimar Television as a research intern. He then worked at Warner Bros. Television as Director, Network Research before joining CBS as Vice President, Scheduling. While serving in this role he was part of scheduling many successful CBS shows such as Bull, Blue Bloods, The Big Bang Theory, Young Sheldon, CSI, and NCIS. He was instrumental in the green-lighting of the television series Survivor. According to Survivor host Jeff Probst, Kahl had taken a risk by scheduling Survivor second season Survivor: The Australian Outback against NBC's Friends. Survivor routinely won viewership against Friends during that season, and as a result, Kahl gained significant influence at CBS that has been used to support Survivor through its 40th season.
He served as executive producer on the films Return to Zero, Sister Cities, and Saint Judy. His current favorite CBS shows include SEAL Team, Love Island and Tough as Nails.
Personal life
Kahl lives in Hermosa Beach, CA with his wife, Kim and their two dogs, Bunny and Gracie. He is a partner at Underground Pub and Grill.
References
1966 births
Television executives
Living people
People from Burlington, Wisconsin
Paramount Global people
Geogepa striatula is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 23 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cinnamon cream, suffused and strigulated (finely streaked) with brownish cinnamon and with brown along the basal part of the costa. The hindwings are brownish grey, but creamier towards the base with brownish grey strigulation.
Etymology
The name is derived from Latin stria (meaning strigula) and refers to the fine brown streaks of the forewing.
References
Moths described in 2008
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The Hedgcoxe War of 1852, also known as the Peters colony rebellion, was an armed uprising of Texas colonists protesting what they viewed as an attempt by The Texas Emigration and Land Company (TELC was also known as the Peters Colony), to invalidate their land claims, but was also a conflict between stockholders and land speculators with land certificates worried about market inflation and lowered land value.
On February 10, 1852, the state legislature, in an attempt to satisfy both the colonists and the land company, passed a compromise law. According to its terms all lawsuits were to be withdrawn, the colonists were to be given new guidelines, time would be extended for filing claims, and the state was to give the land company of land. Concerned over the large land grant by the Republic of Texas, and worried the company would flood the market and depress land values, colonists and speculators continued their protests.
In May 1852, the agent of the land company, Henry Oliver Hedgcoxe, published an explanatory proclamation that stated the colonists had until August 4, 1852, to establish their claims with him. The proclamation, contributed to the misinterpretation of the compromise law. The colonists were further aroused when the Texas attorney general, Ebenezer Allen, issued an opinion upholding the law. At a mass meeting of colonists in Dallas on July 15, 1852, Hedgcoxe was accused of fraud and corruption by an investigating committee. On July 16, 1852, Dallas's citizen militia group leader, John Jay Good, led about 100 armed men from the mass meeting to both Hedgcoxe's home on Rowlett's Creek in Collin County, and then to his office, which was located along Office Creek in Stewartsville - what is now The Colony, TX (a historical marker currently resides near the original location). Hedgecoxe and his clerk S. A. Venters were warned in advance of the raid, and made off with some of the records during their escape. Hedgcoxe's office was burned and a portion of the files were seized by the raiders and removed to the Dallas County Courthouse. Hedgcoxe was ordered to leave the colony. On January 1st, 1853, the land company published a conciliatory letter to the settlers. On February 7, 1853, an amendment to the compromise law, satisfactory to both sides, was passed. Except for relatively minor adjustments made in the courts and the legislature over the next ten years, the colonists' title difficulties were ended.
Bibliography
Seymour V. Connor, The Peters Colony of Texas: A History and Biographical Sketches of the Early Settlers (Austin: Texas State Historical Association, 1959).
Vertical Files, Barker Texas History Center, University of Texas at Austin (William S. Peters, Peters Colony).
History of Texas
Conflicts in 1852
1852 in Texas
Island Of Silence is a fantasy book meant for readers ages 8–15. It is the second book in The Unwanteds series, preceded by the first book, The Unwanteds.
Plot
One day, two silent, orange-eyed teenagers, named Sky and Crow, have arrived on a raft. While Artimé seems to continue along normally, Eva Fathom, a supposed Restorer, is spying on Quill and passing along information to Sean Ranger. Mr. Today starts to teach Alex how to be a head mage, and devises a plan to trick Aaron. The plan backfires. Aaron confronts Mr. Today and kills him using five heart-attack spells that Alex invented, thus destroying Artimé.
Meanwhile, Alex and Simber, one of Mr. Today's statues, go out on a search for three of Alex's missing friends, Meghan Ranger, Samheed Burkesh and Lani Haluki. They rescue Meghan and discover that Samheed and Lani have been captured by a neighboring island, Warbler. On the way back, Simber freezes and crashes into the sea. Alex and Meghan barely avoid death. At the same time, the Restorers attack Artimé and cause chaos. High Priest Haluki gets captured, along with Mr. Today's daughter, Claire Morning, by the Restorers. Aaron becomes Associate High Priest (aka High Priest in disguise), and plans to destroy Artimé.
References
2011 American novels
American fantasy novels
American young adult novels
Young adult fantasy novels
Anthrax vaccines are vaccines to prevent the livestock and human disease anthrax, caused by the bacterium Bacillus anthracis.
They have had a prominent place in the history of medicine, from Pasteur's pioneering 19th-century work with cattle (the first effective bacterial vaccine and the second effective vaccine ever) to the controversial late 20th century use of a modern product to protect American troops against the use of anthrax in biological warfare. Human anthrax vaccines were developed by the Soviet Union in the late 1930s and in the US and UK in the 1950s. The current vaccine approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) was formulated in the 1960s.
Currently administered human anthrax vaccines include acellular (USA, UK) and live spore (Russia) varieties. All currently used anthrax vaccines show considerable local and general reactogenicity (erythema, induration, soreness, fever) and serious adverse reactions occur in about 1% of recipients. New third-generation vaccines being researched include recombinant live vaccines and recombinant sub-unit vaccines.
Pasteur's vaccine
In the 1870s, the French chemist Louis Pasteur (1822–1895) applied his previous method of immunising chickens against chicken cholera to anthrax, which affected cattle, and thereby aroused widespread interest in combating other diseases with the same approach. In May 1881, Pasteur performed a famous public experiment at Pouilly-le-Fort to demonstrate his concept of vaccination. He prepared two groups of 25 sheep, one goat and several cows. The animals of one group were twice injected, with an interval of 15 days, with an anthrax vaccine prepared by Pasteur; a control group was left unvaccinated. Thirty days after the first injection, both groups were injected with a culture of live anthrax bacteria. All the animals in the non-vaccinated group died, while all of the animals in the vaccinated group survived. The public reception was sensational.
Pasteur publicly claimed he had made the anthrax vaccine by exposing the bacilli to oxygen. His laboratory notebooks, now in the Bibliothèque Nationale in Paris, in fact show Pasteur used the method of rival Jean-Joseph-Henri Toussaint (1847–1890), a Toulouse veterinary surgeon, to create the anthrax vaccine. This method used the oxidizing agent potassium dichromate. Pasteur's oxygen method did eventually produce a vaccine but only after he had been awarded a patent on the production of an anthrax vaccine.
The notion of a weak form of a disease causing immunity to the virulent version was not new; this had been known for a long time for smallpox. Inoculation with smallpox (variolation) was known to result in far less scarring, and greatly reduced mortality, in comparison with the naturally acquired disease. The English physician Edward Jenner (1749–1823) had also discovered (1796) the process of vaccination by using cowpox to give cross-immunity to smallpox and by Pasteur's time this had generally replaced the use of actual smallpox material in inoculation. The difference between smallpox vaccination and anthrax or chicken cholera vaccination was that the weakened form of the latter two disease organisms had been "generated artificially", so a naturally weak form of the disease organism did not need to be found. This discovery revolutionized work in infectious diseases and Pasteur gave these artificially weakened diseases the generic name "vaccines", in honor of Jenner's groundbreaking discovery. In 1885, Pasteur produced his celebrated first vaccine for rabies by growing the virus in rabbits and then weakening it by drying the affected nerve tissue.
In 1995, the centennial of Pasteur's death, The New York Times ran an article titled "Pasteur's Deception". After having thoroughly read Pasteur's lab notes, the science historian Gerald L. Geison declared Pasteur had given a misleading account of the preparation of the anthrax vaccine used in the experiment at Pouilly-le-Fort. The same year, Max Perutz published a vigorous defense of Pasteur in The New York Review of Books.
Sterne's vaccine
The Austrian-South African immunologist Max Sterne (1905–1997) developed an attenuated live animal vaccine in 1935 that is still employed and derivatives of his strain account for almost all veterinary anthrax vaccines used in the world today. Beginning in 1934 at the Onderstepoort Veterinary Research Institute, north of Pretoria, he prepared an attenuated anthrax vaccine, using the method developed by Pasteur. A persistent problem with Pasteur's vaccine was achieving the correct balance between virulence and immunogenicity during preparation. This notoriously difficult procedure regularly produced casualties among vaccinated animals. With little help from colleagues, Sterne performed small-scale experiments which isolated the "Sterne strain" (34F2) of anthrax which became, and remains today, the basis of most of the improved livestock anthrax vaccines throughout the world.
Russian anthrax vaccines
Anthrax vaccines were developed in the Soviet Union in the 1930s and available for use in humans by 1940. A live attenuated, unencapsulated spore vaccine became widely used for humans. It was given either by scarification or subcutaneously and its developers claimed that it was reasonably well tolerated and showed some degree of protective efficacy against cutaneous anthrax in clinical field trials. The efficacy of the live Russian vaccine was reported to have been greater than that of either of the killed British or US anthrax vaccines (AVP and AVA, respectively) during the 1970s and '80s. Today both Russia and China use live attenuated strains for their human vaccines. These vaccines may be given by aerosol, scarification, or subcutaneous injection. A Georgian/Russian live anthrax spore vaccine (called STI) was based on spores from the Sterne strain of B. anthracis. It was given in a two-dose schedule, but serious side-effects restricted its use to healthy adults. It was reportedly manufactured at the George Eliava Institute of Bacteriophage, Microbiology and Virology in Tbilisi, Georgia, until 1991.
British anthrax vaccines
British biochemist Harry Smith (1921–2011), working for the UK bio-weapons program at Porton Down, discovered the three anthrax toxins in 1948. This discovery was the basis of the next generation of antigenic anthrax vaccines and for modern antitoxins to anthrax. The widely used British anthrax vaccine—sometimes called Anthrax Vaccine Precipitated (AVP) to distinguish it from the similar AVA (see below)—became available for human use in 1954. This was a cell-free vaccine in distinction to the live-cell Pasteur-style vaccine previously used for veterinary purposes. It is now manufactured by Porton Biopharma Ltd, a Company owned by the UK Department of Health.
AVP is administered at primovaccination in three doses with a booster dose after six months. The active ingredient is a sterile filtrate of an alum-precipitated anthrax antigen from the Sterne strain in a solution for injection. The other ingredients are aluminium potassium sulphate, sodium chloride and purified water. The preservative is thiomersal (0.005%). The vaccine is given by intramuscular injection and the primary course of four single injections (3 injections 3 weeks apart, followed by a 6-month dose) is followed by a single booster dose given once a year. During the Gulf War (1990–1991), UK military personnel were given AVP concomitantly with the pertussis vaccine as an adjuvant to improve overall immune response and efficacy.
American anthrax vaccines
The United States undertook basic research directed at producing a new anthrax vaccine during the 1950s and '60s. The product known as Anthrax Vaccine Adsorbed (AVA)—trade name BioThrax—was licensed in 1970 by the U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH) and in 1972 the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) took over responsibility for vaccine licensure and oversight. AVA is produced from culture filtrates of an avirulent, nonencapsulated mutant of the B. anthracis Vollum strain known as V770-NP1-R. No living organisms are present in the vaccine which results in protective immunity after 3 to 6 doses. AVA remains the only FDA-licensed human anthrax vaccine in the United States and is produced by Emergent BioSolutions, formerly known as BioPort Corporation in Lansing, Michigan. The principal purchasers of the vaccine in the United States are the Department of Defense and Department of Health and Human Services. Ten million doses of AVA have been purchased for the U.S. Strategic National Stockpile for use in the event of a mass bioterrorist anthrax attack.
In 1997, the Clinton administration initiated the Anthrax Vaccine Immunization Program (AVIP), under which active U.S. service personnel were to be immunized with the vaccine. Controversy ensued since vaccination was mandatory and GAO published reports that questioned the safety and efficacy of AVA, causing sometimes serious side effects. A Congressional report also questioned the safety and efficacy of the vaccine and challenged the legality of mandatory inoculations. Mandatory vaccinations were halted in 2004 by a formal legal injunction which made numerous substantive challenges regarding the vaccine and its safety. After reviewing extensive scientific evidence, the FDA determined in 2005 that AVA is safe and effective as licensed for the prevention of anthrax, regardless of the route of exposure. In 2006, the Defense Department announced the reinstatement of mandatory anthrax vaccinations for more than 200,000 troops and defense contractors. The vaccinations are required for most U.S. military units and civilian contractors assigned to homeland bioterrorism defense or deployed in Iraq, Afghanistan or South Korea.
Investigational anthrax vaccines
A number of experimental anthrax vaccines are undergoing pre-clinical testing, notably the Bacillus anthracis protective antigen—known as PA (see Anthrax toxin—combined with various adjuvants such as aluminum hydroxide (Alhydrogel), saponin QS-21, and monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) in squalene/lecithin/Tween 80 emulsion (SLT). One dose of each formulation has provided significant protection (> 90%) against inhalational anthrax in rhesus macaques.
Omer-2 trial: Beginning in 1998 and running for eight years, a secret Israeli project known as Omer-2 tested an Israeli investigational anthrax vaccine on 716 volunteers of the Israel Defense Forces. The vaccine—given under a seven-dose schedule—was developed by the Nes Tziona Biological Institute. A group of study volunteers complained of multi-symptom illnesses allegedly associated with the vaccine and petitioned for disability benefits to the Defense Ministry, but were denied. In February 2009, a petition from the volunteers to disclose a report about Omer-2 was filed with the Israel's High Court against the Defense Ministry, the Israel Institute for Biological Research at Nes Tziona, the director, Avigdor Shafferman, and the IDF Medical Corps. Release of the information was requested to support further action to provide disability compensation for the volunteers. In 2014 it was announced that the Israeli government would pay $6 million compensation to the 716 soldiers who participated in the Omer-2 trial.
In 2012, B. anthracis isolate H9401 was obtained from a Korean patient with gastrointestinal anthrax. The goal of the Republic of Korea is to use this strain as a challenge strain to develop a recombinant vaccine against anthrax.
References
Further reading
Turnbull, P.C.B. (1991), "Anthrax Vaccines: Past, Present, and Future", Vaccine, 533–9.
Anthrax
Animal vaccines
Biological warfare
Vaccines
Soviet inventions
Military medicine in the Soviet Union
Halpe zema, the zema banded ace, is a species of skipper, a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae. It is native to Nepal, India, and Myanmar.
Taxonomy
The species was first described by William Chapman Hewitson in 1877.
The subspecies of Halpe zema found in India is:
Halpe zema zema Hewitson, 1877 – Sikkim zema banded ace
Description
The wingspan of Halpe zema reaches .
Edward Yerbury Watson in his 1891 Hesperiidae Indica described the butterfly as:
Distribution and habitat
The zema banded ace is distributed from Nepal to Arunachal Pradesh, north-east India, and Myanmar. It is also found in Sikkim, West Bengal, Assam and the northern part of Myanmar.
It is common except during the cold winter months. March to November is their approximate flight period. It is mostly found in the high hilly forest that receives heavy rainfall annually. The flight of this species is very strong and rapid with very wary movement. Males are sometimes spotted near the hill streams or wet rock. Females are rarely seen.
References
Astictopterini
Butterflies of Asia
, also known as , was an empress consort of Japan. She was the consort of Emperor Reigen.
Life
Her father was Takatsukasa Norihira, who had the post of sadaijin and the . Her half-siblings by other mothers included the kampaku Takatsukasa Fusasuke, the sadaijin Kujō Kaneharu, and Takatsukasa Nobuko, the wife of Tokugawa Tsunayoshi. Another theory holds that Fusako was actually Norihira's younger sister, whom he adopted as his daughter.
Marriage
On December 1, 1670, Fusako entered the court of Emperor Reigen, one year her junior, as a court lady. On June 23, 1673, the palace went up in flames, and the estate of udaijin Konoe Motohiro was used as a temporary palace. This was not a new occurrence: in 1661, during the reign of the previous emperor Emperor Go-Sai, another conflagration had led to the use of Motohiro's estate. On October 3, 1673, Fusako gave birth to her daughter . In light of the great fire in Kyoto that had destroyed the palace, the era name was changed to Enpō. But on January 10, 1676, immediately after a new palace had been completed, the temporary one at Motohiro's estate caught flame in turn. Fusako and the emperor found refuge at the home of before entering the new palace two days later.
Empress
On January 1, 1683, Fusako was proclaimed , and on December 3 she was invested as chūgū. She thereby became the emperor's legitimate wife—during the entire Edo period, this only happened four times. Reigen abdicated the throne on May 2, 1687, in favor of Crown Prince Asahito, who then became Emperor Higashiyama. Accompanying this, Fusako was bestowed the honorary name Shinjōsaimon-in. In early 1695, the shogunate presented her with 1,000 koku of land.
Takatsukasa Fusako died on May 19, 1712. Her grave is located at Tsuki no wa no misasagi in Higashiyama-ku, Kyoto.
Notes
All Western dates calculated using Tsuchihashi's database via the Nengocalc tool.
References
Japanese empresses
1653 births
1712 deaths
Fujiwara clan
People of Edo-period Japan
1680s in Japan
17th-century Japanese people
Tomorrow's Youth is a 1934 American film directed by Charles Lamont.
Cast
Dickie Moore as Thomas Hall Jr
Martha Sleeper as Mrs. Hall
John Miljan as Tom Hall
Franklin Pangborn as Tutor
Paul Hurst as Detective
Gloria Shea as Janes Holsworth
Jane Darwell as Mary
Barbara Bedford as Miss Booth
Harry C. Bradley as School Principal
Niles Welch as Attorney
Edward LeSaint as Judge
External links
1934 films
1934 drama films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Charles Lamont
Monogram Pictures films
American drama films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Nam Et-Phou Louey National Protected Area (NPA) is a protected area in northern Laos, covering in three provinces: Houaphan, Luang Prabang, and Xieng Khouang. The park includes a core area where human access and wildlife harvest is prohibited and a 2,950 km2 buffer area where pre-existing villages are allocated land for subsistence living.
The park consists mainly of mountains and hills, with elevations ranging between 336 and 2257 metres. The area is the source of many rivers. It is named after the Nam Et River and Phou Louey Mountain ('Forever Mountain'). The area has a high level of biodiversity and endangered species including tiger, leopard, clouded leopard, Asian golden cat, marbled cat, civet, gaur, Sambar deer, white-cheeked gibbon, sun bear, black bear, Asian elephant, dhole, hornbill and three species of otter. As from 2013 on there is no proof of tigers in the park anymore which makes them extinct in entire Laos. Leopards vanished from the park even earlier.
Villagers living in the Nam Et-Phou Louey National Park include Tai Dam, Tai Daeng, Tai Kao, Tai Puan, Tai Lue, Tai Yuan, Khmu, Hmong Kao, Hmong Lai, and Yao.
Viengthong, a small town in Houaphan Province, is the site of the Nam Et-Phou Louey NPA headquarters and visitor centre, where tours into the park can be organised. The town has basic accommodation and a handful of restaurants. There are many biking and walking trails, as well as hot springs.
Ecotourism
The only access for visitors to see the protected area is by doing a tour organized by the area ecotourism unit.
Nam Nern Night Safari boat tour (24-hour overnight tour) — This innovative and adventurous journey by traditional long-tail boat offers nature activities that include bird watching, wildlife tracking, nighttime wildlife spotting, medicinal plant exploration, and moderate hiking. This tour won the prestigious ‘World Responsible Tourism Award' at the World Travel Mart in London, England, in 2013 and 2014.
Trekking Tours The Nests (two or three days) is a family-friendly hike with overnights in cozy spherical baskets hanging from the trees. The trip is perfect to enjoy wildlife viewing from the observation tower (under construction) at the nearby Poung Nyied salt lick, which attracts animals such as the rare Sambar deer from far and wide.
Trekking Tours Cloud Forest Climb (four or five days including ‘The Nests') is a hiking trail to the summit of Phou Louey to one of the few cloud forests in the region. It is an option for the more adventurous. The hike goes through the evergreen forest and offers a rare opportunity to track wild species such as white-cheeked gibbon, leopards, bears and wild dogs using camera traps, which are set up along the trail and maintained by tourists.
For more information contact the protected area headquarters.
See also
Protected areas of Laos
References
External links
Ecotourism Laos - Protected Areas
Nam Et-Phou Louey NPA
Geography of Houaphanh province
Geography of Luang Prabang province
Geography of Xiangkhouang province
Tourist attractions in Laos
National Biodiversity Conservation Areas
Cycling is among the sports contested at the 2019 South Asian Games. Cycling was hosted at the Sahid Park, Gokarna (mountain biking) and Ring Road (road cycling) between 4 and 7 December 2019.
Medal table
Medalists
Mountain biking
Road cycling
References
External links
Official website
Events at the 2019 South Asian Games
2019
2019 in road cycling
2019 in mountain biking
Cycling in Nepal
Tylopilus atronicotianus, commonly known as the false black velvet bolete, is a bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae. First described scientifically in 1998, it is known only from the eastern United States.
Taxonomy
The species was first described scientifically by Ernst Both, curator emeritus in mycology at the Buffalo Museum of Science, based on specimens he found growing in New York state. The specific epithet atronicotianus means "dark tobacco", and refers to the color of the cap. The mushroom is commonly known as the "false black velvet bolete".
Description
The cap ranges in shape from hemispheric to broadly convex to flattened depending on its age, and it is usually between in diameter. The cap margin is rolled inward in young specimens and unrolls as it matures. The cap surface is dry, smooth, and slightly shiny; its color ranges from light brown to olive-brown, although it tends to be darker in age. The flesh is whitish, but after it is cut or injured, will slowly stain pink to pinkish-red, eventually becoming black. The pore surface on the underside of the cap is initially white before turning reddish-brown in age. The pores are small and angular (up to 1.5 millimeters wide), and the tubes comprising the pores are deep. They are a bright brown color, and will stain black when injured.
The stem is solid (not hollow), and measures long by ; it is roughly equal in width throughout its length or tapered on either end. The color of the stem is grayish to dark brown, and almost black at the base. The stem surface is finely tomentose (covered with short, dense, matted hairs), and usually lacks reticulations (a net-like pattern of rides present in some Tylopilus species), although it may be finely reticulated near the apex. The stem flesh is grayish to blackish in color. Mushrooms produce a reddish-brown spore print, while the spores themselves are narrowly oval, smooth, hyaline (translucent), and measure 7.5–10.5 by 4–5 μm. The edibility of the mushroom has not been determined. Fruit bodies have been used in mushroom dying to produce a variety of brownish colors.
The "black velvet bolete", Tylopilus alboater, is roughly similar in appearance, but is distinguished by a blacker cap with less brown color, and a velvety cap texture.
Habitat and distribution
Tylopilus atronicotianus is a mycorrhiza species, and is found in mixed tree stands with deciduous trees such as red oak, beech, and hemlock. The fruit bodies grow on the ground solitarily, scattered, or in groups. The species is fairly common in its range, which includes western New York and West Virginia, although the true limits of its distribution have yet to be precisely determined.
See also
List of North American boletes
References
External links
atronicotianus
Fungi described in 1998
Fungi of North America
Marguerite Jacquelin (1850s – 1 February 1941) was a French flower painter.
Jacquelin was born in Paris and trained with the painters Louis-Auguste Auguin, Léon Bonnat, Maxime Lalanne, and Joseph Nicolas Robert-Fleury. She showed works at the Paris Salon from 1879.
Jacquelin moved to Bordeaux by 1937, where she showed works along with her sister Marthe at the Salon there listing their address as "Rue Emile-Zola 2".
References
Marguerite Jacquelin on artnet
1850s births
1941 deaths
Painters from Paris
19th-century French painters
French women painters
Flower artists
Académie Julian alumni
19th-century French women artists
20th-century French painters
20th-century French women artists
Since its formation in 1969, the drama troupe Kotéba National du Mali has performed classic pieces of by Malian, African, and even European authors. In 1979 in search of a form of theatrical expression true to its traditional Bambaran heritage, the group took the form of the koteba consisting of chants, dance, burlesque comedy and comic satires. The group's mission is to promote theatre in general and that of Mali in particular by giving value to traditional forms of popular national theater. Today, the Kotéba National is engaged in the adaptation of modern techniques and methods to preserve and reemphasize the dramatic expression of the Malian people.
Repertoire
1969 : La Mort de Chaka (Seydou Badjan Kouyaté)
1970 : Une si belle leçon de patience (Mansa M. Diabaté)
1972 : La Grande Prédiction
1972 : La Diaspora noire
1972 : Nègres, qu'avez-vous fait ? (Alkaly Kaba)
1972 : Les Hommes de Backchich
1976 : Les Gens des Marais (Wolé Soyinka)
1979 : Au mystérieux pays de Kaïdara (Amadou Hampaté Ba)
1979 : Kotè Tulon I « Cè tè malo »
1979 : On joue la comédie (Senouvo Agbota Zinsou) Togo
1980 : Kotè tlon II « Angoisses paysannes »
1983 : Kotè tlon III « Fugula nafama et Bura Musa Jugu »
1986 : Bougounieri
1988 : Wari (Ousmane Sow)
1989 : Féréké nyamibugu
1991 : Ansigué (Abdoulaye Diawara)
1996 : La Prise de Sikasso (Dr Abdoulaye Diallo)
1998 : I Kofle (création collective)
1998 : De l'Éden au Mandé (Massa Makan Diabaté)
1998 : Samanyana Basi (super production)
1999 : Kun cèma turuni (création collective)
2000 : La Valeur d'un serment (Younouss Touré)
2000 : Mali Sadio (Fily Dabo Sissoko)
2001 : Kaïdara (Ousmane Sow et Gabriel Magma Konaté)
2002 : Politiki kèlè (Gabriel Magma Konaté)
2003 : Bakari jan et Bilisi (adaptation de Gabriel Magma Konaté)
2006 : Les Fous démocrates
2008 : Dugubakonoko
Tours
At the national level
Numerous tours covering nearly all of Mali. Usually around ten showings monthly.
At the international level
Participation at the festival de la jeunesse francophone 1974
Participation at the festival Mondial du théâtre amateur (Monaco) 1981
Tour of cultural exchange in Côte d'Ivoire 1981
Participation at the festival international de théâtre pour le développement FITD, 3rd Edition (Ansigué).
Participation at the festival international du théâtre pour le développement (La Prise de Sikasso et Les Aveugles voleurs)
Awards
Laureat of the 12th concourse of inter-African theater (living theater) 1982
References
Theatre companies in Mali
Theatre in Mali
John Gardener (died 1402), of New Romney, Kent was a Member of Parliament for New Romney in 1395, 1399 and 1401.
References
14th-century births
1402 deaths
People from New Romney
14th-century English people
15th-century English people
English MPs 1395
English MPs 1399
English MPs 1401
Oswald Partridge Milne FRSA FRIBA (February 1881 – 15 January 1968) was a British architect.
Biography
Born in Balham, London, in February 1881, Milne was the son of the architect William Oswald Milne (1847-1927), who was a partner with Thomas E Champion and Edward Morgan Llewelyn Forster (father of the novelist) at 39 Great Marlborough Street, Middlesex FRIBA. His family subsequently moved to Enfield, Middlesex.
Educated at Bedford School, Milne began his architectural training in 1898 when he was articled to Sir Arthur Blomfield. In 1902 he joined the office of Sir Edwin Lutyens. In 1904 he set up his own practice and in 1919 formed a partnership with Paul Phipps.
He was Vice-President of the Royal Society of Arts between 1959 and 1961.
During the First World War he served as a major in the Royal Army Service Corps and during the Second World War as a captain in the Home Guard.
He became a resident of Hampstead, north London, and between 1937 and 1953 served on Hampstead Borough Council as a councillor and alderman. He was Mayor of Hampstead between 1947 and 1949.
He died on 15 January 1968, aged 86.
Works
Amongst Milne's commissions in London were the interior of Claridge's Hotel and the Eleventh Church of Christ Scientist, Baker Street. He was responsible for buildings at Bedford School, Blundell's School, Cheltenham College, Christ's Hospital, Dame Alice Harpur School and Highgate School.
Milne and Phipps designed the County of Pembroke War Memorial in Haverfordwest, erected in 1921.
He was the architect of Coleton Fishacre, which was built in 1925–1926.
References
1881 births
1968 deaths
People educated at Bedford School
20th-century English architects
Architects from London
Fellows of the Royal Institute of British Architects
British Army personnel of World War I
Royal Army Service Corps soldiers
British Home Guard officers
Military personnel from London
is a railway station in Iwakuni, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Fujū Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1897
A list of the earliest films produced in Azerbaijan SSR ordered by year of release in the 1960s:
Films:1918-1990 see also List of Soviet films
1960
1961-
External links
Azerbaijani film at the Internet Movie Database
Azerbaycan Kinosu
1960
Lists of 1960s films
Films
Battle of Soissons can refer to several battles in the vicinity of the French town Soissons:
Battle of Soissons (486), between the Franks and a Roman successor state under Syagrius
Battle of Soissons (718), between the Neustrians with the Aquitainians against the Austrasians
Battle of Soissons (923), between Carolingians and Robertians during a succession war
Battle of Soissons (1814), Napoleonic Wars
Siege of Soissons (1870), Franco-Prussian War
Battle of Soissons (1918), World War I, between French-American and German troops
The chestnut-winged babbler (Cyanoderma erythropterum) is a babbler species in the family Timaliidae. It occurs in the Malay Peninsula from southern Thailand to Singapore, and in Sumatra. It inhabits forests and shrublands up to an elevation of . It is listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List.
It is chestnut-brown with a greyish face and underparts, and is long. It feeds on small Coleoptera beetles, Phasmida insects, ants, and Hemiptera bugs.
Timalia erythroptera was the scientific name proposed by Edward Blyth in 1842 for an olive-brown babbler from Nepal.
It was later placed in the genus Stachyris, but since 2020 is recognised as a Cyanoderma species.The grey-hooded babbler (C. bicolor) of Borneo was formerly considered conspecific.
References
External links
chestnut-winged babbler
Birds of the Malay Peninsula
Birds of Sumatra
chestnut-winged babbler
chestnut-winged babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Surgical Innovation is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of surgery. Its editors are Adrian E. Park, MD, FRCS (Dalhousie University) and Lee Swanstrom, MD (Legacy Health System). Founded in 1994, it is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Scope
Surgical Innovation focuses on minimally invasive surgical techniques, new instruments and endoscopes, and new technologies. It aims to help surgeons learn new techniques, understand and adapt to new technologies, maintain surgical competencies, and apply surgical outcomes data to their practices.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in databases including SCOPUS and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2018 impact factor is 1.472, ranking it 131 out of 203 journals in the Surgery category.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Raymond-Theodore Troplong (October 8, 1795 – March 1, 1869) was a French Bonapartist politician of the Second French Empire. He served as President of the Senate of France (1852–1869) and was a member of the Académie des sciences morales et politiques.
Life
Raymond-Theodore Troplong was born in 1795. His career started in 1819, when he became a lawyer. In 1835, he was appointed advisor of the Court of Cassation, while in 1840, he became a member of the Academy of Moral and Political Sciences (Legislation section). He also entered the so-called Chamber of Peers in 1846, while in 1852 he became president of the Court of Cassation.
Troplong co-authored the original text of the French Constitution of 1852 and he was also appointed senator on January 23, 1852. Then he became rapporteur of the sénatus-consulte under Napoleon III (Second French Empire); Troplong legitimized Napoleon III's coup d'état with this argument:
He replaced the prince Jerome Bonaparte when he resigned from his position of President of the Senate of France on December 30, 1852. He retained this function for most of the Second French Empire (1852-1870) until his death in 1869. In 1858, he was appointed member of the Conseil privé de l'Empereur (i.e. the "Private Council of the Emperor").
Raymond-Theodore Troplong, who was one of the leading jurists of his time (he's been described as the "Portalis of the Second Empire") wrote many books about law, in which he defended a conception of law mixed with philosophy and history. He knew and discussed the work of Friedrich Carl von Savigny, the founder of the German "Ecole historique du droit", and defended neighboring but distinct positions, which seems to prove, despite what has been argued by certain authors (Julien Bonnecase, The School of Exegesis in Civil Law, 1924) his influence on the legal doctrine. In France, the existence and fecundity of a French "School of Law", whose influence is far from being marginal, is still perceived today.
He was a skilled and popular writer, but he was also a very poor speaker, which earned him the sarcasm of Prosper Mérimée, who once said: "Our President, aptly named Troplong" (in French, trop long means "too long").
After death, he wanted to be buried together with his only daughter Joséphine Marie-Louise, who had died in Plombières-les-Bains in October 1839 when she was in that city with her parents for a few days of relaxation; the little girl was just eight years old. The wife of the senator and mother of the girl (1805-1881) also rests in that place. Today, the French Senate still takes care of the maintenance of the tomb.
Works
De la souveraineté des ducs de Lorraine sur le Barois mouvant et de l'inaliénabilité de leur domaine dans cette partie de leur États. Grimblot, Nancy, 1832.
Des privilèges et hypothèques ou commentaires du titre XVIII du livre III du Code Civil, Hingray, Paris, 1833
Commentaire de la vente, 1833.
De la vente ou commentaire du titre VI du livre III du Code civil, Hingray, Paris, 1834 (5e éd. mise en rapport avec la loi du 23 mars 1855 sur la transcription, Paris, 1856).
De la nécessité de réformer les études historiques applicables au droit français
.
Des pouvoirs de l'État sur l'enregistrement d'après l'Ancien Droit public français, Hingray, Paris, 1844.
Du prêt : commentaire du titre X du livre III du Code civil, Hingray, Paris, 1845.
Du dépôt et du séquestre et des contrats aléatoires : commentaire des titres XI et .XII du Livre III du Code civil, Hingray, Paris, 1845.
Du mandat : commentaire du titre XIII du livre III du Code civil, Hingray, Paris, 1846.
Du cautionnement et des transactions : commentaire des titres XIV et XV du Livre III du Code Civil, Hingray, Paris, 1846.
Contraintes par corps en matière civile et de commerce : commentaire du titre XVI du libre III du Code civil, Hingray, Paris, 1847.
Du nantissement, du gage et de l'antichrèse : commentaire du titre XVII du livre III du Code civil, Hingray, Paris, 1847.
De la propriété d'après le Code civil, Pagnerre, Paris, 1848.
Du contrat de mariage et des droits respectifs des époux : commentaire du titre V du livre III dit Code civil, Hingray. Paris, 1850.
Table alphabétique et analytique dit commentaire du titre V du livre III du Code civil, du contrat de mariage et des droits respectifs des époux, Table publiée avec la seconde édition de l'ouvrage, Hingray, Paris, 1851.
*
Du principe d'autorité depuis 1789, les marchands de nouveautés, Paris, 1853.
References
External links
Works by Troplong at the Internet Archive.
1795 births
1869 deaths
People from Saint-Gaudens, Haute-Garonne
Politicians from Occitania (administrative region)
Bonapartists
Members of the Chamber of Peers of the July Monarchy
French Senators of the Second Empire
Presidents of the Senate (France)
Members of the Académie des sciences morales et politiques
The 2004 Vaahteraliiga season was the 25th season of the highest level of American football in Finland. The regular season took place between June 5 and August 23, 2004. The Finnish champion was determined in the playoffs and at the championship game Vaahteramalja XXV the Helsinki Roosters won the Turku Trojans.
Standings
Playoffs
References
American football in Finland
Vaahteraliiga
Vaahteraliiga
New Elliott is an unincorporated community in St. John Township, Lake County, Indiana.
Geography
New Elliott is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Walter Fairbanks (13 April 1852 – 25 August 1924) was an English cricketer. He played for Gloucestershire between 1875 and 1884. Fairbanks was educated at Clifton College and Clare College, Cambridge. After graduating he returned to Clifton College and taught there 1875–96.
References
1852 births
1924 deaths
English cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
Sportspeople from Chatham, Kent
Cambridge University cricketers
Non-international England cricketers
People educated at Clifton College
Alumni of Clare College, Cambridge
Schoolteachers from Somerset
Torah finials or rimonim / rimmonim ((, lit. "pomegranates"), singular: rimmon / rimon) are silver or gold finials adorning the top ends of the rollers ( ) of a Sefer Torah (Torah scroll). Very often the rimonim are adorned with little bells and are very intricate.
See also
Torah crown
References
Jewish art
Torah
The John M. Earle House is a historic house located in Fall River, Massachusetts, United States. It was built in 1870 by John M. Earle, a carpenter, in the Italianate Villa style. The Earle House is located on Durfee Street in a gentrifying neighborhood which has experienced commercial encroachment from downtown.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. Since that time, the house has been significantly altered with much of the original wood details removed, including quoins, and covered with vinyl siding. The original windows have also been replaced.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Fall River, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1870
Achladia is an archaeological site and a village in Lasithi, Crete.
Achladia may also refer to:
Achladia, Attica, a subdivision of Porto Rafti ESE of Athens in the Attica prefecture and region
Achladia, Drama, a village in the Drama Prefecture, part of the municipality of Kato Nevrokopi
Achladia, Karditsa, a village in the Karditsa Prefecture, part of the municipality of Tamasio
Achladia, Phthiotis, a village in Phthiotis, part of the municipality of Domokos
Achladia, Thesprotia, a village in Thesprotia, part of the municipality of Filiates
Achladia, Trikala, a village in the Trikala Prefecture, part of the municipality of Chasia
The 1984–85 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 46th season of ice hockey in Norway. Ten teams participated in the league, and Valerenga Ishockey won the championship.
First round
Second round
Playoffs
Kvalserien
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1984 in Norwegian sport
1985 in Norwegian sport
Joseph Cable (April 17, 1801 – May 1, 1880) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1849 to 1853. He was the great-grandfather of Congressman John Levi Cable.
Life and career
Born in Jefferson County, then in the Territory Northwest of the River Ohio (now in the State of Ohio), Cable attended the public schools. He studied law. He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Jefferson County. He established and published the Jeffersonian and Democrat at Steubenville, Ohio, in 1831 and later the Ohio Patriot at New Lisbon, Ohio.
Congress
Cable was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Congresses (March 4, 1849 – March 3, 1853), while living in Carroll County.
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1852.
Later life
He moved to Sandusky, Ohio, in 1853 and published the Daily Sandusky Minor, until moving to Van Wert in 1857 and establishing the American and later the Bulletin. After a time living in Wauseon and publishing the Wauseon Republican, he moved to Paulding, where he published the Political Review.
Death
He died on May 1, 1880, and was interred in Live Oak Cemetery.
References
1801 births
1880 deaths
People from Jefferson County, Ohio
People from Carroll County, Ohio
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
Ohio lawyers
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Journalists from Ohio
People from Steubenville, Ohio
People from Sandusky, Ohio
People from Wauseon, Ohio
People from Paulding, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
The 1953 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University in the Skyline Conference during the 1953 college football season. In their fifth season under head coach Chick Atkinson, the Cougars compiled a 2–7–1 record (1–5–1 against Skyline opponents), tied for seventh in the Skyline, and were outscored by a total of 228 to 172.
The team's statistical leaders included LaVon Satterfield with 682 yards of total offense (114 rushing, 568 passing), Reed Stolworthy with 473 rushing yards, and Dick Felt with 30 points scored.
Schedule
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
The Muñoz Seca Theater (Teatro Muñoz Seca) is a theater in Madrid, Spain. The theater is named after playwright Pedro Muñoz Seca.
During the Second Spanish Republic Pilar Millán Astray led the theater.
References
Further reading
Antonio Castro. "Teatro Muñoz Seca, los tiempos del cuplé". Actores|93. Accessed April 13, 2012.
Theatres in Spain
Entertainment venues in Madrid
Buildings and structures in Sol neighborhood, Madrid
Homer Craig is an American former Negro league pitcher who played in the 1930s.
Craig played for the Newark Dodgers in 1934 and 1935. In 16 recorded games, he posted six hits in 26 plate appearances with a 5.91 ERA in 77.2 innings on the mound.
References
External links
and Seamheads
Year of birth missing
Place of birth missing
Newark Dodgers players
Baseball pitchers
The 1991 Florida State Seminoles baseball team represented Florida State University in the 1991 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Seminoles played their home games at Dick Howser Stadium. The team was coached by Mike Martin in his twelfth season as head coach at Florida State.
The Seminoles reached the College World Series, their eleventh appearance in Omaha, where they finished tied for seventh place after losses to Fresno State and .
Personnel
Roster
Coaches
Schedule and results
Notes
References
Florida State Seminoles baseball seasons
Florida State Seminoles
College World Series seasons
Florida State Seminoles baseball
Florida State
Kuhs or KUHS may refer to:
Kuhs, a municipality in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany
Kathmandu University High School, Panauti, Nepal
Kerala University of Health Sciences, Thrissur, Kerala, India
Klamath Union High School, Klamath Falls, Oregon, United States
KUHS-LP, a low-power radio station (102.5 FM) licensed to serve Hot Springs, Arkansas, United States
Sir Edward Eyre Williams (1813 – 30 April 1880) was an English-Australian lawyer, politician and judge. He was a nominated member of the Victorian Legislative Council and Solicitor-General of Victoria.
Early life
Williams was born in 1813 in England, to Burton Williams, a colonist from Trinidad, and his wife Jane; he was the couple's sixth son. In November 1833, after completing his education, Williams was called to the bar of the Inner Temple where he practised as a barrister.
Williams was born to a slaveholding family. His father owned some 450 slaves, in Trinidad in the 1820s. Edward was later a trustee to his insane brother, who was compensated on the emancipation of slavery in the 1830s.
Williams married Jessie Gibbon, a minister's daughter, on 13 March 1841.
Port Phillip District/Colony of Victoria
Williams decided to move to Australia, arriving with his wife in the Port Phillip District on 13 February 1842, where he initially planned to become a squatter. However, he soon abandoned this idea and joined the Melbourne bar on 30 March 1842, making his first court appearance the following month where he performed well.
In the 1840s, although there were a few other members, the Melbourne bar essentially consisted of Redmond Barry and William Stawell (both future judicial colleagues of Williams), along with Williams, Robert Pohlman and Archibald Cunninghame. Barry, Stawell, Williams, Pohlman, James Croke and Edward Brewster, all with either Irish or English educational and legal backgrounds, were something of "an informal Senior Common Room" in Melbourne in the 1840s, "dining and socialising together and generally supportive of their own brand of legal manners."
In May 1844 Williams was appointed to the Bourke District local council. He contributed to efforts to establish the Melbourne Hospital from 1845, and in 1847 was a member of its first management committee.
In 1848, Williams represented William Kerr, the proprietor of The Argus, in defence of a libel case brought by the mayor of Melbourne Henry Moor. Kerr lost the case, and the damages he had to pay pushed him into insolvency, forcing him to sell The Argus. Williams later represented Edward Wilson (who had bought The Argus from Kerr) and James Johnston against another libel suit brought by Moor. Moor won this case too, but was awarded only token damages of one farthing. In both cases, Moor was represented by William Stawell.
Williams was appointed the commissioner of insolvent estates on 1 April 1851. Later that year he intended to stand in the first election for the Legislative Council of Victoria, but when made Commissioner of the Court of Requests in late July 1851, he withdrew from the election. He was also appointed chairman of the Court of Quarter Sessions in January 1852. Williams would become a member of the Legislative Council from 13 April 1852, when he succeeded Redmond Barry as Solicitor-General of Victoria, after Barry was appointed a judge of the Supreme Court of Victoria. Williams was Solicitor-General for barely three months, however, since he was himself made a judge of the Supreme Court on 21 July 1852, bringing the Court to its full complement of three judges.
As a judge, Williams was recognised for his diligent and efficient work at the circuit sittings of the Supreme Court in various parts of the colony. Before the penetration of railways into the interior, many of the journeys to the circuit sittings were made on horseback. Only limited amounts of time were available for each of the circuit destinations, and Williams would often hold sittings until the early hours of the morning in order to maintain the busy schedule of cases.
Williams took a two-year leave of absence in England, beginning in April 1859. In 1872, the youngest of Williams' two daughters was killed in a mountaineering accident in Switzerland, when she fell from a cliff. Crushed by this loss, and suffering from poor health, Williams was advised by his doctors to leave the bench, and he resigned from the Court in April 1874. He left Australia with his family on 28 May of that year, returning to England.
Williams retired to the city of Bath; knighted on 28 May 1878; He died on 30 April 1880, survived by his wife Miss Jessie Gibbon, a daughter and two sons, the youngest of whom was Hartley Williams.
References
1813 births
1880 deaths
Judges of the Supreme Court of Victoria
Colony of Victoria judges
Solicitors-General of Victoria
Long Island Aquarium (formerly Atlantis Marine World) is an aquarium that opened in 2000 on Long Island in Riverhead, New York, United States.
One of its biggest attractions is a coral reef display tank, which is one of the largest all-living coral displays in the Western Hemisphere.
History
Construction on the aquarium began in 1999, and it opened on June 15, 2000. The Town of Riverhead bought the land in 1995 with the hopes the Okeanos Foundation of Hampton Bays, New York would operate it as part of a rehabilitation project of the Peconic waterfront. However, Okeanos was unable to raise funds. Space has been given in the aquarium to the Riverhead Foundation for Marine Research and Preservation.
The aquarium's original cost of $15 million was provided by developers James J. Bissett and Joseph M. Petrocelli. Bissett's family owns the Bissett Nursery in Holtsville, New York. Petrocelli's family owns Petrocelli Construction based in Ronkonkoma, New York, as well as Raphael Vineyard.
On July 1, 2011, it changed its name to Long Island Aquarium and Exhibition Center after undergoing a $24 million expansion including a brand-new Exhibition Center, a Sea Star Grand Ballroom (which joined its successful catering component, Atlantis Banquets & Events), as well as construction of a 100-room waterfront Hyatt Place Hotel. The aquarium also owns and operates a 120-slip marina called Treasure Cove Resort Marina. The aquarium was featured in the 5th season of The Apprentice.
Exhibits
Indoor exhibits include Amazon Rainforest, American Alligators, Archer Fish, Best Buddies (clownfish & anemone), Birds, Bugs and Butterflies Exhibit, Coral Reef, Cuttlefish, Discus Fish, Electric Eel, Flounder Find, Form & Function, Giant Pacific Octopus, Jellyfish, Local Rocky Shores, Lost City of Atlantis Shark Exhibit, Marmosets, Megalodon Display, Moray Eels, Ocean Creatures of the World/Crab Villa (Japanese spider crab), Piranha, Poseidon's Treasure Room, Puffer Fish, Ray Bay, Sand Shark Lagoon, Schooling Fish (common Pacific silver moonfish), Seahorses, Shipwreck/Artificial Reef (Lion Fish), Tidal Marsh, an interactive touch tank and Turtle Bay (Australian snake-necked turtle, red-eared sliders and east African black mud turtles) .
Outdoor exhibits include Ancient Reptile Ruins (green tree python and mangrove monitor), Creatures of the Night (Brazilian prehensile-tailed porcupine and Pallas's long tailed bats), Gator Invasion, Koi Pond, Interactive Salt Marsh, Lost Temple of Atlantis (Japanese snow monkeys), Otter Falls (North American river otters), Penguin Pavilion (African penguin), Ray Bay, Sea Lion Coliseum, Seals and Critter Corner.
Interactive displays include Interactive Salt Marsh, Arcade, Ray Bay, Sea Lion Kiss, Submarine Simulator, hands on touch tank, and an Interactive Creature Feature
References
Riverhead (town), New York
Aquaria in New York (state)
Tourist attractions in Suffolk County, New York
2000 establishments in New York (state)
Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish was a parish of the Roman Catholic Church designated for Polish immigrants in Greenfield, Massachusetts. Founded 1914, it was one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts. The diocese closed the parish in 2009.
History
The Greenfield Polish community had become well established by 1910, the church beginning to offer mass in the Polish language. The parish grew large enough by 1920 to support and establish their own church facility. A survey of Polish parishes taken during World War II showed 944 members of the community, with 153 members serving in the military and four having died during military service.
Though the parish closed in 2009, the community still honored the church with several celebrations in 2011. After closing, the parish was joined with the "Our Lady of Peace" parish community.
Notes
Sources
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Sacred Heart - TheCatholicDirectory.com
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Pastoral planning in Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Greenfield, Massachusetts
The Iron Chair is a torture device that has several different variations depending on its origin and use throughout history. It also has many names - the Chinese torture chair, the torture chair, and the Iron Chair. In all cases, the victim was seated on several strips or plates of brass and placed over an open flame and slowly roasted alive. In other variations, the "culprits" or prisoners were tied to an iron armchair and then slowly pushed nearer and nearer to a blazing fire." Other versions of this chair had the addition of small sharp spikes which lined the back, seat, armrests and leg rests. The number of spikes ranged from 500 to 1,500.
Origin
The iron chair originated from Europe's Middle Ages, though it was used around the world in different variations as well. Other punishments are The Thumbscrew, The Iron Maiden, The Breaking Wheel, The Pillory, The Rack, The Scold's Bridle, The Rat's Dungeon and The Head-crusher.
Lead
The Iron chair was a torture device that was added to dungeons in the middle ages. It experienced its prime in popularity in Europe. The iron chair has many different variations depending on its location but they all consisted of 500-1500 spikes covering the whole chair with a hole on the seat for fire and coal to be placed under. "It was common to have a victim strapped to the chair watch the torture of another victim" (Albanese). It was mostly used in a psychological way to coerce confessions out of people by watching other people suffer, "But although it would bring about a very slow and painful death, it was probably used more symbolically. With this thing in front of you, the chances are that you would comply with your captor pretty quickly" (Moscoso).
The iron chair was also used as punishment. Crimes that are punishable by the iron chair include adultery, witchcraft, murder, etc. It had many other names too, including the Chinese Torture Chair, Torture Chair, Chair of Torture, and Judas Chair. This instrument was used until the late 1800s in Europe.
Variations
Another variation of the iron chair was called the Chinese torture chair because it was a very common torture technique in China. Though the Chinese torture chair is slightly different it was used in the same psychological way as Europe's version. The Chinese torture chair was used in from 1701 to the 1900s in China and was "...made from wood with 12 steel blades in the arm, back and foot rests and seat" (Science Museum, London).
Effects
This device was used on convicted people or suspects because it instilled fear in a person. It was used to extract confessions from people by watching another get tortured, "It was common to have a victim strapped to the chair watch the torture of another victim" (Albanese). If that failed, the person them self had to suffer from it as well. The iron chair "...lies primarily in the psychological fear caused on the victim" (Medievality). The iron chair was especially unique because it relied on the psychological effects rather than physical, unlike many other torture instruments. Physically, this instrument punctures the skin while the person is tied down tightly onto the chair. If they do not cooperate, the person gets tied down tighter, digging the spikes deeper into their flesh. The large hole at the bottom of the seat was made to put coal and fire under to burn the victims lower body parts and slowly roast them alive. This torture technique did not necessarily cause death itself, it was usually followed with an infection after the person was released. Death was far from instant with the iron chair "This could go on for hours, sometimes days. The spikes did not penetrate vital organs and blood loss was minimized — at least until the person was released from the chair" (Dvorsky).
References
Instruments of torture
European instruments of torture
Vaginal estrogen is a form of estrogen that is delivered by intravaginal administration. Vaginally administered estrogens are thereby exerting their effects mainly in the nearby tissue, with more limited systemic effects compared to orally administered estrogens. It will not protect against osteoporosis. With perhaps the exception of the Femring, it also will not alleviate the hot flashes and hormonal imbalance caused by menopause.
Indications
Vaginally administered estrogen are usually used to treat some menopausal symptoms that are isolated to the vagina, vulva and urethra.
Atrophic vaginitis, with presentations such as dryness and soreness in the vagina and dyspareunia (pain during sexual intercourse)
Itching, redness, or soreness of the vulva
Urinary urgency (feeling an urge to urinate more often than is needed), or dysuria (experiencing pain while urinating)
Forms
Vaginal tablets, including Vagifem which contains estradiol
Vaginal creams, including Premarin which is a compound cream consisting primarily of conjugated estrogens isolated from mare's urine. Another vaginal cream is Ovesterin, which contains estriol.
Vaginal rings (such as Oestring), which are polymeric drug delivery devices designed to provide controlled release of drugs to the vagina over extended periods of time. Although the Femring might be able to ease hot flashes, this does not appear to be the case for other vaginal estrogen rings or vaginal creams.
Side effects
Most of the vaginally administered estrogens are synthetic and therefore cause the following side effects
Serious side effects:
chest pain or heavy feeling, pain spreading to the arm or shoulder, nausea, sweating, general ill feeling;
sudden numbness or weakness, especially on one side of the body;
sudden severe headache, confusion, problems with vision, speech, or balance;
pain, swelling, warmth, or redness in one or both legs;
abnormal vaginal bleeding;
migraine headache;
pain, swelling, or tenderness in your stomach;
confusion, problems with memory or concentration;
jaundice (yellowing of the skin or eyes);
swelling in your hands, ankles, or feet; or
a breast lumps.
Less serious side effects may include:
mild nausea, vomiting, bloating, stomach cramps;
breast pain, tenderness, or swelling;
freckles or darkening of facial skin;
increased hair growth, loss of scalp hair;
changes in weight or appetite;
problems with contact lenses;
vaginal itching or discharge;
changes in your menstrual periods, decreased sex drive; or
headache, nervousness, dizziness, tired feeling.
Contraindications
Estrogen administered vaginally should not be given to persons who are:
Pregnant people
Estrogen should not be used while pregnant as it could cause serious birth defects.
Breastfeeding
Estrogen passes into the breast milk and will cause a decrease in the production and quality of breast milk.
Alternatives
To effectively alleviate the symptoms of menopause, it is best to take oral estrogen instead of topical estrogen since the results are systemic and it will rejuvenate the entire reproductive system and not just the perineal area.
Phytoestrogens are plant derived compounds found in a wide variety of foods. Several health benefits including a lowered risk of osteoporosis, heart disease, breast cancer, and menopausal symptoms are frequently attributed to phytoestrogens but many are also considered to have the potential to cause adverse health effects. Plants such as Kacip Fatimah have been found to contain phytoestrogens that could alleviate some symptoms of menopause.
See also
Pharmacokinetics of estradiol § Vaginal administration
References
Estrogens
Menopause
Siparuna calantha is an evergreen dioecious shrub which grows to around 10 m in height. It is found only in the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta in Colombia. It is similar to Siparuna petiolaris but differs in having much broader leaves.
References
New species of Siparuna
Siparunaceae
Flora of Colombia
Dioecious plants
Plants described in 2000
Pennsylvania Route 443 (PA 443) is an east–west state highway in the US state of Pennsylvania. The western terminus is at an intersection with State Route 3009 (SR 3009) at North Front Street on the east bank of the Susquehanna River in the community of Fort Hunter in Middle Paxton Township, just west of an interchange with the U.S. Route 22 (US 22)/US 322 freeway. The eastern terminus is at US 209 in Lehighton. The route runs through rural areas in the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians in Dauphin, Lebanon, Schuylkill, and Carbon counties, serving Fort Indiantown Gap, Pine Grove, Schuylkill Haven, Orwigsburg, New Ringgold, and South Tamaqua. PA 443 intersects several major roads, including US 22/US 322 near its western terminus, PA 72 in Union Township, Interstate 81 (I-81) near Pine Grove, PA 61 between Schuylkill Haven and Orwigsburg, and PA 309 in South Tamaqua.
PA 443 was designated in 1928 between PA 43 (Jonestown Road) in Harper Tavern and US 120 (now PA 61) in Schuylkill Haven. PA 925 was designated in 1928 to run between New Ringgold and PA 29 (now PA 309) in South Tamaqua. By 1930, the western terminus of PA 443 was moved to PA 43 west of Jonestown, heading south from Lickdale. In the 1930s, PA 443 was realigned at Green Point to run west to US 11/US 15/US 22/US 322 (North Front Street) on the east bank of the Susquehanna River, with the former alignment between Jonestown and Green Point becoming an extended PA 72, while PA 925 was extended west from New Ringgold to US 122 (now PA 61) west of Orwigsburg. In the 1940s, PA 443 was extended east from Schuylkill Haven to US 209/US 309 in Lehighton, replacing the entirety of PA 925 between Orwigsburg and South Tamaqua. North Front Street at the western terminus became unnumbered in 1977 when US 22/US 322 was shifted to a freeway a short distance to the east.
Route description
Dauphin and Lebanon counties
PA 443 begins at an intersection with SR 3009 (North Front Street) on the east bank of the Susquehanna River in the community of Fort Hunter in Middle Paxton Township, Dauphin County, heading northeast on Fishing Creek Valley Road, a two-lane divided highway. Shortly after beginning, the route comes to a partial cloverleaf interchange with the US 22/US 322 freeway and passes over Norfolk Southern's Buffalo Line on a bridge. The road becomes undivided and heads through forested areas with some homes between Blue Mountain to the south and Second Mountain to the north. PA 443 passes to the north of the Boyd Big Tree Preserve Conservation Area and continues through the narrow valley with some fields and residences, crossing into West Hanover Township. The route enters East Hanover Township and becomes Mountain Road, turning south to pass through the Manada Gap in Blue Mountain in the community of Manada Gap. The road curves back to the east and runs between forested Blue Mountain to the north and farmland and homes to the south. PA 443 intersects Bow Creek Road, which heads south to provide access to I-81 and becomes PA 743 upon crossing US 22. Past this intersection, the route passes to the north of Hollywood Casino at Penn National Race Course as it continues northeast.
PA 443 crosses into East Hanover Township in Lebanon County and continues through agricultural areas with some homes to the south of Blue Mountain, gaining a second westbound lane past the Pleasant View Road intersection. The road becomes three lanes with two eastbound lanes and one westbound lane at the Mount Laurel Lane/Park Drive intersection and passes through more rural land. The route narrows to two lanes and becomes Clement Avenue, passing to the northwest of Memorial Lake State Park before it enters the grounds of the Fort Indiantown Gap military reservation. PA 443 gains a second westbound lane again and curves east before it turns northwest onto two-lane Asher Miner Road. The road heads into forests within the Indiantown Gap in Blue Mountain and forms the border between East Hanover Township to the west and Union Township to the east before it fully enters Union Township and curves northeast as Moonshine Road, leaving the grounds of the military reservation. The route continues through forests with some fields and residences between Blue Mountain to the southeast and Second Mountain to the northwest. PA 443 reaches the community of Green Point, where it crosses the Appalachian Trail and intersects the northern terminus of PA 72, turning north onto an unnamed road. The road crosses the Appalachian Trail again and forms the northwestern border of Swatara State Park, curving northeast and running through forests with some farmland and residences and passing through the community of Murray.
Schuylkill and Carbon counties
The route enters Pine Grove Township in Schuylkill County and becomes Suedberg Road, running through rural areas along the northern border of Swatara State Park a short distance to the north of the Swatara Rail Trail. Along this stretch, the road passes through the communities of Suedberg and Irving. PA 443 comes to an interchange with I-81 near businesses and continues east through a mix of farm fields and woodland with some residential and commercial development, running through the community of Exmoor. The road intersects the northern terminus of PA 645 before it makes a curve to the north and enters the borough of Pine Grove. Here, the route becomes South Tulpehocken Street and is lined with homes, reaching a junction with the western terminus of PA 895. The road continues into the downtown area of Pine Grove, where it passes homes and businesses and comes to the southern terminus of PA 125. At this junction, PA 125 continues north on North Tulpehocken Street and PA 443 turns northeast onto East Pottsville Street. The route runs through residential areas before it crosses the Swatara Creek, where it becomes the border between the borough of Pine Grove to the northwest and Pine Grove Township to the southeast, passing between neighborhoods and Pine Grove Area High School to the northwest and industrial areas to the southeast. The road fully enters Pine Grove Township and becomes Pleasant Valley Road, passing through a mix of farmland and woodland with some homes and running east-northeast through the community of Pleasant Valley. PA 443 crosses into Washington Township and becomes Deturksville Road, continuing through rural areas and passing through the community of Deturksville. Farther east, the route enters Wayne Township and becomes Long Run Road, continuing through agricultural land with some homes. The road passes through the community of Friedensburg, where it passes residences and a few businesses. From here, PA 443 runs through farmland with some development and crosses PA 183.
The route heads into North Manheim Township and continues through a mix of farms and woods with some development. The road enters the borough of Schuylkill Haven and becomes Columbia Street, passing homes and a few businesses before crossing the Schuylkill River. PA 443 curves northeast and continues along Columbia Street before it turns northwest onto Parkway, a two-lane divided highway with a wide median that passes through residential areas. The route turns north onto two-lane undivided Main Street and heads through the commercial downtown of Schuylkill Haven, crossing a Reading Blue Mountain and Northern Railroad line west of the former Schuylkill Haven station. After passing through the downtown area, PA 443 turns northwest onto Dock Street and runs through residential areas. The road bends north and comes to an intersection with PA 61. At this point, PA 443 turns east for a concurrency with PA 61 on Center Avenue, continuing past homes. The road leaves Schuylkill Haven for North Manheim Township and widens into a four-lane divided highway, running through business areas and passing to the south of the Penn State Schuylkill university campus. The two routes continues east-northeast past development before PA 443 splits from PA 61 at a jughandle-controlled intersection, with PA 443 heading northeast on two-lane undivided West Market Street, passing south of Blue Mountain High School. The route passes through the community of Bohrmans Mill and runs through a mix of farmland and residential and commercial development. The road enters the borough of Orwigsburg and runs east past homes. PA 443 heads east-southeast through the downtown area, where it is a two-lane divided highway with parking spaces for two blocks and becomes East Market Street upon crossing Warren Street. The route turns north-northeast onto two-lane undivided North Washington Street and runs through residential areas. The road curves northeast and passes between homes to the northwest and fields to the southeast.
PA 443 leaves Orwigsburg for West Brunswick Township and becomes Chestnut Road, passing through a mix of farmland and woodland with some homes and heading to the east. The road heads into East Brunswick Township and continues through agricultural areas before it runs through the residential community of McKeansburg. After this, the route comes to an intersection with PA 895. Here, PA 443 heads northeast with PA 895 on Summer Valley Road and the two routes run through wooded areas with some homes, curving east. The road crosses the Little Schuylkill River into the borough of New Ringgold and becomes Hughes Avenue, heading southeast past residences and businesses. The roadway bends east and crosses the Reading Blue Mountain and Northern Railroad's Reading Division line immediately before PA 443 splits from PA 895 by turning north onto Railroad Avenue. The route runs between the railroad tracks to the west and homes to the east before it curves northeast through forested areas parallel to the Little Schuylkill River. PA 443 heads back into East Brunswick Township and becomes Clamtown Road, winding northeast through a mix of farm fields and woods. The road runs through a dense forest and bends north to enter West Penn Township, running through more woodland with some fields and passing through the community of Clamtown. The route crosses the Little Schuylkill River into Walker Township and reaches the community of Zehners, where it turns east and runs parallel to the Reading Blue Mountain and Northern Railroad's Reading Division tracks. PA 443 curves northeast and crosses the Little Schuylkill River back into West Penn Township, where it comes to an intersection with PA 309 in the community of South Tamaqua.
Here, PA 443 turns east for a concurrency with PA 309 on four-lane undivided West Penn Pike, passing through wooded areas with some homes. PA 443 splits from PA 309 by heading east-northeast on two-lane undivided Penn Drive, running through a mix of farmland and woodland with some homes near the Mahoning Creek and passing through the community of Wehr. The road crosses into Mahoning Township in Carbon County and becomes Blakeslee Boulevard Drive West, continuing northeast through agricultural areas with some woods and residences. The route heads through the community of Normal Square and passes to the south of Jake Arner Memorial Airport. Farther northeast, PA 443 becomes Blakeslee Boulevard Drive East and runs through a mix of woodland and commercial development, passing to the north of the Carbon Plaza Mall. The road becomes the border between the borough of Lehighton to the north and Mahoning Township to the south as it runs along the south bank of Mahoning Creek and intersects the eastern terminus of PA 902. The route crosses the creek to fully enter Lehighton and curve northeast, passing more businesses. PA 443 comes to its eastern terminus at an intersection with US 209 on the west bank of the Lehigh River, where the road continues northeast as part of US 209 and crosses the river.
History
When Pennsylvania first legislated routes in 1911, what would become PA 443 was designated as Legislative Route 141 between Harper Tavern and Lickdale and as Legislative Route 140 between Lickdale and Schuylkill Haven. PA 443 was designated in 1928 to run from PA 43 (Jonestown Road) in Harper Tavern northeast to US 120 (now PA 61) in Schuylkill Haven, following present-day PA 934 and Fisher Avenue northeast to Lickdale, present-day PA 72 north to Green Point, and its current alignment from Green Point to Schuylkill Haven. At this time, the route was paved between west of Pine Grove and Schuylkill Haven while the remainder was unpaved. PA 925 was designated in 1928 to run from New Ringgold northeast to PA 29 (now PA 309) in South Tamaqua along an unpaved road. The section of present-day PA 443 on West Market Street in Orwigsburg was part of US 120. By 1930, PA 443 was realigned at Lickdale to head south to a new western terminus at PA 43 (Jonestown Road) west of Jonestown. At this time, the entire length of PA 443 was paved. By 1930, the road running between Blue Mountain and Second Mountain along with the road between Orwigsburg and New Ringgold were both unnumbered, unpaved roads.
In the 1930s, PA 443 was realigned at Green Point to head west to US 11/US 15/US 22/US 322 (North Front Street) on the east bank of the Susquehanna River north of Rockville along a paved road. The former alignment of the route between Jonestown and Green Point became a northern extension of PA 72. PA 925 was extended west from New Ringgold to US 122 (now PA 61) west of Orwigsburg in the 1930s; the route replaced the section of US 122 (which had replaced US 120) on West Market Street in Orwigsburg that was realigned to bypass the borough to the southwest. At this time, the entire length of PA 925 was paved. In addition, the highway between PA 29 south of South Tamaqua and Lehighton was constructed as an unnumbered paved road in the 1930s. In the 1940s, PA 443 was extended east from US 122 in Schuylkill Haven to US 209/US 309 in Lehighton along its current alignment. The route replaced the entire length of PA 925 between Orwigsburg and South Tamaqua. In addition, the route was widened to a multilane road between the border of Dauphin and Lebanon counties and Fort Indiantown Gap. In 1977, US 22/US 322 were shifted from North Front Street to a freeway a short distance to the east; the western terminus of PA 443 remained at unnumbered North Front Street a short distance to the west of an interchange with the US 22/US 322 freeway. The route was widened into a divided highway in the vicinity of the interchange.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
Pennsylvania Route 443 Junction List
Pennsylvania Highways - Pennsylvania Route 443
443
Transportation in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
Transportation in Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
Transportation in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
Transportation in Carbon County, Pennsylvania
